These are the best plushies I've found that are widely available. I have a Twilight one. She's the best.
No. Nope. Please no.
I know you need usb-c to usb-c chargers for the best performance, but why is that the case? Can't I use this Asus laptop block I found? It outputs usb-a and says 15v - 1.2a or 5v - 2a. Can I use this to charge my switch?
Can I print off my own box art for Odyssey? I cannot find a high-res version anywhere.
Thanks!
What did the recent system update change?
Can Doom be played without an SD card? I hear conflicting info on this.
Can confirm, am horse person.
The USA education system at the college level is completely broken. Most people will agree with that to some extent, so here are some more specifics:

1. Attendance policies shouldn't exist. If I pass the tests and do the work, I should get credit. I shouldn't have to listen to your pretentious lectures just because you need your ego stroked. I'm paying you, not the other way around.

2. All technology should be allowed in class. Unless someone is making noise or being disruptive, there is no reason to ban phones or laptops or anything. They are tools, same as paper and pen. The antiquated "tech is evil" mentality needs to go. The students who would be on their phones ignoring you are the same ones who doodle or fall asleep when phones are banned. Give the attentive students more tools to work with. Remember, we pay you.

3. Most prerequisites are a huge waste of time and testing out of classes should be the first thing a student does. It's insanely cheaper and can save years of time.

4. Not sure how many schools do this, but don't make new students stay on campus. Keep housing separate from tuition. There is no reason at all that I should be forced into an outrageously priced and impractical housing situation because I'm paying for classes. It's just dumb and unnecessary. 

5. Buying textbooks should optional and I should be able to read them at the school library instead of having to pay over 100 bucks for a terribly written piece of garbage that I'm going to resell right after the semester for a fifth of what I paid.

There's SO much more, but that's what comes to mind at the moment.
I got so many bastion legendary skins last event.
Is the "!only one healer!" selection screen tip new? I LOVE IT.
Bonus points if that comparison YouTube video is in 30fps.
Bonus points if that YouTube video is in 30fps.
I can't stand it when people (especially bosses) refuse to accept an apology and set out to make you feel like a shitty person because you've made a mistake. Doesn't matter what the details are of the mistake itself or how it could have been prevented. Doesn't matter that you have a good reputation with them. Doesn't matter that you tried your hardest to make up for your mistake and then some. Nope, you're a shitty person because you're inferior and under their authority. Do they think something will change if they make you feel bad enough?
>"Learn to work with people who one-trick."

Nice troll.
Um... What? You just said people should work around one-tricks... Do you mean they should all be in agreement in working around you? Because that's equally selfish to assume.
So everyone should bow down to you and work around you, but you should never be forced to work around other people? Pretty selfish mindset, there.
From less than 2 months ago, even.
The "it's my game and I'll play it how I want" argument only goes so far. You bought the game, but that doesn't mean you get to change the rules. Is it a crime that maps and modes are random in OW? No. Some people might say, "I bought the game, I want to play the maps I want." Guess what? You bought a game that someone else designed. You signed up for this. Play it within its parameters or use your free-market card and don't play it.

It's not a black and white issue. Most people don't want to completely remove the accounts of those who one-trick. I think we can all agree it's nowhere near as bad as cheating. At most, one-trickers should be banned from competitive mode after some warnings. The whole point of comp is to play as a team and do what you can to win. If you aren't participating in that way, go play quickplay or arcade. There are so many other ways to play OW besides competitive. Nobody is stealing your game from you.

The issue comes into play when we need to decide what constitutes a one-trick. I say, if their comp stats show they play one hero over ~95% of the time (in comp), they're a one-trick. This is regardless of whether they play off-meta. Now, obviously Tracer and Dva one-tricks won't get reported and banned as quickly as Sym one-tricks, but this is part of the system. What is banning one-tricks from comp accomplishing? It removes players who ruin the game for others. If Dva is one-tricking and kicking ass, nobody reports her because nobody's experience is being ruined. This is ok. If Dva is one-tricking and losing the game for everyone, people report her and she is forced to switch in the future or be banned from comp. The same goes for Sym. This removes frustrating teammates just like when people get reported for being toxic or griefing. If you play off-meta heroes, but switch when things are rough, you CANNOT be banned regardless of how many people falsely report you for one-tricking. You are NEVER banned simply for playing off-meta. You are banned for ignoring teamwork and ruining the game for others. If you one-trick ANY hero, that is evidence that you don't care about the team nature of competitive and it allows others to call you out if it's an issue. It's a simple concept, really.

Of course, people shouldn't be banned in their first game of comp because they technically only have time with one hero. There are common sense measures for this system. How about one-trickers get a time penalty and a warning telling them what they've done wrong before being outright banned from comp? Set it up similar to the incremental warnings and time penalties we have in place for leavers. Why isn't there widespread outrage over the leaver punishments from the "it's my game" people? Because they realize that leavers ruin the game for everyone and Blizzard has the right to set some rules in place within their own game. Some people argue, "why are other people allowed to dictate the way I play?" Because you're ruining the game for them. This is why, if enough people think you are griefing, you get punished. Other people reported you because you ruined their experience. That is the issue at hand here, and in this case it's being applied to people who have an identifiable problem with teamwork in the most serious mode of the game. I haven't seen a strong argument against making one-tricking in comp a reportable offense. 
People jumped on me for saying this whole system was a novelty back when it released. It's just far too niche and far too expensive compared to alternatives. Why buy the speaker when I can buy a nice BT speaker separately that allows me to keep my phone in my pocket and have better sound for less money? Not to mention the speaker doesn't become obselete if my phone dies. A similar argument can be made for almost all the other mods. When people switch out their phone every few years, a product like this makes no sense to the average consumer.
When sharing your past with them doesn't turn them away, but makes them more determined than ever to help you be a better person. This doesn't mean it's easy for them, it just means they want you to be the best you can be instead of rejecting you for having flaws.
Wait... So even after April Fools, this is confirmed real? I hate to be "that guy" but look at the Jimmy drawing. The horizontal grey line is interrupted. It's clearly been edited. Maybe it is real, but the Jimmy part was added? I'm confused.
Admittedly, I don't enjoy Attrition very much. I absolutely love the gameplay mechanics and the guns and the freedom of movement in both games. I just hate gunning down grunts and getting blindsided by an enemy pilot out of nowhere, then respawn only to see that the enemy team has their titans and we don't have much of a chance to catch up. I absolutely love pilot-only mode. I know some will say it's too much like COD or whatever, but it just makes more sense to me to focus on human players. That said, if Attrition wasn't the only gamemode with active players, I would love to play something with TF2's campaign quality, sliding mechanics, and variety of class customization (minus camper-oriented tools) that uses TF1's better maps, simpler titan combat, and more personal cosmetic upgrades.
YouTube is a huge part of the issue as well. Their automated process means that with enough flagging, videos can get marked down even without a copyright claim. YouTube also censors content because they want to satisfy their advertisers, but they are extremely selective and biased. This is how conservative news channels and controversial figures like PewDiePie get bullied even when they're following Fair Use. Of course, the copyright claim process is frustrating when companies abuse it, but it's far from the only factor here.
Yeah, but it isn't the full game like Fortnite is.
First off, nothing in the USA's legal system is "guilty until proven innocent." The burden of proof is on the accuser, not the accused. What you're talking about is the notice system YouTube has to follow in the case of a copyright claim made by the owner of the property. I wasn't talking about claims specifically. I was talking about YouTube's screwed up flagging system (and stupid terms of service) that makes things incredibly difficult even without taking claims into account.

If you want to discuss claims, here's the process. YouTube allows all videos by default (within their site-wide rules of course). If a copyright owner believes something in the video is a breach of Fair Use or is outside Fair Use and was not directly authorized, they can file a notice. YouTube is then required to demonetize the video (or take it down in some cases). This is not assuming the creator is guilty and they never have to "prove" they're allowed to use the content. It simply puts a hold on the situation until it can be resolved. The video creator can then fire back and say that the alleged infringement isn't valid if they think they're within Fair Use. YouTube is required to inform the copyright owner of this objection (no proof is required, just the objection). If the copyright owner does not take the issue to court within 14 days, YouTube is supposed to put the video back up like it was to begin with. If the issue is taken to court and ruled in the creator's favor, as we saw with h3h3, they even get to claim damages for the period of time the video was taken down in error.

Ideally, this system protects the copyright owner's property as well as the rights of the video creator to benefit from their creation within Fair Use. It's not a case of "guilty until proven innocent." Like I said, ultimately the burden of proof is on the copyright owner in court, not the video creator. Most cases don't go to court because it's far too expensive for most video creators and they end up forced to accept the claim and lose all their revenue even if the claim was bullshit to begin with. That's the big problem right now. Copyright owners are abusing the system by claiming stuff that is clearly within Fair Use, YouTube is slow to respond to notice counters made by video creators, and even if all this takes place the video creator might be forced to lose their hard earned money if hit with a pricey lawsuit. Another wrench in this system is advertisers. YouTube has caved to idiotic controversies recently and are now demonetizing for almost nothing in their attempts to appeal to certain advertisers' agendas. Their system, being almost completely automated, makes things far too difficult for the average law-abiding video creator to thrive in, not to mention how absurd their selective censorship is when it comes to what they decide violates their terms of service.

Source for the legal process:
https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/17/512
It definitely is YouTube's fault. Fair Use is supposed to protect almost everything used to create original content except directly copying something in its entirety. Check out the h3h3productions court case results for a legal example: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9eN0CIyF2ok

The only reason YouTube keeps demonetizing videos as mundane as PewDiePie's is because they don't have real people checking these cases out and they see him as a threat due to the BS controversies that surrounded him in the past. Everything is run by bots and the system is screwed up. It's to the point where enough flags will get you demonetized whether your video is protected under Fair Use or not. YouTube clearly values advertiser money and laziness over protecting proper implementation of Fair Use. 
I got kicked out of a college class once for disagreeing with my professor over this topic. It wasn't fun. Funny, I thought we were supposed to be valuing people based on their merits as competent workers instead of discriminating based on race and sex.
Here's the link: https://www.shoutfactory.com/product/gravity-falls-the-complete-series-collector-s-edition?product_id=6755
[](/abanxious) I love it.
Like the scene in Phantom Menace. "MASTER, DESTROYERS!"
"Autobots, pull out!"
The intro to Nocturnal Animals.
Sounds great! Gotta say, I know the feeling. I spent years feeling like none of my friends knew me and understood my mental process as much as I would have liked. Today I have a girl who really does click with me and it's amazing. We're getting engaged soon. 
Mr. Ben Shapiro on the right there is a decently respectable Conservative that represents the opinion that there's no link between games and violence. He's not the kind of guy to let his own kids play violent games, but that's because of his religious beliefs, not because he thinks it makes people violent. Interesting video, feel free to watch. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7HXJDEnHV0w
"Aw shoot, ya got me."
The title worried me, but this actually doesn't sound like a bad gig. 
I actually really like it. It's what I thought it would taste like. Nothing too exceptional or mind-blowing, of course.
Galactic Battlegrounds *will* do fine.
My Little Pony.

I just hope I have daughters someday, otherwise I'm in for it.
I think Mr. Crabs is feeling it now.
I've been out of the loop, could someone fill me in on Hanzo's upcoming changes?
I had the same issue.
Ever considered that different people are complaining than the ones who were begging for ExTrA thICc uniforms in the past?

also... "out of hands?" lol.
Seems to have helped, thanks. I had to restart after applying the setting, though.
"I Know That Voice!"

It's about voice acting, it's wonderful.
I understand not wanting to be an asshole to people, but if you work in the public eye you will never escape the negative attention. It's the job of celebrities to learn how to block out the nonsense that's spewed at them all day. The don't have to read every comment. Nobody is forcing them to respond to every complaint. Unless there's physical harassment taking place, there's not much that can be done in a free society to stop heckling. It's up to us to be decent people, but it's up to her to be intelligent about what words she values and what feedback she takes to heart. Gotta have thick skin to be popular, it's just the nature of things.
How embarrassing...
> demon children running around

WHAT DEMONS? It never mentions demons. You're assuming that the Nephilim are demons, but the closest translation would actually be "giants." (Gen 6:4) Why exactly would wiping out humanity not be the way God rolls? Can't He do what He wants? It clearly says that He sent the flood to wipe out humans. (Gen 6:5-8) You realize that the reason God doesn't do that today is because He made a promise not to after the account of Noah's Ark with the rainbow, right? (Gen 9:11-13)
No, the Bible doesn't say that.

Read Genesis 6:5-8
The Bible doesn't say this at all. It never mentions the characters you refer to as demons. We still aren't entirely sure what they are supposed to be. They didn't rape and pillage the land. They bore children with human women. The Bible makes clear that God sent the flood to wipe out humanity due to their great evil.
The cameraman's right hand gets cut off. The mirror is farther back then it appears.
Game time started.
"From the repost camp."
"But Master, you always taught me to feed off the living shitposts."
Lies, deception.
Glad you're ok. If you ever need music recommendations hit me up. Here's a supportive [Applebloom](https://i.imgur.com/UTTKoUo.png) for you!
This poor excuse of a human being has been running rampant doing this shit for a while now. He even has a YouTube where he brags while showing himself using the hacks. He has a website boosting service too. Ubisoft needs to take action soon. He's ruined so many players' experiences so far and Battle Eye doesn't seem to be able to detect his hacks very well.
Winky face?
General Reposti!
That's horrific.
This is gonna sound super specific, but for those who have an old 1280x1024px screen sitting next to their 16:9 hd screen, this is a custom wallpaper I made for myself from the older version of this image with the recruits. Use the "Span" setting in Windows 10 and it looks like the squad on the left is penetrating the bezels between the two screens. A photo is included for clarity. The same effect could be accomplished between two 16:9 screens.

https://i.imgur.com/jEL9r1a.jpg *edit: Not sure why it looks so washed out on Imgur, try downloading it, it should look better.

photo: https://i.imgur.com/WHsGuKH.jpg
I'm looking at getting into the world of commissioned Minecraft works. What would you say a map of this type could sell for?
Being rich isn't the problem. Christianity as a whole isn't the problem. Brainwashing people into giving you money by promising them wealth if they "believe enough" is the problem. The prosperity gospel is the problem.
Doot doot. Goodbye, my friend of inferior structure.
What shaders are those?
And Photoshop CS2 is free officially from Adobe if you're ok with older programs.
The professor's kids (who are also students) told some of the other students at our college that he got wasted the night before. They were amused that he blamed it on a glitch in the system instead of being honest. Thought y'all might enjoy it.
Wait, Overwatch has CTF now? Dang, I missed some stuff.
Made me laugh out loud. Well done. :)
Nice.
My first thought would be to SWAT someone. Remember that story recently? A guy SWAT-called the wrong guy and the police ended up killing someone because they were so on edge as a result of that detailed call.
Anyone have this shot in the film or something close to it?
The Hobbit movies. So many of my friends worshiped those films just because they had to do with Lord of the Rings and were directed by Peter Jackson. Critically, they're mediocre at best.
Sometimes I judge less than silently. Telling someone to put it away in that scenario is not entirely out of the question in my opinion.
I always wondered why these two brands of smartwatches at Best Buy looked similar but were priced so differently.
It's the glossy effect, I think. Nowadays everything seems to be matte.
Are you cussing with me?
Nobody cares about the man in the box.
I saw it too. I loved 10 Cloverfield Lane. I thought the original Cloverfield was decent. But this... This was pretty average, not gonna lie. There were some great performances and nice scenes, but as a whole it doesn't hit home for me at all. Plus, if you look at people who are actually into the ARG, even they will admit that the film doesn't make immediate sense in the overall timeline of the Cloverfield movies. It's kind of a mess.
Ten years from now.

"Daddy, can we go see Star Wars episode 16?”

"No, we just went to see Avengers Eternity Battle Part 3 last Friday."
Ok, but I think it's fair to say the movie isn't as good as it could be, even by just Cloverfield universe standards.
At first I did NOT like this movie. It starts out pretty generic with science-talk gibberish and some humor that doesn't hit at all. But after the second act got underway, I began to be more interested. Plenty of creative stuff happening there. The horror element sometimes works and sometimes doesn't. For the most part it's serviceable. The last third of the movie was pretty great. I liked the "talking to myself" scene especially. I'm conflicted about the ending. It was satisfying enough, but doesn't tie in with the other films very clearly. I'm confused as to whether the end is supposed to be a seamless transition into the first film or just a tense ending. The time period doesn't seem to work. Regardless, it's an average movie that serves its purpose well enough. Cloverfield fans will like it, but no self-respecting film critic will call it a masterpiece or anything like that.
That's awesome.
Wait, you can set an album to play after the current album? How? I have GPM.
This movie is absolutely precious. I love how innocent, yet powerful it is and how well done the visuals and storytelling are. The owl scene and the lullaby are amazing.
Google Play music. You get everything that Spotify gets you, but with Youtube Red bundled in at no extra cost. All their albums are on there. 
Being an INTJ myself I joined the sub and I knew pretty quickly that it was a mistake. Every conversation I had there ended in one of two ways.

1. You're not a REAL intj you poser. I can tell based on scientific evidence from reading your comment that you're ACTUALLY an insp/intp/insj blah blah blah

2. Guys, intj types are the WORST, most people on this subreddit just edgelord all the time, amiright? But of course I'm not like those people...

I like the Myers-Briggs tests because they're fun and helpful for understanding people's tendencies, but these subs are just toxic landfills.
Agreed, this was the best upgrade I could have done to my pair.
This helps me out. Thanks so much for the detailed reply! I appreciate you taking the time. :)
Thanks! Anything I would get out of either of those cans that I don't already have in my ATH-M50x? Flatter sound signature? 
Are the Porta Pros still a good pair of headphones? Why do people like them? They seem really weird.
r/nottheonion
This exact scenario happened to me a while back. I read these same comments and it worked for me too!

Later my Deathadder broke for good and I got a Logitech instead.
The DC movies. They just need a nice reboot. Start over. It obviously isn't working nearly as well as they hoped. Getting fresh blood might be what they need. It worked with Spiderman.
Looks like it plays similar to Super Meat Boy, but with powerups and more mid-air physics.
Dead meme! Do I hear a dead meme alert?
> Jokes on you, I play Rainbow Six Siege.


The character Dokkaebi can hack your phone, causing it to ring. In the game it makes that vibrate noise and you have to turn off the phone to not reveal your position. 

In other words, I already hear this from my computer.
Jokes on you, I play Rainbow Six Siege.
Income. It makes no sense. 

Sorry, but a local rookie cop isn't gonna own a huge house with current-year pickup trucks and an in-ground pool.
Pebble. I love the idea of a smart watch that isn't exclusively built around fitness, but also isn't an overpriced miniature phone for your wrist. The physical buttons, 5-day battery, and apps available for it are amazing.
Nice try, reposter.
Portal. It's short, but so wonderfully executed and mysterious. If you enjoy physics-based puzzle games, you'll like Portal, but I had no idea what it was going in and I still loved it.
Gotta mark this kinda post as "serious" my dude.
My friend loved the first one and took me along to see this heaping pile of garbage. He apologized afterwards.
I absolutely cannot stand it when I visit people's houses and they have years-old electronics that STILL HAVE PLASTIC UNPEELED. It's so obvious and yet I guess they must not have noticed it.
What happens after too many doots.
I was in the middle where everyone said "pwned." 
Farewell, friend. I wish you and your inferior structure many doots.
I can relate, man. 
Looks awesome. Thanks for the pic! Tons of hours in there I'm sure.
Deaths by sharks, snakes, or black widow spiders.
Good on you for doing the research.
Yes indeed. Solid phone. I haven't had any real problems.
What makes you cry?

What makes you sing?

What do you dream about?
Many of the Disney movies. The hand-drawn animation still looks beautiful and the songs are timeless.
Star Wars. Still looks, sounds absolutely incredible. 
Inception.
Dude, that's so cool.

This is gonna sound weird, but is it an interesting and developed world to explore? I'd love to see your work if you could PM me a save file or something.
Might look into that, thanks for the recommendation. :)
Haha, yeah, it sucks. There have been a few times where I tabbed in only to have the game register a click and team kill the dude who spawned in front of me.
They made a fair bit of recent mistakes, but this has become a circlejerk at this point. Many companies have similar issues and recover just fine. OnePlus makes pretty solid, affordable flagship phones, regardless. I absolutely loved my OPO and my current OP3t is holding up great.
Undercutting every possible moment in the movie with a joke. I'm looking at you, Marvel.
High-brow morons talking about how the Ugandan Knuckles meme is racist. Yeah, no shit, but guess what? It's still pretty hilarious and it seems like the only people getting offended are white YouTubers looking for views. Let people have their fun on what are designed to be open chat rooms.
The animoji memes. Thankfully it didn't blow up too big, but it's truly disgusting to look at. Not sure why people would want that monstrosity of a Snapchat filter on their iPhone.
I subbed because someone recommended this to me for the detailed stories about real people acting like they belong. I most definitely did not sub for repost pictures of tomatoes next to apples or what essentially amounts to the lite version of r/hmmm

It's a shame, really. Bye y'all.
I don't care how much of a meme it has become, I still absolutely love Minecraft, even just vanilla survival.
I have continually written a journal to my future wife about staying pure to her since 2013 (I'm Christian). Now that I know who she is and we're getting married this year, it's basically just notes to her. I love it and she can't wait to read it.
I love that bass.
I did it for a long time as a kid. Scolding from parents didn't work. That clear bitter solution you put on your fingertips didn't work. Sheer will didn't work. I finally got rid of it by changing my perspective and starting to view my nails' growth and length as a desirable outcome instead of viewing my biting as a bad action. I didn't want to have painful nubs, but I was addicted, so instead of telling myself how bad biting was I told myself that I'll hold off biting them because it'll be so cool once they grow enough to trim properly and use for tying shoelaces, playing instruments, or just generally being smooth and not catching on random stuff.

When your nails are bitten down they are useless and hard to deal with, but you don't care enough to stop because there's no goal in sight. Give yourself a tangible and realistic reason to hold off. Putting a positive spin on bad habits can change them easier. Once I held off for a few days I began to notice that as they grew, they revealed an ugly border that I could eventually trim, giving way to a smooth edge that had so many benefits. Rough nails can catch on fabric or when moving heavy objects. Pulling apart a nail in the wrong way hurts terribly and takes a while to recover from. Having smooth nails can prevent this from happening.

Another benefit is being able to hold stuff better. Tying and undoing knots is so much easier. Holding small, fragile objects is sometimes easier. Using leverage from your nail on small handheld items is fun and efficient. Some hobbies, such as playing the guitar or creating hand-made crafts, become a possibility. There's so much daily efficiency to be had when you have nails.

Perhaps the most obvious benefit is that you won't be in pain all the time. No more bloody or sore fingers. No more healing and biting and re-healing and re-biting. It's stressful to deal with over time. Holding off just to get a break from the pain can sometimes be enough. Plus it looks so much more healthy to other people. 

One last piece of advice. Get a really nice fingernail clipper and USE IT. Not right away, of course, but once you get a bit more length. Clip your growing nails into perfect smooth edges. Destroy hangnails with ease instead of fruitlessly biting at them and making the nail biting more likely. Get dirt out from under your nails without using your teeth, if that's something you tend to do. To this day I keep a fingernail clipper next to my desk and use it all the time. I love it. Keeps me sane and keeps my hands in top condition. Once you begin to enjoy using it, you'll want to abstain from biting just so you can use it properly on your new nails. 

Godspeed, and may you ever gaze upon the white tips, my brother.

TL;DR:

Instead of viewing biting as a bad thing, view the many benefits of having real nails (less pain, useful utility, and healthy appearance) as a good thing, a goal to work towards. Use a fingernail clipper instead of your mouth whenever possible.
Abracadabra.
Except if you're talking about cotton wool, which is usually used as a medical applicator, an arts and crafts material, or a cleaning product.
Sticky hands, trying to use your phone.
Jon Harrison. 

Once they see the spelling of the first name they'll assume it's real. The last name just cements it as decently believable. That's all you need.
Get a job working for the government. You'll get a huge bonus in addition to your regular paycheck, especially when you can't go to work due to random shutdowns.
A few nice pairs of men's silky premium underwear. Don't question it. I dare you to try them out, they will change your life.
Technically three interpretations. Hand soap, dish soap, or dishwashing liquid, all of which are implied and all of which have very different properties and uses. I would never wash my hands with too much dish soap, and it's not smart to use regular dish soap in dishwashers.
RemindME! 20 hours “Locked safe”
What is the issue then?
What about the clone attack on Mundi?
A well maintained instrument. It's very worth it to learn and keep up that skill. The ability to make music is magical.
I always ask these three questions if I'm interested in getting to really know someone:

1. What makes you sing?

2. What makes you cry?

3. What do you dream about?

It opens up some great conversations. You can take the crying one positively or negatively, and you and take the dream one literally or figuratively. Try it out.
"Shut up!"

"Shutting up, sir."
It's so incredibly stupid to build characters with exclusive abilities and interactions based on lore in a competitive FPS. Nobody wanted extra points for killing a certain character. Nobody wanted arbitrary reduction of a gadget's effect on one or two characters. Stop giving us crap like this that has no purpose and makes things inconsistent with specific operators. If I place a mine, it should do the same thing to every attacker. If I shoot a grenade into a room, it should affect all defenders the same unless there's a gadget that counters it. Making these adjustments based on "story" is idiotic and doesn't improve the game for the vast majority of players. 

And yes, the GROM obviously got more love than they needed to. It makes no sense, really. Ubi can build awesome operators that are balanced, but instead they do this.
Da moon!
Thank you brother. I will take your counsel graciously.
At first glance this looked like a dude with Randall from Monsters INC sitting next to him.
"I usually teach middle school biology classes, so this will be a first for me!"

Yeah, no. Later that semester she legitimately thought that men have two X chromosomes and women have an X and a Y. A few hands raised and someone pointed out her mistake, but she double downed on it and seemed convinced the entire class was wrong. 

Easy A, but I learned nothing.
Like OnePlus is trying to do?
This reeks of satire.
PlanetSide 2

It's still the only shooter I know of where you can have thousands of players per map and really feel like you can go anywhere you want without being told where to fight or what to do. It's what an open world MMO should be, but it's also a decent FPS. There are only a few maps, but they're huge continents with loads of locations to fight in. It relies on player counts, meaning that you can do recon or take objectives on dead parts of the map or battle it out for the most important points with the rest of the players. It's a truly incredible, unique experience. Get a squad going and it's even better.

https://www.planetside2.com/home
Navigating a map with purely informational communication is a bit different than navigating a relationship.
Thought this was r/tumblrinaction for a moment there.
I love that mic. Every time I play pubs in Rainbow Six Siege somebody asks what mic I use because it sounds so good. It's a fantastic entry-level XLR.
dokkaebi got a new toy
disapPOINTED! 
My professor uses "synergy" all the time. It bugs me to no end. It's such a useless, pretentious word.
For midwest Americans, Culver's and some other chains take any and all coupons, regardless of expiration date.
This is assuming that the deluxe doesn't already cost extra, of course.
Err on the side of being yourself. It's a lot better for them to know your habits and tastes so you can have conversations about any issues early on. If you hide things about yourself that you think aren't attractive to the other person, you're setting your SO up to feel betrayed down the line. If you think something about yourself is worth changing, then do it, but don't just do it for them. The trick is finding someone who makes you a better person but who also accepts you for who you are. Don't look for someone to just validate you and don't expect to be able to hide parts of yourself from anyone you plan on getting that close to.
Those things were the best unsafe toys of all time.
Doing my part to make my school a better place.
I would be interested in how things might change if the range of his indicator was much smaller or larger than it is currently. If it was smaller, defenders would have to be very close to him with their drone in order to have any idea he was there. This allows him a better ability to evade drones. Alternatively, if they extended his indicator's range by a lot, it would be extremely difficult to pin down where he was because you'd only know a general area of the map where he is instead of a particular room.
thanks.
My brother just recently passed his tests for his skin cancer scans and they came back negative! A few months ago he got surgery and we've been waiting to see if they got it since then. I know what that feeling is like, but know that this doesn't necessarily mean the end. It's just the beginning of the fight. 

I'll say a prayer for you and your dad.
What are his numbers now?
i5-4590

I guess I meant the 3gb vs 6gb versions of the 1060. I can get medium settings already with my 750ti and I want to make sure whatever I get is a good enough increase to be worth the purchase.

Thanks for your help.
Currently have a 750ti. I game 1080p with it. What's a better value upgrade for modern 1080p gaming? 1060, 1060ti, 1050, or 1050ti?  Looking for bang for my buck.
Is it worth upgrading from a 750ti (2 GB) to a 1060 3GB?
Thanks.
Gaming mostly. I get decent fps playing at 1080p on medium settings, but I'm looking for better performance.
750ti and i5-4590

Which should I upgrade first?
That will eventually ruin them faster, due to the extra stress on the shoes. But unless you paid a fortune for them, that's honestly not a huge loss.
Use a spoon. I fist it and hold my hand down to scoop with it. I never liked the finger balancing method as a baby, I guess.
Back in my high school days I remember my mom would do this with paper bags and we would give them out of the van window as we drove to school.
[Why not take a break?](https://www.blogcdn.com/www.joystiq.com/media/2006/11/nintendo_take_break_final_break_lg.jpg)
Wonderful work here, really. Just came to congratulate you. :) Keep it up.
Truman, don't look at the cat! It's not real!
Always have headlights on, no matter what. 

Visibility is so much better for people spotting you when your lights are on, even in broad daylight.
I mean, if you use his Halloween skin this makes sense.
Different Death Star though...
General Kenobi!
The only thing about the 8 plus is that it has that obnoxiously fragile glass back. I can't believe Apple went with that. It feels like a change of pace for the sake of changing something.
This reminds me of Snake in Smash Bros lighting up a cigarette and dealing 1% damage to himself. I love that taunt.
Bring subbed to r/wtf means that even the most innocent of titles can be something horrific. Goodness...
That's great, man. I have a special someone myself, but that moment hasn't come just yet. You're making me anticipate it even more now.
I knew Donnie Darko was a holiday special all along. It all makes sense now.
People who say they don't like the way female characters are portrayed in Blade Runner because they're "feminist" bother me more than actual feminists. My friend was in this camp and all I could do was sit there listening to him thinking, "Dude, you realize the whole point of sexualized female characters in the film is to highlight the flaw of a society that sexualizes females, right?"
If you're able to still get the deal this weekend Best Buy is giving away $10 gift cards along with them.
Back up apparently.
This is in my female professor's house, where I guess men don't often visit. I used her bathroom during a meal we had with our class, which is compromised of all women except me.
Some variations with grain/static.

https://imgur.com/a/odo9q
Theology. Specifically, protestant Christian worldviews based on the Bible.
I did nawt.
Not sure about you guys, but I'm pretty sure "i" doesn't stand for palm tree.
This is real?

Oh no.

TA DA!
I mean, the camera isn't my top priority when it comes to phones, but I absolutely love my 3T's camera. It's on par with last year's Samsung and iPhone cameras, honestly. Look at [this video by MKBHD](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DtmGMcMeEJE) to see comparisons that prove it's not a huge difference.
Forget And Not Slow Down by Relient K. It's a journey through a relationship with so many nuances and tragedies. It contains some of Matt Thiessen's best lyrics. Relient K was mostly just your average Christian rock band up until their last few works, which have been pretty spectacular. I'd highly recommend them to anyone who likes that acoustic punk rock vibe.
Loved that YouTube series.
MAKE EQUESTRIA GREAT AGAIN
I love cuddles, too. :)
True. I was thinking more of the reformers, like the photo seems to suggest.
Sorry, just got out of my Christian Theology 1 class.
But they didn't baptize with that much water... Immersion isn't a thing when it comes to infant baptism.
No editing, shot on a OnePlus One phone.
Christians and Muslims do not worship the same God.
TLDR: No official statement either way

This just in: XUL has stated that he will now be living as a gay man.
This is obviously unacceptable. Banning for playing the game a certain way? This doesn't even mention any kind of trolling, verbal abuse, or anything else that might be understandable. It's just whatever they decide is picking a character too often. That's a new level of top-down control that shouldn't be tolerated by any game's community. 
I used to do this in between COD matches, since the wait is about a minute or two. I might get back into this habit now that I play Rainbow Six Siege and there tends to be a lot of downtime whenever you die. Thanks for reminding me!
Had this feature for ages on OnePlus phones. I use it all the time. Glad to see it's stock now.
Again with the cherry picking photos to bash Trump... Have a little [perspective.](https://i.redditmedia.com/JUEUpLwfghH9vAqT_ZDcKyQ0jBPEkWuaLEdeZ44jEIc.jpg?w=1024&s=e78f8a9c39c5727c07f9436bed89bfda)
I'm not sure what issue you have with me. I said that I think it's funny that Apple fans are excited for wireless charging because it is not as good as a feature as people are making it out to be. I never said wireless charging is new, only that it is new for Apple products.
Not on the iPhone it hasn't. I ain't stroking anything, this is common knowledge. If you read my post you would have seen that I mention the negatives about wireless charging, which implies that I knew it's been around for a while and has a userbase.
Don't mind at all. The fact that all the Apple nerds are so hyped about wireless charging in the iPhone X is pretty funny to me. An extremely small amount of users actually use it because it's not only much slower than wired charging, but with OnePlus you already get the best fast charging in the business. How much effort does it take to plug the phone in? It's not that necessary when you have to be near an outlet either way.
I wouldn't have met my girl. :)
This is why I haven't bought it yet. My poor little 750ti would have a heck of a time.
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
> This is one of those times when we respectfully disagree on what it means to be courageous.

Well played.
As long as they don't copy the lack of headphone jack.
This is one of the reasons I still have faith in this company.
Most of it has to do with the subreddit you're in as well as the timing of your post or comment. Some subreddits only accept certain types of people or content and if you post things early, but within hours of peak Reddit use, you'll get more attention.
After oogling over my uncle's Nexus 4, I made the 5 my first smartphone. I loved it until the screen broke when I dropped it with a case on. Good times.
I'm a Christian as well, and I have a few points for your consideration. Congrats on quitting porn by the way. 

First, fetishes do go away. It's not as simple as wishing it away, but your tastes will change over time and especially as a result of quitting porn. Habits you have from porn will probably linger, but the further you get from it over time, the less intense it will be and the more natural and sexy real women and real sex will seem to you. I am a virgin as well, so I can't say sex fixes everything, and in reality, it doesn't. But I can tell you that I used to have certain fixations that went away after a while because I got away from the addiction.

Second, fetishes are not necessarily wrong according to the Bible. If you read it carefully, you will see that homosexuality and adultery are the biggest offences listed, along with lust. This means that if you want to follow the Bible, you should avoid lust by rejecting sexual desires unless they are for one woman, your wife. This doesn't mean seeing your sex drive as bad. No, it's a wonderful thing God gave us, but it has a purpose, and that is for the context of marriage. 

Just because you may be attracted to anal sex doesn't mean you have to be homosexual or attracted to men. Plenty of straight couples enjoy anal sex because it's fun for them, similar to oral sex or role-play. The Bible only speaks against these acts in the context of sinful lifestyles, homosexuality, or adultery. It leaves the marriage context open for the most part. Pretty much anything is allowed that is a loving and kind mutual act. So don't worry about butts. You may find a girl who likes that stuff too and it won't be a big deal. If you truly find it distasteful, you'll likely grow out of it when you discover your mutual tastes in that future relationship.
Now now kids, everyone share.
Communism.
Blu Ray. I don't buy new movies often, but when I do it's one I really like, and I want it to look as good as possible.
As someone who never jumped on the Spotify train, YouTube Red was a steal. They don't advertise it hardly at all, but for 10 bucks a month you don't just get the ad-free, background play, and download features. You also get Google Play Unlimited, which is basically Spotify premium. I use the music streaming almost as much as I appreciate supporting creators without ads.
That makes sense. You have to have that fundamental unity in how you view the world, either way.
I will not marry someone who isn't a Christian. This is because I am a Christian myself and it is so intertwined with my worldview that I would constantly be clashing mentally with someone I spent that much time with.
So.... April fool's day then?
Watch this get reset to 0 upvotes.
Maybe they see casual as a bad place to be due to teamkilling, not necessarily a place for them to be the ones who are teamkilling.
From personal experience, I can say that the Dave Ramsey teen program is absolute shit. It's literally a rehashing of some of his talks he's given to groups in the past and a haphazardly created "textbook" to go with it purely so they had some kind of written curriculum. It has very little thought put into it as an actual class. Maybe part of it was the teachers as well, but I learned almost nothing when I took it. I would recommend looking elsewhere.
Yeah, I agree. I do that too, but sometimes you wanna say, "Mei needs help! Will someone please go over to her?" In that case I'll say "her."
When I'm gaming, I just refer to everyone by their character unless I know otherwise. For example, in Rainbow Six Siege, I'll refer to someone playing Ash as "she" or by the character name. It makes things less confusing. 
I mean, up until very recently, it was considered proper form to refer to individuals with an unknown gender as "he" in most professional contexts. I try to use "they" and "you" when I can, but even "they" is technically plural and therefore incorrect grammar most of the time.

Things are so confusing nowadays I don't tend to worry too much about getting it right the first time.
One of our communication classes required us to make a new friend that semester and analyze and record our interactions with them so as to apply the textbook's theories to that relationship. I refused to initiate a friendship based on an assignment. If the professor hadn't let me use a past experience with a reduced grade, I probably would have quit that class.
Freshman orientation. We were on a tubing trip. They didn't bother to check the oil on the school's bus, so it overheated on our ride over because there wasn't any oil left. A friend of mine and I were certain we knew what was wrong and how to fix it, but the idiotic ladies running things in the front refused to let us do anything about it. None of them had any clue about cars. We ended up waiting for another vehicle in our party to come by and get oil. It was infuriating.

Oh, did I mention that on the way back there was a tire that needed changing and we had to stop on the side of the highway for that too?
College biology teacher thought men had two X chromosomes and women had an X and Y. Several weird glances around class until a fellow student and I both raised our hands and corrected her. I guess the teacher got defensive because she said she was sure we were wrong. 

And that, friends, is why you don't hire middle-school teachers as adjunct professors at your college.
I got dismissed from a class because I didn't agree with the professor or the book. This particular professor had some kind of vendetta against me. He was low-key a dick to me in lots of my classes. Unfortunately, he's the main prof for my major and I'm too late in the game to switch.
Same with a bunch of Dippers from Gravity Falls.
Already eaten. My primal desires overtook me.
yup
cool giveaway
"It's like poetry, it rhymes"
I have had some issues with GPS on my OPO as well as my new OP3t. But it's not repeatable. It's just that every once in a while Google maps just has no idea where I am.
Has the Wifi vulnerability in the news recently been addressed yet? I saw there was an update today and was wondering if I can safely use Wifi in public areas now.
The thread was "What popular theory do you think is bullshit?"

I simply commented "Evolution" because it's something I'm pretty skeptical of. Despite the entire point of the thread being unpopular opinions, I got downvoted into next year.
That's beautiful. Attention to detail takes work.
My girl recently mentioned that I have long eyelashes, so this is good to know. The danger is that my brother has even longer eyelashes...
> Remembering random things that I’ve said in the past.

As a guy, I love it when she notices things like this. That's how magical inside jokes are made.
Gravitational waves are pretty awesome. 
Disclaimer: party not pictured
I mean, it is Roy...
I'm blunt, analytical, and not super emotional on the surface. I also seem to have the male equivalent of resting bitch face.
Not sure what annoys me more at this point... the minority of the fanbase that are edge-lord teenage morons or the people who feel the need to shit on them all day long.
Relient K's song, ["Can't Complain."](https://youtu.be/I3XsOZzBL24)
Good grief, I hate this "let's judge everyone by what show they like" bullshit. The morons who are making public displays of themselves are ALWAYS the minority. You're going to inevitably get some weirdos if you have tons of people who like something, but most "fans" are just regular joes who watch the show and enjoy it. People need to stop lumping others into categories so they can rail against them while feeling justified.
And here I thought the feminist "free the nipple" movement was based on the idea that breasts are supposedly a non-sexual body part.
I like that he searches for 15 years...

15.... I5.... i5?

I'll see myself out.
Glad to hear you're feeling gracious about it. Good image, bro.
Still annoying though, that with a 10 second edit and no originality he got 20k upvotes while your original post stands at 40 or so. Credit where credit is due, at least.
Undertale

Age of Empires 2

Limbo

Portal

The Stanley Parable

Super Meat Boy

Terraria
Yes and no. I mean, it's just a popular show. If you get enough people into one area, you're going to have a mess. That's just the nature of things. It doesn't necessarily mean anything about the group as a whole or the show that gathered them there. It just means something is making a lot of people happy and that's ok. There will ALWAYS be idiots. It's just that when there are more people overall there will inevitably be more of them.
I see more memes making fun of the Rick and Morty fanbase in this subreddit than I do actual memes about the show. I don't think the majority really care about the sauce that much, as is evident by the upvote count here.
Sure looks that way. I wonder if OP has anything to say for him/herself.
In the same way that modern day Nazis have the right to their screwed up beliefs, a video game has the right to call them screwed up.
So you're saying I should trust [this guy](http://i.imgur.com/ReO9jKN.png) instead?
I don't own guns, but if this happened I would definitely go to my gun-owning friends and buy some from them under the table. It's a win-win. They have less firearms to hide and I get guns that technically don't exist.
The new Bionicle movie looks awesome.
Yeah, anecdotally, my experience has been that casual feels a lot more sweaty now than it used to for some reason. 
Proper grammar and punctuation. 
Listening to music through expensive headphones. No, Beats don't count. Borrow a friend's set if you have to, but it's amazing. You will hear things that you never knew you were missing. 
You betcha.
Wear a suit and just go around saying "sorry!" to people.

You're a formal apology. 
I have the same plush! I'll be wearing my pony shirt as well. Have fun!
Just play Fuze on club house.
What you can do, however, is punch your castle wall 11 times so that as soon as you hear a cluster charge or an enemy on the other side you can smash that baby open and get yourself a free kill.
Don't answer your door. CNN is on their way, I can feel it in my bones.
I've had depression (mood and situation-based), but don't suffer from it half as much any more. My main struggle has been minor epilepsy. I get simple partial seizures and have had them progress a couple times in my life. Not fun. The only panic attacks I've had have been because of my epilepsy. 
Made me laugh, dang it. Have my upvote.
Predator. I can see why people like the sequel, but the remake and the AVP stuff is pretty unnecessary. 
Matrix.
Jumping the same height as yourself (or higher).
Alien. It's such a perfect build-up, and unlike most of the other movies in the series it actually gave you a reason to care about the characters. 
I'm still waiting for a phone that doesn't become basically ruined upon dropping it in normal conditions. This is something that's always bothered me. I get that cases and pretty designs make the big bucks, but I'd love a phone that's as durable as an old Nintendo device and isn't necessarily just designed for construction workers.
I'm still not sure if it's real or not but movie pass sounds great.
Don't feel bad. Enjoy yourself! Both my significant other and myself enjoy the show, and we're in our twenties. She reads and writes fiction too.
back up on PC
Yeah man, pm me.
I hate most episode critics of MLP. They do nothing but drive the show into the ground because it has some flaws here and there. They always seem so completely out of touch with the magic and innocence that makes the show great.
This. So many people associate the dying down of the fandom with a loss in quality, or Faust's departure with it, or an arbitrary season number like you said. I don't like looking at the show in seasons. That makes no sense. I just see episodes, good and bad in some spots.
Not sure how unpopular this is, but the CMC should have gotten the following cutie marks: Apple Bloom = Paint brush or other "creative" symbol. Scoots = Scooter. Sweetie Belle = Music note. And they should not have gotten ”matching" marks at all, just normal ones (though I do like the idea of them earning them at the same time). I liked the talents the writers implied in "Showstoppers" but instead they went with the lazy "applemark" and "RD mark" and only allowed Sweets to get any originality.
I do feel this way sometimes. I talk quite a bit with those who are interested in the same things as me and I feel are on my level in a shared-belief sense. But the difference I think is that I actually gain energy from going inside myself as opposed to gaining energy through others. I'm willing to expend energy for some people, but it's still expending energy.
Using an OT meme in r/prequelmemes ? How dare you.
http://www.politifact.com/global-news/statements/2016/mar/23/gayle-smith/did-we-really-reduce-extreme-poverty-half-30-years/

Plenty of research out there in addition, if you're interested in looking into it yourself.
Extreme poverty is steadily decreasing on a worldwide scale.
Drawing. It takes time and effort, though. Not everyone can draw by default, but pretty much anyone can learn.
Yo-yo.

Seriously it's so much fun.
Close-up card magic.
Not anything beyond simple cuts and stock effects, though.
I use Google Play Unlimited because I get it with YouTube Red. I love it so much. It's a great deal, too.
Ya don't know me, gurl.
My thoughts every time I see news about bendable phones:

Who in the world asked for this?
For digital art and potentially some types of  animation, yes, it's really good. For image manipulation, it's not as good as Photoshop.
Great, but it really doesn't matter. All flagships are pretty much lightning fast and nobody is using their phone to composite 3d animation or edit 4k video. Sorry, but the stats don't impress me when I don't notice the difference at all in real world use.
I absolutely hate this change as well. It's completely unnecessary and only half-fixes a problem. Maybe work on the "new servers" and the netcode instead of making Siege a shitty version of CS:GO.
My girl loves it, but I could take it or leave it. It's not awful, but I prefer the cheese/meat/veggies combo of most pizza. Fruit goes much better on other sweet stuff, like deserts. 
If you need to talk I'm available. Please don't give up.
V For Vendetta was a decent movie, but.....
If you're rock bottom and have nothing to lose, would you rather take a chance and try things that you were afraid of before, or lose out on every possibility of ever doing those things ever again?
Really? I love the autoplay feature for new Youtube tabs...
I would die for my family in a heartbeat. Anyone else? It depends.
It's called a liberal YouTube star.
I sent a link to a YouTube playlist with a full series of kid's cartoons I loved as a kid and I still love today. Turns out I wasn't sending it to an acquaintance, Mikayla. I was actually sending it to another girl I knew named Kayla. We've been dating since just before the summer as a result of me getting back in touch with her, though, so I guess that one worked out pretty good for me.
You have done us all a great service.
Good meme
>"Jokes, puns, and off-topic comments are not permitted in any comment, parent or child."

You broke the system.
Ok, so first things first, I maintain eye contact with the snail until it can be safely locked up, temporarily speaking. It needs a strong containment unit, but that part comes later.

...oh wait sorry wrong thread.
"Talking about talking about talking about talking."

-Communications 
Well said, my man. Moral dilemmas are fun to think on.
This is the life of someone with an SSD for a boot drive.
Dude, this is really, really sick.
What was the exact video?
Most book-to-movie adaptations.
Alien Covenant. The return of a legendary franchise with just enough incompetence to turn people away.
Lots of solar and wind energy solutions. Turns out with the tech we have it's just way too expensive to maintain compared to how much power you get. There's a reason we aren't operating completely on solar and air power right now. We have yet to perfect it.
Expensive, but practical and long-lasting shoes (eccos). T-shirts. Jeans. Those nice pairs of men's underwear. Black socks. Smart watch. Aaaand, ready to go.
When they wake up as you're watching them sleep.
Hung out with my girl finding benches around the neighborhood just to sit together and hold hands on them. We got a few people whooping at us from cars about how great we looked together. Watched the solar eclipse together too. It was wonderful.
PCMR for life
Thanks! 
I read the Bible in its entirety. I studied how it was put together, who wrote it, and how it was passed down through the centuries. I studied the person of Jesus Christ and the evidence for and against his existence as well as his resurrection detailed in the Bible. This brought me to the conclusion that the Bible is true and it ought to be treated as such. 
My girl. She's the best.
Play Philip Defranco's little ad about his "SPORTS" t-shirt on repeat.
We started dating a month before I came out here. We texted and called each other all summer. Lots of hand-written letters, too. It was so much fun and honestly laid the foundation for a solid start to our relationship. We both have been taking things pretty slow, so having this time separated was good. We both grew in different ways.

The resort I've been working at is right on the lake. Last weekend, she drove 10 hours just to visit me for a couple days. We made so many memories. First time holding hands as well as holding each other on this one specific bench in a little garden on the resort. Our initials are carved in the wood now. We canoed across the lake together and swam around, jumping off rocks and such. It was pretty surreal. She's the first girl I've really dated (I'm 20), and everything has been going so much better than I thought it might. She is truly a wonderful person.
Those naps where you truly have nothing to wake up to. No alarms, no work, no school, no one bothering you. Just in and out of a long, wonderful, trance-like sleep.
Hospitality/front desk work in the Adirondack mountains in New York. It's beautiful up here. I'm very close to Lake George, one of the cleanest lakes in the USA.
I mean, who would want to join the Mormon church if all their members have to tip using entire books?
The Nice Guys is a wonderful comedy.
I like browsing Hot Topic or FYE with friends sometimes. But that's about it. Too many advertisements and overpriced junk for my taste.
I second The Nice Guys. Great comedy/buddy cop flick. 
This is what's called playing in an orchestra.
"Good"
"Now that it's over
I just want to hold her"

- "Lucy" by Skillet
It would take me a while to come to grips with it. I am something of a hopeless romantic.
This right here. I never dated until recently because I never found someone I thought I would work well with. I'm so glad I waited. I was able to be satisfied in myself and resist love based on desperation. Now I'm dating a fantastic girl who makes me so happy and things have been great so far.
Thanks for the encouragement
The community is pretty cool, even today. There's an abnormal amount of people making art, music, and other stuff too. It's just nice to have so much more to experience in connection with the show. The community isn't the main reason I watch MLP, though. The actual show, while made for kids, is pretty self-aware and well-made from a technical and story perspective. I mean, at least I think so.
Cheap on Amazon
Ok then, Mr. Dictionary. Can I RAMBLE about my girlfriend?
Haha, you creeper. I just like a lot of western cartoons in general. MLP intrigued me due to it being one of the biggest nerd cultures in the past few years. I gave it a shot and turns out I love it! My girlfriend likes it too. We'll definitely be watching it together sometime soon. 

Too much introverted weirdness?
That's a great analogy.
Wording requests in a way that enables the other person and validates their ability is more appealing.  "Can you hand me your credit card?" sounds a lot nicer than "Can I take your credit card?"
When having a persuasive argument with someone, you can always get yourself out of a pickle by asking them to clarify what they mean.

For example, if they ask you a difficult question, try asking what they mean by the words they used. This dissects it down to really easy talking points and is completely inoffensive. If they make a statement to you, ask what they mean by it. Most of the time people jump at the opportunity to explain their ideas and in doing so analyze them to such an extent that they start to discover the flaws in their own line of thinking. It's a beautiful thing to watch. 
When trying to sleep, I used to drive myself nuts focusing on my breathing and heartrate. Now I just don't resist and instead allow myself to think about it. You'd be surprised how quickly a thought can pass when you accept it and move on. I sleep easier now.
Maybe try r/explainlikeimfive/
My Little Pony.
You did this to yourself, bro.
Nocturnal Animals. The kidnapping scene gets me. It hurts so much to watch.
Watch the musical for a much more in-depth, honest, and heart-wrenching look at this couple's story.
Those who never check their email, and those who check it within the hour. 
Staple removers. They look so overkill for their intended purpose.
Is math related to science?
Gen z who can't afford a computer with a 64 bit OS.
As a child, pulling off a scab.
I love physical touch. Probably too much. I always reign it in, though, to the point where I come across as a normal person to friends and maybe stand-off-ish to strangers. Seriously though, I have annoyed my brothers by leaning on them. I touch people's arms and such during conversations. I hug my mom multiple times a day. I just had my first romantic hand-holding and bench-cuddling experience this past weekend (I'm 20), and it was the greatest thing ever. I can't stop thinking about it. It's definitely my first love language (if you believe in those). Not characteristic of my type, I know, but I'm not shy about it.
I knew, ya bloody rascal, I just wanted to be a bit cheeky. ;)
*honorable*

Grammar Nazi who likes a challenge.
To be fair, sometimes this is because they just want to cut off the answering machine and call again to see if you were simply late to your phone. But if you reject the call immediately, most people should know that you aren't available atm.
Got mad that a comment chain had formed, and decided to break things up a bit.
TL;DR: yes.
A regular clown.
Loaded question.
Watched the original "Willy Wonka and The Chocolate Factory" with your son, Georgie, while on acid and never got the bubble scene out of your head.
A regular moose.
Watched Jurassic Park as a teen and simultaneously discovered Reddit.
Used to be very accurate, not gonna lie.

For you: Decided that nobody was gonna tell a street sign what to do and what not to do but himself, so he took up a keyboard and joined Reddit.
Did you have a "psychotic episode" when making your username?
Why should I believe you right now?

https://www.reddit.com/r/askgaybros/comments/6rkdcl/we_need_to_start_killing_conservatives/
HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA

https://www.reddit.com/r/askgaybros/comments/6rkdcl/we_need_to_start_killing_conservatives/
Garfield got desperate when Jon finally decided to stop buying Lasagna.
They aren't necessarily. "Gay rights" is a very broad term, too. There are more conservatives that are fine with gays than there are conservatives who are against them. 
How I'm always guilty until proven innocent when it comes to rational discussion. I'm white, male, middle-class, conservative, Christian, and I don't support or am still undecided about plenty of issues most Redditors blast people for not agreeing on. It gets old sometimes. I'm really not here to make people mad. I just want to learn things about the world like you do.
Read lots of well-written books.
Trump, Pence, Mattis, and PewDiePie.

All the shitposters.
Inception.
Yeah, the mini-checkouts at jewelry and sporting goods are always poorly manned, it seems.
Increase friend with good speak, happy mouth, and arm attack.
Walnut would win, but the Avocado would ultimately live longer and have the moral superiority. 
Good distinction. Yeah, I usually go to my local super-Walmart later in the day and use the empty self-checkout, so I don't have those issues very often.
Same. You get what you pay for. They're cheap, so the service is necessarily minimal.
I love me some Battlefield or Titanfall 2.
Why do you hate Walmart?
My dad has worked in tech for the majority of his life and he is pretty adamant about putting two spaces after every period.  It annoys the heck out of me.  I mean, we don't use typewriters anymore, right?  Isn't two spaces redundant and meaningless?  
Well made shitpost, good sir.
That quiet, humble intelligence that follows some girls. It makes them easy to talk with and humbling to serve. It's incredibly rare, but I've found one who definitely has it, and she's absolutely amazing. 
Do not worry for your fellow kind. I will keep her from the spooky.
I'm a redhead, and yes, the carpet does indeed match the drapes. It's an even more intense color than the hair on my head.
Man, the username convenience is strong tonight.
Haha, defensive hugging.
Good ol' physical touch. I love it too.
But be clear with her about it. If you set up a situation like this expecting to vent, but in reality presenting it as an advice question, don't be surprised when she gives you advice. Just be honest. "Hun, can you just hear me out for a sec? I need to vent." Expectations matter a lot.
My girl gets scared very easily, so she'd probably elbow me if I did that to her. Gotta announce my presence first.
My girl dislikes nicknames, so I imagine she likes this too.
If they're the dominant one, maybe allow the man to show some more leadership or initiation as a change of pace. For me, my girl is the less dominant one in our relationship, and I appreciate when she breaks out of that and initiates things every once in a while. Gotta share the load, ya know?
The alternative is saying that there is no God, in which case nobody has any more obligation to care about the practice of eating animals. If you can eat them and you want to eat them, just do it. Why is it wrong? Because other people think so? Screw em. No God means no morals expect those you make for yourself.
Never. God gave us meat to be eaten. I'm gonna eat it.
Gonna be that religious nut, but definitely my Bible.

These ecco shoes are pretty great too, though.
The satisfaction of memorizing exactly how much with tax a net costed at the dollar store (yes, I know). When I was little I bought them to hunt frogs from local ponds.
A Nokia 3310.
Forget And Not Slow Down by Relient K
I wasn't unpopular. I just wasn't popular. Didn't care to be the center of attention. 
Ok smarty pants, what kind *were* they?
Spicy sweet chili Doritos. I can't resist them.
Thanks for being open to my opinion. I totally get that they're a bit of an unnecessary luxury, but I love them and use mine all the time. :)
I always go to Philippians 4:6-7.

"do not be anxious about anything, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known to God. And the peace of God, which surpasses all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus."
I'd look into investments to supplement the job. 
Unless you so much as breathe near r/the_Donald 
Gotta disagree. While most smartwatches are just trying to put a small phone on your wrist, other solutions like Pebble were trying to make a genuinely useful watch with complimentary features as opposed to redundant ones. I use my Pebble to detect my sleep patterns and wake me up at a good time via vibration. I use it for Google maps so I don't need to drain my phone battery, buy a mount, or listen to voice directions. I use it to remotely take pictures. I use it for replying via voice to text messages and sometime emails. I use it for remote music control, as a tasker button, and other stuff too. It's not for everyone, but it has plenty of uses that you can't get just with a phone or regular watch. 
I've always gotten these weird "feelings" ever since I was a kid. They would come on in the form of strong nostalgia, dread, and a hint of anxiety, but they only ever lasted about 10 seconds, occurring once every month or so. I didn't give it much thought. 

Turns out I was experiencing a mild form of epilepsy. I was having "Simple Partial Seizures." I didn't discover this until I collapsed on the floor and my family woke me up. I looked up my symptoms and found out that a simple partial seizure had progressed to a complex partial seizure. This happened once more and after lots of doctor visits with extremely little help, my mom tried some tips she got from other people who had overcome epilepsy with the help of diets and such. A year later and I'm back off all diets and haven't had a complex partial seizure since. I still get those weird simple partial ones, though, but not as bad. It's something I can live with now that it's under control.
"I'd rather forget and not slow down than gather regret for the things I can't change now"

-Relient K, "Forget And Not Slow Down"
What a shill. Why so interested in fronting an agenda with American stats instead of answering a simple question about Africa?
Naw, man.
You mean the arcade?
(Edgy internal dialogue warning. This is more of a "note to self.")

I'm struggling with the dialogue at the end between Wong and Rick. I find myself to be in a similar situation to Rick. Not in that I am a pickle, but that I view myself and my intelligence as both an unstoppable force and an inescapable curse. (I know, I'm an arrogant asshole. Feel free to ignore me.) I love being able to predict things around me and control my own little world to some extent, but at the same time I'm incredibly bored by "work" that I feel is beneath my abilities and desires. In some cases, especially when the "work" is really taxing on me emotionally, I would rather just die (read: escape). I do have some self-destructive tendencies, not in a suicidal sense but more in a "fuck everyone, here's the truth" sense. I would sometimes be fine with sacrificing my reputation and position in life in order to escape the boring "work" of what has become a routine, nagging on my subconscious. There's a part of me that hates that nagging so much that I would be fine just letting my ego run free, abusing anyone in my path for the sake of my own judgement of what is worth my interest. 

The only problem is that with that approach to life I would eventually be alone and still unable to reach exactly what I want out of this world. I don't want to just be in control. Complete control is impossible anyhow; people can only be manipulated so far and reality only bends as much as my arms can handle before giving out. I'm not a god. I want more meaningful things than control anyways. I want to be loved. I want to love. I want to connect with people mentally and spiritually. I want to serve God. I want to make the most of the time I have and fulfill my natural needs as a human as well as help others fulfill those needs. I want to discover the truth about people, about God, about reality, and to pass that truth on to those after me so that they will be better equipped to live in this world. I want to do what most people want to do: make the world a better place. At the end of the day, being a narcissistic asshole doesn't accomplish that as effectively as I would like. There's nothing wrong with trying different things and removing myself from negative situations, but raising my own standards as high as my impossibly large ego will only make me miserable in the end. Sometimes suffering through stupid shit can lead to something or someone truly worthwhile on the other side. That right there makes it worth it to accept an imperfect, shitty world instead of trying to dominate it by sheer force. 

Darn you, Rick and Morty...
Solid recommendation. So I take it you use the 990s at your home setup and your M50s when traveling?
I have the ATH-M50x. Is there any worth in upgrading to these babies?
I hear ya! PM me your email or another method of sending the file and I can probably get it to you tonight. I assume you would like the fixed version.
It depends on your setup. If you have it configured like most people do, where you can move your mouse freely between the screens, then in Windows 10 the "span" setting should allow a large image to span the width of the two monitors.
I love that insult
I want my own Tedison.
Pen clicking.
Truth doesn't adapt. It's constant. I too constantly reassess myself, but I aim for the truth. I cling to it.
Does this mean the account of money used from the budget to enforce the regulations?
I wholeheartedly agree, and it remains one of my absolute favorites for those reasons. I am not yet a father, but I have a soft spot for a daughter someday if the Lord wills and I truly empathized with the parental bond the movie appealed to. Of course, I can still see how some people might not enjoy it, but I definitely did and it makes me smile to know that it touched you in perhaps an even more meaningful way.
I agree. The CGI is pretty impressive, but that's where it stops for me. It relies on spectacle to cover up a really bland, uninteresting story.
I wasn't really interested in this one, but maybe that's due to the fact I was surviving a headache through the last half. 
I can't believe how well received the sequel was... I mean, come on, we get ANOTHER shallow, short-lived villain. We get MORE crazy, non-tangible CGI sequences. And much of the humor centered around the cheap nonsense that is baby groot.
Same. But I guess I can see where people are coming from. It had some issues plot-wise, and I can understand how some people might not like the ending.
Titanic. It's a technological and film-making achievement for sure, but it's ruined by the cheesy, textbook love story. The worst part is that there are so many spectacular stories one could use from real life, but no, they had to go with the typical Romeo and Juliet throwaway smooch-fest.
Because of loaded questions like this one.
That is exactly why I looked into Christianity for real. I was sick of the obligation without the desire. I am definitely aware of that pressure. When I came to the conclusion that the Bible is truth, that had nothing to do with "oh well I guess I have an excuse to not feel guilty about church." If you found what logically seemed to be the truth, would you follow it regardless?
Awesome! That's what I thought. I have a Twilight from them.
What brand?
Thanks
It might look like it, but I definitely did not. The easy path would have been to give up entirely on religion without giving it a chance. The easy path would have been to keep going to church without caring what I believed in.
It is most certainly a loaded question (the mods agree apparently). It's a broad, sweeping generalization of a movement of various individuals. The idea that cigarettes cause cancer is scientifically provable. The idea that feminism is toxic is an opinion. 

Call it what you like, but it has nothing to do with the freedom of speech.
No, it's not. The reason for disallowing this question is because it is a loaded question, NOT because it's related to feminism. 

No, they haven't. Freedom of speech is not the same as freedom to be heard. If a privately owned website doesn't allow certain activity, they haven't removed any rights. They simply applied rules to their private community. If you went up on stage in church and screamed profanities, they will ask you to leave. Not because they want to take away your rights, but because it's not public property and they can tell you to leave regardless. 
But it's not agenda-based in this case. Chill. Nobody's removing freedom of speech.
It's not exactly censorship. Just rules of one particular Reddit community.
Loaded question. 
Logically and subjectively, yes, I agree. But your question assumes a conclusion. Nobody can answer without agreeing with your premise. This isn't helpful for open discussion. From the AskReddit rules:

> "Rhetorical and loaded questions will also be removed. Posts asking users to shame or call out specific people or groups of people will be removed because they lead to witchhunting rather than discussion."

While you aren't witch-hunting, you're certainly making a bold, assuming statement about a group of people and therefore presenting a loaded question. 
Snake Eyes by Savant.
It's still a loaded question. You're assuming the toxicity of feminism. You can't ask "why do you think people ignore how awful pepsi is?" and expect people to see it as a completely neutral inquiry. 
The old BBC Narnia films. They were so bad and I can't take them seriously even today, but the memories are great.
Mad Max: Fury Road. It's just so watchable even when I'm tired or otherwise not in my usual "movie-watching" mood.
I love the Prestige and Drive, which tells me I might want to check out Moon.
Biased question, here. Sorry, bro. I agree that modern-day feminism is pretty awful but I am compelled to report the thread.
Almost never. Only if I'm bored and otherwise stuck with people (work, classes). If they initiate I'll gladly talk with them.
Interrogation scene in "The Dark Knight" gets me every time. Modern classic, that one.
> I'm convinced that only <1% of Christianity has made the effort of reading the bible from front to bank.

Yeah, I would not be surprised. Many fellow Christians I've met haven't read it completely. Seems to me that if you really believed a book was 100% true you might make it a priority. Of course, the logical approach is the reverse. Why trust in a book you haven't read?
This is one of the cutest things I've ever heard.
There are "Lamborghini" brand smartphones that cost thousands but have the performance and specs of a Nexus 4.
That's very encouraging to hear. Sounds like we got lucky, cause things have been wonderful between my girl and I over the past few months. Then again, while she is technically INFJ and I am technically INTJ, we both lean towards the middle of the T/F part. She gets annoyed at her emotions and I tend to be more emotional than most INTJs.
This is important. My ITFJ girlfriend absolutely hates when issues aren't fully resolved. She would much rather "pull off the band-aid" and get all the feelings and frustrations out there and in the open, rather than just "making up" and moving past it.
Both of these comments are encouraging to me. My girlfriend of a few months is an INFJ and things have been going so well, but the whole contrast of our personalities has been one thing I've worried about.
I hadn't heard of Aaron Sorkin until now, but I might take a look.

Thanks! It was a fantastic role. The song is still a favorite of mine.
I was raised Christian, but I got sick of going through the motions and attending church without reason, so I decided that I would research and read the Bible in order to find out if it was true or not. After reading it front to back and doing a lot of independent research, I came to the conclusion that the Bible is truth and I should be treating it as such.

I know this doesn't make me a typical INTJ (or redditor), but I really have tried to go about Christianity in a logical way. I am very content knowing the truth about God and living that out, but it's not a religion (legalism) for me, it's just how the world works. I wouldn't care at all for Christianity if it just meant church, but it's so much more than that. At the same time, I don't shove it down people's throats and I'm always open to discussion.

And if you're wondering why I haven't really read other religious texts, it's mostly because the God of Christianity declares himself to be the one and only true God. This idea permeates the Bible and much evidence is brought up to support the fact that the God of the Bible is the only real God. No other "god" has anything of substance to prove their power. But don't think this completely deters me from reading other texts. I am reading the Koran at the moment and plan on reading others after that. I am genuinely curious as to what they have to say.
No sports pls. My girlfriend was so glad to find that my "thing" wasn't sports.
Interesting... I got sick of church life when I was young and decided to read the Bible and research it to figure out if it was worth my time or not. I came to the firm conclusion that it is the truth and that it does make sense as a whole. But to each their own, of course.
Cat person. Much less responsibility, and I like their personalities more.
I'm in a musical right now! I'm Gaston in "Beauty and The Beast." But the musical I love most might be Pirates of Penzance. I played the Major General for that one a few years back.
Heck yeah, I'll save your comment for later. I love punk rock every once in a while. Relient K for life! From one musician to another, props.
**Relationship:**

I cannot believe how well things have been going between my girl and I. We're just perfect for each other. I haven't noticed any red flags, and both of us are on the cautious side, so we've been taking things pretty slow and careful. I've been away all summer working and when I get back for school I cannot wait to hang with her. :)
Can't listen right now (at work), but congrats! That's a huge accomplishment getting that many people working together to create something cool.
37
I use Poweramp for my local library and Gplay for anything I want to listen to or download as part of my subscription. 
I've never had the inclination to give anybody a rat's ass to begin with...
That sounds awful. I had a friend who had grand mal seizures for a while, but he eventually grew out of it. I've only dealt with the "auras" as you call them. I had to use video games as a distraction, because otherwise I'd be hyper-aware of my breathing and surroundings while also feeling hazy like I was inside a dream.
My first real relationship started a couple months ago, but before that I had never dated anyone all 20 years of my life. I was pretty lonely in my teens, but I grew to be content with just enjoying figuring out life on my own. I guess part of it was the distraction of responsibilities and life changes, honestly. It was wonderful having all my free time to myself to find what music I liked, what career interested me, and how I should navigate relationships with coworkers and colleagues. I didn't have to worry about anyone else; it was freeing. I could be truly alone both physically and in my own head. That's something you lose when you're in love with someone. That other person never really leaves your subconscious once they're planted there. That's why it hurts so much when they uproot themselves and leave. You forget how to think without them. 
Epilepsy. It's not just grand mal seizures. There's a lot more possible ways it can affect you.

Every once in a while I get 10-20 second "episodes" where I get a strong sense of deja vu and nostalgia, followed by the feeling that I'm trapped in a nightmare. This lasts only a very short time, however. An hour later I'll remember that I had it, but immediately after it happens everything is a blur. These are called "simple partial seizures," and if they're bad they can become "complex," ending with you blacking out. It's only happened to me twice but it scared the crap out of my family. One time, for reasons no doctor could explain to me, I felt like I was in a dream for two weeks. It was as if I had an episode and it just didn't stop. Still freaks me out thinking about it.
I feel the same way. There have been times when I can't really explain something to someone due to the lack of a proper, relatable example that both of us understand fully. It's frustrating. 
I use analogies all the time when thinking out loud around others. It's like an addiction. I try not to get bogged down in the details, though, because no analogy is perfect. It's only useful up to a point.
Isolate a human baby and set up mechanisms to care for them into adolescence without any human contact at all. See how they respond. Do they go crazy? Is their brain developed differently? Do they make up for the lack of social interaction in other ways or does it ruin them? Knowing how social we tend to be after we've had family/friends, it'd be interesting to see if we're aware we need it when we've never seen another human.
This game was my childhood. My dad taught me well.
I watch My Little Pony.
I love this album, but it feels almost "safer" than some of my favorite stuff from them in the past. I do miss their older sound. There are a few tracks here that feel very different. Not that it detracts from AFF's experience much, though. I think every track has a great musical quality to it. There aren't any throwaway or "skip" songs. Lots of wonderful, deep lyrics to contemplate and plenty of catchy melodies. It feels like they took the spirit of "Collapsible Lung" (the song) and the nostalgic feel of their older stuff and tried to mature it to come up with AFF.
For parents, sudden infant death syndrome.
Gravity Falls is wonderful. :)
We knew each other in orchestra in high school. During my sophomore year of college I hit her up on Facebook and we got super chatty. Now we've been dating for a couple months and the more I learn about her, the more I like her. :)
Reddit. Video games. Catching up on older movies I never saw for some reason. Movies in theaters alone (so much more peaceful unless your showing is super crowded). Books. Journal. Poetry. Screen-writing. Voice acting. Listening to music on nice headphones and really focusing on the music. Binge-watching old children's cartoons from my childhood or new shows I haven't caught up on. Graphic design. Learning songs on my instruments. Lots and lots of singing.
If I didn't have 64 GB of storage on my smartphone I might buy an iPod.
Portal 2 felt more like sound design than music, but it was great.
Undertale is amazing. There are a few really worthy fan albums out there.
Over The Garden Wall. It's a Cartoon Network miniseries and it's absolutely breathtaking.
One time at Culver's, the guys in the kitchen used our real cheddar cheese and deep fried it to make much better cheese curds. Tasted amazing.
Welcome to Reddit.
Yeah, I think among other things Rick himself is just SO much more incoherently drunk and it makes for a lot less of the intelligent humor that the show became known for later on.
There was a girl at camp years ago who had heard that a close relative passed away. She was in tears and pretty frantic. I had no idea who she was, but I hugged her and asked her what she needed. She wanted to find a specific camp leader who was a family friend, so I spent the next 20 minutes or so running around with a mission. When I finally found him he came out to her and prayed with her. I prayed too. It was really sweet.
I Know That Voice!

It has something for everyone, because we all grew up on the voice actors behind the animations.
Gotta say, I love it regardless, but the pilot for Rick and Morty is completely different in tone compared to the rest of the show. Quite a few of my friends turned away from the show because they didn't like the pilot, but later gave it a chance after seeing other episodes.
What we'd do in horrible situations. So many think they would be the hero or that they'd be able to respond appropriately to begin with. In reality, a lot of us would be unable to function or we'd just protect ourselves.
How you're doing today.

Hey, how are you actually doing today?
Inception. Interstellar. La La Land. Etc...

I cry for two reasons. Either it's so beautiful and powerful that it really gets me, or it's romantic/parental. 
That I don't have evil intentions by disagreeing with their political ideas. For example, many liberals believe that socialized healthcare is a solution to the problem of poor or unaffordable healthcare. Just because I'm against socialism doesn't mean I want to keep people from getting treatment. I simply have a different solution in mind as to how we accomplish that. 
There's gonna be so many people getting lanyards at room 205 at the next Comic-Con....
I thought of this one too. It was my first "scary" movie my dad let me watch I think.
Thanks for the ideas! These are good because he'd be able to see them on the big screen. I'll see if any of them work.
Naw, we're probably one of the most religious, homeschooled, conservative families you'll meet. He's only seen fists in the context of lightsaber battles with his brothers. Source: am brother.
Rice.
Username confirmed.
The Screwtape Letters by C. S. Lewis. Very easy to pick up. The chapters are short and are written in the form of letters from a demon to his student about how to best seduce humanity away from God and into politics, war, and everyday irritations. It's an interesting book.
For choir nerds, "Seal Lullaby" is absolutely gorgeous. 
This is what's called a keyboard to chair connection problem.
Their browser's URL bar.
Toenail clippers. Most people (including myself at a young age) try to carve their nails into a perfect curved shape, but this is bad because it leads so easily to ingrown toenails. Instead, [Mayo Clinic recommends](http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/ingrown-toenails/manage/ptc-20273076) you clip your nails flat.
EDM.

Heart by Savant.
The Prestige.
Get participation medals. 
I hate trying to stab leaves. When I get a salad, I usually just eat spinach raw with my hands. It's easier, faster, and I end up with less calories because I never use dressing.
Planetside 2. Open world MMO FPS. The sheer scale of battles is absolutely breathtaking. 
High quality audio. Ever since discovering r/headphones and the audiophile scene, I get visibly upset when people brag about how great their Beats sound. THERE IS SO MUCH BEAUTY IN MUSIC IF YOU ONLY WANTED TO DISCOVER ITTTT.
Nice shoes. Having feet that are balanced and comfortable the whole day while also not having to buy new shoes every 3 months has been absolutely wonderful. I wear Eccos. They were worth every penny.
Facebook just made videos autoplay with audio on their app.
Deleted. Thanks.
Nolan. I truly love his style of film-making and the way he writes.
Saw them in Indiana for the first time a few months ago. My life was complete for a day.
Heck yes. We dated because we had so much more in common than just interests. 

No offense to pones, but I wouldn't date someone just for the horse factor.
I wish you the best.
Because orange, obviously. 

Jk, she likes Twi the best, like me.
There is hope. Over the years, I had two of my crushes move halfway across the country before finding a girl who liked me back. Things have been great so far. :)
I liked it a lot. Very enjoyable and fun. I liked Parker more than I thought I would, but I still felt his quirks were a bit forced at times (usually for gags). I really did not like Flash or M.J. They were not interesting or threatening at all, and only served for some long-running jokes that weren't as funny as intended. I loved Ned. It was wonderful having him on screen, even if some of his one-liners weren't amazing. I've come to expect shallow, exaggerated villains from Marvel at this point, and the Vulture was no different. I did not see the twist coming, though. That was interesting.

I think I missed my "classic" Spidey in this movie. They removed so much of the old Spiderman for the sake of the MCU. No origin story, mixing up or removing classic characters (Aunt May, Flash, Osborns, MJ/Gwen, etc), VERY enhanced suit made by Stark, not Parker, and a plot entirely dependent on other MCU movies for you to really appreciate it fully. Some of this I didn't mind much. Another drawn out Ben death scene with a rephrasing of "With great power comes great responsibility" would have been unnecessary in this context. Trying a different love interest was a smart move. After so many Spiderman movies, it's nice to have a change of pace. The only problem with this approach is that you get a film that doesn't feel grounded (pun not intentional). It's so dependent on the MCU that you really can't watch this as an isolated Spiderman movie and walk away with a complete experience. It's undeniably an MCU movie starring Spiderman, and once you're able to move past that and accept it, it's a pretty great movie.
I loved the tone of the movie. It was very well made. A lot of work went into every single scene to make it as good as it could be. My only major gripes would be that the villain isn't nearly as compelling as he could have been, and at times it felt a bit slow or lingering for no reason. Other than that, I loved it. A worthy conclusion to a surprising trilogy.
I'm definitely not the most attractive guy from an aesthetic standpoint. Face isn't anything similar to what most people consider stereotypically attractive, but I'm not ugly either. I have a bit of a belly, but I'm pretty muscular and stocky, so it's ok. I don't worry much about my physical attributes, although I do keep an eye on my belly. I try much much harder to be a socially intelligent and caring person in one-on-one encounters. It's gotten me a girlfriend at the moment, so hey, I'm not complaining.
She's one of the only friends of mine who are really intrigued by chess, so I haven't played consistently in years. I know the struggle, my man.
Try "Over the Garden Wall"
I hate the intensity and religious culture behind the more popular sports, but I honestly love playing sports when it's something I enjoy. I have asthma, so things like vollyball and archery are much more attractive to me than football or basketball. 
I want the best person for me, but I realize perfection doesn't exist. In fact, I would hate to be with someone "perfect" even if it was possible. I want someone I can grow with and who can learn from me while I learn from them. That, I believe, is a huge part of what makes marriages last decades. Being willing to learn from each other is so important. Beyond that, I have my preferences, but I'm still wrestling with how much I'm willing to sacrifice supposedly "menial" standards of physical attraction in order to settle with someone who is mentally and spiritually in line with where I am in life. My head tells me that beauty doesn't last the years, but the person behind the body will. On the other hand... if they don't turn me on, it probably isn't going to work.
On our last date before being separated for the summer, my girlfriend and I had a super intense game. It was great. She beat me, too. We were sitting there staring at the board without much conversation for at least an hour and a half. She's an INFJ.
Ha! Thanks, it's the thought that counts. Monkeys are cool.
Haha, yeah, that's me alright. ;)
No, it got a regular, hyped-up, AAA-style release.
I always get the same, boring, simple, practical cut. But this time, I'm growing it out for a musical I'm starring in. I'm playing Gaston in Beauty and the Beast.
At least stop jogging to take the pic.
It does look pretty great. If the tech were a bit more matured by now, I would love to own a Tesla also. They're pretty amazing machines.
Nice ride! I drive my dad's old '03 Honda Civic. I love it so much. I've driven other Civics in the past and it's the most reliable, gas-efficient car I've ever seen. I think my dream car would be the most updated, reliable version of the Civic. It's just so practical.
Subnautica called...
[Ragdoll Avalanche 2!](http://www.freewebarcade.com/game/ragdoll-avalanche-2/)

It's so simple, but it's fairly challenging. Give it a shot!
I'm not super ugly, but I'm no Harry Styles. I got the girl with my hair and my intellect. She likes my red hair swoosh and how I'm able to really dig deep with conversations and challenge her. We're weird.
First I've heard of this. That's fascinating and explains a lot about different learning styles.
Thanks so much! I'll get to work on this right after my shift today.
That sounds like a good idea. Will Audacity work for this or will I need a plug-in?
Thanks. That sucks. I probably won't be listening to these songs much then. :(
Same issue on my end.
>*because Nintendo doesn't understand supply and demand.

FTFY
Thanks so much. I really appreciate the tips and perspective. I've been away for the summer, so hopefully that will give us plenty to talk about in the fall, though we have been messaging quite a bit. :)
A lot of people are saying it's dumb to lie about going to the bathroom, but I do understand why you'd do that. Sometimes at work I'll go to the bathroom just to get a few moments alone and maybe check my phone. It really depends on the situation. A lot of times I'll just bow out without telling anyone.
You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy.
Why on earth? I love this feature. :(
Cool of you to do this. :)
r/Undertale is leaking
Doesn't OP3t have OIS?
I still don't understand this. Is it basically lag between when you touch the screen and see the action performed? I haven't noticed this on my OP3t. Is it just the 3?
I'm glad you found it so useful!
Is this exclusive to 3? I have a 3t and am wondering if it might affect my device.
Thanks!

I'll have to give some "Two Steps From Hell" a try, then. :)
I decided to get two, because the shipping was about the same and I'm not going to wait another 3 weeks to get a second pair should I want them.

Man, they sound fantastic. Yeah, the bass suffers a bit but beyond that they are amazingly clear for 5 bucks. I am so happy with my purchase.
Kid's cartoons. 

Gravity Falls, Steven Universe, My Little Pony, Amazing World of Gumball, Redwall, and Regular Show are some of my faves.
Sounds good. I salute you, sir! I don't know if you consider it "hero worship" or not but I seriously respect anybody who has the balls to go into the military. It's one of the most important bodies protecting our way of life in this country. Thank you for your service!

My uncle has a pretty high rank in the Navy so he talks a lot about his experiences there. He's retiring in a year or so too and he is so ready for it.

[](/abeqarmy)
Do they do any kind of ceremony for you depending on your rank or is it just a send-off and a quick salute?

[](/applebloomperplexity)

> So it's official...

My thoughts: "Bandalo actually became Big Mac, didn't he?"
[](/abbucketfall)

True. What if they're a decoy snail?
Kicked out of class for disagreeing with the professor. I didn't call him names or blow up or anything. I simply stood my ground and he kept pushing the issue.
Stuff out of their control. 

"I was born in America!" ....So? Why does it matter?

"I'm *insert race here!" ...True. You're still human like all of us.

"My parents are rich/famous/etc!" ...Cool, but who cares?
"Their" sports team. You did nothing, you're literally a spectator and play no part in whether they won or lost. Why are you bragging about it?
Very much so far. I loved the Canadian cartoon series when I was a kid, so reading the source material is wonderful. It's refreshing having a story with heroes, villains, and pure emotion, as opposed to the frustrating trend of "edgy" or "deep" characters fiction has so much of now.
I understand the complaint. The motor on the 3t is weak, for sure. But I notice it fairly well, and that's all I need. Maybe others can't feel it, but I can for some reason.
Deathnote. Stop when you think it's over. It keeps going, but we don't talk about those episodes.
When they attempt to replicate old, successful episodes or storylines with new settings or characters that aren't half as compelling. 
Redwall. The classic by Brian Jacques.
Or maybe Ghostbusters was a terrible movie.
Wonderfully organized! Well done. I'd be happy to see this updated as discoveries are made.
All I could think about was this: http://i.imgur.com/X9IaiEE.gifv
The whole time I was watching the video, all I could think of was [this.](http://i.imgur.com/X9IaiEE.gifv)
Are you secretly an old grandma who just wants to use her fortune for smiles and bake cookies all day long?
This idiotic software model is why I've never considered Samsung as an option. I'd go for a Motorola or Pixel before ever considering the big two rivals. Thanks for giving your first-hand thoughts.
TO THE TOP, TO THE VERY TOP!

congrats man :)
That's annoying. I would expect a simple return in the mail and subsequent coupon.
That's unfortunate. Why didn't they accept warranty? That seems fishy. Even Skullcandy has accepted all my warranties in the past.
I've heard that they break easily. Is it mostly cable issues? The build quality seems really solid.
> The developer community for OnePlus has never been stronger!

Gotta give /r/LineageOS a shoutout here.
Mine are in the mail! I've been having fun with my Brainwavz Deltas in the meantime.
I must know. How does it propel itself? I've never in my life seen anything like this. The closest I remember was that gimmicky water-propelled thing that went 10 feet in the air.
Reporting in 3... 2...  Oh snap that's great. :)
Wow, thank you so much! I hope you were able to get things back up and running fairly quickly. I really appreciate the gold! I'll get to making good use of it right away. :)
Thanks so much, u/Judgeman2021!!! I'm so glad this will help you out! :)
It's so cool to meet you! Thank you so much. This site was great to find when I was first looking into voice work. It provides a suitably amateur environment for people of all ages to come together and make fun little projects! I've also seen a few high-profile ones too. Good luck building it further! I wish you all the best.
No problem! Glad to spread the word. :)
I know the feeling. :)
I feel ya. It's a VERY open site, meaning everyone can and does use it. Just spend a bit of time looking for the featured projects and you'll find some here and there that are worth auditioning for. That, or upgrade to a paid option like https://voice123.com/.
Yeah, there's a lot of nonsense on the site, but that's the point; anyone can use it. Just subscribe to their email list and check the featured projects every once in a while and you'll find a few that are more professional in nature.
Thank you very much for doing so! Seeing [Voice123](https://voice123.com/) and other paid platforms was really intimidating when I was getting into amateur voice acting. :)
Haha, good luck mate. :)
No problem! :)
No problem! If you want some YouTube resources on mics and such, hit me up!
Not a whole lot honestly. It has the option for paid gigs but you'll want to go to a paid platform like https://voice123.com/ to get the real money.
I love it too, glad you've had a good experience with it!
I use the Audio Technica AT2020 XLR mic with the Scarlett 2i2 audio interface. Make sure to pick up a pop filter too.
https://voice123.com/

This is a much more professional, paid service if you're interested. 
Ah yes.
Yeah, at this point I'm expecting tomorrow or the 15th.
wow thanks
Camera?
Not that I've seen, though I'm sure some musicians could use the chords to create a piece for piano.
Look, I'm not interested in anything serious.
Naw bro I'm with ya
I imagine it's like states for us.
Getting from the kitchen to the bedroom without hurting yourself...

...in the dark.
Throwing a used tissue 4 feet into the garbage.
> Blowing vape in someone's face.

FTFY
Do you need any paperwork or are most borders loose like that?
https://www.reddit.com/

Like Facebook, but with less stupid people and more people who think they know everything there is to know.
https://www.castingcall.club/

Voiceover and voice acting projects, but it's pretty much all volunteers and amateurs. You'll find lots of YouTube projects and fan-dubs on here. Go nuts!
https://gab.ai/home

Basically Twitter, but without the censorship.
https://chordify.net/

It's the absolute best tool for taking any song off YouTube and turning it into chords. It uses an algorithm, so it's not 100% accurate, but it will help you figure the song out if you can't find the chords for it on Ultimate Guitar.
Correlation is not causation. 
Y'all.

It's also a very practical word in today's world of crazy grammar police and political connotations. 
"And in case I don't see ya...
Congrats on nearly reaching the top post of r/gaming!
I'm sure there are well-meaning people in the group, but on the whole, it's a shitshow. Any potentially helpful ideas they may have are completely overridden by their mass hysteria and destruction.
Ubisoft... bringing gamers together since 1986.
Gotta get that ubi-fiber.
Wow guys it looks like a turd from the side.
Make it happen, Reddit!
Gotta give props for the creativity here.
> no one cares what you think.

Oh, and people care a great deal about what you think do they? Do you hear yourself?

It is a fact that OnePlus attracted their initial customers based on small margins and not because of a recognizable brand. The people who bought their products were interested in price/performance, NOT having the OnePlus logo. Nowadays, they have built themselves up as a reputable brand, so it makes sense that they would up the prices. This doesn't mean that their initial consumer base just disappeared. There are still plenty of people out there (like me) who value well-priced phones. Sorry you're too conceited to see that.
Holy shit, I JUST said that it does indeed have value TO SOME PEOPLE. Did you not read what I wrote? There are tons of people like me who are not interested in fashion at all. Then there are people who value it. Why is that so hard to comprehend? When you make a good product with reasonable margins, you have the potential to attract both crowds.
Not to me. I don't care what logo is on the thing. I just want something good for the price. There are plenty of people out there with a similar mindset. There are also millions of people who love their brands, so yes, to *some people* brands are worth paying tons of cash for. Again, not me.
Thank you so much, brother. Your words of encouragement are well heard. 
Do you use a duel camera now?
> your responses to other comments on this post have you basically shilling for OP

That's laughable. I like what they do as a company but I've certainly expressed that I don't like the fact that they're likely going the way of the Nexus. Also, I was criticizing arguments that the "image" of a phone is objectively valuable. That has nothing to do with OnePlus. I just like phones with reasonable margins.
Titanium is cool, but definitely overkill. It adds no value for most people. The proprietary port is touted as an additional feature, but like MotoMods, it will die shortly after release due to the proprietary nature of it. Therefore, it also doesn't add much value. Maybe the camera *should* go on the bottom if they really want to go with the edge-less display. Otherwise it looks sketchy at best. I am not necessarily defending OnePlus, I'm simply explaining why the "big features" that the Essential phone offers are not actually very valuable.
Exactly, but that's one of the reasons I hate iPhones...
I'm with you there. I'm really crossing my fingers that they don't go full Nexus.
The titanium body is just for show. The alloy OnePlus uses is more than strong enough. The proprietary port I was referring to is the magnetic accessory piece, which will not garner much support from third parties, if any. The front camera ruins the impressive screen. I don't want a big black circle staring me in the face all the time. It's silly and gimmicky. 
Eh, that phone looks like hot garbage to me. No headphone jack, a proprietary port, and what were they thinking with that front camera placement?
Ah, but at least you were watching closely. 
I somewhat disagree. Yes, image has value *to some people.* But for many, they want a device that has reasonable margins considering what it cost to make it. That way, it's valuable and reasonably priced for everyone, unlike the Beats which are only reasonable to people who enjoy the fashion trend of it.
Yeah, this is about what I'm expecting too. I suspect they'll go the way of the Nexus, which is unfortunate imo. I honestly don't have a need for duel cameras, a QHD display, or any number of other "next-gen" features. I like semi-flagship budget phones myself.
> Username checks out.


Yup. :)
There it is.
I do like his character, though, as you said, he isn't too complex. 
Well, yeah, but it's shit with some nice sprinkles on top and a reassuring smile.
Both extremes are unnecessary, of course.

Part of the benefit of having such control over your body as a man is gaining confidence to share your newfound masculinity with the opposite sex. It's only natural. When we feel sexier because we love our bodies and how we treat ourselves, we will gravitate towards girls with more confidence. I honestly don't mind "success stories." They motivate those of us who feel like we've lost any chance at loving a girl outside of cold, empty porn. We CAN change for the better and become the macho man we want to be (even though that's not the immediate goal of Nofap).

On the other hand, I do understand the frustration with these posts. They come up quite often and can come across as unnecessary and frivolous. They do not uphold the real reason for participating in Nofap. We do it for self-control and to free ourselves from an unhealthy, powerful addiction. We don't do it to get laid, though having fulfilling sex for the first time in a long while *is* a common benefit of Nofap. For some, these "girl posts" actually demotivate them because they feel like the user is bragging about something extraneous. In these cases, just keep scrolling and let people enjoy their newfound confidence.
Cue the trashy pop music.
Not really. Beats headphones charges you ludicrous prices that are purely because they have a valuable image/brand. OnePlus at least isn't ripping us off like that.
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
Here's the link to the conversation: https://twitter.com/OnePlus_Support/status/869615753129070594
Characters! Film sorely lacks good characters right now. People too easily settle for "charming," "badass," or "likable." How about we try for some complex, emotionally compelling, or intriguing characters? I want to relate to them and feel what they feel. It's hard to accomplish that when every protagonist is a carbon copy of the last.
Original, well-written scripts and carefully crafted characters and stories. Nowadays it seems like filmmakers get their hands on a high-value property and just plaster some half-assed version of it on screens to make a quick million. Try harder.
Abracadabra.
I got the white/gold one. I'd rather try something different if the black one is gone for good. Idk, maybe Gunmetal would've been the better choice for the black bezels. 
Glad to hear you have friends with good advice. :) I try to be helpful to my friends while remaining less nosy than I sometimes want to be.
Definitely look into what is eating your battery. Some apps (Google Play, Facebook, etc) can really screw you up and they are pretty easy to fix with Greenify and such. In the process of rooting and resetting a lot of things on my OnePlus One I gained a huge amount of battery back.
> I like to guess how long new employees will last.

Sounds fun. :) 
Glad to hear the good words. I'm getting the official flip cover, which has served me well on my OPO for years. Yeah, I trust OnePlus with build quality. The one really bad fall face-first onto rocks left my OPO with a few dings on the metal and a perfectly fine screen. 
Good to hear. I have my 3t in the mail.
Shit, man, get another Dash cable. That quick charging is awesome, no?
Yes, but the fact that it had no 64GB option meant that the lowest price to get the phone was higher than the other variants. I don't need 128GB.
> deliberately testing it to see where you get it wrong and why, re-evaluate, then repeat.

This pretty much describes my life in a nutshell. I try to remain logical and constantly improve myself, while also using what I have at my disposal to the best of my ability. 
Are there really widespread issues with battery on the 3t right now or is it on a phone to phone basis? I'd be interested to see if you have any issues such as wakelocks or Play Services acting up.
Best of luck!
From where at what price? The higher price is the only thing that held me back when it was on sale.
I have heard from several news outlets that they are going out of stock right now as we speak. Looks like they have no plans of keeping them around to sell at reduced prices. The phone will still be available in India and a few other markets after the OP5's launch, but I doubt it will be on sale.

I picked one up a few days ago. It arrives on the 2nd, so I'll have some time to decide if I want to return it for the OnePlus 5 or not. 15 day hassle-free returns means you can essentially wait and see what the OP5 will be without missing out on the OP3t forever.
I have tried to be more risk-taking in my own small ways recently. I've "gone for it" more often and tried to stop myself from stopping myself from doing anything (if that makes sense).

However, one HUGE part of my life that I feared and ended up being almost worse than what I anticipated was college. I just finished my sophomore year and it was hell. My adviser who also taught a bunch of my classes is an absolute ass. Loads of people have confirmed my suspicions in private conversation via anecdotes and such that he's a hypocritical "nice guy" who essentially does nothing and gets rewarded for it. Aside from this joker, my roommate was annoying to deal with, there's almost nobody on my campus I could really relate to (only 200 students), and I feel like I learned essentially nothing. As a result, I encountered depression and suicidal thoughts for the first time. So yeah, needless to say, I'm skeptical of pretty much everything and everyone at this point.
I use my ATH-M50x with the 2i2 as well, and it doesn't sound any noticeably worse than when I hook up my portable FiiO amp/dac.
I checkmated my lady in an actual game of chess recently. 
Read this in Pink Panthers voice.
I tried again, but this time I didn't copy/paste it, I typed it out by hand and it worked. Is this permanent or will it reset on restart?
Tried this, and it didn't work? Says not found.
I deal with the same thing. I have good relationships with my family, but I hate when they'll come in my room for no reason and just chill. I can't cope, I need them out before long. It's even better when they're out of the house of course, but that's rare. I really value my space.
*not enough wood*

Ok then, half of you go get wood.
Same, man. Teamkillers are cancer.
Because r/pics has much more ["important" Trump-related material](https://redd.it/6e0c9l) to send to r/all.
Utopia.

Means, "no place."
It's obviously talking about open borders.
Repost. Your title is misleading.
Of course. Liberal message disguised as being "nice" = upvotes.
Is the OnePlus 5 being announced on the 1st, then? I heard the release may be the 15th but I assumed they would announce it before then.
I'm in pretty much the exact same situation. Thought I was reading my own post, lol. Before we parted ways on our last date I just brought it up and made it clear that when we're sure about things, I want to be intentional about moving forward, but until then, we might as well take things slow and not pretend there's commitment where it hasn't developed yet. I'm working in another state over the summer and we'll text each other, but besides that we haven't made things exclusive yet.
Sad that such a low-effort Photoshop shoots to r/all because it's fun to laugh at Trump. Get a life, people.
That's unfortunate. I think I'll deal with it, but thanks for the warning.
Isn't that how all flip cases are until you break them in? The one for my OnePlus One was like that, but now it always stays closed.
Sorry, here's a screenshot and some of the images: http://imgur.com/a/94hEj
Thank you so much for your help.
If you have a sec, could you compare it to these pics?

https://oneplus.net/oneplus-3-3t-flip-cover

http://g04.a.alicdn.com/kf/HTB1hy3iLXXXXXbpXFXXq6xXFXXXO/Original-Flip-Case-for-One-plus-oneplus-3-three-3T-with-Hall-Switch-Card-Insert-Slot.jpg
Thanks man. You said it's definitely the official case, right? Not a knock-off? I would like to be 100% sure if possible.
This one?

http://www.oppomart.com/official-flip-leather-case-for-oneplus-3.html
I don't understand the issue. Pic?
Reminds me of 10 Cloverfield Lane.
> And this is why you are probably a Si dom...

Enjoy the block. Just the fact that you actually get off on [this shit](/r/shittyMBTI/) tells me that you're obsessed with yourself and have no intention of being reasonable.
What on earth do you expect me to do? Based on everything I know to be true about humanity and how the world works, what you are saying sounds fucking false. So I'm going to go with that until I find something that convinces me otherwise. So what if your links explain a bunch of shit in a way that sounds nice? If it's not comparable to the real world then it's just talk. I don't care to dive into the research good and proper at this time, but that doesn't mean I'm a biased asshole. I try to be objective about things, but some guy screaming at me that I'm wrong doesn't convince me that their message is objective truth, and it certainly doesn't make me interested to learn more about what they're proposing.

What first post? This? https://www.reddit.com/r/intj/comments/65crtq/what_are_some_good_introvertintrovert_date_ideas/

How did I misrepresent the theory? Ffs, get off your high horse. All I wanted was some ideas people had about activities that help to make for good introvert/introvert interactions. I do not see anything wrong with that. 

You know, you really make a compelling argument by measuring my every thought and action against that fucking theory.
Your entire example is irrelevant because it's based on observable biology. You are comparing something that is undeniably black or white (dick or vagina) to an idea some people thought up about an abstract concept. That's incredibly irresponsible for someone who claims to be all about the truth and objectivity. I understand your point, but you still haven't convinced me that your ideas are true. You're just continually shouting them at me.
You speak about these theories and blog posts as if they are undeniable gospel. They are 100% true regardless of what anyone else says. You realize it's called a "theory" for a reason, right? It's a way of interpreting how humans work, but humans are extremely complex and we don't fully understand how the brain works. It's a science, not a sermon.

You claim my problem is that I don't agree with what you're saying. How on earth is that a problem? I'm thinking for myself instead of just accepting what some random dude on the internet says. I love "truth" just as much as you. I just don't think the truth about how humans interact and think is as clean-cut and obvious as you say.
thanks for the info
>And as I said, the downvotes speak volumes: wishful thinking is valued higher than unpleasant truths.

You are absolutely full of yourself, aren't you?
Is it worth the price difference? What amp/dac setup do you use?
I'm not reading some random tumblr blog just because someone put a link in my face to prove me wrong on the internet. I'll do my own research if I feel like it.

I am interested in talking with people who share similar personalities to mine and being understood. Most of Reddit likes memes and shitposts. Here I can have long, detailed conversations and people actually read what I have to say sometimes. It's that simple.

I am not interested in nitpicking a theory to death. I'm interested in people and experiences. I don't come here for more of what you linked above. I'd rather just read a book. I come here to have conversations, like I said. If the theory specifically states that nobody's personality type can ever change at all, then I disagree with that part of the theory. People are far more complicated than that.

Again, mumbo jumbo to make yourself seem more educated. I really don't care. You're clearly just using it to patronize me.
Based on principle alone, you cannot put people into such tiny boxes. Yes, there are general patterns and ways of functioning that are common among certain types, but that does not mean every person on earth is locked into a specific personality with step 1, step 2, and so on. It's pretty dogmatic to claim such things. I understand there is a science to it, but even science is imperfect. People who practically worship the MBTI need to get their head out of their ass.
How do they compare to the 650s?
You don't get it. Humans don't always fit perfectly into a personality type. They change. They do things out of character. You can't put everyone into a box, and certainly not a fictional person. I would almost argue that a varying personality is better written than a strict, always-consistent one.
"I don't like pain! It hurts me." - Daffy Duck
Sherlock from the BBC show with Bennyhill Cucumberpatch.
Yeah, I get that, but for me personally that's not a huge issue. I can root mine once support stops and just run LineageOS if I really need to.
It's surprising to me how many downvotes you have and how many people here are adamantly saying that changing types is impossible. I for one believe it is entirely possible, though not common once you are developed as a person. I myself am an INTJ, but as logical as I am I am also very emotional. According to the test I took a while back (not a cheap online test, mind you) I was about 60% Thinking and 40% Feeling. I have a friend who is the opposite. She got categorized as an INFJ, but was about 60% Feeling, 40% Thinking. Perhaps you have a bit of leeway in this too and yours was more exaggerated due to a worldview shift.
I would not say he is poorly written. I would say that it is nearly impossible to create a fictional interpretation of a character that has so much screen time and so many lines without contradicting the character at least a little here and there. But the writing is, imo, excellent. I mean, come on, we contradict ourselves and change as real people. Do you expect a character to clearly fit inside a personality type?
OnePlus 3t owners, is this still worth buying before they drop it? I have a OnePlus One and I LOVE the thing. I've had LineageOS on it for a couple months and I was planning on picking up the 3t when the price dropped because my OPO is getting old.
Is this at a more prestigious place? That's a heck of a lot for a server.
One time I found a partially translucent little ball in our garden and I asked my dad, "What's that?"

"Some kind of a something." he said.
Oh snap, just like a protective parent.
Ok, this makes sense.  Sorry. I misunderstood. I saw that the amount in your example above was more than the original price, but this is because of the tax you take into account.
I don't think "discount" is the right word. If I understand you correctly, you intend to charge a 5% fee for your service, not to allow us to get 5% off our items.
Mr. Skeletal is the only friend you will ever need. He will keep your bones strong and healthy.
I love what we got. I honestly think that 10 Cloverfield Lane developed the universe in a really great way while also being a fantastic film. I don't think a direct sequel or prequel to the original would have gotten much traction to be honest.
Thanks, copy editor! I love you too.
Glad to help! I was always miffed that Windows made it so hard to use simple em/en-dashes until I found this trick. I use it myself all the time now. :)
Never put on a face and avoid the issue. Just be up front about it and face it head on *together*. TALK. It helps to prevent grudges over stuff that could've been resolved if one of you just came out and said, "That was really shitty. Let's talk about this." 
Definitely check it out. You'll need a decent internet connection and some time, but I downloaded it all for free in a day or so. Now I have the video files and plan on watching the whole trilogy with friends sometime soon.
Ok, so raise prices a bit. 
Yes, but the amount that I pay for food and service should suffice. That's the whole point of margins, so I pay enough that the employer has what he needs to pay the employee a fair wage. The social expectation to tip does not, under any circumstance, make a lick of sense. The system is stupid.
You are 100% correct, but there's more to the theory than that. There's some rare official Berenstain Bears merchandise that spells it incorrectly. 
Harmy's edition might be what you want. It's a bit of a rabbit hole to find and download, though. I'm at my work computer, otherwise I might give you the links.
Now they have highlights too! So I get one extra completely useless notification per week telling me what I did... Why, Facebook?
I always drink Mexican Coke over regular when I have the chance. Sometimes you can get some good deals on six-packs. Tastes better AND you get to drink it from a bottle like the good ol days.
College class, my freshman year. Teacher was going over the basics of how to properly format assignments. He got on the topic of when to use dashes and how to use the right ones (em-dashes vs en-dashes and such). He mentioned how in Word it will usually correct to the correct type of dash after hitting the space bar. I piped up and explained to the class how you could use the various dashes at any time, even outside Word, by using the keyboard shortcuts Alt(hold it down)+0151 for the em-dash and Alt+0150 for the en-dash. I felt so proud of myself for knowing such an obscure, useful fact, but in the heat of the moment I guess I came across as REALLY smug, because I got a couple comments from my close friends afterwards about how off-putting I was.
Using "us vs. them" language. It seems to be more common among sports teams and high school cliques.
Tipping. It makes no sense. I pay for food and service. Your employer should pay you a fair wage.
I mean, it's also fairly random at times.
Spelling. The problem is that English is such a stupidly convoluted language and yet there's STILL a huge stigma against bad spelling. 
Mayo with fries (potato fries). Seriously, if you can ignore the irreparable heart damage it's fantastic.
Undertale. It feels like you're reading a living, breathing, pixelated book.
When you're trying to work through an argument or another issue with someone and they continually try to downplay the whole situation under the guise of "let's all just get along."
It's a bit of a power play. Implying that YOU are the one who needs to get their act together before anything has taken place puts them in a position above you so they can judge you when/if you do have any reasonable objections. 
I'm really conflicted on it myself. Probably one of the movies I've thought the most about after seeing it. There are things I really like about it, but I also think it has a lot of issues. 
I didn't like it a whole lot, but not because it was popular. I loved its aesthetic, I just think it has poor characters and an uninteresting first two acts. 
Yeah, it's not the most cohesive song.
So you're an anti-hipster of sorts?
I can respect that. You kinda need to like the characters and style to enjoy it. The mechanics aren't really intended to keep you interested, they only drive the story most of the time. The guy who created the game has repeatedly said that he can't believe how it blew up and thinks it's undeserving. That may just be humble-speak, though, idk.

If you're interested, I wrote up a little summary about why I think people love the game so much [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/intj/comments/6caphx/intj_type_of_genre_in_video_games/dhtlefl/?context=3). No pressure, just throwing it out there for those interested.
I see your reasoning. People still regularly use the "I have gold in this category! You should switch!" argument, though, which is based on performance. I honestly think people will be shitty either way, but I agree with you in the sentiment that removing a scoreboard doesn't detract from toxicity. It's a very "Blizzard" thing to do, making things more "fun" and not as focused on "meaningless stats," but not acknowledging that people will always find ways to be selfish idiots.
WHAT? How dare you.
What's so bad about it? I don't think it's a very great song myself, but I wouldn't call it "the worst of the generation."
I can see what you mean, but I wouldn't say it's impossible to avoid the bad sides of fanbases. I happen to enjoy Undertale and My Little Pony, which are known to have some of the most annoying fanbases. I find it pretty easy to block out the stupid and just enjoy the game/show itself with people I find fun to talk to. Doesn't matter what someone enjoys, if they're an obnoxious individual I'll steer clear of them.
Yeah, I hear a lot of people saying their old stuff was much better. I wouldn't say it's objectively better music. Their new stuff is definitely more professionally structured and mixed (and appealing to a wider demographic as it so happens, lol). But yeah, some of their old lyrics are really good. 
Yeah, if you don't care for something that's totally up to you. You can hate it for all I care, as long as that's your own opinion and not something you let someone else decide for you.
Yeah, I can understand that. Same with me and Evanescence. I bonded with friend back in junior high making covers of their songs and such. I'll always appreciate their music even if it has problems and most people don't like it. 
I..... um....

IdidntlikeRogueOne.... 

But not because it was popular. I just think for such a beautiful film it has a lot of character and plot issues.
That's unfortunate. It seems like they've gotten their act together since then from what I've seen. Haven't seen them live, but with the fame it looks like they're trying to take themselves a bit more seriously at least.
How so? I won't deny OW has toxicity, but isn't that every majorly adopted competitive game?
Really? That's cool. But yeah, if you look hard enough there's usually a couple birdperson jokes for every major thread.

Edit: See? [Here's your Rick and Morty reference right here, lol.](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/6d1aky/reddit_what_does_everyone_need_to_calm_the_fck/dhz4yas/?context=10000)
It's not that reddit hates it. It's that there's a vocal minority that gets pissed off at the fact that making a R&M reference in an AskReddit thread almost guarantees upvotes. There's clearly a lot of redditors who like the show, but I can also understand being confused/upset that the cheap "I RECOGNIZE THAT PHRASE!" humor is so widely appealing due to the show. 
This guy shits.
That's the thing. If you hate the show, that's fine. But maybe don't write it off as complete trash until you see it for yourself. Same goes for everything. Peer pressure shouldn't dictate your tastes.
John Wick. The night club scene.
Dude, Miniclip pool is the worst offender, though. have you played that shit?
Hating stuff because it got popular.

"Twenty One Pilots is TERRIBLE! Emo trash!"

"The new Star Wars movie has NO REDEEMING QUALITIES! Sheep!"

"*insert video game here HAS THE WORST FANBASE! So cringe!"

We get it, you like being an isolated hipster who only enjoys fringe shit. Go back to your corner where nobody can hear you scoffing under your breath.

"Hipsters are the WORST, amiright!? Who do they think they are?"
It's probably the rudest, most abrupt way to describe two people having sex, which is meant to be a personal and intimate thing, and nowadays it's almost always used as irreverent slang. I can see why people are hesitant to say it. On the other hand, it's pretty weird when movies will use all manner of rude, filthy language and purposely avoid "fuck" because it's somehow so much worse. 
Dude it's ok I'm a virgin too.
It's pretty amazing how an intentionally limited chat hasn't stopped players from quickly creating a new way to say, "fuck you" to each other.
Good on you for cutting communication and finding better friends. That's really hard for a lot of people in that situation.
Yeah, I appreciated it, but I felt my friends over-hyped it.
I heard rumors of a Silver Chair movie, but nothing is confirmed yet IIRC.
After the first one they really botched up the Narnia movies. The books, written by C. S. Lewis, are masterpieces of youth literature. The movies became cash grabs and I'm honestly glad they stopped.
Declare my independence. 
Seems to happen a lot on imgur.
I haven't the slightest idea how it got there.
The bigger the hair, the bigger the personality. Either that or they're into hip-hip and disco.
Gravity Falls. Alex Hirsch got to end the series exactly how he wanted to. No extending the show for a cash grab, just a fantastic 2 seasons.
What the fuck? XD
I lap up your tears with my conservative tongue.
That's interesting. Did you have popsicles for lunch?
I'm glad you appreciated my long-winded post, haha. Yeah, the battles are intended to be fun exposition for the characters in most cases. Some of the interactions and the methods for beating certain monsters are hilarious. If you feel like you're hitting your head against a wall, you're likely missing something, so don't be afraid to look it up. Patterns are key. That is, until you get to a few of the more legendary battles which you just have to train for hours on (but there's only really one or two of them in certain storylines).
You just need to play it to really understand it, but here's an in-depth explanation of why I love it.

The story, the characters, the music, and the dialogue are all fantastic. The actual battles, while some of them are famously difficult, do not make the game for me. Don't go into it expecting something fun on a functional level. It's intended to pull you into a fantasy world and make you feel things and discover things, not to challenge you in the same way that an FPS or RTS does.

This is in addition to the fact that it's a huge nostalgia trip that hearkens back to the "good old days" of Earthbound and other classic RPGs. I never played Earthbound, but I really love the atmosphere and simplicity. There aren't many games like it nowadays.

Another main reason people love it is because the story can go pretty much any direction at all. It's nothing like most "static" storylines. Not only are you free to complete it at your own pace and even skip large portions of the side-stories, but every action has consequences. If you've heard of the "genocide" and "pacifist" runs, those are the most extreme approaches and they both have fantastic rewards (or punishments) for your efforts. Every character reacts to you differently and the entire outcome is like you're playing a totally different game depending on the choices you make. For example, on my first run I had no idea what I was doing, so I killed a main character accidentally right after the tutorial. I was absolutely floored that not only did it allow me to do that, but that this changed how the rest of the game played out. Characters would mention the murder under their breath and I would feel guilty whenever it came up. An entire mechanic where that character calls your cell phone and gives you tips was just gone. You can play it multiple times trying different actions while the game remains self-aware that you're trying different play-though. It's surreal. 

But yeah, **TL:DR**, it has fantastic story and characters, hearkens back to the good old days of gaming, and has one of the most complex and interesting "your actions affect the outcome" mechanics I've ever seen. 
I love FPS. It's the challenge of reaction time, mental awareness, and tactics that get me. I have 600 hours in Rainbow Six Siege. The free, empty canvas of exploration is what drew me to Planetside 2 (and Minecraft actually), which I have tons of hours in as well. Overwatch is a fantastic game as well, but without a constant group to play with it gets old for me.

I also love stories that are compelling. Portal and Portal 2 are both works of art. Undertale is one of my favorites. I am just getting into the old Half-Life games. 

Gotta say, the old Mario remakes for Game Boy Advance made me love platformers, but beyond Mario and Super Meat Boy I haven't delved into that genre as much.

I can't make myself play RPGs like Fallout, Skyrim, or Witcher. They always seem to sacrifice smooth, tight gameplay for a huge world and expansive story. I usually don't care much to listen to tons of people talk at me just to fight a boss with an obvious weakness point. It doesn't feel like I'm outsmarting the game.
Politics should NEVER be tied to that one sub. The whole reason we have multiple subs for the same things is for variety and balance. R/Politics is not just "left-leaning." There is nothing on their front page at any given time that presents a balanced or pro-Trump view. They have turned into a leftist sub and there needs to be balance in some form. Honestly, if r/the_Donald behaved they would be a welcome voice on this heavily biased site. 

The thing that gets me is the obscene number of anti-Trump subs you mentioned. It's entirely unnecessary and a bit disgusting when you consider that their sole purpose is to smear the leader of the free world. It's not like the world needs another place to go to hate Trump. The information on his screw-ups gets out there already. Trump is not nearly as awesome as r/the_Donald would have you believe, but he certainly isn't the Hitler that those anti-Trump subs make him out to be.
These are my spoiler-free first impressions of the film.

Alien: Covenant was definitely a bold return to form for the series, but I wasn't blown away by it. It's a sci-fi horror like the first Alien, but has more action elements and borrows some of the aesthetic and imagery from Prometheus. Unlike Prometheus, it doesn't try to maintain a whole lot of wonder or mystery, and it definitely isn't going for the fun action feel of Aliens, which is fine, but the plot is very predictable and not nearly as compelling as the pacing and reveals that made the first Alien so great. It relies too much on the shock of the horror moments, even if they're well-shot and pretty effective on their own.

The direction they took the story was strong. I really like how they've begun to tie together Prometheus with the original movies. The lore of the alien creature is explored quite a bit. It doesn't feel too contrived, and I honestly can't wait to see what happens next.

The main characters were decently developed. There isn't too much unnecessary exposition. Instead, we get to see how a group with various tensions and interests among them deals with tragic situations and uncertainties. The only gripe I have is that they choose the least interesting characters to kill off for the most part. This doesn't convince the audience to really care that they're dead, and it feels like they were trying to play it safe at times. Side note: Fassbender kills it. He was the best by far.

The alien effects were great. A bit CG-heavy at times, but they needed it to be in some shots. The aliens were always terrifying. Maybe not as "real" as the first two Alien films, but impressive nonetheless. They took a much more aggressive and violent approach. I think their intent was to showcase a less tactile, more primitive and animalistic creature that was absolutely out of control as opposed to being cunning and stealthy like the first two movies. It's a different feel, but definitely scary, that's for sure. My only complaint with the alien scenes is that a couple of them feel out of place or too over-the-top.

Overall, I would rate this one below Alien, Aliens, and Prometheus, but above all the other Alien movies. If I had to give it a number score, I'd say it's about a 7 or an 8. It's a different feeling film for the series, and it certainly has its flaws, but it's an enjoyable watch and left me hopeful for what Ridley Scott has planned in the future.
I suspect this too. He looks far too much like Walters at the end.
Womp womp!
Same. I love mr sideways happy dude. :)
I mean, there are only two open mouths in the picture, and if you were protesting against something and people started doing it in front of you just to piss you off, you might be mad too. It doesn't necessarily mean they're all disgusted by gay people. Some of them, sure. Others are probably a bit more level-headed than that.
You've basically covered the situations where someone would have a hard time or are unaware of the help available. I was simply referring to the fact that in many locations and situations, there IS a way out and there's no reason to turn to credit card debt. I have always lived by the idea that you should never spend money you don't have, and that's part of the reason why I've never "had" to live off debt. I simply refuse to and find other options. 

If you work hard, live within your means, and have a bit of savings on hand, there is no reason to go into debt over stuff like food. It's silly. I would wager that 9 times out of 10 the people destroying their credit score for a bit of food are irresponsible or not looking for smarter options. Like I said, almost everyone has access to these resources in some capacity: food stamps, shelters/kitchens, savings, selling assets, family/friends, entry-level positions, etc. In the very rare case that someone has NONE of these options, then perhaps the best option is going into debt until they get a job. But like I said, most people with these debt-friendly spending habits end up poor because they haven't followed basic financial principles that literally anyone can figure out.
Yeah, I prefer that method myself, even if I don't think attendance makes any sense as a requirement.
But I mean, if you aren't interacting with customers at all, what does it matter?
There's so much of college that's 100% bullshit due to the sole reason that YOU pay the college, not the other way around. They expect you to bow to their every whim, but you're literally paying their salary at a huge cost. It's horrible.
This is why I use a nearly pure version of Android on my phone.
What? Of course debt is due to not having money, but that doesn't mean that it makes a lick of sense for someone to put their dinner on a credit card because they're broke. If someone literally doesn't have money to eat, there are soup kitchens, friends & family, and plenty of low-income jobs that can get most people by in a pinch. Also, if you can afford a credit card and/or place to live, but not food, your priorities are seriously messed up.

Rich people don't rack up debt for petty stuff. That's not a thing. If they put something on a card they pay it back before it's due. Habits like being ok with debt while making a decent living do not make a person rich. That's what makes up the stupid people who should be middle-upper class but instead live paycheck to paycheck due to a lack of self-control and financial awareness.
Never thrown a punch.
"Hmm baby you do it so well, we should have sex every night"

"I love you too hun, can we kiss?"

"Well, aren't you forward? Don't get ahead of yourself, playboy"
"Well if you don't like me then I won't like you either! HMMPF!"
boo hoo tell us more sad stories, relatable redditor
DOOT DOOT

r/Neverbrokeabone/
Join your calcium brethren at r/Neverbrokeabone/

doot doot
Hey man, I'm not an especially dashing or charming chap either. I tend to keep to myself and can come across as cold to a lot of people. I also have weird tastes. I like quiet-spirited, conservative, religious girls who have similar beliefs to mine. This made my dating pool absolutely minuscule. I've only been somewhat interested in two girls all my life. I've been painfully lonely at times.

Recently, I came across an acquaintance from highschool purely by accident and we just had our third date last night. I swear she's the most perfect girl I've ever met, but of course time will tell. I guess I just wanted to offer some hope. One of my greatest fears is never finding love, but even I was able to find someone after many years of singleness. Stay strong, regardless. Love isn't all life has to offer.
Would you rather have crappy friends or no friends at all?
And this is why I call bullshit when there's an entire team of 250-300 ping Ash/Jager mains stomping me and my buddies in ranked. Sometimes, "gitting gud" won't make much of a difference.
This is what I was looking for, thanks for the advice!
Good to know. Thanks! :)
That sounds fun! Glad to know you enjoyed it.

Were you able to do just the two of you in one room? I'm finding that some escape rooms require 8 tickets to be used per session, meaning that you'll be with strangers unless you buy it out.
What's the joke with the gem in the eye? Is it 4chan stuffs or just random?
That's encouraging. I'm in Lansing, Michigan. I was considering taking a date to try one called "20/20" that does themed rooms. I might also ask my boss where he took the entire office except me to do one a few weeks ago when I was absent. They had a blast.
What are some good ones? I imagine that this early on in what appears to be a cool new business idea there are plenty of shitty escape room companies just taking advantage of the gimmick. I've seen prices of about $24/person. Is that normal?
Thanks for the help. :)
Is that a good thing in your opinion? I don't want too much bass. I've had IEMs with lots of bass and it drowned out the rest of the sound, but these were JVC XX's and probably not even a comparison. 
It looks like the Tennmak has more bass than the MEMT. Is that true? I'm definitely considering the MEMT.
That's great advice. I also really value the platonic approach because there's no pressure to put on a show. The main issue with the girl I'm interested in is that we never see each other in everyday life, so I kinda needed to ask her out to really talk with her. It's been going well, though. I do hope we don't allow typical date pressures to mask real issues, though.
I heard that the new Monks have much better bass than the old ones. Idk. I don't necessarily need amazing bass, just a good balance. Would you still recommend IEMs? I will look into those you mentioned. 
Not from a Jedi.
Made me smile. :)
Oops, thanks. :)
Yeah, I think I'm just paranoid about the objectives thing. I want our time together to have a purpose, and at this stage when we can't just hop into comfortable conversation, objectives are helpful. Thanks for the suggestions!

I love super straightforward questions. She's responded fairly well so some so far. :)
What's up, r/all? This is Reddit censoring in action.
Effieiency is my favorite thing, but I don't tend to enjoy trying to find as many things to do at the same time as possible. I instead simply analyse what I do regularly and try to improve it. For example, I'll find out which lane is optimal at what time during my commute. I'll adjust my seat in my car or my desk so I get good bloodflow and comfort. I'll buy things in bulk or at certain places that are cheaper. I'll plan my route to include more right turns than left turns. I'll park in the area that usually has the most empty spaces and is also close to the entrance. If I know I'm going to stay up, I'll try to sleep for the right amount of time so I'll wake up after a REM cycle instead of in the middle of one. Stuff like that.
Google the following for the appropriate tool:

- color picker

- stopwatch

- calculator

- unit converter
[Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/) is the best place to get 100% free stunning photos taken by photographers all around the world. I use it all the time for blog images and such.
Sam in Return of the King
I can save others from death...

But not myself.
Nocturnal Animals. It's an amazing story within a story that's masterfully acted, thought-provoking, and emotionally powerful.
Still trying to find a copy at my Disctraders every once in a while.
It definitely got the attention it deserved here in the US. That's interesting that it didn't garner much interest in your area.
I don't think people want to take advantage of others by default. I believe our default desire is to survive as individuals, among other instincts such as reproduction and a search for a higher purpose. Most of the time, that means working with people to get somewhere better in life, but that also means using whatever is at our disposal to get ahead. We likely have a very different definition of "good" as well, but those are just some additional thoughts I had.
Beats headphones. They are 90% advertising bullshit and there are ALWAYS better options for the price.
High of 75 by Relient K
Bill Nye Trolls the World
So I usually use my portable setup of M50x with my FiiO e07k, but I've been wanting to get a decent pair of earbuds or IEMs ever since my earpods have gotten cracked and nasty. I've heard the VE Monks are amazing, but are they any good when compared to more expensive in-ear options like the M6 pros or the PL-50s? I don't necessarily need isolation, I just want good sound for the price (but I know leakage can affect sound too). Whatever I get will mostly be used without a DAC/AMP to watch Netflix or in place of my regular setup when traveling and such.

Range: $5-$40.

Soundstage: Balanced or slightly V-shaped.
In my experience, if you get any higher than about 300, it kicks you pretty quick and you start having trouble with rubberbanding. 
> Assume the best in people.

I beg to differ. Look at people for who they truly are and allow them to prove themselves to you, but do not always assume the best. People on the whole are not good by nature and will definitely take advantage of you if you let them.
Yup, been using this for a few months now. It's a bit of work to get the movements down, but it's so worth it. Now I can have the strength of a double knot with the ease of release of a regular knot!
*looks down and doodles
Country folk would be as messed up...
OP's mom is gonna have one hell of a time.
[](/2i)True.
Do you not have friends that would listen?
Talk about life with your family or friends. Bonding with them in these times can be very helpful.
A passion for a new hobby.
Lasagna. I say it like "La-sag-na" just for giggles.
Multiple phones.
Have a few month's worth of living expenses saved.
Don't go into debt. Unless maybe for a house or actual emergencies, don't. do. it.
I see a lot about 3D stuff in here already, but has anyone mentioned that Nvidia still has a 3D component in their drivers to support the 5 people out there who play 3D PC games on their special monitors? It's incredible to me that it still exists...
I mourn for the death of smartwatches. I love mine and don't know what I would do without it, but for various reasons the niche devices never took off in the mainstream market. I hope they make a comeback sometime soon.
[](/abfear)Dude, I've been waiting here with this dude watching anime for 12 terrible hours. Thank you for finally giving me some ideas as to how to escape this situation. I will try some of your suggestions and report back.
"So I've just been informed that we're in a small American town, Apple Bloom.... So..... yeah, that's where we are I guess."
Guys, I'm safe.

Off I go to torrent movies on random sites and click on links about bikinis!
[](/abflat)I agree, it had to be done.
[](/abawkward)
The alternative is that the entire thing is locked down and Google starts isolating its ecosystem like Apple. It's not like Google themselves make separate versions. They just allow carriers and manufacturers to do stuff too. I'd rather have it like it is to make room for improvement. I love the advantages of CyanogenMod/LineageOS.
XD you piece of shit
".....I think we're in the city. But that hasn't been explained yet. I don't know where we are either."
[](/ablicky) mmmmm, love those artificial colors and flavors.
"....um.....person..........."

0_0
Scared me for a second... I mean......... 

[](/abbucketfall)real friendship? for me, a white boy watching MLP on my gaming rig obsessing over Apple Bloom's character development while sipping my USA-flavored Mountain Dew?

I pause around the corner. Shit, that voice......

I swear I'm not a pedo, but she's just so gosh darn cute.

I peek back where she was before.
I can't tell if you're serious or not.

I know who he is, it's not like the first time I've seen him. He really is annoying af and I'm not about to punish myself by actively talking to him. That doesn't mean he's a bad person because of his tastes, he's just a selfish brat who happens to be easy to make fun of.
[](/abcaffeine)

eh.... um... I, well. Surely there are someponies that clearly don't deserve friends, right?

.....(Luna pls he's annoying af)
Take the cup and splash her awake. Ask her why she's out here alone and where her parents are. She has no parents.

[](/abfedup)

FML run away crying
[](/abamazed)
Holy shit you're a genius.

...oh wait, what if I accidentally make a friend?
Yeah, there was some cringe for sure, but I did enjoy the main storyline up until they should have ended it but kept going.
idk, I couldn't hear it well enough to tell, and I wouldn't have been able to identify it anyway because I'm not a WEEB.

Jk, I've seen Deathnote, but that's it. I'm not super into anime.
Isn't that wrong? You're literally buying reviews... That's bribery. Kind of a scumbag thing to do. 
[Holocaust survivor attempts to escape Germany (circa 1943 colorized)](http://i.imgur.com/0PgjcEN.jpg)
I haven't had many issues with apps. Sorry to hear that. 
Same. I've been on recent builds and been having to deal with many more crashes than before. It's really annoying. They always put me into a soft reboot. 
I'm nearly done too, just one more final. It's a good feeling. I'll be working at the YMCA in Silver Bay, NY this summer with my friends in a leadership training program on the side. I certainly do want to sleep a lot until I leave for that, though. 
Offline, complete package, media-based single player games. Gone are the days when you had to go to the store, buy something based solely on the cover art (or from what you read in a magazine), pop it in with almost zero wait time, and then enjoy the journey of your solitary save file while you explored every single inch of the game, only to trade it with a friend for something new after you beat it. 
Lot of work here, my man. Good on you.
*insert political opinion here*
Is there a reason it wasn't removed earlier? It seemed to be front page for a while, and I thought you guys had cracked down on rule 5 recently.
Rule 5
No it isn't. It's one person's speculation on what happened. We have no evidence to prove that Trump fired him because of Russian ties. That's one possibility, but far from an objective fact.
> 5.No political memes

Except when it's assuming a liberal narrative about Trump, am I right? 

Not controversial? Are you serious? It doesn't matter, it's not allowed on the sub.
Of course it is. The meme assumes that Trump fired him directly to stop them investigating him, which would mean Trump has something to hide. This is a narrative the left are pushing for and the right no not believe to be true at all. It is very controversial and biased, regardless of how funny it is.
If you're up for a cartoon, try Regular Show or Gravity Falls.
Wonderful! A perfect pleasure indeed! 
I'm sorry about that. Thank you for letting me know what happened. I get the sense that my situation is similar in that we seem to think very much alike, so I hope it does lead to something. :)
I've definitely felt similar about this girl I've been spending time with. We'll see where it goes, but I don't want to lose an opportunity like this if I see it going somewhere. She's very easy to talk to and according to her, she rarely gets along with people as well as we have so far. 
I used to be on a gluten-free diet for health reasons. People who act like gluten gives you aids are the worst. I learned a lot about what people think it does to you and most of it can be attributed to eating large amounts of white bread. I don't care how much gluten you consume, but if you're consuming white bread all day you're bound to have problems that are completely unrelated to conspiracies about how wheat is poisonous. 
Yeah, if you accidentally post ANYTHING remotely normal publicly, expect to get thrashed. It's disgusting. 
> Why would you knowingly want your child to be sick and in pain?

They don't have this mindset at all. They don't believe vaccines really help, and in many cases they think vaccines can fuck up people due to certain ingredients commonly used in them. They really do want the best for their kids most of the time. They simply see vaccines as being the cause of more harm than good. (don't burn me alive please I'm just relaying what I've learned about them)
http://i.imgur.com/bxax5g8.jpg
Yeah that's always bothered me. I tend to drink non-iced water from a plastic cup nowadays, so it hasn't been that big a deal, but I hate wondering if I'm going to ruin someone's antique by not using a coaster when visiting people.
I agree, the crashing while loading when someone leaves is a repeatable glitch that seriously breaks the game.
Capable is very different than intelligent. 
I have some (a few) friends who enjoy them too. I use them to really lay out my ideas so I can analyse myself and correct my worldview accordingly. I try not to let it devolve into useless complaining. 
Seeing papers half-stapled together because the thing crushed the staple instead of fastening it.
Being tailgated.
For men: The dreaded triple stream.
Being shut down in class discussion because I disagreed with the professor. My bad, I thought I was allowed to have an opinion and share it respectfully with the class.
I want to go home and rethink my life.
I don't wanna sell you deathsticks.
Most: The freedoms we enjoy and the opportunity for wealth and success even when you come from the most unfortunate of places and situations.

Least: The loss of respect for each other as human beings trying to survive together.
1 hour loop of All Star dank meme edition
Deathsticks.
Trump is a very intelligent person.
Dealing with my intense hatred for the illogical and mundane things in the world. If you get close to me expect to hear a rant at least once a week.
My Little Pony merchandise. But let's be real, Hasbro knows that bronies are a huge source of income for them.
first
Quality music with quality headphones. Nothing helps me isolate myself from the noise of the world like some clean beats.
Car Radio by Twenty One Pilots.
That's a really interesting way to put it. Letting your feelings and ideas be what they are can allow for a much more objective view of the world provided you don't let your emotions control you. I can see how some people might think "letting go" is a bad thing, but if used to accept and deal with reality, it can bring about peace and honesty.
I'm not denying the reality that people react illogically and taking certain approaches is necessary. I was simply expressing that these methods of balancing a message out and using different techniques is extremely tedious and, like you said, are for dealing with people who are illogical and inconvenient.

I have tried using the "idea rather than the person" approach with mixed results, but it's better at persuading than just raw logic, for sure. Sometimes I can get them to say something that they would have denied earlier or realize that there are major flaws in their argument. Other times they get really close and basically acknowledge my point only to completely reject it a moment later when I restate what we just talked about. *sigh*
How so? I skimmed through it because it was required for a level 100 class, but I never got into it very deep.
That's a dangerous environment to be an optimist in. Geez.
He had the high ground. It was over.
Yeah that one gets me. Don't complain about obesity being a huge health concern in America if you're behind that stupid "fat-acceptance" train. I understand treating everyone like a valuable individual, but that should not mean rephrasing serious personal issues and health risks as blessings and something to be proud of. Get help. DON'T accept your body in its current state. Work towards something BETTER.
Balance is good, but I find that many times I'm just making up random bullshit to balance out my criticisms because people need to have their asses kissed good and hard before they'll ever acknowledge that their program/career/situation is a huge mess. The fact that some people are so resistant to criticism that they need to be tip-toed around to satisfy their ego is a problem in itself in my opinion. If you can't sit down and have a "real" conversation, you need to get your head out of your ass.
He is too old.
There was an AskReddit thread about weird fetishes, and someone posted this reply (screenshot because the comment has been removed): http://i.imgur.com/vQZ7qga.png

Then another person posted this reply on the same thread shortly after: http://i.imgur.com/2L8WYzw.png

Ever since then it's evolved into a few copypastas and spread around quite a bit.
Great read. Thanks again. :)
Thanks so much. That's a great description. Do you get along well with the ones you know?
Yus, so good. It's like sugary rice crispies in your mouth. 
This is cool, thanks!
Yeah, and convenient, until you get the dreaded triple stream. 

*shudders
Yes, but I'm less turned on when I can tell that she's wearing something. I prefer a natural smell, but that's just me. Perfumes are nice and show she cares about her presentation but they don't do it for me. Kinda like makeup.
Sometimes, obsessed. Mentally exhausting to think about the girl because I'm unsure about the relationship or anxious about understanding her better. Other times, completely at ease. The world is right and if only I could hold her forever, but even when we're apart she's the reason I am who I am. 
I don't understand why men like to suppress feelings. I'll cry at a song, TV show, movie, or when writing something meaningful on a regular basis. I have no problem expressing feelings as long as I'm around people I trust or I'm alone (I'm an introvert).
Ugh... yeah, that's a socially immature kind of introvert, for sure. Sorry to hear that.

Love your username btw.
Be careful with the squeezing, they ain't stress balls. ;)
Yeah, knowing myself and other INTJs, the spectrum can range anywhere from absolutely hateful/arrogant towards everything and everyone to really sweet, passionate, and intelligent. Just depends. The girl I've talked with seems very stable, though, so that's good.
Congrats! Thanks for the advice. :)
Dave and his fucking kawasakii...
Hello Richard.

>I'm... I'm Dave.

Ah.. so you are. Didn't you wear glasses before?

>Yeah, but I wear contacts now.

Shit.

>What?
I don't reveal myself to someone right away, but I will invest in my interaction with them by looking them in the eye and hearing everything they have to say. Sometimes they get uncomfortable though...

What can I say, the eye is the doorway to the soul.
I've gotten so sick of pretending to not hate people that I will sometimes not even respond to them. I let my face do the talking, "Do I know you? Imma leave now."
Faking emotions. I just get sick and tired of it after a while and revert to my natural male version of RBF.
I don't think so. The reticle even gives him the huge red X. Seems like a weird glitch to me.
Shield melee is intended to be slower than normal. 

Most of the issues in this game seem to be related to the latency problems. I think an improvement to latency would fix both the teleporting Ash players as well as the shoddy melee.
DUDE. EVERY TIME.
Yeah, I knew this was the real answer, and I'm not basing my reasoning exclusively on personality, but I just thought some first hand advice with similar situations would be helpful, and that's pretty much what I got. I'll just have to figure out whether or not we work together over time like any relationship. 
> nearly drove him to suicide.

if only...
Yeah, every once in a while I have trouble with the spiraling out of control thing, but it's in my own head instead of with someone else. I can see how that would be a point of weakness.
Thanks so much for the first-hand advice. It means a lot. :)
Thanks for the reply.

Yeah, I suppose that's my main concern. I've had good conversations with girls who I later found out were simply far too dominant to have any healthy relationship with. That's obviously my fault, too. I need to humble myself. But I think INTJ personality types just struggle in general with pride/being correct all the time. I like your emphasis on communication and fixing problems in the relationship. That's something I want to focus on too.
This happened to me back in high school when I was really immature. I let myself become obsessed with a girl and it ruined me when she moved to a different state.

A year or so ago it happened again, to a lesser degree. This time I was nervous around her and let my mind run wild, but I treated her respectfully and wasn't completely ruined when she moved to another state (ikr, girls hate me, lol).

Today I've been able to have really natural conversations with girls I connect with without going crazy. I feel like a lot of my experience early on in life helped me to realize that love/friendship happens when it happens and there's not a whole lot I can do to force it. It is still really rare to find someone I enjoy, but when I do I'm usually able to look forward to being with them without letting my emotions go nuts. If you want to talk, PM me.
The negotiations were short.

also,
r/bankingclanmemes
I HATE YOU
Lovely cheese, senator.
I am haunted...
He's at the point where liposuction is his only option, so he's losing enough weight to do that right now. He did a recent video on this topic. 
It's unfair!
What you said is true but it's important to note that the reason drop shots work so well is because everyone peeks at head or crouched height. If the dropper can surprise them by being in a different position, sometimes that's enough to win the fight. Just a millisecond of readjusting aim can be fatal.
That's not a fix, that's a workaround. High ping and latency are the real culprits here, and they definitely need work. Reducing movement speed doesn't reduce peeker's advantage, it just makes the problem less noticeable. I honestly can't stand any mechanic that unnecessarily makes your character slower and more clunky. 

Also, only a few FPS games reduce ADS accuracy with movement (CS:GO). Lots of them only reduce accuracy with hipfire/full-auto (COD). In a game like Siege, you can't remove accuracy when ADS. It would pretty much break the game because headshots and pure aiming skill are so important to fights. 
[Yes my lord](http://i.imgur.com/TEweFnc.jpg)
POS
Swiss Army Man. It's such a real movie. Idk, there's just something about it that grabs the soul out of you, makes you forget about social norms, and realize how fun and stupid life is. 
It seems in your anger... You killed her.
Finding Nemo
One best pony, preferably. 
I would definitely want to do something creative. I used to love writing, like I do on my blog, and I still do, but I've taken an interest in filmmaking recently as well. I would love to direct a feature someday. 
I will not condone a course of action that will lead us to war.
Good to know. Do you think this longevity was a fluke or is the car known to last a while? I've really been impressed with the reliability of Honda Civics and Toyota Siennas, but I might look into this model next time around.
No problem! Be warned, it's a pretty jarring experience.
I know right! The author took it to a really dark place (because why not when you're making it up, right?). Just wait till you hear what happened to poor Celestia...

[](/celestea)

What movie made me cry recently?

Nocturnal Animals. Spectacular story in a very well-made film.
Yep.
hahaha, yup. It's funny looking back.
[](/abscrunchie)

I relate to Twilight the most, especially in her early days. I'm introverted, anxious about satisfying responsibilities, and interested in objectivity and intelligent conversation. I'm also a perfectionist, reluctant to let other people into my life, and self-loathing at times.

I like some of the most hated episodes in MLP, but I definitely disliked "The One Where Pinkie Pie Knows." It just felt pointless and I wasn't interested in the main gag of the episode.
I don't think it will be of much practical use unless I go into ministry, but I'm fine with it regardless. I have learned a few things here and there.
from my point of view
I was into anything where the main character transforms. Call it a "special interest" of mine at the time. I figured the fic would be weird so I gave it a go and ended up really invested in the story eventually. I'm currently reading through it again for the third time. 
I don't soup.

Both honestly, but for different reasons. Old for better lyrics, new for better jamming. 
Heck yeah, that's why I chose the Audio-Technicas. They're a great all-around solution for now. I can't afford to spend a ton of money either, but if I could I'd probably get the HD 800s. I use my audio interface on my desktop and a cute little FiiO e07k dac/amp on the go. Serves me well and makes music so much more enjoyable than settling for cheap earbuds or gaming headsets.
ATH-M50x headphones with an amp/dac and their velour earpads. I love them so much. Using them right now to listen to L.M.'s song "Voice of Passion." I just have shitty Logitech speakers. 
Oh my gosh I loved that one so much! I grew up on Veggietales. When Jonah came out we got it on VHS and shortly after discovered that they covered the song!
What was the Mazda's model and year?
Reposting every once in a while is fine as long as the last time it was posted was long enough ago. What really makes me mad is when the top post is "What's the saddest fact you know?" and shortly afterwards half the rising page is "What's the happiest fact you know?"
The prequels. You underestimate their power.
I suppose. I kinda missed the pokemon thing, so idk their names very well... I grew up on Mario and Veggietales.
Dang, I never heard that story. That's sad.

They're still really good if you got time to check them out again. They've gone from intense and emotionally mature (Forget and Not Slow Down) to more mainstream-style (Collapsible Lung) to a mix between mature and classic Relient K (Air For Free). If you wanna get caught up I'd recommend the songs, "Therapy," "Collapsible Lung," and "Mountaintop." Idk if you missed their even older "Deathbed" song or not, but that one in particular is a MUST listen.
[](/abcute2)Apple Bloom fills that hole in my heart that might one day be for a daughter. She's innocent, intelligent, cute, and cares about others. She does have clear faults as well, though, which give her character. She breaks her gender's stereotypes while also being feminine. I just love her so much and could honestly see myself going up and hugging her if I could. I also like how her character is written and developed in the show. Some pones feel one-dimensional, but she doesn't for some reason.

I was intrigued by the brony explosion, but didn't seriously consider MLP until I found the fanfic ["Five Score, Divided by Four."](https://www.fimfiction.net/story/93383/five-score-divided-by-four) It made me really fall in love with the Mane 6 and I ended up watching "Read it And Weep" as my first episode, then binge-watched it during last year's spring break. :)
that won't be necessary
Around 

> the droid attack on the wookies

a perimeter create


Well, goodness me, I was born in 97. I'd definitely call them my favorite band ever. They're just so consistently good. Have you heard their most recent album or ep?
Oh, so that was just an idea. Cool. I suppose it would be interesting, but it would be hard to shoot all those innocent pokemon. What did they ever do to me? Perhaps a marshmallow gun would be used.
I'm not familiar with it. Looks like it's a Pokemon GO tool?
Ooh, classic. I've played a bit of UT. Dirty Bomb is the closest thing to an arena shooter I play now. I can only handle so much fast-paced insanity, though. It's awesome, but pretty intense. 
I've heard of em, but haven't actually heard em much. Idk, I've never latched onto another alternative punk rock band like I have Relient K.
[](/abfreakout)Sweet Celestia I hope so. I promise I ain't gonna knock on your door at 7:30am in the morning. Those are the other religious weirdos.
Suicide booth, but instead of a quick and painless death you're shown wholesome memes and then given the opportunity to complain to the entire world and give everyone a last chance to convince you that you're worth it and should get help.
I was in the shower facing away from it and randomly raised my right leg behind me. It slammed into the underside of the tub faucet and I injured my foot something fierce. I then proceeded to crawl, naked and groaning in pain, around my dorm bandaging myself up and cleaning the wound. It's a good thing my roommate wasn't there at the time.
Relient K is the best! I got to see them live recently, it was amazing.

The college I go to requires that all students double major in Bible as well as whatever they choose. It's not something I did because I was forced to, though. I've read and studied the Bible myself for years, so I enjoy most (read: some) of the classes I'm taking on it. I'm an avid Christian so it's important to me.

[](/ablick)
Yay, another smart person (like myself of course)!

[](/abhappy)

Right now I'm really into Rainbow Six Siege and Titanfall 2. I also love Overwatch, Battlefield 4, Planetside 2, Dirty Bomb, and Insurgency. 
I've posted this story elsewhere, but I suffer from an extremely minor case of epilepsy.

This may sound silly, but it was actually horrifying at its worst. I've always gotten 10 second flashes of strong deja vu every once in a while since I was little. A few years ago, one of those "episodes" ended up with me blacked out on the floor. I woke up to a concerned family but felt fine until later that night. I was trying to get to sleep when a sudden feeling of unfamiliarity hit me. This led to fear, which compounded on itself into a full-blown panic attack. I had no idea what these were at the time, so I seriously thought I was losing my mind and was going to be mentally deficient for the rest of my life. I got out of bed and researched my feelings online, only to discover that sudden anxiety like this was just a panic attack and I would be fine. I was able to calm down and sleep after that.

The next morning I woke up but I did not feel like myself at all. It was almost as if my body was awake, but my brain thought I was asleep. It felt like I was in a lucid dream, but with a twinge of that strong dread that comes with nightmares. Nothing felt real. It was like I was living out a distant memory. My eyes lingered on random objects that appeared larger than they really were. I found myself heavily examining everything I saw impulsively, and it was tiring to say the least. I talked to my mom about it and she tried to understand and help me out, but neither of us had any clue what it was. A quick Google search later and I suspect I've been having simple partial seizures for years and only recently did one of them develop into a complex partial seizure (my black out). One very strange week later I had another black out and this time my mom pulled all the stops (she's the best). I ended up in the emergency room and afterwards visiting many doctors, but we never learned anything more than what my initial Google search pulled up. In fact, many doctors never even considered simple/complex partial seizures at all (thanks for nothing, doc). I even got brain scans (EEG) trying to replicate an episode in order to capture my brain activity, but we never got one.

All this time I was walking around in a haze. This was months of feeling like I was dreaming, having a subtle nightmare, and not feeling like myself constantly. I couldn't focus, or rather, my brain wanted to focus too much on certain things. The only real escape I found was video games. They almost got me to ignore the strangeness for a short while. I constantly had random deja vu episodes as well. They were more frequent, only this time, they were worse than before. I had an episode at my theater and the production manager happened to be looking at me at the time. She said I looked pale and was seriously concerned for me when it happened.

After some serious dieting (with the help of my too-good-for-this-world mom) and some time, it gradually went away. I never could explain it. It just disappeared and today I feel normal. I can say for certainty, though, that I've never been more desperate or in more pain than those days. I would lie on my bathroom floor for hours just praying, asking God for strength and help. It truly made me stronger as a person, and I've had the opportunity multiple times since to help friends with weird mental issues. I'm a better person as a result.
Relient K is my jam! So glad someone posted this while I was cramming for finals yesterday. You should visit [my AMA](https://www.reddit.com/r/MLPLounge/comments/69efkb/i_am_lukethegeek_the_plounge_member_of_the_day_ama/) and we can talk Relient K. ;)
[](/abbedmane)
I watch cartoons on the interwebs and recently downloaded the Harmy Despecialized Editions of the original Star Wars trilogy.

I also have about 10 separate Amazon accounts because Prime is amazing, but not $100/year amazing.