Don’t we already have Snapchat for this?
F***ing
Joffrey
My birthday too! :)
Playing games with no HUD feels totally different and movie-like. I wish more games were designed like Horizon Zero Dawn (dynamic HUD) and Hellblade (no HUD at all).
Getting hurt on your balls is the most painful experience ever!
No Facebook. Proud of you. 
It’s a trap.
Heath Ledger as The Joker.
Happening with me too
Damn you're ugly.
But the ones on the dock stays grey even after a period of time unless you open the app. So i don't think it's clearing the caches.
"Insanity: Doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results."
Get a job
Men should be the first one to ask the girl out or initiate a conversation.
Looks. Physique. Talents.
When Zinedine Zidane head-butted Materazzi in 2006 Fifa World Cup Final, got a red card and then France lost.
Talking to someone else in the middle of a conversation on the phone.
I don’t have a single one. But Game of Thrones, Sherlock and Daredevil are my most favorite TV shows.
Did he get the job?
Ghost needs to give us Rachel’s 350z.
Wait, what did he do?
Laptops.
Yep! My most favorite game and lore!
Nope. Just on my phone.
Ok now that’s some awesome handling right there. I had to replay this race 10 times! What live tuning setup did you use for your offroad car?
Play Horizon Zero Dawn and The Witcher 3.
It looks cool but sometimes it's glitchy.
Yes that’s exactly what has happened with me.
But my concern is that I just started the free trial a couple of minutes ago and I got charged now. The 14 days trial isn't even over yet.
The RX7 has been my favorite car from the Underground era! I finished the whole NFS 2015 with just my RX7. Didn’t buy a single other car. Don’t care about them. When I thought I won’t be able to get it in Payback it was a huge disappointment.
Ok I didn’t know that the list of cars rotate in a cycle. That’s better than not being able to get the car ever again.
What could be the logical/technical reason behind this?...
Thanks for speaking so rationally. Very hard to find someone like you these days. I feel the same way about the pro. I was (actually still am) a big PC fan. But never even bothered to switch to a new PC after I got my pro last year. What I like about consoles is you just buy it and sit back and enjoy games for the next 4/5 years without worrying about changing your hardware every single year!
Which race is this?
Memes on 9gag.
Playing video games.
Watching YouTube videos (specially the funny ones).
Listening to music.

If you're depressed about a breakup/someone leaving you then I’m afraid the mentioned things above doesn't really help, at least in my case.

All you have to do is try your best to tell yourself how you do not need that person in your life to prosper. If it was meant to be it should've worked out by itself. If you have to struggle too hard to keep a relationship it's not worth it.

Have faith in yourself and do stuffs like working out and eating healthy. Gain back confidence and believe you'll be able to get someone again.
New hardwares. (Smartphones, consoles, computers, etc.)
Is it a feature available only in United States?
I’m expecting to see some Witcher easter eggs in 2077.
Can anyone explain it to me what is Medium used for?
Sounds good. Doesn't work.
It's not a bug. Take a screenshot of your lock screen and take a screenshot of your home screen. View them in a computer and you'll see that the icons at the top on the lock screen are larger. So when you're pulling down the lock screen the icons are just getting bigger.
That's really good! My 7 after over a year has 86%!
Syndicate and Unity was made using the same engine but for some reason Unity looks way better than Syndicate imo.

Unity has a "cinematic" look to it which I love.
I am a fan of that car but in racing games supercars don't usually have much customization options for which I don't usually buy them. And in terms of speed the other cars can be modded with performance customizations which makes them as fast as the supercars, if not better.
Don't get too hyped. They might reveal something about Gwent!
RX7... So hot...
I like how you see it. I feel that way too. On the other hand I also think games should not have any difficulty settings. One difficulty for every player. That prevents people from boasting about finishing a game in the hardest difficulty and shaming others who played it in an easier mode.
Which skills do you think helped you the most to have an easy experience in Death March?
When PS5 comes out and I want it to be the next flagship game for Sony to show off the power of their new console.
Is Beta OS worth downloading? Or should I wait for final release?
............ REPORTED!
Now that makes sense.
Imagine yourself hanging upside down, would you hold the phone that way?
Am I the only one who’s bothered by the fact that he’s holding the phone upside down?
Yes
Doesn’t help. 
You get that on iOS 11.3 Beta 1.
Nope. I know I didn’t get it yet.
Horizon Zero Dawn if you have a PS4
I don't think they're gonna hire Hollywood celebrities for the tv series. We will most likely see new casts or casts from other tv shows.
Can be found in WLPPR app.
Been in jail. As if it's an accomplishment.
4s without the latest OS ofc...
How do you even experience this?
Night Riders by Major Lazer (NFS 2015)
Is the format set to png? I think if it's set to jpg the lag is somewhat reduced.
Thanks for your comment. You were right. I use the app called Firefox Focus and turned off Safari Integration in it's settings and that fixed it.
Safari browser.
iOS 11.2.5 Beta 6.
iPhone 7.

Anyone else facing this?
The love for the Underground games are no secret. I wonder why EA just never makes another one.
Don't you just wonder if we're ever gonna get Underground 3?
How is Payback in terms of customizations? Better than Underground 2 or NFS 2015?
Would look better without the white vignettes.
Try to reset all settings before resetting your phone.
I think eventually every AC games will be remastered. They could even be remastered more than once to show off the power of future consoles like PS5 or 6.
Shouldn't the beta users get a security update as well?
JorRaptor has good HZD contents as well. Right now he's focusing on AC Origins.
It could be the battery because everyone now knows that iPhones have slower performance with less efficient batteries. So if your battery needs to be replaced then replace it and you might get a boost in performance.
My 7 is running well. No performance issues. Maybe change your battery.
Why is this funny?
Yes I have the issue. It is quiet in some apps but very loud usually in the spotlight search. Very inconsistent.

I'm also having very quiet lock sounds.
No
Yep it happens randomly while playing games or sometimes even while watching Netflix. It might have something to do with interference with the bluetooth signals coming out of the controller. But that's just a guess. If it gets too bad restart your device. Seems to work for me as a quick fix.
If you ask me, Uncharted 4 and Lost Legacy had the best graphics of 2017.
I have this problem too. Happens randomly at times while playing games. Annoying af. Unfortunately, didn't find any solution and no idea why it happens.
Amazing contrast. Is it edited?
Guys MKBHD is good and all that but check out Brandon Havard and Ash Tailor. The best cinematographers out there on YouTube right now. Makes tech videos look like art!
You mean you started playing it but didn’t finish it? How can you not finish such an awesome story!
Yes it’s worth getting the pro.

Even if you have a 1080p display, games which are PS4 Pro enhanced with higher resolution will be supersampled to your display, which look much sharper and cleaner than the games in native 1080p.

And even if games are not in 60fps, PS4 Pro will always give you better performance than PS4. That means if a game dips to 27 fps on the PS4, it will be rock solid 30 on the Pro.
Bruh
Laughed way too hard!
At first I thought maybe it’s another language.
SSDs are great! Using a laptop which has a 256gb ssd and my disk usage is always 0-2% with every services running in the background. Never saw it go above 10% even when many applications are being installed. And I’m sure I don’t have to mention how blazing fast they are. Shutting down and starting the computer feels like waking up the computer from sleep.
https://media.giphy.com/media/glmRyiSI3v5E4/giphy.gif
Do you have a HDD or SSD on your computer?
Windows 10 is known for not working well with HDDs.

Open Task Manager. Go to Startup tab and disable all the programs from starting up when you log in to Windows.

Also, go to Services tab, right click on any services from the list and click Open Services. Try disabling Windows Search, Background Intelligent Transfer Service and Superfetch from there. In many cases they help.
Go for it. I'm using an iPhone 7 with iOS 11.2 Beta 6 on it and it is running pretty smooth.
For each program override high dpi scaling to application.
Game of my hard?
Looks so good!
Not sure if you have an eagle eye or just a stalker who went through every single photo in the album by zooming in trying to find sth interesting.
Ya but that’s only when you’re changing a display with a different resolution. But if you know your display’s resolution you can manually choose it to that resolution. And if a display does not support a certain resolution the PS4 will not let you choose that resolution manually anyway because it won’t even be in the list.
iOS 11.2 is the latest update which was released a few days ago.
Apple removed the date from the widget section in iOS 11. 
How to check CUH version?
Why though?
Can you explain? What are we supposed to look for?
Really? Does that mean If Ryan Reynolds is wearing a green tshirt in a movie they’re referencing him to Green Lantern? Or Deadpool if wearing red?
https://youtu.be/Vpj28da03JQ
How many missions are there with ships man? The game feels like a grind fest with all the ship missions to collect goods for upgrades.
I don’t wanna know if they need to or not. I just wanna know if they can or not.
I would go for the Uncharted series because I would be getting 4 games instead of 1. I will be able to keep myself busy longer.
This might help you.

Go to the directory where iTunes is installed on your computer. Usually it is C:\Program Files\iTunes.

Right click on iTunes.exe and go to Properties.

Go to the Compatibility tab at the top.

Click on Change settings for all users at the bottom.

Then check the Override high DPI scaling behavior Scaling performed by: setting and select Application from the drop down menu.

Click Ok -> Ok.

Open itunes and everything should be looking sharp.

This method can be used with any other software which looks blurry.
Get what you can afford
I agree with you.
What's the "No Apologies" award?
Thanks.
What car is that?
I never use mounts because I hate how they get stuck every now and then for the bumps on the ground. Ruins the flow. With Aloy on foot traveling around is very smooth.
Don’t know. Could be.
Try a different usb cable.
Loved that wallpaper. Don’t know why Apple had to remove that.
Charge it with an external device. Like a laptop.
You can also charge it with any other charger where you can plug in the usb cable.
What tv is it?
The latest update fixed it. No issue for me anymore on my 7.
Definitely get it. 
I don’t get it (?)
Yep.
And believe it or not, the MP3 format is actually discontinued officially.

http://fortune.com/2017/05/15/mp3-aac-music-streaming/
“Oh and better yet, songs that are matched on iTunes are 256kbs ACC flies, where as Google Play matches them to 320kbs MP3’s.”

FYI, 256kbps AAC files have better quality than 320kbps MP3 files.

https://www.diffen.com/difference/AAC_vs_MP3
Ok. Not gonna argue with that. You win this round mate.
Install what operating system? Windows 98? A new OS like Windows 10 takes up about 20GB of disk space on a machine.
Who asked for this?
8GB USB stick at this age. REAALLLY???
Doesn’t matter if you’re a fan of a certain game or not. If you care about gaming in general you’ll never support and like the idea of speedcards.
But you can’t play games in 4k on them can you? OP mentioned that he chose the Xbox One X over the PS4 Pro only because it supports 4k Blu Ray playback. Not that OP bought the One X only to watch movies.
The definition of “in your face”.
Nice customization. Love the paint job.
“She should have said no” LOL
Reminds me of the side mission in The Witcher 3 Blood and Wine where you have to pose for an artist.
Actually I think you’re right. That makes sense.
You’re not alone. Google f*cked up somewhere. Wait for an update.
LMAO
Just like how 16;9 is a standard aspect ratio manufacturers should have made 18:9 a standard one instead of making all different ratios like 18.5/9, 19/9 etc etc for their phones.

How are developers supposed to adapt their apps? Should they all make different versions for different phones? One for LG G6, one for galaxy S8, one for iPhone X and so on...
Maybe he added that mask face as a FaceID as well? (I do not own an iPhone X therefore I do not know if you can add multiple faces as FaceIDs.)
Get the Pro.
Specially 5s.
If you don’t complete some side missions before the end of the game you will not have some extra dialogs and character appearances at the end.
:’(
Do you get a lot of notifications from Instagram? That could be a reason for the background activity.
Not sure what the question means exactly but I’ll try to describe my suggestion as best as possible for everyone.

The dock will disappear only when you manually take every app out of the dock and place it on the home screen and the dock is empty (like how it is in my screenshot). And then you’re free to place apps in the bottom row of the home screen without it being in the dock.

If you decide to bring the dock back you go into wiggly mode, hold an app at the edge of the display at the bottom and the dock reappears by sliding up for you to put apps in it.
Here you go:
“It can be done like this: 
After the dock disappears, you can drag an icon down and pause for a second for the dock to appear again, and then you can place the app inside it.”
I already explained how it can be done in my previous comment.
Seems logical at first but think about it. The dock shouldn’t come back in wiggly mode because what if you placed apps at the bottom where the dock used to be? The dock will just cover that row of apps by appearing suddenly; you’ll not be able to move those apps.
I know. That’s not how my home screen looks like. I just did it for demonstration purposes for this post.
It can be done like this: 
After the dock disappears, you can drag an icon down and pause for a second for the dock to appear again, and then you can place the app inside it.
Drives me crazy as well. They should release an update for it, or at least give an option to either let the camera move freely or stay still in a certain position.
As far as I know the focus becomes blue mainly when you can scan signals. For example, a Tallneck’s signal. But it doesn’t turn blue when you’re near a loot box or anything like that.
You pervert 
Same here. Phone becomes extremely hot while watching videos on youtube. Eagerly waiting for Google to fix the issue in an update.
I know. But just for the sake of explaining I said harddisk, since most of the people knows what it is and what is its function.
You should not be closing the apps unless you really need to i.e. if an app is frozen, hung or acting strange.

The reason behind that is closing an app and opening them all over from the beginning uses more hardware resources and as a result uses up more battery. When you open an app for the first time it loads many data from the harddisk which uses power. If you leave it open in the background, the next time you come back to the app it does not have much to load, it’s already open.

And a misconception among smartphone users is that if you leave an app open in the background it’ll continue using data, which is not true. They go to a paused state and if an app has to be closed the operating system does it by itself when it needs to. This is true for both Android and iOS.
Good to know that I’m not the only one facing this issue. That means it’s not a problem with my device.

Updated the app to 12.43 today.

Phone still gets hot but not as much as before.

Update: I was wrong... Phone still gets as hot as before.
Horizon if you’re planning to play sth for a long time. Uncharted if otherwise. (Not saying that Uncharted is a short game. But Horizon is definitely longer with its open world and rpg elements and the upcoming DLC)
Sunset in Velen is probably the most beautiful compared to anywhere else in the game.
I personally did the Cauldrons as soon as I could. This gives you the advantage of overriding a dangerous machine in order to get out of difficult situations easily.

And most of the side missions does not have any impact on the major story line. You can either do it as soon as you find it or complete them before the end of the game. Not much difference. Remember, this is not Witcher 3.

If you’re a completionist, you might have to google about finding some side missions around the map. Some are very tricky to find.
The content of the tv screen does not match. But very creative nonetheless.
Try these 3 apps:

1) Background.

2) Vellum.

3) WLPPR.

Also check out the website: shredr.co for glitchy wallpapers.
Meanwhile 11.2 Beta 1 got released.
Nice. What vsco preset did you use?
Am I the only one facing an issue of home button delay?
When I press the home button on my iPhone 7 to get out of any app, there's a delay of few milliseconds and then it responds. Whereas on iOS 10 it used to respond instantly.
Get a PRO of course!
It's weird how nobody is talking about the RAM issue...
Good to know I was able to help.
Open Crimson. Go to Gaming tab. Press "Add" on the top right side and "Browse". Manually add the executable file of a game of your choice. Set up all the settings however you like it, set the frame rate target control etc etc...

Now the important part. Go back to Gaming tab after setting up the custom profile of your game. Launch the game via the Crimson software itself. Click on the "3 dots" on the right side of your added game and then press "Launch". Your game should run at the specified frame rate no matter what in what window size it is running (full screen or windowed).

This is what worked for me in every game. Otherwise it never works if I launch the game from the windows explorer.

Hope this helps.