Post an after pic?
Looks like the Dragon Aerie
That is the most interesting way to dose coffee but whatever works mate!
Solids are normally weighed in grams, since you're finding the mass. Unless you know the volume of the beans?
Looks like a twig on the ground with a leaf
Are you asking because you don't like D5? Or because you've already beat it?
WOW! Dude you're not alone! My eyes twitch, my legs ache and burn, my heart rushes and freaks out, it's hard to breathe at almost any random moment (active or inactive) 

My mind is on constant overload, and I can barely stay asleep long enough to dream. 

I'm constantly naseuous and my digestive system is terrible from top to bottom 

Please tell me if anyone has an answer, I just want to feel happy/normal/whatever that is
This is so weird, but sometimes calculus just does that for me, kinda gets my brain distracted from life.
Am I allowed to say you have a beautiful sense of poetry? It's very subtle. It hits me on a very personal level. 

It sucks that it's us that hurt so badly often become the most creative. Pain creates creativity I suppose.
My past girlfriend dumped me (twice) because I was distant or negative or whatever reason. But it was because I was going through some really bad shit in my head, that I haven't gotten through yet. 

She told me "you can't change" or "you won't get better" or "this can't work"

It just kinda sucked because it was like, maybe she was the only thing that made me positive at all? I'm not really sure. 

She never really knew or seemed to care about my depression though, so I guess it didn't matter. 

I have a new girlfriend now, who also has some issues, and she gets how it feels (which is sad, but also comforting in a weird way) 

So now when I can't perform, or I just break down, or have a general air of apathy, at least she gets it. 

This reply doesn't really help, but maybe the perspective can lead you to some helpful conclusion. 

You deserve someone who wants to help you through your issues, not run away from them.
You're lucky to have that one friend mate, hold on to them, appreciate them.
If you ever decide upon an aeropress or moka pot, CafÃ© Bustelo is sold at most stores, and is only like 5 dollars (US). It's my favourite 'go to" budget coffee. I wouldn't recommend it for anything other than aero press or moka pot though, because it's ground so fine. 

Good company, great coffee, at a great price. 

Also the aeropress is super easy to clean, and it's portable!
Well it is a station for coffee, but to some we may find it sad on what you are missing out on. But hey, if you like it, that's awesome! 

I personally recommend buying fresh coffee from a reputable source and grinding it before I brew. 

But that's a lot of extra work for some, so it may not be worth it. To me, the taste is well worth the time and effort! 

Keep enjoying coffee mate, if you ever have questions on how to really get into coffee check out the coffee sub Reddit, they should generally be very inviting!
If you care this much about your coffee, may I suggest you support your local community businesses and buy coffee from them. That's as ethical as it gets. 

Also, if you do care that much, I assume you would like it to be fresh too, so I'd recommend grinding right before you brew. Go with Burr grinders. For a solid electric choice, backed by a good company: the baratza encore. For a manual choice, backed by the same brand that made your V60: the Hario Skerton 

I used to be in your situation, but once I switched over to local coffee and started grinding it myself, a whole new world of flavour opened up! Plus it's supporting local business!
How was this made?
When you let your heart win, whoa
I think it's just common knowledge that people that repost are stealing the acknowledgement/upvotes/praise from the OP. You're not in the right mate.
I know Martin's can take a beating, but not what I had in mind. How did it taste?
I live across from a really high quality cafe, 
I have two jobs:
At one, I am a block away from a great local coffeehouse 
But at my other, I'm across from a Starbucks. 

Starbucks isnt my favourite, for sure, but at 9 am, any source of caffiene is appreciated. 

That does look nice though
I also have this scale, along with a few others. This one is my favourite! Quite accurate, and fast! Can switch between g, ml, oz, lb and tares quite quickly.
Have you heard the original? It's not bad, I kinda like how atmospheric it is
Nah, he'd have just used the Amber line
Finish up the discography!
I concur
**YEEZY YEEZY YEEZY JUST JUMPED OVER JUMPMAN**

Bound2
30 hours
We major
Fsmh pt1 and pt2
Flashing lights

**YEEZY YEEZY WHAT'S GOOD?**
Oh you're kidding me, haha that was a good one!
Do we really hate Taylor, or is this just one big joke? Because I feel like him and Taylor might still have sex...
Always been into Kanye, but sadly the first album that I was apart of the initial hype was Turbo Grafx 16, if that counts.
I personally think all of his opening tracks are amazing.

 Ultralight Beam is epic, On Sight is aggressive, Say You Will is atmospheric, Dark Fantasy is beautiful dark and twisted, Good Morning is chill and bumpin, and even Wake Up Mr West and Intro are great because they are followed directly by two of my fave Ye songs: Heard em Say and We Don't Care! 

To say one is the best, with no debate is crazy! Because they are all so ***WAVY***
Understandable, hit us up with a reply or something, tell us what you think. How do they fit? Comfy? Etc etc
Just got mine yesterday! ðŸŒŠ How do yours fit?
Hey bro, this subreddit is wavy, we don't have time to get all trolly or rude, we all love Ye, we all love each other. ðŸŒŠðŸŒŠstay wavy
Quality shitpost.
Please be correct, I need me some more Ye!
Yeah I agree, Yeezus is so good it can't even be put on the same ranking system as normal music. 

Seriously though, give it a serious listen to! (Or another) 

PS. Red is better than 1989
They all the best albums he's ever made.
And she just bleached her asshole... 

Such beautiful poetry (seriously, low-key my favourite verse in all history)
So is mbdtf your favourite, or are mbdtf, ye, and CD your favourite?
Siiiiiiiiilver surffffeeeeeer intermission?
That's our cosa nostra
I been outta my mind a long time
Wow, this is fire
Take away all the branding, and I like it.
Looks good mate, I like it.
I'm pretty sure this sub is pretty anti piracy. So we'd recommend checking like best buy or Amazon or local music store. 

Or you could always check out r/piracy or like r/megalinks 
I'm not saying they have every single release that Ye has ever put out, but I'm also not saying they don't. 

Again, not recommending it, just saying you have options if you're willing to do the bare minimum of digging
They are all tied for me... ðŸ˜­
1. I live in a town with a local airport, nothing too big, but there is an almost 3 mile loop around the place (maybe more not sure) with tons of turns. I like to drive it late at night, because there are beautiful blue, red, green tracking lights for the planes. Listening to 808s going down that road over and over was so beautiful. 

2.  My first time hearing 30 hours was after a bad break up, that was a magical song. 

3. Love Lockdown was actually my first Kanye song, but no one told me who the artist was (just a random song a friend was playing) and it took me a while to find out who he was, since at the time I was mostly into alt rock 

4. Hearing ultralight beam for the first time blew me away, such a great epic gospel 

5. Lastly, just gave yeezus a real chance the other day, I was in the shower. As soon as On Sight started, I was hooked. One of my favourite albums. Just needs a good context to appreciate

Edit: for some reason Sync is messing up my layout and won't let me fix it haha. 
Edit 2: got it.
Happens on Sync Pro too
Jeez, this is the 3rd time I've seen this post on this sub today..
This is really cool, but I don't necessarily see the connection to Skyrim?
Wow an actually unethical post! Nice!
Olive garden has given my friends free desert before, but I've never tested it myself
Yeah, babies just cry and poop anyway, why bother.
Is it that it goes away or you lose the ability to recognize that your doing it? Because I tend to stutter over my words a lot, and I think I do better when I've been drinking, but no one has ever reaffirmed that idea haha.
Yes it's violating the sprit, but we give exceptions when it's unexpectedly really funny! And you gotta admit, this one was a good exception to make. It's obviously fake, which is important, so people aren't tricked.
Double it, add 32. You'll be close enough to understand the general feel. 15*2=30. Plus 32= 62. In my opinion 62 and 59 are close enough.
Vans and Converse look so good as dirty ol beaters!
He such a good boye
So people have pointed out already to use anywhere on the screen. I will add that it helps to make your swipes quick, smooth, and long. Maybe like half the length of the phone. I personally use the center of the phone to flick up or down to answer or decline

Edit: Think of it more like a flick than a gentle swipe?
Yee
These look like knock off Jordans, anyone care to explain why these are a desired find?
You're not really being logical. The guy just made a comment that was light hearted. Not meant to be taken so literally... Logically, you would have seen that people can say things that don't mean exactly what they say. Like "raining cats and dogs" just means it's raining really hard. Saying "this is the best thing I've ever seen" on Reddit is really just saying "this was a really good post"

You could say "you have to be 100% honest!" But good luck with enforcing that. Let people have their fun, no need to critique them, especially if they are sending positivity, instead of your negativity.
I live in a part of America where it's either iPhone or cheap slow Android. My iPhone friends think my phone is just some Walmart Android phone. My Android friends think I've overpayed for a phone that isn't as good as an iPhone. 

You know what I do to persuade them? I don't try at all. But when they see my phone camera or navigate the UI they all end up saying "wow, I like your phone" 

No need to try and convince anyone. If they don't understand, it's not a big deal, it's just a phone. But when they happen to experience it themselves, that's nice
Anything is possible if you want to pay the money. But the phone is going on 3 years old at this point, it doesn't make sense for companies to keep fixing it. 

I have a bootlooped 5x. I have a Panda now, and love it. Maybe it's time for you to move on haha
I'll give it a shot haha
Interesting, but of course being on a Pixel, on Oreo, I just have never moved away from stock. I have noticed chrome lagging behind what I normally expect... Hmm, I may try out Tugabrowser. But let's be real, I'm probably just gunna keep Chrome as my main
Likes Starbucks, but also has an Encore. You, my friend, are a well rounded individual
I have been waiting for the pass/dlc to go on sale, but it hasn't yet. I'm tempted just to buy this since I only have the digital release
Roughly 55 dollars plus shipping and handling if you expedite to two day or one day. 

Edit: the joke is that 110 is for 2 shoes.. so 55 is for 1... Anyway. Hah
Side note, please don't throw systems away, sell them on eBay for dirt cheap so people like me can repair them for another generation of use! 

It's sad to see retro consoles be tossed or scrapped, when they could be fixed and loved by someone.
If you can, wait until dark souls 1 remastered? Play it. Then play bloodborne. And then move on with your life. Hahaha, I guess that's too blunt. 

The idea is sorta like the star wars movies. Prequels or originals? Which to play first? If you watch the prequels, your standards will be blown away for the original trilogy. But if you watch them in release order, you get the story the way you are meant to see it.

So either play DeS, DkS1, DkS2, BB, then DkS3(in terms of release date) Or play in terms of "quality": Dks1 and BB, then DeS, then dkDkS2 and DkS3. 
Who knows. 

**tldr** *If I had to choose between 2 and 3... 3 with DLC probably edges it out for solo play. Dks2 is better if the pvp scene was still kicking.* I personally don't want you to get a poor taste of what Dark Souls is supposed to be. But I don't want you to expect too much of Dark Souls 1 either. So I think if you play dks1 with no prior context, you'll be the most satisfied. Then bloodborne, since it plays like you've already played souls. And then deal with the other 2 souls games on PS4. Since they feel more like epilogues or fanfics of the original IPs of Miyazaki (dks1 and bb)
I think you should think less about game devs being owned by big corporations. I love Sony studios, but I want people to be as free from corporate as possible.
Came to say Souls, TW3, and BOTW; however, seems like they've already been said. 

A small part of me thinks PUBG will be smiled back upon, but nothing like how we see something like GoldenEye.
Dark Souls 1 doesn't come out until this spring.... Oh you mean Destiny... Yeaaaah, I suppose. 

Well, alongside accidentally selling a PS4, might as well buy the PRO, that way Sony sells more of the PRO. That way they know we care about the extra performance. 

Lol. Dude it doesn't matter. Just buy the one you want.
I agree with you, though I'd add some people find steam sales, humble bundles, etc. Play Station doesn't have very many good deals compared to the PC market. Not just graphics. Some people love being able to personalize and build a unique system. 

It's not that it's unpopular, just that you aren't giving the other side much credit haha.
Hmm the lack of decent prices on computer parts is what does it for me. But also, because I grew up playing PlayStation my whole life, I kinda just keep up the trend.
Okay, so I was having a couple similar problems, and I am going to be honest with you, I gave up. I got the PRO. It's so much quieter, faster, better! But if I had to take a guess, I'd think maybe a corrupted hard drive? Who knows though, I'm a pleb. 

So, might as well pop open the ps4 and take a look around. Get some condensed air and clean it all out. After than I'd do the same to the USB ports. Of course make sure all the resistors and ribbon cables and all that good stuff is connected and not leaking acid or something hahaha. I'd think if you saw some pieces looked like they weren't seated properly you could resolder them to the board. then your next best bet is to take out the hard drive and put in a new one. 

If you can get that up and running to reset the ps4, then transfer the data off the old one (you'll have to look up the logistics of that, because I've never done it, but I assume it would work for your saves at least) you should be in decent standing. 

But really, the best solution is to know when to call it, and you're dealing with a PS4 that even if you fix now, it's not going to last much longer. Upgrade to the PRO, you'll thank yourself! Even if you don't have a 4k tv, you will benefit from the framerates and speed of the thing. 

I wish you luck.
Maybe other people have had luck, but there are some serious connection issues with it. Really spotty. At least with the launch ps4, but my ps4 pro can actually stream to my Vita with 50/50 success if I'm close enough.
Simple, just get the Type R, and then pretend it was justified! Best of both worlds.
Some people always jump to negativity, but the idea is: if you don't like something, all you have to do is not buy it. I can safely assume most of us live in a capitalist economy, so just don't buy the thing if it doesn't suit your fancy.  

I'm getting this game because I **need** dark souls on my switch! I don't care if it's the exact same game as I have on my PS3 or 360 or PC, I just want portable dark souls. 

Some of you guys are nitpicking that it needs to be DKS3 engine, or that it has to have *insert mechanical improvement* (like rolling or poise) but I personally find the less they change, the more like the original it will be: and I don't see the problem with that. 

Wait for it to come out before you start bashing on it, we've only seen a minute long teaser.
Cat.
Googling that provided tons of answers and products. I won't link any of them, because you can easily sort that out yourself. But what I will say is, best to just find a Sony PS3 controller on eBay/Newegg/Amazon, or a used one from GameStop. 

Word of advice: never get a controller from any Chinese seller, the ones I've gotten, being as cheap as I am, have been utter rubbish. 
Stick with the Official Sony branded controllers. (extra side note, on Newegg and eBay, the Chinese sellers sometimes say they are official, or SONY branded, but don't trust that; I did and got ripped off with a janky controller)
Why not both? An LG Google Pixel 2 XL haha
Mate, you'd be best to just let it go, you're grabbing more downvotes than necessary. Your opinion is flawed. 
Japanese developers are Japanese, and most Japanese people have a Play Station. On top of that, the Play Station has much better sales. On top of that, it's already got a community of fans of Japanese developed games. 

It makes *every* sense why a Japanese developer would spend their time coding and making games for one console they know they can actually make profit.

It's kinda crazy to expect every developer you want to go out of their way and risk their business just to poorly sell a few games to a market that normally doesn't care for said games. It's great that certain publishers (Bandai) can back projects like Naruto/DBZ/Souls because, without big companies that can publish, then no Dev would waste their time porting games over on the XBONE, it's just not a wise financial decision without tons of marketing and funds (which only companies like Bandai have). 

That said, many of us dislike big publishers, since they restrict the freedom of the people actually developing the game in different ways. But your idea would mean all games would need a big publisher to help port the game. With that comes stricter budgets, due dates, and other expectations. 

**If you love JRPGS, then why would you have bought an XBONE? Likewise, if I liked Halo, why would I have bought a PS4?**
You buy the system that caters to the games you like. I have a PSVITA because I love visual novels and JRPGS; you don't see me getting mad at Nintendo for not having those games. (that said... I also have a 2ds haha) 

You made a poor argument, and it came off arrogant. I am not trying to be rude, I'm trying to help you, so you can see where you went wrong. *Unless you're trolling, then... Good job?*
I upvoted you because it's an opinion, not because I agree. I personally find it the game with the least amount of heart. *opinions people*
My p2xl has a harder time keeping clarity in low light than my OG Pixel, I wonder what that problem is. Every seems to love their p2 camera. :/
I came here to say this exact thing, you will really find it to be worth the extra money, it's an amazing phone.
I had a N5X, when it hit the fan I went back to an older phone, really missed stock Android. I ended up getting an OG Pixel. Loved it to death. But I really wanted a bigger screen, so I got the P2XL, and I love it even more! 

My girlfriend has the smaller P2, and it's amazing! I'd highly recommend it. *The screen is great, the phone is fast, and stock Android is as beautiful as ever! Oh, and the support is great!* 

If you can get a good deal, then I'd say you already know the best option! -- I don't take many pictures, I don't play games on my phone, I prefer IPS, to be honest, and I always keep my phone in a case. 

All that said, I hands down vote the Pixel 2 for the software alone.
I wish there was a way to see the removed comments. Having a bot automatically delete everything everyone thinks seems a little overkill (and killing is bad right?)
I'd say play the game as if you're trying to learn the back story. Question things like "why is this here?" Or "why are these enemies placed here instead of there". The world is very expansive, but doesn't shove it in your face, it's probably the hardest out of the series to find answers, but those answers seem the most rewarding. 

Think of the "challenge" being that it punishes you for impatience and not thinking things through, besides that the rest of the difficultly is just what you make of it. You choose how hard the game is. If you take things slow, fight from a distance, then the game is a cakewalk. But if you are trying to rush through something, or only use one playstyle, it'll become difficult 

I agree with the other post, magic is a good way to get a good first run in, it is very low risk, and can feel very rewarding, but don't shy away from making the game more difficult for yourself either, and going physical.
I know this is a little late. But I highly recommend sticking with C-C charging. 

From what we've experienced, most problems happen with A to C trying to maximize charge speed, which is good, but when not properly designed for the phone, it can cause over heating to the charger/cable. People have had cables melt, phones overheat, and laptops have had troubles too, due to A to C technology. 

A to C is designed, to my intuition, to be used as a data transfering option with the Google Pixel phones. Not really supposed to be an equal option to C to C. There are exceptions, like proprietary cables from OnePlus or Huawei, but these shouldnt be used on hardware that isn't designed to use those cables either. 
- - -
Google themselves may have restricted A to C throughput to keep things from exploding or over heating, since people still try to use the A to C cables even though they shouldn't. 

Of course do whatever works for you, that's just my thoughts on the matter
Just an equipment company, I think specifically for law enforcement, but don't quote me on that. 

People have often complained about their customer service. People also say they just run their business kinda shady. 

What's that mean? Up to you.
Can you hear me now?
Oh gowrsh




BAYH
Glitchy? I'd like a small little review if you find the time
https://www.verizonwireless.com/support/google-home-mini-promo/
My girlfriend got the fabric case for her phone, and while she loves it, the fabric has already started turning blue because of her jeans. 

Keep that in mind, if you happen to go down that route.
Mine shipped a week before the estimated ship by date. And delivered within 2 business days.  

Black and White P2XL. Estimated ship by date Nov 27. Actual ship by date? November 20th.
The fluidity of Google stock pixel launcher is way too good to pass up for me. 

I do run Nova Prime on my Nexus 5X, and it's pretty good, but not as good as the Pixel launcher is on my OG Pixel or P2XL
Glad someone said this! The only way you can have a true answer is if you try it yourself. Coffee is meant to be good for "you" and it doesn't matter how anyone else likes it! :D
On my V60, for darker roasts I tend to like a 1:17 out even 1:18. Couldn't tell you the science why. But for a great light roast, even if I mess it up, it's still great.

Edit: this is personal taste and in no way an objective statement
Actually chuckled at that
Anything is possible, the filters are just paper. 

However, in what circumstance will you have the KW but not have filters? Just keep filters in your KW so you don't have to think about it. Buy more filters than you need, keep a whole pack in your backpack/suitcase. That's what I do 


Anecdote. 
One time I made coffee in my V60 (size 02) with a size 04 filter... Did it work? Technically. Would I do it again? Not in a million years. 
It just feels wrong more than anything. Feels tacky
Yes 

Edit. Yes it's sufficient because you've already made the choice from preground to ground at store, from ground at store to ground at home, from blade grinder to Burr grinder. 

I'd argue as long as you don't have a really crappy Burr grinder you will be able to make a good cup, or in other terms "sufficient"

But you'll quickly learn, you will always want to upgrade, or at least I am that way
So you're saying it shipped earlier than you expected? Just clarifying, because my ship date is the 27th and I'd love to get it sooner!
You have a 14 day return window, and a 2 year RMA window. I'm saying figure out if you like it within a week and decide from there
What you're asking is how do you unhide apps on Nova, and the answer is 
-go to app drawer
-search for all
-hold on app icon and drag into "edit" area on top right
-check "show app" or something like that

As for deleting things part of the OS. No. It's meant to be there. Just keep it. I only recommend uninstalling things you installed yourself, everything else was put there for a reason. (Except daydream VR. That thing is useless) 

Your phone won't be any faster if you delete 300mb of integral apps. And generally you can't really change OS things without some play store app from some sketchy Dev, or rooting. 

Keep things stock for now, and slowly start learning the platform you're on. If you just go randomly changing a bunch of stuff now, then you risk messing up things past repair hahaha (unless you completely reset) 

Take it slow
Get the Pixel 2 XL, and if you get a bad screen, return it and get the smaller one.
What is the rightmost icon in the dock?
Use 3a5v/2a9v charger's only! You should be golden if you stay in that realm 

That said, you'd think USB would be smart enough to work on any device, so I'd assume you'd be okay, but why risk it

If you are shopping on amazon, just search "3 amp type c car charger" or something, and pick one with decent reviews and a decent price

Edit, don't see the reason I'm downvoted, if the switch charger is 3a 5v, I'm saying it works as intended.
I thought a mule was a character with every item? Am I wrong?

If I'm right, and a mule has every item, why would he need another ring?
Minecraft meets Jon snow
Why do you want a ring if you have a mule? Sorry if this has been answered before
Buy it, love it, keep it. 

Buy it, hate it, return it. 

Yes buy it! Odds are you'll love the thing!
That's fine, OnePlus went through a lot of testing to create a proprietary charger that fast charges their phones. A to C should be just fine if that's what the OEM intends. 

But yeah, as for Google, HTC, LG, etc, best to just stay safe with C to C for charging
Not sure if you will get the reply I sent to the other guy, but pretty much A to C, unless OEM specified (by propietary means) is meant to be used as a data transfer tool, not as a power supply. 

C to C is the cable that can effectively transfer the correct spec and current that the phone is designed for, and when you go outside the realm of what the phone is designed to do, accidents have been known to happening (as small as ruining the cable or charging port, to frying an entire PixelBook) 
Sorry, I had a long day at work... 
Read "Google engineer leaves scathing reviews of dodgy USB Type-C cables on Amazon - Most cheap USB Type-C cables can't carry the full 3.0A required by the spec" on Ars Technica if you want more info. 

Type C was made to transfer data and supply a charge. It also is backwards compatible. However, many USB A to C cables do not effectively transfer power, and end up charging at a bottleneck. Also, since some are known to overheat, you risk playing a game with which cable is safe and which isn't.

I have always seen Type C to type A for data transfer only, so that you don't need to buy a dongle every time you want to sync data with your PC or whatever. 

For charging though, I'd much rather spend a couple more bucks on a C to C cable and not have to worry about the safety of my phone, than get an A to C cable that may not be properly assembled to restrict pulling or pushing too much of a current. This may just be a fluke, and some A to C cables (the one's Benson reviewed) were faulty, but I don't see why anyone would take the risk. You spent 600+ on a device, might as well treat it good. And C to C is the safest bet. As for Pixels themselves, they use PD, which is a C to C standard of "fast" charging, I wouldn't want a A to C cable accidentally trigger the "rapid charging" and overheat and ruin the cable, or worse ruin the charging port... or explode haha.

All C to C cables are safe, and OnePlus/other OEM cables are safe with their respective phones, but I wouldn't use a OnePlus A to C cable (if those exist) with a LG V30, because the V30 doesn't know how much juice to suck from it.

That said, I think you are fine to use A to C 90% of the time, but man that 10% probably isn't worth it. Best to just move on with the times instead of playing a guessing game of quality. And generally, charging bricks and phones themselves are smart enough to know how much of a current to supply, but it's that low chance that they miscommunicate and accidents happen. 

Love that calculator..
Never use any form of type A to type C if you can help it

Edit: Unless for data transfer, or OEM uses a proprietary charger. 
The grey one had the teal power button... But dang this looks slick too
My girlfriend has this case on her P2, and it feels amazing! I almost want to buy one for myself! But I got the Bellroy leather case, so I can't justify another 40 dollar purchase
To further elaborate, I ordered my Pixel 2 XL on October 4th, with a ship date of November 27th... Yet I'm randomly getting a notification at the end of October? Anyone care to elaborate?
Oh I misinterpreted.... I hope it comes soon, I thought you were saying "I got it yesterday"
Little late, but I have a Panda ordered, and I'm keeping it. I've already ordered 2 cases and a dbrand skin. Plus I don't get it until November 30th, so hopefully the second big batch will have a much higher "acceptance" rate. 

Plus I've been waiting for this phone for so long, a 6inch Google phone (rip my Nexus 6) so I am gunna hope it's alright
WHAT?! That sounds so awesome dude!
Only 34 more days!
I was just noticing this a couple days ago! I have an OG Pixel, and it has a considerable blue shift. 

That said I didn't notice it until this became an "issue" before it was just fine haha
Pretty sure Droid Life just posted a video in 4k examining all the different screens 
My girlfriend got hers today, and just to be blunt: it is right up there with the iPhone's! The haptic feedback even feels good on the keyboard! 

I was genuinely surprised! She has the regular P2, so I hope the P2XL is the same!
Can you explain more about the haptic feedback? I hated the vibration on the OG Pixel, and I had to end up RMA'ing because my motor got busted. 

I hope this one is better
Well, I guess if I need new 3.5mm headphones, I'll check those out, and okay thanks
I keep saying I will do that, and I am saying it again this year... I hope I keep it, but every new year, the phones seem so nice, must buy
Hopefully, some smart audio-heads can also answer this, so I don't have to make a separate post:

Can we use Type C headphones? Like the "Xiaomi Noise Cancellation In-ear Earphones Type-C Versionâ€Ž" 
Just looked at it, My stock charger says 5V at 3A or 9V at 2A. So either 15 watts or 18 watts. (Volts x Amps = watts) 
Technically this is power delivery. 
But, I bought a 29 watt charger to future proof myself when the Pixel phones will actually use fast charging to it's best potential
The Pixel and Xl charge at 15 and 18 watts respectively. As for the second generation of devices, they are capable of 27 watt charging, but due to the battery and circuitry itself, it's also maxed out at 18 watts. 

As for amperage, I'm not sure

Edit- for better clarification, the smaller one will be restricted to the lower wattage. Which is 5V at 3A (5x3=15watts)
I will be using my P2XL with TMO, but...
I'm on an older plan with unlimited data for like 35 bucks a month, and I don't want to lose it, so I'm not switching to TMO one.
Power Delivery is what you need. The Pixel 2 supports PD 2 up to 18 watts. That's the fastest charge you'll be getting on the Pixel. When doing a search, just tag on "power delivery" and tons of options will come up. 

That said, I don't really feel a difference between the stock charger that came with my OG pixel and the 29W PD2 charger I also have.
I only have a Pixel 1 right now, until my P2XL comes in, but it's a Verizon Pixel but works just fine on TMO. I assume it's the same case with the P2
Ugh please be a troll post
I personally hate this widget, and hope there is a way to get rid of it. 

It just looks weird up there.
Got a 64 gb as soon as the keynote ended on October 4th, I had to refresh my page around 400 times, and I used my phone, MacBook, and my laptop to keep a solid page open during every refresh. Finally went through on my phone. 

Sadly, I still won't get it until November 29th-30th
There's a whole post just for the Canadians I'm sure they'd know more about that then us lowly Americans.
That sounds super sketchy. And while there are rules set up where people can't steal your device, people are people. 

I'd try to pick one up at a best buy, or order for pickup in store.

Regardless, best of luck with whatever you decide
Well it has a DWR+UV coating, which will at least make it water resistant.
MKBHD previewed live cases back on the Nexus 6P a long time ago, and said "these are designed specifically by google for these phones. So these port cutouts and button cutouts and finger print reader are all pretty much precise-- they're on point"

I know it was Made by Bellroy, but specifically Made for Google, so let's hope that they hold up to the same standard as Google sets their own cases to be.
Now if Google Dou would actually work for me
That's what I said at first, but I justified myself by saying "well they do have a 3 year warranty" and, there is a cut out for the power button to show off the orange, if you got the Panda, which for some reason I feel the need to show off.
Did using retroarch work? Once I know I can play Japanese ROMs, I'm going to use the hack. 
I'm really looking forward to star ocean and smt
I pronounce it like SNES. (suh-nes)
As for the spacing,  there is a bit of room for dust on the back of the Ringke near the charging port. That isn't a problem on the spigen as it molds more to the phone. If that's what you're asking. 

The thickness of both cases is negligible, both feel great. But the PC back of the Ringke is thicker than the TPU of the spigen. 

Can I tell the difference using my phone? No.
Can I see the difference looking at my phone? Not really.

If it means this much to you, I recommend just getting a skin, because nothing beats no case at all when it comes to how it feels. 

The Ringke feels more sturdy and rugged with more aggressive corners. 
The Spigen feels more ergonomic and smooth, with more rounded corners.
Spigen is thinner and more flexible. Ringke is (slightly) thicker and much more rigid
I heard Star Ocean didn't work? Do Japanese games work just fine?

I understand that, that is the main reason I got the 5" pixel. I think you'll definitely enjoy the new hardware. 
My girlfriend bought the Pixel 2 (5") because she knew she was just going to be putting a case on it and doesn't care much about the bezels anyway. 

That said, I went straight to the XL, I think the 5" looks terrible haha
Wish there was a version without the Assistant for half the price... but that's asking to much. 
Ringke or Tech21 have always been good to me. That said, I think I may finally be ditching plastic cases, and favouring the Bellroy leather case. Mostly because, while Ringke has been perfect to me, it still feels like I am holding a brick of plastic instead of a 900 dollar device. 

If you want a clear case that doesn't yellow, get the Ringke.
If you want a clear case with a hint of elegance, get Tech21.
If you want a clear case that feels good in the hand, get Spigen. 
If you want a waterproof case, LifeProof is your best bet.
But for wireless charging and battery cases I am more cautious. 

If you want a battery case I just recommend a RavPower or Anker battery pack with PD. That is much safer and future proof! 

As for Wireless charging, I don't trust that kind of technology in a case, but I think they will eventually come out with some compatible type c connectors that have an adhesive wireless charging pad that sticks to the back of your phone, and then a thin case (like the Spigen) would probably allow pass through to charge your phone. I must say though, I highly recommend just using what the developers had in mind, and if they thought wireless charging was needed, they would have done it. Or get the V30, Note 8, iPhone X, or the Pixel 3... haha 
That said, if you want the Pixel 2, and you must have wireless charging look up for yourself products like these for now:
-UGpine Black Wireless Charging Receiver
-DISDIM Type C Qi Wireless Charger Receiver
-Nillkin Magic Tag USB C Qi Wireless Charger Receiver Chip
With those, you can easily go on an Amazon rabbit hole shopping experience to find any that suit your needs. (still think they are unsafe)

And the only case I would recommend for wireless charging is the Morphie Juice Pack. When it came out on Pixel, it added around 950 mAh of battery, and had wireless charging. Just wait for them to release one for the P2XL, it is your safest bet if you must have it. 

Aesthetic alone, disregarding all else, just get something from the Google Store. 
Did you grab the XL or the regular size? Battery life on the 5 inch Pixel (1st gen) was very hit or miss for me, while my friends and the tech community has really praised the XL for having a great battery life. 

I am hoping that the smaller Pixel 2 this year has a better battery life, but I went ahead and ordered the XL for the bigger battery (and because... I mean look at the thing, it's way better looking!) 

I went from a Nexus 5X to the Pixel, and while it is really fast, what you're really getting into is a phone that is supported, and gets updates as soon as they come out. I personally find even my Galaxy Nexus still "fast enough" so anything faster is just icing on the cake. 
No chime for me, and Switch Access looks like a total privacy breach. It wants access to everything you do...
Hey, if you spend 700+ bucks on a phone, you are going to want to take good care of it, and be stylish in the process, no problem
Like with any case, don't expose it to sunlight for long periods of time, or clean it with anything other than water (especially not with alcohol) 

These are what have discoloured my cases in the past. (not sure if it's scientific, but it's been my experience)
Hmm I don't have anywhere near the accuracy as you do. :/ Seems my phone barely recognizes or unlocks my phone on "ok Google" commands, and I have it set to do just that.
If anyone finds this option, please reply!
I personally think the Spigen fits better in the hand, but there is more material on the Ringke. So protection wise Ringke seems to be good. 

My 5x was white, I would have seen any yellowing easily. But there wasn't any. 

The case I had and have is the Smoke Black version. It is clear on the back, but the you bumper is TPU so it will yellow like any other TPU material. Smoke Black negates the affect, since adding yellow to black is still black. 
---
The Ringke is thicker on the back, the you is about the same thickness but fits much righter. It takes two ands and a decent amount of pressure to get the case off. For my Spigen, it could come off one handed and was very lightweight. 

Really personal choice. I find the Ringke to be more protective, and elegant. The Spigen is more rounded, thinner, and all TPU (meaning it will yellow). 

I don't believe in drop tests, and I have never broken a phone before and don't plan to now.
Ordered a black XL right after the conference, estimated to come the 19th this month, cancelled it once I got a Panda order in. But it won't come until the 29th... Of November...
Wow, I didn't even know an opinion like this existed! I never even thought of chrome search or Google search (bar) would be different. 

Now that you say it though, that's how I browse on chrome, I open multiple tabs. And I do often get annoyed with the user experience of constantly backing out, the app closing or going to home screen, researching the same thing again, and continuing to try and find useful information. 

That said, I love having the search bar there when I need it, but don't argue that using a full browser with tabs is more efficient! 

Something about having the search bar to give simple results is very handy in busy situations. But any time that I'm not busy and have time to scroll through 5 or 6 different websites, I'm probably just on my computer so it doesn't affect me as much.
I'd say the Google line up for anyone who comes from iPhone is equally baised towards Google or Samsung. 

For most of my friends using iPhone, a big deal for them is security. And they trust the bigger brands for that. The biggest brands are Apple, Samsung, Google (not objectively, but in terms of recognition). You could argue LG, HTC, or any other brand, but I've never heard any iPhone user in person even talk about those phones, unless it's a cheap Walmart phone that one of their friends uses that barely works. (Not saying budget phones can't be good, but most naive people don't pick the right options when it comes to budget phones) 

But every one knows Samsung, and everyone knows Google (maybe not to the extent of the Pixel, but the brand recognition is surely there) 

So I think the Google hardware really appeals to people switching from iPhone, because they think it's a safe bet. 
That said, I feel like they are still more inclined to get an S8 or Note 8 over a Pixel, because most people think the Pixel is ugly... :( 

As for the Android users, if they aren't in to tech, or appreciate small details, or don't even know what "stock Android is" they will stick with their feature packed phones like the Note 8, V30, and etc. 

In all, I don't see many people switching camps, but I do thing the Pixel is a nice middle ground between the two sides. 

Also, no one buys Google Hardware because they think they have to be a Verizon customer. And I even know Google Fans themselves that are confused by the marketing "only on Verizon"
Speed wise? Eh, about the same, but Pixel wins. 

Ram management? Pixel every day... The 5X sucked for me in ram management

Screen Size? Personally preferred the 5X's screen. Felt the colours were better, didn't have burn in, and was just slightly bigger. 

Battery life? Hit or miss, some days the 5X would be better, other days the Pixel would be better. 3 to 4 hours of SoT average on both 

Overall? Pixel every day of the year, only because my 5X bootlooped... :'( I'd recommend a new phone, since it can happen at any time, besides that, it's definitely still good enough in 2017
I upgraded to Oreo, and instantly went down to 2-2.5  hours SoT. I factory reset, and now I'm up to 3 hours SoT.. 

I used to get at least 4, and sometimes 5 hours of SoT with my Google Pixel. 

If I didn't have a locked bootloader I'd find a way to go back to 7 because Android O has been terrible to me in so many ways. 

Random crashes, reboots, lag spikes, terrible battery life, poor ram management.... 
Here's to hoping 8.1 fixes it..
Is this a joke, if not can I get an article on this?

Edit- definitely the case! That's awesome!
My biggest problem with the Assistant and Google Now is that when it does work (sparingly) it doesn't make a chime alert anymore to let you know it's listening. 

Minor gripe, but most of the time, if I'm using voice it's to be hands free, and so I'm probably busy. And if I'm busy, I'm probably not looking at my phone... See where this is going?
My phone had a big scratch on the back when I unboxed the thing... (I could have returned it, but I didn't want to wait for a new phone since it was already hard enough to get the first one) 

Since then, I've had a slickwraps and a dbrand skin over the back. Ended up liking the dbrand more since it only covered the glass.
It does lay against the back, but the PC backing is about a 10th of an inch thick (around 2.5 mm) so isn't flexible. And since it's not flexible, not one spot sticks to the phone like TPU does. I will say that the Spigen didn't have that issue for me either, unless I actually got the phone wet.

Tldr, nah looks good
Tl;Dr - Ringke Fusion looks great after over 2 years of use on my 5X, and perfect after 6 months of use on my Pixel. 

Been using the Ringke Fusion since my first 5X, they are amazing! I have tried the Spigen Liquid Crystal for my Google Pixel, since I got a deal on it when I first got my Pixel (last year) and the thing yellowed like it was used by a chain smoker (I don't smoke)...

I think it's that the Ringke uses a PC backing that doesn't yellow (and hasn't on my 5X or my Pixel) and on top of that, it has a smoke black option for on the sides, which negate the natural yellowing of TPU (which the Spigen case is made out of entirely).

I think the Ringke case looks better, fits better, and protects more. That said, that is just my personal experience and opinion, many people swear by the Spigen Liquid Crystal, but I had a terrible experience with it, and ended up buying another Ringke Fusion case for my Pixel. 
Is there a way we can tell the difference between the XL and regular items? 

Edit: my google sheets was cutting off the "XL links" my bad. 
What I have heard is that it will round down to the fastest charge it can take (meaning 18w for Pixel, 15w for Nexus 5X, and so on). Many people have said on the Google Pixel community page (productforums.google) that you shouldn't even use the Nexus 6P charger on the Pixel. Most people, when it comes down to specifics say "buy from OEM, or use the stock charger" because Benson Leung said so. 

That said, I don't think it will be that big of a deal, and I think it would be more of a future proofing maneuver to have a 25+ watt charger, because higher wattage is the future, as batteries become smarter/bigger/cheaper. 
Aukey Amp Dou charges at 29 watts for $14, Anker has a 30 ~~water~~ watt for $22, and Anker also has a 46 watt charger for $40. (Amazon) 

I'd suggest not going for random 3rd party brands that aren't well known and trusted. 

And if you do have the money, buying a Google or Apple type C charger rated at 29 watts or higher is your best (safest) bet.

Edit: autocorrect hates me.
Idk if I'm allowed to recommend products, but Aukey has a 29 watt PD charger on Amazon for around 15 bucks, and it's awesome. I use it for my Pixel, 5X, and my Switch.
Actual question here in this meme post:

What's up with the "two pixels" thing? I have heard this a couple times, maybe I just missed something? Looks like a normal camera to me?
I have just a simple black Jansport backpack, carries everything just fine, also my pockets haha. 

Been looking to upgrade to the Aer SF fitpack, thing is beautiful
This changes from time to time. Some times I bring my Switch, Vita, or 3ds along to game if I have time but that hasn't really happened much this semester. 

The Ti84 is excessive for most work, but the build quality is better than any other calculator. And recommend to anyone who has the money to spend on an over glorified calculator. 

I use my 2015 MacBook pro for all my programming (very little of at the moment, still learning), studying, working, browsing the internet, etc. I put it in a Lacdo carrying case to protect it. 

The Anker PowerCore+ is great but I don't recommend my model, the 28100 mAh option comes with "Power Delivery" which is what you want for charging type C devices like the new iPhone and a MacBook. I still find it to do the trick and top off any devices that need it throughout the day. 

The knife is just one my grandpa gave me, it's a Winchester, and it cuts things- just like what I want in a knife! 

Apart from that, the only other notable thing is I try to keep a clipboard with me, and I find it always coming in handy when working out a tough math problem and I want to change the angle I'm writing at. 

Not pictured- my Google Pixel

Edit: for those wondering the case on the bottom left is a microfiber cloth and a lens/glass cleaner for my glasses
Don't have the issue, but I do find the volume quite quiet. 

It doesn't help that the Pixel uses that cotton mesh, maybe attempt cleaning it out? 

Don't scratch it though, the thing will pop out strands of cotton like it's no bodies business
Yeah for me I have to talk twice. Then I have to tap like 3 or more times just for the screen to fully wake up. Then swipe up, then put in my passcode. 

Sometimes I don't want to pick up my phone just to get the fingerprint sensor to unlock my phone, but gosh it's annoying now using tap to wake
Maybe a slightly unpopular opinion, but I am thinking about making the switch to the iPhone X (only if I'm not blown away by the P2XL, which seems about 50/50 right now). 

I love my Pixel, and if I get the X, I plan on keeping it in my pocket everyday. Mostly because I am so integrated with all things Google (be that the Assistant, Allo/Hangouts, YouTube, Keep and the Gapps, and maybe most importantly the Pixel Launcher and Google Now.)

My reasoning for the X is:
- it's pretty. 
- it's fast
- down for something new

I don't really tinker or customize my phones, I have kept the same stock launcher on my stock phone with minimal apps since my Nexus 4, and I don't really get into the custom launchers or anything else. So I don't think I'd miss the "customization" on the X. 

Open to responses, or reasoning why I should or shouldn't
I carry two phones, because I'm a tool..

But my Nexus 5X has been in my pocket for the most of almost 2 years. It still performs just as well as it did day one. That said, the battery was always *eh, okay* and the performance was always *pretty good* but with some drops in places there shouldn't have been, and the ram management has always been *pretty bad* in my taste. 

Luckily, it's stayed that way the entire time, and I admit I do get maybe 30 minutes more SoT than I did on its first release. 

Hardware wise... Bootlooping is always the issue I fear, but the phone itself is out of a case without a screen protector, and looks great, and only has yellowed a little bit
Every kid I grew up with who played magic does a considerable amount of drugs actually. And they have no money
Because LG is making the phone, and the phone they just made (the V30) has the band. It would be logical to assume LG would go forwards not backwards. 

But with Google still on this Verizon kick, I could see them not really caring about new TMO bands
I haven't been able to get into any debt, every phone I've ever bought (only 3 or 4) have been paid in full, I go to local community college (with scholarships and FAFSA and me working full time I just pay it off myself) and I bought my car through my grandpa since it was cheaper that way, while working in highschool.
Thanks so much, I'll be attempting this route first, seems fool-proof
Bought the Swootch with Botw, I am still playing it, and looking forward to the dlc. 

Really hoping for some support from other companies, like From Soft, Atlus, and even some localizations of games already out (*cough cough* monster Hunter *cough cough*) 


If that doesn't happen, or even the Virtual Console doesn't take off, I could see myself selling it after I'm done with Botw
That said you can only get it in the box now, right? So wouldn't I rather have a ffar or Galil or raygun at that point?
Why do people want to trade if they have a mule?
You should
I use Google Assistant daily, but I would love for it to better respond to "ok Google" because currently it only works 1 out of 6 tries... 

Also, I wish Now on Tap was incorporated and fully developed for Assistant, great feature that still has potential
Not a parent, but I will say it's conflicting, because say they took a 2ds to school, that's only 100 bucks lost (still significant) but losing 300 bucks just in hardware alone, sounds devastating. 

I see the switch more of a "easily take to a friend's house" kinda system more than a full portable system
Console- Super Nintendo. Street fighter 2, Final Fantasy 2(4), 3(6), Mega Man X, Chrono Trigger.... And those are only my top favourites, not including the dozens of other superb games. That console introduced me to gaming, and had such a collection of games, it has to be my favourite 

Handheld- for the same reason as the SNES, the GBA SP takes the cake for all the same reasons. Pokemon, KH chain of memories, FF Tactics advance! Beautiful selection of games, can't go wrong with any of the games I played as a kid

Of course, I am super excited for the Switch, but only based on potential so far (hyped for the future releases). The other handheld is the 3DS. It has a great selection (literally great- tons and tons of games compared to my Vita) and has backwards capabilities with the VC, so I love that. But not the same effect as the GBA SP if even for nostalgia's sake.
Dang, for a second I was like "wow, this new HD mod looks just like real life!" But then I noticed that real life looks just like the game! 

Great cosplay!
You seem to have followed what I said just fine, and like I said, I took back what I said. My experience was limited to a few individuals. More specifically, it was an argument over who made better hardware-software as a whole. I voted the iPhone 7 because in my experience, it just works. It is fast, it has better social media performance, and the battery works well too. Others fought back saying that the iPhone couldn't have better hardware or software than an Android phone, and from there on it was a losing battle. 

Since then I just haven't read the comments, but still read all the main posts on r/android. It was a limited experience I had, I admit. But I am glad to hear I am wrong.
You can't believe me if im lying? That's good you shouldn't believe someone who is lying. 
Maybe I've just had a couple bad run ins with some individuals there who have talked down on them. I apologise for stereotyping the whole community, but from my limited experience, that's what I had seen. 
And, yes I did open a pixel, when I bought it. (Yes I own one)
Yeah I understand that. I had always assumed it was the manufacturers who weren't pushing software. Like Motorolla, LG, or even HTC not updating their older phones intentionally so they don't "waste time" on old hardware
You prefer bezels?
Well, I already upgraded from the n5x last October to the Pixel, BUT I still use my 5x every day, as my media phone to save my battery on my Pixel. 

As for my next upgrade, probably the Note 8, and I will officially retire my 5x at that point, since it will start being my daily driver, and my media consumption phone too.
Pixel owner here, and I admit this is so true. It is crap that I even have to wait to get my updates or changes until google can find a good time to give it to me (even though it was released a week or two ago)

That said, say anything over at /r/android and they will say you're wrong and that apple is terrible at everything for "reasons" hahaha

Edit: was wrong, take back what I said, but choosing not to delete comment
Yeah, but bandai own souls, and what they say goes

To my knowledge
I feel you, but maybe we're all wrong and from soft will just do whatever they want? I'll buy whatever they put out at this point
I mean no offense to any armcore fans, but I personally am really hoping for any souls news, or really any news about anything like that. Never tried armored core, and I wouldn't be upset to see fromsoft do what they want, but I selfishly want more RPG/souls-like goodness
Ugh.... That is the saddest thing I've read... Because it's probably true
If you have to argue for yourself that you made a valid point, it comes off as if you didn't make one. Regardless, im just eating my popcorn and watching this craziness unfold.
"good for you" had a best friend when growing up who would say this to everything I'd say... still to this day don't know if he was doing it to agrivate me or not.
Currently rocking that same car in Gold! My first car too! My car isn't the prettiest, but I love her so much.  She is pretty darn reliable. Just over 220k miles, and purring like a champ. 

Take care of it, and it will take care of you
Look like some funky te37s haha
How did it happen? 
Man, this is one very specific example to explain an entire shift of character. I think your argument is a little knee-jerky, and you're looking for something to criticize. 

Has he changed? Yes! He is focused on a family, and making a game, I never saw him fully committed to this whole extra media production thing. Why is it such a big deal to you? 

At the end of the day, he is clocking in for his job when he starts streaming. So what if it takes less effort for him now, wouldn't you take the easier route? That's what this economic system is about
It isn't really about what we care or think about, us original ENB bros who have been here the whole time aren't his main focus, putting food on the table and having time with his family is- at least it should be. 
Before pic? 
I second what the other guy said, don't get into modifying something you're going to give back. Ultimately you are just borrowing this car from the dealership. 

If you decide to keep the car after the lease, however, I don't see the downside! Except that it will void your warranty (from what I've heard) 
Definitely said Subaru WRX. That's a different vehicle btw
Got a before pic? 
Is it just me, or does the front of the car look stretched? Just like a foot too long to me 
I think he meant he washed it haha 
Slightly modified? Haha, it is clean but I wouldnt call that "near stock" haha

It is beautiful though

EDIT: Holy cow that's a CR... Nevermind, I take it back 
Dude, I love that OK Honda sticker! Is it good quality? Where'd you pick it up, they are kinda rare nowadays (from what I've seen)
Got a link or anything for your red emblem?
None taken, however at that rate, I'd just get a new car, and then repair the fit on the side whenever I had time and money to get new parts. 
With a set of tools (check), the time(not exactly), and the patience(check), I'd not spend over 300 on it to do it myself 
All this said, what would you expect? I think 800 is reasonable 

Edit; I know *nothing* about mechanic costs or anything, I do not claim to know haha 
That sounds awesome! Idk I guess that's a different challenge to me, I think that would be a cool project 
I get that it takes a lot of labor, practically taking apart an engine, but someone could do it with enough research right?
No idea how difficult the repair is, but the gasket is less than 100 bucks. So I don't see why you would pay 2100 dollars just to pay someone to do work on a 100 dollar part 
Maybe get an fuel cleaner, and then follow the directions and drive a bit aggressively. If that's the case, maybe you can just clean it out with an Italian tune up
That happens with my 01 accord... Weird, I just thought it was a clogged EGR valve. But interesting case for such a new car.

Haha, maybe you were in the wrong gear? Hahaha
For sure, but for some people, they would rather sacrifice personal taste and comfort, to impress other people 
Much love for that Civic, I admit though, that angle makes the front look amazing, but seems to not do the back much justice. 

Personally, I love the Hatch, even if it is *slightly over designed* (I'm talking to you plastic "mesh") 

But, overall, I love everything Honda has put out this generation, excited to see what's next! 
For reference, an '01 GSR is about 2700/2800 lbs, has about 170 horses, and is a 1.8l four cylinder engine. 

The '01 Type R is 2600 lbs, has about 200 horsepower, with a 1.8L four cylinder engine. 

Just this alone, should tell you the Type R is quite better than a GSR. 

That said, you could upgrade the GSR quite easily if you have the cash, and use it as a project car. Is the difference worth spending a ton over? Depends on if you really want to be JDM with the Type R or don't really care about racing  
Then I recommend the ones without a bottom band. Even if it does, you could easily cut it off or just opt to not use it 
They have different kinds, some with elastic bands that stretch around the seat at the bottom, some that hang. 

I personally like the ones that hang. I think it looks cleaner than having a band on the bottom of my seat. 

But if my seats were black, I really wouldnt care that much 
They make car seat organizer things that just hang from your head rest bars. RoadPro has some ones that fit full sized atluses and things of the sort. 

I think this would be stealthy if you had black seats too. 

Just an idea, and really affordable 
Always upvote a stock-looking s2000. Don't know much about the other, but it looks nice
Nah, only the lower tiers get 6mt on the Civic lineup: it sucks 
It's funny how this is controversial, it's your car man, and it looks nice. 

Yeah I prefer manual, and I also prefer cloth (only in summer) but I'm not going to bash on you for choosing what you like over me, that's ridiculous. 

Your car is awesome mate, enjoy it! 
WeatherTech is great and all, but if you can, I'd recommend the Honda high wall all season rubber floor mats. 

They will have "Civic" written in, fit better than WeatherTech, and be JDM as heck: aka- win,win,win. 

And yeah, window deflectors are great for a rainy day, and some people like the looks (I personally don't) 
Wow that really makes the car a lot more presentable! 
I didn't really like that entire body style Honda had going on their Civic lineup for a while, but the wheels and suspension really make up for it 
Yeah, I definitely agree from a daily driver standpoint, the ex and ext are way more driver friendly! 

I guess I'm just salty that Honda didn't bring over the features to the sport model, or give manual option to the touring.

Sorry that complaint is done to death, but it is true haha
Such a beautiful car! It would look even better with the black trim from the sport model
How did you find it with such low miles?! 
Better to you, but I can't find any affordable one under 40k
That's a good question 
Gotta start somewhere? 
I love hearing that. I'm thinking of picking one up later this year, to finally put my 01 accord to rest. 
How does that stack up to your old RSX? Is the performance a let down?
Why not Honda CR-X or Mazda MX-5? 
Sounds like the more fun debate haha
Pretty sure you'll have to use the paint code on your door jam, and custom order it. As for the glossy look, it's all in the clear coat. 
Of course man, why wouldn't you want your car to look how you want it?!
Nice mate, just needs some love, and would be a beautiful car!
Jealous mate! Don't worry, even though the spoiler is useless at slow speeds, it must add horsepower or something! Just look at it ;) great build
I personally don't use the base reddit platform, it never seems to work the way I want it to. Maybe try using RES (the enhancement suite, it may fix that bug or something?) 

I've had the same issue on mobile, so it may just be an issue that needs to be fixed. 
The only way to find out is to test drive. 
Nothing wrong with it, just get the sport (or touring for the features) with the added trim in another color? That would stick out more 
If you're using an app like sync, you need to go into settings and "refresh subreddits"

At the end of the day, pick which car **feels** best for you. Don't get caught up in numbers, because those aren't what matters: how you feel in the car is what matters!

I am currently debating on getting the Hatchback or finding an older model Si, and I've seen dynos prove the Si faster, but tons of people have credited the Hatch for being pretty peppy. 

I'd recommend the Hatch, and would only choose the sedan if I didn't want to have the same car as my girlfriend. Depends on how you feel about that, you may want to match, you may want to stick out from her- only you know that. 

Hope that helps! 
I apologize, since I cannot provide an answer, but does anyone care to explain DSP developer mode to the rest of us?
I'd say the percentage of depression is linear to the amount of role overload we have in society today. If you think about it, people "back then" were limited to employee, family member, spouse, church mate; however, rarely all at one time. Now, with social media, and work being done by both parents, and "extracurricular activities" all the time, people are forced into taking multiple loads of status in society, and it is overwhelming. 

Personally, I can see how it is difficult to be a full time worker, full time college student, full time boyfriend, and somehow find time to destress-- I don't! 

I may be wrong, but that is how I justify my depression... Haha 
Sounds like a nice platform
Body kits, tranny swaps, turbo install, 

Really all you need is a transmission swap to change this into "potential" 
I was rooting for the s2k the whole time! áƒš(à² ç›Šà² áƒš)
Did he try charging up the battery or anything? If the battery has a charge, the engine should at least turn. I had to replace my alternator, but it would at least turn if I had enough juice in the battery. 

So it doesn't sound like an alternator issue. Maybe distributor? 
Lovely car, mine never lets me down! Over 200000 miles, still trucking like day one. 
What was your last Honda? How is this one owning up?
I don't know for your case, but my local Honda dealer comes with a lifetime warranty on their new cars, 
I personally don't think you'll have an issue with the ECU or navi, especially if you don't modify the electronics or use hondata. (you'd still probably be safe if you did that too) 

The only thing to keep in mind is that this is the first car of this generation, so it will have more problems than the rest 


Edit your post and ask people to DM you for more info, I don't recommend putting your phone number out for the entire internet mate
Read your manual, and follow the instructions on the fuel cap. 

If Honda took the time to tell you to use premium, I doubt they'd do it for the heck of it.

Anything with regular fuel? Doubt it, but I'm sure your car will run (slightly) better on premium. 

If you use regular and you experience any knocking or anything unusual with the gasoline, switch to premium. If the problem goes away, you know to use premium!  
No mate, but I prefer the white sport model (with black trim). I think the red and blue are both pretty unisex, and the car looks sporty no matter what you do, with all the aggresive angles, and mesh, and trim. 

At the end of the day, just get the colour you like. 
Is this a hatchback?
How do you like it's speed? As compared to your past cars
I'm not saying I'm "so sure". I just asked a question mate. No need to get so worked up..

But, if it was the same kind of VTEC we know and love, they  would have just called it VTEC turbo, like the rest of the world? 
Oh my gosh! (â•¯Â°â–¡Â°ï¼‰â•¯ï¸µ â”»â”â”») 
The Si isn't a hatch? If it is, I'm gunna go crazy 
Well, exactly, I could just get an older model, but I'm really in love with the 10th gen! It's beautiful! 

But, the engine bays in the euro and the US version look incredibly different, from what I can tell, so engine swap is out of the question.

I've heard that you can import cars here from Europe, but it takes up to 2 months with tons of paperwork, but if it can work out, not just 25 years+ (I'm really hoping that's the case) 

Thanks for your information though, I'd love to just get the Si or Type R, but they will be out of my price range, I think. 
So, you'd recommend the manual? 
And, it seems like that extra bit of power in the lower revs would be great for city driving, but I just think I'd really miss the kick of VTEC that you get when you're in the higher rev range. 

Either way, I love what Honda has done with this new generation, the 8th and 9th gen just never hit me right, but this seems like the Honda I've always loved, and back better than ever before! 
How does that earthdreams compare to the ol' VTEC of yesteryears? (Genuine question)
Are these stock tires? I'm thinking about getting the Sport model.
My local Honda dealer sells them for 4 dollars a bottle...
I'm expecting a high price, to be honest. 

Really I just want it to be a successor to the Moto 360, and build on top of android wear. 

The real hype is version 2.0, but it will be nice to see what new hardware comes with it. 

It won't be perfect, but it will be "better"
What can they do differently? 
Yeah, had the same thought process as you when I was going through pixel rumours a few months back, 
Watch this GWatch be like 500... Lol no
Bummer, LG sorta had a niche following of people who wanted to replace their batteries, still a rumour though
Fake
Just because the phone **can** get wet, doesn't mean it should get wet... use your phone as if it shouldn't get wet, just in case something does go wrong. It's not a toy to test (unless you are trying to get "big" on youtube. 

Remember that a phone at the end of the day is a **tool** not just a toy. 

*or...* If you are super rich and buy a new phone every other day, do whatever you want and don't worry about taking care of it. 
Almost everything that I loved about my Shamu when switching to Pixel... screen resolution and size, front facing speakers, wireless charging, and qhd wasn't too bad either
Letting grammar slide, because he is right
Dude, I will be honest, and say that I don't use my Daily Driver to play games, only productivity and Reddit. But if you have a passion for something, stick it out! 

Keep looking up man, your authenticity will be your saving grace. In a world of knock offs, you will have an edge to be original, this is how great new things are made. 

Not many people strive to create, or be original. Take advantage of it!

Best of luck in your future endeavors! 
Go for it mate, I'd appreciate it
Thanks, but may I ask if it's possible on Mac with a Pixel that has a locked bootloader 
From my *personal experience* (stress: **personal experience**) this phone is the best phone I've ever used... but it's not perfect. 
 
I highly doubt anyone will claim any phone is "perfect" but I guess I just expected more from the Pixel. It's *fast*, but still comes to a halt sometimes when loading certain apps like the Play Store, Calendar, Snap Chat, and a few other less popular apps. I wouldn't point it out normally since all phones have this issue to an extent; but in this case, I feel like these minor speed bumps really stick out on a phone that is often hailed for its speed.

The speed bumps ~~negative connotation of the word~~ come in the same areas that the 808 and 810 had last year (basic stuff like: loading certain tasks and apps, or memory management and multitasking), and in my **personal experience** with these phones, being the Nexus 5x, 6p, and Pixel, while it does perform a lot faster within the speed bumps, they still exist. "Better" hardware isn't fixing the software issues, only masking them. (Controversial, I know)


The battery life, it's *okay*. Not great, not good, not bad; it's okay. I get a solid 3.5 hours of screen on time if I only text and read Reddit on AMOLED/night mode (I use Sync for Reddit Pro) but shreds through battery if I decide to play a game of any sort, watch YouTube videos, or reply to a few snaps. And I understand that this is a normal thing, but the phone is often remarked with positive feedback on terms of battery. People often say it easily gets them through a day. I am a heavy user, but I at least expected 4.5 hours with Doze and the mAh's available. 

The phone is healthy, but needs a work out. 
Luckily all of this is fixed by updates to software, so I keep my head up for the future of android.

In the meanwhile, I'm still waiting for 7.1.1 to drop on my Pixel and it hasn't yet.... Infuriating! 
Same here, rocking a Pixel and to be honest the experience is great, but still hiccups every now and then. 

I love how someone posts their personal experience or a joke and it instantly is down voted into controversial territory for absolutely no reason...
I have both a Nexus 5X and Pixel, any news on when I will get the update?
Definitely worth that wait then! There are still chances it will ship sooner than expected, I get many things earlier than expected, so good luck 
This. Except kinda different. 

This is an old thing by now, but I hate how I can't natively have my notification LED on my Nexus 6... I know it's there, why can't I use it on stock Android?

I don't want to root, and I don't use the n6 as my daily driver so it isn't a big issue, but if a phone has a feature, it should be an option. 
Dude that sucks... Is there a way to cancel? I would say you could find one in stores easier. I live in a small town in Kentucky and even my best buy and Verizon stores have 1 generally. 

Surely there is a better way than having to wait that long. 
Just going to add, I am super into this widget!
:( would you still recommend rooting the n6? If so, what do you recommend as for Roms?
How is cataclysm? I was looking into getting another n6 to root, and this seems interesting. I've heard it isn't supported anymore by the dev?
Just for the sake of conversation, I would argue that the only OEMs that are really trying to perfect anything are the Chinese ones (one plus, Xiaomi, and so on) 

It seems like all the "name brand" companies that casual consumers would buy from, are companies that are complacent on things; Google cheaping out on water proofing, iPhone cheaping out better software management, HTC cheaping out with almost everything they did q3 and q4 (loved the HTC 10, but seriously everything else was underwhelming: looking at you Bolt), Samsung is getting better slowly and their bloat is being dwindled so I can't say much for them (I don't have any Samsung devices)

Yeah, phones have issues, but when I look at what the Chinese companies can do, at a fraction of the cost: I get confused. 
Oh my goodness, I risky forgot about carriers.. I only get to get unlocked phones, so somewhere in there I forgot why
I'm a heavy user, I get 3.5 hours (watch about an hour of YouTube, Reddit for 2 hours, text a half hour, check various social media for the rest of the time). If I only use it to text and sometimes Reddit, then I can get up to 4.5 or 5 with about 10 percent left. 

To me, it isn't great, it doesn't wow me. It seems like any other smartphone. But hey, it gets me through the day, and leads me hoping they copy what the Moto Z Play can do. 

But hey, that may be really good for others 
Same mate, my 5x is ridiculously quiet. I can never hear anything from my headphones when I take public transportation or even in a room with a couple people talking. The audio quality is fine, but it's just too quiet 
Interesting, may I ask what laptop/tablet hybrid you are using? I was thinking of getting a Pixel C, but I'm also keeping eyes out on a more budget friendly option 
As for the WiFi issue, it seems like it is going on across all kinds of android devices. My 5x, my Pixel, and some friends on their galaxy phones have been complaining.

Maybe your phone is just dealing with some bugs? 
I personally want to hope so, because even though I'm a Google guy, the s5 and note 4 will always hold a special place in my heart. Great phones 
I agree that it probably isn't "baked in" but it does seem OEMs decide 2 years in (sometimes earlier) to really stop investing in their older phones that dont sell anymore. 

So maybe not "planned obsolescence" but "opportunity cost obsolescence" haha
Have you noticed any downside? My 5x and Pixel have been going crazy with their WiFi too recently, and this might be the fix I've been searching for...

What exactly does it do? (Downsides?)
This.

All my phone's are updated to the latest firmware as possible: for security purposes, for features and gimmicks, battery life, speed, and so on. I count down days for new update releases

However, my girlfriend won't update her iPhone 6 for anything, and just thinks a complete waste of her time. 

Around where I'm from, not many people are "casual android" users, in fact not many people use Android except for the minority of Walmart budget phones which rarely seem to get updates from any OEM. Everyone has an iPhone, and they will buy new hardware every 4 seasons, but refuse to update their software. 
My Nexus 4 runs great minus the screen damage that happened when I dropped it after 4 years...rip, but a new screen would fix that real quick.














Man, I hope my Pixel will last as great as the Nexus line did(and still does) 
Holy crap, this is like the only time I've seen someone not reply like a complete dbag when someone was mistaken! Props to you mate 
Hmm, thanks that makes sense. Really, just for that extra convenience it seems worth the 120, as opposed to 800 for a new phone. I don't even use Bluetooth on my phone because it was too much work when I could just plug in aux, but maybe the Home would be a better solution 
I got the Pixel for the one handed usage, but I was considering getting the Xl for the extra battery life. Any ideas?
I have tried Inbox on a few instances, and I hope it's not me getting old, but I can't understand anything that's going on. It looks pretty, and seems like it would be useful, but I just can't get behind it after using Gmail for so long. 
Yeah, I'll do that, it seems like it will be a good addition.  and it may cause me to upgrade to a Phillips hue and a Nest thermostat haha. 
Well I'm sorry for causing confusion. However all I was trying to say was that there was a slight change in hardware from the SnapDragon 820 to the 821. 
Seems like the trend of these cool new ideas, the smart home assistant and even VR and Smart watches really seem cool now, but I certainly see then being a vital part of our life in a few years
Sweet! This is an exciting idea! My only downside is that I'll want multiple for the different rooms in my house. 

I was thinking one as an alarm/briefing device in my room,
One in the kitchen for the reason you stated with conversions,
And one in the living room to control my Chromecast!

But that's quite a lot of cash, maybe they will come out with a cheaper version..? Though it seems worth the cost. 
Could someone explain to me the benefits to getting one if you don't have a "smart" home. It just seems like my phone could easily do everything a Google Home could do, and more 
Nevermind mate, forget I asked.
How am I wrong? Not to start another debate or anything, but I guess I just don't see it. 

The 821 is a different piece of hardware, and it is a better piece of hardware with slightly more potential (and this does matter, if you are someone who roots and chooses to over clock), and finally the software is ultimately up to the developer, not the chipset.  

I also said, The 820 on the s7 isn't as effective as the Exynos on the s7, because of the software. That's just what I've noticed. I only prefer Pixel for its stock Android experience, not for any benchmarking statistics. 

Along with that, Any over clocking or under clocking is controlled by software, so to say the 821 on the Pixel isn't better strictly because it's clocked the same as the 820 is just false, because, The 821 has more power available to clock higher, but it is true that for the pixel it is set at a lower clock and in turn makes it a more energy efficient, which is also true.  

If you will just explain to me how it is false, I will stop. I know I am not the best grammar freak, but that doesn't make my argument false.
:/ the only thing you are doing is automatically shutting out every thing I say as nonsense, instead of even listening to it. I don't see how I can be the troll here, I'm just stating facts, but you are just blindly arguing. 
If the 821 was identical to the 820, it would be called the 820, especially if it was clocked at the same speed. 
But I'm saying they are different, even if the results come out identical. 

I don't see how that's confusing...

The soc is nearly identical, but to say that the software is the only differentiating factor is just ridiculous, because the hardware is different! 

You don't notice it's different because you only see the software, but it is. 

The 821 uses 5% less power at the same clocked speed as the 821. So by nature it's more efficient, and has more potential to be more powerful. 

Software changes from phone to phone, whether being the Zenfone 3 deluxe, mi 5s, lepro 3, or the pixel. The different companies use different software, but all run the same hardware being the 821. 

You can see differences between the same 821 chipset that point to different performance, but you can't deny that the hardware plays a role into the overall performance of a a phone, it's just fact. 
Dude if you actually read what im saying you would understand, but you are so preoccupied trying to be at the high ground that nothing is changing. I am acknowledging your argument, and showing how my view is correct, that is the proper way to argue, you are just being arrogant and repeating the same counter point to each of my individual statements. 

Your view can't change because you don't want to think differently. 

I'm done replying now, I regret answering a question on this subreddit, it's filled with arrogance. 
Yes of course the software is what let's the O(perating) S(oftware) preform as great as it does. But it also helps, strictly in terms of Samsung; that the SnapDragon works best with Google ui, because Google's software is better constructed for the hardware. And Samsung was better designed to work with Exynos. 

Moreover, If you put android 7.1.1 on a snapdragon 400, it will be slower, because the hardware just can't hold up to that software. Likewise, if you take modern day touchwiz (it has gotten leagues better in recent updates) and put it on a different chipset, it won't run as good, because it's not designed to. 

I personally think the Battery performance is what they were going for with the pixel, because it didn't need to be over clocked, stock Android did great on the 808, surely it will be fine on the 820 clocking as well! 

I don't define "power" as merely what phone opens apps faster, but a combination of all the software does, including battery optimization. 

Overall the 821 is more 'powerful' not only in raw performance *Capability* but also in battery performance, and in optimization for what Android at its core can do. 

Hard ware is nothing without software, we all agree on that, but still the hardware plays a role in the phone, without the hardware the phone doesn't exist. 
The Pixels 821 is more efficient by definition, and it is proven by the software running on it.

Edit: made my grammar a little more cohesive
I'm really not just arguing to argue, I believe hardware and software both have to work in tandem to make a fast machine. Google chose to clock down on their 821 because it made it much more power efficient than an high clocked 820. 

Google specifically chose this because it makes it a more efficient daily driver. And in cooperation of the software, a faster one at that. 
Hardware is half the battle, software has to work on the hardware. The 821 is clocked slightly higher, and it is minimal, but because of that and the software, they both add to the experience of a smooth and fluid experience. It's good for benchmarking, but not really for two humans to talk about, because one analytical man and one unsystematic man see it completely differently.  By definition, the hardware makes it faster. I agree with you that it is almost negligible, but not entirely 
I never said that software didn't play a vital role, but instead stressed that hardware also plays a role, even if minimal. 
While basically identical in construction, the Hardware SoC for the 821 is clocked higher, which does lead to a 10% power and speed increase, with 5% better graphics processing. 

It's barely anything to notice, but add that to stock Android, and the software-hardware make for an amazing dou. 

It is mostly software, I agree, but to completely count out hardware doesn't make too much sense, especially sense TouchWiz runs leagues better on Exynos (just from what I've personally seen) yet is stuck on a limited 820 chip that is better optimized for near stock Android 
It only installs the apps if you keep the sim card in on your first boot
I don't think I can now that my 14 days are up at best buy 
Do you have wifi issues with 5Ghz connections? 
Exactly! But still I always try to manage my battery usage, and no app is killing my battery. I don't play any games, all I use is Allo, Sync for Reddit pro, Imgur and occasionally some other apps. 

I don't think it makes sense because I use the same apps on other phones too
Well yeah, it would be ridiculous to ship a stock phone natively unlocked. Only developers and people like us who like rooting should be unlocking it. 

Still if you have a Verizon or best buy one it's permanently locked. And that's an issue 
You said best battery life, mind elaborating on this? My Pixel dies super quick (only like 3 hours sot) and my 5x gets at least 3.5 hours of screen on time... 

I upgraded for better battery haha
If you don't mind a locked bootloader, or dont mind unlocking it yourself by a different mean, then just get it from best buy (it's carrier unlocked, and comes with no bloatware)
Wait, so you are saying it isn't designed by Google? Because HTC was contracted to manufacture it? 

I need sources 
I agree there is higher spec'ed hardware on, say, the XPS 13, but still I find macOS runs much more smoothly than my windows laptop. 

I agree it technically isn't a powerful, and many laptops are cheaper, but maybe that doesn't make them any "better"
Well, while you are correct, the Google Pixel is still one of the best phones out, and compared to other smartphones it is incredibly fast. 

OnePlus I feel has more bang for buck, but that's what they have to do to sell, they can't slap a 700 dollar price tag and expect to sell, no Chinese company can *yet*

Google noticed they could sell a phone for 650-800 so they did, doesn't make it any less of a great phone, just makes it expensive. 

They used that extra money for advertising and marketing, which further boosted sales, which means they have more money for their next project. 

It's a win-win-lose: great product, insurance for more great products, slightly more expensive than we like. 


Well, I feel my MacBook Pro 2015 has absolutely everything I need in a portable computer. And is fast at doing everything I need. 

The 2016 model however is a load of trash. 


I'm not sure, I know I'm looking into getting another Nexus 6, and it doesn't have a fingerprint sensor. 

I don't think it's the most important feature, but I use it hundreds of times a day, and I can't say that for any other gimmick. 
Personally it was probably just a bug when updating OTA, I've heard it's better if you do it over a wired connection 
The beta killed my battery and was slow, so I reverted back 
And didn't allow Google to auto update
It may have been swept under the rug, I'm running an old version of the Google app, because I missed having my activation sound when I activated Google Now 
You're right, android definitely has been improving over time. I would say it has been less and less over the years, because when KitKat came out I was blown away, then marshmallow blew me away, but recently it's just been minor improvements too me. I do give credit to some new features like split screen and alt tabbing and setting quick toggles, those have all been nice. And I like the Google Assistant even if she doesn't listen half the time. 

iOS 6 was an amazing release, but I think it's because they finally perfected their skeuomorphism design. Call me a Jobs-fanatic, but I think the whole idea of iOS was something that worked for what it was. 

Don't get me wrong I love minimalism, which is why I choose android, because I can make it as minimalist as I want to, or as complex as I want to, and iOS can't do that yet. But maybe that contributed to the downfall that you're speaking of. 

Before they were improving something, but now they are just trying to mimic and catch up software wise. That may be a stretch, but it seems as if the mentality of improving isn't really important because it doesn't make money. 

At the end of the day, for most if your app opens faster or if your phone turns on faster, it's better. And for the masses, they will just buy the most popular thing, it doesn't need to be good it needs to look good, and I applaud iPhone for looking good, even if it is boring by now, it was beautiful then. 



Two years ago, I would have said iOS is leagues more 'user friendly' than android, but that's changed now, my Pixel is more easy to understand than my friends iPhone. Settings is convoluted on iOS, the lack of a back button confuses the heck out of me when there isn't one at the top left, customization is lacking other than shoving things in folders, 3d touch is useless, and more. When all these issues are easily addressed and understood on Android. 

Personally, I don't care about the display, and I won't until I get into VR, because 1080 and up is all the same, it's all just preference on colour gambits. I believe the iPhone has a higher spectrum of colour, but it looked normal to me when I looked at it, then again, I have terrible eyesight. 


I would love to have an iPhone 7 for social, like Snapchat, Instagram, and other apps that are just better optimized for iOS, but I can't survive without Assistant or many other Google apps that are *baked in* to the OS. 
Well what do you think about the Pixels jitters and frame drops? 

We agree that Apple does have flaws in iOS, I admit that, and it is partly the reason I don't like iOS, I guess I just can look past that to an extent and not count it down too much. 
There's no getting anywhere with you mate, you just argue everything. Thank you for taking time to write out everything. All I said was that the iPhone 7 is faster than the pixel, and from my experience it still is. 



It's not a great phone with no flaws, no phone is, not even my beautiful pixel. 
It works on my Nexus 5X 7.0
WHAAAAAAT oh my goodness.... How long has this been a thing?!
Well I strictly was talking about the iPhone, on iOS, so I can't talk about you iPad pro. 

But you are applying this idea that iOS is this terrible software but Android isn't. 

Android is just a Linux deviation, and is strung between multiple different types of SoCs, it can't be as optimized. 

My Pixel constantly drops frames, and kills apps prematurely, and is slower than my friends iPhone. 

You are so easily against Apple you are missing the fact that android hasn't done anything better in your argument. 

It isn't just software, it's a mix of hardware and software. Apple, in theory and in practice, is better because it is integrated into one chipset the A series. 
Android won't beat that until Google makes their own chipset. 

This is just a stepping stone for android to step back up to the plate, and retake the throne, but it's no hurry since they are at a 9:1 ratio of android/iPhone users. 



iPhone drops frames, and is unpolished and still can't get away from skeuomorphism
But you must also agree that android drops frames, is unpolished, and can't get on board with its own material design. 
Maybe wrong place to ask this, but are you in America? If so, how difficult is it to have a mi phone in us? Maybe explain your issues or lack of to me and the poster
I find the 810 lacks in proper management of ram usage. It will continuously kill apps unnecessarily. 

The 810 is fast, it's snappy, but only for switching between a couple apps
What phone are you on???
Ever? People said computers would never be in homes, yet now they are wirelessly in our pockets. have hope for the future man!
Don't let that stop you, because the RMA and contact support for OnePlus is equally bad no matter what the situation is. 

Get yourself a case for it, and treat it carefully. 

Even support straight from Google has sucked. I have had wifi issues and they have yet to actually help me, yet I have 24/7 live support for me, nothing gets done it seems. 


You have a genuine concern, but that is an issue regardless where you live. 
It has equally everything to do with software and hardware, apple builds software to work specifically and optimally with the hardware. Ram management and processing is determined only by the hardwares capabilities, but it's up to the software to fully utilize it. That is why stock Android is so smooth, because it's better optimized than other skins. 

At the end of the day the software on iOS is better optimized, simple, and keeps apps in ram better, it is just fact mate. 

I don't see why you are taking it personally
Must be Stock Android:  get the 6p

If you are willing to have close to stock Android, and it be faster than the 6p,: get the 3T

I can't vouch for the mi line, but it really isn't stock at all hahahaha, but you might be able to Nova Prime that sucka into submission. 

The 3T is the safest, fastest, most powerful option, with the best charging and battery life. 

The mi5s is also really fast, but is bloated down by weird apps, and needs some help getting started in countries that aren't china (not a big deal, just awkward at first from what I've heard) 

The 6P is beautiful, and has the biggest screen and stereo speakers. It is what I would say is the best social media device, but not the best phone. 


I say get the 3T, it does the most things right, without any sacrifices. The 6P is as Stock as you can get out of the 3, but is improperly managed by the 810 chipset, so the 3T will be faster. 

Sorry for no information on the mi5s
I really liked the V20, but just from what I've seen from LG I personally can't get behind the OS, and the fact that most people who have LGs complain on here constantly about boot loops and broken camera lenses. 

To be fair, this is an issue for all companies right now, with pixel's halo effect on camera, LGs bootloop, pixel's easily scratched glass back, Motorola being owned by Lenovo (yea I'm calling it a flaw), samsungs Note 7 explosions, iphone screen and battery issues, followed by iPhones bend gate, Blu phones selling personal info to China, and the list just goes on. 

Every phone has their issues, because there is no perfect smartphone, I think we all can agree on that. 

I love some of the features on LG phones (mostly the awesome removable battery and the cool second screen) but everything else to me is bloat, and slower than necessary. 

Don't get me wrong the G5 and V20 are fast as heck, just not stock Android, which is really my only setback. 
Well, I'd say first look at what LTE (or equivalent) each phone has. If a phone doesn't have even one of the bands, it will feel slower in certain situations, and not in a normal laggy way, but in an annoying "social media froze" kinda way. 

Another thing is which phone has a better wifi connection. I've heard the OP3 in America had poor service at times, and that could have just been a rumor, but still something that factors into buying. 

As for design, every HTC phone looks exactly the same, in my eyes. The One Plus isn't exactly stunning either, but still pretty nice. 

HTC has boomsound, supposedly louder and crisper audio, which is easy to beat a mono bottom firing speaker. 

Camera performance is subjective, software is subjective (though honorable mention to Oxygen OS, it's almost as smooth as Stock, Sense OS is kinda lackluster for me, but still Nova Prime works fine on both)

HTC 10 is a great phone, and often overlooked. 

I say get the 3T solely for the better battery, 821 chip, cleaner OS, and conversation on how a Chinese phone is cool (phonehipster points) and a more immersive screen experience. 

I say get the 10 solely for a more immersive audio experience, expandable memory, and.... Well that's it really. Hahahaha

Get the 3T mate haha you easily adapt to a big screen. Next year get a 5in screen and then flip flop, keeps things fresh. 
Mate, I'm not misinformed, I've seen it perform side by side. My friends iPhone 7 is simply faster than my Pixel. I've seen performance tests, I've seen rendering tests, I've seen objective truth to my claim. 

I don't like to say it, because just like everyone else on this subreddit, I worship android and Google with my wallet, and I buy phones I don't need just because I am obsessed with the hardware software. 

The iPhone 7 is great, especially if jailbroken, at least from what I've seen. 

But still the Pixel is a great phone, regardless of what anyone says, but I am not merely misinformed because I am objective, I don't even care about benchmarks. 
Excellent build quality? My pixels back glass panel had 3 noticeable scratches after having it for an hour. The weight is awesome, and the design is cool enough to stick out incognito. 

The phone isn't really super noticeably faster than my 6p, which wasn't much faster than my 5x, which wasn't faster than my Nexus 6... I mean yeah, it's really fast, I just don't think it's worth the bragging rights. 

I have never owned an iPhone, but dang the 7 wrecks the pixel, and that's a sad realization for android, I hope android can finally start fixing the one thing that I once praised: it's software. 

I got the n6,5x,6p, and the Pixel because it was stock Android, the cleanest and fastest version of Android. But the pixel wears "improper ram management" and "random minor but annoying lag spikes" very boldly... The phone is great, but is it that great? It still struggles to translate voice to speech in apps, it still lags on Snapchat (I blame Snapchat), it still kills apps way too soon for the fact it's a 4gb phone, and it constantly is at a state of minor overheating. 

I love this phone, all that needs to be fixed is the reason I got it, the OS. I love android, and I could never see myself switching to iOS, and that's why I dislike that Google has swept countless issues under the rug just to make the next best thing. 


Looking forward to Android O! Pixel 2 seems like it will be a great evolution. 
Couldn't this be solved by a simple Nova installation? I haven't seen much on the Axon 7, because my first phone was a ZTE and it was horrendous. But still if you can tame TouchWiz with some 3rd party apps and some disabling of features, surely this phone will behave much easier 
Wow this whole time I've been thinking I actually didn't own anything I didn't make 
What exactly does this mean? Why would you only sell half of a product, when you need all of it to function 
You rocked the 808 for two years?? Dang man, I got the pixel asap to have a smoother experience, my 5x was so slow at times, but true, there is already a better chipset coming out in like a few months 
Man I rocked the 5X for the past year,  and it was such a bitter sweet experience.  I recommend almost any other phone,  unless you just need stock android under 300 dollars.  It's a good phone for the price, but the 808 chip just really falls behind when it's compared to any 820 chip. 
In a perfect world I would say the OS skin should be an option to install when first booting the device, never force a slower experience to a consumer. But as for "distinguishing one android from another" I feel that is easily fixed by focusing more on outside build quality and features that don't come from software (camera, colours, build quality, scratch/crack resistance, water resistance, iris scanners, external memory, wireless charging, and so many other things that are extras to what makes Android run), that would change everything. 

If you have the same set of optimized software (running off the main chipset of the year, and at least 4 GBs of ram), game devs and app devs will start making better stuff for the OS that is android, because there will be a set priority to what they develop to, to a certain amount of 'power'.  That's why stock is best in my opinion, it will run best no matter what, at least from my experience. 

So if every phone just attempts to make a great looking phone with cool quirky features that dont need bloatware, then not only will they save money on software expertise, but android will also solidify into an iOS killer, and be better for the consumer.

Right now I feel there is too much diversity for Android too actually progress too much. Because, whether or not we want to admit it, iOS does it cleaner and more efficient, compared to 90 percent of the android market. (of course stock Android on the 821 is right at the top, but still not as efficient) 

Maybe I'm the minority, but if all companies made "nexus-like" phones that differed greatly in aesthetics, more progress *could* be made. 


Also, a side note: I only really recommend this to flagships and mid rangers, because I believe low-end phones don't really need solidarity, they are just budget phones, and will sell to their audience no matter what. (just how economics goes)

Mid range phones already do this whole close-to-stock os with the best chipset and ram available. 
Mate, I'm sure this goes for many of us, but I read Reddit all day, during classes, during work, in meetings. I can't be bothered to watch every single video, sometimes I can't do it. 
Dang, I am a pure stock Android guy, but that looks beautiful 
I thought this was just an issue with my 5x! Apps like Google Photos, Kik, and even Allo at times just decide that 'back' means 'close the app, instead of closing the individual folder' 

I feel like this could be easily fixed by just making the back key only work in app, because we already have a home key... 
Whoa mate, this is a phone that boasts bragging rights, you want to show it off! But yeah a case would solve this... Haha
Why do mods hate Android Police?
And best buy haha
I purchased the 5x when it came out, and it's been my daily driver ever since. 

That being said, it definitely has been a bumpy ride at times. 

Pros. 
1. Stock Android runs smooth 80% of the time 
2. Camera quality is excellent for price 
3. Slim design fits in pocket! (my Nexus 6 was the opposite of this ðŸ˜‚) 
4. Speaker is in correct place! And actually gives the bezel a purpose 
5. Cheap as heck
6. USB C, I like dat in a phone 
7. Finger print sensor is so fast! 
8. Fast updates and security patches 
9. Screen is bright enough for some outdoor use
10. Mine looks like a storm trooper 

Cons. 
1. The OS creeps to a halt sometimes for no reason;
Apps will sometimes just not load, or will be ridiculously slow
2. The headphone jack has barely any output, and is very quiet 
3. The camera takes forever to load, and forever to shoot, and forever to render
4. The design is all plastic on the back, and was one step away from removable battery, but decided to restrict consumers 
5. Oh yeah the battery, it sucks. I can't get by on half a day of normal use 
6. The mic is poor quality, and doesn't pick up my "OK google" half as much as my Nexus 6
7. The ear speaker is very weak, and it's hard to hear anyone I talk to on the phone 
8. No wireless charging, but could've easily been implicated with the plastic back 
9. The front firing speaker is very quiet as well
10. Doesnt get the love OR hate it deserves. 

By number 10 I mean, this phone just doesn't get the light of day from many people, with the oneplus 3 being so close in price, no one bothers for the 5x it seems. Google doesn't seem to be mindful of bug fixes on the 5x (I hope I'm wrong about that) 

Tl;dr - it is an amazing phone for the price, but it definitely isn't perfect. 
This is my only issue, I used an iPod for my music device for many years until I learned of the wonders of Spotify. I learned how to add music and control everything perfectly, but the restrictions on how much I could use it was terrible. I have multiple computers, and multiple devices to connect to each other. I understand wanting to stop people from stealing music, but why would you restrict me from using my own software on my own hardware that Apple made? It's really ridiculous. 


If in place of the headphone jack youcadd another type c port, I don't care, send me an adapter, but I'm fine listening through a type c port as long as I can still charge
The whole Hardcore series just worked out great with Bloodborne imo

Great gameplay, great talks, great everything! 

I hope there will be more, one of my favourite series of his.