This just spoke volumes to me.
It’s good to know my SMV will only continue to go up while the ridiculously picky women will go down 
Everyone at work gives me shit about being keto, yet I’m by far the best in shape there, hmm imagine that 
I’m still surprised Ballantyne isn’t a separate town like Pineville is
Looking fantastic indeed
I obviously know you can’t spot reduce fat but do a lot of ab workouts also release catecholamines?
I usually take a probiotic, bromelain as an anti inflammatory, creatine because always good to have during gym, and ashwagandha for less cortisol.
85? I thought anything less than 100 would increase chances of muscle loss?
So far so good, keep going!
Apple is really personalizing devices nowadays, they lose weight with you now.
Isopure fan as well.
Asking the real questions 
Hell, people drive like shit in the sunlight
Any weird side effects from doing keto and osta?
Fantastic job!
I tried to meet John Cena one time but I couldn’t see him.
5’8, 157lb.
http://imgur.com/Yr6icpv
http://imgur.com/QF77NDn

Can anybody more experienced also give me an idea on what my body fat percentage may be, the subreddit for it is dead and all the stock photos everyone uses for trying to compare are all over the place. Trying to achieve visible abs for first time.

Thanks all!
And for some reason, Siri works better on the Watch than the phone.

But yes, Siri is mostly my automated timer, and some math 
So why is it that the US seems to be the only county that relies on iMessage or non WhatsApp apps?
What was on it?
It’s starting to become a shit area for anybody over the age of 21 or so lately. I used to work in Concord Mills and it just got worse and worse
Well eventually maybe we can charge those wirelessly also
I’m a fan of our Bluetooth overlords. I’m totally down with less wires.
In theory, if you were to “gain” on Keto, would you minimize fat gain and legitimately gain more muscle?
Honestly though, we all spend equal to $120 a year on something more stupid I’m sure. 
Repping r/newyorkmets
It’s just too expensive considering everyone else is releasing the same kind of speakers with far superior voice assistants for a third of the price
If the whey has zero carbs and no sugar, how could it even kick you out of ketosis?
Wait what?!
I suppose I’m just one of the few who doesn’t think this is a good QB class, decent maybe, but good? Eh, to each their own though.

I just feel like a player like Barkley is rare but QBs of this caliber class come every other year or so
Fuck, this sounds so much like ESPN too
WE’RE GONNA WIN SO MUCH THAT THEY REMOVE OUR LOSS AS A COURTESY AND WE FINISH AT 162-0!
I CANT STOP TINGLING
How so?
Always feels like the best username for a situation shows up
I was scared shitless
I used to use them but for a while they didn’t have AGPC or Phenylpiracetam in stock, glad they do again 
Where are people generally getting phenylpiracetam nowadays?
That’s a lot of homepot
Mass transit city-wide could fix this issue greatly, especially if some lines ran from uptown to Matthews to Carolina Place and back 

The light rail to the airport issue, we’ll save for another day 
Used to live off of Johnston myself. That 77 and 485 meeting area is usually hell during rush hour
Source? 
Always wanted to go there, I’m jealous 
What kind of tomatoes are those?
I’m giving pescatarian a try, I think it’s a good balance
Yeah rooibos tea helps me fight off the sweet tooth.
I agree with you. Most investors who jumped in at the latest bull run are probably casual at best, are also the same people who panic buy and panic sell. Once all this “new money” either buckled down or gets out, we’ll likely go up again consistently 
Which tea is healthiest that also contains the most caffeine?
Unfortunately I’m afraid the mute switch may be the next thing that gets axed
The offers for him are about to flow in
The city should override it hopefully 
The newest version of Android may very well be as secure but it’s useless until it hits more than 1% of devices in a reasonable amount of time. Until Google somehow continues to get more control over the carriers and OEMs about updates, that’s the reality of Android. It’s not a bad platform at all, it’s just being crippled from other sources
This may be totally a game to play on Apple TV, especially with controller support.
They should also add one that goes to Matthews 
I just want to pay off some debt to make my quality of life easier. If my portfolio hits about $12-15k, it’ll drastically make life better
Wouldn’t this be combated by buying wild caught?
I still want to see how it’s going to run on a touch screen.
I just wish it was more accurate like the 3rd party apps
Fellow NC here, I feel your pain
I’m more than willing to bet that OS “brand loyalty” on Android is down to the OEM because most Android users I know (I’m aware this is just personal experience) only use Samsung and probably because they prefer it. Also most Android users I know refer to their phone as a “Galaxy”, not an Android 
We don’t deserve dogs 
Apparently there’s a bypass to not show the red bar which should be a massive violation of Apple’s policy. 
If only I could change animation speed to 0.5x like I always did on Android
I’ve never in five years of being on iOS had to factory reset a device that I wasn’t about to sell
Couldn’t do it, you need BTC as collateral for the loan, I have zero
Also gotta go with Yamazaru
I can see Pancake also
Isn't there a shit ton of salt though in tuna?
Agreed, the only drink I need at this point is water.
I didn’t care about losing headphone jack, I’ve been using Bluetooth forever, but I’d gladly take thicker if it meant bigger battery 
Yeah I forgot to mention I do tend to stream about a hour of music a day so this helps some, thanks!
 I suppose like actively supports it, doesn't want it to die, would be on the forefront of supporting it's various coins, etc
Does any decent size bank support crypto?
He should put that in a segment
I'm there with you, everything through iCloud
I still wish we would have signed another big bat but I can’t complain at all about this off-season 
I still think Matz gets it together this year and becomes reliable 
You always end the night at TILT
What frozen steamer bags do you recommend? Also, can you run down your normal routine because it sounds like you're doing what I'm looking to do.
Cucumbers don't sound like a bad idea, are they filling enough?
I would dare to say the mediocre teams of the 90s were still better than the mediocre teams of the early 2010s
I tend to think those Jazz teams were better than most teams LeBron played in the finals other than Warriors/Spurs
That’s a good twist to it, didn’t think about that 
I’m 27 so I was fairly young doing MJ’s career so I don’t have much input to add for his side knowledge wise
Quick! Someone photoshop LeBron, Wade, and George into a Heat jersey, 2/3 the work already done 
Well some people take like one shot and call it quits, not me but I've seen it
Way ahead of you on the powder
> Or if you don't want to get wasted and want hard liquor, drink vodka/sprite with lime. After 1-2 of those, swap to water/lime.

This x2
DOWN THE PATRIOTS GO! NY thanks you.
So which credit card hasn’t banned crypto yet?
A little early to say all that I feel
Just another day in the day of cryptos, also known as Thursday
We will never again see a true bull market until people stop associating all cryptos with bitcoin.

Once all the other altcoins can do their own thing no matter what BTC does will we finally hit a good place
I’d go for the moon for her
I don't think it's farfetched to assume XLM could reach $4, especially if Ripple did.

Disclaimer, I owned XRP, but no longer and still own XLM
I mean that’s basically my goal. I’m just trying to pay off debt. I don’t plan on becoming a crypto millionaire. 10-20k cash out after tax, I’ll be happy 
I guess they could rebrand XLM to "Star Bucks", ha...ha.../cricket
Can we blame anyone though? We'd want people to invest in our mutual investments as well
Also on BoA, yes my card is only getting foreign transaction fees
Basically everything got a C.
NAV frustrates me, it's constantly my least performing investment and I have no idea why
Waiting for the Day banks only allow us to use XRP
No way to dropping XLM, there’s so much room to still grow
Ironically, that song is playing on the radio while I read this 
Likely not if it requires a load of money. I likely have maybe 0.25ETH to put into something
Not gonna lie, I misread this as AdBlock ICO, I was about to crack up
All we need is one good Coinbase rumor and then FairX to be a success and XLM will fly high
Inb4 a new ICO names their tokens that.
XLM is my hopeful ace in the hole, along with REQ
Shhhh, this is one of my sleeper coins, don’t expose it
This, I’m ok if he’s wrong with that 0-1000 prediction 
Does Binance?
I hope NAV takes off one day
Wrap it up guys, we’re done here 
Definitely a long term hold
+1 for NAV and Stellar
+1 for NAV, that and REQ are my two sleepers at the bottom of my portfolio
Well depends on your goals within crypto. Mine is to pay off debt and if XLM hits the point I'm looking at. I'll cash it out and then everything else in my portfolio can be purely riding along for profit
I hold XRB also and I'm constantly worried about it until I can get it off of Mercatox into Binance, it's also the same reason I didn't get any during it's dip
XLM, NEO, XRB, VEN, REQ, and NAV

That's my portfolio reassembled after recent activities in the market.
XLM has a lot going for it and some big things coming up but I feel like it gets wrapped up in the hatred that people have for Ripple since they're similar.

Most people are here for profit and unless you bought in super early or very recently, a lot of people probably won't make huge profits off of Stellar unless it goes way way up which I don't think is realistic. As much as I support XLM, I already have a price in mind where I told myself I'll cash it out if it ever hits there.

Yeah not seeing how Dent and Sia are shitcoins
I'm hoping it starts ticking up slowly and stays that way
Don't feel bad, I bought last night when I thought it was stabilizing and it kept dropping over night. 
Probably NEO 
I'm diversified as most are. XRP is just one of about six I hold.
We're all gonna be "weak" one day because probably 90+% of us will cash out at one point once we've reached our "goals"
MY personal livelihood isn't in XRP but I'd like to see it succeed since I do have investments in it plus even if the "bank's coin", it's acceptance would be great for all cryptos
I'm thinking NAV and VEN, also OMG and NEO are on a hell of sale also
As someone invested in Ripple, it's sad to see the amount of people who want it to crash. I'm here to make profit like the rest of you, I wouldn't wish a particular coin to crash because it could be someone's livelihood one day 
I bought yesterday thinking it wouldn't go down anymore once it started stabilizing, nope totally wrong.

Go with your gut and buy when you feel it's right.
I'm not gonna trash you OP, you made an adult decision.

People on this sub are too aggressive, if you want to hold, hold. If you want to sell, sell. This whole thing could crash tomorrow to zero and then the people holding myself included would be screwed so to speak.

Good luck
XLM, VEN, and for some reason my gut is telling me NAV
Probably verge or tron 
NEO and NAV
Some of those are definitely not shitcoins
Probably will buy more XRB and XLM, then also finally jump into PRL and NAV
I’m interested in grabbing NAV during all this 
It’s gotta be XLM, they’re primed for a big jump 
I’ve been through some of these in my day but this one is stinging a little 

EDIT: of course NEO won’t drop, I want to get some 
But between VEN and ICX, what do you pick?
XRB, NEO, VEN, REQ, and XLM
I think NEO will eventually reach ETH levels this year and I think VEN will reach where NEO is now, so pick your poison.
I love Ripple, I think they'll be huge one day and their technology, however I don't think XRP itself will go much higher than $3-4 overall.

I've been a supporter since it was worth pennies but next time it jumps to over $3, I'm selling off.
Yeah, really thinking about getting in on it but I'm waiting for the inevitable dip.
Yes you're all right it should, but now they can hit us with taxes and fines at the same time.
Binance is listing XRB soon, we can all finally rid ourselves of Mercatox
My body is ready
Realistically, you're probably looking at 2-4 major players in each category, maybe think like Verizon, AT&T, Sprint, TMobile, then maybe some slightly smaller players jocking for position, think Boost, MetroPCS, US Cellular, etc.

Obviously my example is US based.
+1 for XSPEC
Let’s just make them $100 a coin and I’ll be satisfied 
Here’s to hoping the hive mind staying correct
I own 3 or the 4, if all of these strike it even remotely big this year, I will be beyond happy. 
I have zero confidence in all parties involved. 
Venue are really nice apartments, my friend used to live in there, definitely recommend 
I've been waiting to dump my Ardor and Ignis. This ridiculousness about the exchanges not letting you just makes me want to sell it more
I'd put it in ETH over LTC in your scenario or maybe NEO
I'm envious of the people who have so much to invest. Thousands upon thousands.
Personally, I would have put the 15k into one of the many rising altcoins, wait like two weeks and then withdraw it out, probably easy 2-3k right there.
What's your point? Considering reddit has been a fairly decent source of finding coins to at least research and make my own decisions, I can't complain since they've all made me profit so far, so I don't know what you're so salty about.
Probably convert everything to ETH or LTC, transfer to coinbase, deposit into bank.
Yeah, may pick up a couple more before the eventual rocket ship takes off.
What exactly does this mean?
Is Snapchat still trash on Android?
Is there an easy conversion from Apple Music to GPM?
I’m screenshotting the OP and your post just for future laughs
XRB, REQ, and VEN
I may be crazy but I don’t think they have a horrible idea 
Yeah I’m off of Johnston and it was like 10 straight mins of it, loudly
Factom was the first altcoin I ever really ever looked into a few years back. I wish it success
All my Ardor and Ignis is in my Ardor wallet but I can’t sell it since all these exchanges are being ridiculous. Is there any other way?
Yeah I’d be completely satisfied if they just said, “hey we’re taking longer than we thought, may be another two weeks”

Ok fine, but zero communication. Not pleased at all.
I’m cashing out I’m pretty sure when my debts are paid and I can cover the expected taxes for them. So probably 50k
This thread just makes me regret not investing in Dash and BTC a year ago lol
I honestly don’t think Dentacoin is an awful idea, it’s like my extreme extreme sleeper
Cryptos can possibly change my life in so many ways, it’s hard to not want to watch it
I think there will be a “bubble” of some kind that pops but it’s just going to wipe out any of the cryptos that have no working product or are obvious pump and dumps.

The legitimate ones will take a small hit but they’ll all recover.
I will admit, I’m getting impatient waiting for them
He sure loves Steem on steemit.com, -_-
BTC I think is the perfect example for your post.

Most of these altcoins will likely outlive BTC as it becomes the AOL of cryptos.
Put it in XRB, REQ, or VEN
I love the idea behind their product, I used to be heavily invested in it but it just seems to never really move, there's just no hype around the project
Just add REQ and you have my portfolio 
Yeah need some more halfway decent Overwatch players around here
Sigh, before taxes I suppose. Fuck, I never thought of that.
Burst, Drgn, and ENJ
Some of these sell walls on VEN are ridiculous, somebody or some people really want that price to stay down.
Realistically, Brady was likely being a selfish ass. Belichick obviously knew Jimmy was the future franchise QB or at least a damn good stopgap between Brady and the next guy.

I can't wait for Brady to finally begin losing to Father Time and now they have no QB that can replace him, Belichick will likely retire rather than deal with a total rebuild and boom, the dynasty will finally be over
I mean, nothing really prevents Nano from still being labeled as XRB.
Something about Burst interests me but I can't tell if it's a worthy investment yet
Yeah 35k will wipe me clean of debt.
REQ, XRB, ARK, Monero, Ripple, XLM
I’m waiting for Bittrex to unfreeze Ardor
I really wish I knew about these pump and dumps before they happen 
So if you have no BTC or ETH, you’re out of luck?
Probably consolidate all of it into ETH, transfer it to Coinbase and send it back to your bank
Is there a guaranteed step by step to make sure this is done correctly?

For example, I just want to take out the loan, use the entire loan to buy SALT and then redeem the Salt effectively to pay the loan off and costing me absolutely zero of my actual money. Am I getting that right?
So I can take out a SALT loan, use it to buy SALT tokens on an exchange, move it back to the SALT wallet and pay the loan off and just have extra money.

I’ve already got a membership, just haven’t done much with it yet
I’ve been watching Burst also, I’m also interested in PRL and Status
What do you mean by arbitrage opportunity?
It’s ok guys, they’re only talking about “crytocurrencies”
I’m gonna wait to see if it stays steady for day or so before I buy 
I personally traded in Ark and VTC for all my XLM 
I’ve been debating on Status myself  
Hey by all means, I just want to know what makes YOU think it's going to pump anymore than it already has. Up 1068% already
Do we have any real proof it's XRY?
Yeah becoming wealthy off of cryptos would be incredible.

However, I can't afford to put in tens of thousands of dollars to make such nice returns. My entire goal of investing in cryptos is to hopefully within a year pay off all my debts (about $30k USD), this would dramatically increase my quality of life.
I mean, 120% increase in 1 day, market cap tripled in 3 days. 

Something's gotta give there eventually
I'd like to buy PRL and TRX but common sense would tell me to wait for the inevitable dip.
Mercatox but they're down for maintenance 
I can't speak for ADA and Status, but at least XLM and XRP have support from legitimate companies, etc.
PRL is bound to correct eventually. In exactly a month, it's went from $0.01 to almost $2

Some people became very wealthy on that bet
Mercatox I believe has it.
Check out Oyster Pearl (PRL)
Definitely a correction. Considering it went from $5 to $36 in a week, it was bound to happen.
Bonus though, XLM is going to be useful for something most likely
I obviously need to invest in what you are. What's your secrets? :D
In theory, why would you want this for any reason other than buying cheap for yourself?
I mean, you're not wrong.

If I'm newly investing, like someone else said, what do I want? 0.001900 of something or 5?

I'm an example to an extent also. The golden rule is to not put in what you can't afford to lose. Yes, I'm looking for profit like everyone else but the ship has come and gone to get in good for BTC, ETH, Dash, BTCCash, etc.

That ship is beginning to pull in for XRP, XLM, LISK, etc.
Well, I suppose I'm a little more realistic. I'd be happy if my $0-$3 coins all became like $20-$50 coins
Except apparently you have to be approved first though.

"You are member #6003 in queue to be granted full access to the platform and the ability to purchase SALT Memberships"
So to clarify again because I asked in another thread.

Nothing is stopping me from taking a loan out of like 5k, using it to buy SALT at $11.50 and then flipping it for $27.50 and doubling up?
Trying to pay debt, then we can worry about decentralization 
Yeah I feel somewhat proud because I had correctly predicted several coins that would eventually be big so I hope this time around I have the same touch.
First time I invested in cryptos was mid 2016. I had bought 7000XRP, 1.5 BTC, 7 ETH, and about 100 XMR. 

I got impatient and withdrew it all like a month later for about what I put in.

It was when I got back into crypto last month that I was humbled beyond belief and learned to be patient. I could have made close to 100k profit if I had just waited a year.
Depending on how much you plan to start with. Probably ETH and DASH
XLM, REQ, and for some reason, I have a good feeling about TRX
Well, only $15k USD will drastically increase my quality of life, 35k would leave me debt free. I guess I feel like one of the good ones who isn't investing just because he wants a lambo or be filthy rich for shits and giggles lol
Alright guys, so basically since crypto to me is just an attempt to pay for previous debts from earlier mistakes in life, and part of me is jumping at the bit to realize there's something here that could do it very efficiently, what would be my steps to actually accomplish this>
Is that even possible, or legal? or both?

So you're telling me in theory, I can apply for a $5k loan in SALT, cash it back out and boom make double while paying off the loan?
How would you sell your coins for assets? What do you mean?
Wait, are people taking out huge crypto loans for normal fiat reasons or are they taking out crypto loans to invest in more crypto?
Or post it?
I have to agree on ADA and XVG
REQ and XLM have real potential behind them, I'd recommend checking them out.
They posted on their twitter that Azure had a server outage and they're rebooting everything
Elix is one of my sleepers that I've yet to invest in but I keep watching it
I've heard Funfair mentioned now and again, what's so cool about it?
I want to see your portfolio, not even being sarcastic, make an altpocket.io account
While I think the rumors of XRP being put on CB has helped SOME, I don't think it's the only driving factor because yeah otherwise a slew of other coins would be jumping way higher also.
If you must know, I’ve doubled on my investments so far 

And I feel the ones I’ve mentioned are the new guard of steady that aren’t all necessarily pricey tokens/coins
It’s like everyone says, do your own research and I did. Reddit is still a minority of a minority of traders I’m sure
Not like those four have any use or anything. >_>

That is definitely a good salary for NC, you’ll be able to afford a place anywhere except the nicest of the nicest apartments.

I live in Charlotte, 63k would be amazing and would allow me to live just about anywhere in the city
I'd split the LTC between more XLM and more REQ
I'd say go for it.
Unfortunately it’s only been in this current form for a single week but I’ve doubled my investment in that week 
This is my exact portfolio minus the TRX

Holding XLM, XRP, REQ, and XRB
I'd get rid of the XVG and put that into REQ, Put the $250 into XLM
Honestly, this is probably one of the last few good chances to pick up XRB at an acceptable price. Based on everything I see with it and the way it's hyped up, I think once it starts going up again, it's not gonna ever come down below $50 USD
I’d probably strongly consider taking that bet with you 
I don’t think REQ will ever be this big money token but I think it’s value can still 2-10x more.
REQ and more XLM while they’re low
Holy shit guys, I might actually make this one tonight 
TMobile is awesome for me in Charlotte and even surrounding areas
I give OP a 2/10 troll rating 
I feel like this is something that makes sense for REQ in the future. I don’t think there’s a service that lets a direct deposit be automatically converted into a crypto of choice yet, I may be wrong though 
Anything over $5 would be a decent profit for most
So you’re saying that XLM won’t likely go above $1?
Well congrats man. I bought some at $9 and I’m feeling good about it being at $30ish
When did you buy, at what price?
The fact that my top three coins in my portfolio, (XRP, XLM, and XRB) are probably in play to likely be added to Coinbase this year is just awe inspiring 
It always tells me it’s incorrect?
I do not have any wallet files except files named as wallet(random stuff).txt
The desktop wallet from Stellar’s site
Maybe you missed my lighthearted comments. That’s ok, time to disconnect for the day 
If XLM hits $4000 a token in the next two years, I will tattoo the Stellar rocket on me and possibly make my future son's middle name Stellar
 Good bot.
Despite it's huge momentum recently. XLM is still far below what it will probably end up accomplishing this year, it's still under a dollar, may be legitimately people's last chance to get it at this level.

REQ also has potential, while I don't think it will achieve XRP/XLM levels, probably will be a solid coin to hold.


How many bitswifts were you supposed to get, was it like 1:0.5 like Nxt to Ignis
Call me old school, but I'm thinking about the nice shit me and my lady can do once I cash in my XRP one day
I'll tattoo the Ripple logo on me if it gets me out of debt. About $40k USD
Speak for themselves, I just want to pay off debt.
Highly doubt one beats the other. They probably co-exist in that marketplace, like Visa to Mastercard
hey its me ur ledger nano s
Probably time to stock up on any XLM you were waiting to get.
About 65-70% of my portfolio is XRP and XLM, I feel like in the long run I can't go wrong.
Bitcoin will be the AOL of our time, it started us off but it won't be around in the years to come or at least it'll be far more irrelevant than it is now
Times are changing
Adding my hopes and dreams as well.
I guess it could vary on scenario but more times than not, a correction corrects itself and usually, it goes back up and beyond
This does indeed seem like a fair response. At least they give out a well worded statement about it and not try to avoid the situation all together.
While the idea of HODL is correct, yes I do agree it's childish sounding and the fact when someone less experienced asks a question, people just scream, "YOU SHOULD HAVE HODLED", etc. It takes away some of the legitimacy of the community,
So I should just ignore it for a while and not look at the pain lol
Binance, Bittrex, maybe Poloniex
XRP and XLM together make about half of my portfolio, I hope they succeed together.
My head spins trying to constantly track 5-6 of them, how you manage that many, props to you.
Do we know exactly when XRB will be on Kucoin?
I'll invest in XRB as soon as it hits a decent exchange.
Oops sorry, misread the title.

I personally use Binance, simple enough
Likely XRP
I strongly believe BTC will fall off in favor of altcoins. Bitcoin will be the AOL of cryptos
For?
I traded out my TRX for more XLM
Why is that?
I like the technology and the community/effort behind it
I feel like XRP and XLM basically own the same space, so one of them has to be successful, if not both
The only thing I’m unsure of is TRX
It took about 12 hours for mine to transfer, and then I forgot about the network fees for BTC, holy hell, I remember why not I never usually deal with BTC
Any idea on how long this will take?
I'm more afraid it's a large whale
I'm trying to transfer BTC from Coinbase to Bitgrail and it's taking HOURS, it won't even show that I started the transfer yet
Yeah XRP and TRX are my aces in the hole 
Can relate, am one of those poor bastards
You would hope that guy is holding for long term 
Well I feel like crap now lol. It is what it is, some people are able to invest thousands in crypto, I just can’t afford to
Personally, probably somewhere in the $1-$10 area
Hey! This might be a good time to let you know I'm accepting donations of ONE BILLION TRON! MUAHAHAHA
ARK and REQ
Although I believe in the idea of the project/coin, investing in cryptos is a way of me trying to get out of debt while not increasing any of it.

If XRP hit $25-50 a token, I'd likely be cashing out.
Exactly my point also, "Hi yes I'd like to buy this $800 whatever"
BTC is at $15k, "Ok, that will cost you 0.081500BTC"

It's not simple and it's not useful in that form
CUCoin, Credit Union coin.
I always thought Electroneum was a good idea /shrug
I don't think any realistically used cryptocurrency is going to approach anywhere near BTC levels, nor do I think it should.

People will continue to invest in cryptos as long as it's financially attainable for the masses.

I think any mainstream cryptos are going to and should settle around an average of the most used fiat currencies in the world, USD/Euro/Yuan

For those people who want to "moon", you better invest when it's pennies or nickels, because BTC and it's forks will one day be the Angelfire and Geocities of its time.

So to answer your question, TRX probably will probably settle somewhere in the $1-$10 area.
Same, always end the night at Tilt
They flagged Coinbase for me as "possible fraud", they asked me to approve it, I did and then tried again, have had no issues since.
I’m a small time investor compared to some but I’m down for some other like minded people
Hell, I’ll take $4.68 even 
Well I have very little invested compared to some here. Some people around here put in tens of thousands. I put in $800 and that's more than I probably should have. I just want to make about 20k and pay off my debts and start off on a clean slate.
If Tron hits $600 anytime in the next two years, I'm making a website of just people sucking their own dicks in the name of cryptocurrencies.
I lost a good 20% today of my investments, so I'd like that back please kthanks
I like their idea but it remains to be seen what will happen
Don't get me wrong, I think Ripple is definitely onto something, however, you think I'm invested in XRP for that? I'm invested for the same reason as most, I want money and to pay my debts
Just hoping this crash leads to one nice pump in the coming weeks to make up for it all
This "crash" was something else I'll tell ya
Yeah I lost about 20% of all my investments today, no clue what's going on
Right there with you all. I trust the battery life to be better on the 8+ than the X
Yeah not exactly sure what that's all about
Ripple Federal Credit Union :D
Just ONE decent sized US based bank needs to even show interest in it and it will jump big time
I hope you're absolutely right 
As much as I would love to see XRP on Coinbase, my gut tells me Dash or Monero is next, or Bitcoin Gold
Somebody is trying to push it back down, it keeps changing between $0.90 and $1 for me
Now let's see if it holds up this rocket launch
This guy fucks.
Source? Proof? Info? etc?
Although I haven't invested in it yet, I've been checking out CVC lately.

Also ARK
Congratulations man, I'm not even too proud to admit that I would crying in joy too if I was in your situation. The amount of money you just made would change my life massively.
I feel like Monero will realistically be the next coin to go up
Yeah, I'm just staring at it go up and up, can't figure out if I want some or not.
Shit, I totally missed that 
I’d like to get in on it but it’s not really on any exchanges yet 
I’d be pleased with that too
I only have 300XRP, but if it were to truly jump, it’d make me enough profit to take a huge chunk of debt away which is my sole reasoning of getting into crypto to begin with 
As long as somebody gets Sia to go about 30x up, I’ll be ok
I think REQ is underrated. Anybody who could potentially knock off PayPal one day is good by me 
I would love to see REQ take off
As time goes on, I’m starting to prefer Binance to Bittrex also 
If XRP hit even just $20 a coin, it’d be life changing for me.
Bubble’s college night is on Thursdays, not bad. Suite isn’t bad on Wedndsdays either 
Always TILT on the weekends
It will definitely turn casuals off from cryptos as they'll just see the exchanges as fixed.
Yeah to be fair, I buy LTC on CB and transfer to Binance
Yeah mine dropped like crazy in the last 12 hours, what the hell is happening?
This was some sneaky shit
 So in theory because I have an up to date gaming PC, I could really make some progress?
Take a look at ARK and REQ, real promising stuff coming from them 
Why not REQ?
How would I begin mining verium? Easy tutorial somewhere?
That’s interesting, not sure how it will progress over time 
Been my main email for about three to four years now. No issues for me
Yeah I’m waiting for it to hit a better exchange before I get some 
Which exchanges offer XBY, I want in
Classy choice of words.
And other people will continue to contribute to the boom before it gets too expensive for the casual investors
I’ve been using Vivid Seats
This will be great. I gotta keep an eye on that 
Getting on the rocket now
Is there a wallet like breadwallet for us yet? 
If VTC hits $700 a coin, I don’t even know what ridiculous thing I'd do
How do you get a ledger?
Right there with you 
0.89435 USD
What’s the size of this photo? Maybe new desktop wallpaper
I’ve been there, I could have about 50k right now in earnings, I had 1.5 BTC and about 100XMR and I sold both one day and had cold feet

Where can I obtain it?
How can you get some Ark? That’s one I’ve been looking at but don’t know how to acquire it?
If only I knew which one that is lol
Of course, I’ve done some alread but other opinions are always nice 
I really only care for it during the St Patty Day pubcrawl
You’re not wrong
What’s the consensus, are we getting snow or not?  I’m seeing different stuff all over the place 
I’m having one built for Christmas. I’m about to be mostly on Overwatch.

I may play WoW Classic when that comes out
Not to be a douche but why do people care about this? There seems to be more focus at Apple lately about emojis and other social “time killers” than QC. Don’t take this as a shitpost but I rather see Apple return to this full blown “just works” mindset with their software rather than trying to add stuff for the sake of it 
Let’s keep in mind that increases in mobile SOC tech is already becoming more neglible. The phones of today are not huge leaps ahead of last years phones processor wise. An iPhone X or Note 8 today could feasibly last 3-4 years unless some kind of ridiculously power hungry tech debuts which current phones can’t handle, otherwise your worst issue may just be replacing your battery or screen burn
But what about the loud pops then? Kind of unlikely a car backfired like that twice
Sad to say but mostly true. I used to love their phone reviews but even now, it’s very rare to see one
Maybe Sierra in the Sky
YEAH
You gotta say Ric Flair
North Carolina: Don’t use our bathrooms if you breathe
She’s just a humorless ice queen in need of a good humping
This is how I feel about my 10.5in Pro. I finally felt like I could let my laptop go and my main device is now my iPad. Excluding my gaming PC
Totally agree about the emojis
They could make a “Surface” phone running Android but don’t give it the branding of Surface. 

They may want to avoid the name but hell, release a Microsoft phone named Aero running Android but with the full Microsoft suite
That’ll take some time to get used to
A whole lot of sitting around waiting 
Posting to remind myself 
Yeah I’ve never even played MUT, this game is all H2H and CFM for me
Yeah when I sold my Air 2 for the 10.5in Pro, it was still handling everything easily 
Goodell is a joke. His emperor like powers over the league is seriously ridiculous and his logic is inconsistent all over the place.

Suite is decent on Wednesday nights in uptown.
I charge my phone every night when I go to sleep with a wireless charger.
Inb4 headphone jack
Getting rid of Greeny would be an awful move 
Reddit name is my PSN.

Playing Madden, Destiny 2, and competitive Overwatch
Their focus on privacy and I’m far too into the ecosystem to leave now
First thing that I noticed also
Honestly, I don’t disagree with this post. With today’s ass backwards media, if the deceased person was black, and the driver was white, someone would twist it to racism just for clickbait 
How anybody lives north of Charlotte and needs to rely on 77, I just can’t understand how you function from day to day. 

485 is starting to become bad too for no reason, simple congestion and slow cars backing up traffic for miles 
Let’s open up the wallet for some defense and HR machines. Fuck it, let’s get Stanton
In terms of Android even though I’m on iOS now, the original Moto X was just something special, honorable mention to the One M7
Not worth the drive from here. I used to live in that area, it’s alright for what it is but definitely not worth driving over a hour 
In theory but I wouldn’t put it past FB to try and sneak around it.

Honestly, I straight up emailed Apple and asked them about any of these allegations. It may be a shot in the dark for a response but I feel strongly about being recorded without my permission 24/7 from FB or at the very least a heads up that it’s happening 
This is way creepy.

How FB can’t be sued for this is beyond me. Recording people without consent is still illegal and unless we’re specifically asked about recording 24/7 to help “specialize” services to you aka Google Assistant, this shouldn’t happen 
They’re not perfect either but considering what they’re working with, I can’t blame the offense completely. Bowles needs to be more creative on defense since after halftime, the opposing team is always on to them and all of the team’s stamina needs to be worked on.
Three weeks in a row we’re winning and we blow it in the 4th. We could easily be 6-2, wtf the defense is supposed to be our strong suit.
Oh snap. She’s being nosy in your iCloud 
Found some decent ones on amazon for under $20
I recommend the Hyatt House basically attached to the arena. Before I moved here, I stood there all the time, never a bad moment 
My SO and I live together and we both make a respectable income together. We live semi comfortably, but if our rent went up anymore, we’d be screwed. We also would love to live in uptown but it’s never gonna happen
“You may ask why I gathered you all here today”
So far, I’ve used desktop reddit, including on my iPhone and iPad, only Apollo has come close to changing my habits
Or at least time skip 
FUCK RUSH HOUR TRAFFIC ON 485 FROM JOHNSTON RD TO MATTHEWS. WHY THE FUCK IS THERE SO MUCH CONGESTION JUST TO FIND OUT ITS LITERALLY NOTHING CAUSING IT
This is gonna tank perception in LG even worse than it already might be
Yelp said it so we’re good right?
If you’re worried about traffic at all and need/want to go into actual Charlotte, stay away from anything north of CLT going up 77. 

Not that there’s not traffic on the other end but it’s more manageable than the other end
Come on Harris Teeter
Use Friendly
/r/oddlysatisfying 
Always go credit union
Even I have to draw the line on price somewhere but also, I’m confident the 8+ battery life will be better than the X
Sorry to say, but this city is becoming expensive. You won’t find a decent apartment in a decent area for under 1k
I wish they’d keep expanding 
I feel like #1, #3, and #4 are all irrelevant for the most part now.
I see the opposite with any of my friends in any kind of school, it’s all iPad Pros with the pencil 
I don’t do any “work” on my iOS devices so I was able to make the switch no problem. 
To be fair, people with issues are more likely to be the ones posting and “complaining” rather than those who are completely fine.
I use mostly Google Maps,  I would love to use Apple Maps, but until they get the traffic part down and I actually feel like they’re giving me the quickest route, I’ll hang tight 
I ran the betas on my 7 and now run it on my 8+, I’m just not seeing these issues everyone is having, not saying they don’t exist but what’s going on?
He’s right. Some of you talk shit about iMessage but at least on the iOS side of things, it’s a really great function. Not all of us iOS users give a shit whether it’s blue or green or not
The other Amazon place down the road
I want a SC1 port
Gotta feel for those Indians.....a little
Very frustrating.
I keep having to work all these damn Tuesdays
Maybe this could force Charlotte to make the infrastructure for such
What dark ages are we in exactly? Your comment screams hyperbole 
To be fair, I never once churned nor complained about lack of 4K in any Apple product 
I agree. It’s annoying to see all this overreacting to “lack of 4K this” or “long overdue 4K” it’s still niche-ish. Just from purely my observations, I don’t know anybody with a 4K tv and I’m not a pixel or resolution fanatic. 1080p still satisfies me. And as long as 4K tv prices MOSTLY are still a little on splurge levels, I don’t feel like I’m missing anything. 

Outside of any crazy deals or holidays, when I can buy a 36-40in 4K TV for like $300 that is Sony or Samsung, maybe Vizio, I’ll consider buying.

Disclaimer, I don’t check out the tv market much so if that’s a thing already, my fault 
Can relate. These are the reasons I switched to iOS. I was so over flashing ROMs and kernels trying to find the best battery life. And the wakelocks, FUUUUUUUU
It’s odd. It’s almost two different places in one. In the apartments closer to Toringdon and Johnston Rd, like mine, it’s fairly quiet and nothing out of the ordinary, however on the opposite side further in, I hear it’s more sketchy and questionable people. I’ve also heard rumblings of gentrification happening like certain people have had their rents go up more than others to try and weed people out but I have no proof obviously. Overall, I like the place though, it’s cheaper than most of the other apartments around for sure. My gf and myself pay like 950 for a 1BR including renting a washer and dryer
I just can’t justify the price personally and I live in the apartments next to it
Come check out Ballantyne or Pineville. Easy access to uptown with plenty to do still
Must be a slow news day
Keep in mind, the 6 and 6+ only have 1GB of RAM
Seconded for Burke St, I moved from Winston. Fantastic
AMF Carolina Lanes in Matthews. We need servers badly but it’s not so much traditional serving like in a restaurant 
Can I get a quick eli5 of what spikeball is?
I hate it when I get hit with Confuse Ray and now there’s suspicious 
Don’t you mean 2018 = A12 Photosynthesis 
iPad Pro usage seems to be rising as the 10.5” was a hit. People gotta remember. Other tablet manufacturers would kill for Apple’s iPad sales which were still in the single digit millions at worst
I hate I had to work tonight, I wanted to do this so bad
It would seem the 5S is on its way out after this year. Honestly the 6 and 6+ should go with it, that low RAM sucks for them 
It’s why I’m in no rush to buy a house, etc
Can confirm. Everything in area is raising in price. 
There’s so many different areas to mention 
NoDa is always worth a look.
Assuming you have no above average debt. I’d say $40k pre-tax for an individual.
Don’t know why you’re getting downvoted. I agree with you to an extent. Bluetooth headphones have matured well enough to be a full time replacement for the headphone jack. The battery hit is minimal at best 
Yeah they haven’t been to these subreddits. I went over there and got downvoted to oblivion for even having a general conversation about it being removed
How do you figure? What good is all the power and features if you can’t get heavy use out of it
There are many attempts to get x86 running on ARM, it’s being spearheaded by Microsoft
“Interested”?

I bet they’ve been working on this in house for years now already 
Yeah at the end of the day, battery life is king and I think the X will falter compared to the Plus
FAKE NEWS /s
I had zero issues with getting the 8+ on the IUP
I wish Apple Music synced with my PS4 but I’m so deep in the ecosystem that AM is just the right choice for me. I had a lot of issues at first but they’ve all been fixed
I likely will switch for most people but my girlfriend and I will still likely keep transferring funds between each other through BoA since it’s instant for us
You’ll be waiting a while then
Yeah mine went up $100 
I bought one without playing first, the difference is night and days 
That’s subjective technically. A headphone jack is only “essential” to those who deem it such 
I’d like to see Verizon install fiber here to compete with AT&T
This is pretty much true to my mom also. I got her an iPad last year and she loved it and despite her not wanting a smartphone at that time or being tech savvy, she got a SE over the summer and now because she’s familiar with iOS, she’s really enjoying it
Yeah nothing like checking out a possible new app to see all the reviews are from years ago and I have to go digging to find any recent ones
This is pretty much why I got a 8+, too many supply issues it sounds like, along with possible first gen hiccups, I went with safe choice this go round
These supposed supply issues are really going to kill the insane possible pre order numbers for the X.
Some of those r/Android posters need to go visit r/GooglePixel and r/technology and enlighten them 
Price range in mind?
Well that wouldn’t bode well for the durability of the Apple stuff then if it’s scratching before the Tiso
For those who didn’t watch it. Apple supposedly isn’t using pure sapphire but aluminum oxide which is sapphire with impurities so it isn’t as durable as pure sapphire and only slightly better than normal glass. 


And a charger
F
Who the hell drugged the Ravens?
Me personally, after two days of usage. I’m highly impressed with my battery life.
I have the gold 8+, this definitely by far is the classiest looking iPhone I’ve seen
So helpful. Thanks!
> which.island.is.blah.blah.blah.ANGER.FRUSTRATION.AGHGH."

I saw you mentioned HGH,  I think I see the problem 
Agreed. Battery life is and will always be the deciding factor. And if the X has battery life anywhere near the non Plus models, it’s gonna be a shitshow I want no part of
Seconded. It’s far nicer than I expected 
I agree with the article. I’m happy with going with the 8+ instead and I’m sure I will be far from the only one with this mindset. There’s literally nothing that appeals to me so strongly that I feel like I’m missing out.
What payment plan?
My battery life is inconsistent nowadays. Some nights I finish with 50%, and some I’m in power reserve, nothing of any significant difference during the days. 
Also, those fucking long ass ugly nails that look like claws
I got the same shoes. r/notchmasterrace
If she says “I don’t do drama”, likely she causes all the drama
I never used the feature but I know people love it so good for them 
It’s not too bad. A lot of stuff going up. 
I second Cotton Room
I’m beyond sick of seeing people whine about the headphone jack. Switch to another phone then. 
I rather have the traffic down here in Ballantyne than the shitshow north of Charlotte on 77
I personally liked the dots 
I know I’m running an unpopular opinion but to me, the headphone jack people need to get over themselves. Either jump to Android, buy Bluetooth, or quit whining. Those three options.
His biggest point I agree with, it’s way past time that Apple includes a better power block for charging 
My girlfriend has an Alexa, I have a Google Home.

At over $300, very tough buy for me
The GM finally gave me halfway decent battery life on my 7
Obviously they want to put these chips into laptops eventually 
Lots of NY transplants here, you’ll fit in fine
Which playbook or formation is this?
I argue that housing/rent might be a sore spot. 

Rent is stupid high in Charlotte with no hope of it getting better
I don’t like any of the iOS reddit apps either. I just use reddit’s desktop site
That just terrifies me to know that sounds so legit.
Totally down
“No one gives a fuck what you said”, likewise
Because it shows emphasis on a point that many agreed with 
Google really should take a stand with apps they full well know will hurt a users’ experience. The people that fall for these “cleaner” and “anti whatever” apps are the same ones who will automatically blame the Android platform for their issues because they don’t know better and then jump to likely iOS. So for Google in a customer service sense should be all over this 
You should see r/Googlepixel

The headphone jack party is a little extra over there 
But when the “Galaxy is doomed” articles come up, I’ll get a good chuckle out of it
I never go over 30GB of space in a year. I use iCloud and Google Photos for most of my media and I never understood storing tons of videos, movies, tv shows on my phone. So I’m feeling confident on my choice to go with a 64GB 8+, saves me a few bucks and if I want to jump to the X along the way, I can
Like I said in the other thread. Ad companies only have themselves to blame. 
Eh, I work 1-10
Apple probably has a Google Glass like product deep in their labs 
I feel like more people jumped for the 256 than the 64
This is an underrated post
Hey you gotta pay for that privilege to tweet while you plunge
This is why I definitely didn’t go with the 8. The Plus trumps them all though I believe 
I still see it more than I like on current Samsung phones, particularly demo models and while yes they’re demos, it’s still worth raising an eyebrow to it
Worried battery life might be subpar. Impatient about waiting another month for it. Also want to see initial reviews
I do want to see if Apple has an idea in mind to prevent burn in with their OLED screens
I chose to pick up mine in store. 8+
US carriers are all varying levels of shit.
Well, it would get endlessly lost with all the other hundreds of comments. This is more of a general discussion really 
Took me less than 3 mins. 8+ Gold 64GB, pre-ordered
You rang?
Underrated comment of the thread lmao 
I’m indifferent about Face ID, a lot of people shit all over Touch ID at first also and now look at it, we all love it.

I’m more worried about how Apple implemented anti burn in into their OLED displays and battery life
Right here! At the gym keeping myself going. I just got off work a hour ago so it helped out
JUST DO IT
Also debating strongly about upgrading my S0 to a S3, been waiting for the LTE
I’ll wait for the reviews on the X. If they’re great, I’ll gladly turn in my 8+ for it. 
At the gym working out with my reminder turned on. This preorder is gonna be my bitch again 
The annual holiday of site crashes
I will be getting the 8+ until at least when I see the first reviews on the X
Also, flash x and y kernel for battery improvements and overclock
Good times, good times 
I’d like to know this as well. I’ve held on to my Series 0 but it’s about time for a new Watch
Companies like Apple wouldn’t be making it difficult for ad companies if these companies would pull their heads out of their asses and stop making their ads so intrusive and obnoxious 
I would go white X as well. I’m going gold 8+ for time being 
I mean that’s not really a sheep thing. Supply issues are a thing 
There was a legitimate reason for that price increase though 
Ultimately this is why I’m going with the 8+, battery life is just too important to me and the Plus will likely still be king. 

However, if they offer an Apple Smart Battery case with the X....
WHY WOULD YOU GIVE AD DEVELOPERS THIS IDEA?!
Thanks for the comparison 
I’m going to go with the 8+, gonna let all the new generation issues work themselves out for a year
Speak for yourself. My 7 can’t last an afternoon of medium usage and this is non gaming use. I’m running for a charger by 5pm
Can we change the thing on the side where it says x users online to 7,714 members of the audience clapping /u/dacvak 
At the very bottom, it says you need a USB-C charger, like people are using to quick charge the existing iPads.
I actually found on Apple’s website where they say they last as long as the 7 and 7+
Also my plan.
Did anyone catch how fast or what wattage the iPhone charges on the Qi pads?
Did I miss any battery life specs for the 8 and 8+?
This is my issue, I’m feeling very impatient and the X doesn’t wow me just enough to wait on it
At least Apple Park looks really slick
I’m south Charlotte and I saw almost nothing out of the ordinary, just depends on area I suppose
I only mention the + specifically because a lot of people rave about the battery life
Totally agreed. The + battery life is not that good if you’re using the phone heavily 
I’ll probably try to get a Series 2 on the cheap now.
I’m still looking for a Jets bar
Am I only one with that issue? I can literally challenge ZERO plays
I only play franchise and an occasional H2H
The warranty should cover one replacement due to water damage just like Applecare covers two screen replacements now
I said the same thing. From cloud to cloud, this thing is so incredibly massive
How about Brad’s wife?
Used to work in that mall, I hated it. Always sketchy ass people hanging around or just asshole teenagers that their parents wanted to ditch off
Tank game weak 
So at this point if this track stays, in Charlotte NC, I’m just gonna get some average summer rain and some slightly breezy winds?
!remindme 5 hours
So being extreme south Charlotte, what should I be expecting based off of current predicted paths?
Yeah I’m gonna go tomorrow morning and stock up on whatever we need
It’s a known error going on right now
At least it’s not just me, I was like wtf what happened to my franchise
I live in Charlotte, how screwed are we?
Name of place?
Probably not the best advice if you’re neck deep in chaos
While a baby is crying.

But you don’t have a baby
We're in for a hell of a few days if those predictions come true 
Yeah honestly if this treks even within 100 miles of us, we’re gonna get some holy shit weather still 
Pretty much how I feel
ANGER
Don’t worry young lady, just a normal medical procedure.
You should have said “it’s pronounced Hang”
Uber is so thoughtful, they actually want to make the experience more personable by coming into your house and hang out with you first 
You won’t find a decent/good one bedroom anywhere within the city for under 950.

Roommates isn’t an awful idea otherwise 
Hello Weather is my choice personally
If they could keep the existing battery life of the Watches but make it thinner, I’d be happy. Otherwise if they keep it thick, hoping for two day battery life
Friendly has an Instagram feed now and it works decently 
In the words of Nike and Shia Lebeouf, just DO IT
I’m hungry.
This is why I can’t switch to a CU full time and I used to work for one.

There’s no 24/7 service, if something happens after 6pm or on the weekend, you’re likely screwed
Apple obviously knows we want it, and they’re keeping it for something 
Yes you can hotspot your phone but I like not having to rely on my phone for it. A separate data connection and GPS are worth it
I’d have to assume AppleCare would include screen burn in
Well I work in a center so it wouldn’t be hard but I just need enough people to show interest
I’m still interested in getting a weekly bowling meet up going or a full time league. I brought it up at a meetup a little while back 
This guy has no chill
I’m still waiting for original Starcraft
Can anyone else confirm for sure that they don’t check credit each time you use the IUP.
Either this or Whisky River uptown after 10 (stay sober and dance)
I thought $20 was stupid high but the film companies are even more of selfish morons. 

I wouldn’t pay over $10 a movie and that’s the price of Netflix. Maybe we should stop paying actors just metric shit tons of money 
It works for the MacBooks though
2010 hipster approved
Sounds fun 
Not trying to be insensitive but your girlfriend sounds like she has social anxiety or may still be dealing with her depression.

She has to have SOME kind of ideas in mind.
You’re gonna have to bite the bullet and take her out.

Also reddit meetups 
I believe Sportslink is the way to go. Debating on joining some flag football myself
Just one more episode of (insert Netflix show)!

I’m interested 
Tell me more
A difference of what, seconds if that?
It was actually a really enjoyable fight and the whole venue I was in was yelling and cheering like crazy 
If only Apple made an in-ear version of Airpods
I upgrade iPads every three years and they’re fantastic devices. Definitely understand why they’re upgraded less. My Air 2 went from 2014 until this year and I’ll likely make my 10.5in Pro last 3 years if not more. It’s also my main device 
I personally rather have fast charging than wireless charging. That’s just me
What’s funny is that Apple could take any cryptocurrency and shoot it to the moon 
No you can’t but you can stall them with free food, etc 
Because bars, clubs, etc are trained to recognize danger signs of a person being or getting intoxicated and cut them off long before the point of intoxication or even call a cab and/or police.

At least in NC, an establishment is liable if someone at the place further helps someone gets shitty drunk and then does nothing to either sober the person up or find them alternate transportation.

Source, TIPS training, working in hospitality industry.
Hurricane Mega Weenie Hut Jr
I mean on the price of the device, it’s expected at this point. I had to pay a $130 premium to get the cellular iPad, I expect Apple to follow suit on the Watch
Uptown is basically dead from Monday through Thursday, a few spots might have some gatherings depending on venue and night of the week.

Aka, Suite on Wed, WR on Tues, Bubble on Thurs.

I can’t speak for everywhere obviously 
“My mood is changed instantly!”
Grandpa Hulk, his later years
u want some fuk Betsy?
My FB is full of these, I just want to blow up on them about how stupid it is
I don’t miss iOS 6 design at all
I couldn’t justify paying an extra $100 or more for LTE on my watch. This is coming from someone who has a LTE iPad Pro.


I made the jump to full time iPad 10.5, the only issue I have is that some websites are still funky on “mobile” view, like someone else said, it knows I’m on an iPad but some elements are goofy.

Everything else is great
Good thing iOS11 fixes that
Such a bad design
RIP his inbox
Pretty much all of my cables are still intact also
77 is a shitshow every day, so just imagine a once a century event. Get ready for a parking lot from our city limits to Columbia
I just discovered this as well
I don’t get why anyone would leave their car unlocked unless it’s in a garage locked shut and even then, I’d probably still lock it
That separation of the back cameras is kinda meh
A change I could get behind
I wasn't trashing your opinion, just responding to it.
I couldn't care less about the headphone jack, I've been a loyal Bluetooth headphone user for a while now. The glass back just screams more easily broken phone to me thinking back to the iPhone 4(s) series. Also yes, while I do prefer TouchID, I'll wait to see how the faceID works first before I judge 
I'd like an aqua color, will it ever happen, probably not
A glass back to me is a no-go, if the price goes over $1000, I have to draw the line somewhere. And with all the drastic rumored changes, I’d be better off waiting for the (s) model of the 8 or whatever it’s called 
 Pretty much how I feel about it 
Honestly if half of these leaks are real, I’m not jumping to the 8.
For some reason, I read this as “she does it all to sprite you”, thought you were making a clever pun
The 10.5 is my main device, I definitely recommend it. I ended up selling my MacBook Pro for it.
I prefer the look of Apple Maps but I’m still using Google mostly until Apple can provide me faster routes more reliably and until the traffic is overhauled, it’s far more obvious on GM where traffic is and how it will affect me
Honestly you'd be better off going to a place like Carmax and using the 3k as a down payment and obviously I don't know what your finances or credit looks like but credit unions give awesome auto loan rates also

It'd be more wise to invest in a better car anyway, yes you only need probably point A to B, but you want something that isn't gonna fail on you within a year also.

And for $3000 total, your options become very limited 
Unfortunately I'll be in Cali on business and gonna miss it all
I’ve been wanting to come back to the meetups but I keep getting stuck with work, one day again soon 
I'll join the party and recommend Slate as well
This is what I did as well. It's been a month so far, little to no issues 
Hello Weather, it's an app
I've been using Hello Weather, I like it 
I'd like a saltwater resistant LTE Watch so I could have it on in the ocean but leave my phone at the hotel 
Nailed it
I buy it on all my devices as well, you just never know.
Just depends on the features, etc it has
Preferences. I'll end up buying Beats before AirPods because I don't like non in-ear headphones like my Jaybirds
I know on 485 the last week, I've seen probably stretches where I've seen three people pulled in a mile's length and seeing cops hang out in multiple parking lots randomly
I keep saying I'll hold onto a model for two years but I end up upgrading every year typically 
This is the real answer
I see them constantly now in the wild, I almost feel cool getting mine at release haha, /hipster
Who the fuck does that?
Yeah I'll pick whatever model retains Touch ID
Unemployment and age has really hit him hard
Just find more excuses to hang around?
At least the guy was honest, no surprises from this guy. Ladies, you want honesty, look no farther!
He’ll fit in well with the internet
You have to double check to make sure it’s real.
So where on Tuesday night besides uptown has a good crowd and good energy? Like 10pm-2am timeframe. Tuesday is my girlfriend’s Sat night and mine too sometimes because of work schedule
WHY MUST YOU MORONS FROM 77 START TURNING 485 INTO A PARKING LOT TOO?

JUST DRIVE THE SPEED LIMIT, USE YOUR SIGNALS, AND STOP FEELING LEFT OUT EVERYTIME YOU SEE A WRECK AND DECIDE YOU WANT TO FEEL INCLUDED SO YOU CRASH TOO
Give me that sugar.
I'm a Mets fan
Never heard of it. I did look it up, it doesn’t look like a place I would personally visit but it looks hip hop heavy so may be up your alley
People will hate you when they find out how you can use it!
I’ve been running it on my 10.5, I’ve had very few issues, I recommend it.

I can’t speak for the iPhone side but I wouldn’t put it on there
That’s our boy!
Thursday night can be rough. For you, I’d check out Bubble in the epicenter.
I work most of the weekend, hoping to hang with the girlfriend some tomorrow night
Easily cracking up every time
Pregante
They should keep the iPad Mini around and market it specifically for kids. Just put the 2017 standard iPad internals in it and sell it for $199 or $249 with 32GB, the market will love it and it'll fight traditional game consoles in their price ranges too 
Is the WWC cleaned up? I have a few friends who are paranoid to go there now because of that parasite thing that happened last summer 
I'd like to know this as well
Apple Maps is getting better but I don't rely on it to give me the best route possible yet and it's still fairly slow to reroute me if traffic starts getting bad
Online dating.
I’m about to add one to mine also. I thought I was going crazy like why so many fingerprints?
I have the Pencil, I agree with you on that.

I was aiming more towards the other accessories 
I can't view the site because of my content blocker, that's fine. Just another view they lose
With all the good reviews, etc. I’d have to say the AirPods, unfortunately they’re a no buy for me because I prefer in ear headphones 
He's got just two words for ya...
Better than the US, we can’t even get chip readers in half our stores and only half of those can even be bothered with any form of contactless payment because U.S. companies are greedy, selfish, and stingy with wanting to spend money to upgrade infrastructure 
As a whole, I have to say any iPad accessories, the cases, sleeves, smart keyboards, etc.
Confirmed my idea about finding frozen yogurt, now doing.
That credit card is gonna be on fire tonight 
We need a reaction video out of this
You and me both, same with texts
Let It Go, I refuse to watch it.
Pickup line game is strong with this one 
This is some next level stuff 
The real MVPs of human history.
Waiting for the day where CDMA is phased out completely
That sounds interesting 
Link to this book?
So I just have to get the order correct half the time and then act like I care even less than usual? Sign me up
You don’t want my unsolicited dictures (my word for dick pics) ? That’s cool, just wait until your notification bars sees what I’m thinking about!
For the unwise, what is Bahn Mi?
NoDa bars are pretty decent also.
I just wish they'd keep a smaller bezel on the bottom if it means keeping Touch ID in its current form
He was obviously trying to be that shoulder you cry on and dick you ride on friend.
And they say he doesn’t have a way with words, well guess what? They’re just fat slags!
Someone else would like to speak with you.

AND HIS NAME IS JOHNNNNNN CENNNAAAAAA
Florida is the US store brand of Australia 
NY people are genuinely honest and friendly for the most part, those who say different are usually from other parts of the country with no real clue 
Want to know how I came out on top?

I’m leading a fairly successful and happy life and karma bitchslapped him with children from one night stands, lackluster jobs, drug charges etc.
This is the real answer.

Some answers in this thread are awful. “You can’t help it so oh well” and “he’s checking out other women also so oh well”. What a disgrace. 

Yes maybe both true but that shouldn’t be a cut and dry answer

This is a situation where you need to be open with your guy and that your needs are changing and make sure he knows you’ve been loyal and intend to stay that way, but you’re just looking to make changes that will benefit you both, which is true. He’ll have the body type you want and his confidence will be improved.
I don't like Bojangles at all. Makes me sick everytime I eat it
This is what I had to do also, I kept pressing buttons when moving my wrists around
I’m sold on this
Agreed, I'd likely invest into languages or master many forms of self defense or computing skills to help with higher paying jobs
This would be a good guess but idk if there's a way to prove that since that feature uses bluetooth
I'm so fearful of this happening. 
This would make the Panthers a laughing stock 
I also sold my MacBook Pro to make a 10.5in Pro my main device, no regrets so far
I'd want the same physical design but maybe a slightly bigger screen
These are the best kind of trolls
Must have been some huge disagreement up the chain for this to happen at this particular time 
Doesn't make much sense to me. Had to be a big disagreement somewhere up the chain
I've got your real unpopular opinion in retrospect, I strongly would have considered jumping to the Pixel if it had waterproofing of any kind.

I'm back in line now but at its release, I was tempted for the first time in many years to switch back to Android

Sad to say, mine is only used as a device to switch songs at the gym and notifications. Other than that, I do like the fact it's becoming a fashionable item
Ballz, no seriously, it’s called Ballz
It’s the only notes app I’ve used for a while now, it works just fine for me
So I went to Surfer, it was legit 
Why hostile?
Something about a hot woman stripping for me, not like a stripper but someone as your significant other basically going out of their way to tease the shit out of you.
These names check out
Scooby Doo and The Little Fockers.

Fred and the gang meet with the strange locals of a small town.
Most tabloid celebrities 
WE KNEW YOU’D COME!
I believe that’s actually a scientific fact
Bars, bars, occasional club visit, and then some outdoor activities sometimes 
Just watch it
The Tuesday meetups would be a good start for you 
I use a mixture of both
👍
Thanks bud
Hilarious but occasionally those things can go out of date, if it was simple as using the search bar, I would have did that
Good video
Pshhh, half of those things would exist no matter what, let's not blame people from NY for your grievances 
Yeah I would like to see MLS here but not in favor of just butchering everything else
Don't a lot of NFL teams also multipurpose their stadiums for MLB also? 
My family is from NY so no shocker I identify with basically all of the Northeastern US phrases 
TGI Friday?
Hey it's me, not a finance frat bro
So never having done one of these before, is there something special I gotta do?
Greensboro is 3rd or 4th biggest city in state, it could hold a stadium for a professional team. 

But also, I'd find space in Concord for a MLB stadium, just name the team the Carolina whatevers 
Totally would like that idea
Sounds like you didn’t make it clear on first contact your intention to sleep with them, etc so in return, they shut you down
Tyrones?
It sounds like your LTR is looking to keep her options open. It’s time to demote her to plate.
I own a Google Home that I do enjoy using
The meta we deserve 
Looks like the $22 offer from Amazon is no longer available, just tried
The true facts of life 
Probably also tinted window violations, etc
I used an Air 2 since release until the 10.5 came out. I probably will upgrade every three years, although I’m not even remotely worried about the hardware being outdated
+1 for Swappa, I sell all my tech on there
PSN: Marino4k

Was around 2800 but down to 2500, slumping real hard lately due to lack of team, organization, etc. I main Lucio, but can also play 76 well and also an acceptable D.va

Aiming to get to at least high diamond 
As a NC resident living in a very liberal city, it’s painful how bad this state’s politics are
I tried to suggest this through the feedback app last year and they just kinda ignored it.
I believe the iPad Air 2 is a better buy and likely cheaper also
Well right now I'm in between jobs. I was a district sales manager that tracked sales on our store with Shopify which has a great mobile app. I used iCloud Drive to hold any pdfs containing to new hires, etc. MS Word for any typing ventures, and we all kept touch with Google Hangouts and FB Messenger.

Now I took an assistant manager job at a bigger company outlet, and I'm not sure what I'll need now but I'm sure I'll be able to tackle it
I sold my MacBook Pro and my iPad Air 2,

I’m now full time iPad Pro 10.5, I decided that I fit into Apple’s vision of replacing my laptop with a tablet, I don’t use nor need any “desktop apps” that stops other people. I’ve been accustomed to using apps or web based apps for a while now. As far as my definition of “productivity” and “consumption” is concerned, this does it for me.

I have a Bluetooth keyboard and the Pencil to keep me going as well.
I’m a big fan of Carolina Beach
I cracked up watching this a few times because it’s so true
Download the app “Friendly”, it’s a FB alternative app but they just recently added Instagram accounts to it as well and it looks great
So many upvotes in this thread.

Unfortunately as a country, we've become too proud to see the issues in front of our faces, this goes well beyond Trump, the media, etc. 

The entire political process in this country is bought and owned by Wall Street and has been for years, money talks beyond our wildest dreams. Any political opinion or view can be influenced by money. To think, at one point in our history, government at least seemed to legitimately care about us
If there ever a time for a Ron Simmons’ DAMN!
If only this was on front page. 
I’ve yet to see a RTS game I like on iOS, they’re all so cheesy looking and in app purchases galore.

Waiting for the day we get some PC/Mac like RTS games on here
Personally, I made the leap and use an iPad Pro 10.5 as my primary device, so far so good 
This might convince me to hold onto my 7 for an extra year or so.
Define “you guys”
I would have just for originality, I saw it online
Sadly true
Wasn’t “Beth” by KISS their most famous song financially but far away from their obvious style?
I trust the guy on the sidewalk saying he needs money to fight ninjas more than Trump
Trump is only emboldened when he plays the “us vs them” dynamic, that’s the only way he gets to hide behind his obvious failures. 

When he was getting elected, it was him (us) vs the “swamp”, now it’s “us” vs the “fake news” (media)

When he runs out of things to play victim with, the impeachment will follow
Nope, especially a TOR browser app.
Rarely, occasionally two Safari tabs in split view but other than that, I don't need it too often
Personally it does feel slightly bigger than my Air 2 was, but maybe that's all I needed. It really does feel like that "just right" size
I would argue that a tablet "trying to be a computer" is easier to accomplish over time than a "computer trying to be a tablet"
The 10.5 is my primary device now, as much as I would have liked the 12.9, it's still too awkwardly large 
Smile, smile, and more smiling 
Personally I'm looking to strike a balance between aesthetics and strength, I weigh 160, I can bench about 200lb, that's roughly 125% of my bodyweight, I'm cool with that.

Also I rather be ripped, slightly weaker, and milk up the shallow chicks, as long as I could still fight, I'll be fine 
I'm resisting so hard to install the beta yet, I usually wait until 2nd or 3rd public beta 
For now, still Word over Pages and despite my best wishes, still Google Maps over Apple Maps
I figured, I was being clever and hoping I could run .exe files on it and run it through my iPad, as in let me play SC1 lol
I believe the new photo and video formats are for 7 and 7+ also 
When you say whatever is on the stick,  I assume you mean just media files?
No yahoo messenger?! Lame!
Very rarely used it, usually on accident 
You need to have this seller prove to you it isn't locked first or make sure this is from a reliable source 
Even with beta software, one app using 40% is a lot, but I'm also considering that Instagram is probably not designed for iOS11 yet either 
I think it would only collect that data from people reporting traffic themselves but maybe I'm wrong 
Simply notifications
Wait until the final release of iOS11 before we lose it, plenty of features are removed and readded in betas
Major low key improvement, also looking at you Waze
Sounds like Starbucks 
The promise of iOS11 made me finally pull the trigger of replacing my laptop with an iPad, went out and got the 10.5in with a pencil and even on iOS10, no issues thus far.

I'll probably wait a few more public beta releases before I jump in since I no longer have a MacOS device to restore with if I have serious issues
Is mayonnaise an instrument?
Yep no issues here, and if I do, it's shit design by the site
I just use Word and then send copy to one of my emails and it allows me to save as a PDF
I personally did, I've been toying with the idea for a while now because my old MacBook Pro just stood untouched for weeks.

Finally when the 10.5 came out, I sold my old iPad and MacBook and dove in.
I did end up buying the pencil and I have a Bluetooth keyboard and it works well for me. I don't do any complicated work or serious gaming, all of my job's applications are web based so that's easy also. So far, I'm definitely one of the people who can make this a laptop replacement.

Everyone's definition of "work" is different 
I was dying laughing at the segment as a whole, if their goal was to break everyone's state and make us die inside of either laughter or embarrassment, it worked
Booker T approves of this segment
Most devices and networks still provide decent accuracy via GPS, the extra battery drain is not worth that
How do you figure? I turn off wifi radio whenever I leave my house, what justification do I have to leave it on otherwise?
I'm still very happy with my Series 0 also, it just seems to keep kicking 
So many places just basically refuse to use chip readers let alone Apple Pay
I got the first Watch on release, I'd like a Series 2 but can't justify it, especially after getting the 10.5in iPad Pro
I feel Google Maps is quicker to update me about a faster route than Apple Maps does
This is my situation, I'm taking the dive into full time iPad only, even though I probably wouldn't even use 40GB, I went 256 to be safe for any future scenario.

For example, on my three year old 128Gb Air 2 that I just sold, I had only used 15GB, I bought it on release
May want to double check that, I was under the impression water damage is still not covered
You couldn't go wrong either way honestly. If you need any kind of advanced traditional programs, you have no choice but to go Surfacr but if you simply need normal every day browsing, etc, iPad would be great 
I'm on the hunt for a good case, hopefully this is it
Hey, I'm down for Charlotte being better 
To give you any kind of reference point. I attempted to trade in my Air 2 128GB LTE model, excellent condition. They only offered me $165, they're going for $300+ on swappa
Great looking app.
 I used to run a radio program that said "it really whips the llama's ass",  but I still remember that quote, good times
I'm seeing more and more Apple Watches in the world, I'm thinking this is simply the market starting to mature to apps that can only be useful on the Watch rather than just anything and everything
Venmo has been great to me and I have no doubt this Apple Pay variant will be great also
This is why we love the internet, you never know what you will learn.

/r/todayilearned
Wallpaper link from your iPhone?
Wallpaper worthy for sure
I'd be surprised if the new top of the line iPhone doesn't contain it.
In the same boat, entry level 2014 rMBP and Air 2, likely selling both to consolidate down to an iPad Pro, just don't know which size yet
My biggest iPad pet peeve, and I can't even blame Apple, I don't want crap mobile versions, I want desktop!
Twerking moose?
Fair enough, but I also suppose I'm not in the market for a airplay speaker, makes sense
I mean if the Homepod was $150ish similar to Google Home or even Apple TV range, I'd bite but $350 for a glorified Siri Bluetooth speaker? No way. Especially with me dishing out for a new iPad Pro and iPhone 8
Very impressive to see single core scores that on paper mirror MacBook Pros from 2014 and multi core scores from a high end 2011 model, again on paper.
Music to my ears 
Joining with you. Honestly my MacBook Pro gets like 15% of my usage, I think now I feel confident I could make an iPad my main computing device 
People are clenching onto their tablet inferiority complexes very hard in Android land
I agree with that last part. Chromebooks will affect standard PC sales and cut into their market before it truly cuts into iPad/Surface numbers 
Well it is still beta to be fair, it'll probably go through countless changes before release 
That may be low key the best thing in iOS11, helping save battery.
I just think the signal dots seem more modern 
Apple Music apparently knows your browser history, that's its response. Rip.
Fml
It was definitely their time to go
Yeah I actually feel "signal bars" are kinda archaic.
iOS11 is a home run for iPads, I just wish stable iOS11 was ready now and not September 
Honestly dark mode is my only real want on the iPhone side of things currently
Damn I actually like the signal bubbles
Also my most looked forward item possibly. My Air 2 is still going strong but wouldn't mind a slightly bigger screen that isn't as big as the 12.9 inch screen.
Hell, so many places in the US refuse to accept chip cards still, I'm so annoyed how slow the US is to roll out stuff 
Also 1v1 Guardian, MLG rules
One can hope
What they said
I want to write a letter to every world leader and apologize on behalf of all Americans for how stupid our president is and apparently half of the voting population
Agreed. I only will buy in ear headphones
Probably the greatest thing I've learned recently 
I honestly have zero interest in a glass iPhone. Even if I put it in a case, certain drops could still break it. I don't want wireless charging if it means glass design
Actual link to them?
Not trying to nitpick, but how is it heavy? It weighs like a pound
What is a sapphire leather case?
Cyberghost 
Very accurate statement, my Air 2 is still super fast and nothing slows it down still, battery is still decent, etc. 

Other companies would still kill to have the tablet sales Apple has
Hey it's me ur friend 
I hate 77 way more than 85 or 485
Amazing to see the sales of the watch, beats, etc equal that to their own Fortune 500 company according to article
Seconded for the view
Name of complex(s)?
I'm here with you. Today is my birthday and I get treated to this disgrace of a game
I gave him his 10,000th upvote even, I feel special 
Do any apartment complexes allow GF to be installed?
As someone who is relocating to the area shortly. I've seen the existing kiosks. It does seem to be a well ran business and good people. I'd check them out 
Could be small earthquake 
C and D traded off most of them for me. E was awful to me, and B was definitely underwhelming 

When the results were announced, I wasn't super surprised 
This might become my favorite holiday 
5S/SE is still my favorite design
Internal testicular tension water damage?

/s before I'm burned alive
I hope you picked it up relatively quick
They still have work to do though. I literally parked my car  outside of 204 North uptown and walked to epicenter, so a block or so basically and I had three of them stop me asking me for either work or change for the bus. I declined them politely but it's unfortunate so many people are doing this 
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
Couldn't they just make the "home button" and Touch ID sensor smaller so they could still reduce bezel and leave the button like it is
I imagine this is with fitness and such in mind?
I'd like to know how they defined "ugly"
I was sad to see it go for sure
Likely won't be a deciding factor on my choice but if it happens, I'd have to see how it's implemented 
DARK MODE DAMN IT
My biggest concern is how the battery cases will work, Apple's specifically 
I'm about to lose so much spare time 
It's amazing to see criminals take this way out so often, I can only imagine the thought processes in someone's head leading up to this 
This should be what happens but we'll see how the NFL deals with it
So delicious 
Pretty much took the words out of my mouth 
I'd return it and wait a little bit for the refreshes
I'm submerged. iPhone, iPad, Watch, MacBook Pro, likely an Apple TV one day.
It's the first thing I changed when I got my laptop.
Nah, only downvoted you for your first jackass sentence, wasn't necessary
Tell me more about Windsor Park, relevant to my interests 
Now we just need a starter pack starter pack
Unfortunately I'm sure this is the case.
They need to help out the tag teams for sure
Yeah I've had a great time trying to explore safe places to live down there.
Is West Charlotte that bad? Legitimate question.
I live in Winston currently trying to move to Charlotte.

So this question falls into my lap lol. I'd check out some of the great places to eat, maybe explore the Whitewater Center, visit a local bar and just kickback
Provided I've never been to Richmond but I'm not sure how the nightlife is weak?
Just remember, we can see all four seasons in a week here
That's what I was afraid of.

Crime is probably my biggest concern on where I pick to stay 
So many obscene words for my young mouth at the time came out on this map. This was the Blood Gulch before Blood Gulch

This for sure, 3rd party apps would have to increase dramatically in quality. Also Android needs to get their battery issues in order
People need to just jump on the Bluetooth headphone train already.
I knew the weather felt off this week
Damn it, I keep holding out hope but eh
Wednesday is too hipster, do it Thursday
Well if you pushed Cesaro like Reigns, his merchandise sales would jump way up too
The outrage will happen but only when a politician's dirty laundry gets leaked out through their kids phone somehow. Then they'll care
Absolutely worth it. Best accessory purchase I've ever gotten. 
I've had basically flawless success with TMobile
How much per week on average?
Epicenter is legit but check out some of the NoDa bars too
What do you mean "make yourself available" I have a linkedin I use frequently but it doesn't seem to get much attention
I'd totally be interested but I'm still trying to relocate to the area so if that happens soon, I'm in
Anybody know any jobs hiring around $15-20 a hour with no degree needed that aren't sales, marketing, b2b, etc, that seems to be all that's available. I have plenty of working experience but can't seem to find anything that pays well
I'd say check out Cotton Room
I second this
I'm opposite of you OP, I'm trying to move to the area and get OUT of sales and I can't find anything that isn't sales related. So many options, look on LinkedIn
I think their burgers are slightly better for you compared to other fast food options, such as sodium, etc. prices aren't bad either 
That is 2013, ages ago in tech time frames and also before the 6 which was super popular 
Austin Aries is going to save us all.
To be fair, I did see this article but it seems so farfetched to make that much and he's doing it almost full time.

I would probably be doing it 4-10 hours a week only
I would never have survived if it wasn't for the smart battery case.
Basically I use both, so all my photos and videos end up on both my iPhone and iPad 
Knock on wood, mine still looks fairly new, release date matte black 7
Just bring Overwatch to Mac OS, I'll be satisfied then 
I personally rather them just stick with Lightning or go completely wireless. Hell, let's change our phones like the Watch.
I try to use Apple Maps but Google seems to always find me the faster route and it seems AM has some kind of delay part of the time almost causing me to miss turns, etc. I'm confident they will get it right but not quite yet 
For fuck's sake, somebody stop NE
This is incredible.
I can't say I'm shocked, it is about time to put the 32 bit devices out to pasture.
I've considered it many times, but I do light gaming on my rMBP and until an iPad can run Mac OS games, I likely can't do a full switch 
Probably can't go wrong with either. Protonmail is likely more secure though but obviously it doesn't work full blown with your device like iCloud could
Definitely using as a wallpaper, thanks!
Right there with you, I always pick the ones who happen to have massive insecurities
I'm not sure of the logic here unless they're reworking the tool 
Definitely swappa
HOW ABOUT WORDPAD?!
Outside of frequency of updates and accuracy, Apple Maps is getting there
If that was me whining, you're more delusional than I already thought, but hey what did I expect from a sub with as much logic as a backwoods cult 
Will you guys let it go already? You deserve anything that happens to you at this point.
I personally can't stand Narwhal's UI, I still use the Reddit desktop site half the time, none of the apps do it for me.
We should just have a monthly Siri complaint thread 
I kill my Smart Battery Case each day while at work just from using it. The Plus doesn't have much more capacity than the case so it's entirely possible to run it out in 8 hours. However, I'm pretty much all over social media all day so that's probably my culprit
I would agree. In just a few short years, Apple swiped almost half of the wireless headphone market that they're pushing heavily with their iPhone line.
My iPad replaced my laptop for probably 90% of my tasks. Only when I need lots of tabs open or serious writing experiences do I use my rMBP. If Apple could get the iOS Safari experience just a little smoother on par with the Mac OS version, I could likely switch full time.
Honestly, with as little portable usage as my rMBP gets, I'd consider trading it in if I could get a decent Mac Mini with SSD by default 
That sub angers me every time I visit. Such stupidity and lack of possible safety for a phone.
That's pretty impressive I will say
OCD nightmare
Pretty much why mine is still on
First was a used iPhone 5 back in 2013, I enjoyed Android but I was sick of having to root, mod, tinker for days, just to find a comfortable medium that I could tolerate.
Because historically, "most" Android phones suffer in the battery life department.
Wouldn't shock me at all.
Not looking forward to glass again and likely improved chances for our phones to break some more.
I was sick of having to keep flashing new custom ROMs/kernels just to find a variation of Android I liked, along with endless wakelocks and battery being sucked out. iPhones just gave me that "just have my phone and enjoy it" feeling.

Now that I'm here, the ecosystem is almost spotless and although device envy gets me sometimes, I'm far too sucked into the ecosystem to switch without a pain in the ass
> declining sales.

Keep in mind, any company would still kill to have the kind of tablet sales Apple enjoys.
Well the other idea is that iPads last a while, there's no rush for new ones. My parents are still rocking 1st gen Airs with little to no issue, I'm rocking a 128LTE Air 2 and will probably make that last another year unless some great sales occur on the 12.9" model(s)
I wish iPads had a slightly modified version of iOS that maybe had a dock similar to Mac OS but still was iOS at its core 
Not trying to be smart but why generally do some people have upwards of 30 tabs open at a time?
Much improved for sure, fantastic job.
Especially busy
Incredible wallpapers
Posting in great thread 
No we don't, I switched because I wanted something new.
I thought I was the only one who thought this way, paying on my Watch is "cooler" but iPhone brings just a bit more simplicity and usefulness to it
I'm not convinced CarPlay and Android Auto are the future of car computing just yet.