Yeah
Yeah, I like having social interactions with friends and people I like. I just can't do it often and get exhausted and need time to rest afterward.
Yeah, first time, I didn't back it since it didn't look too good. Also it was on a whole separate platform Fig.
I think it's US for now. 
I've already backed the KS but at the rate it's going, it doesn't look like it's going to get funded.
Because a lot of people use Amazon Prime to preorder games here for discounts. 
Ask him. 

If anything, this might be the norm for him. Him being social and taking a bunch of initiative might be out of the norm.

When it comes to meeting people, and connecting with people, I put up a front of being social and taking initiatives.

With people I'm close with, I go with the flow and usually quiet.
Pro, no. Slim, yes.
Even if they do, I've lost confidence on their software side. The HTC 10 is still stuck on December security update.

HTC Sense had issue changing wallpapers (it affected 10, and the U line for everyone) for nearly a month with HTC being completely silent on the issue. Only just a week ago, it started working again. 
Generally, I wouldn't care. 

I would only be irritated if I actually had to commit a large amount of my time, ready to present my help to them and they turn around and say nevermind.

Trying removing all updates from Google App. Then reinstall the updates. That usually fix most issues for me. 
Does it matter? It's probably going to sell regardless if it's a port or not. 
As far as I know and what I can find, the Switch version is Japanese only.

There is an English sub version for PlayStation released in Singapore. 

Do not expect a western release.
Be patient and open.

How you guys are when webcamming, is a good start of what to expect in real life.
Sorta, there is a PS4 version of Gal Gun Double Peace released at the same time so it's not as if Inticreate didn't have to do some scaling and optimization. The only real downside to the PSVita version compare to the PS4 version was PS4 had higher and stable framerate.

What makes the Switch version feel so lazy is the fact that a scaling option doesn't even exist. Nor does it feel optimized hence the constant load screens.
I thought they would do a better job since the PSVita version for Double Peace was pretty good. Barely any load time, and UI is reasonably size with text big enough to read.

Gal Gun 2 is just a lazy port.
My point is that it's not the same as the other versions at release.
The timed bonus was meant to entice buyers to get the game at full price. Nearly any informed consumer will know that ubisoft games drop in prices in mere weeks to 2-3 months after release.

Whereas the Switch version has zero incentive to pay the full $60.
So far, I think I like Double Peace more than Gal Gun 2.

The game seem to be designed with the TV in mind. Tiny text and menu on handheld mode.

And so far there has been a lot of loading screen with mildly long loading time.
That's stretching.
Except Apple is not the first to take the plunge, not even close. Motorola was first to do so in the NA with the Moto Z.

Oppo did it years ago with the Finder in China. LeEco Le 2, Le 2Pro and Le Max 2 in China and India in early 2016.

No, it's not. I rarely could ever justify paying more than double for the MSRP of a new game, and even less so for a used game.

I can understand if the series has some meaning to you but if you're doing it for the sake of collecting, then it's definitely not worth it.
I played an imported copy of Moon Dwellers, no issues there.

I haven't gotten around to playing Super Robot Wars V, and have X on the way.

The only one I've noticed issues (not unplayable but graphic glitches during cutscenes) was Gundam Breaker 3.

So there might be some truth to that but I don't like tying paid contents onto my regional account since if anything happens to those, it's harder to troubleshoot.
No, just an address from that region. So people usually just google up a random address and use it.
The game isn't available outside of the Asia/Japan region.

You'll need to create a PSN account for the Singapore region (or one of the countries with Asia English releases) if you want the Asia English version.

After that, you'll need to import PSN cards from that specific region. You can then purchase the game from the account made for the specific region. Make sure the account has your PS4 as primary.

You can now play the game on your AU PSN account.

My suggestion, just import the physical copy from Play-Asia and save yourself a few extra step of buying PSN credit.
Internet, that's how I found a group of people I talk to frequently and have met in real life.
You don't have to fall head over heels to understand this. You just have to be in love and in a relationship long enough to know that once the honeymoon period is over, a relationship requires commitment, communication and work.
It happens to me too, and I'm still trying to be better at separating that anxiety/lack of self-esteem from gut instinct on red flags.

The future is unknown, it's scary so it's natural to want to maintain your comfort zone. However, if you let yourself fall prey to ideas like it's not possible or it won't work for reasons that are resulting from your own issues than you create a self fulfilling prophecy. This is why it's important to figure out if it's your own issues stopping you or your gut instinct on red flags. 
I wouldn't know since I don't know most people's typing and I don't actively try to make that guess about them.

I've had people look up to me but I never really questioned why. Some people found me endearing for the traits listed. When I speak in subject matters I'm familiar or interested in, I come off very confident and yet objective. Though to some, it appears condescending because it lacks the emotional input since I stick with information. 
They aren't episodic, that's one. And choices have a bigger/meaningful impact whereas Telltale games do not.

David Cages game are far more cinematic.
I follow a similar pattern, not that I want to but I simply can't maintain that social/charming/talkative/assertiveness side of me without the need for a rest period (which can be a week). During the rest period, most of my thoughts feel jumble and if someone tries to force a conversation then what they will get from me are very disjointed thoughts or simple answers.

For people who are closer to me, they find this to be enigmatic but for people who don't know me well, they think I've lost interest which is far from the truth.


>If so, why do you consistently search for horrible relationships?

From what I've observed in others, generally those that seek out horrible relationships are immature themselves or lacking greatly in self-esteem/confidence and are drawn to other immature people.
Some people delighted when I'm being myself because I'm so different and have an unique perspective on things. These kind of people also love that it challenges what they know and often are fun to talk to.

Then there are people as you describe like my ex. She had a ton of trouble accepting the fact that I'm not like most people in way I think and act when it comes to social norms to the point where it upsets her. Conversations like these are more of "what's wrong with you" "why aren't you doing this" "you should do this".
There isn't much you can do to help her and it's not because you're different.

Ultimately, it's one of those situation that a person either realizes what they need to do and grab themselves by the bootstrap (as well as internalize certain beliefs and ideas), or they continue to go nowhere in life.

I can talk about how to be motivated and what it takes to be happy but like mathematical concepts, it has to be internalized first before a person can apply it in an applicable fashion. Otherwise, it's just a floating abstract idea that's out of reach.

You can't help make her internalize it but you can perhaps ask her questions that make her think. Challenge her logic/thoughts as to why she shoots down an idea. Hope she realizes her flaws through a Socratic method.
I love Platinum and their games but I never finished it on the WiiU. It never clicked with me and didn't see the appeal of the game. So I wouldn't buy it again.
No matter how hard Amazon and Apple try, they won't ever beat Google Maps and Waze.

The reason for that is the sheer number of users for both Google Maps and Waze, and on top of that, nearly everyone sharing their location data and such.

This allows nearly real-time data and better navigation.

For example, on at least two occasion where there were sudden road blacks due to construction/damage. Waze end up being perfect to instant re-routing and providing a detour. Google Maps, not as quick but by measuring number of users and their speed, it's does a really good job at providing real time traffic density data.

Unless Amazon and Apple can get the same number of users sharing their data, it's near impossible to provide the same level of accurate traffic data.
No, you're well beyond your return period. Even if you try to return without a receipt, you're only going to get it at current market price which is about $30.
It works with your car. I can use the steering wheel controls to change songs, control volume, activate voice commands without saying okay google, hang up, make a call, and so forth.

AA lets me switch between Waze and GM whether by touch or voice command. 

It connects to my car mic which is much better than screaming at my phone hoping my phone mic picks up what I say properly.

It also connects onto my car's GPS making it far more accurate/faster than what my phone can provide.

Depending on the model/make, it can even show up as turn by turn directions on your driver interface so you don't have to even look at the screen.

Best part is that my phone doesn't burn up.
If the Garmin Amazon Alexa device is anything to go by, it's going to be terrible.
I still have a bit of trouble with this. There are days when that's not the case but then there are days where I do that.

It's less of the case for people I don't have to interact with often but if I have to constantly socialize with someone, this happens.

And if I force myself to say something, it comes out awkward and confusing.
Guys, this is just a crosspost. Please click on the link to get to the AMA.
Is there any chance we will see something like customizing Naomi's apartment?
This is why I hate Friday release. I found the frequency of delays on my shipping tends to increase as it gets closer to Friday. 

I'm not so bother by a day delay but delays on a Friday delivery means waiting until Monday.
I see a lot about customizing Naomi's look but how about her apartment?
I don't hate it. I just don't care for all the usual that weddings entail so I prefer something more low\-key yet large \(not so much by choice but due a fairly large friend circle and sightly large family\).

I don't know how difficult it is to plan as I'm not there yet but from family/friend's wedding, it's only as tedious as you and your SO makes it to be.
It's one of those things for most people that never realize how useful it can be until they see it or been expose to it. Most of my friends were really impressed by AA when they sat in my car and it's now something they'll consider before buying a car.

Kinda like seat warmer, it seem trivial at first until I sat in car with one during a freezing cold winter. Or how I never really thought I'd care about remote start feature but end up using that quite a bit especially during winter.
That's why I use AA to avoid the terrible automaker software since most of it is just mirroring my phone while giving me the ability to use my steering wheel control with AA, my car mic with AA, and so on. I also lose access to HVAC, vehicle settings, and rear view camera with an aftermarket HU.

Unfortunately, my model didn't include the turn by turn direction on my driver interface as a standard. But I had to replace my car before the next year models that did support the turn by turn came out as standard.

Honestly the trade off to use an aftermarket HU is a lot worse than sticking to the one from the automaker if we're talking about AA.
Improving my upper body strength to use a higher draw weight for archery.
Hey now, privacy was one of their Deal of the Day. 78% off!!!
No... Maybe your 2014 Cruze is easy but doesn't mean the rest are.

A lot of cars especially after 2015 started integrating HVAC/vehicle control settings into their infotainment system HU. Some cars make it near impossible to use the standard rear view camera with an aftermarker HU so the only option is to replace that too.

Oh, and forget about volume/voice/phone control from your steering wheels with aftermarket HU.

Good luck finding a good aftermarket HU that works perfectly for Civics 2016+ for trims EX and up. 
We'll probably hear something during E3. My HOTAS is ready.
Currently I'm watching (there are a lot of interesting series this season):

Darling in the FranXX (recommend)

Megalo Box

Steins; Gate 0 (I might wait until the series is done since I've played the game)

Persona 5 The Animation (Maybe it's because I've played the game but it feels more like a Wikipedia version of the game)

Wotaku ni Koi wa Muzukashii (Seen 1 episode, so far so good. It's not often you see an anime with the MC being a fully functional adult)

Hinamatsuri (I might drop this)

Ginga Eiyuu Densetsu -Die Neue These- Kaikou

3D Kanojo (I like it, loved the first episode, and end up reading the entire manga so now all I can think of is "The Manga is better")

Caligula (It's meh, might drop it)

Comic Girls

Mahou Shoujo Ore (I've dropped this, it feels like it's trying too hard to be funny by copying some of One Punch Man humor)

Kakuriyo no Yadomeshi (One of those anime that isn't great but isn't terrible, may drop)

Cutie Honey Universe (??? Not sure if I want to keep going or drop)

Lostorage conflated WIXOSS (I'm kinda committed to this series since I've seen the other two seasons)

Gundam Build Diver (not really liking the change to middle school students)

Cardcaptor Sakura Clear Card 

And finally, I'm watching the other three seasons of Full Metal Panic! so I can watch the new season and be ready for the game.
Hahaha, I've also seen Inuyashiki. I enjoyed it.

<.< I watch a fair amount of anime. I usually pick up about 3-6 shows a season. 
I've watched B. It started off really good but felt like it tried to do too much towards the middle and end. It never really felt like the two plots cross path, just ran parallel to each other. 

I ended up liking AICO -incarnation- much more than B: The Beginning between the two Netflix exclusive series.
Not in the US, I've been keeping an eye on it and have yet to see it on sale.
Yeah, I stopped about halfway through the episode. I'm generally not a fan of CGI in anime but something about this show was just so bad I had to stop.

On another note, if you haven't done so, give Megalo Box a try.
It's $30. I'd consider it at $20 but even then, it's still too high.
I tried to watch an episode but I can't get over the terrible CGI animation.
I have a Honda Civic, only minor issues but overall it does a good job.


I'm still waiting for a sale on Namco Museum. I can't justify the price tag just for one game (don't care for the other titles).
To get to the survey, you need a copy of Yakuza 6. The survey is located within the game's menu.
It's still a bad example since we never got a solid date other than Fall for both versions. Rumor is late October but nothing concrete so in the US, it was never delayed. 
Except VC4 is a terrible example. VC4 is already out for PS4 where the Switch version was originally planned to be released in Summer.

I rather like it when publishers and devs don't hold back other versions of the game from being released because the Switch version has issues. 


I feel the same. Some things I don't mind a novel but for Spider-Man, it just feels wrong to be a novel.
Friendship doesn't need physical presence for me. Most of my close friends, I don't keep in touch on a frequent bases but when we do talk, it would be like just yesterday.

Romantic relationship, yes, very much yes. Otherwise, it wouldn't be all that different from friendship. It's hard to have any intimacy in a LDR, which for me is important.
I enjoyed it, and felt like I should have done more to make it more memorable.

Do I feel like some of the stuff are a waste of time? Sure. But, you've got your whole life ahead of you to advance your career. High school and college are some of the best time to make life long friends, and to make memories.

I regret not doing study abroad in an effort to save a few thousand dollars. In the long run for a short term gain, I've missed out on something big that I would never be able to experience.

If you're truly ambitious to excel, you can do that on top of school.
Let's shoot for a new high score!
1) Depends. If I can find something to talk about/common interest, then yes. If I can't, then no.

2) Hmm, in the past, yeah. These days, it's not really possible nor do I really want to. I've gotten to the point where I realize that I need to be mindful of having me-time otherwise I'll burn out.

3) Yes, and sometimes distant if I'm not in a talkative mood.

4) More of the opposite. The more people there are, the more I fade into the background.
Something big must have popped up during QA testing. 

It cost a ton of money to delay a game and would be cheaper to push out a patch. So whatever they found must be bad and big enough that it makes more financial sense to delay it then to release it, and patch the issue later on. Delay is generally a last resort option.
That's just one part of the game. There could be other technical issues or game-breaking bugs that wasn't present in the demo but is present for the final version. Stable FPS isn't the end all indicator that everything is fine.

But you're missing the point of my post. Every time there is a thread about Switch version being delayed even if the developers straight out say technical issues, there are always people posting about delay because of they were paid off for exclusivity/developers are trying to double dip. Or they hold some indie dev making an okay port as some shining example of how easy it is to port when reality for big games, that's not the case.
Haha, I think I know which store you're talking about.

Thanks but I can wait. I barely have time for games these days and have an insanely huge backlog.
I wonder if this sub ever consider that maybe, just mayyyybbee that the Switch is not as easy to develop/port games to due to being the most different than PS4/Xbox One/PC, and being the most under-powered of the 4.

But no, it's easier to entertain every possible conspiracy theory first.
For sure but I think the increase in preorders due to the discount strained their warehouses/distribution yet at the same time Amazon either doesn't care or unable to handle the increase hence missing release date shipping or selling out.

Hence more issues. I live in NYC, and it's been a crapshoot on whether I get the game on time and if it will arrive in decent condition. It's been going on for at least 7 years for me which was why I got GCU a long time ago. Never looked back.
No, they're just having trouble in general. If you ask the NintendoSwitch subreddit, they think Amazon has it out for Nintendo games since quite a few people never get their games on time.

If you ask me, Amazon has been struggling with handling timely delivery with media/games in general. It just became more apparently with their poorly thought-out GCU copy cat.
Physical when possible. If a physical copy will come out at a later date, then I weigh the cost of the physical copy and the time I have to wait.

For example, Overcooked was not worth the wait and the extra $20.
I don't think emotion precedes logic. They sometimes work concurrently.

Sometimes, logic do come first as we build it through our cognition of the world but in order to apply reason to the logic, that requires emotion.

If someone acts on emotion first without logic, then they are the impulsive kind of people. The kind that will do everything to more or less hurt themselves and others around them since they have the raw emotion but no proper line of logic to follow on how to proceed.
Books, and academia stuff. Before I had a PC and easy access to internet, that's what I did. I read a lot of books and conduct mainly electricity related experiments.
Same here. I have a lot of empathy but sympathy is another story.

Which is why some people think I give rather deep/interesting advice. I'm able to understand how they feel but since I don't necessarily sympathize, I'm not caught up in the BS of simply licking their wound. Instead, I'm just analyzing and giving what I believe is the root of the issue, and possible solutions while trying to accommodate their current state of emotions.

Where I fall short are people who wishes to be victims and woe-is-me. Those are the people where I come off as cold and a sociopath in their eyes.
EA, so good luck.
Same here with Civic, as long as the car isn't moving I can even use it in Drive.
Damn, that's unplayable!
I don't think it matters but the combat/gameplay in the first game wasn't perfect. It was more refine as the series progress so it might be better to play the first one, first since gameplay wise, it's easier to enjoy.

Story-wise, it helps but not necessary.
Auto correct screwed that upl. I meant to write "I already". 
I'll ready own this on PS3, PC and PS4. I think I'm good at this point. Definitely a game worth playing.

Do not watch the anime, it's pure shit. 
No, mine is still there. I used it this morning. 
Sega has been hesitant about porting Shenmue I and II for a long time because the sales aren't there, and the following isn't strong enough to justify it. It's one of those series where many people know the name and its history but not invested enough to buy it.

There wasn't enough of a following to keep the series going hence why it took forever before a Shenmue III kickstarter even happened with help from Sony and the persistence from the creator.

Right now, the biggest mystery is if Shenmue I and II save file will carry over to Shenmue III. If yes, it wouldn't make any sense to bring it onto the Switch since there is no point in getting the Switch version if the files don't carry over.

People need to understand that putting a game on more system does not equate to more money. It can be the opposite if a company divides up the consumer base into too many fragments. PS4 and PC sales for Shenmue are guarantee and a must thanks to Shenmue III. Xbox One, while not getting Shenmue III does have the advantage of BC for the other games and a much easier port thanks to similarity between PS4. 

So in terms of cost to do the port, and the potential sales, Switch is on the bottom of profitability for a title that Sega has deemed not enough fans/following to pursue a port/remastered/sequel for the longest time.
At the very least, Zero Two knew she fucked up hence why she said this is her punishment.
He's that good of a man. I guess his only flaw is that he doesn't share his pain and burden with anyone.
Zero Two never hid her intent. She made it pretty clear from the start she was only there for her darling. She may not have been forth coming about everything but for the most part, she never lied about her intents - to be with darling.

Ichigo on the other hand have been passive aggressive and manipulating everyone in the name of protecting Hiro or what's best for the team. But at every turn, it was obvious it's because she wants to be with Hiro. The only time she actually does something that is in Hiro's best interest is when she caves under the team's pressure.
Doesn't matter if she did or not. She never properly rejected Goro first.

On top of that, everything she claims to have done for the team is pretty obvious she did it out of her own self interest. It was never to the team or to Hiro.

Hiro already knows she's not the type to listen to what he has to say, he's not going to use what little energy he had to fight her on it. Which is why he made his escape without telling her.

Ichigo to the very end isn't considerate of Hiro. It's secondary to her desire to be with him.
Eo To since day 1.
The salt on the wound is that she sees Hiro hurting because Zero Two is leaving, and when he decides to go after her, Ichigo stops him. Then on top of stopping him, she forced a kiss on him and the confess. 

Like holy crap, there is zero consideration for Hiro's feeling at all. Dude is hurting, at least give him some space and show some self respect. 
Ichigo doesn't deserve him. 
Fuck Ichigo, she's the worst. Her kind of help is the worst kind of help, the one that impose without listening.
Yeah, that's the biggest reason why I'm getting the CE for those glasses and stone.
Would it be nice, yes. Do I really care, no since I'm more of a single player guy. 
I'm getting the CE but won't touch it until I finish Yakuza-0, Kiwami and Kiwami 2.
This is wonderful news since I can finally try to finish these games before III comes out.
It's legal for woman to be topless in NY.
Same. I was disappointed that going forward most cases will have the dull looking titles instead of a logo or anything creative.
I would have gotten the phone if they had preorder offer like UK. But at that price with no incentive, it feels a bit too expensive.
No shit? Every compentent companies are always looking into their next product. It why companies have dedicated R&D.

Do people think products especially techs are designed in a few months? It takes years. 
You have no idea how many figures I have. I've stopped and reduced it down to about 1 or 2 figures a year now since I was putting too much money into that hobby and not enough space.

One of my favorite figure is the banned Angewomon figure.
You don't explain it. You will learn to display your figures with pride and deflect stares of disgust. This is all part of the journey in anime figure collecting.
It's Good Smile.
It's a bit difficult to find examples with most of the google search being overwhelm by the bad translation for Re:brith (the remake on PSV and PC, and if you think Re:birth was bad, the original was worse).

All I remember is that they changed most of the dialogues to shit memes. The most glaring difference was when one of the character said something about being in love, instead the text show hur dur (some shit laugh) and then spewing out some meme. That was when I decided to drop the game.

However, here is the article about the guy who worked on the localization for the game, who didn't even know Japanese.

http://www.siliconera.com/2016/04/18/hyperdimension-neptunia-editor-nick-doerr-talks-localization/
Yes, it's being published by Sony and using Decima engine (GG which is owned by Sony).
Highly anticipated? You're going to have to define that because SNK Heroines is pretty close to as niche as you can get, and have less fanservice power than Dead or Alive.
It's not the first time they have had trash localization. Hyperdimension Neptunia, most of the dialogue was whatever they felt like typing in. 

I couldn't finish the game because the English translation wasn't even remotely close to what the Japanese dub was saying.
They're also including a bunch of videos and art with the game. So those will probably take a few more gigs.
Because Nintendo, 3DS/NES Classic/SNES Classic in most countries do not even include an AC adapter.
>Actually, i myself am a Virgin (obv.) i'm a bit bothered by the fact that if i might actually find a girl i like, that she slept with like 40 different dudes or so, i can't actually explain why, but i believe it's the fact that i feel kinda inferior to her in that certain topic.

You'll get over it once you've mature pass those insecurities. If you don't, be prepare to be a virgin even longer. Inferiority complex can be very damming in the dating scene. 

If someone is experienced, and they truly like you, they'll guide you and teach you. 
As it stands now, We Happy Few already had a few discounts (on top of the 20% discount for GCU/Prime) for the preorders. This rarely happens unless there is a lot of doubts about the success. Early Access opinion hasn't been favorable. So it does not bold well for them in terms of this game's success.

It would be beneficial for them to release it on the Switch sooner than later while the Switch library is more limited. Once the Switch library gets more crowded, I doubt most would even consider getting this game.
Long lost childhood friend/sweetheart>childhood friend that never left.

The  math does not lie.
No
Probably Canada since it's $80 MSRP there.
NISA has a long record for blaming everything but themselves when something fails or why they can't do it despite their competitors having no issues. 

It's no surprise here and one of the reasons why I stop supporting them.

Their official forum was also atrocious, a lot of criticisms towards NISA were often deleted. They dug their own grave with most of their PS fans. The moment more Japanese publishers and developers open their own publishing companies in the west, the more fans were lost. Spike Chunsoft was one of the last hold out but they're finally free from NISA. 
Thanks! 
What's the source for the pic?
Yup, this. For a while, they had a strong niche following since there weren't enough publishers to bring over japanese niche titles.

Most of their customers just put up with their shobby translation/localization along with censorship.

But something change between PS3 end cycle and the time when PSVita became a haven for niche japanese title. More small publishers started to handle localization. Atlus merging with Sega, XSeed acquiring Marvelous, PQube rising, and many of them promised to keep censorship to a minimum or none at all.

NISA was the opposite. They've lost a lot of support during this time.

You have no idea how happy I am about Spike Chunsoft now handles localization themselves since a few of their titles use to be handle by NISA.
I hear you. There are plenty of shows that starts off strong but fizzle out by the end. Then there are ones that start slow but picks up like crazier.

For me, Darling in the FranXX had me at the start and I never thought it was bad. Even with the character building/world building, I thought it was well paced.
She sorta looks like Suzy.
Don't, it doesn't get any better. The worst thing you can do to yourself is to fall into the sunk cost fallacy (not just with games).
I will reserve my judgement about the doctor. We don't know where his true allegiance lies and what his end game is. It could be the old, you must fool your allies before you can fool your enemies routine. 
Well, he was already consider special and was getting special test. So, I don't think it's the blood alone.
Which goes back to the whole thing about Jian birds. Alone, they are nothing and cannot fly but together, they're free.
For whatever reasons, Ape was pretty against Hiro and Zero Two being together despite knowing they are compatible. Only one of them was open to the idea of letting them pilot together and the others came around with hesitation.
Same here. I'm trying all sorts of different combination like wing, princess, witch, and sort. But Maleficent, Beauty and the Beast, Little Mermaid, and Princess and the Frog keeps filling up my results. 
They started the game development, 10 revisions prior to Switch support. So somewhere along the way, they probably stop because it may have been interfering with the development.

Also, Switch support for UE4 wasn't released until 2 months before DQXI was released. So the game was pretty much done prior to the engine supporting Switch.
Makes me wonder how many people actually done any programming in their life.
One of the first thing I've noticed. It looks like he's running Oreo.
Superior Spiderman
It sorta does, 60 fps supplies more information to the player and thus allow better responses. 

I can't find the article with pictures demonstrating this in a racing game. But the short version is that player has much less time to react for braking and more inaccurate information about distance at 30fps than at 60 fps. 
I'm not answering, I'm summing it up. I was pointing out why the two are very different in both nature and purpose thus a bad comparison. 

Not without bulk, and that still doesn't change the fact that there are more places for things to go wrong with modular. More contact points that can erode and so on. Generally, a machine is most reliable with the fewest moving parts. 
Games without preorder bonus are generally placed lower on priority list. If there isn't any bonus, then I can get the game anytime during year. If I wait long enough, sale. 

From there, I pick out the games I really want to play ASAP. 

And then from there, I filter it out by bonuses.

These are the games that stays on my preorder list. 

I don't know why people think they cannot cancel. If you picked up the game, you can leave it sealed and read the reviews. If it's not to your liking, return it. 

If it's to your liking, well you walked away with more than people who didn't preorder and bought the game within about 2 weeks of release.

The gaming market is pretty competitive, and for most games only sell during the first few months of release. After that, it relies on massive sales. So, preorder bonus are generally incentives to reward earlier buyers.

We probably wouldn't even get half the games bandai Namco bring over if it wasn't for their actual preorder exclusive bonus. Most of their titles are destined for bargain bins within 2-3 months. If everyone kept waiting because there is no incentive to get the game around launch, then sales will always be abysmal. This is a huge issue with developers in the middle especially during last gen.

There were so many devs getting shut down left and right, many titles that didn't see localization. Because if they're not AAA, they stood little chance. 

It's better now, and I think preorder bonus is helping titles that normally would ignore and wait for bargain bins.
Digimon Story Cyber Sleuth, while it's also on PSVita, it's for the most part better on the PS4.

To me, Digimon was and still is better than Pokemon especially when it comes to story and characterization. 

The artwork is done by Suzuhito Yasuda, who's designs I've enjoyed in SMT:Devil Survivor and Durarara!!.

As for the gameplay, it plays like a Persona game so it was pretty much a good combination.

I tried to play the import version using Google Translate but that was extremely difficult and I didn't get too far in the Japanese import.

There was much relief when Bandai Namco decided to localize the game.

Thanks for the giveaway.
Those are reasons why western consumer shunned it. 

Not why big western developers shunned it and most never bothered to after the first year or so.
>Heck, they even released a TV Adapter for it. 

That was the PSP. They've never released a TV adapter for the PSVita.

They did release a PSVita TV which isn't an adapter but a "console" version of the PSVita which didn't sell well at all.
If that was true than there wouldn't have been a lot of PSVita version for a bunch of the PS4 games in Japan.

For whatever reason, western developers shunned the PSVita.
I never had confidence in the whole modular phone idea. There were way too many factors working against it to go mainstream, and too small of a market to make it successful.

Computers having interchangeable parts only work at a desktop level where it sits in the same spot all day. You don't have to worry about durability of modular parts while moving around all the time.

It's why we don't see modular laptops.

Then there is cost. In the same way it's now cheaper to buy a prebuilt desktop for the average consumer, it's going to be cheaper to buy a prebuilt phone.

Desktops has whole other industries that encourages upgrading certain parts due to demand for more computing power, better graphics and such. What industry drives people to upgrade parts of their phone?

If too few people are upgrading modular parts, then manufactures loses incentive to create newer and better modular parts.

Comparing it to desktop is a bad comparison since it's a completely separate ball park.
Well, depends on the line and time. But sometimes it's faster to walk to your destination than waiting for the train or takes about the same time.

Most of the time, particularly during rush hour, you can end up adding 30 minutes to your commute. It wouldn't be so frustrating if you knew what was going on and be able to get off the train. But most of the time, you're just stuck in the train with no info about what's going on. 
Right?! I dream of having Spiderman's power and the knowledge to build webbing so I can get around NYC faster because the MTA is shit. 
The dev are still around making FE games. 
Same thought crossed my mind, title said realistic and then mentions frostbite on the Switch. 
So you're suggesting pretty much what Tile and every other key tag does.

I remember someone here suggesting to tape one onto their Switch. 
I'll just wait. I rather get the 20% discount and free shipping than pay around full price and shipping.
I really hope that Ace Combat 7 comes out before/by July. I don't think I can take any more late-August/September release.
This version includes Shipwreck and Reign of Giants. No Together, so single player only.
I say get a PS4 when you see a good deal if you're in no rush.
I'm trying my best to keep the list of games I want in the remainder of the year to ten but... 

Detroit

DQXI

Steins;Gate Elite 

Spiderman 

Yakuza 6

Yakuza Kiwami 2

Octopath 

Kingdom Hearts 3

Valkyria Chronicles 4

428 Shibuya Scramble 

Songs of Memories 

Gal Gun 2

New Gundam Breaker

Shining Resonance Refrain

Smash?

Donkey Kong TF (can't cancel this but want to because 2018 is ridiculous right now)

And I know I have a few more missing because I'm just waiting for more info/possibility of a LE edition.

Frankly, I'm hoping nothing much gets announced on the Switch so I don't end up adding more to this list. 
Yeah, at this point, I'm canceling games off my preorder list because at least 5 games I want are being released all within +/- 2 weeks from the first week of September.

If they have no preorder bonus, they're getting cut. It's not even about not being able to afford it. It's the fact that I can't play all those games so quickly and it makes no sense to backlog those game, when I can buy them much later for cheap. 
Oh, I think I'm wrong about that. I confused the Reveal Summer 2018 image with the Steelbook description.
I'm not sure why people keep thinking this, they've discussed this in a few interviews already.

Marvel came to Sony in 2014 after Activision Marvel contract was up to make an exclusive game on any super hero of their choosing. Sony ask Insomniac to help, and Insomniac wanted to do Spiderman. Marvel said yes.

If they wanted, it could have been an exclusive Deadpool game.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wdWt2HFvWRk

The MCU Spiderman deal came much later, about a year later in mid 2015.
The game deal came before the movie deal. Even then, Sony Pictures is independent from SIE so it's not a thank you.

Pretty much as soon as Activision contract was up in 2014, Marvel high tailed out of there and went to Sony to ask them to make a game. Marvel said any hero, and Sony went to Insomniac, who then asked for Spiderman. Marvel said yes, and here we are.

The MCU Spiderman deal happen about a year later, around May 2015. If anything, Sony Pictures are the ones thanking Marvel but again, they're independent so that's not likely the case.
Get pass the tutorial area, and recover your first memory. If you still find yourself not enjoying the game then I say you should move on.

The game didn't pull me in like other Zelda games especially since it's extremely light on story even compare to previous Zelda games.
I have a Switch and PS4. I'll end picking Spiderman and Smash if they come out around the same time.

DQXI risk getting pushed out of my list.
They said it contains a spoiler that they don't want to spoil yet. 

Edit: A mistake on my end.
Based on past Sony CE, no.

I wish they had a physical edition with all the DLC bonuses minus the statue.
>I dont know why you're being so weird about this.

The same can be said to you.

Sony has been experimenting with Friday releases before BOP III was released. The Order 1886 was a Friday release and that came out way before COD.

There isn't any evidence nor indication that CoD started the trend is my point. 
Because correlation doesn't mean causation. As I've said, there has been a lot of talks about moving release date to Friday. It could be a bunch of publishers working with logistic companies and distributors, and has taken them this long to work out a plan that works for Friday releases.

Most business decisions aren't made on the fly because someone else did it.

Just because someone does anything first, doesn't mean they are the one that started the trend.
I couldn't say for sure since it's one of those changes that creeps up. All I know is that there were a lot of talks about moving to Friday releases since a few years back.

So it's not like publishers are jumping on board because COD did it. It's more of a calculated decision.
Nintendo did since they've always done Friday releases. A few niche publishers wanted to follow, some did.
Some people hate the idea that others can play it before the weekend because it might get spoiled for them.
I do sometimes with Best Buy. It's for the preorder bonuses and not having to go out of the way to get it.

Friday night means I may be out late and usually means I won't get to BB in time before closing to do in-store pick up.

BB doesn't open until around 10/11 am on Saturday so therefore, I lose about 3 hours playtime, and need to use up an extra 1-2 hours to go pick it up.

Shipping is so much more convenient.
I'm skipping TR, not high on my priority list.

There is a risk of Steins;Gate Elite, and Smash Brothers coming out in September.

Ugh, there is also Yakuza Kiwami 2 and 428:Shibuya Scramble on August 28.
It started around a year or two ago where some publishers were considering Friday releases because there are people who complained about having to wait a few days before the weekend. Now it seems like more publishers are getting on board.

Personally, I hate Friday releases since shipping seems to get more unreliable as the weekend approaches. 
Damn, beat me to posting. I was really hoping during the summer.

September is jam packed for me. DQXI, Shining Resonance, and now Spiderman. I feel like there is a title I'm forgetting too.
Marvel. Marvel is the one approaching publishers to make their games.

Marvel asked Sony to help them make a quality game on any hero. Sony said yes, and asked Insomniacs for help. Insomniac asked if they could do Spiderman, and Marvel said yes. Some deals were made and Marvel decided Sony will do Spiderman for the foreseeable future. This all happened in 2014.

The other publisher that Marvel contracted out work to is SE who will be working on the Avengers game. 
FB thinks I'm conservative but I don't think it understands sarcasm/dark humor/satire all too well. 

Most of my FB post are satirical in nature and would be obvious to anyone reading it that I'm mocking certain conservative values/mindset.
They're two different developer with two different publishers with two very different track records. It's comparing apple and orange.

Unless you work for them and working on the game, you have no way of knowing where the footage being shown really lies in development timeline.
This is a complete separate thing from the movie rights. The movie rights is with Sony Pictures and independent of anything to do with games.

In the game case, Marvel reached out to SIE (Sony Interactive Entertainment, the company that handles PlayStation brands) and ask SIE to make an exclusive game. SIE reached out to Insomniac and they agreed to work on it. This all happened in 2014 and all part of Marvel's strategy to make better Marvel games independent of their movies.
It's soldered into the motherboard. 

Even if it wasn't, that doesn't mean you can swap it since the Switch firmware/OS doesn't support other wifi card.
That's why I said might be.
Nope, this is something Marvel approached and offered to Sony as a first party exclusive.
It's from an alpha build (see the corner). So it might be way better than the footage at this point.
The gameplay looks amazing! Seriously can't wait for this game.
IMO, a lot of people in NYC tries to keep up with the Jones way too much.

There are a lot of people in NYC who feels like they need to move out to be "independent" and "successful" which leads to judgement on those who choose to live at home with parents.

Then there are people who eat out all the time. Most of the people I know could save quite a bit of money if they just cook their own meal. A lunch cost around ~$15-$20 in Manhattan. That's easily $100 gone in a week just on lunch alone.

Combine a higher COL and poor finance/budgeting skill, and you get a lot of people just living paycheck to paycheck.
Yeah, I never finished Indigo Prophecy and I'm reluctant to go back since it's so dated.
I mean, there are always going to be a few people who will play games no matter where they are.

In my experience with cons, people pulled out their 3DS to check on streetpass. This naturally had other people pulling out their 3DS to check their streetpass. With streetpass, you can see what the people around you are playing. If they're playing a similar game and it has some multiplayer mode, it became a natural conversation starter.

On top of that, NYC had a very large StreetPass meetup that showed up during most anime/gaming/sci-fi events. Since, Streetpass is on every 3DS, it's very inviting and open.

The Switch doesn't have this. It will require more for people to go out of their comfort zone to initiate a meetup. No one wants to show up to a meetup with nothing in common as other players.
This mentality was ingrained in me at a very young age. I never got allowance nor got anything I've asked for as a kid. So the moment I could work, I started saving and knew how much more important it is to be able to save as well as knowing how to stretch a dollar.

The only time my finance went out of whack was when I bought a new car, attending grad school and paid out of pocket, and was dating someone who was the complete opposite of me when it comes to finance.

The lesson learned is to only get into serious relationship with those who at least have a good head when it comes to personal finance.
They're two very different games and genre. I'm skipping GoW since I was never a big GoW fan.

Detroit on the other hand, I'm getting Day 1. I love games where choices impact the story especially in subtle ways and enjoyed both Heavy Rain and Beyond Two Souls.
Because unlike the 3DS, the Switch doesn't have something like StreetPass. So most people, aren't going to take out their Switch (assuming they've brought it with them at all) just to play at an event they've paid for.

Whereas the 3DS, it gave a reason to pull out your 3DS.

Edit: typo
Troll and I
I'm generally not going to wait on purpose especially if there is not incentive to wait. I play mainly on dock so portability isn't factor in unless there is a couch co-op mode that is better suited on the Switch.

If it's a game I really want to play, I don't intend to wait for the Switch version. If I wait by then, the other versions will be dirt cheap so I would need a good reason why I should pick the Switch version over the other consoles at a low price.

Overall, it's not the time that concerns me but rather if the Switch version holds any substantial advantages over the other version for me.
It's not. That was an error in reporting.
It would be epic help if we knew who developed the game.
INTP-A, I rather side with L. I say I have more in common with L's morals and tactics than I do with Light.

While I understand Light's justification, I don't think I could ever agree with one person having that much power and let it be with someone so twisted.
The OP doesn't even know if it's lighter, and doesn't think it feels any lighter.

Like I said, it's a big leap in logic just because the OP's Switch isn't turning on after months of no use.
I have GCU so it makes more sense for me to wait for a sale.

Regardless, my preorder is locked in because I'm not going to risk losing $20 in promo credit for a game I'll eventually get.
Too many games coming out this year that I want. 

Since it's a port at full price without any preorder incentives, it makes no difference if I get it day 1 or months down the line when it's likely to see a sale even if it's small.
DK Tropical Freeze. I actually want to cancel it but I have promo credit tied to the preorder.

After that, Gal Gun 2. The rest of the titles I do want on the Switch are all TBD.
Then all hope is lost for those people. Because no matter what they do, they're damned.
I have my doubts. Despite HTC's pledge on 2 year support, the HTC 10 software support has been very shaky in the last few months as the 2 year mark approaches.

HTC 10 got Oreo out in Jan/Feb with December security update but nothing since then. On top of that, the Oreo update seems to come and goes from their webpage.

Are you on wifi? The Switch has terrible wifi.
We don't know that. OP assumes it's the China airport's fault but the OP hasn't touch his Switch in months. 

>I haven't used it for the past few months but it doesn't feel that light, I will try to find a kitchen scale and report back.

So when it didn't turn on, OP assumes China's airport security took out the battery.

Quite the jump in logic, more likely is that leaving the battery in a complete discharged state has done damage to the battery.
Worst case scenario is that the battery is permanently damaged because the battery is deeply discharged for an extended period.
Yeah, it's basically airline traveling 101. Always bring your electronics as carry-on when possible.

Even if airlines didn't go through check-in baggage, they always toss and treat each luggage with as little care as possible.
The OP is guessing that the battery is removed (as per his comments on this post), only knows that the Switch doesn't turn on.
IMO, a kid should experience the bad and disappointing games too. It helps them learn to refine their taste and know better on what they want/don't want.

By interjecting, the kid is now deprive of that learning moment.

Or the kid could end up disliking BotW and forsaken Zelda games forever because the first experience was too difficult.
None. The only imperfection is the fact that the bottom doesn't stick 100%.
I have this protector since day 1. Nothing out of the ordinary.
Or just use a smartphone as a second screen like PS4 and Xbox One.
I thought they canceled the performance patch update earlier this month.

https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/826mp6/pinball_fx3_resolution_framerate_patch_cancelled/dv7ygat/

Edit: nvm, I see they've announced that it's coming later. 
> I wouldn't buy it from sony, they're god awful with third party DLC content prices in general.

You do know that Sony does not set the price on third party DLCs, right? They're set by the publisher. 
Turned based strategy game
But why would you buy the system for one game?  (Not counting Yoshi because that's not out and there isn't a whole lot of info)

The only time I think it's justify for someone in getting a system for one game is if that game is going to be digital crack for them.
No, the villain is more like the US telecommunication industry namely Comcast. Total control of the internet, and the possibility of tier plans.
No, you only have to find Waldo and his friends.
Digimon Story Cyber Sleuth
Yeah, found them all. 

I meant a physical reward, the pokemon one gave out a card that says Pokemon Master. Or how the justice league android pay event gave android justice league figures.
Just finished, found all of them. I wonder if there is reward for doing so like the pokemon one. 
I think exclusives have more benefits than cons. For one, not every developer has the resources to develop on multiple consoles, that takes time and money.

So in the end, you generally would get a better product since resources isn't divided up. 

Then there is the fact, developers can optimize it for a single system opposed to multiple system which adds to limitations since you have to keep the lowest common denominator in mind.

It can also keep the player experience uniform. It's frustrating that PC experience can vary so greatly. I end up forsakening every getting an amd graphic cards because I've found gaming using their cards to be a generally inferior experience than Nvidia.

I can't afford every consoles, and chose to skip out on Xbox. I've missed a few games but that's life. It's a very entitled feeling to believe that all game should come to your system of choice. 

Life is full of compromises. 
Did you mean to reply to the OP? Because I'm just quoting the OP. 
Those sounds like the symptoms of a failing hard drive.

I would back up your files asap.
I can see that but I like the subtle blinking off screen.
Screenshots are always 720p, heavily compressed.

I wish we can change it and why I never bother with the screenshot feature on the Switch. They look so bad and blurry.

>I had played Persona 2 and 4, and both of them had disappointed me.

What were you expecting? If you didn't like the other games in the series, it means the series isn't for you.
Yes, you need to provide a serial number.
They most likely back down for PR reason. In today's political climate, BBY definitely don't want to be a target, as the sole official retailer of Huawei, of people who believe the government about alleged security risk.

Ajit Pai has already threaten carriers to take funding away if they carry Huawei phones.
It's mostly on the car manufacture, and in some part, the phone manufacture/OS version.

If you go around the civic forums, there are far more Carplay issues than there are AA.

LG/Samsung phones seem to play less nice with AA than other OEM.

On my Civic, there aren't too many issues with AA and my HTC 10. Though the recent AA version seems to cut audio from Spotify after a call.

Even if CP runs a bit better, I couldn't give up Google Maps and Waze. Just last night, if it wasn't for Waze, I would have driven in circles for a while. Google Maps didn't account for the construction road block that went up without notice, and no detour signs were setup. Waze was able to give me a detour.
The former. Sometimes I'm just not in a mood to talk not because I don't care.

However, if kept push to talk then it will slowly evolve to not caring at all because not only would I get burned out but dread talking.
I'm fine with the ports. As long as the game is good, and I feel like it's worth an upgrade, I'd get it.

But I'm not hard press on new titles as I'm trying to manage my long preorder list between PS4 and Switch. I've already had to cut out Mario Tennis and Labo to make room for titles with preorder bonuses. 

No point in getting Mario Tennis at release if there is no incentive.
Hopefully there are preorder bonuses like the other countries. I'm still waiting on more info/review for the Nokia 8 S.

Leaning back and forth between XZ2 Compact and Nokia 8 S.
It didn't work for me. Also have the same plan as you.
How did you do it via Twitter?
You still got 7 years left to screw up and lose all chance on becoming a wizard.

Work on yourself, and become your own person. A negative perception of yourself will be picked up by others and you probably come off with a depressing/shitty attitude about life. These will sabotage your chance of even coming close to them considering to date you.

Figure out what you want your life to be about and work on that.
It's not that I on't top off my battery when I can, I do but when your phone can't get through even 5-6 hours with minimal usage being out and about then that starts becoming an issue.

Moderate usage will quickly drop that down to 3 hours.

I have a powerbank on me just in case but if I can avoid relying on that, it would be great.
Please let it be Lollipop Chainsaw 2!!! or even a remaster of the first one.
I guess I know what to expect with SE developed by their main team, add 3-5 years from announcement.

PC ports, expect it to run with a lot of issues.
Yeah, I remember something of that sort. HTC then was still a very viable option and use to be a very popular device especially with Verizon and Sprint carriers.

Somewhere around Galaxy S3/S4, most people switch to Samsung phones like in droves. I think the OLED screen had something to do with it. Since then, it's been either Samsung or Apple with most people.

What's even weirder to me was that most people I knew who had Samsung phone, their phones starts crapping out or having weird lag issues after about a year and a half. Despite that, people still got Samsung phone thinking it's just natural as phone gets older or they think Android is terrible and switch to iPhone.

Where I'm just using my HTC phones for 2-3 years before switching mainly due to battery no longer being able to keep up or feel like I need a newer phone.
We have no idea when they got the dev kit to work on the game. At the time of the announcement, they've only said it will be coming to the NX but never mention that it's already in development. I can't remember if they said the game will be worked on after PS4/3DS versions were done.

They could have gotten the dev kit some time around late 2016 along with most developers.

Either way, SE seems to have long development time. I mean, it's been 3 years since they've announced FFVII:Remaster but we haven't seen anything new.

FF Versus XIII was announced before PS3 was even released, went through development hell before becoming FFXV for PS4/Xbox One.

Kingdom Hearts 3 may finally see a release this year after being announced officially about 5 years ago.
In fairness, most smartphone OEM have yet to follow the USB-C standard.

There are multiple type of proprietary charging using USB-C: Quickcharge, Fast Charge, Supercharge, Dash, and the standard - Power Delivery.

When buying an adapter/powerbank, you have to be careful which one you buy otherwise it will either not work or lead to charging issues.

Then there is Thunderbolt 3 which uses USB-C but does not adhere to the standard either and acts more like a display port.

If anything, Nintendo should have given it some fancy name for their non-standard use like all the other manufacture.
No, they said development [on the Switch version] is expected to take a long time from a technological standpoint.

It's turned based combat.
There will be, SE Store exclusive, will be announced at a later date.
Yes, like FF, each DQ game are independent of each other. The stories are self-contained. They share similar monsters but that's usually about it.
I'm getting the PS4 version regardless if the Switch version came out at the same time or not.

Getting 4K screenshot is important to me, and it seems like SE recognize that people want to take nice screenshot since they've added a first person mode and ability to remove all HUD in the western release.
Both, some discs are region free. If they are region lock, then a US disc will not work on a EU PS4.

US is region A. EU is region B.
No matter, I'll be getting the PS4 version. I rather SE get the game out in the west ASAP than hold off until the Switch version is ready.
About time! I was waiting for this announcement. 2018 just got more packed, now I need to cancel something off my ever growing preorder list.
$59.99 is the lowest.

However if you have the Google express $15 off target purchase, then you can get it for big $52.
Fast Charge/Quick Charge - There is no way I'm going back to a phone without it.

LED Notification - It's so subtle and yet so helpful.
Sure, but that's why I said we'll never see it officially here in the US.

As much as I like what I'm seeing about the P20 Pro, I don't have the luxury of throwing ~$1100 plus whatever mark up price to get it through eBay, and have no warranty.
Not going to happen when we have this going on:

https://www.theverge.com/2018/3/26/17164226/fcc-proposal-huawei-zte-us-networks-national-security

The US govt is doing everything they can to ban Huawei.
It's not coming to the US. It may have but with the US government pushing Huawei out of the US market because security concerns, we'll never see it officially here.
If this was available in the US, it would have been a contender as my next phone because those camera result are amazing.
Yeah, all my info was there after I reinstalled. I've been using Google Pay quite a bit in the last few months.
Uninstalling and reinstalling did not work for me. 
For better or worse, I'm getting New Gundam Breaker over Mario Tennis Aces.

Why? Pre-order bonus since Bandai Namco will likely have preorder exclusive DLCs. And when they say exclusive, they mean it.
I said a similar thing about HTC 10 when it was first release, and here we are.

Also, HTC U11+ isn't available in the US (nor am I a fan of giant phone).
It's a Visual Novel but instead of using drawn image, it's with photo of live actors.
It will happen. It happened on the Vita and that wasn't even as popular as the Switch.

Also, eShop needs better organization. As it stands now, it's a PITA to look for older titles.
I think the longest it took me to get the code was about 30 minutes.
Most of the 3DS exploits came from the web browser. I remember a lot of the Pokemon exploits require the web browser to work.
I guess I should specify how bad it has gotten, I can only get about 3 hours SOT from a full charge before it falls below 20%. On standby, I would almost make it to 8 hours with minimal usage.

I've disable many of the background apps.

When the HTC 10 was released it was lacking in the battery area/power management compare to competitors. But I'd let that slide because I manage to get 3 years out of my M7 (but that could be due to the fact I was using a custom rom at the time).
I'd say he likes you.

>I tend to ask him to repeat things he's said and stuff) and much less talkative in person to me compared to through text

I'm the same way. I'm more animated through text than I am in real life. Some days I can be really animated in real life but more often not.

> he always seemed kind of guarded (when I talk to him he would just kind of seem lowkey annoyed(?)

Don't know if he is annoyed or not but as for myself, I tend to be guarded. It's more of a subconscious thing, and takes time for me to open up. I can come off as annoyed since my natural response is to be straightforward and that comes off as too serious which is mistaken for annoyed. But I'm not annoyed.
One set on my docked Switch, one set on a charging grip, and one set on the normal grip.

Every now and then I swap the sets around so that I don't find myself with two dead joy cons.
As much I love HTC phones and been using them for nearly around a decade (since WP phones), my next phone will likely not be a HTC.

They continue to spiral down in loses, and I'm a bit tired of the battery life on their phones. My HTC 10 can't even last half a day anymore. I was hoping to keep the phone for another year since none of this year's model blew me away but I'm now looking at the Sony Xperia ZX2 Compact as my next phone.
Who knows, maybe the person that returned claimed it was unopened, no one at Newegg bother to check, and they just restock it as new.

I know this issue happens all the time at Walmart. Same goes for Target. There were a lot of issues where hackers who had their 3DS banned by Nintendo where they would simply buy a new one at Target/Walmart, swap their banned 3DS with the new one, and return it. Every now and then, someone will make a post (on other forums I've been on) asking for help where they ended up with a used and banned 3DS.
These things happen even for online retailers. I ordered an Nvidia Shield TV years ago from Newegg. When I got it, it was used. The static covering was removed, controller had fingerprints, and tapes were removed.

Newegg replaced it but definitely a bummer feeling to open up being excited and find out it's been opened.
It was since Nintendo tighten their restriction who can get review copies, and cut out many small gaming sites after multiple games ended up getting leaked as soon as review copies went out.

They were much more lax on who qualified for a review copy prior to the whole leaking mess.
That was a whole different issue. Some reviewer leaked their copy online, and people downloaded that ROM started to play online so Nintendo just did a mass ban.
It's false. You only risk a temp ban if you stream the game early but otherwise, you don't get banned.

I forgot which game it happened on but someone said they got a temp ban for streaming their early copy.
Toyota is one of the few manufacture that has been resistant on AA/CP in an effort to keep their system closed. I believe Nissan is the other one.

My 2016 Civic has AA since Day 1 (released in 2015). Hyundai also has AA since 2016, and retroactively updated some of their 2015 models to include AA in 2016.

Most German and American car also had AA installed since 2016.
Nah, I love my Nivdia Shield TV, which runs on Android. It's the best set-top box you'll ever own, and miles ahead of their competitors. 

Android Auto is far better than Carplay, imo. It has Google Maps and Waze, and with Google Assistant it works really well.

If you're on a Civic Forums, more people have issues with CP than AA.
Well, if it helps, the Switch version preorder bonus is Steins:Gate 8 bit.

PS4/Steam version gets Linear Bounded Phenogram.

I was planning to skip Elite due to already playing the VN but now I need to get at least the PS4 version. 
It's just Steins;Gate imagine in 8-bit.
I doubt the PSVita. Spike Chunsoft isn't localizing the PSVita version for the announced games (despite one being made for Japan).
Spike Chunsoft. They haven't announced the systems yet but it's obviously not going to be PS3/PSVita nor 360.

So far, all their announcement has included PS4 therefore the likelihood it's going to be on PS4 is high.
Too late. I no longer care with the amount of games coming out soon and announced for this year.
I think the biggest takeaway from the VN is that you know what Okabe's exact thoughts are. He knows he's putting up a front to appear strong but inside he's a mess making him much more sympathetic.

Whereas the anime, you only see him from a third person POV so he comes off as maniacal, and harder to tell when he's serious or fronting.
The normal one is your typical VN with Huke's artwork.

Elite is the anime replacing all the art images, with VN text.
It looks like Spike Chunsoft decided to announce the games over Twitter since it's been leaked.

Fire Pro Wrestling - PS4


428: Shibuya Scramble - PS4/Steam


Zanki Zero: Last Beginning - PS4/Steam


Steins; Gate Elite - PS4/Switch/Steam


PixelJunk Monster 2 - PS4/Switch/Steam
Highly doubtful about a PC release since Steins;Gate 0 hasn't seen a PC release either and that came out way before Chaos;Child.
Yes and no. It's the anime but with the VN text? subtitles?.

The game got delay/in limbo to improve quality probably running into the same issue that School Days had trouble with which was odd pacing and flow.
How far did you get? The story picks up really fast after a few D-Mail experiment.
> Chaos;Child

That's localized for the PSVita and PS4 by PQube.
Yeah, the title did a poor job explaining. This is a listing for a western localization by Spike Chunsoft (they're doing an announcement later today for new titles they're localizing).
I find it interesting that Spike Chunsoft is the publisher instead of PQube.

I may buy it since I don't own the series on Bluray. But Huke>anime.
No, not on the INTP subreddit, practically lawless here. Just wanted to know if it's a self-promotion.
I still mostly play on my PS4 since that's where a large chunk of the games I enjoy are on.

I've only taken my Switch out for group gathering so it stays in the dock 99% of the time. Therefore, if a game is out on PS4 and Switch, it's going to be the PS4 version unless there is a good co-op mode that I can see being played in group gathering setting.
On the dark triad personality test, the only trait that I show some sign  of darkness is Machiavellian-ism.
Is this a self-promotion?
There is one difference, the images are 1920x1080 where as the Steam version is 1280x960.

But otherwise, it's a port.
Region Free. So you can import this and play it on your US account.
Probably not but you can import from Japan easily these days. Just use Amazon.co.jp, but you'll need to create a separate account.
From your comments, I suggest giving Yakuza 0 a try. It's sorta an open world with a lot to do. An amazing yet quirky story, and the side quest are fantastic. 

Because they're fun, and has brought a lot of good things into my life.

If that is your impression of the current games out, then you're not looking beyond AAA mainstream titles or you have a very specific taste.

What games do you think are good and doesn't have any of those disqualifying traits?
With that attitude, I'd say you're 13.
>wtf I looked it up

Something that should check off everything you are looking for.
Ace of Seafood.
I'm definitely getting it especially since it has 4 player offline mode. 

I've been waiting for something worthwhile to spend my gold coins before the end of the month.
V Rally 4 is coming to the Switch.
You likely won't be able to do it. When I connect to almost any of the plane/airport wifi, they are not the kind that triggers a sign in web applet on my phone so I doubt it will do so for the Switch.

Also, the plane Wifi is insanely slow and not even remotely stable. It's meant for you to check email and such, not stream or play games.
Well the two incentives for the Switch version is the tournament mode and portability.

On PS4/PC, there is already a strong fighting community and you get ultra SFIV as a preorder bonus.

Hard to say but I think the community is stronger on PC. 
No announcement about any multiplayer mode. The only VC game with multiplayer was VC2. 
Phew, I was about to spend my coins a few days ago but decided to wait in hopes of a better sale. Patience paid off.

Edit: Aw bummer, just notice it's UK. Hopefully US gets a decent sale.
The only version to ever receive an English sub is the PS4 version in Asia. Even then, it didn't come to the west.

So while there is a slim chance for an Asia English version, I don't think it's likely since the PS4 audience is big and popular enough to justify an Asia English version. The Switch at this point, no.
Actually 7. The dark red from Mario Odyssey, yellow from Arms, Neon Green, Neon Pink, Neon Blue, Neon Red, and Grey.
You'll be surprise. I made two PSA about it but there are a lot of people who seem very confused about claim vs redeem and believes they have until the end of the month. 
No, only physical. 
I just don't find joy in lifting weights? I need something more engaging or more dynamic.

I could never commit to going to the gym for more than 9 months before quitting. And if I'm there, I wanted to leave after about 20-30 minutes.
Cycling, and Archery. I use to play Badminton.

I hate lifting weights since I find it so boring and mindnumbing.
She can have my vote if it's between her or Cuomo.
It's not on all the terminals.

https://www.reddit.com/r/nyc/comments/72wcnm/mobile_metrocard_scanner_seen_at_bowling_green/

They look like that.
But that means I have to continue the conversation. =/
She died at the hospital.
MTA has already began testing (only QR code at the moment) but Wall St and Bowling Green has a few of the terminals installed as of last year.
I never said it has to brick the console however if anything goes wrong, it's not Nintendo nor the third-party's fault since it's an unlicensed accessories.

Headphones (unless it's usb) since they use a standard where as unlicensed third party controllers and docks are trying to hack their way through. 
If you must ask and can't bother to do the research, then no. 
People using unlicensed accessories are to blame. Companies aren't required to test unlicensed products that works with their product. The risk is on the user since no parties can guarantee the accessory playing nice with the product. This is common knowledge when it comes to electronics. 
Yeah, some of these ideas are better off for a third/fourth date. For first date, I like to keep it more casual (and light on the wallet) usually at a cafe since I'm not much for the bar scene.
You assume these 15m people don't have any other systems.

I don't know a single person personally that only just the Switch for gaming.
Then quit buying games. Whether you preorder or not, DLC nor bonuses aren't going away.

If you want DLC to go away, hope that every consumer is willing to pay closer to $100 a game.

I think it's more insane that you think you're entitled to "everything" for $60 or less where the price of a game hasn't changed in the last 20 years.

Games use to be a lot closer to $100, and factoring in inflation, closer to $120.

Guess what existed before DLCs, expansion packs. Those went away and simply evolved to DLCs.

I don't know what universe you came from but the practice has hardly change in the last 30 years, just the form and it's a shit ton cheaper to have gaming as a hobby than the 90s.
For retailers to secure their sales from competitors, to make sure they don't overstock (since this is seen as a lost for retailers after a certain amount of time has pass), and for publishers to make sure launch period is a smooth success.

I don't have the numbers but capcom did some research back quite a few years, about 10 years and stated most sales occur within 6 months of release before it falls off in sales. I'm sure other publishers have a similar conclusion.

It's the cheapest marketing tactic to keep the game in a consumer's radar up to release date by using convenience. 

You can see this with the digital only crowd who value convenience above all else and willing to pay more.

Whereas the physical crowd is much tougher to win hence extra incentive from retailers.
You must be quite young or have long forgotten the earlier days because before preorder bonus became a thing, it was even worse where you get the bonus at a first come first serve basis.

Now imagine, going to the store for a bonus DLC code and being told they ran out because you didn't get there fast enough. Sometimes you knew the employee are stashing away the bonus to resell, other times they simply run out. 

Rewards aren't going away with or without preorders. 
If you don't see the value in $10 and how to make money work for you, then you'll never truly understand what it means to be financially savvy.

It's not about saving $10 just once, it's about being able to save as a skill.

The reason why a lot of people shit the bed with their finance is because they fail to see the value of money just because it's small. 
They don't even take it out, authorization charges are not the same as an actual charge. 
It blows my mind that people think preordering physical will somehow change development. Not the retail, publisher nor developer see any of the money for preorders. Deposits don't count since in terms of accounting, it doesn't even hit the revenue until the game is picked up. 
Suit yourself if you want to pay more for less. Preordering FC5 would have net you a $10 reward certificate, and the DLC bonus. 
>would hate to lose everything because of it.

FTFY. I don't understand why lately so many people are making the mistake of using loose instead of lose.
Like any company, they only need to test it with licensed products. None of these third party docks are licensed so I'm not sure why people keep insisting on buying them and pretend like there is zero risk.

Anything involving power and particularly USB-C is risky especially when the Switch's usb c isn't compliant themselves. 
I'm not OP and don't have Kirby preordered. I'm just speaking from experience with previous cancellation attempts.
They remove that option once it hits a certain stage.

Or the system outright tell you, it can't be cancel anymore.
Yeah, considering Nvidia still heavily support Nvidia Shield TV, I'd say it will continue to be produce.

Even Nvidia kept using the same chip on the second gen of Shield TV.
Yeah too often, what's more annoying is that sometimes even when you post first, you see others have the same post but different source go up.

Or post something and don't see it go up until 12 hours later.

Or how supposedly the mods check but see the same duplicate news multiple time in the course of a week.
Digital Only, that's a pass from me.

I'll pick it up when it's ~$15.
Yes, I share that experience. However, I realized sometimes over the last few years is that sometimes it's not about doing all the most interesting things (it helps) but what matters more is how you tell it.

I've met people who can talk about the most simple things or unexciting events (and I would know because I was there) yet somehow can tell it in a way that will get an audience.

When people like that tell a story, they add in their thoughts, their feelings, and so forth. They also know how to engage their audience by trying to get them to visualize it.

In any case, being interesting is a skill. Expanding your horizon certainly helps but when you do try to think about how you can tell the story to make it sound interesting or recreate that atmosphere.

Edit: Clarification 
I think it's fine when you're young since dating is a learning experience. But at some point, it's going to need to be a Fuck Yes or a Fuck No. 
Don't know why you got downvoted but have an upvote.

We are. IMO, INTP are like cats. Independent, need space, but yet crave some degree of attention and affection but not tooooo much.


We want what we can't have? 
He's not your problem anymore. He's a 30 year old adult who should be able to take care of himself, and frankly, it doesn't sound like he acts like one.

You're still young, so I implore you to focus on yourself and do what you need to do. You only get to be young once so live your life.
I flirt better when I don't realize they're flirting. Once I notice, my Fe gets the best of me. 
It's always like that, but it gets easier to do the break up especially if part of you has already emotionally checked out.
Or people got lazier due to conveniences.
http://web.mta.info/nyct/facts/ridership/

Impact hasn't really change for subway aside from Saturday.

Bigger impact is on bus with a decline since 2014.
Hmmm
I feel the same. 

Also as a driver in NYC, I rather get stuck behind a taxi cab than behind a uber/lyft driver. Uber/Lyft driver drives really slow and most of them drive like they're a headless chicken trying to figure out where they are.

Uber/Lyft drivers are even more annoying on the highway when they drive far slower than the flow of traffic making it far more dangerous.

In terms of pricing though, Uber/Lyft wins.
I use FB to keep in touch with friends, generally the ones a step below close friends. What others do in their life has little impact on me. If anything, I use it to get ideas for vacation trips, date location, meme, discussion topics, and so forth.

I don't care for Instagram. 

I hate Snapchat because I'm not a selfie person nor do I care to take a pic/video of every little thing. I rather shot them a text or a message on Whatsapp. If it's something worth seeing, it should last more than a few seconds.

My Twitter account is primarily use for promotional stuff, and just fun weird interaction with online friends.

Social Media is ultimately what you make of it.
Just ask him out. You never know for sure until you ask. If the friendship is real, it will get through the awkwardness.

If he rejects, and the friendship was built upon you having a crush on him. It will pass and both of you will be better off. At the very least, you've tried and not have to continue some charade because of the "feels bad".

I'm terrible at initiating conversations but I've gotten better. Most of the time, I just don't know how to ask the question without being awkward about it or being too blunt.

I've never had someone being the first to tell me upfront that they like me. I have had girls tease me and flirt with me. Not going to lie, when caught off guard, I do withdraw instinctively or assume that they are just being nice. No idea how many times I may have missed major signals.

So these days, if I'm interested in someone, I just asked them out. I don't have time to try and figure out the "does she, does she not".
Same here, it's much easier for me to pick up. I only do shipping if I don't have enough time to go to the store.

I don't recommend doing shipping for movies though. The chances of the movie arriving before release date is way higher than games (nearly all my movie preorders arrive about 4-5 days early). In doing so, the price adjustment doesn't occur automatically which sale price doesn't happen until the release.
I second this especially for the more technical subject matters. Very few are exceptionally smart at a subject matter to get it almost instantly.
She's not playing with you. She has been clear from the start, she doesn't want a relationship.

It doesn't mean you can't be friends with benefit or something. Sex and relationship are two independent things.

You're looking for something that's not there and trying to force it.

No, it's not new. They've been doing this for a while but it's not offered all the time.

The trick is to select shipping first and then proceed to checkout.
In my experience, they're very good at packaging both games and movies.

About 50% of the times, I've received games early when it's shipped.
I can't but I know people who can. They are the kind of people with low impulse controls and will go all out on every commercialize holiday. If they aren't spending, they aren't happy. If they aren't happy, what's the point of anything.

I don't get it but that's how some of their logic work.
Hang out with friends. Then focus on improving yourself.
It doesn't look like GCU stacks with this offer. I'm not seeing any additional discount.
I got into a good MS statistics program against all odds. I graduated my undergrad with a bit over a 3, and didn't do anything to stand out.

However, I did work for quite a few years before going back to school so at that point, I just got solid recommendation from my boss and colleagues.

GRE doesn't matter, in fact, most schools are willing to waive it if asked.

PhD on the other hand, you will need to find a way to stand out. I've heard stories from professors/students with PhD how easily you can get kicked out if they don't think you have the potential for it. 
I'm far more financial savvy than most of my peers and people I know. I'm better off than a lot of the people I know who are making more money than me. A lot of the guides on r/personalfinance is practically common sense to me where I knew most of the suggestions before I even read it. 

Not chasing wealth is why I'm not making 6 figures, but that has little to do with how well I can manage money. 

Making more money doesn't automatically make someone financially savvy, in fact, a lot of time people who end up making more money experience lifestyle inflation and end up worse off because they were never financially savvy to begin with. 
People who only knew you by a name would show up.
Learn how to form a proper argument. You gave zero proof on your entire argument, all based on assumptions. 
That's private info. It's only an assumption on your part and there is no proof to back up your statement. Therefore, your argument is invalid. 
>You can only say that because you have regular access to a sexual partner or partners.

Um, what? You're making a shit ton of assumptions there. Please tell me more about where I can find out my entire sex history so I can verify the validity of the source.


There is no one experience that is super life altering. There are experiences that bring certain elements to light but for any real changes to be made, that's a conscious effort.

For example, dating. I use to really passive about it and struggle to put myself out there as well as figure out what I want from a relationship. I've read up on many advice, gotten many advice from people who are damn good at the dating scene, and so on but until you put those advice into practice it's just words.

So after my last serious relationship, feeling I've lost a year of my life on a terrible relationship, me reverting to bad old habits/loops, seeing part of my life crumble away and so forth. Upon reflection, I lucked out that my intuition was right and she broke it off with me. Had I've been wrong, I may have end up being stuck in a bad relationship for life. 

It was then I started to internalize on advice given to me and I got more serious about making changes in my life.

I'm still working on it but dating/talking to new people gets easier with practice. I've also started keeping a small book on positive changes/thinking patterns to help cement certain habits/routines.

I've gotten way better at realizing what clicks and what doesn't. I've become more aware of myself and actively choose to better myself. It's starting to really become clear to me on what it means to work on myself, and how that improves the dating experience in general.

The only downside is realizing how big of an idiot I was, and certain things I've come to regret because it left some permanent damages due to poor lifestyle choices.
> A, because there are far fewer women in the xNTx type, I find women in general less interesting overall.

So this is about you, not an INTP thing.

>Once you do, if she's at all attractive, you are more than likely going to be sexually attracted. Once you do, if she's at all attractive, you are more than likely going to be sexually attracted. If this is the case, then you will desire a relationship.

That's not true. I have friends who are both interesting and attractive. However, I have no desire for a relationship beyond friendship. Why? Because I'm mature enough to realize what works and doesn't work for me in a relationship. I know enough to figure what works as a friendship.

There are plenty of people who are mature enough to have figured this out.

So far, you're projecting. It's not an INTP thing, and more of an immature thing.
Which has to do with what? What does personality disparities have to do in terms of explaining relationships and friendships?
There is only so much you can learn by watching/observing relationships. You may be over 30 but it sounds like you're pretty inexperience when it comes to women and relationships in general.

There isn't a huge difference between a male friendship and female friendship at all. Friendship is what you make of it.
Like other suggest, figure out exactly what's wrong with your car and see if you can fix it yourself. If not, know the issue, and ask for a quote at other shops.

A car at 140k isn't worth too much if you sell it.
What's the mileage on the car?
I laugh at this because from the start I knew Amazon had no intention of keeping their discount program, and it boggled my mind how many people kept recommending others to get Amazon Prime over GCU when the Amazon Prime discount was still new.

Amazon has a long history of matching competitior's preorder discounts/game discounts, in hopes of killing the competition. Once they do, they phase out all the incentives to nothing. 

It worked on Sears/Kmart, and TRU. I'm just glad it didn't work against Best Buy.
I think the other advice here on retirement are good so I'm not going to repeat it.

As for indulging, you can still enjoy them but be mindful on deals and knowing what is a good price. Don't blindly pay close to full price or pay the average advertised price (it's good to find out price trends on product to know if you're not overpaying). Consider the value of an item. Are you getting the best bang for your bucks for that item you want? If not, is there a similar alternative that will give you a better value?

When you buy a car, consider what repair cost will be like and how often you may need to maintain it. Getting a BMW repaired is going to cost you far more than getting a Lexus or Acura repaired.

Some of the best deals on international travels aren't always at convenient times but they are way cheaper than the popular travel times. So if you want to travel more but don't want to stress your budget, be more flexible with your schedule.

I know too many people who pay way more than they should because they're too lazy to take a moment to research and/or way too focus on convenience. They end up paying way more for less because they couldn't bother being more money-wise, and fall into the trap of lifestyle inflation.
It's pretty disappointing it's one of those shitty match game, not actual Mahjong.
Android Auto approach is much better, imo. The idea is that you use your voice to control (much more accurate and functional compare to Siri), not touch control. 

Honestly, if you're driving you shouldn't be going through your text and looking at the screen.

I also get text notification through my driver dash so it would have been redundant to see it on the screen also.

While I agree that the background is terrible, I'm usually on Google Maps anyway so it's not a big deal.
How many hours do you work in a given week?

Also, you should be able to get health insurance coverage from your parent's insurance until age of 26. So find out more about your parent's insurance, and perhaps you can save some money there.

Check your college career office. There may be more options out there that accommodate your school schedule than you realize.

Also, do you need your car? If not, consider either selling it or leaving it home (and stop insuring it).
>HTC 10 users are still using Android 7.0

HTC 10 is on Android 8.0.
As much as I love HTC, my next phone will probably be either a Nokia or Sony. 

I don't like the U designs, and it lacks a headphone port. I know most of the new phones lack them but HTC isn't exactly giving me reasons to pick up their phone over competitors.
I wouldn't hold my breath since I've been having this issue for a while, I'm hoping the next firmware update will somehow fix the issue.
On the Switch, I can't think of one but on PS4, Bloodborne.
I have the same issue, and tried the same solutions. 

The only work around is to upload the video via sharefactory. I get an upload error but the video still showed up on my FB.
It sounds to me like you've got a pretty good ratio between income and expenses. Perhaps look into making some investments if you're worry about retirement.

If I was in your position, I'd save for another year and deal with the beater as long as it's in working condition. In the mean time, you can invest the money or just save up and pay in full.

I dealt with a beater up until the very end literally. My old car broke down to the point where it's not worth repairing at all about a week or two after I got my new car.
Why would you even consider joining if you know it's a scam?

If anything, you should be more focus on getting her out than to cave in and ask for more trouble.

One of my friend fell victim to one of those pyramid scheme. She tried to rope me in, instead, I flipped the table and recruited a friend to get her out. She eventually came to her senses and got out before she was in too deep.
It's like your standard reward program. You get points, and they have a store with many different rewards to redeem.

For Sony, if you don't have enough to pay for the reward, you can pay the difference.

Say you have 300 points, and you want to redeem a $10 PSN card. You can use all your points, and pay the $7 difference.

As for MS, it's similar but I don't recall if you can pay the difference if you don't have enough for say an XBL card.
Both Sony and MS do reward their users for PSN, and XBL purchases. Most people just aren't aware of their reward program.
R* can't even get RDR 1 to work on PC.
>Yeah if you are signed up for that stuff and with the My Sony it's a credit card thing.

What are you talking about?

Sony Reward does not require credit card to get cashback. You can do that just fine without one.

You simply get more cash back with their credit card just like every other retail store with their own credit card.

>There is WAY too much in life to be actually concerned about than gold coins or 1-5% off on something you want to purchase and play anyway is my point.

Sorry if you're not as budget conscientious and lacking a bit of patience. 

OP never said he/she won't buy a game ever, only that if he/she plans to wait a bit longer for the extra cashback, which is only an extra week or two wait. This is the far more financial wise thing to do oppose to impulse buying ignoring benefits.
The 4K version which includes the regular Bluray version.
>It is all extra anyway...Sony and Microsoft aren't offering points for each purchase on their systems are they?

They do actually. Look up Sony Reward, and Microsoft Reward.

Sony only gives 1% back, and 5% if you use their credit card. There are a few alternative ways to earn points.

MS Reward has all sorts of way of earning points.
I don't see how waiting an extra week or two to save a nominal amount of money as stupid.

I think it's more stupid to buy now instead of waiting an extra week or two to save a few dollar.
It depends on how it's handle when released in the West.

The censorship, and lack of physical release are death knell for a niche title.

Edit: typo
If you're 5 hours into Bayonetta (about halfway if you've mainly focus on the story) and it's not doing it for you, I doubt 2 would be worth your time for more of the same.

2 improves on graphics with tighter controls but the game is largely a continuation of 1.

Regardless, just set the game on easy and finish it up for the story if you plan to play 2.
I may get it for the PS4 but unless they can pull off some sorcery to include MGS4, probably not.

But even then, I'm iffy since Dualshock 4 no longer has analog buttons which MGS4 made fun use of it.

So it's not because of the lack of Kojima or Konami but for technical reasons that I may skip on it. I don't need to buy the collection for what maybe the fourth time. 
Borderland 2 for PSVita was hardly what is called a good port. It ran terribly for a long time before they bother to patch it a bit.

Enslaved was a pretty bad port on PC also.
Nah, sources said WB knew months ahead of time that the PC port was bad so IGS definitely had more than weeks to work on it.

The game was delayed for about 6 months where RockSteady worked on optimizing the console versions and IGS was porting the PC version.

So IGS definitely had some time to work on the game. 
If you're interested in someone, just ask them out. INTP male usually have no issues with that.

As cliche as the saying "Beauty is in the eye of the beholder", it's true. What some might find unattractive, others may. 
That whole rumor is ridiculous consider the development on the game started 4 years ago which puts it around the time when the WiiU was still within its first year.
http://www.eurogamer.net/articles/digitalfoundry-2015-batman-arkham-knight-on-ps4-is-a-technical-tour-de-force

I think your memory is faulty. Arkham Knight was highly praised on the consoles for performance at launch.

IGS screwed up the port.
Yup, the same developers.
These people couldn't even port Arkham Knight onto PC properly. That game ran smooth on Xbox One and PS4.
>but does anyone know if these guys can actually walk the talk?

By their track record, no. These are the same people who gave us the terrible PC port of Arkham Knight.
>For some reason responding from a computer via chat is different.

I feel the same way. It's why I love web whatsapp. These days, it's actually the fastest way to reach me.
They are automatically claimed when you redeem the code.
I've always hated lengthy messages from SO. Because generally, they're either not something I can answer in a short text or it's so full of fluff that I get tired of deciphering the message.

If it's something the other person expects a long response, then I expect to do it over a call. 

But yeah, I easily get fed up with lengthy text especially when it has too many feelings/thoughts all in one go. If some continue to insist on doing so then more often than not, I'm only going to address one or two points and dismiss the rest. 
In that case, you just need a My Nintendo account which you probably already have.

From there, you just need to insert the cart, press + and you'll see the option to claim the coins to your My Nintendo account. 
You don't get coins for the console, only games. Nintendo got rid of that along with Club Nintendo.
You need to claim by the original release date. To redeem the coins, you have one year (and to the end of the month) from when you claimed it.
The discount system isn't live yet. You don't have to worry about spending your coins until the end of March.
No, it will likely not be compatible with the NA version.
>I have found myself wanting things just because they might be collectible later.

Pretty much how hording starts.

>Has anyone else found themselves buying more collectibles with the Switch than they normally do?

Nope, I've learned my lesson with PSVita. That system had a ton of rare collectibles and some of the collectibles are worth a pretty penny. But overall, it wasn't really worth it since most collectible are only valuable when it's unopened.

On top of that, items in any CE/LE rarely holds value. What does make a CE/LE valuable is that the physical cart/disc itself is only obtainable via the CE/LE.

If the game is easily obtainable on multiple system, it also makes the item less valuable.

Example: Fire Emblem if Special Edition (only way to get the third route in physical form)
I hope it's true so I have time to play the game.
No points/coins for buying consoles, only games.
In my experience, maturity is something most people have to figure out for themselves.

Most people I've dealt with who are immature (outside of children/teen) are generally very stubborn or have a very narrow mindset. Trying to pry that open is often met with resistance than acceptance (probably why they haven't matured much). Even if it is accepted, ideas/suggestions aren't internalized until they have the self-awareness to see how it fits into their life.

So short of something that will kill them or them seriously hurting others, I say leave them be because the more they get bailed out of their shortcoming, the more they fail to see it.
Detroit. I've been waiting for that game since the Kara tech demo.
>Downloaded the demo today and tried it out, turns out the game isn't for me, it's far too easy, slow paced and wasn't very engaging. I cancelled my preorder.

That's actually why a lot of companies don't release demos anymore. They tend to dissuade purchases oppose to increase sales in most case.
If it's a used game, only if the previous owner never claimed it.
12 coins, so 12 cents. But hey every cent counts when it comes to saving.
Digital trade ins, and license transfers can exist independently without tying physical media in the mix.

MS likely axed that in spite.

>they even had solutions for license check ins

What was their solutions because I certainly didn't come across those info.

>People used that complaint at the time and its incredibly overblown and statistically insignificant.

Do you have any proof that it's statistically insignificant? Because if it's insignificant, the whole used market would be in shamble. 
Finally! Been waiting for a release date on this game for such a long time.
Your Switch would also need to constantly be connected to the internet in order for the DRM/account tied to work.

What's stopping you from redeeming a digital copy, go offline, and then giving the copy to a friend who will now use the game offline?

The only way to stop that is if everyone needs to stay connected to the internet and have either frequent check in, or internet required every time you start a game (What some mobile games do to "stop" piracy).
It's only a good idea if everyone's console is connected to the internet all the time.

Reality is that not everyone wants to nor can be connected to the internet frequently enough to meet these authentication checks.

If I wanted to deal with DRM and deal with a huge hurdle to trade in/sell/lend games, I'd just stick to my PC.
If they did, I have not come across any written information regarding that change from Nintendo.

As of now, all their terms/rules still shows the one year from original release date.
NOE gives their consumers two years to **claim** the coin. I'm not sure if you guys get one or two years to redeem them though.


The way I see it is that the Snipperclip physical release is a separate release since it's technically Snipperclip Plus.

But I agree, the verbiage isn't clear.
You're confusing redeeming with claiming. That news article is talking about redeeming.
You can control home automation with Google Assistant now. You have the option between Google Maps or Waze.

There has been small changes to the UI a few times so it looks better.
I was kinda disappointed when I realize that they didn't have a replay feature since I wanted to see why a few people fail to find my balloon at Bowser's Castle. 

I didn't even make it hard to find, no fancy tricks to get to the balloon. It's just sitting there behind one of the cannon shooter.
They will revoke the license especially in the US. It has happen a few times where the demo unlocked the full game. 

Amplitude was the same case.
It's going to be 1080p docked. The developers are currently trying to optimize it to run at the same fps as the other versions.

Not sure why this post is here since it's duplicate news and has been posted here last week.
I know exactly how you feel and have the same issue. Some days, my focus is just there, everything connects easily, and ideas just flows. Other days, it's like I'm struggling to remember basic statistical concepts.

I haven't figured out how to be more in that focus zone but I've notice that being productive more frequently helps. Procrastination always seem to make it harder to focus.
No one knows. All that is stated is Early March so it could be the 1st or into almost mid March.

Either way, I'm holding out unless there is a big sale that is greater than what I'd get back in coins.
HTC 10 has a pretty good DAC. I'm not an audiophile but that doesn't mean it's my own DAC+amp or bust.

Just like the camera on a smartphone, I don't need DSLR quality but it doesn't mean I don't want a decent camera there.

I want a 3.5mm for convenience just like how I want a decent camera on my smartphone for convenience.

I don't want to worry or think about if my headphones are charged since I don't use my headphones often. It's more sporadic such as I'm in a mid of an episode and I need to leave the house quick or if I'm in a quiet setting but suddenly it got noisy and need my headphones to help tune out the noise.

I don't want to carry around a dongle because I've got enough wires and accessories in my bag (the same reason why I wouldn't want to carry a charger for a headphone). It also makes it likely that I would lose it or leave it in one bag/location and not have it on me when I need it.

Like a smartphone camera, it's more about convenience than it is about having top notch quality.

Edit: Also using 3.5mm has minimal impact on the battery whereas bluetooth takes a bigger toll.
Yup, that's what I did.
The article states SD835.
That's only for digital which has no expiration. It's 1% for physical which must be claim within a year.
It's not as if you're missing out on $10, you miss out on $0.60 for a $60 title. Also, if the coins are that big of a deal then it certainly give incentive for consumers to buy it during year one oppose to waiting. Inflation on the dollar per year beats out for what Nintendo gives you back in coins. 

Chances are most people buying physical copies aren't even aware of the program or care enough about 60 cents for digital. 

So the amount of people who will be piss will be a small fraction. 
I meant more in general, and it also make sense to have an expiration date especially now that you can use points to pay. It wouldn't look too good on their books if they have to accrude for an indefinite time. 
If NoA sticks to their policy, that is correct. 
It's not all that weird. Instead of a paper insert with a code, the code is digital on the cartridge.

Like paper insert, there is an expiration date. NoA is only giving one year for the expiration date to claim the code. 
I don't think there is any particular game at the moment that will win him over.

Multiplat titles won't work because he's likely going to want it for the PS4 for better online and better graphics/performance. 

The current exclusives isn't the kind of games to win over someone who generally prefer games like 2K or madden. 
They've been doing this for a while now, I think for about two years. 
$60
For many reasons:

1) There is no competition. You want a game digital on the Switch, it all goes through eShop. PC is different since you have so many digital stores competing with each other. 

You don't like the price on Steam? You can check Humble Bundle, Amazon, Twitch, GS, Origin, GOG, etc.

2) Digital has an infinite supply so there is no pressure to lower the price. Retailers has to deal with inventory space and every space has a cost. So as far as a retailer is concern in terms of accounting, they are losing money the longer they have to hold the inventory.

3) The price of shipping and packaging will vary depending on the game. As with anything, cost goes down with increase in volume. Based on statements from BB and GS, and companies that move out of the video game business, the profit margin for physical copies are razor thin. So going digital isn't going to suddenly be $10-$20 different for most game. Maybe like $5.

Retailers also serve as a point of marketing. When consumers walk into the store, the AAA games will usually be displayed and constantly bring their games to consumer attention. I can't remember the name of this marketing strategy/tactics but it's not something digital store does well in. 
Yes, it will have both English and Japanese. 
It's a JRPG, gameplay is similar to Tales of.
Wit, open minded, philosophical, intelligent, and kind.
In case people are wondering, that's the PS4 version being shown there.
Splatoon is P2P matching up to people within your region (Ex: US East Coast).

I don't know what Doom uses but it could be a case of playing against people not within the same region.
I love the Bayonetta Climax Mix for "Fly Me to the Moon", it definitely blew me away when I first played the game years ago. 

I just wish it was available on Spotify.
Right? Do people not know the difference between visual cue and an indicator? 

Health bar is an indicator, status aliment is an indicator, heart beat is an indicator.

Limping and parts falling off are visual cues.

The author made zero reference nor mention indicators, just purely about visual cues.
Graphically, it looks like somewhere between 360 and PS4.
The author was referring to the limping.

Heartbeat would be a health indicator.
I wonder if the author realizes that you can tell the monster's health condition by the heartbeat near the map. The weaker the heartbeat, the closer to death.
Mod has to do it. The most you can do is report it.
Doubtful, more likely some crossover for another game (hoping MHW) like they did for Gravity Rush 2.
> the less economically inclined like myself.

RAC prey on people who make poor financial decisions, which is usually what either puts them or keeps them in less economically inclined.

At the rate they charge per week for the Switch, you're paying over 5x the MSRP by the end of it.

Where as if you save $30 per week, for 10 weeks, you can have a Switch.

So unless you plan to play the Switch for a week and never again until you have stable finance, you're better off saving your money for 10 weeks if you **must** have the Switch.

RAC is one of those businesses that keeps the less economically inclined staying in that economic status.
It doesn't sound like JRPG are for you overall. Dialogues and plot are a huge part of most JRPG.
Doubtful, SAO games are practically annual releases so if anything, the next SAO game but not Fatal Bullet.
Don't Starve. It's a great co-op game and would be much easier to get others to play it on the Switch.
Did Konami not get the memo that Love is a battlefield? 
Time to ditch that belt from my pants, new phone is .0000000001 lbs lighter now!
They do allow it in EU where it's required by law. Where in this case, Nintendo doesn't allow it in their EU store hence the issue.
That's because US laws on digital good is terrible where as EU has more stricter and consumer friendly laws.
It make sense if it's physical from both securing preorder bonuses (such as steelcase), and to get price guarantee. 

I've preorder plenty of physical games that I'm on the fence about only to cancel after I decide to not purchase it.
Maybe the older ones which I never played but it's definitely far more similar to the newer ones.
>Setsuna and Lost Sphear are very boring imo

I agree, it lacks personality and just feels more like an imitation.

I couldn't tell you if the series is good or not since the last Shining game we got in the west was a long time ago and the series has evolved quite a bit since then.

It's nothing like the ones from the ones we have in the west.
I couldn't tell you since I haven't played this game yet. I can only say it did pretty well in Japan when it came out on the PS3.
>but was hoping for another turn based game.

Which is why I've asked since JRPG is way too broad of a genre to pinpoint anyone's taste when they say JRPG. Most of the time, it often just means popular/mainstream japanese titles.

KH is more action, Valkyria Chronicles is somewhere between action and tactical, Disagea is purely tactical, then there are turned based dungeon crawlers like SMT/Persona, then there are action based dungeon crawlers like most Vanillaware titles. Or the sidescrolling/platform/action based JRPG Valkyrie Profile.

The list goes on.
The series evolved away from the tactical RPG, it now plays more like Tales of.
What do you define as a good JRPG series?

This game plays more like the Tales of games.
It's officially announced to come out this Summer by PS Blog. So yeah, I'd say it's getting released here.
No, I just bought PSN codes a few days ago with points. 
After the real Kaz is stepping down announcement, I think it's poetic to stick to his original retirement.
Ahead of PS3/360 version, behind the PS4/Xbox One version.
\-
>If I become close with my father then my mother begins to feel left out and lashes out at everyone in our family. She's cold and can be cruel... which is why I don't want to be friendlier with him.

The very fact that there is this manipulative hold over the family isn't semi-dysfunctional. That's pretty damn dysfunctional.

So instead of maybe one or two people being healthier, the entire family chooses to remain unhealthy and sit in misery together at a stand-still.

From all that you've describe, the only one in the family that tried to do something to make things better was your father.
I have found it. It's only available in the Japan region via PS3. It's from the series "Kaku-San-Sei Million Arthur".

https://store.playstation.com/ja-jp/product/JP0082-PCSG00182_00-AVATAR1311MA0009
Arms isn't a locked 1080p/60fps, it drops to 900p.

Xenoverse runs at 900p, not 1080p.

DBZF runs on UE4 whereas Guilty Gear still runs on UE3.

The GG director may not want to compromise 1080p/60 fps going forward, or it could be for other technical reason. However, as it stands, no Switch fighting game runs at a **locked** 1080p/60fps.

Would you happen to know the region of the player?
Gal Gun Double Peace is a good rail shooter. If you have a PSVR, they have a few rail shooters there, the more notable one is Until Dawn: Rush of Blood.

Ratchet and Clack is a good 3D platformer

Good 4 Player couch games are mainly indie games such as Overcook.

Look up PlayLink which is a line up of titles focusing more on couch co-op games.
This article is a repost but to reiterate my comment on that post, GG runs on UE3.

Also, GG is using all 3D models not 2D. No fighting game on the Switch has locked down 1080p/60fps which is probably what they are aiming for with this series.

The PS3 version isn't good at all, it runs on 720p, missing details, and isn't too smooth either.


Publishers wouldn't be on board, neither would Sony. Publishers want the second hand market gone, and why they prefer people go digital since you no longer own the game just renting a license. 
You should try and recover your email password. You never know when you'll need it.
It's still an exception, which I think they are more okay if you're an established customers with a good history.

But their policy still leans on no, and since the OP appears to be new, the chances of a cancellation is low without a ban.
Yeah, those are exceptions but I assume since the OP is asking that exception wouldn't be given.

>Cancellations are generally not accepted. Please only place orders for items that you are sure of purchasing. In case a cancellation is absolutely required, please contact us.

Their policy is generally no.
Since someone else already provided you with the link, just a few more additional things to keep in mind when preordering figures from Japan.

You can preorder and they will not charge, shipping cost is generally unknown until it's ready to ship.

Make sure you use a current email since they will email you for payment when the product is ready to ship.

Cancelation is not allowed, doing so will likely result in a ban, and I'm not talking about just a temp ban or simple ban of the account. I'm talking about a full ban from address to CC.

So before you preorder, set money aside that you will never touch and commit to it. 
In part, I think so since I remember Tharja being more expensive than your average 1/7 GSC figure but that was ~$130. But the Pyre price is way high even compared to another Nintendo GSC figure of the same scale. 
I don't think it is a Nintendo thing since the Tharja figure (also 1/7) had the discount and cost about $130, and had the discount. While more expensive, it's nowhere as crazy as Pyre.

If it is a Nintendo thing, it's a very recent thing. 
You've got at least a year to figure that explanation out. The preorder probably won't go up for a while, once you preorder, the release date is usually a year away (you don't get charged for preordering but cancelation is frowned upon and usually result in a ban for most of these figure import sites). 
That's not factoring in shipping which I suspect will be more than your average figure due to size from the sword.
I've been doing that but it doesn't help all that much, just a little.
I recall seeing a post like this before on this subreddit, so either there is some crazy level of coincidences or the game's time isn't as accurate as it leads people to believe.
It's not you. I think it was the same with the PS3 version but it's been so long since I've played it. The blur effect doesn't help.

It looks kinda like a blurry mess on my TV too.
Pyra is still available for full price (oddly, there is no 15% discount for preorder on this figure) on AmiAmi.

Mythra isn't available and you probably won't see her go up until maybe 3-4 months down the line.
>as a guy who is broke as hell

No, you're broke as hell. There are other things you should focus on since the cost will easily add up.

If there are only two games you want to try out, then it's even more wasteful to do so.

Wait until there are about 10 games you definitely want to play since you're broke.
In case people are wondering what the prices will be (based on the price for Pyra), it's most likely going to be 19,700 yen or roughly $185 USD.

It is about nearly double the price of your average 1/7 GSC figure.
Is there an international edition for your books? The exception is if your class requires that online access code for homework.

I'm so glad I finished undergrad before most universities started doing this. Fortunately, grad school don't care. 
I say it's more of the latter. It's a fun game but the biggest charms are the story and characters. After that, it's just checking off achievements and trying to complete everything.
Bayonetta 1 takes about 10 hours. I took my time with the first one and finished in about 12 hours.

The second one is about the same.
I can't comment about how the game is now since I got more annoyed with the game and gave up playing it after about 3 months.

The intro video every time you turn on the game is annoying. The lack of voice chat makes it frustrating to coordinate especially when playing league (rank). To play with friends, you need a full team of friends so no 3 friends and a random.

Matchmaking isn't all that great.

The mode/map switching can be annoying if you favor one mode over another but don't necessary have the time to play it.

The other thing that annoyed me is the low tick rate. It's kinda annoying to see yourself splatting an enemy but then it shows up that they splat you.

I think they fix the lobby weapon switch but when I was playing, you had to quit the match to make changes.

I don't know what your general expectation is but my opinion of the game is more of so close yet so far. So many little things they could do better but it's just not there.
Zero. NOA didn't do it for the WiiU and it looks like they don't care to do it for the Switch.
If things work, yeah. If anything my biggest fear is that I'm holding them back and not satisfying their needs because I can't keep up.

I know all too well how it feels when trying to have a deep or intelligent conversation but my partner would either be not interested or unable to keep up.

So if anything, I prefer similar levels so both party's need are being fulfilled.
Double Peace wasn't censored. PQube and Rice Digital made sure of that.

PQube has been pretty adamant about not censoring things. They even kept the joke $100 DLC.
HR3.
Yes, it can only benefit but not hurt. Even if early adopters don't care for it, there are gamers who do.

It can also sway some decisions when it comes to third party multiplatform titles. Achievements can be seen as a feature. 

For those who don't care about achievement, it really should not affect them since it doesn't make the experience less. 

It's not as if Nintendo hasn't put in game achievements like in Arms and SMO, they're there but just not easy to share. So why not do it at a system level and make it easy to share?

I personally don't care too much about achievements/trophies but I find it helpful to know my game progress without the need to load up the game. It's far less arbitrary than a percentage. 

It also helps spark conversations when others see what games I've played or completed.

So as I've said, it can only help not hurt. 
It's 3D models not 2D. Also, the PS3 version runs at 720p, not a stable at 60fps, and not as detailed as the PS4 version. 

Needless to say, the PS3 version is not very popular due to those reasons.

Keep in mind that Guilty Gear also runs on UE3.

So if their goal is 1080p/60fps, then based on the current games out on the Switch, then it's not so far off to believe Switch cannot handle GG.
Nudity will have landed them an AO rating. None of the console makers are cool with AO ratings.
The other game got M, so probably M.
Legend of Korra, and TMNT was the B team. Transformers Devastation was the only good one out of the B team.

Even under Nintendo, they can still end up with a flop like Star Fox Zero.

Or one with mixed reception and sold poorly - Wonderful 101.

If the rumors were true, Scalebound failed because MS had something else in mind that wasn't feasible or just didn't work well. Platinum wasn't given the free rein to make it how they like. It was MS that nearly brought PlatinumGames to ruin since they also tarnish their reputation.

During their time developing Scalebound was when they put their B time to put out those Activision titles.

A lot of their woe was tied to Scalebound and MS.

The time between the Scalebound cancellation and working on Nier was brief and damages were quickly cut off as soon as Yoko Toro chose Platinum.
You can call Nintendo but they are not obligated to give you a refund. Sales are final.

It's why you shouldn't preorder digital beyond a day or two (if a preorder bonus is offered) before release since there is literally zero benefits, and has only cons.
They already have job security, sell well, and fully appreciated. If they didn't have it before, Nier Automata definitely made sure they did.

I rather they remain independent otherwise we would have never gotten Nier Automata, Metal Gear Rising, the original Bayonetta, Transformer Devestation, and Vanquish.

They were able to make those is due to the fact that they are independent.
It's definitely a fun rail shooter, I have the previous game on both PS4 and PSVita.
Yes, it will be published by PQubes. And like any games published by them, it will be exclusive to Amazon (VGP exclusive for Canada) so don't expect to find this game in stores.
1-2 Switch.

Mario Kart
Accept it. It's not always about what you look like but rather how you present it.

All the surgery and make up won't hide the fact you feel ugly because the issues goes deeper than shallowness. It won't fix your insecurity and it certain won't change your perspective in life (unless you realize that the plastic surgery did nothing to fix the core issues).
I've played the other gal gun game in public before, it's no biggie. 
Insert the cartridge, then go to the game icon, press +, and you should see the option to claim the coin. 
It's decent but there is a few micro transactions, two of them IIRC. 
I never played Diva X but Future Tone is more of an arcade port. So no story mode.

It's been a while since I've touched the game so I don't recall what other modes exist but it definitely did not have story. 
I've always own both PlayStation systems and Nintendo Systems.

The Switch definitely did not replace my Vita but I've mostly stopped using my Vita about a year before the Switch was release.

I think the biggest realization was when I bought Digimon Cyber Sleuth for both system and found myself mainly playing on the PS4. It didn't help that I really enjoy taking 4K screenshots on my PS4.

The Switch will be mainly for exclusives. I haven't quite decided if I want to get VN on the Switch if it's available for PS4 also. Like I said, I enjoy taking those 4K screenshots and the Switch screenshots are about on par with PSVita so it's not very impressive.

The one aspect that the Switch took over from the PSVita is the indie games but aside from that there hasn't been too many japanese third party games pulled away yet. There are still VN coming to PSVita such as Muv Luv Trilogy coming out this summer.
Yes, on PS3 and 360. Also on iOS and Android. They haven't made any new one after the smartphone version.
I'm the kind that is generally between cheerful, super quiet and sleepy, or a bit more blunt than usual but never been angry or wild. Even people close to me have a hard time telling if I'm drunk or not.  

It confuses me how some people can lose like almost all self control when drinking. 
That's Amazon for almost any release for years. 

The only reason why more people are realizing Amazon has issues with shipping when it comes to game is because more people are now preordering for the discount.
It's such a nice convenience. 

I love my Nvidia Shield TV for having even a headphone jack in the Remote. That remote is so small and light so it's not a hassle to walk around while still being able to listen without distributing everyone.

I also use the headphone jack on my PS4 controller if I don't wish to distribute anyone.

Even fightsticks these days have a headphone jack.

In all situation, I just use my regular earphones.

The Switch is the exception where the only way I can use my earphones is either use it in handheld mode or buy some adapter. Neither option is appealing. 
It's okay, that's what my friends and I did but it's not convenient at all unless we all plan a specific time to play it. It also requires everyone to be on Discord or on their phone to be notified.

Whereas on the PS4, I could be playing Yakuza 0 not looking at my phone at all, and if my friends see me on then they can easily shoot me a PSN message or send an invite for Monster Hunter World. 

A notification will pop up on the corner and I can easily join from there.

Where as on the Switch, I could be playing SMO and never know if my friends want to play Splatoon if I don't check my phone.
I would love that because that's basically what MAG was like (up to 256 players, 8 players in a squad- 4 squad in a platoon - 4 platoons in a company). 

It was such a good game and totally underrated.
It would be, I remember it was a blast playing Battlefield 2142 and MAG where both game assign someone as a commander/leader.

You can relay commands to your team for them to follow, and you can pull in tactical support for your team.

It would be cool to have a Fire Emblem game where someone takes on the General position and relay tactical commands.
Thanks, the cards are beautiful!
Hmm, the link doesn't seem to work.

I wish they've released the CE for the US. I can't justify spending so much just for the cards.
Sure but the gathering hub definitely makes it more MMO without the game being MMO.

From there, you can easily gather up with buddies and go on quests/expeditions together.
Set boundary and enforce them.

Like if you need to go, and she's giving you the puppy eyes to make you stay longer, just go. If you keep giving into the puppy eyes, it becomes an expectation to always give into the puppy eyes.
IMO, Injustice 2. SFV is far more technical.
The Switch needs to have a good party chat/message/invite solution if they really want online multiplayer games to strive.

One of the reason why I stop caring about Splatoon 2 was how much of a hassle it was to coordinate and chat, or even play matches with friends.

I enjoyed the Kid Icarus MP on the 3DS, I wouldn't mind an updated version on the Switch.
MGS unlikely.

MGS4, never. That game was built for the PS3 with the Cell in mind making it difficult to port to anything even PC.
You definitely have more characters to play with on the base game for Injustice 2.

There are 28 characters in the base, and 13 as DLC.
If the KS said one million, how likely do you think it would succeed?

Keep in mind, KS for games aren't as big nor popular today than it was about 5 years ago when it was filled with hopes and dreams. 

The early game KS gave false impressions of what it really cost to make games since many of the developers understated their budget (probably most of them have zero experience in financial budgeting at a business level) or intentionally ask for less to make the KS a success.

Even Swery (Deadly Premonition) failed to crowdfund his game last year because he asked for $1.5 million, a far more realistic budget.

Most people are now more cynical about video game KS thanks to MN9, and a few other failed high profile KS.
Not unplayable but it's a serious grind for the 12 characters. 

You're better off with AE if you just want to play a few matches once in a while.

It might be cheaper for you to buy the individual season pass+base game?
If you can, get the Arcade Edition since it includes Season Pass 1 and 2.

The Standard Edition gets the AE update but you will have to grind out Fight Money to unlock the Season 1 and 2 characters/costumes.
Psyonix has the money to port since RL is a big hit (sold over 5 million within 11 months of initial release). They've used Panic Button (who also ported Doom) to help with that. Even then, Panic Button had to create a whole interface/engine (can't remember the term) to port RL to the Switch.

Whereas Gears for Breakfast are operating on a shoestring budget (~$250k), with a few more free DLC promised since the kickstarter back in 2013. While they turned a profit, it's not enough to run around to be able to pay for help to port the game, patches, and DLCs.
I was thinking the same. From what I can tell by the pic, the answer is no. There is enough for the major arcana but not enough for the minor. It doesn't look like there is enough for 54 to do the playing card equivalent.
Thanks, that's pretty cool. How many cards are in that deck? 
Got any pics of the cards? 
It should since it applies to when it is claimed not when the game was released. 
It was a pretty bad idea and didn't work when School Days tried it. There hasn't been another video VN since then. 

At some point, it's just watching an anime with subtitles and the ability to pick a route. 
Just a minor correction, 300 coins for a $60 game purchase.
You still have time for Mario Kart 8 Deluxe since that came out on April 28.

You will get more coins when the reward program goes live. Nintendo has not given a date other than early March.
Nope, none that I'm aware of. 
Which is a very important factor in difficulty since combat makes up most of the game. 
No where remotely close to difficulty as Ninja Gaiden. Bayonetta 2 is even easier than the first.
Not anymore. I use to but after doing some clean up, I found myself with a huge pile of games that I've never finished and a bunch of games I never really cared for. Some still sealed.

So now, I'm trying to be more selective in what I buy even if I see a damn good deal.
I'm in a similar situation, very close to 30.

Though losing a family member shortly after a break-up, and having nieces that I see nearly everyday puts a lot of things in perspective.

>Will something instinctual trigger in me if I were to become a parent, and I would prioritize their lives over mine?

You might. I find myself giving priorities to my nieces more because I know my actions will shape a part of them. As so, I do my best to be a good influence.

I've always knew deep down traditional relationships is not for me, and will never be. The term "partner in crime" never really made sense until more recently. I often feel that the kind of relationship that would work for me is egalitarian. My past relationships, I was expected to be more alpha and take charge which I find often putting me in a stressed position. Now, I'm looking for someone who is more of an equal and views me as such too. Someone that will be a partner to navigate through life together.

I do think marriage can work but finding that right person to spend the rest of my life with is where the difficulty lies. 
Perhaps, a home cooked meal. Or anything like a nice evening.

I also don't like Valentine's Day or social conventions, feels more like an obligation than anything.

My general rule for anyone who wants to do something for me or give me something is I rather have something home-made/low-key than something flashy/store bought.
>Amazon's discount is typically only for pre-orders and a week or two after launch.

Amazon got rid of that. It's preorder only.
It's 3 copies for each title per console.
GCU. If you buy 4 new games that are priced at $60, you've already more than made up your subscription cost.

You can use the 20% discount on sale titles (exception is Black Friday). You can use it on Toys to Life figures.

It works on CE/LE.
You can wait until March 3 and hope the change is made.

I'm waiting until March 2nd to claim my coins for 1-2 Switch.

The only info Nintendo gave is early March so that can be anywhere between March 1 up to March 15.
I've always found NOA much more stingy compare to the other branches.

NOA skimps out on LE/CE far more than NOE. 

My experience with expiration date regarding codes is that NOA heavily enforces them (when gold coins use to be a code, and codes for digital game) whereas many other companies operating in the US are far more lenient about code expiration dates (Bonus DLC, digital movies where some I've been able to claim 4 years after expiration date).
I hit HR11 after about 30ish hours.
Mistakes happen, it's why I've made the PSA is because I figure people would be confuse with the redeeming expiration date vs claiming expiration date, or simply were unaware that there is a time limit to claim them.

I try to help so people don't miss out on coins but knee jerk responses seem to be trying to downvote the PSA to oblivion.

 \_()_/
No, the only time you should turn it off is if you plan to not use your Switch for a long extended time, like maybe for two weeks+.
Yeah, I'm aware of that hence why I put [NA] in the title since it doesn't apply to EU.

But I'll add it in the post.
Android - widgets, Android Auto (it's much better than Carplay), app drawer, back button, micro sd, standardize port, and easy backup/transfers onto PC.

I don't need to use some shit program to manage my files. If I want to copy/paste a file/movie/music/photo or whatever, I just do what I always do. No need for sync.

Most Android phones have notification LED lights. I like seeing a little blinking subtle light to know if messages come through without turning on the screen.


It's hard to track purchase date without making it a whole rebate like process or unique store activation codes. It's much easier to add an expiration date (like how most companies do it for bonus DLC/digital movies).
Coins are automatically claimed when you buy digitally. The claim expiration date only applies to physical copies.
If Nintendo is strict about expiration date, then yes. In my past experience, they are not lenient about expiration date compare to other gaming companies. (It's how I lost DK Tropical Freeze that I redeemed from Club Nintendo).
They didn't state when in March, other than early March.

>Beginning in early March 2018, youll be able to redeem My Nintendo Gold Points for eligible digital Nintendo Switch game and DLC purchases in the Nintendo eShop and on www.nintendo.com (where available).

So it could happen after March 3. If people wish to wait until March 3 to see if the changes are made, that's fine. But the deadline for claiming the coins for launch titles is March 3.
>Gold Points for physical games must be claimed within one year of the games original release date.

Right on the Nintendo support page that I've linked.
It's not misleading. You're confusing claiming the gold coin with redeeming the gold coin.

It's on the support page, you have until original release date to claim the coin.
No, that's to redeem the gold coin once you've claimed them.

You have until the original release date to claim the gold coins onto your account, and after that, you have a year to redeem them (this is the one that goes onto the end of the month).
Depends on the reasons for why I blocked them in the first place. It must be something truly out of hand since I see blocking as a nuclear option.

Now, supposing that the reason is more trivial, then it depends on how much time has pass. Generally enough to be sorta a stranger.

It's easy for people to fall back into old habits especially when it's with someone familiar.

Also, it depends on the person and if I feel like it's worth opening up that door again. Time is finite, and I rather spend it with people that adds to my life not take away. Even if someone did change (and I do believe people can), it doesn't mean I would want to take that risk again. It doesn't mean I want to give a second chance.
XDA is a good place to start though which no one there has received the OTA, and no one on reddit with a US unlocked has received the OTA.

Judging by the twitter responses on popular HTC accounts, no one in the US has claimed to received it.
>I just feel impatient for finding a relationship I guess

That's pressure on yourself.
It's not, just the RUU. The website updated with the RUU but no one with the US unlocked has received the OTA
Sorry, then I've misinterpret when you mention the three rules and thought you were referring to the truthful and upfront part, and confused it with her distance responses taken as not truthful.

In any case, good luck to you. 
You're still young. Don't put so much pressure on being in a relationship.

Just get to know people, and if you feel like someone might have a connection with you then ask them out.
How old are you?

I can relate to your sentiment but be careful with this. Since you've never been in a relationship, you may be just idolizing the idea of a relationship and not so much being ready for a relationship.

In any case, relationship is also one of those things you need to be in to get better.
>My first reaction was to yell oh shit but after that I was like lol okay guess I'm not getting that tattoo today.

What? That's quite a leap there.
You're in for a long wait. The earliest you'll see some Zelda Switch is when the next LoZ comes out on the Switch. Even then, no guarantee Nintendo would make a special version for Zelda.

Get one now if there are enough games. You can always trade in and buy the special edition if it gets announced.
Frequently, same goes for PR messages.
Or the off center notch design, HTC U Ultra which came out over a year ago.
Monster Hunter World. Now, you kill monsters for the thrill and loots.

or Okami if you haven't played that.
I was in a similar situation with some of the elements that are either in reverse order or opposite, Chinese INTP M (also Taurus). Lost a family member in a tragic accident shortly after breaking up. She was Puerto Rican (with a bit of Chinese) and my family had already met her.

I can't say whether you will win her back or not because I'm not her. However, first, I think the apology letter is too much.

My ex tried to reach out to me after the lost, and she had made attempts to talk to me regarding the relationship. Emotional appeal and apology, and such were a major turn off.

It got a little crazier from there, her family seeing how devastated she was over the break up that they got a family friend to try and reach out to me to make things good.

Needless to say, at that point, I wanted nothing to do with her anymore.

She apologized and try to appeal emotionally but I found that more off-putting than "winning" me back.

I've also written a lengthy apology letter to my first ex, that didn't end well. So being on both ends regarding apology, my advice - keep it simple and if avoidable, avoid it.

Next, when I need space, I need a lot of space. If I need company, I generally will seek it. (Just imagine INTP being like cats) The more you try to show it affections and attention especially when it's not asked for, the more it wants to ignore and get away.

Give her space, give her time to process everything.

You claim she wasn't being honest, I argue she was. She did so to the best of her ability. I don't know about other INTP but I know I need alone time and space to process my own feelings. When there is too much going on, it's hard to understand and process all the emotions. So what ends up happening is me expressing only surface level emotions and becoming more and more out of touch with the more inner ones.

The most you can do is give her what she needs, not what you think would create the biggest opening for rekindling the relationship. This will go a longer way for you as a person, and for the relationship.
I use them solely for Asia English releases, never had an issue. If it's for games from Japan, you're better off with Amazon Japan. 
How in the world did a carrier update beat the unlocked?

I don't know what the hold up is for HTC US but almost every other country got it.
I'm at 35 hours, and I've just opened up High Rank. No where close to finishing the story mode.
It means the wish doesn't amount to shit. The wish is worthless.
Why wouldn't it be okay? Games aren't just for kids.

Gaming is also a hobby for which most healthy adults have.
It's call standard. The Switch and Nintendo are perfectly capable of having cloud save, and many other features mentioned which have been around for a bit over a decade now.

Features like cloud save and a straight forward voice chat isn't something limited by some bad hardware design, which would open a whole other can of worms if it is. 

Having standards is healthy especially when it's realistic.
It did, watch it again. The Monsters Inc trailer at 3:47. And at 2:07 for the theme song. 
Whelp, if they wait 4 more years it will be relevant again.
I guess a TL;DR to sum up my point is that, it's hard to explain something to someone when they have no point of reference in terms of experience with said genre.

SotC is one of those games that is so different from anything else.

The objective POV isn't truly objective because the game as a whole is abstract since it relies on the experience itself.

SotC is almost self-referential (like a lot of concepts in math), and it's nearly impossible to understand what people are talking about until you play it. 
When you boil any game down to its gameplay loop, of course it's not very appealing. 

Mario games, you run and jump.

Monster Hunter - kill monster, get loot for better weapons/armors, kill bigger monster, repeat.

Tetris - clearing lines for more points

Shooter - you shoot things

Games are about experiences, it's the immersion that really sucks a player in. If you've never experience something, you'll never know what about it will click because all you see is just the surface.

It's like when you first explore a genre or an activity completely foreign to you, you have no experience reference point to base off.

It's like trying to explain adrenaline rush and why some people do extreme activities to someone who has never been excited by anything.

So, I suggest catching the game on sale and giving it a try to see if it's something you'll enjoy but until then, I think it's disingenuous to write it off based on the gameplay loop.
It cannot be understood without experiencing it, and watching doesn't work since that is a passive experience where as the game's story truly shine at being an active experience.
It's science, that is what's going on. Tiny space and highly compact, with many tiny parts, with battery and screen generating ton of heat means the hardware is more likely to fail.

So unless Nintendo wants to deal with people's Switch dying after 2-3 years then it's better to throttle. A lot of hardware never runs at 100% and are generally underclocked because that just means it's going to fail faster.
The more gold points for digital amounts to 5%. It's not much and on par with a fair amount of retail credit cards.

On top of that, Amazon Prime and GCU give you 20%.

So at the end of the day, if you have Prime/GCU (assume you have a decent credit card with 5%), you save 24%. Squeeze in cashback site, and you're looking at an additional 1% back.

The more gold points is only an incentive for those who wants digital to continue to get digital. Not so much for those who prefer physical.

You can't compare PC since PC has multiple stores competing against Steam such as GOG, Humble Bundle, Amazon/Twitch, GameStop, Microsoft Store, and many others.

You can only buy from eShop on the Switch. Even if you buy from Amazon, it's still bought from Nintendo/eShop. There isn't an Amazon digital store on the Switch. Thus, no competition.

On top of that nearly all PC games require activation codes and are locked to accounts. Physical games for consoles are not tied to accounts. So for PC, the disc itself is useless since others can only use it to install not play.
Docked mode doesn't utilize full clockspeed, only ~75% of it. While undocked runs about ~40% of the full clockspeed.
I bought mine for exclusives as a whole, which is generally the reason for why I buy any of their systems.

The one plus I like about the Switch is that it makes party games easier to carry around. Bringing Mario Kart 8, NintendoLand with all the wiimotes, pro controllers and WiiU was a PITA. I traded in for MK8D with little hesitation to save myself. 

I do wish they would bring NintendoLand to the Switch. It's feasible to add a companion app like what Bandai Namco did for Pac Man VS for the Switch. 
The only way to get full clockspeed is when CFW exist for the Switch.

In any case, full clockspeed will likely cause issues and most developers will not be optimizing their games to account for full clockspeed. 
There is nothing that states each gold coin is worth $0.05. If NA is to follow EU and Japan, then it's going to be 1 gold coin is worth $0.01.

If we follow the digital purchase are worth 5% of your purchase in Gold Coin, then that just mean if each gold coin is worth $0.01 then you get 300 Gold Coins for a $60 game.

Your current 310 gold coins are worth only $3.10.
If Shanna has already spoke to Betsy about the trip, it's too late to back out of this without being the bad guy.

If Shanna has said nothing to Betsy, just be upfront about it.
It's only worth it if it has enough games you want to play.
There is also the entire KH collection is on PS4.
Not going to happen since the Ambassador Program for the 3DS was a special situation. The 3DS wasn't selling at all and was on track to be a total failure.

So within 6 months of release, Nintendo drop the price by ~$100 IIRC.

The free games was there to make sure early adopters didn't feel screwed by Nintendo botching the 3DS release, and having them paid the price for it.
They've all been kinda different after PS2/GC. Innocent Life took a more futuristic turn.

Rune Factory, a spin off, but had a more JRPG direction.

Hometown Story had a cutesy kid anime style.

Tree of Tranqulity and its sequel was something else, I couldn't tell you what kind of style that was but it was pretty ugly.

Grand Bazaar is similar to Story of Season except more chibi.

All of the ones I've mention are published under Natsume.
Not that I'm aware of, and I can't find anything that states that to be true. 
Make sure you have enough luggage space for PSVR, the box isn't small.

Check out Kinokuniya Bookstore, there is one across from Byrant Park.

Toy Tokyo (St. Mark area) is a good store for figures and collectibles.

J+L Game (near Byrant Park) has imported games, marked up of course.

Headset and PSVR, you can go to a Best Buy. You can ask them to pricematch Amazon, Newegg, or Target (if it's cheaper). 

If you decided to shop anything from almost any big retailer aside from Gamestop, you can easily ask to pricematch for the cheaper price.
Hmm, What are you looking for? Are you looking for just game related stuff or are you also looking for anime related merchandise too?
It's been a long time since I've played it but I don't recall it being difficult.
Think of it like this: Pretend that Capcom does not publish Megaman in the West, Natsume is the one publishing the Megaman games. The Megaman name belongs to Natsume.

In Japan, Megaman is known as Rockman. And say, Capcom decides that they will now publish the Megaman game in the west.

However because of whatever legal SNAFU, Natsume still has right to the Megaman games.

So now, Capcom will continue to make Megaman games but will use Rockman in the western localization too.

If Natsume makes a "Megaman" game, they can publish it as Megaman in the East since Rockman will be named Rockman.


I try to pick up. Starting over is a pain. For games that I start over, I am even less likely to finish it if I start over.

I put about 20 hours in Persona 5 and pick it up in December. It took a little while to remember the mechanics but once I got back into the groove, it was smooth sailing.
In Japan, it was always known as Story of Seasons but was localized as Harvest Moon. So, they've only lost the rights to the name in the West.

So nothing has changed except no longer having the rights to the name Harvest Moon in the west.
If it's anything like the other Gal Gun games, then it's a fun rail shooter with a bit of doki doki elements. Overall, it's a fun and cheeky game.
After looking carefully at the listing, it states that he's the lead designer for the VR portion of Ace Combat 7. That is exclusive to the PS4/PSVR.

In any case, I'd still take the info with a grain of salt.
I think it's exclusive to PS4 in Asia (that listing is for BN Singapore). 

Still, not sure why you're getting downvoted. 
You're good. Chances are Amazon will tell your friend "Tough shit" since they can't do anything once the code goes out.

It's why digital codes are usually non-refundable.
Not at all. It completely flopped in Japan and in NA, the game sold poorly enough that they had plenty of left over LE as well as retailers put the game on sale for $20 within about 1-2 month from release.

I remember getting a Day 1 copy about 2 months later for about $20.
>Choices felt like they didn't change anything and gameplay was non-existent.

That's basically all Telltale games. Sometimes, they tell a good story and other times, no. If you're looking for more substance than a story, you won't find it with a Telltale game.

Choices doesn't really change anything in their game aside from a few lines and scene.
> Placeholder dates are common. Placeholder prices are very, very, very rare. We have 5 retailers listing TWEWY at $60 - Best Buy, Amazon, Target, Walmart and Gamestop. The evidence and circumstances are largely in favor of TWEWY final remix being $60. I'm not saying it's not going to be lower, but we should frankly expect it to be at $60.

This so much. It's super rare for retailers to place a listing without a price especially for Best Buy and Gamestop. Best Buy usually waits until after everyone else before putting a listing up after they have confirmation about price.

Amazon usually puts a listing up but will leave the listing in an unavailable status if they don't have all the listing information needed. (Let's not forget that Amazon had 18 Switch related listing with exact pricing for all the known official pricing including Labo)

Gamestop rarely opens the preorder option until they have pricing info.

I'd be more incline to believe it's a placeholder price if it's just Walmart putting up a listing since they have a record of putting a listing up before anything is ready.

The only way I see TWEWY being lower than $60 is there is enough noises generated and low preorder rate that they'll change the price to boost launch sales.

Also, let's not forget that SE charged $60 for a PSP port, FF Type-0.
I love GR on Vita, and even platinum that. But GR2 didn't quite feel the same.

In part, it lost the charm that the Vita provided to GR where the immersion was better due to using motion control on an unfixed screen. This gave a better sense of flow by adding that extra dimension to the gameplay.

GR2, it looks really nice and I intend to finish it before the server shut down it doesn't feel the same playing with a controller and TV.
True Ending is much easier, and more obvious to reach in Persona 5. So you don't need to worry about social links as much as Persona 4. However, some of the social links do provide really useful abilities and advantages.
Nier Automata
I'm not familiar with internet in China but is it something that is blocked?

If it is, you'll probably need a VPN to get around it.
That's because there are people who can't since it can induces something similar to motion sickness.

I'm okay with inconsistent/low frame rate (feels off and sluggish but nothing physical) but I've know people who gets nauseous from playing games with low frame rate or inconsistent frame rate. 
Amazon got rid of that almost a year ago. It's preorder only, standard editions except a few exceptions regarding CE/launch edition. 
If rebuilding the database doesn't fix the issue, it's a sign that it could be an impending harddrive failure.
I like the company of a pet but I don't think my lifestyle jives well with a pet. I'm not home most of the day and when I am home, I just want to relax.

Having a pet is like having a toddler that never grows up.

It would be cruel if I don't give it the attention it needs especially knowing full well I wouldn't be able to (on top of the fact that I'd probably end up paying for some dog walker/dog daycare which is a waste of money).
The Switch would need to authenticate the license so no, it would not work.
Never been a huge GOW fan but I'd still participate.

I'd love it if they had a Nier Automata event.
It's better to get it right the first time than to deal with a botch launch on PC especially when Capcom wants to win the Western market.

Just look at Batman Arkham Knight, the PC release was a total mess and WB spent more money to fix the issues while damaging their reputation.
Gravity Rush Remastered and Gravity Rush 2
INTP
Cereal.

Since I'm eating cereal, it's important that I make sure my bowl has enough cereal to satisfy me. Secondary is the milk so I don't need to worry about having enough milk first.
Yeah, this. If the OP didn't know, then it's more like voting blindly despite long list of records out there saying "this is a very corrupt politician" and then be totally shock about said politician doing corrupt things that the politician has repeatedly done in the past.
That's a poor example. Since a politician must be voted in, that's mandatory.

Buying and supporting certain games, that's optional. 

Again, this has been a recurring issues for over a decade now with Bethesda but people still buy their games and act as if they're shock things are broken. 

The OP situation is more like falling for a well known scam and then saying, we need to stop this scam after falling for a super well known scam. 

It doesn't invalidate but it sure proves that the OP didn't do his/her leg work in ending the cycle. As I've said, Bethesda keeps doing this because people keep rebuying their games despite known issues.

Most of this whole subreddit gave Bethesda a free pass because "But it's portable Doom/Skyrim!" ignoring Bethesda's track record. Some goes in knowing it's going to be buggy but still did so anyway, hence another free pass. 
Get MH World, also keep in mind that there are limited time events in this game for the cross promotion items. So sooner you get the game, the better.

The Watcher armor and weapon for Palico ends on Feb 8, and you need to be rank 6 to play that quest. 
>We need to show Bethesda that this lack of support for their ports is unacceptable.

Sorry, you gave that opportunity up the moment you bought their games on the Switch.

Bethesda games are infamous for being buggy, and most of the problems being unfixed. It's why I stop supporting them after Skyrim, when it first came out.

It's a recurring joke that if you want to play a Bethesda game without dealing with game breaking bugs and the majority of the issues, you
play on PC.

Personally, I don't want to support them on any systems between their multiple attempts to make paid mods a thing and their constant unoptimize mess. Unfortunately, most people still buy their games because it's fun and give them a free pass each time. 
Because things can always turn around.
I'm thinking season pass for DB FighterZ.
I wouldn't say no personality, it really depends on the item. But generally I favor function over form. It also makes me a bit of a terrible gift giver since I have a tendency of considering if something is practical first and foremost.

Most people care for flash over useful. =/
Aside from a few online related trophies and help requests, you can play offline just fine. 
Going to agree with your gf. Unless you're just oozing in disposable income money to burn and have a ton of free time then you really don't need the 2DS.

Also consider this, it's going to be much harder to find old 3DS games in stock and on sale. So even if the library is huge, you're mostly going to be looking at used stock. 
$150 for the system max with the controller, LAN cable, and HDMI. You can easily find a new PS4 slim for $200.

Physical games are worth something, not much but something. Digital are absolutely worthless since they are tied to an account.

500 GB harddrive isn't much, $30 max.

PS+ for a month is $3? assuming this is a code.
Try removing and clearing the Google app updates. Then download them again. 
Yeah, pretty much. I never really grasp nor understood the concept religion until somewhere in middle school.

Mostly due to the fact that I didn't grow up in a religious household.

Anything that was remotely religious is out of tradition and culture than out of being a follower.

However, when I finally took the time to understand what religion is about, I rejected it. It didn't make logical sense to me and what purpose it served. If I choose to be morally good, I didn't need something like a bible to tell me. Who was this "God" to judge me regardless if I was his creation or not. If God was as good as some believe then he would be understanding if I didn't believe nor have faith but still be good. God is a shitty being to punish for someone who is skeptical.

In any case, I strongly opposed religion during my teens but afterward have long taken a more "it's your business, just don't go around forcing it on others and stay out of mine.".
PQube is about the only publisher that gives me any hope when it comes to VN.

Aksys decided to bring over nothing but otome, nothing against it but they are just not for me.

Sekai Project, ahahahahahahaha. So many empty promises and so many unfulfilled Kickstarters.
Depends on the size of the population. If splitting the group leads to major issues when it comes to reproduction, then it's 100/0. If the population is big enough to reproduce without too much issues, then 50/50.

Though you're on an INTP subreddit, chances are long before we come to this fork in the road, we would have already gone ahead and do research. INTPs aren't exactly the kind of people that likes to make a decision without as much information as possible.
Far less snarky and sarcastic.
Yes, it's an action hack and slash. It plays more like Devil May Cry.
Oh that's a shame. The headphone jack on the remote is wonderful since it's so small and light.

I just put the remote in my pocket and can freely move about while listening to the movie.
Do you have a trading service to recommend for Ripple? So many of them feel so shady.
I'd like to see that case study.

While I understand that meritorious is lowered, I wouldn't say that directly makes someone more selfish. If someone believes they are destined to help or to be a good person, then they'll help regardless if free will exist or not. But again, I'd like to see the methodology and statistic to better get an idea of their testing.
For those inclined to disbelieve in free will, are they more likely to do so because they generally are more selfish as it allows them to absolved themselves of guilt or make their actions more justifiable? 

Just because there is a correlation doesn't mean it's a cause.
It's not the only remake that is less than full price. Yakuza Kiwami was only $30 which included new contents.

No word about Yakuza Kiwami 2 coming west but it's probably going to be $30 too.

Ratchet and Clank, another remake, was only $40 at release.

Crash Bandicoot Trilogy was $40 at release.

So, SotC at $40 isn't a surprise.

On PS4, it's practically the norm for remake/remasters to be $40 and under.

Then again, SE did sell a port of FF Type 0 at a full $60. 
I remember something similar but it's been so long that I couldn't remember if the PSP had it or not, and wasn't sure if I'm only "remembering" that because it's being mentioned.

PSVita, I knew it had that for sure. The sleep/hibernate battery life on that device was amazing. I left my PSVita on sleep for a whole month one time (near full charge), and came back to it with about 15% left.
The micro-transactions are just extra healing/craft items (basically paid cheat). So it's completely unnecessary unless you want to cut out grinds and heal more.
There are plenty of other remakes out there with a cheaper price tag, and newer games with the $60.

And so far, it looks like a port of Solo Remix on iOS/Android, with a few more contents.
Yup, it did. There was even a thread on here about it.

https://www.reddit.com/r/NintendoSwitch/comments/5tv2uz/hoping_that_a_dead_battery_results_in_sleep_or/
I'll wait for Pokemon Present.
>"Official Screen Protector" and "Hori Screen Protector - Filter" (Plastic), Cannot be put on without an absolute ton of bubbles. Go get a glass one !

Didn't have that issue. How are people putting these on??
At the current price of $60, nah. It's a hard pass. I thought the original game was good when I paid $20 but definitely not $60 good.
I do this to people who are a priority too. Sometimes I just don't know how to respond so I don't.
The last MH game that I sorta got into was Freedom on PSP. I couldn't deal with the ones on 3DS due to the low res and annoying controls. Another thing that really bother me about the older games was the constant load screens.

With that said, I'm loving MH World now that gameplay feels more seamless and smooth. Controls also feel much better and doesn't feel like I need to fight  the camera.

The better graphic also help my enjoyment immensely since I can see the armor design more clearly making it more appealing to go out and hunt for materials. When it looks pixelated on the 3DS, it's much harder to care what my character looks like.
Also that it gets enough sleep, around 8 hours.
I don't know how it is in Japan but in the US, usually someone in a high finance position is require to approve transaction (either of high volume or large transaction) as required by IRS to prevent fraud. So even if codes are automatically being generated, there is a limit which is probably an agreed quota before requiring additional approval/sign off.

As I've said, the most I know is that it's internal control related but I don't know the exact details.
I'm not going to keep arguing over this since neither of us work for Amazon corporate. Whether you believe me or not, that's up to you.

The fact is that codes do sell out. 
ENTJ. Sounds very appealing.

I just don't see myself likely to bump into one.
You also have a year from release date to redeem the codes from your game. 
It's a matter of internal control. I don't know all the details as I don't work with nor for retailers in finance. I just know enough to understand the controller part behind it.

If say a price mistake or glitch happen, the retailer would be forced to eat the cost if say someone exploit that automatic code generator. 

Sony/MS or any company that issues gift card will also want that internal control on their end to make sure that they don't lose money or potentially theft of these codes. 

Auditors would definitely ask for these protocol to be put in place because it exposes both the retailer and the company supplying the code at risk. 

Internal control is not about making things easier but lowering fraud risk which frankly makes things harder. 
It was for a period of time with a few random ones like Cars 3.
I meant that companies more or less stop making movie tie-in games since they weren't worth the effort anymore.
Are movie tie-in games finally making a comeback?
I know someone from another source that also say it's coming to the Switch but it won't come out until the latter half of the year.
It's funny because MTA keeps insisting commuters to place their bags casually on the floor between their feet to make more room for others.

At the same time, they also tell people it's their responsibility to watch and keep their belongs safe.

So in the end, almost no one takes off their bag because it's stupid to place it between your feet where it's so easy for someone to snatch and run off (that and the floor is dirty af).
That's not going to happen unless you have an arm with the strength and size of a twig.

Train/subway thief are generally opportunist, and wants a clean easy getaway. So that initial resistance is generally enough to deter most thief. 
So how should one deal with people who are constantly angry and continue to be in repeated similar situation that makes them feel shitty? 
That sucks. 

A trick for future reference when sleeping on the train is to wrap the strap around your arm. So even if someone try to pull the bag away, the bag won't go without pulling your entire arm.

That's what I do everyday to make sure no one snatches my bag when I sleep.
I'm around your age, and I've dealt with it since I was 6 years old (I remember the first time I broke down crying out of the blue when that thought hit me). I've mostly come to terms with my mortality at this point. It's definitely not easy when it eats you away or trigger depression.

Sometimes to this day, in the middle of the night I would wake up in sudden panic over my mortality. (not all the time but it still happens)

It's something that you need to find your own answer to but my answer is to find a way to live my life to the fullest and with as little regret as possible. I always try to remember life isn't to be taken for granted and just find my own peace.
I haven't tried everything yet but I started with the long sword and wasn't feeling it. I've tried the Great Sword but it was too slow for my liking.

So far, I've enjoy using the Switch Axe.
I give a smirk at most but generally a blank look or unfazed look. So at times, it comes off as deadpan humor.
Maybe it's different for Nintendo (I doubt it though) but for Xbox and PSN, retailers gets a finite amount of codes. Once they run out of codes and have to wait for Sony/MS to allow new codes. 

This has happen on Amazon where they sell out of certain codes/refill cards but usually get a new batch of codes within a few hours to a few days.

It's just that with Amazon, the number of codes available is usually much higher than other retailers so it seems like they can keep generating new ones.
Shipped=Sold as far as Capcom/back-end is concerned. Distributors must purchase their stock from the publishers before distributing to retailers to be resold to consumers.

In some cases, distributors are allowed to sell back unsold copies generally at cheap price back to publisher after a certain period of time.
I don't know how old you are but it's not something that I've overcome in a day. I know how you feel about it but as I've said in another post, every moment I waste fighting that is completely out of my control is every moment I lose to enjoy what I do have.

I don't want to take my life for granted and use it up on something that will happen whether I enjoyed life or not.

If something else exist for the better after death, great? If not, at the very least, I didn't spend it all in agony over the inevitable.
It's been a while since I've last played a MH game due to little things like constant load screens that bother me to no end.

Now that they've made a bunch much needed changes, it's been amazing and a blast to play.

Despite a busy weekend, I've put a bit over 10 hours into the game already.
The last MH game I really played was back on the PSP. The constant load screen moving from area to area bugged me a lot and I didn't bother when it went to the 3DS.

Now that they've fixed the whole load screen from area to area, it's been really fun hunting down monster to upgrade my gear.
Because the way it works is that generally, distributors buy the stock from Capcom (shipped number) which they then distribute to their retailers to sell to their customers.

So on Capcom's end, shipped=sold. There are a few exceptions where retailers are allow to return unsold copies back to the publishers (for a lower price) after some time but the norm is distributor buy the stock first. (Which is why physical copies generally see sales rather quick if the game isn't selling).
I'm pretty sure it's more of the fact that Xbox One including Xbox One X sales do not total up to more than 90,000 lifetime.

It's not as if Capcom needed extra convincing nor does Sony need to do anything to win Japanese consumer over to PS4 from Xbox.

Edit: grammatical typo
It's inevitable, and at some point you realize why waste so much time and energy on something inevitable. The best you can do is try to enjoy the ride instead of fighting it since it will be over in what feels like a blink of an eye.
Retail code card already has an assigned code, it's just inactive until it's activated.
Just be careful with those adapters and do not charge more than one device at a time. Too many at once can cause inconsistent charging for all devices (like all the devices stop charging, charge, stop again, and so on).

This happen on one of the SUV I rented about 3 years back, it was a fairly new car. Sadly, it couldn't charge more than 2 phones at a time and we had 5 people in the car.

While I don't know about the Switch but I've charged my ps4 controller using the Nvidia Shield TV and it's fine. I've also charged them using my PC before too. 
They're definitely a thing in the US but just not as common as Russia.

I own one, and quite a few people I know own one.

The other thing is that unless you're really looking, most people's dash cams are well hidden/subtle.
When it comes to flash memory, don't skimp out on the cheapest options. Flash memory, unlike disc memory, once it craps out you will lose your data.

Avoid PNY. 

Always buy from reputable sellers so don't try to save money by buying from ebay or buy used.
It might be, I don't use iPhone only some of my family do so that's where I try things out.

The 6s felt like a normal vibration compare to all the phones I've used, just a bit more subtle.

Whereas 8 was actually impressive and feels different.
I think you mean 02+alphamale. Hiro is the very definition of a beta male.
>because I know that would mean spending most of the rest of my life having to compete for something I should never have to compete for.

That's how I feel every time I see those dating profile that put pets on a pedestal, and some outright state they will never love you more than they love their pet. Or how they mention that their pet is their baby. 
There are a lot of variables in play, and it's hard to figure out unless reviewers go to rural areas, and have sim cards for multiple carriers. 
I don't know if they made changes but the 6s taptic engine didn't impress me. It felt like a more subtle vibration and nothing too special. 

However the 8, that one definitely felt much better and feels like I was pushing a button. 
I'm exactly the same way. I just check my phone once in a while and see if my notification LED is blinking or not. 
Crypto won't drive NVDA to the moon but it will certainly help them. 

NVDA is also working on AI particularly for cars so there is a future there.
It's not very important to me so I disable it.

Apple's Taptic Engine is cool? if you care for the simulated feeling of a button clicking but I've gotten so use to capactive hard buttons that I don't need clicking buttons. 
It's more of the fact that there were warnings from people to not assume MH will be on the Switch, and even advise that if MH is important to them, wait for official confirmation.

Those advice got downvoted to oblivion during all the hype pre-launch/launch period.

There was even rumors about MH going to be on PS4 prior to Switch launch.
>Plenty of fans moved from Sony to Nintendo to follow the game, meaning they never bought PS3/4 and instead bought Wii/Wii U and Switch.

See that's where the logic fails. MH fans would have bought PS3 and PSVita if they weren't expecting to jump systems. Hence disappointment the first time this happen. There is nothing to be upset about if they've never committed to a system before any announcement.

So history would tell us to wait before assuming that MH mainline games would continue on Nintendo systems.

Buying the Switch so early on assuming MH would appear on the Switch would be the same mistake as the first time around, except this time more presumptuous since history has already spoken that MH franchise will likely move around.

There were people here that warn others not to assume MH would be on the Switch very early on without confirmation, and they just got downvoted.

So here we are, fans can be disappointed but upset is mostly the error on the buyer's end.
>The Monster Hunter community is better than this.

Makes me wonder how much of the community has changed. MH fans were upset when it went from PS2/PSP to 3DS/Wii. MH fans are now upset that MH is now going to PS4/XBox One/PC.

MH community should very well be familiar that the franchise will move around. A true fan would follow the game, not the system.
Freedom Wars is co-developed by Sony, and published by Sony.
The bezel is necessary since it works best for their current docking solution.
I use to be more chaotic neutral but I've drifted more to chaotic good these days.
Avoid PNY, they have high failure rates.

Transcend is also very good, and in some cases better than Sandisk.

Sounds like you got fake MicroSD card.

Word of advice when buying flash memory, do your best to buy highly rated cards and don't skimp out. Game storage isn't a big lost if the data gets corrupt but if you're storing backups or photos, they are nearly impossible to recover when flash memory becomes corrupt.

Wait for a sale from reputable seller if you must.

Also, I recommend getting the Evo Select from Amazon since it's exclusive to Amazon. 

There has been cases where fakes flood Amazon warehouses via Amazon Fulfillment and Amazon sending out the fakes instead of real ones due to how they manage their warehouses.
Xbox One hasn't had much going for them in the last 2 years especially after they cancelled a bunch of exclusives, and made most of their releases on PC and Xbox One

At this point, the only reason I would consider a Xbox One is because they're a pretty cheap 4K Bluray player.
Retail stores also generally allow deal/coupon stacking making it cheaper to buy physical copy.

Digital store on consoles have no direct competition, infinite supply, and have no urgent need to lower their prices.

On top of that, consumer laws are terrible for digital goods in the US.
In the US, it's far more cheaper to get physical than digital especially if you have GCU and Prime combo. So at the bare minimum, I get 20% off any new game and the maximum I've achieved was ~48% off on a Day 1 buy for physical copy.

At this point, I almost refuse to pay full price on a game unless it's some publisher store exclusive with collectibles that I really want. So to answer your question, at most it will be the same price as digital unless it's a collector's edition with enough stuff to justify the price hike.
I don't recall reading about USB 3.0 being supported in any of the updates. They probably won't turn that on until they need it.  Because why pay the fee when it's not being utilized. 
Go with MH World since there are time limited events.

DBFZ will likely go on sale quickly as with most fighting game. Also, doesn't help that the game has a season pass which in a lot of cases drives the base game down in value fast. 
Not one that can be answer. How everything, and I mean everything will turn out from the time of my death to the end of the universe?, or possibly the multiverse, or the end of everything.
Because the regret has nothing to do with the fact of whether I open and play it, or not.

I thought it might hold some rarity but it's seems less so not too long after I got it.
You're going to need a new profile with your correct DOB. DOB cannot be changed.
The success of MH3 didn't bring MH games back to PS3 and PSVita. For all we know, the main games will stay on home consoles/PC and spin off to Switch.

All the success guarantees are more MH games.
At one point, sure. So do something.

You don't need to be partying or traveling the world to be interesting.

The most interesting people are the ones that know how to tell a story about even the most mundane things.
Alternatively if you have GCU, you can get the game at BB for ~$48 with the DLC, and steelbook.

But it doesn't appear that the bonus is worth the $7 unless you want the origin armor.
This is one of those games where the side stories are worth doing. You don't get much out of it but the stories are extremely entertaining.
Are you going to be able to juggle between 3 games or are they all going to end up in the backlog?

I know for me MH World is likely to fall into the backlog but I'll make attempts to play it particularly for the limited time events.

DBFZ will likely get a fair amount of play but mainly offline since fighting games are more pick up and drop.
There are a lot to do but it's not open world.

The game takes place in two different city which aren't very big but there is a lot of life to it.

Don't think of the game like GTA at all. You cannot interact with most civilians.
Try to be the best you and hope they like you for who you are.

Do not try to be a you where you're trying to win them over.
No idea, it was $30 for the PS4 version too. (I still have mine sealed)

I regret getting it.
You're welcome.

Haha, thanks but I've reign back on the whole collecting games. It's usually not worth it and it started to feel like hoarding at some point.

In any case, approach this like you would with any serious collectible hobby. The better the story behind the item especially infamy, the higher the value. 

Ex: Mona Lisa wasn't worth much and hardly recognized until it got stolen. Even then, it took the museum a while to realize it was stolen. After that, value for the painting shot up.

The hardest part though is that some times these stories don't show up long after release or preorders are long gone before the story crops up.

Another thing I bought that end up shooting up high in value was the Funimation exclusive Cowboy Bebop LE. 

I preordered that when it was just a listing on Funimation web store. No one really care and didn't want to bother with a preorder with nearly no information, and figure it would be on Amazon.

I can't recall why I preorder it with Funimation but I did.

A few months past, and I never cancel the order. Then out of the blue, Funimation announced the contents for their exclusive LE and would only be limited to 2,500 copies.

People freaked out and were super upset they've missed out.

Needless to say, I kept my preorder and sold it on eBay for about double. It's now about 5x-6x the MSRP.
Day 1 patch changelog has a blip about bug fixes but it's mainly to add in online features, and Poogie.
It kicked off on the PSP in the west with Freedom. I remember that was when I first started with MH on my PSP.

What followed was most MH fans complaining about how shitty Capcom was for moving the franchise to 3DS/WiiU instead of a PS3/PSVita release. Rumors about Nintendo paid Capcom floated around.

MH isn't a big enough franchise where Capcom is willing to fracture their fanbase. The MH fanbase simply needs to move around as they have done so in the past. If anything, World is far more available than any previous MH game. It's going to be on PC, and it's on PS4/Xbox One. That's three different system oppose to about two max, in the past.
If we go by patterns, definitely not indie games in limited prints as most people suggest. They may hold their value better but they aren't the kind to become super expensive since they tend to be available on every system.

What tends to make a game become super expensive usually have these factors in common

1) Limited ways you can experience the game but on a popular enough system that there is demand. So exclusive titles tend to have a better chance.

2) Niche titles

3) Misprint or a controversy that is publicized enough that there is some degree of infamy

4) Small print which tends to tie into niche titles since demands are generally low.

Number 3 is usually the catalyst.

I have a few games that end up shooting up in values because no one gave a damn about the game until something ended up getting gamer attention.

Example: Ni No Kuni LE - no one care about this at all when BN tried to market it. Since preorders for the LE was terribly low despite multiple campaign to drive sales with a Kickstarter like preorder system. BN decided to close the preorders.

Suddenly, people wanted the LE and was mad that they couldn't get one. Digital River being a shit distributor screws up some people's order and it blew up even further.

At release, the NA version LE was going for close to $1000. These days, it's still floating around ~$500.

Another one I owned was Ar no Surge PSVita LE. No one really care for the game, and only 10,000 copies were printed. I bought it for ~$55, and it goes for about ~$400 on ebay. If you ask me why this one is so high, I'm not sure. It helps that it's only available digitally outside the LE and that the game is only available on PSVita.

In any case, Azure Striker Gunvolt holds one of the higher potential to be worth something but as far as I can tell most of the current Switch titles will not rise too much.

Puyo Puyo Tetris also may have a shot due to how the Tetris license works.
Depends on the advice and the person giving it. Sometimes it can be a very good advice if it's coming from someone observant and perceptive enough to give a good advice.

If it's someone with a shit advice or a completely off base reading of me/my situation, then they really should have stayed quiet.
S;G Elite is coming out March 15 in Japan. It isn't confirmed for the west, and the prospect of it coming West is really low since it would likely be more costly to bring it over compare to a straight forward VN.

It's easier to accept the whole situation regarding online/features if this was 15 years ago.

But the Switch was release in 2017 and we are already in 2018 nearing Switch 1st anniversary.

But Nintendo chooses to do nearly nothing, and keeping it so bare that the PSP seem to be far more robust in terms of online features.

It's funny that nearly everyone else figure out how to implement all these basic online features and still do really good as a business but Nintendo can only seem to do one.
Discount codes rarely if ever works on preorders and subscriptions.
https://twitter.com/videogamedeals/status/956077118739361793

Azure Striker Gunvolt is a good game if you fancy games similar to Megaman Zero series. It also will be one of those physical game that will likely be rare.

Though, from what I've played, it's not all that much improved over the 3DS version. Controls are more comfortable but it's not a game that really stands out on the Switch.

If you never own a WiiU, definitely get Bayonetta 2 next month.

Puyo Puyo Tetris is good if Switch is the only console device you own.

Those are about the only ones I can think of. Everything else are common ports or just indies.
Maybe, maybe not but definitely had influence. I was the first one out of all my friends, family, and coworkers to get one at launch.

I've bought it along during one of our trip and it definitely had a favorable impression. After that, three of my friends got it in the next few months.

Try the demo.
Same reason why I prefer playing on my phone. It's much more discrete and much easier to handle than holding a Switch on a crowded train.
Phantom Breaker
Nani?!
Same, I just wish I got in earlier when I first looked at it and thought I should get in when they announced their plans for AI (but I didn't due to external reasons). 

I got in at ~$155, and it's doing way better than I thought.
Do you like IAS?

If you want to know about performance in Japan, it bombed in reviews and sales.
Maybe it's better to ask your friend or get a better feel of what he thinks of the titles?

Your friend may not enjoy Splatoon or Rabbids even if plenty of others do. 

Safe choice is only safe if you know your friend's taste well enough that you don't need to think twice. If you have to hesitate then you probably have doubts that your friend will quickly fall in love with the game. 

So far, the only game that you even said that show what your friend's taste is like is for Xenoblade. 

Your reasoning for Splatoon and Rabbids as an option are not about your friends taste at all. 
It sounds like Xenoblade might be more up his alley.

Focus on what he may actually play instead of what you think he'll play with you. They'll only dislike the game if they feel like they need to play out of obligation instead of playing for fun.
I check YT and see if the gameplay is for me. I may hit up a review or two that is lengthy enough if I'm unsure about the story being good or not.
I'm like rail shooter but more like Time Crisis/Gal Gun oppose to jet fighter/space ship kind.

I think it's more of the fact that if I'm controlling a jet fighter/space ship, I instinctively want to be free to move around and pull all sorts of aerial tricks unless it's flying down the corridor of turrets to shoot a proton torpedo.
About 30-40 hours.
Probably not, I'm not really fond of the rail like shooter element. 

But if it's more like Elite Dangerous or an open world space flight sim, then definitely.
While real life and online gaming aren't one to one, online you can easily block, ignore, and mute people. Whereas in real life, you have to face the issue head one nor can you easily brush off toxicity. There is far more control in how far online toxicity can get to you.

If it's not through online gaming, the internet toxicity and trolling on social media platform (especially with political related news articles on FB/Twitch, use to be YT comments) isn't that far off from online gaming.

Most teens are on social media, and many of their interaction will be on the internet/through their phones leading to things like cyber bullying.

So even though it's not one to one, many interaction these days are digital and will only continue to grow in that area. The line between real life interaction and digital interaction are much blurrier than they were two decades ago.

It's also important that online have mods which almost every other online services has. I know Sony gives out permaban (you lose access to everything you own digitally) to players who are way too toxic.
I don't read into it but I will factor it into my profile about you under pending.

If I have a sufficient model about a person, I will then review it and see where it fits in that simulated version of the person.
Yeah, I gave up on rooting after I got my HTC 10.

At some point, I was tired of trying to always keep up and making sure everything play nice.

I do miss adblockers though and all the other little improvements.
It was worth it to me but mostly because I was able to trade in and get nearly the same price I paid for the base game. So most of my lost was from the Season pass.

It definitely is worth being able to easily carry MK8 to a friend's house. Taking my WiiU with all the wires and different controllers was a PITA.

The battle mode is also fun.

>There are gonna be people who think it's funny to chirp little kids, and there is nothing wrong with making sure a 4 year old doesn't hear some dumb teenager telling him he's a worthless piece of shit because the teenager thinks it's funny to bully the little kid.

Which would be failure on the parents part. A 4 year old isn't going to easily figure out how to change voice chat to global/public if mute is set as default unless the parent does it for them. If parents are really concern, Nintendo can give a parent lock option.

>Nintendo views it from a business sense, meaning that there is more value for them in being every kids first console (which helps develop lifelong fans), than there is in having full voice chat.

On the other hand, this can also push consumers away as they age because it lacks features found on every other systems/PC.

For some games especially for non-exclusive multiplayer games with an online focus, I wouldn't bother getting the Switch version due to lack of voice chat.

It makes it harder for third party titles with online multiplayer to grow on the Switch or on any Nintendo system.


Mute has existed pretty much since the beginning of online chatting. Mute on default isn't even that far off.

So I'm not sure why people are so worry about online toxicity.

If someone wants to explore the online world of strangers, there will always exist a portion of the population who are toxic just like real life.

I remember in the 90s, the scare among parents was the danger of online chatrooms. Yet at the same time, in order to be expose to the danger, the user has to be willing to enter at their own free will.

Kids aren't as dumb as people make them to be especially when friend code exchange exist. All this does is that it makes it a hassle for everyone.

Bubbling everyone and treating adults like toddlers isn't a good solution.

Some of my closes friends, I met online.

I also hate the idea of sheltering kids from everything because it doesn't help the kid in the long term. They will end up struggling to deal with social interactions especially when it comes to dealing with stress. They will struggle more to realize danger or bad situation when they become an adult.

What should be done is parents actually parenting their kids on how to deal with toxicity online.

They can add a series teaching parents and kids on how to deal with toxicity with online games. Inform and teach their customers to be better.

Babying is not the answer and treats people as if no one knows how to be decent.
Biking, archery, and walking.

I use to play badminton but I haven't played for about three years now. I would love to do more hiking but I have really bad acrophobia to the point where I get panic attacks.

I hate running and weight training since it feels mind-numbingly boring to me.
Well it depends on the guy and other traits you're looking for in a guy. If intelligence is the only thing you're after then it's about as shallow as looking for good looking guys.

I don't know how old you are or if English isn't your first language but you sound young, and definitely approaching the whole dating thing from an angle where you're more infatuated with the idea of a relationship than you are being ready for a relationship.
Most of my spotting of Switch in public has been on the subway, all male adults.

I don't really care to pay much attention but man, it definitely is a pet peeve when some hug and hogs up the pole during rush hour. This guy, which I hope is not you, was making it difficult for everyone around him just so he can play Mario kart. 
NYC, this month, about 2 people. One guy hogging the pole during rush hour to play on his Switch (kept glaring at the guy hoping he would realize how much of dick he was), and another one else where.
Zero struggle, I've been playing mainly my PS4 for the last two months tackling backlogs.

I don't see myself picking up the Switch for the next three months since there isn't any games coming out that I plan to get on the Switch that I haven't already played.
No advantage but you lose out on warranty. 
I make it a habit to check my seat at almost anything I sat for a while. I always check my seat even at theaters. 
I say it's worth it if you got the money to spend, more so if you got a 4K TV.

I also appreciate that some games give an option between resolutions, frame rate, or balance on the Pro.

Another thing I appreciate on the Pro is 4K screenshots and 1080p video recording. 
If it does come to the Switch, it will be far later down the line.

The game got a delay, and they still need to develop content for their season pass afterward. 
It definitely is especially if you enjoy a perfect blend of serious, and overly dramatic yet quirky humor.

There are also a ton of minigames all of them could almost warrant it's own game.

The substories/side quest are engaging where you actually want to do them not for grind but for pure amusement.

I really hope they remastered 3, 4 and 5, and bring over the uncensored version.
I could never get into zombie theme games so I will pass.

One of my favorite Metal Gear game is actually Ac!d 2, so I'm not a Kojima Metal Gear purist.
Yakuza 0, the game is amazing and hilarious.
It could but the PS2 was much cheaper, and one of the most affordable DVD player at the time.
First party titles, don't expect too many sales.

Cartridge cost will factor into sales.

Distributors purchases their stock first, and then distribute the games to retailers to sell to consumer.

So if distributors/retailers have an abundant inventory (supply), and people not buying the game as fast as they like (demand), then you see sales.

When cartridge based games cost more to produce than disc based games, supply is much lower. So even if demand is the same between Switch market and PS4/Xbox One market, the price will remain higher for the Switch version due to lower supply.
I'm not big on texting, the only exception is really the group chat I have with my close online friends. Even then, I'm not the most active in the chat.

I initiate text to check up on people I care about and haven't heard in a while, just to make sure they're okay and alive. It could be because I'm bored, it could be when the person comes to mind.

Small talks is not my forte, so I don't like to keep chatting especially by text for too long unless it's something interesting.
It wasn't underpowered but was held back by Nintendo's choice in proprietary tech.

Xbox and PS2 used DVD and can play DVD movies which contributed a lot to their sales. 

Nintendo decided to use some mini-dvd disc that only had 1/3 of the disc space of a regular DVD.
The box image makes it look like it's two different game.
One man's treasure is another man's trash.
I guess start with the question, what does a fulfilled you look like? What do you think that looks like? What does a fulfilled you do in his life?

As for the feeling of "I've made it", I don't think it really exist. At best is when you find yourself truly happy for that moment and you can say to yourself that you wouldn't trade this moment away for anything.

You may have a different definition but think about what it means to make it, for you personally.
It would be nice if they bring support for the balance board. My WiiU Fit is just gathering dust right now.

The games on the WiiU Fit wasn't as fun as Wii Fit.
Yeah, from the trailer, it seems more like a novelty but I haven't seen enough just yet to judge whether it allows me to program my own thing or if what we see is what we get.
GCU is definitely better than Prime for gamers.

I remember GCU applying to the Smash GC Controller/adapter bundle.

I've placed an order to hold, I'll decide to keep or cancel closer to release but better to lock this in now.
Which goes back to that there isn't much historical data to work upon and no good comparison to make assumptions to base on. Only loose comparisons.

Thus it was a bit silly to assume that the $60 is a placeholder price.

I can't recall which game but I do remember a publisher lowering the price of a game before release due to backlash. So the price could still lower if enough people ignore TWEWY remastered.
Go to meetups.

Do volunteer work.
Train Simulator.
There isn't much to compare at the moment.

Historically, most portable titles getting a remaster HD port happen on PlayStation, and in a few rare cases onto Xbox such as MGS Peacewalker. Sony has been pretty damn good at making sure their remasters are priced lower than the original MSRP.

When it comes to third party titles, ports will generally appear on more than one system which helps justify a lower price point. Which is why you see Dark Souls Remastered in line with PS4/Xbox One price, and LA Noire's only exception to factor in the cartridge cost (and even then, the Switch version didn't use the HD remastered assets).

I can't think of any games on Nintendo system having a remastered portable title going to HD remake. Closes I can think of is Metroid II which cost around $30 when it came out on GB, and $40 for the remake.

Do I agree with the pricing? Nah, which is why I'm skipping but I don't think there was enough historical data to assume it would be in line with how remasters are treated on PS/Xbox.
Depends on the person. Some are able to understand what I'm trying to convey better than others.

I try, I really do try to simplify things but I get carried away with over-explaining. And even when I do over-explain, it's an already filtered version.

But yeah, sometimes my jokes or comment can end up being ignored because the person reading it probably didn't understand or can't follow my train of thoughts. But for those who catch it, they are usually entertained.

I think I'm more bummed out when someone fails to understand a witty joke, and took it too seriously than someone not understanding an over-explained comment.
People assumed it's a place holder price.

Given, it could still change if the publisher feels that $60 isn't going to sell.

Then again, SE charges $18 for the iOS/Android version, and $20 for the iPad version which is much higher than your typical ports on an old game which is usually $10.
They usually put up a new list of games around E3.
While it's a bit vague but my goal is to become the person who I wish to be. Not that it's been easy because sometimes I forget what that person would look like and other times, it's trying to break old habits.

It also goes beyond just being that kind of person but also include all that entails, the struggle, the triumph, the failures and the journey there.

An easier way to think about it is I want to be able to love and respect the person I see in my reflection. I want to become that person where if I ever met the kid me, they would be proud.

I know that feeling of wanting to find a "soul mate" but I've gotten more realistic about it, and also the idea of a soul mate is poorly defined. So, I realize what I want out of a relationship is a journey that I can share with someone that I can connect with at a level where we can keep bringing the best out in each other.
Probably not, I'd have to change my entire setup to accommodate M+KB.

I would need a table that is level enough with the chair for comfortable KB+M in front of my TV. Then have to put that away after I'm done.
I meant on Android Pay. I used it twice during that promo.
Damn it, I knew I should have finished collecting them. I got two and stopped.
You may have checked off something and subscribed to those emails, I remember the option appearing when I was setting up Google Home. You can turn it off, I just don't remember where that setting is.
>Since a lot of companies base the success of a game on day-one or week-one sales figures, even if you do return a game two weeks post-release, your purchase was counted as a sale, added to the ever-important early sales figures and will encourage them to continue doing business as usual.

You do know that distributors generally paid and bought their inventory before it even reaches consumer?

It's why you see massive sales for titles that don't sell well withing weeks. The retailers would have to clear out their stock ASAP since they've already paid for it but it's not moving as fast as they've predicted.

Preorder numbers for Game X from AAA publisher (assuming it's a AAA title) have little affect on the number of copies shipped to retailers. What they do tell is the trend on sales so the distributors know how much to order next time for Game Y from AAA publisher.

Preordering a game and then cancelling/returning does do something. It tells retailers and distributors that if a product stink, consumers don't want it. It will be the retailers and distributors who would have to deal with the lost. 

What do you think will happen next if massive amount of consumers exercise that right?

Retailers and distributors are going to push back against publishers on the number of inventory they're willing to buy.

Not preordering hurts smaller publishers than it does for big publishers. As I've mention earlier, preordering shows trend and serves more of a signal as to how much they will stock for a publisher/developer's next title. 

If AAA publishers can't move preorders, they can simply shift incentive/marketing to get people to buy Day 1/launch period again which again comes back to consumer self-control and them doing their research. If consumers continue to ignore negative reviews, they're still going to be sway by marketing ads and pick up day 1 instead of preordering.

Before preorder bonuses, retailers use to offer bonuses around Day 1/launch period in limited supplies.

I actually like the shift to preorder bonuses and securing that bonus instead of going to the store, hoping the employees doesn't hoard the bonus and claim they are out.
Hahahahaha, my ex is ISFJ and she constantly look up things about anger management.
And what's stopping people from cancelling? What's stopping people from not opening a game to see the reviews first? Most retailers offer a 2 week return period, some up to a month.

Nothing is stopping them. 

The only point that anyone has is if they preorder digitally despite poor consumer laws/policies on digital purchases, and paying full price.

Preordering, these days is never about scarcity. Almost no one talks about preordering because they're worry about something selling out outside of niche titles. These days is about securing deals and bonuses.

I've had zero trouble cancelling games that I catch scent that it's going to be terrible. I've returned unopened game with ease a week after release, and keep the bonus because I waited for reviews first.

It's not some set in stone done deal, unless you preorder digitally.

People just need to exercise their consumer rights and a little bit of self-control.
Which is a terrible argument since it's preaching to people who never cared enough about the direction of gaming in the first place to do their due diligence on research.

So whether they preorder or not, these are the kind of people who would have bought the game during launch period.

The responsibility lies with the buyer if they refuse to cancel even after hearing negative reviews about the game.

It's like saying all credit cards are bad because some people have trouble controlling their finance and put themselves in debt.

Preordering is a tool, if someone has done their research and are responsible then it works to their advantage. If someone lack self control, or are negligent about their purchases then it doesn't really make a difference if it's preorder or not, they're still likely to buy games that are being slated.
Like most online retailers in the US, your card is charge only when it ships.

Hence why that whole movement against preorder is idiotic because you aren't putting any money down until it ships.
I agree and that was my first thought too. I don't plan to buy it day one, and will wait and see. It's still a bit vague on what it can do. 

The thing looks fun to build but like you said, it's missing the creativity elements that comes along with Legos or any of the creative learning toys. Those are the kind of toys that have a more sandbox play style. They serve more as tools than a rigid design product. 

Had Nintendo offer a software where you can program your own game/app to use with Labo, then it is truly something for creativity. 
Maybe some kids but I've learned responsibility by breaking things, and things not being replaced.

So I've learned to fix things, and try not to break it again.

Carefully put together didn't teach me responsibility other than just making sure no one else touches it because they might break it.
I like this idea.
I'm not sure you understand what it means to have an existential crisis.

Because having an existential crisis would mean you would have realize that the answer you give is not satisfying, and that simply conforming and blindly following that is what likely caused it in the first place. When you realize that everything feels futile and that you have freedom to choose but you none of the knowledge and wisdom to choose the best choice.

It's not about simply having kids, it's more of finding the best mate/partner and realizing that you may not have done your due diligent when you chose to spend your life with that single person. It's that feeling where you question yourself and think, maybe it would have been better to be single. It's that anxiety that death is inevitable and that there is no redo where you have to accept your choices.

It's that lonely and depressing feeling that you'll never truly see the furthest extent of your action and influence on the grand scheme of things. It doesn't matter if it's 0% or 100%, it's the fact that you simply will never know.

It's that feeling knowing that you will end but everything else will keep on going as if you've never existed.

It has never been about purpose but rather about the choices you make, could have made and will have to make, as well as the unanswerable questions on top of knowing your time is finite.

"To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all." - Oscar Wilde

Your post would be the latter. Whereas someone who faces existential crisis is someone who truly wants to live, and may not feel like they have met that goal.
So it's not really an escape the room type if you only got like one or two puzzle.

It also wouldn't be very fun if you have to constantly buy more just to have the full experience.

It may as well just be a monthly puzzle subscription.
My guess is that it will be a fitbit like device for the Switch. 
I can relate, that was a big issue in all my serious relationships.

The idea of not needing to talk to someone daily blows most people's mind.

Though thinking back, I use to be able to speak to someone daily as a kid/teen. I can't even remember how I was able to do that. 
idle*
It's always strange to me how people manage to constantly keep talking to their friends nearly everyday.

For me, there are friends I only speak to and see about 2-4 times a year. Each time, we just pick up where we left off.

Other friends, on a more frequent basis which is about once every week or two.

Also, I like not having to talk to someone all the time. It condense the fluffs into something more concise and to the point.

This way, I don't need to hear about how mediocre someone's day is for 10 day straight. Instead, if I wait about 2 weeks, I can get the overall picture of 10 days being mundane, and maybe that 1 or 2 highlight that occur between the last conversation and current.

If it's something worth reaching out to me, sure, I'm all ears but don't come to me with the same self-inflicted BS that happens everyday or gossips about people I don't know nor care about.
It has it's own story but the entire game plays nearly exactly like Etrian Odyssey.
It is, it's just a reskin of Etrian Odyssey.
Nintendo said they're not looking into VR nor 4K.

https://arstechnica.com/gaming/2018/01/nintendo-is-not-hopping-on-the-vr-bandwagon-any-time-soon/

Also, the current iteration of Switch would not be able to incorporate VR. The screen isn't good enough nor is the hardware capable of VR gaming.

The Switch has to be able to push at least 120 FPS so people don't get a headache. The Switch as is currently is barely capable of 60 fps without dynamic resolution.

Also, the screen is 720p and awfully big at it. So cut some part out, and you'll end up with far less than 480p per eye.
Depends on the game. If it's something that I see fits couch co-op then most likely switch. Except fighting games, those are on the PS4. 

Just about everything else will be on PS4 Pro especially if it's a game where I feel like I would want to capture video and screenshots.

I don't take my Switch outside unless I'm going to hang out at a friend's house. 
I don't squint. I give a weird eyebrow look.
Probably not, the game barely sold in Japan and had lower reviews.
Finish your degree since you're so close to finishing.

But starting now, start looking into what you need to do to get a career in filming. Make it a hobby.
Streetpass is quite different in how it works compare to cloud-saving where Streetpass is an always-on active background feature.

Cloud-saving are generally timed and/or event based function. So most of the time, it's hardly taking up any process thus very minimal impact on the battery.
Well, if designed properly like smartphones then you can set frequency of backup, and something like sync only when docked/detect charging.
I've had issues with losing game save files mainly due to a bad backup. Or worse like when my PS3 died out of the blue.

It was cloud saving that help me salvage some of my save data.
Not saying it's unreasonable but I'm speaking hypothetical here and if people had to pick one. (Just to see what people value more)

Realistically speaking though, chances are if they will add cloud saving and having the price for the services would go up.
Because using an aftermarket headunit may break certain features/functions, or you'll need to replace more than just the headunits to make sure everything is functioning properly.

I don't really like the headunit for the Civic 2016 but replacing it means a headache to figure out solutions to climate control, steering wheel button control, using the car mic, rear view camera, security controls, and bluetooth intergration on my driver interface.

A lot of cars these days have all sorts of integration to the stock headunit for anything above the basic trims that makes it a huge headache outside of enthusiast with money to blow.
The capactiive buttons is one of the reason why I like HTC phones.

It also makes using the phone at glance a lot easier.
It's also available in HK.

Hopefully, US will see it within this week.
People have always lost things. It has always been common for people to lose handheld devices. There are people who forget their laptop and just walk away.


Only just recently in the last 3 years, on PSVita (digital only) and PS4. Two of the Versus game made it out, and now the new Breaker game is coming West for PS4.
Definitely, but for me, one of the biggest point was that that year most of the other cars in the similar level did not have AA.

Since it was the first of a new gen, there was also a bigger risk of issues that had yet to worked out. 

I took my chance (luckily I didn't get the Touring trim, that trim had a ton of issues) when I picked the civic. 
It certainly play a huge factor into my car purchasing decision about two years ago.

Civic 2016 end up being one of the highest selling car for that year. 
That's probably the next game (aiming for the platinum since I got Platinum for the first game) I'm tackling in my backlog after Yakuza 0.
I mean when communicating with my IRL friends when online.
Most of the friends I've made IRL don't care for dank memes and aren't into the things I'm into.

The ones that do share a more similar humor to me are the ones I've made online and eventually met in real life. I speak to them more than I do with my IRL friends.
I don't necessarily download all my digital games so it doesn't take up space.

As for storing physical copy, when it comes time for that, I usually take a look to see which came I'll never touch again or consider touching and trade those in.
Asian INTP (US).

It doesn't get better in people understanding you even when I lived here my whole life.

It can be much harder to navigate sometimes trying to deal with a huge diversity of cultures combine with different personalities. Where being blunt is sometimes okay to some people but other times not, preferred in some cultures, and rejected by others.

Your best bet is make a lot of friends and filter out the ones that don't add meaning to your life. You're bound to find someone you can connect with on a more satisfying level. 
Digital makes me less inclined to play since it's more of a "out of sight, out of mind" thing.

Physical copies take up space in my room whether I am sitting in front of my PS4 or not. So games piles up and I see it.

I've started tackling my backlog because it's becoming more of a problem than I'd like to admit. 

Whereas digital, the games I ignore gets tucked away in an abyss of a folder I rarely check. 
The Switch version has the DLC included.

The most definitive version is the PS4 version with alternative routes  but you need to buy the dlc separately. 
I'd consider this game if there was a standard physical release. The LE isn't worth the asking price. 
Sorta, except I lose them. Maybe a little notebook isn't a bad idea.

I usually put it in my phone but since I'm not exactly organized, most idea gets lost in the shuffle.
Just go to any that has a dorm on the campus.

Your undergrad experience is what you make of it.
Thanks for the clarification, the title makes it hard to tell.
Preorder cancelled! 
Say hi then say you're doing a quick survey.

Say you're surveying the number of coffee vs. tea person. Depending on how she respond, say you like the opposite or something.

Then invite her to either a coffee shop or a tea place, depending on what she answered. 
It's sorta random. Sony gifts random users with $10 PSN credit all the time.

Sometimes, it's to entice customers who haven't check the PSN store to buy things. 
The game was never redeemed because I didn't download the game.

Apparently, you had to start the download in order for the game to be redeemed via code. I couldn't start the download because I had no space at the time.

Every other digital service I've used, all you need to do is confirm but eShop was the odd duck.

So fast forward when I cleared up space on the tiny WiiU drive, I went to my download list and the game wasn't there.

Spoke with Nintendo CSR, and learned the hard way that you had to actually download the game to redeem it to your account. Told me nothing they can do about it since the code already expired (it was from Club Nintendo before they shut down).

I'm just glad this is no longer the case with eShop on the Switch, at least to my knowledge.
Well, if you don't then chances are nothing will ever happen.

Hi, want to grab some tea or coffee?
There is no incentive now vs. just a few days before release. Either way, you can preload on the same day.

If you wait a few days before at the very least you have more information and have taken the time to decide if you really want the game.

If you preorder now, you're locked in.
As a WiiU owner, I'm not salty. The fewer reasons I have to pull it out, the better.

The only games keeping me from selling it are Smash, Windwaker, Twilight Princess, and I guess the part where the Wii BC is hacked on my system.

I can now also trade in my copy of Hyrule Warriors. So glad I didn't buy the Season Pass and DLCs.
I'm not saying getting microtransaction on the Switch will be an issue.

It's more of a matter if Take Two is convince there is a strong enough base on the Switch that will play GTA online and pay for microtransaction.
Animal Crossing is about the closes to some expectation. Aside from that I wasn't expecting much.

I really doubt GTA V is coming to the Switch unless R* can get GTA Online running on the Switch with all the microtransaction. Take Two current strategy for 2018 is microtransaction everything.
I'm fine with eastern ones since that's the bulk of my game purchase.

But you're right, one of the reason why PSVita failed was the lack of western support. It had plenty of eastern support.
It's better to wait on preordering digital especially in the US. All sales are final.

There is zero incentive to preorder now instead of a few days just before when you're absolutely sure and have more info about the game.
Cloud Storage would be nice since there is no way to back up saves at the moment.

Party Chat, there hasn't been a game on the Switch that I feel like it really needs it (Aside from Splatoon 2 but I've stop playing that). No upcoming game feels like I would need it either.

I'm not really in a rush to throw out $20 for another online service especially since the Switch is the system I use for local multiplayer/exclusives.
Maybe TWEWY, and Hyrule Warriors. I have the WiiU version but I skipped the season pass and DLCs so depending on the price, I may rebuy it.

Most likely Mario Tennis, and Donkey Kong: Tropical Freeze (every time I see this, I remember how Nintendo's piss poor eShop screwed me out of the game).

I just wish they've announced My Nintendo Switch rewards before the coins go poof.

Paid online and VC, I can take it or leave.
No, he's just an NPC giving you some balloon quests.
This:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0uZX60akANU
Amazon has done stealth cancellation in the past if they screw up big enough.

The last time they've stealth cancelled on me was for an Echo Dot about 3 months back when they accidentally made the Echo Dot offer available to everyone instead of with Audible.
Hahaha, yeah.
Kitty.
No, this is standard and has nothing to do with direct. 

I get these emails all the time for any preorder products that they decide to remove the placeholder date instead of keep pushing back a placeholder date.
I don't have too much trouble conversing people with Fi. It's only when they really start drilling down on my own feelings and such is when I start becoming a bit too vague for their liking.
I don't think it's an issue of people not knowing what to play. It's more of finding the motivation to play a game from the backlog.
Direct is where Nintendo does their announcements for new games/new info.

The whole 1/11 direct is based on a rumor, and escalated from speculations. So fanboys are hyping themselves like no tomorrow over the possibility that there will be the rumor announcement for the rumor direct.

Nothing official has been confirmed.
There are people who take things personally like all the time. So even if the party that meant something literally, they'll still take it out of context and make it personal.

They'll never take words at face value and extrapolate from there.

Best way to counter this is to explain it and offer some opening. Like "No, thanks, I have plans. Maybe another time?"
There were a few PSP release.
I'm pretty open minded about religion but it's more of the fact that religion influence lifestyle and on morals/values.

So while I may not be bother by that fact a partner practicing a certain religion, it's the clash in culture/lifestyle/values that makes it hard.

And I've experience that clash in different culture/lifestyle/values. It makes it hard especially when it's in direct opposition. So don't just look at the face value of what religion they believe in but rather how it influences their lifestyle and belief system.

If you are indeed looking at the long term, you will need to sit down and speak to him. It's crucial to know if this will mesh well with yours.

Also, pay attention to other aspects such as how they deal with their finances.

One of the leading indicator of a successful relationship/marriage is similar/matching credit scores.
Yes but I've decided to start tackling some of my backlog. I never finished P5 but I've picked it again and now I'm almost done.

I've decided to just play more games on easy mode and finish game instead of trying to beat games on hard only to end up never finishing it.
>Or is it even possible to be really depressed without dramatic events in your life that you can't control?

Yes, it's very possible.

Also, I'm not sure how to divide up responsibility for one's own mental state but when someone is going through depression, there are some stuff just out of their control.

However, at the end of the day, the responsibility and what transpire will still exist. Pulling a "I was depress" card won't magically make all pieces that fell apart suddenly come back together. 

Say you're depress and you haven't tried to even make contact with friends/ignored them for over a year. Saying I was depress doesn't make up for the fact that you've ignored your friends.

While at the same time, depression happens and it's not a choice. Decisions will become cloudy, and you lose most if not all your will to do anything. But at the same time, one can take steps to manage it and sometimes surround themselves with people who can help pick up where you cannot.

At the end of the day, life keeps moving if you're not feeling well. 
Being on the same page about religion or at least how to handle the difference in religion is important if you want to have a long term relationship.

Two months seems okay but I guess it depends on comfort level.

For me, I'm not religious and I don't see myself ever committing to a religion. So, if religion is important to whomever I am seeing then it will likely be a deal breaker.

Even if I myself can tolerate being with someone who's sorta religious (not a devoted one), I intend on raising my kids to question everything and don't buy into something so easily. I want them to form their own conclusion if it's something they themselves truly value and believe.

This can be seem as "not being on the same team" or lack of loyalty by some.

Also, then there is a matter of family. Conflict with a religious family is stressful.

Since I'm not religious, I'm sure to feel some of those not so subtle passive aggressive hints from at least one of the family member that I'm going to be damned in hell for being a non-believer.

Also, INTP aren't the type to constantly bring up issues if it causes conflict but it doesn't mean it's not in the back of their mind.

One of my ex is extremely right wing. I'm more social liberal, and lean more moderate left. Brought it up once or twice, and I never wanted to bring it up again since she felt she was being attacked whenever we had any discussion about politics. 

So whenever the topic was brought up, I always tried to avoid it but deep down I knew that was going to be one of the reason why it didn't work out.

So, yeah, it's definitely something to talk about soon if you're planning to be serious.
I think the most damning thing and a big middle finger to fans is the fact that Nintendo has given out exclusive pins and bottles at Nintendo related events if you check in using your My Nintendo account.

If you're going to produce My Nintendo rewards, even if it's pin, just make it available to everyone instead of these events that not everyone can make it to.
Because pictures are worth a thousand words. =D

GIF, a few hundred thousands.
It's not. It cycles periodically and seems to be gears toward what you don't normally buy.

Since I buy digital cards a few times a year, they've long stop offering me.

I buy movies, they never offer me those. I've used Pantry once or twice and it still hasn't gone back to digital credit.

Instead I get things like Luxury Beauty and other things I don't use.
I would love that since I buy movies once in a while. They're offering me $5 off Luxury Beauty products which absolutely useless to me.

Before that it was a bunch of other stuff I don't need or use.

I think they offer credits once they figure out what stuff you wouldn't normally buy to entice you to buy more. But screw them, I rather choose the fast available shipping for free and keep the stress on Amazon to deliver in a timely fashion.
I wouldn't know for Europe. It's 1 year for NA.
I'm pretty much on time if not too early (not because I'm late but I've miscalculate how late my friends can be sometimes).

Edit: fixed typo
A little lighter on analysis than I was hoping for but what can you do with only reddit responses.
Probably not since there was no tracking method nor is the game looking for these accomplishments.

To retroactively apply it would take too much work for very little to no return, and can create more bugs going forward.
Your chance to redeem them into your account expires in March. Your chance to use the coins for a reward expires one year after you collected the coin.

So if you collect today, you have until 1/8/19 to use the gold coins for a reward. If you wait until after 3/3/2018, then you can't even collect the gold coins onto your account.
You have one year to collect, and basically one year after earning the coin to redeem them.

So if you buy the game at release and collect it on the last day from release, then you have one year to use them.
OP is wrong. It's one year after game release date.

>Gold Points for physical games must be claimed within one year of the games original release date.

http://en-americas-support.nintendo.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/16609
It's one year after the game release date to redeem the coins.
Unlikely since development started about 3-4 years ago.
I can understand using fake info to sign up for free crap but for things where you put time and money into? Why use fake info?
Hmm, kinda limiting that you can only pick one. I usually go for the place that gives me the best deal and best value so it could be Amazon, Best Buy, or where ever.
My handwriting actually varies quite a bit depending on my focus and clarity of thoughts.

When I'm so caught up and things seem to flow, my handwriting gets a bit sloppy. When I'm more in a rut, it's a lot neater.
I wouldn't go back to an ex. It didnt work out for a reason and at this point, I've already have worked out why it didn't work.

Even if my exes matured and everything, I still don't want to mainly because I've also done some of my own maturing. Who I was and who they were are different from who I am and who they are now.

Goals are different, personality changes, and just about everything else. 

Also, people tend to fall back into old habits when dealing with familiar people.

I would only reconsider if I haven't seen them for long enough that we are almost complete strangers, and we have both matured towards a path that aligns.

So, depending on how your relationship went and how it ended, you have a very small chance but don't hold your breath. It also has to be natural since forcing it will likely come off as manipulative. 
Not just smartphones but the prologue episode shows a tablet and in Sakura's room, a flat screen LCD TV.
It depends on what you're trying to do but ARM is developed to be more modern and power efficient from the get go. Easiest way to be power efficient is making sure things run smoother and easier.

Also, keep in mind that more and more devices uses ARM these days than x86 thanks to the ever growing need for battery powered devices.

x86 trades power efficiency for more complex processing power.
Not a deal breaker. I've only used the IR Blaster maybe a handful of time when I owned the M7 for 3 years.
Give her space. I don't even know why you need to cling on so bad to validate the friendship.

If you are truly her friend, then respect that.

Though, it's too late now but keep that in mind when dealing with people who are generally independent.

>She tells me don't tell her what to do, and yet I see she allows her parents to take control of her life a bit way too much.

So what? That doesn't make it right for you to take control either. Also, it's her prerogative as to who she chooses to listen to.

Don't know about her but I have a rank system tied strongly to different situations/scenarios on who I listen to. It's not always appreciated when someone crosses too far into my business to tell me what I should or should not do. I keep those lines there for a reason because I trust people with certain things, not everything.

>It's my overly protective and helpful side as an ISFJ that forced me to act irrationally (and also because I harbor romantic attraction... >_>). I had to make sure she wasn't depressed.

That's one of the fastest way to push an INTP away.

INTPs are generally very independent individuals, and aren't fond of people who seek attention and/or clingy.

It's exhausting to deal with attention seeker/clingy people.

>sometimes end up stumped specially when she goes abstract and intellectual-like

That's also an issue for INTP. It's hard to engage in deep conversation when the other party doesn't understand.
If you find it on sale for $25 and under, I say it's definitely worth it.

The single player can be a bit tedious and annoying but it's great for local multiplayer.

It's one of those games I keep around for friend gatherings.
Is it this:
https://sea.play-asia.com/taiko-no-tatsujin-drum-session-english-subs/13/70bcor
If you're deeply entrench in the Apple Ecosystem and have plan to add smarthome stuff to your house, then the Apple TV is worth it.

I sold mine to a coworker (look up DirecTV Now on getting an Apple TV for $140), and he loves it.

Personally, I love my Nvidia Shield TV and bought it as an impulse buy about 3 years ago since it was ~$175 and a new product. It's amazing how Nvidia is still supporting it.

It's much easier to use for streaming with a more dedicated device, and updates are more frequent for those streaming apps.
I have family plan with T-mobile, and if I switch to their unlimited plan it works out to ~$36 per person. 

It's pretty good for most of US unless you live in more rural area.


I think it's more that INTP do understand emotions but just don't know how to deal with them, and often pass it off as not understanding it.

I understand emotions just fine to the point where I can easily empathize but I have no idea how to deal with them half the time. Like I can empathize when someone is sad but I honestly couldn't tell you how I want to be treated when I'm sad or what would make me happy.

So, it's easy to fall to logic and reason because that's generally how I overcome emotional issues.
I enjoyed SotC but I could not get into TLG.

I thought I'd enjoy it but the game never really felt like it clicked with me.

It's hard to say since I feel like this is one of those games that will either click with the player, or it won't. Reviews doesn't really seem to help determine that.

Maybe watch some video and see if you like what you see?
Look up reviews on the TV and see how bad the input lag for the model.

Or:

Hook up your PS4 to a bunch of different TV/monitors with low input lag and see if you still have issue, or try a bunch of PS4 for that TV.

Edit: Misread, I thought you were talking about your friend's TV.
Being a Verizon Wireless customer which is basically the most expensive cellphone option.
When it comes to stealing, it's not about the retail value but rather the ease it is to sell it.

It's why most thieves rarely go after smartphones since it can be blacklisted/disable remotely. When that happens, it makes selling it hard and thus not worth the risk and effort to steal it.

If they steal a Switch, they can sell it without the device being a brick.
I think I've only seen about 3 people on the subway with their switch out so far. I've seen more PSVita on my subway rides than I did for Switch in 2017.

Anyway, I feel like most people don't want to take out something new and sells like hotcake. It's safer when it's more common place and resell ease isn't as high.

I much rather take out my smartphone to play games since it's more discrete and doesn't scream steal from me.
I have the UK one but I think I'll pass. I actually like having two different colors instead of having the same.

At 3 pairs of joy-cons, that's more than I use on a regular basis. I just hope they have some unique special edition Joy-Cons in the future.
Or it could be related to the actual refund, and depending on the CSR who handle the refund marked it.


Probably Nakama, or The Road Eternal.

Nakama is somewhat bittersweet since to find those genuine bonds and experience it but at the same time, know it cannot last forever. To me, that is one of the purist form of truly being alive.

The saddest part to Nakama though is the fact that you live your last life being truly alone.

The Road Eternal is also nice since it would satisfy my curiosity on the endless possibility without much holding me back in terms of obligations. But at the same time, it seems a bit too lonely of a journey.
Pretty sure it will come to the US since Brazil got the game rated so NA announcement is probably around the corner.
Chargeback and refund are two very different things. Chargeback are marked as fraud so if a customer uses chargeback because they can't get a return, they are lying to the credit card company.

Also, the account is not permanently suspended. If you payback what the consumer claimed as fraud then your account is released.
Not the case, I've seen quite a few people mention they can no longer use debit/credit card on their account after one refund request.
I never had issues with Play-Asia, and they are the cheapest option if you want to import any physical Asia English copy.

Customs will vary depending on your country. I never had issue for US.
Yeah, this is definitely more about dominating in the relationship  and a push for power especially since it's about him looking strong/weak to others. 

Is this the only matter where he's stubborn and refuses to listen and compromise? Or is this kind of behavior that occur quite a few times especially when it comes to big decisions? 

Will you be happy living a life where you serve to make him look strong? 


I didn't like the book Quiet. It's been a while since I've read it but I just remember something about it bothered me.

In any case, I recommend "The Life Changing Magic of Tidying Up" by Marie Kondo.
I think it's stupid, not really an INTP attitude. This is more of a power move.

If I ever find the person I want to marry, I wouldn't care if she kept her last name. Besides, it can be a real hassle to change all the official documents and such.
Also to add to this, the PS4 version works with PS3 and PC as well as have a headphone jack.
If you are already planning to buy the game near launch then it's better to just preorder the game.
OP wants the reverse. As far as I know the solution does not exist, maybe the cronusmax plus but I haven't read if it works for the RAP V switch version.  
Hahaha, this is good stuff.
My parents bought Titanicbot as a birthday present gift for my brother to bring as a birthday present one year.

IIRC, it floats in a bathtub.

My humor is dry/black/witty/absurdist. My sarcasm combine with my monotone has made it almost indistinguishable from normal statements. Very few are able to catch it.
Nope, 360 can do 1080p over component. But the problem was that most TV didn't have the hardware to handle 1080p over component.

One of the reasons why the HDMI port was added later on since most displays were equipped to do 1080p over HMDI.
http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/007/582/tumblr_lmputme3co1qa6q7k_large.png
You can't make someone do a long distance relationship if they don't want it.

It's bound to fail if doubts exist and if at least one side is no longer feeling invested in the relationship.

Long distance relationship involves a lot of work and really good communication since it has to make up for the lack of intimacy and distance. 

There also needs to be a strong level of trust too. 

So unless both of you see a potential future for the long term, and I'm talking about long like marriage then it's not going to work out. 
>Xbox360 and PS3 used HD (720p), which was the original version of 'high definition'.

That's not true. A lot of games tend to be 720p but both the 360 and PS3 are capable of 1080p. There were quite a few games that ran at 1080p on the 360 and PS3.
Don't shut your Fi, rather just don't let it dominate the conversation.

Not to say you should allow all logic either but a happy medium between the two.
Well yeah. PS4 has double the user base and these kind of games fit the PS audience far more than Xbox.
That depends on the state and how they treat digital goods. In some states, digital goods have a different set of tax laws and isn't treated the same as physical goods. So even if the company has a presence in state, depending on the state, they don't have to charge tax on digital goods. 
Sounds normal for an intp. I get really quiet and take forever, like 10 or more minutes to answer questions especially ones that involves my own feelings. My exes struggled to understand that about me.

It's not easy since Fi is an INTP lowest possible function and it's often drowned out by Fe. So, it gets very confusing because empathize with the person I'm listening to and speaking with but my own feelings on the matter is hard to pinpoint especially if it's a bundle of feelings. Also, I get caught in this loop of anticipated responses depending on what I say, and then how to respond to those predicted responses. 

If the person approaches me with a very neutral/relax approach, not angry or overly enthusiastic, I can give a better response and faster too.

As for his response to rants, intp are problem solver by using logic and reasoning. He's not dismissing at all, if he was, you would probably have heard a one word answer like "okay". 

So when he's giving you a thought out answer, your rant is acknowledged and he's offering you the other perspective because to INTP, it's important to know different perspectives and approach from many angles.

I recommend just be more blunt and rein back on feeling too frustrated because INTP are picking up the current mood. So if you are constantly frustrated, he'll sense it and it will just lead to more tense responses. 
That only applies to physical goods. The law on digital goods is different.

IIRC, there are only about twelve states that makes tax on digital goods mandatory. 
They shouldn't but Nintendo does it. IIRC, there are only twelve states where tax on digital goods are mandatory.

It's one of the reasons why I don't like buying stuff on eShop because they tax despite NY not being a state where digital tax is mandatory.

Edit : you seem to be from Canada so I'm not sure what tax laws are like over there. However, Nintendo is one of the few companies that add the tax in even when it's optional or in the grey. 
The general consensus is that the pro is more comfortable than a single joy-con.

Better than the Wii days but playing on a single joy-con isn't exactly luxury either. The stick and button placement aren't symmetrical either making it slightly awkward whereas the pro is symmetrical in placement.
Comfort is one of the biggest advantage which allows better responses.

One of the biggest complaints I've gotten from friends when playing MK8 is how tiny the controllers are making it difficult to hold. 

That's not an issue with pro. 
If it's mostly you, pro. But if it's usually 3, than joy con.

I like to keep things fair when it comes to multiple players so no one can blame someone for having the better controller or have people scramble for the better controller. 
Yup, being developed by insomniac. Which I would also recommend Ratchet and Clank. 
Yakuza 0 is a nice title, watch some of the YouTube video to get an idea. But basically you play as this guy who's part of a Yakuza and sorta like an rpg mixed with GTA plus a bit of absurdist humor.

Infamous Second Son is a launch title but it's still good if you ever want to play a game running around like a super hero. 

Persona 5 deserves its praise if you're into JRPG. Don't worry about playing older ones, each number title are standalone.

If your looking for rhythm games, Project Diva. Djmax Respect is also coming out early next year, ps4 exclusive.

Everybody's Golf is a very good golf game even if you're not really into golf. There is not another game like it. You create your cartoonist avatar and just go around golfing at a resort. Something about how they present and how the game plays make golf feel very satisfying. 

Wipeout Collection is worth owning it you want a good futuristic racing game. Be warn, the higher difficulty would make you wish you had the reflex of a Jedi. 
Hmm, I don't know if it's worth it for two exclusives (I know Uncharted is multiple titles).

However, if you are willing to explore and expand into other exclusive titles then it's worth it. 

There are plenty of PS4 exclusive worth checking out. 

Apologize and move forward. That's all you can do in the short term.

Long term is learn from this and mature as a person.

I've nearly lost a good friend back in college because I was foolish and immature. It took over a year of not talking to each other and awkwardness afterwards before our friendship got back on track. She's now one of my closes friend.
While I don't follow any religion, I respect others in doing so provided they aren't out trying to convert as many as they can.

If they choose to believe at their own accord, and aren't forcing their religion on others or using their religion to infringe on other people's right/privacy then it's fine. People need something to believe in sometimes.

I do have issue with those that starts forcing their religious belief as the only right/morally good path onto others. That's where generally religion starts rubbing me the wrong way.
I am born and raised in NYC and been here for most of my life. Hispanics and Blacks do have their own churches. 

Hispanics have their own racism against between Hispanic race.

While blacks not so much mainly because most of the blacks here have no idea where their ancestors were from, and most are mix.

The crucial difference between the hispanic and asian community is language barrier. Despite each the fact there are many different ethnicity, most Hispanic speaks Spanish where as Asians have their own language.

So if issues arise against their ethnicity, language is one fewer barrier in working together for Hispanics and Blacks. That allows information to move and to unite.

But I do agree, there has to be more unity within the Asian community where the message and voice is more clear and consistent.
But does the end justify the mean? Shaming works to an extent but does it build a more positive community? I don't think it does and instead just creates a different toxic element to a community. 

I think it's a better approach for AM to push through media and change public perception first. 

Maybe forgiveness isn't the right word but I don't think there is much can be done to change the minds of those convinced WMAF is the way to go especially the ones doing it for social climb. It doesn't mean that I don't think these discussions shouldn't happen just not in the way where some of the arguments make AF that worship WM as demon but instead towards disappointment and "forgive" (which doesn't mean to forget). 

The difference is that when some of these arguments make them out to be like demon/bitches then it dehumanizes them and that leads to more ammo for them to say why WM is better even if it's hypocritical. But by leaning towards disappointment and "forgive", it's more humanizing and leaves some room for a more open discussion in the future.

In my experience, the whole shaming and trying to regulate doesn't seem to work on AF because a lot of the perception comes from the idea that AM are controlling as fuck (even if it's hypocritical). So, I think the better approach is "forgive", express disappointment, and improve the AM image. Rather than enforce what is perceived to be a flaw in AM, I rather have a seed planted for the moment where the cognitive dissonance breaks, and at which point, AM pushes for a better image. 

It doesn't do good, if things are done because everyone in the community feels forced and only fostered negativity and resentment. 
I think Kevin Kreider is right. Most people end up double downing on their flaws and habits when faced with stark criticism whether it's true or not. When someone is on the defensive, they don't listen. 

So forgiving is a good way to start but not the final answer which Kreider has already suggested AM to improve themselves aka be the bigger/better person, and changing the perception of what it means to be an AM. 
Honestly, not carrying my wiiu with all the controllers and wires just for Mk8. 
The explorer edition is meant for black Friday only so now they're just clearing those stock out. 
This is a huge YMMV since most Walmart do not have it at this price. Walmart Clearance like this are generally not nationwide. 
It's managing expectations and avoiding lawsuits. If they announced online pay when it's ready after people who bought the switch, then people would feel deceive and be piss that they weren't made aware at the time of purchase.

At least now, no one can claim they weren't aware without being ignorant. 
Call their support, only they can do something about it. Did you get an email for the transaction?
It could be the dock and TV just not playing nice together. On my friend's dock connected to her brother's TV, it kept losing signal and we had three different switch at the time to test.

Whenever it loses signal, we had to fidget with the wire, unplug and replug a few times before it works. 
Would it stop me from enjoying it? No.
Would it stop me from supporting it? Good chance. 

If their work is legitimate good, then that by itself has its own merit. However, I would not want them to continue gaining in power when their work supports their life style. With money, corrupt people can afford better lawyers so even if someone isn't convicted, it does not mean they haven't done anything. 

So, while it's innocent until proven guilty, I am reluctant to support someone especially if there are multiple accusations. 
You're better off making her start over.

Since your birthday information is tied to the account (can't change it), and it wouldn't do her good if she keeps adding to that account and have some issue one day.
The only game eligible right now is far cry 5. OP may be mistaken. 
If it's subtle, it's easily missed and ignored thus defeating the purpose of the label.

It's noticeable and hard to miss because it's not subtle, and clashes with the art.
http://en-americas-support.nintendo.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/16555

>Gold Points for physical games must be claimed within one year of the games original release date.
You have a year to use them.
She doesn't owe you anything nor does she have to voice chat with you.

You're taking this way too personal, and maybe you've been giving indication that you and her don't connect at a more personal level.

Don't know about her but as an INTP, I generally don't open up too much to people who are way too emotional or takes thing too personally since they are generally the first to fail to understand me or where I'm coming from.
Coco.
There wasn't any doubt but nice to have a confirmation. 
Developers aren't going to make two different loot systems. What's likely to happen is that big AAA third party developers will conform to the stricter standard for their big titles. Smaller titles will start becoming exclusive for the system with looser guidelines.

The mid size and smaller developers will move towards the looser guidelines since it's now more profitable to do so.

For PS4/Xbox One, this gen is nearly done. But for next gen, if these guidelines come to play, developers will shift their support to the one with looser guidelines.

The majority of gamers/casual buyers will shift accordingly to which games offer more exclusives since brand loyalty was never their thing.
The one who has looser guidelines will have the edge. That's what happen with indies. Sony had looser guidelines and indies flocked to them.

https://www.wired.com/2013/04/sony-indies/

MS guidelines is most likely different now but the fact is, developers move towards companies with looser guidelines.
Dude, sorry to hear that. 

I don't blame you for trusting him since he's your gf's friend.
If Sony does it and MS doesn't or one of them have a far looser guidelines, what do you think will happen?

Neither one of them are going to openly give their competitors an edge. 
>They should then start creating more strict guidelines about the type of lootboxes used and how they are implemented

That would require a combination of collaboration by Sony and MS, and potentially the government.

The problem with that idea of creating strict guidelines is that it normalizes loot boxes as a standard even further. Suddenly, it's okay to have lootboxes as long as it follows the guidelines.

I think the best solution is to classify lootboxes as gambling by law. 

In doing so, publishers who want to sell a game with a rating below AO won't be able to implement lootboxes. 
>The whole reason we buy consoles instead of mobile games is because they are supposed to have higher quality content and none of the bullshit that comes with mobile games.

And adding odds will suddenly be better? At the end of the day, lootboxes will continue to exist. 

Knowing the odds don't really stop people from gambling.

What it does allow is for more legal intervention from government and consumers if the odds don't match the claim. 

First step is people need to accept the fact that lootboxes is gambling, otherwise you shouldn't need odds. 

The reason why Apple is taking an active approach is because iOS have more free to play that relies on microtransaction and loot boxes than you find on consoles. More than half the games on there are built on gacha approach.

Apple isn't taking the first step to cutout lootboxes. They're taking the first step to defending themselves from legal issues and against the government acting on them. Don't think Apple is doing this for their customers. Apple has a long history of legal battles regarding kids purchasing stuff off the App store too easily.

Chinese government already forces game companies to show the odds. Other governments are looking to do the same.

Lootboxes won't disappear with developers needing to display the odds.

While I do think developers should show the odds, I don't think it's on Sony nor Microsoft to "think of the children". I want less of that.

I already dislike the common attitude that games are for children, and thus certain content gets censored.

Also, kids shouldn't be able to purchase lootboxes without a parent's credit card. What the hell are the parents doing if they so easily pass a credit card to their kids to freely purchase lootboxes?

The way I see this going is odds are force to display for lootboxes is when more government step in. Whether people like it or not, I doubt companies are going to enforce such a rule unless legal and finance tells them to do so otherwise huge fine/legal mess.

Companies aren't your friend. Their slogans aren't promises.
I like a good driven story so generally single player games.

I dislike western RPG generally because most of them are fantasy theme (I just can't get into this theme, as with zombie/post-apocalyptic). I also dislike western RPG generally because they tend to be open world and have a weaker story in order to accommodate the non-linear structure.

I enjoy games with multiple ending depending on player choices. I just wish morality weren't so obvious in most of these games which is why I actually like David Cage's games. His game may not be a masterpiece level story but how he handles decision making is by far one of the better ones.
None, this happens often. It's why I preorder with Amazon since price guarantee locks you into these lower prices. 
The head turning is back in the newest update along with new emotes.
Yeah, I think most people confuse pleasure as being happy. Pleasure is external, and fleeting. While happiness is internal, and something more consistent.
I feel the same. I couldn't bring myself to finish the game. It didn't suck me in like older Zelda games.
The guy accusing wasn't pulled in until Spring of this year. He was pulled in to help with the Marketing/PR for Project Phoenix and notice strange movements in the funding.

Anyway, the guy who made this game is also the same guy who nearly screwed backers for another KS project, Under the Dogs. It was saved by another studio but the creator for Tiny Metal has a history for screwing KS backers.
Long story short, the developer/creator for Tiny Metal is accused of taking money from a Kickstarter Project, Project Phoenix, then using it to fund his own game leaving the KS project empty.

The accuser was someone brought in for Marketing/PR this year, who notice that there was something odd about the funding movement.

Also, the guy who made Tiny Metal nearly screwed backers for Under the Dog. Luckily, another studio picked it up. (I was a backer for this).

So yeah, now I know I don't want to give this guy money.

edit: got a detail mixed up. corrected
I'm hesitant about supporting this game especially with the controversy around it.
The perfect logician would have no concept of boring. Boredom is an emotion.
Just keep in mind that by importing, you don't get warranty. Repairs would also be a hassle.
Zelda and Mario aren't big at all in terms of assets. Zelda and Mario lack a lot of textures but makes up in style to cover that. They also lack a crap ton of audio dialogues compare to most games these days.

I'm not saying the Switch isn't doing fine, I have one. But cartridge itself has presented multiple issues.

It's already running into the same issue that happen with N64 and PS1 which is why FFVII jumped ship from Nintendo to Sony because cartridge was too limiting.

Download is a work around but how many games can you fit when modern/last gen AAA games are already asking for 7GB+ downloads?

If all you expect are mainly Nintendo games, then cartridge is perfect. If you want more modern AAA games, cartridge is a huge obstacle.
Yeah, I read them.
Think of it like this. If you break things up into region, you don't need a yes from all countries to release a game. If a region says no, they don't get the game. Their no won't hold every other region back. 

If it's one big region, you need a yes from everyone all the time before you can release a game. 
No, for example South Park. That game is heavily censored in Germany. 

Or how some games won't get cleared to be released in Australia.

Then what about Japan only games, where the language is only in Japanese.  EU wouldn't allow those games to be released. 
A 64 GB micro SD will barely hold anything for the Switch. Some of the third party titles require at least 7-14 GB of space on top of needing the cart. Then there are patches that games get.

Unlike the harddrive install method, the Switch has no way of overriding redundant files on the cartridge, it will be forced to take up space on either the flash memory (ill advised) or an SD card. 

Kind of hard to appreciate when big third party published games need their user to download 7+ GB. It's not going to get better, and 256 GB decent write speed micro SD cost more than a 2tb internal harddrive or a 4th external hard drive. 
I don't think you understand, if Sony combines the region, legal issues will not allow it. If combined, the entire PlayStation community would be subjected to the strictest of laws meaning censorship all around.

Not only that but every game will need to include a long list of languages or no release. Not feasible for most developers. 
Day 1 Buy from me. This was one of those games where I knew nothing about and bought it because of the cover, then loved the game. 
I also have the HTC 10 since release, my battery life is okay and leaves a lot to be desired. I can get about 4 hours using things like FB, webbrowsing, whatsapp, email, and such non stop.

Between heavy use of about 2 hours and standby, it last maybe 10 hours. So these days, I carry an external charger.

I've also dropped my phone a few time on hard floor and works just fine.

The biggest con really is just the battery. Everything else is pretty good.
It's your money. If you can justify buying a WiiU and two games, then go for it.

If you ask me, it's not worth it.
Everything works on a timeline. If they delay the game for all the other consoles it will screw up marketing, and production timeline. Delays mean a lot of money lost and generally reserved for necessary situation. It also will screw with finance, and budgeting doubly so if it's a tight one.

It's why publishers and developers rather these days chooses to push out a poorly run game and patch it over delaying.

Unless the releasing the Switch version can cover the cost for delay, rush development and optimization, and make a sizeable profit then it's not worth delaying the game for one system.
>neg someone

Ah, that's what it was. Something about the conversation was bothering me.
You can play it offline.
I wouldn't say my emotions are fake. However I do sometimes fake certain emotional response because it's expected, and to appear less robotic just to keep the conversation going smoothly.
https://i.giphy.com/media/VuWtVHkMjrz2w/giphy.webp
It doesn't make it anymore likely. It's a console exclusive to Xbox One.

iOS isn't a console.

Edit: typo
I can't think of any golf game that comes close or similar to Everybody's Golf.

It's a class of its own.
It was pretty good considering it's a movie in the middle of a planned trilogy. Also, I feel most of the people who are disappointed seem to expect something more like the old Star Wars movie (which somehow TFA still manage to disappoint by being too alike to ANH).

Overall, I still think Kylo is a crappy protagonist. It makes me wonder how TNO manage to function with a guy that has the maturity of a five year old in a position of power. It takes away all the intimidation and threats out of him.

But on the other hand, having a emotionally unstable and immature leader in control of the galaxy is a scary place.
Yeah but most app has a way of detecting that. Pokemon Go does this, and the only way around it is by rooting. 
If a phone is rooted/jailbreak, you can already easily fake location data.

Then there is an issue of security which there are already hacking issue with stationary e-voting booth so throw in an app combine with a rooted phone, then that makes it even easier for hackers.
Not a big deal. It's free to do so and for those who have preordered KH3 for that long, they should be locked into $41 thanks to a price mistake by Walmart.
I didn't say it is, I'm hoping for a price mistake from Walmart (which happens semi frequently) so Amazon will price match it, and then take advantage of price guarantee.

Also, Amazon discount only works on preorder only. No more two weeks after release. 
The original price is suppose to be $25 discounted to $20, at least that's what showing up on PSN.
It's better to preorder now since the price guarantee can lock you into prices way lower than the discount.

It happens every now and then, uncommon but not super rare. The price match is generally to Walmart who puts preorder discount greater than 20%.
Preordered. Hoping for a pricematch on a price mistake in the future.
Sole not soul. 
Puyo Puyo Tetris

Or use this to find co-op games:

http://www.co-optimus.com/games.php
Apply for college, and FAFSA. 

I chose to go away for college and take on loans. I worked during the summer and saved those money to pay for college.

I took on work study during the school year.

I got real good at managing budget and finance, and made sure to stretch the dollar to the limit. I signed up for a lot of survey studies and got paid for those.

That's basically how I survived college on a tight budget without resorting to ramen diet.

I think dorming definitely teaches you a lot about independence but be careful, I've known people where independence ruin them. They've failed to attend classes and/or spend too much time partying.

I started off on the wrong foot because I spent too much time doing nothing, not even partying.

Biggest regret - Not doing study abroad. It's about the only time you can explore another country/culture at a very leisurely pace and soak it in while hanging with friends.

Also, dorming as an undergrad can lead to life long friendship. Some of my closes friends are made in college.



As for advice on being financially independent:

The first and most important step: **Recognize wants from needs.**

Know what you need, and always prioritize those to make sure they are paid for/covered.

After that, make sure to save a portion of money per paycheck for upcoming large expense (and if you make enough, build a money nest).

After that, you are left with your disposable income.



How to spend your disposable income?

Don't just focus on saving, a lot of "Sales" are misleading. I can easily place a price tag of $100 on some item, and say it's 80% off and charge $20. But the item in reality has a value of maybe $15. 

Always do some research even if it seems trivial. After a while, you'll get really good at figuring out the value of something at glance.

So buy something that is of good value, not a good price or good sale.

Plan ahead on your purchases, **convenience** is the excuse a lot of people use to spend on things they think they need but really don't. Convenience should be for one-off occasions.

If it becomes a pattern/routine, then re-evaluate on a long term solution.

Edit: Go for public university, most of the time, they are decent and you won't accrue a huge debt.

If you have doubts about 4 year school, start with 2 years at a community college and apply to transfer to a 4 year school after. I've known people who has done this and are doing well.

Avoid those for-profit university like Phoenix University.
Which would probably never come to the West even if Steins; Gate Elite is localized. 

Steins; Gate 0 bonus (Steins; Gate HD) wasn't brought over despite the translation already being done.
Demon Souls is even more unlikely. It's produced by From Software with Sony.
Haha, I'm happier now. I didn't see a future with her after a while and she wanted me to be someone I'm not aka alpha male who is also a gentleman that somehow can balance work, school, life, and gf. 
It's a rumor, no confirmation. We'll find out if it's real or not tomorrow?
I've played it a week ago on my friend's switch, no noticeable issue expect for a bug on the bus screen where if more than one player press the button on the screen causes the game to crash. 
Aw yeah, overcooked is on sale. I've played it a week ago on my friend's switch and figure it would be a great addition but didn't want to pay full price. 
Didn't work out for me. But my ex said the exact same thing, not word for word though.

My best suggestion is to try to make quality time oppose to quantity as a way to show you care even if you can't be there all the time.

For me, I stopped trying after a while. The stress builds up like crazy and I shut downed because I wasn't given the space and time to decompress. 
Awkward
If she genuinely understands my humor and enjoy it, then compliment me on it. 
I honestly can't remember but I don't think that was it, it was a more newer game and one that I didn't care about. 

I only remember seeing complaints over at the PS4 subreddit from those who were still running 720p tv screen.

But FFXV did have this issue in the beginning, and was later patched to fix it. So that's another example.
That's a long road ahead especially when it comes to multiplat titles. It's a similar issue when developers started designing games for 720p/1080p where people who were still playing on crt struggled with UI and text being too small.

Developers are now designing their games around 4k. I can't recall which game but I saw some people were complaining about the text when playing on 720p but it wasn't an issue for those playing 1080p and up. 
Unlikely, the competitive advantage they have right now is the hybrid factor.

Take that out and by the time they release it, it's a severely underpowered console competing against PS5/Xbox ?
Too high risk for my taste. However, I understand the appeal but the biggest question is not an if, but when will the bubble burst.
If this game gets localized, I really hope for a Chinese MJ version in the game.

I've been itching for a good Chinese MJ game but most of the ones on smartphone are terrible or in Chinese. 
I've done this quite a bit if I find myself stuck between two choices, and in need of a tie breaker.


Sorta, depends on the topic. I try to remember it all before giving an answer.

One time, my friends ask me, what compliment from a girl would stroke by ego. It took me twenty minutes of thinking before I gave an answer.
Because it's a very western-centric system catering to western taste in an eastern country.
Yes, the save file is in your system.
But in a world without condoms, birth control, and abortion?

200 years ago, we had abortions (no where as safe as today in a medical facility), we had condoms (not as effective today), and we certainly had infanticide.

Yet to this day, there are schools out there still teaching abstinence.

So in a world where there are no options for birth control, and where abstinence won't work that leaves infanticide.
Does abstinence work here? No, not really.

I would assume in this hypothetical world, infanticide would be a lot higher just like how the animal kingdom does it.

Not much has changed today since kids are still being put up for adoption, abstinence are still being taught, and we still got lawmakers trying to make it easy to access birth control/abortion/and such.
>I am uncomfortable with his relationship with his female best friend. They've sent each other nudes, she calls him baby, and they've always had an incredibly flirty dynamic. I finally confronted him about it and he said he does like her and he believes she likes him too, but they determined they would not date because of distance and a few other reasons. He also said he would cool it with her.

Well that certainly isn't a good thing.

>I don't know how anyone could not fear cheating or have bouts of jealousy when ones partners friendships of the opposite sex are a certain context?

I think this issue is beyond him being "emotionless" and more of him being immature.
>How he is rather "emotionless" and possibly won't be able to validate my feelings the way I want him to. To me this sounded more like an excuse.

That's not an excuse. He's letting you know because he's acknowledging your have emotional needs and he understands that but on the flip side, you're not accepting/validating him for the fact he doesn't process emotions the same way nor have the same emotional needs. Do not dismiss this as an excuse because from my experience, this is one of the driving factors why my past relationships has failed. My exes always believed it's some excuse and never accepted this part of me.

Also, you're going to need a lot of patience if you want to get anywhere. You're also going to need to take the time to walk-through with him on his feeling.
Can the Switch even handle 50 vs 50 players? 
I don't care for stickers, numbered slip case, nor reversible case.

Pins/Badges/Keychains would have to be well done and not feel cheap.

Perhaps a signed/numbered lithograph artcard.