duuuuude spoilers!!! /s
God know this state needs it right now
I understand where you think that. It feels like they're that band that sold out to a point where they sold themselves in las vegas of all places.. it just all feels out of place and what not.
Congrats to all the lucky ones getting to play this game finally!
I want it to be good but with it being live action. it just puts iffiness on it. I hope they make it practical enough and not super cartooney seeing as how it will be live action.
No way they'll put that much money into it.. they'll just get an actual one to sit around in scenes and be like "oooh look everyone see! just like the show!"
That's awesome of you! If I am able to plan it out right and can make it I will shoot you a PM if that's cool. 
Oh yeah yeah. Okay. I've been there a few times. Definitely one of the better theaters in KC. 
Which one are you talking about? The amc by trader Joe's? KC is always like 15 min from anywhere 
Oh you have my word on that!
Haven't received it yet. But it may take a min or something. 

Edit. Just got it. You da man. Take all my upvotes. 
PMd away. 
Dude are you serious? This has definitely made my shitty month. Like legit. I hope I can find a way to pay it forward someday. 
Better than living in Alaska. There's a Cinemark down the road from me. But for IW I'm definitely going imax. I feel like you gotta. 
I live in Kansas. right smack in the middle. 
Makes sense to me. If someone can confirm if something is not a spoiler. It only tells you one piece of non-truth. still leaving that person in the unknown of what actually happens.. 
If I had the funds right now to go see if you bet your ass I would! Especially with how praised it is too 
I don't want to live on this planet anymore.
Do we know if it is a popular channel that most know like IGN or Gamespot or such? or just some douche?
I sucks because I am only behind with Black Panther, and it will be weird to go watch that while everyone is inside watching infinity war.. lol
I'll sub to your channel if you pick me. Just up front honesty lol :D
Now they really must have done something wrong..
define "creepy" other than the kid wanting to kill someone.
Yeah it's obvious its all bullshit lol
I think 2020 for a new console would honestly make the most sense. Getting something in the next year or so just seems unlikely imo. 
I honestly hope that this is the case. It would be a huge improvement to the industry and for the common consumer who can't shell out money every few years and then get screwed as everyone is onto the new console and your left behind playing games alone.lol
I do agree it is very much possible that we could see a new system soon. I guess it just seems like at one point they would release a new console every 6 years. But up until now we are getting new versions of the same consoles. something thats recently started. With the Xbox One X being fairly new and PS4 Pro in a same boat even though it was released earlier, it just makes me think they'd ride that train a little longer while developing something entirely new. 
Its all speculation regardless. We can go off the history of their releases but it doesn't mean they'd still continue to go that route. 
Much better phrased. 
You have a point. Too many Karma farmers out there nowadays
What is so crazy is you have "#1 psvr youtuber" psvr frank who talked this game up so much in his video, and now we find out how barebones it is.. 
Where did you hear that the PS5 is coming out in 2 years? I feel like it'll be at least another 3 or 4 years before we get a PS5.
Heebie jeebies for sure. 
Welp. Makes sense to me. 
This. This man is one of those actors for me I genuinely want to see beat this after everything he's put into the research. He will always be the badass Marty to me though. 
I don't know man, those hats are in style nowadays. they be everywhere.

Also that may have been a strong word. And everyone is entitled to their opinion. Just seems more negative from my perspective is all.
He's the trash man though!
Came here to comment the glitch. But since everyone else did too. Had to be apart of the episode. Gotta figure this shit out. 
We'll probably need a new wolverine by that time. I don't know who would even be a good pick. 
I just want to say I'm sorry that even though many might not agree with what you did, they didn't need to be asshats about it.  I personally couldn't invest time in something I might change my mind about doing but it's still awesome, glad you like it. 

So glad our community likes to bash others projects.

cool guys
I don't know why one person downvoted you. That's gold
Do this exactly and you will win our hearts!
Hi Tai
C'mon, no one is going to mention Girl Next Door. He was great in that. 


only if you got that prime membership.
Freaky Fred man.. that dude was naaauuuugghhttyy..
Leela looks a lot different in the past.
Totally thought it said SKANKERZ..

i was "uh.. idk if I played with those growing up.."
I love it and miss it. Electric Playground has a YT channel with Victor Lucas doing reviews on there still. they even have entire playlist full of Electric Playground episodes from G4
> Julian McMahon

who does he play now? or is this referring to his character as Dr. Doom?
He and Pewds have specific faces lol
So mad I never got Blasters when it was on sale for like $14 or something like that.
Dagnabbit
Does anyone know how long they plan on doing this deal ?
I remember owning all of them and I was still not a legend in any schools. just in my room with my action figures.
You should get wip- 

nevermind.
What about Goofy Movie? yeah, sure only a side character voice. But hilarious still!
This guy is correct.
Can this movie just change to a story of chewie instead? Dude stole that trailer. 
Was it? Weird. I'll have to go back and rewatch it. I wonder why they would do that ?

Edit: went and watched it. Weird. It's sped up so slightly but you can still hear the tempo is faster with the kick drum. 
Arsonist's Lullaby. A great song too. 
Such a good and perfect song to use too 
This. I think 30-40 for a 2-3 hour Rick and Morty experience that can last longer looking at all the weird things you can do in it just sold me. 
Why does no one acknowledge the random guy behind him in the purple floral shirt staring like. "da fuq"?
i knew it yay!
Yet nobody picks it online cause everyone who can't handle it just rage quits.. -_-
Yeah at this point I've just downvoted it. if everyone else would too it would be a less cluttered page of reposts
miss G4 most of all.
Hes a teen. he doesnt get it yet

I wish I could get his little brother a PS4.. since I can't replace the big bro he lost.
kids gotta learn sometime.
Yeah, I hope maybe they are delaying it to add somethings not in the PCVR version. also hope they want to do add-ons. This IP could take off.
That's a damn shame if 100% true. 
Yeah we will have to wait and see.
That may be true, which is a damn shame cause I wanted a collectors edition, but I'll settle for digital if its sooner
better tell Playstation that.
https://www.playstation.com/en-us/games/rick-and-morty-virtual-rick-ality-ps4/
April 10th, for US.
Oh wow. Someone had said that there were only a few ships made for VR mode to use in the cockpit. I guess I was curious if more ships would be made for cockpit view.
THESE
Both "T" triggers
Can't upvote this enough. In this day we blow past tutorials so much, but damn you reeaaallly need to do these ones if you want to play right
Love the game you guys! I don't know if I am late but I was just curious at your plans on creating more ships for VR users? I know what we have is well good enough but I have heard others who have played pre vr release that they cannot use the ships they have loved to use previously.
This, I had it on the default 63 I believe, and it needed to be at 59 for me and it was much more clearer and did not feel like my eyes were permanently cross-eyed when playing almost
A is the closest answer. And B you did to yourself to be fair! 
I like those odds 
That sounds incredibly awesome. I wish I had a SO that could enjoy these things. But they usually have played a Lego game once. Usually.. lol
You'd be surprised. Lol still sadly seems like women don't like to admit or try to get into video games. Maybe I just have bad luck  lol
I just assume if you want NPCs you can get a sexbot. 

Also sssshhh dont poke holes in my investment. ;)
just call it Player Two cause you're player one looking for their player two
Who does? lol
What's their return policy on defective items tho?
Where can I find one of these?
The real revolution.
I actually don't think it does. I haven't heard anyone speak not even by accident or anything. I could be wrong but I haven't witnessed it yet. Always down for wipeout though. PSN is my flair.
State of Emergency was my shit. one game I remember that just did not have a point to it but could play it for hours.

Then they made a second and fucked it up
That's unfortunate. Probably couldn't handle it. 
Now that I KNOW they breathe, I dont wanna watch this anymore.. thanks. thanks alot. poop head /s
I truly forget that they include this version of the hulk as part of the official MCU movies. I feel like Mark has been overdue for his own movie for sometime now. 
Speaking of Sol. 

It bothers me nobody online will play it. I always do it in racebox but I want to actually have a lobby of people to play that one with. Its just insane and I wish others had that type of map
I will be down to play with all you guys for some Horde or coop modes. I don't have nearly enough chill people to play with for psvr

PSN: MeezyMcFly
It's not a bad place to be. But the people to run it definitely are morons. Its my home state and I will always have a love/hate relationship living here. 
Good idea. 
Man, I really hope they don't drop the update and roll one out sometime 
Oh interesting. I never knew that. I had heard others complain or be confused and assumed it was known. I don't know if it ever tells you that. 
If you mean the issue with swinging at people and blocking and your sword and shield randomly stop working and it's just turns into your move controllers for a bit while the enemy beats the shit out of you.. then no they haven't.. shame too.
Why do I feel like this is going to be an expensive vr experience..?
I found the same thing but I also like to have my spotify as if it makes me think I am in skyrim with some way to have magical headphones while I'm cruisin along the world. same with wipeout, I think its better when its your music you listen to. if that makes sense
From Kansas City, I can tell you it really feels like everyone loves and grew up with this show.
Apparently it got announced for the Xbox one...
The big thing is that it's coming to Xbox one. No VR guys.
You can thank gamestop for that. They re seal them and then ruin the case with their shit stick tape. Mine was the same way
Yeah that's literally 2 days..
Now with new custom Mario and Luigi decals. Because we here at Nintendo can't come up with anything else clever. ;)
Gamestop. $23.97, New. 
What is Wipeout? I only know Washin
Elite Dangerous VR. Only on the Nintendo Wii.
I just came here to see if there was a comment about wipeout on what is a post on a different game out of a sea of wipeout posts.. was not disappointed.
Oh wait. I thought you were saying the menu was bad.  I don't think so. I like the ships flying by with that white background. 
Okay since you said so. 
This is my first time ever playing wipeout and it was in VR but I actually am excited to play this flat too just because I never realized how fun and addicting the game was!
That's not facts but still opinion-based.
damn that's a good one. take an upvote.
Can confirm. I feel like everyone was saying how good it looked. went home to play it and I was actually happy with how clear, crisp, and smooth everything is.
I wanna blast through cities and destroying baddies while feeling like the big green man lol
Cause it's the internet and trolls roam the land. lol
gamestop is honestly your best bet if you're in the US. $23.97 New.
He is 
No worries! Just like to help others save a penny and get in on this great game! 
Did yours have clearance on them too?  Crazy steal. I'm for once glad I didn't go digital on this one. 
Same!  They gotta realize it got an update and will start upselling. The damn thing is on clearance. Seems like a steal. 
The Incredible Hulk: Ultimate Destruction was my shit and I wish they would grow off that and really make something badass.  
Preach to the choir. my only time to play is on weekends or after work since I got that 8 -5 job and don't feel like playing most weekdays, too mentally shut down by that point.

Edit: Will make an exception for wipeout tonight though. it deserves it
You were just a courageous squeaky little girl at that moment. No biggie.
It's like a feat of courage to pass it.
I honestly had to do the same when I first started. I had a buddy joke around with me while I first entered the house, but I felt like as I got the game down and understood how the family worked and the layout of the house and guns. I felt less scared and more "fuck with me, I dare you" kinda vibe. lol 
Damn right. Not enough love for the Hulk nowadays. I for one feel we need a new free roaming Hulk game please.
Man. Already sold on it. Just hope the online picks up with people grabbing it. Doesn't seem like alot of people online in PSVR in general. 
> supersamplingboostthing

can we just change the official name to this? I like it better.
Gamestop has them new for $23.97 right now and used for $29.99, and trust me, i dont get GS logic either.
http://www.sunny1079.com/look-whos-back/roseanne-reboot-new-trailer-2018-johnny-galecki-returns-as-david/ not the trailer but a pic
Just wait until you get at the door to enter the house for the first time. I don't think I've ever had a game take me weeks to make just a couple steps in game to try and be a brave boy.
Thats ballsy. I got 5 minutes and stopped. 
How active is the online??
That's fair. I have the OG XB1. Would like the X Someday when it's cheaper. That's usually my plan. It's had it's fair share of days. Do love the X though. Runs great. 
Yeah that's my same thought process. They better not hike it up in the next few hours though. Lol
One of us. ONE. OF. US.
Second this
Don't forget the Apex patch as well :)
I told myself I was going to wait and buy this whenever it got patched a bit and now you go do this the day of Wipeout? killing me with your awesome feedback!
I love having both honestly because of that reason. But I am finding myself using my PS4 as of recently and my XB1 much less. I can't remember the last time I powered it on. Just not many exclusives coming out for it right now and SoT was disappointing. 
A part of me wants to trade in my XB1 for this and a couple of games since I don't play it much but I fear I may regret it in the future. 
Yep. he strikes again. 
$23.97 at gamestop right now I believe when you can 
Definitely more like that. but it just doesn't roll off the tongue. lol
*snaps camera* neat.
This is why we can't have nice things.. god damnit. 
Can confirm both my '92 and '98 Chevy Lumina had them.. such a  pain
This guy nuggets'
These giveaways are insane. You guys are the true heroes. Count me in and thanks for doing this! 
poo
Can you stack coupons on the ps store?
This guy is just salty because he figured out everything with PSVR while normal folk who just recently get theirs and figure these things out in due time and like to share the struggle to avoid it. 

Same. as much as I could. best of luck to everyone!
Shit. For free I'll take it. Hopefully I can win. Been needing a new VR game to hop into 
We are? That's no fun.
Can confirm this. I had one cord from my controller originally I had to swap back and forth to charge them both. But now with the charge set it's not an issue. Don't know why they won't come with cables for them. Or you know, update them. Lol
I wouldn't say "good friend". More like Mr. Know-it-all.
For..what?

Edit: Favorite actor.  Still weird for a kids show demographic. 
Exactly. I feel like I would be more likely to Pirate a game and enjoy it and then buy it outright and all the DLC that comes with it because I enjoyed it first-hand rather than blindly buy something hate it and then be upset that I wasted $60 of my own hard-earned money on something I'll never want to play
I agree with this even if I hate it because you SHOULD be able to have people test out something they would like. It's either the company loses money or the consumer. 

kind of a lose-lose situation. unless you like it, then yay? lol
I'm sure most best buy employees don't check and see the price and price match it. That's my best guess. I just happened to find someone who wouldn't at my store. But I agree. 
Yeah everyone is claiming they were able to price match even though Target stated it was out of stock online and in store but I wasn't able to. People suck basically lol
Can confirm. Got turned down at my best buy. 
Damnit. I should have done that before just caving and buying it anyways. Lol
Gotcha. Sorry on the app and it doesn't seem to show it through here. 
Will do! What's the PSN?
What do you mean? 
They said it had to be in stock with a local target within 25 miles. But when I got home I realized I either had been duped or the guy didn't know his own policy. 
You could count me in. I need VR friends in general. I'm the only one of my friends who has one. Everyone else is so flat. Lol
Always down for this or farpoint. feel free to add me: meezymclfy

usually on CST. during the evenings and weekends all day usually
Please stand up..
I tried to get this bundle but they aren't available online or in store for me in Kansas. Tried to price match with best buy but wouldn't.
Only a candidate. Nothing special here lol
Heavy
Damn..named off every single one of those things I got.. yet I still have a baby face.. 

+1 luck
as someone who pays for their 2 cats to have food before me and only  $4 for gas. Pizza would be great. and food to eat for a couple days.
Yes.....

That's what I said...lol
Good one buddy.
Didn't say it was dumb. Just not common for regular households to have. 
I highly doubt many have a can of air just lying around normally...
"we're getting outside."

That grammar tho
I read the title as Lord Stark and was hoping it was a GoT reference.. damn
I think they got Shia LeBeouf to sponsor it if I am not mistaken.
Still will probably be a buy for me lol
This is extremely awesome. But is it stand alone purchase or one of those " if you got the game you're good to go things"
Has this been confirmed?
I'll be honest.. I can throw for shit in this game.. I feel like a baby who's learning to throw for the first time, only to never learn.
Probably too late for this. Shamelessly begging for game. Hoping you pick me for the bland answer in a huge twist ending. Pretty please, won't you pick me?
What a Cliff hanger. 
I just got to "stop being a fucking moron" so eventually I will too.
I haven't played it in VR in so long, I wonder if its less scary now.
It was kinda like when I first played IEYTD the first mission in the spy car has the actual time on the clock. I was just weirdly amazed by a small detail.
Maybe
Yeah I use everyone in terms of general audience. I.e. Parents and grandparents and kids who didn't "get it" lol
I thought he was Charlie's kid?
Yeah I really don't understand where everyone else was the last 5 seasons. It was known for ramping up the gore and violence each sesson, and fans loved it. Then one scene is too much and now its all gone. It's weird. If you watch every episode a little after that one. Its so noticable 
It's been non existent after everyone gripped on the glenn scene 
They need like an VR version of the old arcade games of Gauntlet. Would buy. 
I think it's just hard when you want to use both hands for fighting WHILE straffing around during fights. It's kinda hard to do. 
Lol Everytime for me. 

Taking off he headset and it being pitch black like "what the fuck happened?" Haha
Can't wait for the return of them!
This. Standing in general helps alot it feels like. 
It's gonna be okay, they can't hurt us forever.
The main menu is a group of people on their knees before you. Each with a menu option and you have to whack them to select 
When people pay money for something they damn sure don't want to be wrong about what they're buying into. Everyone has praised this game since release and while the demo was interesting (albeit too short to tell me if it was worthwhile) it was not enough to get me to buy it and most of that stems from the worry that the story will not have longevity. I just wish we could start with getting good gameplay types and stories worked out before trying to make everything "pretty ". 

What do I know? I'm just some random guy on reddit. lol 
Always wanted to play a Negan Simulator
Keep saving and pick up a PSVR eventually, they are a game changer :)
Friends? What are those?

Its TEARIIN' ME APART LISSAA!
get outta here soflo XD
I just firmly remember when it first launched and nobody could matchmake, and could not find a game for the life of me. Months later I hopped on to see if it had changed... nope..

that's just what killed it for me and made me stray. I can't speak for others
Best we are gonna get honestly.
I legit lol'd god damnit.. 

also, i fucking haaate that guy's voice.
He just wanted to be sneaky mcsneak and get away with it. If it hadn't been for us meddling kids. 
Real MVP here.

I don't get why try to steal others pictures to claim your own. I know why they do but in the end, someone most always calls out the bullshitter.
NEITHER WAS I
I'll take it still. 
While I can't answer your question, I forgive you for wasting my time. I waste mine all the time, I don't care :)
> About Flair:
> To ensure all interactions in this forum are meaningful, we have instituted a flair ranking to help you curate content. Flairs are assigned after each comment, based on your relative karma ranking within this subreddit over your last 100 comments and 100 posts.


Honestly. Who even knows anymore. Might be because I'm more out of the loop than ever and because there hasn't been much beisdes a new Poet Book. But it seems like the music part has fizzled out. It's unfortunate but probably have to accept that until something comes up

Probably gonna be in the form of an announcement I'm sure. 

Angels & Airwaves. More like Announcements & Airwaves, amirite? /s
Usually are. Hot dogs were so good as a kid. Now as an adult. Meh. 
Dae bow bow chica-chicah
Stupid science bitch couldn't make I more smarter. 
He's a master at karate and friendships for everyone
Stay tuned next time for the next installment of... REDDIT ADVENTURES!
The guy in the picture clearly has the face of "please get this stupid fucking shirt off me before I suffocate to a poorly made design. 
I don't think it worked out well for Spacey even though the charges were different. Probably not the best way to go about it.
"god damn I love paper like I'm Michael Scott"
I agree completely, but jaggies really can mess with your eyesight after some time. I noticed shakes and minor things like that came to really effect how i was able to play.
I don't believe you, they crap ;)
Plus you have the added reflection from the snow to make it brighter. I need to do the same, get me some darken blinds since my place is always in view of the sun and during the day it almost shines right where my headset is usually. Can't have no sun damage 
Fuck you, sun! 
We can only hope.. would love to retry this after getting my vr legs too
This is my take, even though I still enjoy the game for someone who didn't play Skyrim flat. But it makes me wish we could get Fallout New Vegas in VR since Fallout 4 prob cant handle it on the PSVR.
We all do. Trust me. 
PSN: MeezyMcFly - PS4 PSVR. 
26 and looking for the chill types of people to joke around and shit with. Mostly playing rocket league, for Honor, killing floor, fornite, gang beasts. Usually on in the evenings and weekends. 
NA
The only psvr game I have wanted to try. I'm in 
NA. hoping for the best over here. If I win. I pass along another copy to a friend. 
its a shower cat cap!

brought to you from the makers or kitten mittens!

for the cats who make TOOO MUCH NOISE ALL THE TIME
This is 10% luck, 20% skill, 15% concentrated power of will, 5% pleasure, 50% percent pain, and a 100% reason to remember the name
Yes Blues Brothers 2000 was just.. all over the place of disappointing. Also. Elite Dangerous is the shit. 
I feel like we also aren't taking to account how many downloaded ps4 games are probably owned.

More like "this is what the advances of technology looks like"

Amirite?
Ahh yes. I remember this verse. 
I believe it was
The book of Dick 4:8
And by assholes I assume you mean cats. Had that happen to me when they go all over your feet. Almost punted him into the next decade lol
No...

QUEEN bees only.
I feel like I've tried this a whiiiiile back and didn't notice.. is it supposed to be like, so that if you have headphones in you could hear someone in the same room as you and talk to them without taking headphones off?
I still like you dude.. Jack and Jill was probably the worst. But Reign Over Me will always be great
this is a good summary..
I assume it's because a sneaky taint grab and a huge punch to the face it much more noticable 
It's very possible that they have that kind of mindset but what makes it so jarring is that these men, however strong and masculine they appear, it doesn't matter when a wrinkly rich man wants to grope you for the hell of it.
I was gonna say Airheads 2 but any of these ideas will suffice.
Wish he could have without reprocussion 
Clearly Terry Crews wasn't making up shit. Doesn't matter if you're man or woman. People are fucking gross 
>"On Fraser's way out of the hotel, he was hailed by Philip Berk, a former president of the HFPA. In the midst of a crowded room, Berk reached out to shake Fraser's hand. Much of what happened next Berk recounted in his memoir and was also reported by Sharon Waxman in The New York Times: He pinched Fraser's ass—in jest, according to Berk. But Fraser says what Berk did was more than a pinch: “His left hand reaches around, grabs my ass cheek, and one of his fingers touches me in the taint. And he starts moving it around.” Fraser says that in this moment he was overcome with panic and fear."

What. The. Fuck.


I think my guy just fucked me over honestly
WHAT? they wouldn't price match me because it was not a local store price but online only..
user name checks out.
Burnout 3: Takedown please
>Went in RecRoom and literally the first thing I heard were two young kids asking a guy if he knows Boku no pico.


Sounds like when I first jumped in and a kid came up to me first thing and asked if "i knew dae wae"... 
You da man! as well as everyone working on this game as well! :)
The struuuuuggle haha
You tell em Joe
It's okay friend,. We all have stupid moments. Mine was less than 24 hours ago in Reddit no less. Lol
That's just r/KeanuBeingAwesome
It was sarcasm
Had my pitch fork out. Now I look like a silly head. Great comment. 
Oh, of course, that's what I normally do. I just wish you could select specific ones and turn them off from that same menu. Would be a neat feature to have.
Like I can only select my ds4 controller and my moves ONLY to turn off at once but leave the VR headset on? Where if so?
You won't regret it. Trust me.
I don't care what the price is. This will be a preorder if possible. CANT WAIT
I like that option mostly to just bulk turn them off, but I wish we could select the devices to turn off and then just shut them off, instead of turning of my headset along with my moves
Exactly my thoughts. lol
what if I said Planet 3 times? does it get reversed?
More than I have had in the last 5 years
Just had to look up those Navi Controllers.. why the fuck weren't those implemented? those would be PERFECT for PSVR...
Rock God that had a smushy face
BOOO!!! NOT COOOOOL!!
I don't know how I feel about this. I'm so torn..
I can deal with this kind of review. if and when I get the aim I will probably have to check it out if ever on sale. seems like a title that would soon too.
definitely, want to get Farpoint, I have heard some mixed reviews on Arizona Sunshine though, and don't know much about dick wilde, have to look that up. although if more seem to get supported it's going to be a must buy for me.
Yeah probably so. That's just as far back as when it hit me haha
I think I MAY need to invest in an aim controller. But it feels like there aren't a lot of games supporting it as of yet
Damn Steve,

What does he have that we don't?! We....we can change..!
In these times of stress. we all need the upvotes. take all mine everyone!
We just need to take some time to figure our shit out. ya know?

it's not you, it's us. you get it, don't ya?
bubble broke long ago, somewhere in sept. 2001.
me too dude.

current count: 0
I thought it was hilarious haha no worries
Lol the sarcasm just blew right past ya didn't it? 
Former barista here. We had to enter it in thanks to the management. but really most would just give it to you, if you went to a Starbucks that still writes on cups and not using an automatic ticket dispenser
Just curious, does being in Australia give you some sort of advantage with space?
>he looks like an annoying car salesman that is blocking my view of the car I'm trying to buy.

WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH THAT?
Yeah all I think about is how I'd be straight up giving this to my buddy so he could join me in VR land. 
Same here exactly.  It feels like they need to rework that system so it's not such a hassle to prove your identity
God, its been years and just reading it pisses me off...
Came here to say this, but its unanimous.

Fuck Dexter Finale.
thats who i was looking for. damn shame.
I feel like Youtube is just a high school bully that keeps sticking up for its friends, while the nerds and odd people and everyone else just gets their lunch money stolen every day, except its season 2 of scare pewdiepie.
That's literally the icing on the hypocrisy that's this between PewDiePie and Logans "controversies"
I love the overflowing skepticism in this comment.


Kansas?
Good one
Sent from my iPad "what's a computer" Pro.
Yes
I'm going through the exact same issue but I did have my card info to verify. They said they'd request it to be sent to a specialist to unlock my account. But that was yesterday... Really frustrating. I hope we can get these matters sorted. It doesn't feel like it's handled properly
Didn't realize they made both of them!
asking for yourself btw
Its the implication of him coming back or not...
HBO NOW is just as bad. You can't even add your favorite shows to come to easily. and they do this same thing.
Eery is always good. 

Also didn't expect to find Smile on there.  Solid playlist
I hear it's gonna fall in love with a donkey too 
Oh wow. Thanks for letting me know. I wonder if any certain solid colors work best
Do clothes really affect tracking?
I like the way you think. 
Just showed up under recent Google news. Knew they had different patents. Never saw this particular design until today since it was posted today. My bad for wanting to share 
OKAY OKAY OKAY. BUT DID YOU HEAR ABOUT THESE NEW PATENTS GUYZZZZZZZZZZZ
NO WAY TOO VAGUE! /s
This guy fucks. 
Would've been cooler if he had a duster 
-Insert Boston  pun here-
Shit. It..just...might...work!
No Kansas is mad too. Trust me. 
Did the same thing. Miss my PS4 and PSVR. but rent and bills come first.

Hoping to join the club again soon 
Thats spot on
Randomly come onto a keanu subreddit. Find post by one of your favorite bands. 

Holy shit. I love you dudes. Come to Kansas City sometime! 
I'm totally gonna take that word now 
The fuck...?
Maybe his cat made TOOO MUCH NOISE all the time and switched fields?
I mean if humans can cremate humans.. why cant humans cremate cats?
Stay tuned next week in the next episode of The Apprentice: President Edition
As someone who grew up with a mother who is sober 4 months currently after relapsing after 5 years of sobriety. I think I might have found a place she should check out and come to.

Stay strong everyone. You're all worth it 
swimmy trunkies
This me every day.
Get home from work excited about a game to hop on and enjoy

Watch youtube until I pass out. 

I FEEL like its just the idea of not wanting to waste time the older you get, or maybe thats just me
Then that "leader" gets your whole squad killed by following him into a trap. 
I don't mind following orders but its about being a team and following and giving orders
Yeah very true. It's just hard to find people who have similar play styles mostly. 
My problem is no duo or squads to play with. Everyone has PC or plays other things
People get chicken dinners without doing anything

I try for months. And no dinner still :(. Lucky you lol
Now you're the sick bastard for making everyone lose the game 
At least soak it in the toilet for a few hours! Damn savage we got here .
My brain still got lost after the first Island. 
As someone who had to originally sell their PSVR and PS4 due to being laid off. I am glad to hear because I hope someday to be able to join the VR world again and with an upgraded PS4
Exactly
I think the swords origin is the bigger mystery here
I also remember having a sword like this. This must be popular somewhere
Remember when he said the 3rd would not have Trump be the focus?
what'd I do?
Can we upvote this more, please?
kinda like there are a bunch of images on the internet but OP stole this 
boom
there is a mobile game that has a feature where if you spring long enough it has a bar that fills and puts you in autorun. kind of a nice feature 
good!
Thank you GPS. 
Priceless. 
*CREWS

sorry.
always down for good squad mates

meezymcfly. from kansas but only about hour difference for us.
Yeah put your peni-. I mean, finger. 
Yeah I'm just like. Wow. I have no words how awesome this team is 
That's what I'd think 
Kinda bummed but I expected it. It sounds interesting nonetheless
"Starz announced Friday at the Television Critics Association's winter press tour that it was developing The Continental, an ongoing drama series based on the John Wick film franchise starring Keanu Reeves. Reeves, Starz execs said, is expected to make an appearance in the potential series but will not star as the project exists side by side with the feature universe."
I gush over this one over Paradise any day. I couldn't get into it but I poured hours into Takedown. 
yes  these types of games NEED this option.
This. Entirely. You can point out as much as you want but there was a time to be able to think through what you're doing. He did not do that. So he has to pay for it. 
Worked so hard, now trump gets to vacaaatiooonn
Just remember you can download and watch all the episodes of KABLAM from the animator's website.
www.markmarek.org/ANIMATIONS/KABLAM.html
The Thinning 2 could and should be cancelled
I think idubbbz has put it best either it's okay for all of us to say it or none of us can say it. Giving words the power we so desperately don't want it to have. 
Yeah my first thought is gonna be the hypocrisy between him and PewDiePie 
but that's just a theory...
No but now I'm forming petitions to get them in every state.
And it's coming back!
This should be everyone's mantra.
I agree on all parts. I truly think that most people who Vlog have to constantly make it exciting or entertaining. I just remember when PewDiePie made that video about him stopping to blog because it was just too much to keep up with and I do believe that the gimmicks do work. But it just becomes hard to identify a character on camera and off camera for fans, especially young ones .  

I also will agree with everything on idubbbz because he has been my main thing to look out for more than anything as well.
I did not like that podcast interview.  I personally felt like it just made him look more immature and that the things he is doing is wrong but oh well because its publicity whether it's good or bad in his eyes. These people need to understand how influential they are in the younger generation. But instead all they think about is MULAHHH BAAABYYY.
I think we all agree it sucks all around 
roasted by pinkman
His little bro said that best on H3's podcast.

its just sad at this point
THANK you for getting the reference.
True. but i mean, after all, alien's exist ;)
Never got my chicken dinner but I also don't have anyone to play with for duo or squads so I'm always solo and it's just difficult as fuck sometimes. Only got to #2 once and got fucked. Saad day 
And judging by your name you must have good taste in a certain pop punk band 
This guy gets it. 
Happy Nye ✊
"I'ma fuuuny guuuy!!"

He's one fucked up dentist. 
I love you. 
There's a tree on top of another tree... hmm
#savetheears
" MOM! I WANT. MORE CHOCOLATE MILK! YOU SAID YOU WERE GONNA MAKE ME SOME AND YOU LIED!"

in a nutshell basically
You mean has a mic nearby, just chooses not to use it.
came here to say this. nevermind. 
"i was happy to get back home to my (e)X."

words no one has ever said before
probably cash... outside somewhere..
I noticed you noticing this specific thing in addition. 
EVERYDOWN CALM BODY
Remember when Apple slowed down their old phones?, HTC and Motorola remembers 
> Dolby Access app

damn couldn't get it until the 5th, but definitely gonna have to try this out and see if it's worth it.
Thanks, Jerry
Ok sorry
where?
issues like everyone else.. crashes will happen at random, some load in issues.. 
HEY YOU DON'T TELL ME WHAT TO DO
No problem. Just trying to save lives. 
doesnt get better with #3. Sorry.
As a fellow Kansan, I agree..... fuck em
Thanks for buying that for me.
Didn't I also hear the money for the keys went to the tournaments and leagues and such?
If you got the tissues. I'll bring da issues. 
Easily movie of the year in 1995
Review. nuff said
If you mean when you try to go through it and it stays on the first 2 items only. I know it, and it pisses me off lol
I'm on this guys side. Fuck cars. except when you need them to get to the play zone. then pls let me has car
I love with r/blink182 leaks out. 
RPG drops should be ultra rare or only appear towards the last circles 
Agreeed got down to my first last 3 people. The 2 people in cars driving in circles. And then I died because he just kept doing it after hitting me. Just stupid i don't know why. 
I don't know man. The Rugrats taught me it was a cookie and I needed to be reptar to get it essentially
Yeah just a little.  Who needs the internet. Amirite?
Ugh never felt rage from a smile before. 
Knowing you can't do anything to make that smug face stop smiling from fucking us over is even worse on top of that. 
Papa bless him for these green screen caps. 
We are counting on it! Lol
I'm always a good 4th
You didn't! Haha
Except the egg is a bunch of crowbars and attachments for guns you dont find.
Do it and report back here with your opinion!! 
Yeah and he MEANT IT TOO lol
Idk the developers keep saying soon but that means "suck it I'll do what I want.". 

So tired of walking down the street to just get glitched back at my house where I started. 
I second!
I'm sure their relationship is a real HOME RUN 
Where have you been?! Get on it now! You're missing out. It was the epsidoe that had me dying of laughter. 
20 years of work well earned good sir, welcome! 
Yeah quite a few glitches and bugs 
I want to do squads, but none of my friends play or have this currently and LFG is kind of a mess to work through. they need a resume for friends to play with online.

Like what your attitude and play style is like, your times to play and such 
Let hope that time and expertise is put to work and pays off.  
maybe he meant PC?
remember this ladies...

or guys if that's what you're into, no judgment.
Same. I feel like I spend too much time trying to sort it out and then I die.
I felt the same way. Louie was a huge gut punch.  But I agree if we allow certain people to be exempt and not others based on our beliefs than we aren't holding anyone accountable to the standard it should be held. Especially anyone who is affiliated with the government. 
Don't know why you get the hate mail. Don't shoot the messenger
Oh okay thanks for the info. That sounds like a better option anyways 
I still find that to be a silly waste of time. but Microsoft can't let Halo go unfortunately 
I'm just gonna be the idiot to ask, are SSD's something that has to be internally installed? or is it external? I tried googling it but it looks like internal so far.. I dumb 
Thanks for the report dude for the ones on the OG Xbox.
His house, in the middle of his street. 
Dear god... Those poor souls 
Wait, they're STILL doing updates for it???
I just got flashback anger from those days.. fuck MCC
Welp, I am glad i have yet to try going into a squad...
there are many lone randoms looking for good squads to join up with though. ;)
i swear... if i run in there one day and there's a bunch of you doing a pants-off/dance-off...

Well, then you that sounds like a groovy time.
same.
Cause arguing is fun apparently.
Why this isn't a feature in most games nowadays is beyond me. it felt like you could alot more in the past..
yes, cause I've been here the whole time
This shit just made me laugh. I got renewed in humanity for a day and a good chuckle. Cheers to all!
I don't mind the wait. Just that he's mentioned it has been brought up is good news to me. 
Thank you for being the person to finally making this happen. Been wanting an update for this for so long! :)
Absolutely 1000 times, yes. 
And then come to find out you pissed the guy off by sharing it. What a hard left turn. 
Needs more upvotes
Needs more upvotes

edit: I'm honored to have all the downvotes. Thank you so much everyone! 
Hahaha i don't know what I did 
Su a ,,p

I just now assume he hates cats
Preach. 
Couldn't agree more. I don't want 4/5 of the gang. It's all of them or none of them. They each made the show what it is 
He's filming a new show right now for NBC so they don't know if or when he would come back. And talked about filming without him. 
Great timing considering he may not come back... its a travesty 
I assumed but I wasn't sure if it was confirmed lol
I wonder if the red machete finds its way to Rick somehow 
It's a good bait but when you think about it. How many of us are actually going to end up watching the show? Silly Patrice. Can't fool me. Lol
What he said 
they need like french moustaches
"will be an 88-minute monster, which amounts to over an hour of the show + commercials!"

yes. commercials... 
I feel like this should be a message for anyone who calls to bitch and complain to a Customer Service rep of any company. 

They don't call the shots, so don't take shots.
I never noticed. But then again I'm from the US so...
Fake. No one downloaded Seal. 


https://www.amazon.co.uk/Future-Inspired-Christmas-Sweatshirt-Jumper/dp/B017KRP1FE
how polite.
Can I call you to set up an appointment for all the salt in my teeth.?
Starring in King of Cards
seekgeek i heard is the way to go
I'm Ethan BRADBERRY
Clearly you’ve never seen a wild meeseeks in their natural rainforests. 
It’s like they want to push you to the brink so you act violently and then act like they did nothing wrong

Verbal abuse is still abuse 

Fuck that bitch. 
I thought that’s where you first start out at 
I’ve seen the word “before”
That winery is UGE I heard. 
You spelled dick wrong. 
You know this ain’t no Ferris Mueller’s Day Off 
#goodguyfieri
Skinny Pete runs against him. Becomes Political Pete. 

 Should’ve said so. Got a cool mil just waitin to burn. 
Somehow you can definitely fit Saul in there too. 

edit: now I also want a hoverbike
Yeah, Politics! Bitch! 
Sometimes you just gotta live, man. 
hard
That controller adapter is siiiiiick.
and for $6 that's a steal!

BRB GOING TO KBTOYS
I really hope its a show and not just specials..

however, i will take anything at this point. 
Stewart-withdrawals are real
This is the best stuff right here 
eeexxxaaaactly. spoken well and to the point.
that fuckled up
HOW?!
Ugh mine got destroyed after so many uses. My first pair. I miss them. 
I'd see this.
better because its the lego video game version
That’s fucking awesome. God damnit. 
Now I want Twisted Metal cars for Rocket League...

thanks man, thanks..
Don't worry OP. Pitchforks at the ready whenever.
Regardless, karma will find them.
And the sniffles. 
One on hand you gave us Back To The Future...

But on the other.. just please.. could you not right know?
I don't, but Pepperidge Farm does
Fuck it?
This guy fucks. 
I was gonna say... ain't no scrubs on Netflix. 
So many references in one picture. Genius. 
Ugh. Fuck. 

I want Kablam! Back. Even if just on Netflix or something. 
That quote has literally been thrown out of the realm of possibilities
It's also a reference to a Blink 182 song. :p
 

Get withit
Man. Came here because I'm a long time blink/DeFranco fan but not the reaction I expected.  Lol
Wait until next year when nobody likes you cause you're 23. 
That's valid. I didn't think of it. 
just please let it be the spiderman game we've needed..
it was time 4 months ago 
As a Kansasan.

Truth.

Help us, please
D00000d dont do dat
its that high rise that'll allow you to have higher reaching distances
but our president did it... why can't I?! /s
day after my birthday..

right on schedule... 
well when you're right, you're right.
Ping pong. Classic. 
Holy motherfucking balls. Amazing. Just. Fuck. Amazing. 
brb going to wales landfill
No it's not?
Better than the official ones for sure!

Nice idea! 
Hey man. That's two minutes more than me. Haha
congrats for this getting this on Scrubs twitter lol
oh the good ol backfired joke.

love em
Yeah weird it wouldn't go through on the PS app lol
I'll try it from console 
Added sir!

Edit: or ma'am. 😂
This were my exact reasons too. Haha 
Will do. Sounds good. Appreciate it! 
Ah gotcha. I'm wide open this weekend so whenever is fine with me. Maybe if there isn't a full lobby, but maybe if there is we can have practice runs or something lol
When is it? Sounds like a good idea, I do need to learn the basics as well. lol
Bought this game because it looks insanely fun. But can't get past the stupid damn social anxiety of strangers. 
Good times...good times.. lol
Real strong 
Has your experience with randos usually been positive? 
Very helpful. Thanks a lot! 
Are most rooms filled with close groups or is it usually mostly randoms nowadays? Don't have anyone who plays this currently lol
Sounds good. 👌🏻 will do. 
Yeah been wanting to hop on but unsure if it's active and also brand new to the rules and such. 
Good luck. Me and a friend get stuck and they don't give you any kind of hints. Exciting and frustrating!
It's apart of the PlayStation App Second screen. You'll have your own set of puzzles that affect the game world 
I understand. We are trying to beat the puzzle and it's impossible to understand the next step. 
Stuck on the first one too. It's hard!
Love it when r/Blink182 peeks out 
Sad. But true. 
 Agree completely. Especially after all the show has shown already. THAT is too much?  Pfft okay. 
It's all because of the season premiere and everyone getting all mad because it was "too gory"
Like the fuck?
Now I think of terminator 2 
The feels are too real. 
If you've never seen [Elephant](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0363589/) I suggest you do at some point. 
This. This and more this. 
Being able to pin Netflix shows and Hulu shows was one of the top reasons I loved using pins but now. Meh. 
Simons got no guts. 
Don't worrry. Some of us will just try throwing you off instead as well. But I can agree 
So. Much. Importance. 
Has ring 3 gotten any March updates? I am in that but haven't gotten a single one yet 
Oh hooch. 
Very true. They did. And I wouldn't want it to be a cash grab. I'm just saying if they wanted to make something else. That's what they should do and not do another reboot tv series. And it should be for the fans and not the money. 
I don't know. I guess I just feel like a series so great deserves a fitting outro. And a great film to end it would be perfect imo. 
They definitely need a feature film with actual theater release. 

[Then and only then, you can..](https://i.imgur.com/ae7I3v0.gifv) 
This. It's one thing to complain the show wasn't "action-packed". But the whole thing felt so out of touch with the whole series. 
I'm just really having a hard time getting past the fact that they blatantly don't show the gore now that the premiere had such a rage fest. It's just so noticeable. 
Am I the only one who thought pac-man at first glance? 
Maybe they call it ring three because of the Xbox 360s ring of death
RING 3 USERS UNITE!
That's EXACLTY how that sounds. Most of what he says sounds like that. He's kind of a puppet. 
No problem. Ring 3 user here and I wish I could get any information but it seems they ignore us. 
I got your back. 
Couldn't agree more. To the people who say:
"well wearing one doesn't keep you safe"  

Fuck you. 
Put your damn seat belt on. 
As someone who was in a bad car accident a couple of years ago where my ex girlfriend at the time was driving while me in the passenger seat and her 6 year old in the back, on the highway as she speeds at 80mph. Neither of us had seat belts. She got thrown from the car but lived with minor injury while I was tossed around the car and broke and paralyzed my arm for over a year. But her child, who was belted in was completely fine thankfully. 

Seat belts are no joke.  Of course I now am super anal for every single driver on the road. People are dumbasses on the road. 
What a sailors mouth. 
It is now though. At least, as I write this it is.  
Just Kablam! In general. 
Daryl Trump and Carol Connway back at it again. 
Damn Dixon, back at it again wit the black crossbow 
Told my mom it was chocolate syrup. 
Exactly.  
"Alriight". 

Quote of the episode. 
COMMERCIALS AGAIN?! UNWATCHABLE 
Someone tell James Rolfe. 
Holy triforce. That is glorious. 
Maybe the scraba tho
Already scared 😳 
Glad I wasn't alone. 
He means Danger. 
So great,  but man. I just feel so old now. Haha 
I have a pretty different list: 


But it's private
That's a great idea actually. I just feel like they'll always telll you lies unless you know the correct policy. 
That could be valid. If the SM were ever on the floor and didn't always schedule their days here as "admin days". 

Edit: they essentially look at us shifts as "you're on the floor. Not me" kinda vibe. 
Heh link's sink. 
How would one document past incidents? 
I am glad that I know I'm not crazy in thinking that something just doesn't fit right around here. But thank you. Hopefully the DM will be helpful. Although, history has proven otherwise 
Wow. incredible.

Labor hasn't seemed to be an issue as of lately. but its been reoccuring that they are scheduled for themeselves around 20 hours on average a week. and the times they are there it is off the floor time, like, all admin days. 

Currently we had a partner that called in due to such type of emergency, and the SM has done nothing to try and help the barista out so they can attend to their family.

This kind of stuff is ongoing and it has never felt right, but also feeling helpless because they're the boss...
So a kick in the ass then??
She got that Andy Milanokis disease. 
thanks for the info! much appreciated
Man, I'm happy everyone is getting them. Mine has been saying (Pending) for a couple days now and still can't access the forum. 

is this normal?
If our info says "Pending", what does that mean? It recently just said this and am also unable to access the forums. 
Advice I didn't know I needed. Also thank you :) 
Hah. 
Shaggy Defense

"It wasn't me". 

Perfect.  
You tell that to the entirely full cafe of people I had in my store all day/night. 

#boycottmyass
Thank you.  I have needed someone else to say this. As a shift it's just one of the flaws with the position unfortunately. 
Technically you didn't. I did the same. He said bottom so I looked at the bottom. Not middle. Lol
I feel like I heard somewhere that they were going to reboot Celebrity Deathmatch again too. I know they did years ago but short lived. I think celebrity status is so high nowadays it would work better. But who knows. I enjoyed it though. 
Holy fucking pissdicks. This is AWESOME!! 
Nice work dude! 
President Evil : The Final Chapter

In theaters now! 
I concur
We did get the new WTC 2.0
Dang. Thanks a lot. Now I'm out $200 bucks after buying the super rare limited edition unrated, unedited full color 8k version of all the Diehards. 

Fiddle sticks. 
They don't like the McCreaky floor boards probably. 
Boo muthafucka! 
Are we still asking questions? You tell me. 
One might say he's.. RIGHT 2 be ALIVE.  

That's all I have. I tried. 
Dude, it's (College)Jesus. You think he's got time for that shit? 
Ahh, that's a bummer.  
Sugarcult?
Didn't it get released as a XBLA game for the 360? 
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Only because money talks.  He's the grand daddy of money. 
Just when I thought this whole thing was getting a little stale. It just ramped it back up again. Savage af. 
 Agree about the DeLonge voice-in-a-jar idea. 

I'd buy. 
Never knew how much I wanted to abuse a game feature until this video. 

Specifically this game.
God that was hilarious. 
I think what everyone should remember that most negative experiences from the Microsoft store stem from asshole humans.  I feel like replacing a product for a company you work for, to make the customer happy, would be the best way to go about it. 
It bothers me people can't for a second in those situations put themselves in the buyers shoes and relate to how they'd feel being shunned in that situation. 

Retail pisses me off and I work in it. 
We'll carry on
Do or die, they'll never break me. 
You learned something amazing last year then. :) 
I can't tell if this is literal or not.. 
Greg Laswell

Angels & Airwaves 

Bon Iver

Volcano Choir

BØRNS

Day Wave.
Fuck. First person to ever mention Ratatat! 

Great taste right here. 
That's Third Eye Blind dude. /s
I'm so glad I was able to re-remember this. 
Spreading that love it looks like 💙
I'm glad when you're bored your productive. I just twiddle my thumbs. Thank you, sir! 
I don't personally give a shit who posts what. Do whatever the Fuck you want. But posting a new song troll when fans have been waiting for something like this is Just fucking cruel and rude. I'm sure you feel great about doing it though so no point in telling you to fuck off.

Congrats troll

Yeah it's that classic DENUN NUN NUH NUH NUH NUH UH DENUN NUN NUN NUN riff.  


Classic and amazing too. 
A pooppost 
Every. Damn. Time. I feel so bad for them. But it's what happens if you hunch over the bar when I make your drink! 
How come?
Yours is the best one! 👍🏻
Absolutely. I never knew I knew this. But now I know. 

#lukeperry4samdrake
Looks like it's not complex enough for them. 
I knew I was in r/RocketLeague 
I heard Scott Gimple said 4 is the new 5. Mystery solved. 
Charlie Murder

Shoot Many Robots. 

Please. It's not too much to ask. Please. 
Those poor non real families! 
I was meaning more the homes that are burnt down and such. 
Random
But it'd be pretty interesting to see this location back when the streets and houses were still filled with neighbors and such. 
Please sir,  may I have sum morrr? 
No sarcasm here. I just simply wasn't aware that it existed. Lol
You're the true hero. Not me. 
I was not aware of this.  Thanks everyone. 
Speaking of emojis. They need to implent an emoji feature into the Xbox itself. 

edit:  I don't know why I'm being downvoted because I wasn't aware it was implemented already. Hrmph. 
Shit. Still use them today! 
>Ted Mosby wouldn't approve.

Stuff, kids... he said stuff..  
You're right. 

Damn, I'm gettin' too old for this shit..
Who's the second? 
Oh man. I loved Blinx. I would play and buy in a heartbeat. 
More like. Are we prancers? Or are we dancers? 
Don't worry. This comes from the same guy who thought moron was spelled with 4 letters. 
Damn. That's gonna be forever away. I heard that comes out when TLOU 2 comes..
Ahh. I'm sure glad Bill listened and didn't just chalk in a whole bunch of Microsoft stuff. What a bamf
Holy shit. I need this mode now. Pls ND. 
It doesn't matter how hard you try. 
Even though I missed these. I just also wanted to stop and say this was an awesome thing to do.  We need more people like you out there. 
People like you are  reason I keep coming back to reddit daily. Thank you. 
Thank you. So much. 
Is there a specific reason I'm missing as to why he sent a bunch of Nintendo related products? Well.. just Legend of Zelda stuff,  dude must be a huge fan. 

Edit: that couple are also the epitome of luck. 🤞🏻
Came here to say Nathan Fillion too. That's all I see when I look at Nate. 
Tomorrow.  
"Probably won't stay there though, damn kid has such bad vision he can't tell the outdoors from the indoors."
I am Glenn. We are all Glenn. 
Michonne shot that savior. 

Probably not gonna be telling much to Negan...
All I can think of with this picture is Charlie wondering why Negan has his rat bashing stick?
Truth. If you think about how little time has passed between each episode. It's not been long enough for a concern for experienced survivors. 
Would really enjoy one if you see this 👍🏻
Fucking brilliant! 
All vaginas are beautiful. What a bunch of pissdicks. 
I never knew how much sense this could make until now. It's perfect. 
I'd love to win this for a friend of mine. Almost have a full squad. Help us out please! 
Like how he decided to reply with his favorite song being a Tom song. 
This is so great.  GOD DAMN. 
What he said 
Heeeeeerrrrreeees TREVOR!
#Whoisit? can suck my nuts. 
That's episode 7?
Even though it should be break*
It could work to say you can't "stop" him. ;)
Huh..?
I feel like we all knew eventually he would "shave that shirt since he's referenced it twice already. 
Just a matter of time. 
Yep. From season 6 right?
I wish I could give you 182 upvotes. 
I have no idea. It's definitely something they need to fix though. Would like to have some sort of 3D Touch on iPhone to reveal spoilers or something 
Only downside to those types of spoilers is that the Official Reddit app doesn't hide those unlike desktop. I saw your spoiler without a chance in hell to hide it, luckily I knew so it's okay but my main point is... Reddit App needs to get their shit together to hide spoilers 
You had me at Ladies. Be there soon! 
In some aspects. We'll never let you down when it comes to letting you down. 
That cunning motherfucker. 
I'm Regan.. Rehehehehehe
Yeah! Now why don't you make like a tree, and get outta here! 
Clearly they take Scooby prisoner,  you can tell from the look on his face it ain't gonna be no easy street. 
Heh.  Sky walker 
Skywalker

I'm done. 
Probably due to the censors.  Shouldn't be there in the first place. Lol 
Yet, still can't say fuck. 
It reminds me of after the prison when they all got split up. The episodes were good, but watching them live every Sunday it can be hard to keep focus sometimes 
I'm gonna go with Easy Street 
That's what I thought 
Basically, yep
I shouldn't be laughing. 
So I'm laughing. 
Damnit Internet. You're great. 
Yeah very surprised by this.. I don't know how I feel about it. 
Lots of "ell" in there. 
Link? 
The only thing I would say is Rosita or Sasha. Either one of those could potentially weaken or break him. I'd say Eugene. But well.. ya know..
Please please please be a thing someday. 
Mostly my brain farted and I forgot about the Disney-Marvel duo. 
Ahhh both make sense. 
But... why..? 
He's changed. He's adapted. He IS a survivor. 
Where's the Trash Man when you need him?!
Should've been half of the fucks belong to Negan. 
I know. I keep thinking Maggie should be the one to kill him. But then again so does Rick and Rosita and hell everyone needs a shot in. Daryl already got his though. 
Of women only?
Seriously. Truth. 
I don't know how to feel about any of this right now. Someone help me! 
Rick is the little spoon now 
What are we saying here?
Maybe that's their way of getting his hype train to a stop? 
My thoughts exactly. Jesus fuck. 
God damnit Daryl. I hate you. 
Never mind. Glenn goes too. 
At least Glenn is alive? 
They are. 
But that Arrival tho. 
Looks like TSDF are wrong
Seriously 
You know what they say about curiosity....

Wait.. that's cats. 

Never mind. 
I'd vote for him over Trump of Hilary 
This is beautiful. Keep it up!
Literally unplayable 
Food.  They're Waffles silly.
Fuck this for you*

FTFY
This has to be a trick..
Vocalist here if needed. 👍🏻
I could easily see this cancellation as. A ploy to twist it with the leaks. Any press is good press. And then next signing they set up will be a larger turnout probably because of it all. 
RUMHAM!!
Well. Maroon 5 has peaked apparently. 
More like, where'd that dumpster come from?! 

Amirite?
"thru"..? 
Sounds odd
No... neeeeevvver
U got a dominus?
There are some that don't have them yet. Or at least random tv shows. I remember watching Review and it had subtitles for a while then one day it was just gone lol
Now if Hulu can follow
What they said! 
It better than a boat
Netflix always has incorrect captions. 
A lot of the shows I'll watch will always have these random minor inconsistencies. Sometimes it's funny though.
Yes. Yes and MORE YES. 
Daaaaaalee
Acting? Fun? Hahaha good one. 
Bob?
Or Big Bang Theory Cast? Jesus Christ they getttin' Paaaaaaiiiiiiid
But. But Turk was a surgeon! He wore Green. 
Unwatchable. 
You do end up selling posters my friend, you have my purchase! I guarantee it. 
WHO. IS. [CARLOS](http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/himym/images/0/0e/Carlos.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20120626051319) ?!?
It was in "Purple Giraffe" S01 E02. His role was minor but totally different character than he normally does now. 
He was just phenomenal on that one episode of How I Met Your Mother. Just...phenomenal...
It's always more likely to assume it got pushed back other than them pulling it forward. 
Duuuuuuuuude.. craaaazy..
Now I remember. I don't know why I didn't think of that. Stupid Enid.
I'm glad I'm not the only one. I don't know what JSS even stands for.
That's the only answer you need to. I still want to rewatch it a second time. But 4 years later and I still actually can't bring myself to do so. I'm not ready for it yet! 
I'm sorry. I hate to be that guy. But what am I missing here? 
You know what? Forget Tom. The worst thing is still the over use of promoting Windows. I understand that's what it's for but damn. Stop cutting away for a hot minute. 
Came here to say this. Thank you. 
Maybe. If he's a good boy and eats his vegetables. Just maybe..
But hey. You learn something new everyday! 
So glad this is the first. It's the only reference needed 
Now we just gotta find Travis somewhere. This is the best where's Waldo (Blink-182 edition) ive ever played. 
Man. This is awesome. I really want a Mountain Dew now! 
But you also don't want to get excited...

A fuckin tease, man. 
Is it weird that my 4th time through it made me see it in a different light? And I was more on walts side in that situation than I was before ?
I would really like the last episode of BCS to be with Walt walking into his office for the first time. 
Is there something wrong with earths gravitational pull in the future???
Like rocket League. 
 [that's what I'm talking about. ](https://cdn.meme.am/instances/400x/42723055.jpg) 
Oh...
Haha. Nevermind


Wow. That's awesome. What makes this preferred for some gamers?
I've seen those forever now. But as a non CPU player I never could grasp how you'd use that. Is it made for one handed play in some ways?  Legit question btw. 
It absolutely does in some games. 
Isn't money technically a materialistic thing? 
Yeah. The opinion of game developers. Some people physically do better with a controllers vs kb+m. 
Based on opinion
I usually say "play" and then the name of the game. And it works 
He's right. 100%
Couldn't have said it better. Exactly. 
Gotta make sure you get that backdraft going 
Exactly whether you liked it or not, it in the end will be memorable and even if the hate is talked about. It still lures people to want to check out the show if they haven't before. Just talking about it as much as it has will make it memorable enough. 
THANK YOU. I've been wanting a gif of this!
And there it is folks. 
Beautiful 
Obviously Daryl guys 

Norman was really going at it with the bat. 
If only that were recorded!! Holy shit. Priceless. 
Hard left turn. 
Dis ugly. 
How did you feel about the finale? 
This whole world is divided. The gaming industry should be the start of bringing the two groups together as a whole. 
I says I says... biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitttchh
Wouldn't strange times ep make 4 if it's out in October?
My hero. 
Well spoken my friend!
Waiting for those trade in deals for the original Xbox One. 
YouTube works. However sometimes my buttons and search bar at the top just disappear, but if I press where the cast button would be it'll still pop up. Weird but I knew the consequences going in. Thankfully I can still cast to Netflix from my laptop in the meantime. 
Yeah but he had better punctuation 
I still really like PTL and Disaster. 
I got your back. Take the upvote. 
Its sad that I never think to use his mine to reach high places. I dumb 
You mean out of his butt?
Yes!! Been missing his covers!
More or less the fans aren't going to let him forget it. WDNTW has been an impactful album for the majority of AVA fans. You can't just half ass this 
A mobile version would be sick. 
Thank you guys for the perfect reference. Take my upvotes NOW!
T-Dog's back. 
I hope Blizzard sees this and makes something like this. 
fucking christ, 3 tries to say that shit.
He seems to enjoy it..I mean afterall, haters gonna hate , (hate hate)
"weird"

"whats weird"

"you weren't there."


WHERE WERE YOU?
I am having the same problem, can't even get into a server alone. just end up at a loading screen forever.
Just drop us off at (your) home. 
That actually makes sense! I always had wondered why my right hand didn't prune up as bad as my left hand did, my right hand suffers from nerve damage from a car accident. Very interesting. 
Now I'm crying... thanks Ben! This brought back so many wonderful memories of the 80s and 90s. Going to the video store was my favorite thing to do as a kid, and as an adult I am still a cinephile. I wish new technology could exist along with the old, instead of replacing it. My kids will never know what going out and renting movies was like, and it makes me really sad.﻿

I see a problem thats about 2GB's worth of problems. 
It would've lasted longer
And don't you forget you whipper snapper! 
You was a wittle baby. Haha
I was 15..  holy shit...
Preach! 🙌🏻
People still play this? It felt like it was lost and forgotten quick,  I wish it had done better. It had so much potential! 
I don't know what it is, it just always sounds like he's trying REEEEEAAALLLLYY hard to sing.
bravo on the explanation. 10/10
I second this. 
Well fuck...
Watch him as he goes
Maybe it was a conspiracy and really
It wasn't a gameboy, but an SNES instead and the world makes no sense anymore? HUH!!?
One person's craziness is another person's reality.

Is it just me, or are Matt's glasses annoying crooked?  STRAIGHTEN EM DAMNIT
Noticed it too
All that jazz
Well... Fickle poop. That blows. Thanks for letting me know though! 
Sadly no
Yup
Question, when is it released for free beta? Instead if you're a developer?
If they are real,  I NEED THEM! 
Volcano Choir. Haven't heard anything recently. 
Very well said. I think that's the perfect way to describe the tool.  Auto tune and pitch correction in general get a bad rap because of well.. Rap. (Not that rap is bad, I enjoy it) 
I should've explained. It was late when I posted that,  I was just referring to the fact that Matt Thiessen is an amazing vocalist, I just had never imagined he would want/need to use it. I don't mind the song, it just threw me off guard. Don't hate me!
He's not doing anything. It's like finding out Santa isn't real, right? 
No no no. Why is there a song with full on auto tune?!
real assassins shave
FBI just happened to be in the neighborhood and pooped** in to say hello.

Read it this way, keeping it this way. 
Hai. I AMC. I sues you. 
This makes me fear for life. On a new spectrum of fandom
Done and done. 
Best time to be on the net. 
RIP 
I picked the wrong day. 
Because I have to be a good day to be a good time to get a new one is a good day to be a good day.
Especially 9 months ago
noooooooooo, whyyyyy??
Maybe a ...dare I say.. ONE direction?!
Hall. I thought mall too though. Haha
Unequivocally yes. 
I'm sorry 
I don't know where I read this or heard this. But I am almost positive I read somewhere that usually "She" has been used as a symbolism for Tom. 
Great reference within another reference. 
everyone work as a team to PM everyone, then we shall all be heroes.
..just sayin..
*And that's about the time that Blink was done* /

*Nobody likes you when you're 41* /

*And you're still more amused phenomenons* /

*What if it's no conspiracy?* /

*My friends say I should act my age* /

*Where's my alien?* /

*Where's my alien?*


Eh,  I tried. Lol 
That was ridiculous. And hilarious to read. 
Where's my alien? 
More people need to read this. 
Fuck. I've been trying to get one of those for AGES!! Floppy bastard! 
Here for the upvotes. Came to see if there's any left. 
Thanks. I was actually asking in all seriousness. Don't "price match" ever and was just curious. Heard different stories from different companies. 
Thanks, I was asking in all seriousness. Don't really go out to ever "price match" but just curious how it worked. 
It took a hard left turn apparently. 
Can't that be illegal somehow?
what a coincidence
This whole trailer confuses me, intrigues me, and worries me all at the same time.

Must. See. It.
http://gradcolor.com/

this generally works great for me when I am looking for specific colors to use
I'd say it's open in the air at this point
You're my hero. 
You get an upvote for your name. Keep reppin'!
Friday?
Jesus....fucking..christ..
The finished product was not what I expected, but rather much greater than I anticipated!  

I could easily see a demand for its first people who want their own custom cars. A lot of work. But something like that would be so awesome. 
Here's to hoping for them to be in deleted scenes 
My right arm was paralyzed for about a year after a car accident left my upper humerus shattered.. I can't begin to  imagine what you'd be going through, but that year for me personally was the longest and scariest year of unknown certainties. 
This is and should be the best way to describe this documentary to someone. That's truly how I feel too. 
Sticks and stones may break my bones..but words hurt forever..
And yet. You don't see Michael Cera getting a lawsuit out for it. I for one wouldn't be upset if my likeness was used, unlike the other celebs who have sued. 
I KNEW IT 
Starting to think this is not just an ordianary speeding ticket.. OP bein too suspcious. 
Hopefully GameStop will do some trade in deals for this. *fingers crossed 
So that's what mark will most likely look like as an old man 
Damnit. Just posted and didn't see this. I MISS IT 
Reminds me of the time briefly when Xbox 360 users could do a Theater experience and watch movies together. 
I said maybe, you're gonna be the one that saves me... And after all.. You're my Vanderwaal.
It's just reeaaaaal hard to explain that you don't watch "Real Housewives of Orange County" when it's under your Continue Watching section. I be like "naww, it ain't me." And they're like "FUCKING LIAR, YOU BITCH!"
"Hello darkness my old friend, I've come to talk to you again.."
Pfft okay. Just because I had chipotle and then drank a bunch doesn't mean I'll shit first and vomit later either. But hey, what do we know? We are dumb dumbs in his eyes. 

Edit: holy shit. Never had that many upvotes. Before. You guys are awesome at making someone feel special. 
They're all same person 
Yes. Yes I am. 
Yes! Couldn't put my finger on it. But you nailed it. 
You're brave. Got 2 seconds and quit it. 
Came here to start this,  was too late. But so glad you guys did it! 
Ya, know, all i want is Charlie Murder and Shoot Many Robots, if these shit arcade titles can be released constantly, why can't they? Hrmph
Exactly. 
I fourth this. The burgers keep making me hungry af too. 
Wow. 
Not too bad. 
I think it's really cool how well some can get the accent down perfectly. 
Crazy a lot of them are British. 
That was quick for them to put it on. 
If only we had something to talk about..... 
I've said it once and I'll say it again JDM plays a GREAT Maggie. 
My highest streak was in the DeLorean lol
Guaranteed they'd ram you off the second they had the chance. Lol
Welp 
He might know. 
Seemed like that guy did it just fine. 

(I definitely couldn't do it. But some could. And yes,  I am jealous of them) 
They come back after they die. Just so ya know. 
Seriously when he was younger. He's just saying TIiiime. Then overtime (hehe) it become toooiiimmee 
I don't know why mark wouldn't harmonize with him. That would sound so much better. That's really what it's missing.  
I start feeling that way now sometimes when I see an attractive girl and if I stare at them I'm afraid to be on the top page of this one day. 😳
YEs
Also Nathan Fielder is awesome!!
Yes!  God I'd wish this could get an update or a new game or reboot? Not faiiiir 
I FUCKING MISS JAZZ JACKRABBIT. I honestly until now thought I was the only kid who played it growing up
Holy canoli balls 
aaaannd now I want a Bender antenna..
#themoreyouknow
Hell I'm not a biker but I'll sign. 
Fucking. Fuck. That's perfect. Day complete 
I'm glad someone agrees. Got bashed for mentioning spoilers from like 6 years ago. Ridiculous 
I do the same. I get random urges every now and then to play it. And it always takes me back 
The sheriff. Not the deputy. 
I had a similar experience with this album as well, it came out at the right time in my life and to this day remains a beautiful album, because of the memories whether good or bad  They were life changing and made me the man I am today. This album will probably remain as a one of the best albums made in my opinion. 
I'm all about them hexagons
Whoa. I'm currently on this exactly episode now rewatching. I love coincidences. 
Resus Peanut Butter Cups
You know. Like from Wendy's. Yum. 
This is very true. And I don't get it. 
You're probably right. But it was something in that scene and the way it affected him.  Just it my feel spot too hard. 
Definitely Beth's scene. Never saw Daryl cry. The man tears flowed. 
Let's just hope they don't just cut him off completely next season and he just poof'd into thin air. Then again,  dumber things have happened on this show sometimes..
Mutt 
I think you might work with a friend of mine, his names Charlie
Always
touche. lol
i wonder how we can *intend* to not fuck with him?

Edit: I suck.
That or State of Decay, minus the mmorpg part. 

great game too.
Fuck you Greg. 
The fakery smells are strong in this one 
I
Wake
Up
Life
Goes on
though
the night
Gets me every time. Lol
Holy shit....
I wonder how they're feeling?  
Also didn't like it though. Haha
So fucking good!
My ears. Dear god...
I don't know if I'm the only one who noticed the way they shot each one when he was picking, Glenn was the only one with a side shot. Not face forward. I'm not saying it's a huge meaning, however. They purposely did it that way. I don't know it just stuck out to me. 
Makes you wonder if the stories we get told on here, are like this through the eyes of other perspectives? 
Probably release every liquid from every hole on the human body.
It wouldn't spoil it for me, I haven't even read it. I agree with that logic. my opinion. :).
Still sorry though.
this isn't spoiler by now, i'm still sorry.. found out through a gif before i even watched it if it makes you feel better.
Its like when Gus died in Breaking Bad, nobody just stopped watching it afterwards, we all wanted to know what would happen next!
No. I refuse to accept Carols death because of that fuck.
Meanwhile, Morgan is trottin 'round town.
Rick is FUCKING scared.
man, I missed the commercials
shit got real.. 
What was even the point?
its gotta be some weird marketing thing going through actors like that
i think they read minds.