They just want the pride and accomplishment of being the first open each box
Naw they’ll just call it a donation to Flint
Or the people around you during college graduation (had to get through the bad speeches somehow)
I’ve found so many weird and interesting finds at the outlets. Sometimes it’s nothing, other times you walk out with a nearly complete game. Hell once I found Rock Band Beatles instruments and other times I’ve found perfectly good computer parts for use in the legacy machine
03’ Trailblazer uses the same cluster. Had to replace it in my old rig once after a trailer shorted the electrical and all of the gauges started randomly cycling. That was certainly a fun morning...
I think mostly because it’s different and has an upbeat sound while still maintaining the VERY dark undertones. The album kinda hits you with some positive vibes but as it continues reveals the darkness underneath and some people may have been turned off by that. Of course this is okay it’s all about each persons opinion.
Brb gotta go to stores
Not during the liquidation. Those liquidators are firm on all pricing 
Don’t forget my headphone jack (I know they won’t but I can dream can’t I?)
23, still get carded at R-Rated films
You should take a look at the Disney store site. They will put the logo on just about anything 
I mean it’s the same price as any other wine stopper from the Disney Kitchen collection
I see you’re a true fellow of culture like myself
Definetly the mirror embedded turn signal. (Source: worked at a GM garage, also never break one of those they’re like $500 each)
Please he’s probably the type of person that would want to see the minimum wage lowered because he thinks “that’s only for kids and real adults would be able to get ‘real’ jobs”
Look at the tailgate, guarantee that he wouldn’t notice anything less than a huge hole in his door
I did a closed alpha test (I mean this was so far from complete it ended up going from PC to phone and tablet) but whenever I would start the game my steam would show me as offline and never give notifications or play time on my profile. This was back in 2014 so I’m guessing it’s all about what stage of development the game is actually in.
Fine, international treasure it is.
I’ll have you know Elyse is a national treasure that should be respected 
Hmm... 🤔 


Somethings not right here
No it was my wording that was a bit off
I was talking about the lightening cable that’s for charging the remote
You say that but Apple TV still has a white cable (it annoys me WAY more than it should)
Maybe they’ll do another 2019 Edition? (This time with all of the ray gun models...)
Can’t forget about the free market deciding internet commerce is cheaper than brick and mortar. No no, we can’t have that, better say everything is Amazons fault
So basically they’re trying to make Black Mirror into reality... ya that’s certainly not a poor idea or anything...
Someone reported that a bear came out of one. Truly frightening times we live in.
*Kung-Fu Rider* 
Reason; it’s a fun game to play with other people and it’s absolutely ridiculous. Now I wouldn’t pay all that much for the game but I don’t think there’s much demand either.
See if it’s technically a different edition (such as including a soundtrack) they could easily get away with it.
You gotta be a real student and store all that homework on floppy disks. It’s the only way to properly store notes. Even the save button agrees
Well I’ve never come across a badge like the one pictured. I’d never heard of a dealer doing that before now
I can confirm this as I did some work taking in cars and removing other dealers decals after being shipped in from the auction. Now the worst are the foil stickers. Let me tell you I hate those
Made me think “wow another piece of tech to go bad 5 years into the cars life”
The girl and her robot is another one that’s sorted by “the”
I’d just keep it, it’s not like those graphing calculators go obsolete (plus there’s always tax season)
I think it’s really because it was supposed to release next to Far Cry 5 and they knew it couldn’t compete like that. Delay a month and have a better chance
My grandfather did this with Tetris. Aunt gave it to him around 1990 then we upgraded him to the Advance in 2002. When he passed a couple years back I got both original units. They’ll never leave my collection either.
Check your local selling sites. I have 3 7th Gen Nano’s I use for gigs where I need music between acts that I got each for less than $55 (hell one was brand new in the box for $40)
It’s clearly because they looked at P4 and not P4G, had they looked at the definitive P4 experience it would have been top 10 damn it 
Tetris is what got me into gaming (okay it was the only video game I owned for the first 7 years of my life)
Microsoft dropped the Kinect almost as quickly as Sony dropped the Vita (and I’m bitter about both damn it)
What you should do is send that on over to me. I’ll dispose of it for you.
Now drench it in reverb and make an ambient track (I’m joking please do not do this)
Is there a way you can backup and preserve some of those preproduction games? I feel like those will be huge down the line when looking at the history of these systems
Had a customer come in with a transmission issue on a car 2 months from being off lease. Needless to say we told them to cut it loose and just lease a new car. 
I think you mean our CD collection Comrade.
Oh boy did they.
Can we make a Sonic Move controller for PSVR as well? 
Biggest tip is to hunt around locally IF you absolutely want that specific color. I have an AGS 101 I got from a GoodWill of all places. Remember now every small show knows what to look for
Naw just use duct tape, much quicker /s
I agree with that, also remember that you can order new cases online and swap the internals to whatever color you want
Look there’s no perfect solution but I would like to point out that Nintendo had a policy on the Wii through 3DS and WiiU that all content was tied to a system not an account where losing the system was losing all of the content. This is what happens eventually in a purely digital world. Just like you lose your songs if you break or lose a Vinyl.
I’ll have you know it’s called “preserving” instruments. It’s not like I have a closet full.......
A true shame, I wish there was a real SUV comparable to the old TrailBlazer EXT
Idk I kind of like it, now I wouldn’t drive it but I would certainly give them a thumbs up if they passed me on the road.
Payed 31.99 (I work at GS and got it release week) here’s the deal on the game. It’s fun, it’s 100% absurd, and it has many glitches. That being said if you’re into the Onechanbara universe then it’s a good pickup. It’s a spin-off and you need to know nothing. 

TLDR: I’d say it’s worth the $20 just remember to go in with indie game expectations not AAA or even AA.
My parents have a profile... still sometimes see that my father has used mine because it happens to show up first...
I see you’ve met most of my Beatles records passed down from family members that were teens in the 60’s
Me at 23: No one loves me anyway
I realized not long after completing the Farewell Episode that my universe was the worst. Max told Chloe on a cassette tape she was leaving and (from Chloe's end) that was the last message Max ever had for her because she'd have been shot and killed. They never speak again, one thing happens and then WHAM, that's it, no wonder Chloe had so many abandonment issues. 
I think it’s good... just like Moxie. Go ahead change my mind
Throw Linux Mint on it and place it in a modern looking case and you might just have a market to corner 
“Only looking for past prime pro bowlers balls, will buy for $1/each. NO CRAP!”
:( its not my fault that I needed space to put the bands PA and instruments
What does said TRON controller look like? I don’t think I’ve ever seen one
Buy controller
Beat overwatch match with a controller
????
Profit?
“Founded 1947” well I mean I feel like that’s a given.
Edit: typed 1948 instead of 1947
Just remember that the dongles will cost more than just the guitar. So if you see a crap guitar but it has a dongle and doesn’t cost a lot then pick it up and find a nicer guitar without a dongle for cheap.
When you say the OG strat do you mean the RB1 era or the entire lineup of strats? 
Ahh, I picked it up last year on the clearance of the party pack. $50 for the game two guitars and “money” for the multiplayer. It was okay but most of the time I have friends over that want to play RockBand drums so we don’t touch it.
This is 6-Days old but I want to point out that if you can’t find the newer sets and you’re on PS4 to look out for Beatles/2/3 drum-sets. Those are better than the PDP set (consistency wise at least) and about on par with the madcatz from my experience. 
Oh so I’m not the only person who hasn’t touched it in months at least
Got Rosanna, thanks for the reminder
“They said ‘keep Portland weird,’ well for our next project we chose the wrong Portland but still made something weird”
Mine was a buy with 5 year payments at 0% (its like $500/month)
You don’t. And if you’re using them for mixing you don’t want to use a sub because if it sounds good on these it should transfer well to a system with a sub.
Just got some HS8’s for my Pro-Tools Rig and they’re damn nice speakers. (In my opinion they sound better than any modern Genelec)
I just got the 4-cyl in December (2017 Model) while sometimes it’ll seem you can’t get up to speed super fast I assure you that the car feels peppy and quick. Now as a disclaimer my pervious vehicle was a 2003 Chevy TrailBlazer EXT which was a bit more sluggish. (Basically mileage may vary on how you think it drives but the 4-Cyl is peppy)
I’m hurt by that statement. Don’t you call my car ugly
Christmas world confirmed?
Still working on 0, Kiwami, and 5... still gonna end up starting 6 and playing the same endless game I always do...
Classic Malicious Compliance 
Makes it easier to hack, obviously

/s
Ahh the post College time of “I either get the TV and system or a stand, not both” 
I hear your giveaway and request entry
But what’s the read and write speed on those $13 cards? That can make or break using it for a Switch.
“Featuring Dante from the Devil May Cry Series”
Just checked the website... apparently it is... 
Don’t forget about when you forget it’s linked to your Facebook and playing through 10 times trying to get the trophies only to Log on and be told to “stop spamming” the feed with the photos.
They’ve lost some of the draw. Over summer I did some work in the city where I needed to be in at 6am to Cambridge. I live in seacoast NH and wasn’t going to move for 12 hours a week. So I take the C&J down and get into the city at 5am. Wouldn’t you know the T doesn’t run that early. I had to walk from south station to Cambridge at 5am just because the T doesn’t run early enough. Hell I’d have taken a bar job but the T stops running before any bars get out. None of the decisions make sense to anyone that isn’t working 9-5.

Edit Corrected Bad to Bar 
That’s the devils lettuce and will give you a first class ticket to hell you heathen 

/s (Obviously) 
Ahh that’s why I bought one, those darn 4 years in Maine is what did it. 
Just throw on a painted pair of Audio-Technicas 
*Sees Digital Device*
“Ahh look at this modern hardware”
Everyone has a case of the Fridays sometimes
This is why everyone in Dover calls it Rottenchester... 
Sorry all I got is the skylander, not the rare one, just the vanilla one. No low ballers, I know what I got
On Windows you just need to enable the ability to see hidden folders and then copy and paste the songs off of the iPod 
The Minis can even be upgraded with an SD card (source: revived an HP iPod Mini using a CF card adapter in place of the HDD)
I want some Splatoon bumper stickers... uhh for science of course... 
There was actually a bundle for the game that was called the “complete watchmen experience” with both the game disc and the film on Blu-ray. I happen to own a copy.
Them removing the Great Movie Ride was a tragedy. Makes me glad I dragged my friend to Disney before they got rid of it
Um grandpa... this is a Dime...
Ahh yes, you know it’s for the Audio when the speakers cost more than the TV
Yes send me your dongles... mine has that issue where it won’t remember the headset properly so I can’t use them... 
I have that same model with the case, flash, cold pack (gotta keep that film warm) and man I wish someone would make the film again. 
“I don’t want to be bothered by peasants while looking out my window”
That’s at least an hour in labor, per trap of course. 
As someone that’s been looking for post jobs I’ve noticed a trend of many places looking for both a video editor and audio editor / foley artist. It’s also never the audio side emphasised in any of these job postings just video.
You don’t want the 64gb, they’re ill fated 
I thought they didn’t add android auto in until the 2018 models? (Subaru of course)
Welcome to the Saab Philosophy
“You didn’t need that radio anyway”
You forgot about P4D and Conception 2....



Okay maybe not everyone will enjoy that last one....
Had a friend who’s father owned a Toyota Sienna from the 90’s like that. Car finally hit the point where it was so far from passing inspection they just had to send it to a junkyard
Well legally all lights on the exterior of a vehicle need to be in working order (at least in my state)
You don’t want to do that. Had to ship my Canadian friend something once and the taxes and fees are ridiculous. Easier to drive to Canada (I mean if you’re in a state near the border that is)
“Life is a lemon and I want my money back” - Meat Loaf
That’s also a barebones service that was more of a test than what the 360 ended up with. There was no store and no real games that required online. That being said the PSP still “supports” online, just not a storefront (that’s assuming you still have a WiFi system that supports the PSP and some modern units do not)
I thought the reason we all had to pay for PS+ was to keep all servers up not just multiplayer
Don’t worry she was PS3-Chan and will always have a place to call home
Naw that’s got a couple inch lift. The rest of the truck is probably stock though
That’s why I took two of these fortresses home when a school was tossing out desks
I see someone else actually played “Gal Gun” based on that background
Speed divots. That just means you can go faster now
“Ya but what about the DEAD voting age citizens, we gotta count them too” - Trump’s FCC
Donald McTrump ^TM
If I recall the covers on Please Please Me were also the songs they performed at The Cavern Club, I could be wrong though
I say we (the US) hire some engineering folks that work on Japan’s rail system and give them free reign to overhaul ours. Only seems fair since we can’t get anything right for public transit 
Unless said foreign press is Russian, then they’d say they have all the right to be at press briefings 
I look at mine and say “damn I wish I still had time to play golf”
You’re making fun of a regional icon and that’s just rude. I don’t come into your area and start calling things ugly
From NH, to quote my friend “seatbelts are uncomfortable”
You happen to be looking to sell the white unit for parts?
Grew up in NH and went to college in Maine and still always forgot about sales tax. Hell I still do when I’m in Mass sometimes...
Ya... half a tank... *looks at SUV and cries*
Are... are you me? Because I still use CD’s all the time (did more before the CD Player broke in my car...)
CD’s still have better quality than 90% of the digital music stores... (also does anyone know of a music store that offers lossless?)
Why’d you remind me of that... I need to SAVE money damn it
Bought the last PS4 copy at my store this summer. Few weeks back we got 3 PS4 and 1 Xbox one copy.... 
Living in EPCOT is a hard life. Never even know if your kitchen will be the same when you get home from work. 
2003
It was probably originally in the POS system as Impossible and this was an easy way to ensure any old stock wouldn’t be misplaced in the system (that’s me speculating though)
Back when Pontiac was still around that Subaru would have sold within a month, I’ll agree Buick isn’t all that sporty.
Somersworth.
Meanwhile the Buick dealer in NH I work for has been sitting in a 17’ WRX since last year (when it was under a month old...) 
I knew I forgot to add something to that quote
So the brainwashing worked then. Good good, let me just add this to my notes then.
“Maybe” - Gabe
Ahh I remember during the Amiibo hype days JUST before all the stores got wise to the hype and there was a line of 30 at Target for all of 7 of each Amiibo... mad dash to the back of the store. Worth it for that Rosalina though
Worked a job a couple months where it was $4 for a parking pass but without that pass the total at the end of one 12 hour shift would have been about $50. This was only in Boston, can’t imagine the rates in some cities like New York or LA
I’m constantly impressed at how good samples are getting and how easy it is for smaller groups to get them. This also makes me want to try my hand at samples for a song or two, I just haven’t taken the time.
Didn’t you know that tree power is the newest engine swap?
It wasn’t the aesthetic that threw me out of the game it was the intense story and then suddenly none. You go into level one and it just loses something
If I remember Monday I will look for the wiring book and PM you a photo. Just reply to this comment so it’s in my notifications and I’ll look for it.
That sounds about like how I got a prototype guitar from RB2. Guy was selling Beatles RockBand and when I picked it up mentioned a prototype he had kicking around. Took him up on the offer of course. I think the whole bundle was $50 though it was at a time when they were still in that dip. I’d post photos but I don’t really want to get anyone in trouble for it being in the wild. 
American Wasteland used to be my go to game
Still is. Love me a penny but it might be time to put the old girl down
Oh... my boss has a blue one that he brings out every summer. Didn’t realize it was that rare.
I didn’t even know they did one of those. All I know is I got a copy of the game from the booth they ran. Played it with a friend in one sitting. Throughly enjoyed it
Children in a post infection world are probably sins to them
I was playing Farpoint sitting down with the gun and let me tell you that is something my brain could neither comprehend or WANT to try to think about
There’s actually a scar on my left hand from when a string popped off my acoustic at the VERY end of a 3 day event. Didn’t notice it until I was off stage and someone pointed out I was bleeding.
Persona 5 Crimson anyone?
It’s a promotional item. As for worth? Maybe to the right person but with the internet it’s harder to find those people that NEED the physical disc 
Basically when the cymbals came out they dropped the band set price to $100 and have them as a “free” item. It was as supplies last and I don’t think any stores will be getting any more (of course with November getting closer there’s a chance but I don’t think they will with space already being a premium)
I was lucky I had just run Ethernet to my basement this past summer so it wasn’t an issue where I have mine placed
I actually use mine to both play games on my tv and surf the Internet because it’s easier than messing up my aspect ratio (and my icons, damned windows)
I’d bought one during the last $15 sale. Clearly I should have waited
Boy you haven’t left the city areas all the often have you?
I did exactly as the planogram specified sir!
I plan to use the one I got as a RockBand Kiosk for when my friends are over
Man I wish I had the PS3 kiosk. That thing had style
Nope, believe me this disposal method was allowed
I can’t comment all that much on anything but there was something about “donation” in the... erm, let’s just call it “order” 
There should also be a media player with a USB in the back as well. Should be around halfway up inside. You can put anything on a USB or SD and it’ll play it on your tv on loop
Whomever owns the vehicle should really take off those shipping plastics before they damage the paint
Over the past month we lost half a shelf of 360 and a full shelf of PS3 games at the GameStop I work at. This is definitely the time to stock up, especially on harder to find RPG’s because those are going faster. *also Vita has been relegated to basically nothing to work on that if you want them as well*
Oh don’t worry the signage is included in the price and they even make a profit on that too
Some people do it on purpose. Used to have a lot of priests that purposely shut off mics then wondered why they weren’t on. But the actress didn’t intentionally do it. Made me always remember to power lock mics from then on though.
Opening number of a show I worked the lead actress had accidentally hit the power switch with a last minute hair pin addition to her wig... needless to say we put every mic on power lock for the rest of the run
With that shape I’d guess keyboard but I can’t be sure. Can you take a photo of the inside? I know Disney regularly auctions off old props and gear.
Every weekend I’d go over to a neighbors house and play it. Still don’t have a copy of my own yet, though if I saw one I’d pick it up.
No love for Star Fox Assault I see...
Still have one in my closet. We even found an unopened pack of the “gel”? Or whatever that substance was
“I payed $68k for this vehicle, I’m above these scrubs” - Yukon Driver (Probably)
Normally around $10 in my area. Obviously the better condition ones will sell for a bit more. But locally I don’t see many above $15-$20 unless boxed
That is a-okay, just another thing not to be yelled at about bringing home for the rig
We just had a trade come in like that as well. I swear they make those cheaper every new model
But what about Moxie? I need my Moxie
I’m going to be in the city tomorrow through Monday. I’d love to add one of these to my rig.

Edit: I said Monday but really mean Tuesday (such is fast typing)
It’s even a New 3DS XL. You’ve gotten the deal of a lifetime
Ya I’d say $400 is the perfect price for that system. You don’t know what kind of stress those speakers were put under when they were used and who knows if they weren’t used all the time. Mostly just don’t pay anywhere near retail (especially on older gear) for speakers. (The exception is studio monitors from specific brands)
Don’t forgot that Let It Be single
Well actually Walt’s idea for the city went far further. Basically the Disney Corp. would own everything including furniture. Everyone would work in the city and you could come home one day to everything in your house changed. It was a good in theory idea just not in practice.
Well I suppose there’s no reason so custom machine springs when you could use something else for less money 
My favorite generation
Well I’ve always wanted an excuse to start playing again
That’s assuming 7 Of them aren’t just dead pipes 
Hell even back in the 20’s and 30’s they would never make the actual bumper from wood
If you got the set I think you probably did and have issues with “wind noise” I’d suggest using the included “dead cat” over the microphones. I’ve used it when recording car engine foley and it worked quite nicely
They know what’re they’re doing too. If they release more a month out from Mario they know you’ll say “well I might as well pick up SOMETHING” so they’ve already got two sales off you out the gate
It also seems to imply one can’t like both Blink and Black Flag....
Part of me would be okay with this the other part knows that it could go poorly and some of those stores need a lot of upgrades (there's one in the city I went to college in that still has an 80's facade and mostly 80's interior)
"If you spent less on your interactive tv box and i-phone maybe you could afford it"

 /s because someone will probably take this literally
Ya I can't believe people would bike on this road clearly designed for golf carts /s
But how many and are we talking small or big-gulp sized? 
Age 22, couldn't find my capo, bought a second capo, then proceeded to find the original in my bass case... because that's totally where it belongs...
I still do that unless it's a Gate-Fold
There's already a premium tag on most wireless, there could be a corded version and the wireless is usually at least $100 more
Well actually we don't, we only have so much wireless spectrum and we're trying to use more and more for various things. 
After finding out the specs of the lightening 1/8" adapter I have less of a problem with going that route. Sure it's a pain to have to buy $10 adapters but if they're as good as the spec sheet suggests then it's whatever.
Back in 2011 I got an android from Motorola. It was great. Then it had a fatal error after an update (I mean if it got a text the phone would "black screen" basically it's version of Blue Screen) so I'm like "okay wtf guess I'll try an iPhone 4S since I have nothing to lose" and since then I've used iPhone. (Also note that 4S still functions unlike the android)
Don't forget that same handheld also loved to break for NO REASON
Ahh the opposite of a real Audi then
Crazy Taxi Arcade. Used to be awful, then recently managed to get 30th on a machine that had the full force of summer tourists
If you're not going to fix them I could do it. Need some excuse to order more parts
I'd drive it
I mean I'd drive it. With that much time being passed she might need her engine to be rebuilt to get running at full again. Still assuming the vehicle isn't destroyed by any rust or rodents it's a doable restore with a little cash and hard work
Store I work at sold out of Destiny 2 (waiting on a second shipment) and nearly sold out of NBA 2k18 last night at a late release. Meanwhile Xbox One we have plenty of both games still in stock.
Oh ya of course. Even the community college I'm taking this extra course at requires gen ed classes for any degree
I mean I'm taking one course right now. Though I should note I do already have a degree so it's more just an extra class to help with jobs
Well these days the radio systems are for backups in emergencies. For example if you have a blizzard or a hurricane come through that kills all power and cell towers for an area then the only way to get information is an areas designated Emergency Station. They have days worth of generator, and can send out mater emergency alerts. (For example one I worked for had been the areas E-Station for so long they had a "bomb" shelter. Complete with 1950's cinderblocks and sharp corners because "radiation can't turn corners!"
It's also for relay stations. (Worked for one radio station that was a region master and one that was a slave Station). Basically the first set of tones (for radio at least) tell the relay to start recording, once it's finished it repeats to tell it to stop and interrupt all programming and broadcast. Slave station I was at was 5th in line for national signals so they sometimes sounded awful
With a resume like his he can go to any company once he feels ready and be welcomed
This is true. My guess is it's a whole pipeline thing. Studios as large as Disney have to have plans on upgrades. They may have money but it's not "okay 4K is in so time to replace every piece of gear from editing to cameras for this trend" 
This was what I went through in 2015 trying to find a copy of Tangled. It was cheaper to buy the 3D version because of the artificial scarcity 
I've lost laptop keys but most of the time it's things like the enter button (back in the IM days when you hit that after every line) and backspace (need I say more?)

Worst one is when I lost a key from dropping a laptop off my dorm bed freshmen year of college... lost 4 keys because of the dent (aluminum deck)
What if we made the back of the bike the scooter wheel?

Wait actually why not just add the scooter platform (possibly from an A3 for better feeling rides) to the back of the bike so your friend can hop on (yes I know that's what people used the pegs for but this is for science!)
Unless they acquired some patents that would make it cheaper. Though my guess is most of those are expired by this point
Where's the "Streaming Alloy Air Car" 
That would imply that path for the future has orgies for some reason
"It belongs in a museum!"
That pink Mini is sexy
When I started that game I said "I could get a platinum on this" 

I still don't have the platinum. Can't do it
I'd use it as an everyday if I ever bought a Yugo. I mean it's not like someone would ACTUALLY steal one. 
Can I join you on this. I'll do some editing... I just don't have auto-tune
Sounds like it might be bad pins on the connector. Due to how small they are you may need better tools than normal to clean the pins
Was hoping at least one person brought up that band. They're an interesting time
It's a great state to live in! 
I've thought about getting a 2DS just so I can fill in regions.... never gonna fill Japan now though...
Really? I still get traveling mii's...
Oh man I remember two summers ago when I was going to Nevada from NH. All I had to do was turn the system on in the couple airports we went through and it was near full. 
Oh... well now I'm the one that has played the fool
"This has the horses in the engine but amazingly the frame isn't designed to support my boat. 1/10"
Well that is what they're designed to do. Great for checking a mix though
It just keeps going doesn't it
Now I want a shirt... why you gotta do this?
Whelp I know where I'm stopping before work tomorrow
I want that Yakuza PS3... damn that looks sexy
I wish we had a rail system like Japan, I want my train car covered in a Pikachu wrap but no... all we get is rust and vomit covered trains...
This can be arranged
I think it was each pressing got a different selection of artists, I think it was listed somewhere how it worked but last I checked was years ago. Feels more of a "please buy these other bands and save our label" level push now that it's gone
I'll be honest, I enjoyed Animal Crossing: Amiibo Fest for what it was. I will also say that it's only good when you and some friends play it while knowing what to expect
The thing with Kodak in the 70's is that they had the ability of modern day Google. They could hire someone fresh out of school and say "here's a couple tasks, when you're done see what ideas you can come up with" that's the only reason digital could happen. The failure to capitalise was certainly there and I understand why. I just don't understand why they said "no I don't think we'll look into this, clearly it's just a novelty"
Idk where you're located but I think I still have parts for that model Compaq if you need some.
You just hit me with a wave of nostalgia, the kind that takes awhile because... ugh the page is still loading.
"Dropped in the ocean" ya okay good cover for "stopped Dalek blaster"
You and I had the same start, I was the coolest kid at school till someone got an iPod Nano, darned show offs.
I had never seen this video, but it just made my day
Did you see that opening cutscene? Might as well be a Tardis as well...
I have a beat up old Nano I named "Titanic" so iTunes says "Syncing Titanic" 
Don't forget about all of the wireless microphones that we can't use anymore.
I honestly thought that was a still from the game that had been relit until I zoomed in.
I'll be honest when I was starting to learn 5.1 in a class last year I found it REALLY weird how few films now have anything more than the 5.1-7.1 mixes. I mean we have films that don't even have a 2.0 or 2.1 mix they just rely on Dolby fold down (which might be why some aren't utilising the field fully?)
Some film mixers haven't fully gotten used to Atmos as a format yet so it's a process of trial and error for what sounds best
A truly beautiful work of art 11/10 
Yup, did it just this past week after cleaning out the collection (also while it stops stacking at 6 you get 60% extra on ALL of the items. Not just the first 6)
I'd take no pack in songs for $10
Found Trumps new Military advisor 
The same folks that listen to the Beatles but hated the Peace and Love that the band tried to politically spread (John Lennon bed in protest anyone?)
Still need earplugs thanks to the drums 
I mean the same could be said for cars as well. From rectangles to curves.
What about UHD? How many different rewinders do I need damn it!?
Well think about all that free time they had to clean it
Good news is you finally have an excuse to clean the shop
This looks like it's a trailer system so maybe he didn't have all the cabling properly coupled? (Idk though I don't drive semi's)
I'd get a version without a battery even if just for longevity
You should see the rate of 3DS games traded without cases
Those would be controlled by Activision. In fact the reason pre-owned fluctuates in price is because it isn't controlled by the publisher but is controlled by stock levels. 
Can't say I've had that Experience. I've had GoT, MC:SM, and Tales run poorly on my PC system
Gotta come up with ideas for maps somehow
As of 2014 when anything was last posted about it the film was still in the negatives 
It's a real shame this movie never left the red, it should have done so well.
No Ramona Dumped Todd, Envy dumped Scott
You can't activate an iPhone without some sort of SIM card. Believe me I tried that with my old phone. Now if you got one the same as your net work and activated with your sim then removed it you'd be fine.
You're telling me... rip left side bracket
Is it your iCloud account that it's locked to? Because if so you can unlock it via the iCloud website
Who the hell turns on location settings in Reddit...
Built and furnished with 100% cement 
Bet you could tow a whole 30' trailer with that /s
If I had $1 for every time I've gone to setup a price of gear for someone and they don't have any CAT5/5e/6 cable I'd have enough to rewire my house
You removed the panelling as well right...
Brb I have an idea
"You mean these aren't supposed to come apart for easy servicing?"
I'd watch that film, the first one just made me want more
Send him the offer again, then tell us what happens
Well at least you get Persona 3: Dance Your Dread Out *Shot to the Heart Edition* 
Listen I know I said that the Camaro is too low but this isn't the solution I'd envisioned...
P5 is a masterpiece. I wish I was good enough to make a series that's equally the same yet entirely different with each release
I think what they really did was invest in more niche games. I enjoyed a couple but sometimes you gotta take the risk and see if it pays off. They know that they're not selling as well as PS4 so they can take risks. Hell PlayStation did some of that last generation.
Meanwhile I'm just trying to find one nice flip up 600 type
Seeing as Comcast is getting into mobile... I'm going to guess this is how they expect to make money
Even in the US Club Nintendo at least had SOMETHING. Such as all the posters I have sitting in my closet from Club Nintendo (I'll put them up... someday...)
Mmm love the old Nano's
My mother was a teacher, used to clean her board every time I went into her classroom just because I hated that she never cleaned it. That smell of wet slate and chalk is one of the few smells I can still remember 
Don't forget that the stunt doubles are trained in these tricks as well, this means that you get the scene filmed faster
There's a house down the street from me that bank foreclosed on. The bank, in an effort to save money turned off the heat (New England winter hits) causing the pipes to break and RUIN the building, now it just sits 4 years later.
I mean you can get absorption foam online and that can make a difference but it's about levels and such as well. You really want the recorded sound to be as dead as possible (no slap-back from other things in the room such as walls) diffusers help as well. When everything going into the daw is dead then you can add reverb and such in post for the record which would sound better than, say, your bathroom.
This is true, I mean the board tapes I recorded last night at a gig aren't the worst sounding records but I'd still say there's something to be said about recording in a space made for recording vs. just recording in an open basement. 
Although I'd still suggest using some sort of studio to record. You can still tell the difference if you record in a room without proper sound isolation and absorption
I think you're looking in the wrong places if you think all music sucks. 
There's more to it than just the audio, even the video in a streaming system is compressed. I'll agree though, I'll take a nice physical package for any film I love or is a safe bet.
Blu-Ray quality will continue to outdo streaming quality until we all have faster and better connections. It's a about that bitrate
As someone who needs to feel somewhat in control I wouldn't be able to not open an itinerary until the morning of. Just gotta know all the details of what I'm doing.
Lets not forget having a physical person say "ya that's great" or "you don't want to watch that."
Oh heck, I'm leaving it because that's also true
Never enough time arms and cartridges
The tone for P4 is a bit brighter, while P5 goes back to darker though not quite as dark as P3. Now with P4 there's Post game spin offs (P4 Arena, P4 Arena Ultimax, and P4 Dancing All Night) so two fighting games and a rhythm. (I mean I should note it's the overall tone of P4 that's brighter, it can still certainly get dark)

Edit: I forgot about persona Q Shadow of the labyrinth. Which is on the 3DS and combines P3 and P4
It's actually a Buick Envision (source work at a Buick dealer)
I think this being in Mississauga makes it worse since it's a first worlds country and since I actually know people in that area.
It felt as though every season of My Name Is Earl took place on a different night of the week. Made watching the show nearly impossible 
Tablets are great to just throw in a bag or use when mixing a show 
I have three phones next to me right now. Then I did have 6 laptops and 2 desktops (though I recently got rid of 4 laptops) and I have many computers and phones in parts (I do repairs, but I don't suggest trying unless you're a calm person because the urge to throw the phone or computer out a windows always exists)
"But how else will we make all the money" - NoJ (probably)
This is the same company that when a Dec was talking about features in PSN and XBL the NoJ heads said "stop talking about those services we've never even used them" they don't know how to do anything outside of 1980's gaming
I.... I want all of those pins
Here I am just getting into 4K
So $40 it is
Idk, I've been watching horror films for years and find enjoyment in frightening things

Ya I've been reading up on them, basically the knobs you lose are gained back with multi-touch
I've been looking at the TF1 for use with small gigs, and because I can actually afford it.
That scream... that's the same foley that was used in Roller Coaster Tycoon... now all I can picture is those guys looking at a roller coaster
Hey I got the same one a month or so ago. 
Sony knows what's it's doing and I think that's the most frightening part
I need more Spyro sass in my life
I think we've finally gone too far...
I mean I didn't know what to expect from P4DAN but in the end I enjoyed both the story and game (ended up leading me to getting more controller style rhythm games) 

I guess it's all about what you like, still waiting for Persona Kart
Time for the Switch Revolution I think 

*Or Don't, I don't control Atlus*
Time for 1 and 2 to have a full remake (you know... for the kids *mostly cash*)
There's plenty I great 3DS games. Sounds like a great time to start
It could be $150 for a collectors with both games and some packins, 11/10 would still buy
You say that and yet look at what NoA did to Tokyo Mirage Sessions #FE.....
Possibly, it was so long ago I can't remember. I do know I had of those films
There's a test that can be done but a psychiatrist (I was tested for Dysgraphia which is the writing equivalent)
It'll come on and have what looks like a sick iPod and tell you to go to the Apple support site. Dead logic board is basically flat dead (from what I know, could vary)
My Christian High School did Grease... they took out half of what made the play (such as transitions that referenced drugs, and most mentions of sex...) 
There's was a Tony Hawk game that used it as well
I agree with the other commenter. 7th gen has the most consistency. I also have a 5th gen but the plastic face of that model is prone to some discolouration and easily scratches.
You can get one with a dead Hard Drive rather cheap. I'd say so that and then turn it into an SSD (be warned that the last gen was hard as hell to open)
Once your library is over 10,000 songs you MIGHT want to consider holding back. It only gets worse from there.... (disclaimer: I'm around 10,000 or so albums. I've honestly lost yeast between 4 physical formats and digital...)
That's a shame, whatever you do don't try The My Chemical Romance strain, it'll totally make the problem MUCH worst
I mean I'm not sure the steam versions are the best. Those ports can be finicky, I'd say try the Vita versions but there's not many people with a Vita. So original PS3 games maybe?
He was Arrested as he was taken into custody. He was not on the other hand charged with a crime (so far as it appears, or if he was it was dropped.) 
Whoa whoa whoa are you telling me you actually have 6ft cables? I want to work with you, all I ever have is a 50ft cable that I only need to get 10ft
I had a 7th Gen Nano I accidentally spilled isopropyl on. I cleaned it up and replaced the adhesive around the screen and it worked the same as before. Though I can say the same for the 2nd gen that hit the laundry...
I'm assuming that since you had one you still have the HDD from it so not much was lost as well. 
It's dwindling sales on top of the number of older units already in the world. I mean hell I have 3 7th gen nanos that I paid no more than $50 each for.
And you can't use those sweet sweet mods on the consoles
That sounds like the perfect foley source for a sound in that game. Wouldn't expect anything less
That's some solid life advice.
I'm sorry is our lord and saviour Pikachu not good enough for you /s
It's going to take quite some time before that kid will listen to mums advice again
GameStop near me had some Bayonettas even on Monday when I went in
I got sticker star for $10 on a huge sale. Still feels like I paid too much
League was the downfall of a roommate I had (well I mean that on top of depression) It was quite a sad thing to witness over a year, it was also painful trying to sleep with the infinite clicking that he refused to stop...
Oh god it's been 11 years.... 
Well that's the ideology of all the people who bought out NES Classics
My parents misplaced a few things over the years. Actually they gave me a Pokemon toy from around 1999 a couple years back. Things just get lost in the closet, hell I STILL don't know what's in there because there's so much wrapping paper in the way.
I think the real striking thing here is just how many parents NEED to know what little Johnny's up to 24/7. As for the kids, when I was that age and at camp I'd have probably complained because I couldn't play Roller Coaster Tycoon. Kids can have strange focus, but the issue is the adults in this situation.
Neither of my parents know how to actually use the iPhones they have... my father still doesn't understand what I mean when I say "hit the home button" 
Setting all base prices above MSRP is the exact reason why I never go into F.Y.E.. I'm really not sure why they do that but when there's 4 other stores that have the same items at almost half the price IN THE SAME MALL it just looks sad
Well it's green so it's clearly weed, and since it's a 2 it much be 2lbs of weed. Therefore they're selling 2lbs for $300 /s <obviously I have no damn clue I'm just marking this up as I go along>
Hey friend you got change for a $20?
This is one of the films I haven't seen, no clue of context so I guess I'll just do this to myself and a couple friends *I'm being serious I've been slowly buying all of the films and watching them but this one hadn't hit the radar yet*
I didn't know Jet Propulsion Labs made Audio gear
I've never gotten that whole thing with a lot of retailers. They want you to use online so they don't stock them in stores. I don't want to buy a large item online and would rather buy it at a store. They then complain no one is shopping at stores when all they stock are items that never get marked down with other pricing trends.. it's like they want the stores to fail.
Only had the newer stuff, it's okay for the price but nothing that's worth writing home about
I feel as though Apple has many items and services this happens to. Or my favourite it when they change something *Music App* to add a feature that rewrites the way it works to favour the new addition and deter you from using the older system...
Lets be honest the real reason they stopped it was because people found a way to mod it
I JUST got a trinitron, this will be the next item I look for. The film and TV buff in me also love the idea of getting one then calibrating it perfectly for old show viewing
I feel like that's the type of thing you do out the door the last time you have to watch the kids. (Then again I've watched my mother nearly fall for damned Onion article)
When I was a kid every time "Ed, Edd and Eddy" was on my father would walk by and say "Dumb, Dumb and Dumber" which wasn't wrong, but he never said I couldn't watch it (then again he was a high school teacher so he knew damn well that even the kids without a TV could be stupid)

Edit: almost implied the characters weren't in fact stupid 
Campaign might be that old, though first I saw that poster was around 2010 at an airport (either Orlando Or Boston)
When I have a stable income from a full time job (just graduated college) I'm going to get a car that's Pre everything electronic. I'm tired of watching electronics fail on my 14 year old car then not be able to replace them because of some stupid GM proprietary anti-theft BS
I mean the original film was super great either. Though one of the investors just bought up the rest of the shell of Polaroid so there's speculation they may have gotten some patents and other information on the original film to make it better *This is all second hand information don't quote me on it*
Vita will probably be dropped first. Then the PS3 with follow a few months later
Same here, looking for a nice console, would gladly take one from the trash
Company called "Impossible Project" has started making new film. Not super cheap but I hear it's quality. Haven't had the throw away cash to get any yet
I worked at a theatre last summer and when we had two show days all of us crew members would walk playing the game to get food and talk to other people along the way. Now I don't think any of them have played it since 
I remember I saw Toy Story 2 in theatres at one point... born in 94, hard to remember, don't even know what theatre it was. I just remember I liked it, so I guess it's conceivable but unlikely 
Finally someone talking about the superior viewing format
I mean I can't say that I wouldn't do the same thing.... 
I'm sorry corporate overlords. Next time I will be sure to spread the Comcast message and way 
This implies that with such an ad posting they're actually hiring a photographer and not "my cousin jimmy took a class back in high school in 86'"
Yes but those robots had a glitch where they didn't know what sadness was and starting killing.... wait...
Used to have that same ID tag that I'd always end used, then it got lost when traveling back from a gig in Florida with two changeovers... RIP tag
Unleash the inner child 
Try living near the ocean in the North East US... not a fun time for my poor 03' 
Well if it was the GoPro Drone then it already has the GoPros built in microphone so that's a possibility 
I want one
Make Nathan play Crash without any animations
"I know you asked for that persons name but take a look at this joke I just dug up from 5 years ago" - My Brain 
I majored in Live Sound, currently signing up to get an IT cert so that someone will actually hire me. Lighting is around the same. Once you're in you might be good. Or maybe you won't be? You never know in the live production industry unless you're working for someone like Clair
As someone else who does audio I feel your pain.
There's a reason we call it "Rottenchester" (live in NH, par for the course, only worse city for this is Manchester)
I think I still have one of those boxes around somewhere. No clue where though
Went to a yard sale this past weekend. Lady looked up all of the Mario games on GameStop and marked them up because they were Mario.... i thought the idea of thrift shops and yard sales was to sell what you don't want, not make eBay prices 
Par for the course for the school really. 
Public high school in the town I'm from is building a new school and are hoping to rent the auditorium for events. Still bet good money they cheap out on equipment
No new instruments for 3 years in the music dept. Oh and no new mics ( /s because obviously I don't actually know)
I'm the same way. Though sometimes it's not so easy to find a willing subject for the photo
I mean you could probably solder in a new beefier cable 
"Flustered and Awkward" 
Aw man that's the type of face I end up with in every photo... 
Someone must have gone and changed the past. All in a day's work for Max I suppose
Seacoast NH here, I've seen it as well. More of American flags in the bed but I've seen more than a few "rebel" flags as well
Junie B. Jones plot right there. Still have that book around here somewhere...
Next step: start bringing Polaroid cameras and carts with you just for the fun of it 
Hoping for the heat to have a positive impact on some art photography?
The classic case of planning for now and not the future
Brb going to the camera store
Build a dark room as well. Then you can develop your own photos too (or just buy an SLR since it would probably be cheaper....)
I have an external flash from an 80's SLR. The sound is the greatest thing about it
You're right, without area codes we get to rep the whole state with only 3 numbers
New Hampshire and Vermont are the same way. Though it still annoys me no one up in Maine ever puts an area code on anything... 
Only issue with the radio is that because the security system is wired through it I have to pay to have it set for the car is what I'm told. 
That's true, my cars been in my family since it was a year old in 2004. That and it's mostly been serviced by one garage with a few fixes at others when out of town. I'm also of the idea that keeping thing stock is better but it's hard when a new old stock radio is $500 and other parts are $600 just because GM decided that'll be the price (or well actually it's whatever company they went through having them made)
But what if you're just a tribute?
Yes, I do believe Mew was also included
Isn't that the whole reason UHaul exists?
Guess that means they put an 04-07 in my 03 when the cluster died a few years back then since it has the trip a and b
Me too thanks
It'll also allow for people to start and run small businesses because they wouldn't have to worry about healthcare costs 
Chevy TrailBlazer. (It's actually more a mix of electronics and repainted bodywork after a crash in 2005 not being primed properly) 
This is the type of thing I wish I had but have neither the space or money for. 
Apples system just does that sometimes. I've had it happen with CD rips before 
Only way I can think of that happening is if they were working on a dock and dropped it into the mud but didn't find it till the next low tide
Luckily I work at the dealer I have my current car serviced at (only issue is that at 14 my current vehicle has so many failing electronics that it's hard to keep up)
I'm looking at buying a new car... I know what I'm gonna start doing now. (Though I might need a safe box just for car receipts)
Or one of the programmers got bored and said "hey what if..."
Sadly I only have 3 copy's of Wii Sports. I have two complete (one light blue disc and one dark blue) and then a loose copy that I use 

Edit: I also have three Wii's that's why I have 3
I'd say Mario Party but it should be warned you need to ensure no one in the group is an angry drunk
I mean most of the places around me (though mostly the local ones) won't really tell you what it'll be sold for they just give you a price and that's it
Well it depends on the game. Some games it's drink when you lose (Mario party and such) others it's drink when it glitches, and then there's just drink whenever a loading screen comes up (there's a few Wii games that can get you drunk fast on the last one)
I like that the site tell you what they'll sell it for as well. Classy way to let people know the profit margin, which isn't much that's for sure
Amtrak lines near Portsmouth are Dover and Durham. The C&J bus depot next to Pease in Portsmouth just off the highway is really nice. That's how I suggest people that don't want to drive go into Boston from North. If you buy one day tickets it'll be cheaper than parking (I can't remember the exact cost of a 1 day 2 way)

Edit: reworded section
See there's plenty here on the East Coast US but if they're games no one wants then SOME of them will just end up being trashed (or recycled). I prefer to sit on them if needed and just use them as trade fodder if I think they won't actually end up with someone that'll get enjoyment
Funny, normally it would be me paying about $20 for a lot because of ONE game then getting a load of junk. For example I bought one recently because it had one of the Disney Princess games (I know I know) so the lot was about $90, and there were enough games I'd owned I got back the $90 and kept the console. As for that Disney game I got it for some drinking games my friends and I do every so often
But if it's original people will see 4GB and think "oh I don't wanna steal that from this *car/bag/off the FOH desk* it's old and worth nothing."
I had that thought but due to it being the HP model I didn't want to change the exterior aesthetic from what was original
Nope, I have many friends that dumped there Wiis and they sold me the games and I've bought lots of games. I just happen to get those games so consistently they built up. About 3 years back I sold about 4 other copy's of them before EVERY store started saying "no we don't want Wii Sports or Wii Fit"
Well actually, it's now running a brand new battery and SSD with 128gb of space. Though it's got a rather nice sounding DAC for an older iPod. In terms of the previous drive, it seems a platter got hit by the arm and wrecked the inside
I think they were saying in terms of purchase price
I have 4 copy's of Wii Play and Wii Fit (that's 4 each). I actually WISH someone wanted them. But nope unlike Pokemon there's no demand 
Nice Genelec's I still prefer the previous version of the housing because I'm so used to using them. 
It'll also lead to the ability to stress test more systems and make them more reliable and efficient. 
"But if we don't limit it then everyone will use it more" - some suits in a boardroom (probably)
I hope I can get to the point in post that I can justify that kind of storage for it
A lot of it is having a mix of file types. I have a large CD collection and I've been trying to use less lossy formats. If Apple supported FLAC I'd probably have all one format by now but sadly they don't 
Dude this thing claims I have mail
You mean like that government money for fiber they didn't use on fiber?
I've used the CL quite a bit but the $20k+ price point is a far reach above my budget
Well I was looking at the Yamaha TF series because it's a FAR cheaper option than the CL series. That and there's a deal to get the Dante card with purchase.
How is the console in terms of workflow and UI? I'm in the market for a console but it's hard to know what's best when you can't demo them
The taste may be poor but it's still not nearly as poor as the Cadillac Trucks actually produced by GM. At least this was just someone's pet project
"Fair and Open... so long as you don't use more than 1TB of data. We know you're illegally downloading files when you're over 1TB" - Comcast (probably)
This is good to know. Was looking into taking the Ham test so I guess that means I can put one up on my roof.
Weird, around here people like to see basketball hoops in yards because it's a good indication it's a family neighborhood 
You say that it'll make people mow but my neighborhood had a house taken back by the bank. When I was first taken it took about a month to get them to do anything. Now it's uninhabitable because the bank didn't refill the heating oil in the middle of the winter and the pipes went.
I struggle to even use that guitar. All of the "strings" are the same thickness, always lose what sting I'm on
She's even got that 1000 mile stare down
I thought it was through December?
Not just free, mandatory. It's all right here in the healthcare bill #ComputersArePeopleToo /s 
Worked for a station that still had a Crash Cart system setup. It had been copied over to the computer but the physical cart and played were still wired in.
I'll have to take a look around for that album and pick it up if I see it. But the singles I found were Smash Mouth. Friend and I have a running joke where we're both trying to collect the entire Smash Mouth catalog as we see the albums. I'm currently only missing 3 more obscure albums and some singles
It's not the worst if the content was mastered for tape, but if it wasn't? Nope just another poor attempt at money.
I'd watch this film 11/10 
About a year ago while wondering through a local shop I came across two singles for a band that I never thought I'd see. They were $4 each yet I still bought them because I liked the art and I knew I wouldn't see them again if I didn't.
Too be fair most of the greats were originally mixed and mixed down on tapes. While now many of the big names are done at 96k in pro tools, I'm not saying that either method is better but it is food for thought
That's me with any of the current Beatles albums. I own quite a few original pressings from my parents, why am I going to spend $30 just to get the digital remaster on a vinyl?
Mine has started using EBay pricing for records.... feels bad
Time to book a ticket, where's the nearest airport 
My library refuses to use Blu-Ray even though half of the disks they get in come with one because "everyone has DVD" ... it hurts my soul
Guess I'll have to add this to my list of things to watch then
Already is (own one and it's still worth what my parents paid for it in 2003)
Your keychain still looks nice, mine has all of the design worn off and is bare metal from being worn as a necklace for an entire summer and trips
C is still for Cookie though. 
That's good enough for me!
That's how I felt when I first played both "Beyond Good and Evil" and "Destroy All Humans" 
Now I still think they're great games but they feel so dull now
Did even change the Star or the Mushroom, just plopped them into the image... 
Well it's not for the purpose of actually improving the game that's for sure
I went in Day 1. I think we ended up playing it about 5 times before the end of the month of release because my friends and I enjoyed it so much
Did a show the last two years of college on the radio where we reviewed games. I bought a Switch day 1 with Zelda JUST so we could get those week 2 listens (we had a schedule that had to be kept for getting episodes done so we had to wait a small amount of time to air the Switch) but I know a few people listened just to get an opinion on the system
I wonder if they used a time machine to write most of the show
Where would a good source be to get such posters?
I go to play Persona 5 then end up on Netflix and playing Cities: Skylines on my PC at the same time... the nightly struggle
At this point if it does happen it'll be a miracle. But I'd be tempted if they had either a 256 or 512 iPod touch just so I could have most or all of my music on one device.
Because it makes money?
"That's where you're wrong kiddo" - Nintendo (Probably)
The issue for me is 1. This is the blog section of the site. 2. They said "bad news for liberals" 
Got a filing cabinet from an instructor that way. Was in the trash pile and he's like "I don't give a damn what you do with it"
So they'll have 50k units worldwide then
It was announced today, you're not too far out
I'm from NH, I've never heard of getting tax exempt in any other state. That doesn't make any sense to me, why would anyone be exempt from another states rules? 
I have a tip as someone who graduated with a degree in audio. Move the subwoofer to the floor. With it on your stand the vibrations could cause issues with your systems (especially Hard Drives). 
Don't forget about the film props studios will look for. If someone is looking to do a period piece they'll try to find these types of items
Does that make Russia the ticking Crock that's always following the ship?
Probably left it to the intern
And I spent so many nights trying to prefect this for myself...
I love how the font size changes at the end
I wish the grill was a bit smaller. Just looks disproportionate to me. Then again I'm not a car designer so what do I know?
Didn't know we went back to the 1800's in terms of Post Mortem photography. Though I think it was a bit classier back then, they did the dead up and made them look alive... unlike this...
I remember when RockBand had a demo station in Best Buy. I'd already been playing the game but I'd still stop to play a song
This is what happens when you let a younger version of yourself be the one to make your account....
Edit: 22 and still can't spell...
Every time I hear that name or see that name I have flashbacks to Clock Tower 3... damn axe man
You have to keep switching the person recording as well. That way you can't pin one section of the room from level or reverb
Two of my vices are Cities Skylines and BeamNG.Drive I'm not sure if they're your type but they're worth a look.
So they don't want an honest opinion I see...
Had a journalism instructor who would unicycle around my schools campus. Plus there was a student that would daily one to class (though not so much in the winter snow)
Don't get into an accident with another driver on Geico either. They'll drag their feet when it's the other drivers fault and then say "gee you were in an accident, we'll just raise the rates"
I'll be honest Toys R Us is always the last place I think to get a game, yet they usually have whatever I'm looking for. 
Time to sell your story to a writer and then star in the film as well then
Too be fair some places pay people to do these types of things. Like the mystery shoppers they're like mystery guests that try to get around things.
Too be fair probably cheaper to just take the out of commission workstations and turn those into a server depending on the purpose
WeatherTech will custom make for any car. I'd suggest those
I was out by Lake Tahoe couple years back and was winded from walking up a hill due to the elevation. I should have been able to run up it without issue if it were in NH.
Give the new album in whole a listen (it's hugely 80's in vibe)
As someone that has a degree in Communications Technology this hurts :(
Persona 5 for the Switch confirmed (I wish)
Talked my friend into playing the second game for a review show. It was a glorious day
$10 for the first person that downloads more ram onto the turnstile 
Then book thing happened to my friend. Guy opened the bag looked around a little and then let us continue. Just took a few seconds more really
Though i may at some point have to build something for outboard gear, but at the moment a single 18i20 doesn't need its own rack.
Believe me I thought about that, but I found one perfect for the setup I needed for about $400. So I ended up just ordering one. Matches my TV stand that'll be next to it as well.
But sky man sent the help don't you know (I always knew catholic education would help somewhere /s )
If you're in the southern NH or eastern Mass area I can give you an old computer for free... but really I have a pile...
Half the time when I'm in there to get strings or picks or dream about having the money to replace an old guitar there's ONE person that feels the need to test either every amp or every effects pedal... 
Dude when I go looking at Guitars I'm not going to just bring the money with me. I'm going to look around, play a few, take model numbers and then go do some research on them to ensure it'll actually be the best choice. (Oh also money....)
I wish I had that type of disposable income, instead it's between a new desk and acoustic, desk is winning (nearly knocked my 18i20 along with the rest of my gear off the old desk...)
"Hey Tom Nook!"
Yes though those are all Microsoft IP's, sure maybe they'll change it but as of right now that's not how it works with Rocket League
WOW
What if the opposite happens? 
So I take it you hate the film Titanic as well then
Played this at someone's house years ago, when I picked up an OG Xbox that was the first game I bought. Had been playing Chicago Edition on my PC for a long time as well. What a series and I wish they hadn't killed it.
Pied Piper?
They were films that were a hit with kids but not so much adults (well except maybe Treasure Planet, kid me didn't know what to think of that)
It's actually just the PS4 Slim not the Pro sadly
No way, I took classes on this, you can't get the full quality of theatre sound coupled with a film unless it's on Blu-Ray or UHD Discs. Unless you're using the stems through a protools rig or something that is.
Have you tried completely wiping the iPod (I mean factory reset) and trying again? Sometimes there's glitches. Either that or sounds like bad memory or song files. I've had certain WAV files crash an iPod Video and Mini for seemingly no reason. Those are a couple of tips to try.
All the levels are clipping... why are they all clipping...
Time for the "Super Mega Ultra Deluxe Edition" (now with more demos and alternate cuts)
After Laughter is the type of album I wish I was good enough to write. 
They're the type of band you can put on while in a bad mood and 2 minutes later be dancing around the room 
As someone else said hold them up to the light, check for topside scratches and pinholes (they might not look like much but that one little hole can ruin a disk)
While trying to find that original post I became sad to see you weren't the actual band
Ahh yes, the GM Large SUV tactic
"If we double the price but produce half the units we still make money and pay less people!"
You just reminded me about that humble bundle... great off to spend more money I go!

It's these stupid new thick A-Pillars, can't even see out my window. Back in my day they were less than an inch think and made of REAL materials like STEEL 
/s 
If you're using Windows you put the card into you computer, once it comes up you right click on the card in "My Computer" and select format. As for MAC you would instead the card, open disk utility, then select erase from the menu (after selecting the card), you can with both control the format it goes to though I've always found that defaults are usually good enough. The iPod will reformat again this is just a precaution.
Costs, once a new model is out people will buy that, if they kept making the old versions they'd end up with too many in stock and no way to sell them. As an example look at the iPod Shuffle, if they kept making the 512mb stick then who'd buy it? Unless the cost was half that of the new model many wouldn't. Then there's the stocking issue again and cost of parts. 
As much as I hate to admit that's certainly not incorrect. Heck I posted about upgrading iPods basically at cost on my personal page and got the "why even use an iPod these days" posts. People want one device, it's not always ideal but people will always sacrifice something to get another.
I've done an upgrade to an iPod Mini (waiting on money to get to work on an iPod Classic) but before you put the SD card into the iPod format it with your computer. It helps the process and ensures it's actually empty. The restoring of the iPod will place the OS back on the device so you'll be good once you're past that point.
Did you try formatting again? I've seen iPods mess up an initializing process that caused data to be hidden vs. deleted. 
Yet another system kept alive by Atlus releases 
I don't see the game pad though so I would say it's even worse than if it were a Wii
*Buy United and call it "The Musicians Airline" and proceed to make policy's that help anyone with instruments 
I mean you could get a pilots license and your own plane but I suppose that's not the most economical 
They'll just need a little help from some friends
They just need to ensure they're at the point in development that the game will actually be complete by launch
Since Sony is publishing and Last Of Us and Uncharted did really well after some delays they may be more willing to say "okay we can delay the game if it'll make it better"
I think Francis Underwood would be an improvement at this point. 
I have a 6CD Changer, I'm in the middle ground of "I love this" and "if only I could use my iPod sometimes for these long trips"
I know I never knew my school had this, but you can bet I'm sending this information over to some instructors once  I verify it works. There's plenty of folks at my school that could use these resources due to monetary situations.

Edit: Seems my school never even setup accounts for students...

I went to a technical college in the middle of nowhere so that may be part of my whole situation. But I'm sure it'll get better now that you're out of school. As for the whole less focused on hookups part, I think that depends on a lot of factors, but since I also just graduated what do I know. (Also job hunting is hard)
That's certainly not something that I've been told, nor does it seem normal. I mean there's a hell of a lot more to life than having sex. Don't let a few people get you down, as for the staying out of relationships due to the Asexual side, that I can say I've done as well.
Don't forget about the Suburbans from early on and in some of the films
"The Masters Collection, no figures required, all three games in one package"
I'm going to lean more towards 40's, used a Gates Radio system from the 50's a few years back and the pots looked a little cheaper. (That 1950's plastic)
Props department. Always saving us from disaster, thank you for your hard work.
I live on the coast of New England, Salt spray and Salted roads in the winter. My Frame don't look too great...
Got this in elementary school for getting good grands after my fathers 1989 GameBoy finally bit the dust. Still have it in mostly good shape (always kept it in a case when not in use. Love that thing)
Time to invest in Rocket League and two more controllers (it's fun)
Great another sticker I want for my laptop and my car...
I have 4 computers currently setup (one Regular Laptop, a Legacy Laptop, Linux Laptop and a Desktop that's essentially a media backup system) I have 3 keyboards so that each one uses its own. (Then again maybe I'm just weird
Well now I want to do that with all the old laptops laying around my house...
Except zoom, that thing probably has better zoom
My grandmother had them, when we moved her into assisted living I ended up taking them. Can't ever have enough coasters 
Actually I was talking about the PS3 (and the Wii U)
What's wrong with the Super Slim?
What a sad thought that a console from 2006 outlived one from 2012
Thanks for reminding me my 03' needs a good wash and wax
I would accept a pink or "rose gold" PS4 though... but hey that's just me
Unless it offers something special on the Pro (which might not happen but what do I know?)
My father had this car when I was a kid. Sold it to my cousin when he decided that we needed a bigger car and it lasted until around 2005 before someone rear ended my cousin and it was totaled. Sad day that was
Is this how I'd be judged if I did this to a Suburban? 
I think it's June 5th that's the next conference. Either way early June we'll get some sort of information on what's coming down the pipe 
As someone who's used the MacMini for Audio editing I'd suggest waiting and saving some for a larger computer. The mini is good but it'll JUST handle when I have more than 3-4 larger plugins. As for video editing that system will bottleneck especially when rendering. I'd say just wait it out and see what's announced 
When my parents replaced our windows 95 computer in 2003 I was allowed to do whatever with the then dead system. It was a good experience to learn (and learn not to get thermal paste all over...)
I'm 22, every time I go in and look at laptops ALL of the sales reps walk past me without engaging. It's as if they either think that I either can't afford the computer or that I don't need help. It's become my own game every time I walk in to see if anyone in the computer section will ask if I need help (TV and Camera sections I'm always asked if I need help finding something)
Well at least it's not quite as bad as my old high school (private school) went in recently to help with a sound system issue and they're using netbooks bought 7 years ago still. After looking at them I'm surprised they even boot at this point.
Well that's not how I'd transport a line array system... 
Wow those aren't even that expensive. Gonna save that link for the inevitable day someone asks about cases for children.
The classic budget cut option. I'll take "public schools for $200 Alex"
That's what my friend told me when I first started watching. Ended up binging the entire second half of season one. 
I also want a Launch Date or any sort of "this quarter of next year" even. Been waiting since I played Beyond: Two Souls for the next game
They'd probably bundle that lovers package in with the "streaming service" package much like now where with triple play the blast bundle includes thing we never even watch yet still have to pay for
Well they do own Fatal Frame now
Bootleggers transporting booze started it, once the booze was legal again they said "well I still wanna push this thing to its limit"
Hmm I wonder what it would be through Amazon JP
Who did you order through?
Plan to get a red Vita this summer, did you order this one from Japan? 
You'd have to make them out of a material that didn't absorb sound though. Which isn't easy, though it is doable... I mean... ya same
Time to put in another breaker
Reading all the posts and attempting to One up them, OP has succeeded 
Naw man sometimes it's just "inventory clear-out month" they just call it "Truck Month" as well
Well now I want one
I like how you can see the wear on the path over all those years
I'd ask what location you're at but that might be against the rules. So I'll just say that I know a few locations that get retro stuff in from time to time (shoot me a PM and I might be able to help if I find any games at one of the locations I frequent)
Bullmoose sometimes will get Saturn games in, I'd just keep an eye out at the location you bought this (I've managed to get many great systems from Bullmoose, heck it's where my Genesis came from)
I feel so bad for those records RIP grooves
Teen Angst? 
Usually it's gaff, *I'm sorry stage-management but the audio dept needed some*
Girl in my kindergarten class had one of the boom boxes on her bag. Can't remember anything about her but I remember those stupid hit clips.
Only rehearsed so he could play it longer
The only way I'd buy a MacBook is if they had 17" as an option
Ahh okay I see what happened, I'm leaving it the way it is.
Yes but the non-complete shelf should just be in play order therefore making it null
I've been getting into cassettes a little bit in the past couple years. Basically Guardians of the Galaxy started the craze. They put out the "Awesome Mix Vol. 1" on cassette and it sold so a few others did it as well. Although some albums are actually mastered for cassette, they can sound damn good, but most of the modern ones aren't. It's just another niche that some people like.
Oh hey it's Funspot, what a great way to spend a summer day in NH 
I mean I plan to use it this summer as well, just happens that when you're in New England the weather isn't too great in the winter so you just don't get outside. (Winter is cold and that's bad for my phone okay)
Appears to be an older radio automation system. Can't say which software it is as I don't fully recognize it. 
When I bought it the store placed a warranty sticker over the HP logo, so when I took that sticker off I was completely supervised. 
UPDATE: The iPod was formatted for MAC so I went about resotring it for Windows, half way though the sync the HDD died. Parts will be  ordered to convert it to SSD and a new battery (Might as well if I have it apart)
Time to remake my resume I suppose. This looks hella rad
Time to get P3 FES for your PS2 (and if you don't have a PS2? Well you will)
I got the collectors edition of Halo 5 for $15 a few months back. It's true walmart can sometimes save you money
"ALYSSA!"
I don't but I did manage to get the collectors edition case set for the Vita. Looks damn nice
Next my father tells me I need to replace my 03' TrailBlazer I'm going to show him this post.
The algorithm being tested is better, certainly far from perfect but it's not as bad as it used to be.
I wish I could find a new Vita for that kind of price
22, used to keep the knuckles one in the back of the car for when I was bored while out at family events. It's probably still in a box somewhere.
The real tragedy here
Now I don't feel as bad for wanting to buy a Red Vita for a JPN account
The PSTV can also be great when you're playing a game and someone else wants to watch. Sure it doesn't look great stretched out but it works.
If only they had any stock of Vitas
Can confirm, have a DS with a smashed screen sitting in a drawer 
Have you seen the quality of the first gen 3DS? That thing can stand drops without issue. Hell even PlayStation upped the standard the past generation as well. Not only that but I hate to break it to you, even with the highest standards you'll still see units drop out in the first few years. Not everything will survive the test of time, especially with modern processors.
That reminds me I need to buy that when my pay check comes in this week
Clearly not the QA department 
It's one of those slow rollout caps. Just happened that it hit my area of the country. (At least that seems to be what's implied on the bills...)
No one said that the strange reasoning made sense. All they do is provide a reason that most people don't want to complain about. That whole reason they said that they first put in caps was to stop people from illegally downloading films, music, tv and games. Was that the actual reason? Hell no, they just want more cash.
Over $200 for the triple play in my house and Comcast has the audacity to say "you have a 1TB cap, don't worry we only do this to deter 'illegal' activity" some day I'm going to go over that cap just sending files over to people I'm working on projects with... (video files are hella big)
Wait wait wait, you're complaining that the sim sections of the game require you to spend time with people to grow a relationship and that it doesn't change between games? That section of the game is how LIFE works... and amazingly you get a "boost" in real life when you spend a lot of time with someone. It's a core mechanic that just works. I won't even touch the subject matter of you never having even played the game...
While I can't speak for BBC Radio 1 but my university's radio station when they do shows records them at 3 then they go "live" at 5. The band will know ahead of time and post pictures around that time on social media to keep the idea going.
Welcome to Vita Island! Here's the the standard welcome Gif from r/Vita
http://i554.photobucket.com/albums/jj411/Omegadenmad/original_zpsb99137af.gif

"RARE FIRST EDITION NES CLASSIC! DISCONTINUED! NO LOW BALLERS! I KNOW WHAT I GOT!" *I'm sorry I couldn't help it*
That's actually the same thing that happened to me. Went to trade in something for a deal and saw them on the shelf behind the counter. Fastest purchase ever
No matter how many lines and stops I put in there's always 4 buses of people waiting for the bus...
I think the idea is that if you're guilty of what they say you did then the rational idea that they don't have the evidence to really pin it on you in court is out the window. That and look how quickly people judge others, it didn't take someone actually seeing what he was going at it to, just the implication was enough to cause all of the same trouble socially.
Put this on the side of a windowless van.... *don't actually do this*
I'm actually a little sad they don't have my model. But hey whatever it's not the first repair. I'll send this to one of my friends though for his vehicle 
Ahh shit... i didn't even remember this, why you do this NH
This is a great guide, might have to use this on my 03' TrailBlazer, the leather is beginning to crack. Though there's plenty of other repairs to do first....
That's strange, I saw a copy sitting on the table an hour after opening at my location. I didn't pick it up because I thought $30 was too steep and honestly, I love the album but not enough for the price.
My roommate watches the Flash... I can't stand how they try to make everything look significant, that and they seem to overuse the whole "changed time" dynamic. But hey maybe that's just me and my passive viewing of the show 
That's the worst thing for me. I hate that it'll let me using the regular version to import Surround Tracks but then throw them out the next time a session is open. There's no reason for the system to even work that way, just add them into the main version of the software.
I'm almost wondering if it's an internal clocking error. Might have to take some time soon and see if I can pin point myself when it happens. 
I don't personally know of any good keyboard kits, but I know that if you also game you could potentially put an ad on craigslist or whatever looking for broken controllers. Ended up fixing a broken XB One controller with the parts from two that had different issues. It's all about trial and error, I've been waiting to work on some Game Gears until I buy a hotter iron
Hopping in to give the words of wisdom my stage wiring instructor gave me when I learned to solder. "Any mistake that you can make I've both made and probably continue to make on a regular basis. Don't get discouraged just clean it up and try it again until you succeed." 
P4G is the only game that is consistently in the system, though P4DAN also enjoys a lot of time in the system when I'm traveling
Isn't she technically the main hero on Breath Of The Wild since she's been fighting Ganon the entire time Link's been getting his sleep on.
just got one for my PS4 and another for Steam

I got one of those my freshman year, felt good paying half the cost of the new textbook version though. Still have that book since it was for my major
I like textbooks, I just don't like when I don't use a textbook or don't need the actual textbook yet am told to buy it anyway. 
MATLAB, that program is the worst. It costs too much and has so many errors that when I used it I had to inform my instructor nearly every week that I counted a correct answer wrong.
Meh, it's nothing super fancy so it's not like placing giant vinyl on a $3,000 guitar. I'd say when it comes to cheaper gear just do whatever. (This coming from someone that once covered a strat with about 20 stickers to make it look 90's garage)
Time for a cement truck robot
I have one of those from when they came out. Just happened to have been buying my first GameBoy Advance SP at the time. Had just broken the OG GameBoy and got good enough grades my parents let me get an SP. First game I played on it was Tetris from the OG and as blown away that it was in colour on the new screen.
Milk and eggs bitch
Just in case
Oh no, I've made a terrible mistake. I'm sorry Nintendo!
Yup, I'm never going to be able to afford a house. Unless it's either a tab rundown or in an area no one wants 
I sure love the newest. That Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo Wii U and Nintendo 3DS!
Still love my gen 3 model with 32gb. I need to upgrade though but I don't want to pay $400 jus t to have 128gb... it's nearly as much as the new faster iPad. Apple needs to lower prices or update the poor line
I'm going to give you a tip. That GameBoy battery may start to expand within the next couple of years. Keep en eye out so that it doesn't break the battery cover when it bulges. And ensure it doesn't leak. I had my favourite GameBoy growing up start expanding and I luckily caught it before anything bad happened
Second this. Many of my best stuff has come from what someone said was broken but just needed some parts changed out
I second this. Fixed one broken controller with the parts of two 
So basically the month I was born that was put on the shelf and purchased... its 22 years old. Same as me. And the damn thing is in better shape than I am...
I'm actually listening to a copy of the album as I saw this post. Quite well done
I'll agree, had I realised the game had online I may have actually used it
Keep an eye on the local selling sites like Craigslist and Letgo, I've managed to score most of my parts instruments and some special ones for way less than online store prices.
I mean really anything Weird Al would be fine in my book
Well now I just want to hear what that would sound like. Can we get a demo?
Latency. The folks who are competing don't want it to react any different. I know how crazy it sounds but that's the thought process.
The amount of times I've seen people make the posting like that is ridiculous. Just put the price as the full bundle cost.
It has a disk drive man, just look at that. They don't make them like they used to
Don't forget about the latency of the newer TV's. CRT is great. Just hella heavy and space taking
I'm about half way through June and that's my mindset as well. I'm letting the game take me where ever it wants
Hell Sony makes a nice pair on on ear headphones for $20, regularly on sale for $15. Way batter than the stock "EarPods"
Is there a way to backup the firmware? I want to mod mine but I don't want a huge risk of corrupting the current system 
Seen them twice. Bought it the first time, apparently should have bought one to mod as well but didn't want to be that guy...
That explains so many of my problems, no wonder ProTools just throws out 5.1 files when I open it on my personal computer. (Guess I didn't read into it enough)
I had like half of the Pokémon ones, I'm not sure why my mother allowed me to keep getting them. But hey used to use them all the time 
I dislike those types of art projects for that reason. I hate seeing working systems going off to slaughter. Watch my university throw an entire lab of computer into the back of a pickup. I mean actually throw them too 
I'm going to keep that in mind next I have to use a bunch of units and I don't know the supplier.
That's a good point, I'm so used to using one I completely forgot to mention it 
Don't forget about Wireless Work Bench if you're using Shure gear. But that being said if you were to use others than WWB does have some functionality that allows for calculating other products spectrum, though I agree using all the same is usually for the best. Shure Wireless can also be grouped together to allow for the units to decide the best bands to use
I learned photoshop in high school and now I have a deal with my boss at a job I take photos for where they pay me extra to pay for the photography suite each month
I think part of that is people that don't want to relearn a new easier way to do something
I think now it's the reason it's cheap for schools to get the products? They get them with some classes in high school and college then you stick with it
Nothing wrong with buying CD's, always a better quality anyway
I'm about to graduate school and at this point if I switch from my mothers account I'll lose all my saves. So I'll probably just try to take it over
It's there's no wind you can bet it's green screened. And if there's actual wind? Yup green screened.
Call it "Songs from the Rivals" or something along those lines. It'll be fine... probably 
I've seen physical copies of everything but the Take Your Heart edition for PS4 so you should be good.
I've seen physical copies of everything but the Take Your Heart edition for PS4 so you should be good.
Can confirm, Sewer Clowns are no fun, best to avoid the drains at night or when raining (am in Maine for school)
I am enjoying the game, though the English dialogue seems to have minor EQ issues that cause a sibilance. Overall it's a very enjoyable game 6 hours in and the hype hasn't ruined it at all. Fluid gameplay and it's keeping me plenty entertained, this story isn't going to be short, that's certainly for sure.
I remember when my school got in the Trash Cans, first thought of them was that they were ugly and sacrificed the upgradability that people who want a desktop desire. That and they can be finicky. 
I feel bad for whomever has that window... what a view..
I can't tell if the main is edgy or if everyone else just thinks he must be edgy from his record...
It's in my possession and I'm playing it now
That'll be me in 45 minutes when the store opens... I need it so bad
I want the pink or purple
What a great band
I want to see what happens when you take it into orbit on the way down... you know, for science 
Yes PS4 has two special editions and the standard, PS3 only has standard 
Edit: noticed it was EU, I'm talking NA. I don't know what EU has.
If you don't blow at least one tweeter per night are you even doing your job? /s
Heck he'd even give his nephews money to go and do things. He'd even include them on expeditions, Scrooge wanted the boys to learn the ways of the trade in a nice and well mannered spirit. 
Hey dos games can still be fun, never know when you'll want to install a floppy drive on your legacy PC.
There's been a large number of shows over the years that have done a rendition. Good skit, and a safe bet is the main reason
My father gave me his old car when I turned 16 and needed it for a job. He then used it as an excuse to buy a newer car. (He also now complains because at 22 the car is 14 and I still drive it)
Wtf they put Bluetooth into those now? Why?
It's gonna be all about 8-Track next, you can really feel that pure studio tape sound, it's the way music was intended /s
My NES GBA SP just had the battery swell up this past year. So with the currently battery tech (well 2012 tech) should hypothetically be good for about 10-15 years. (Of course variables will kill you)
This Hit too close to home...
Don't forget you need Prime to get the Amazon deals
I'd suggest use the iFixIt website
I'm in the same mindset, I do hope the Switch gets a Persona game that comes with a case though so my Vita, 3DS and Switch can all be in a Persona console case
I didn't know I wasn't allowed to have an opinion after 5 hours of gameplay?
Well now you can tell I've not made it super far into the game
What do these sound like and where do I get some hella loud horns... this is only for science of course...
I don't mind Sun/Moon, though I don't like how nice my "rival" is to me. Like I just a beat your ass why are you being so nice!?
Air Ride 2 for Switch, I'd buy that. Anyway the Switch is essentially a handheld for me
I may be in the minority but I really didn't care for X/Y. It just didn't jump out to me
Got the collectors edition with the statue this week for $95, don't regret it. Looks so nice on a shelf
You still got a great deal if Mario Party came with it
Only thing I use Office for is to make my resume at this point
I have Pro and still get the "you're not using the latest version of office" notifications... I have Office 2013 it's plenty fine thank you
Road Salt Grey, also I have a 14 year old trailblazer that needs new bumper thanks to Maine and NH highway salt... 
Well it depends on your style but I think "Eternal Sonata" is a beautiful game. (I'll look through some of my games and post my suggestions)
Nearly at 200 again... that's after trying to trim down... I can't help myself when I see JRPG games for cheap
This theory needs to be tested... you know... for science 
No you don't, you're just used to his crap
Still into RockBand and rhythm gaming as a whole, still suck at it. But hey it's fun
It hasn't popped up on the store yet, probably will happen around 2pm ET that's about when PSN updates (so for now I wait)
*waits patiently until I can play Danger Zone*
My family has owned ours since 2004, it's currently my car and while it's 14 years old and needs work I still love the way it drives and all of the features (2003 North Face Edition)
I see a Trailblazer, love that SUV
Well I mean I personally played it on PS2. But I did only own a GameCube from about 2004-2007 (wherever it was that I bought a Wii)(also I got a PS2 the same time as the Wii because cheap)
Personally liked Big Red One, probably the B-24 (or was it the B-17? It's been a while) mission though 
I usually play games just for story and I still enjoy TLOU on survivor or grounded (which reminds me I should really finish my Grounded Play-through... I think I'm in Pittsburgh... somewhere...)
It's really unnecessary, and makes no sense to me since that's not how hearing works. Unless Joel is an Inhuman or something. 
Hmm I suppose I should set the Atlus Twitter to send me tweets directly then
You can only get someone's calls for so long until you become friends. But in actuality the owners are friends with my parents and they needed a photographer so here I am.
Grew up (and house phone still is) one digit off of the car dealer that I currently work for, you just get used to detecting people to call the other number. Sometimes my father gives them the messages people have left (happens less frequently now with cell phones but you can bet that mid-late summer we get calls with people wanting new all season tires)
Got this, wish they'd announce these types of things
Is that a TrailBlazer or an Envoy? Or did someone besides GM have the same shelf system?
There is no "in phase" with that monstrosity 
New England would like a word with you
You'd be surprised, I've still seen some nasty stuff on client PC's
That submission history reads like "the life and times of a Crosstrek" 
They say that it's healthier to stick your head in the Microwave twice a day than to tan. 
I'm glad this is here, makes me happy
https://youtu.be/3j1Wdc-ymbI
This should be a good guide on how to coil cables
Persona 5: Dancing all Fight

Hey I'll also be at PAX East this weekend. 
I'd find some interest in a guide. I've been holding off until I had an order big enough due to the shipping costs
That's about when I got a copy of Clock Tower 3, maybe even before then. Saw it at a flee market when I was at my grandfathers and picked it up because I had my PS2, hadn't known what it was but it's a great game. Now if I could just find the rest of them :(
You say that as if you can't salvage anything from a broken computer 
22 checking in, use that same model trackball. Got it while clearing out my grandfathers house though... so jury's out on my usage age I suppose.
Vitamon!
Secretly spring 2017 IS Winter 2014
While I'll admit that it's hard to get used to at first, once you use the console enough it's a nice desk. Although I will admit that with the Pro 3 I find it strange that it needs 2 separate OS builds, but hey I didn't code the thing so what do I know.
Went to North Carolina last summer and had to sleep on the floor on the bottom floor (that's a story in and of itself) I killed so many bugs... never again 
For a second I had to make sure I wasn't on r/iamverysmart 

Guess the ice cube number mini game, I can see it now
In the old West that's all the Sheriff could ask for between two scoundrels
Figures, UK just loves to be different don't they 
Doesn't the system use a variation of the IEC Cable? (Maybe just the Pro did that) and the better question, is the power supply auto-switching from 220V to 120V?
Used to eat there when I had double Show days a work. Great place but I agree, it's certainly not the best, especially for you.
If you want some good ideas to "move to" then send me a DM. I know my share of good small towns
Last time I tried PSN wouldn't accept either of my cards, no reason for it the system just said no
My boss owns an old Opel, I think it's out in the warehouse for winter. I'll have to snap a pic along with the other classics and antiques he has when I'm at work in the spring. Great cars, though the Opel needs a resto.
I think they've always wanted to get to this point, hell the GameCube had a handle, every console tries to be as small as it can. They want you to go have a party with real people
But does it still have the seats? That's the important part
I can't be the only person that thinks the dash looks ugly
I would expect it to work the same as car parts, I don't expect to buy every part for a model of car and have it cost as much as the car in one piece. I expect the part to cost it's price to make plus whatever extra for the stocking and market fees. It's the system that radio shack used to thrive on. "Oh radio blew a tube? I'll go buy a new tube" simple as that. Now if you blow a, for example, GPU you have to buy a whole new system just because they won't sell the part. Sure a repair, but that'll cost $80-$100 in labour. If you can DIY it then why should you pay someone else to instal it.
I've opened up and attempted to repair a PS3 that had a YLOD, if I'd had official parts and repair guides then I could have fixed the problem real fast. But thanks to the software it won't let me fully fix the issue without a part and the software. Essentially making a perfectly functioning system into e-waste. Why is that a good outcome when we need to start conserving resources.
Why not? I have the tools (okay I'd need smaller tools and a magnifying glass) so why shouldn't I be able to just pop in a new GPU? Why do they get to charge me $150 if I can do it myself.
I still miss Floppy Disks :(
Want to play that album on 4 identical setups. My bad.
I still that album on 4 identical setups. I want it bad
It's a multitude of reasons for things going, I mean it's on the 3rd transmission due to a recall. It was in a crash in 2005 and the garage that repaired (not the usual garage we'd used all the time) didn't repair her correctly. Which has cause some rust to form, alignments thrown off and never fully caught. Mostly in doors, things that just didn't pop up until around the 10 year mark. Then the the A/C units gone, rims are pitted to hell from New England roads and the break booster went out and had to be replaced. 
Wish my 03 TrailBlazer didn't have any issues. Sadly she's just over 105k and has needed more parts than I wanted to get. But the good news is that the North Face Edition is quite a conversation starter
No no it's clearly all signatures of people who work in the lying media. Sad! 
(I wish it this wasn't the way it worked with his mind... it's the real SAD fact)
I'll have to check that out, seems it'll convert from a few weird file types. 
Help us not be over run by vacationers in the summer, I swear the state size triples then
My home store I have to ask what Vita games are in stock because there's never enough for a section
As someone from NH I'm hurt :(
Do you want to stay an extra 2 hours after close just to set this up? Or just take the times when no one is in the store to setup the display?
I'd buy that so fast, perfect size, perfect storage
The road just wants you to hear its new mix tape
Yes but I repair computers, I'd kill to be able to make at least something off of fixing an Apple product, be it an iPhone, iPad or Mac. In the only days you didn't have to call a GE tech to fix your GE fridge, you just called the local repair shop and they ordered the parts to fix any old issue. That's how computers should be. I shouldn't need to find another used computer just to fix a small issue in the first one. That's what this is about.
The Wii was somehow even worse, though sometimes I like to play the awful games. Makes you realise how good modern games are.
This is how I also end up having to review games, I review on a college radio station and my co-host will yell at me if I try to describe anything too deep. Hell we were revising a JRPG and he yelled at me because I compared the mechanics to Shin Megami Tensei because if he didn't know what that was then "no one listening will know what that is." Basically I can't compare games to anything but the major releases because "no one knows that." It's actually kind of annoying.
You can order from their website, my ski jackets from LL Bean, I use it and my previous jacket all the time. Never have either one worn out, new one is about 4 years old and the other is 8 or 9 (got it in middle school and the thing still fits nearly a decade later.) I don't think that we've ever actually used the return policy except for online orders because they didn't fit, which is usually under a week between bought and returned without removing tags.
Still need actually get the deluxe edition with those songs on it
Start with Black Parade, then if you enjoy it hit up Three Cheers for Sweet Revenge (that album is about equal in darkness) and after try Danger Days (more positive post apocalyptic sound yet still dark) 

Had someone in a class last night say "I got it for $300 I don't care what it has" about a computer... shivered a little at the thought of how bad a laptop it was
That's when you attempt to clean this, duh
In that millisecond it takes for the computer to register you hitting the enter key you're out of date by terabytes. In the time it'll take to download it's already 4 weeks past time to download again 
Edit: changed gigabytes to terabytes 
I'm more concerned with what's going to be outed to make room for this display. Although I suppose the 360 section in most stores could use a downsize. But I feel like it'll end up being the Wii that gets dumped
Well now I'm gonna have to find one, great
I now want a Blue Vita, that looks damn nice even in that light
From what I understand Apple Music can if you want offline listening, I don't use that service though so I don't know exactly how it works
CTR can be used on the PSP and PS Vita, that bubble stays so that you can transfer it if you wish
Welcome to the United States where data limits for both cell and home are a real thing. Even though they shouldn't be
Mmmm FLAC, the only way to really get some idea of what the engineer was hearing as they mixed 
I'm guessing from a phone, because let's be honest, hard drive space is cheap these days
Smaller than mine but quite the feat, I applaud you and your efforts 
Classic Frank, and he was dumped there
I'm starting to think this was the problem my university had last semester. Brand new routers started dropping out all over the place. All us students got was "we are working on this with Cisco"
I want to know what that riser for the desk is, this is the type of setup I need (although slightly modified for Post and Music mixing)
My area had civilian cars back in the 90's and early 2000's then around 2006 they started to get the Fleet Trucks, what a city I live in
Halo 5 is what? 90gb with all of the updates? I'd have to heck again but it's about that or 75gb, still hella big
I read it in the voice of JFK, made it just that much better
Even when they don't work without being modded to be wired
Time for some cable management, please...
Somehow managed to get one by chance last week from GameStop, it's never leaving the top of my Wii U (see that console is good for something)
Online just hit in yesterday's update, got this band kit and the Mad Cats version, drums seem sturdier this time. And the new Guitar is worlds better than the Mad Cats version. Had an issue with my Microphone and PDP fixed the issue with sending a new one right away. Overall nice kit
There's an episode (I do believe one with Clara) when you see many of the rooms as they run through them. But ya it's quite large and a real shame they hardly ever show more.
Selling an account is actually against the EULA you agree to when starting it. 
If only we could get them to work together again on a project like what almost happened in the 90's
I'm sure they have something but the big hope is they don't continue this gap for too long. Or make it PSP Go style with DL only. 
I think the Switch will lead Sony down the handheld path again. If it sells then they'll only see cash signs and take a stab at it (if they aren't already doing R/D)
It's all about how well taken care of it was, and the manufacturing process. Hard to tell really. I'd say if it's cheap then it's worth a pickup 
They didn't all die easily, it was some models that were really affected, others were plenty fine
I have an OG and Super Slim PS3. The difference is crazy. Really shows how fast technology can change
It won an Shooter of the year award from someone didn't it? Either way I got it on release and love it (now hopefully I'll finally be able to play at school with the new fixes to the wireless network)
I think they screwed up marketing the Vita, it's still a nice little unit and a system I enjoy playing
Splatoon 2 would like a word
That's a good reason to buy a few
The metal Hot Wheels cars are always the best too, like I have one from the mid-90's that goes faster than any of the newer ones through a track. Really is a shame
That's because Suda clearly didn't have a script, you can't fault the poor translator for being slower. Hell Japanese doesn't even use the same order of words as English. So you have to essentially listen to a sentence and then place them all in and order that makes sense for English. 
A few of them clearly hadn't even written a script... Splatoon man and Suda51 being the most obvious
Something tells me he went from the office to the expo and hadn't taken the time to write out a script
Kinda want that game, it has to go over better than Mario Party right.... (disclaimer, I enjoy Mario Party it is my friends who do not)
Both of them did... hell they seemed like opposite ends of a pack in game, showing you everything the system can do.
"Rolling around at the speed of sound"
DDR Mario Mix Switch It Up Edition? (Wow that'd be a long title)
Now just add temperature controls and they can make a game about escaping a house on fire
I think one of the devs they had went off script, the translator started out good then suddenly fell silent as if something was off. He then continued on the fly translating as best he could given what he was hearing
I love the vita because it's a great console to bring on trips to play games. Though I haven't heard of this series I'm always looking for new games to review.
When you have a game that'll sell no matter what you don't really have to, that and Japan doesn't always go for the latest right off
I transport it up to school, though I have no doubt that someone is crazy enough to transport one of the things on trips
Have an OG... why is it so bulky... it's like carrying around a DVR everywhere I bring it
If only the interface worked like PS4's, I hate it because it's extra effort just to hit play (though I have to use one for HBO thanks to Comcast who signed a deal with Microsoft.... bleh..)
You're think of Sony that gets royalties from Blu-Ray as they were part of the team of companies to help create the technology. As for the reasoning 4K Blu-Ray isn't in the PS4 I'd bet it's because it took until a year out from the slim system release to get the specs down pat.
Many places around me sell them, but I don't have a reason to buy yet as I have no player or TV capable (maybe once I'm finished school)
I feel like that's for on the go online, looks to have regular Wifi for the home
I was just there on Tuesday. Great ride
Oh yes sorry, I have my system set to display in Fahrenheit 
That's actually kinda cool
This I won't argue with, it gets the job done... unless you need power that is...
It's not that it's super ugly, it's that the stance is a tad wide and with the 2012 and back when it rains it'll run off the hood onto the radiator. (I prefer my TrailBlazer still)
Mother has a set of green, we store all of the flour and sugars in them 
I'm only a little hurt :(
Not as bad as my basement... I may or may not pickup every cheap ThriftShop instrument in good condition...
Knee deep in pennies maybe, music royalties ain't what they used to be
I know what I'm going to do if I come across and old cabinet like that. You've given me ideas
Have you seen some of the things that sell well for home consoles? I love me an FPS every once in a while but we don't need a new one every year with minimal upgrades... and then there's sports games...
There was a Black Mirror episode on that... I'm glad they don't 
That could be part, the other is you normally have to roll these types of changes in stages. You take all of the old talent and put them to the test before deciding if you need to hire more. 
Wonder if they'll be looking for an Broadcast mixers come spring? Could use a job straight out of school 
I mean I have all three current gen... but I do reviews so I guess I have an excuse?
Bro I collect Vinyl, its costs money but not stupid money. I can find most pressings of music like that of 60's, 70's and 80's bands easily for reasonable prices. It shouldn't cost $50 for a single. Or $200 for a set. The scalping due to scarcity is all too rampant and out of control with some records.
While this is true it's not something that can easily be explained to the parents buying systems for kids. Many of them hear that the features are similar and it can play Pokémon so they opts for the $80 vs. $200
Well it does technically sit next to the $80 2DS
They've actually gotten much better since they started using Aluminium. My 2015 model hardly gets hot even with the CPU temp up into the 150 degree range.
War of the Worlds had placed a disclaimer that everything was fictitious so no it's not likely to be an issue. Radio dramas have fallen out of the mainstream, though I know my universities radio station does one every year for Halloween. The number one thing for the style of drama War Of The Worlds goes for is that you should place disclaimers and small blurbs during any breaks informing the listener about what they're hearing. 
I'm assuming the second part sarcasm... at least I hope so

I'm currently thinking about dumping my 6 for an SE, I miss that size. I could actually reach across the screen when I had a 5S.
TrailBlazer checking in, also want this information, I could annoy my mother with this when she drives my car.
Edit: after further inspection of the image the artifacting around the text leads me to believe this is shopped. Shame really wish I could assign text to my display.
I wish I had more money than I knew what to do with and was able to save a few of these vehicles 
Smallest phone currently in the line up, it's that marketing they do 
The SE is the same size as the 5S (basically the shell with 6S internals)
Animal crossing was on sale this past week (maybe it's the regular price now?) for $15
Got a copy from Walmart a month of so back, still had the Wii Disk, so I think it's safe to assume there was one batch
Star Wars Christmas Special would like a word with you
Out of curiosity, did you secure the proper rights for the song? I'm not sure if you recorded it or are using official instrumental tracks but either way you'd need to secure the score license even for clarity. Or written permission from Warner Bros. music (assuming they own the score rights, which they probably do)
Comcast basically does, hell its cheaper for us to have a phone line than to dump it
What's really nice about those types of promotions if that it does help people start using the systems. But it also means that some of those people, who are probably flying for work, get to give there kids a nice gift for Christmas. 
I entered that, not hard to spend 3k at the Nintendo NY store though
Meanwhile I'm still trying to figure out some of the small vocal inflections... (I'm not even close, just regular 5Star)
Managed to order one this morning, nice gift to myself
I should start collecting these older machines, currently have a G3 and a G5 (though the G5 is gutted for a project)
Watched a guy buying his kids Christmas gifts who said "kids both wanted Moon so I bought Sun and we all have the game we want"
If you're using anything still with Windows 7 I've noticed that it'll still run almost perfectly. Now that being said Windows 8 and 10 break any mods and some menu systems (even with 10Pro in compatibility mode)
Might as well give it a go. I know someone that would love a PS4 but doesn't use Reddit or have much money
You never know when you'll be taken out in the wild wild interwebs, always best to prepare with a Will and some Security by your side
I really miss that series, I should go play that while I'm home and can use the  old computer with all my mods on it
I still need to track down one of the Classics to do the SD Card mod on, don't want to risk a perfectly good and working unit on it.
Was given them during a production of The Little Mermaid I was A2 for. They ended up just getting cut up because they were the really cheap ones... so instead I just took mics off and put them on barehanded... turns out in the summer sun that's not the greatest idea (wasn't bad during night shows which was the bulk of that production)
I still use iPods :( I really like the way that they work and I don't need to have my phone on me 24/7 (though I do wish the 7th Gen Nano had more than 16GB)
Edit: it should be noted that i study Live Sound and use them when I'm working gigs for things like PA checks.
iPod Classic used a hard drive
Actually had one of those systems in my car for 3 months when we switched over to Liberty Mutual, ended up paying less because I drove so little and didn't slam my brakes like crazy. Found it funny when the report said I was the best driver. 
My favourite is when I get free shirts so I just wear them around even if I don't know who the band is. That doesn't happen often but I have the ugliest shirt from an artist named "itch"
Technically they just own a stake in Pokémon, it's mostly owned by the Pokémon Company
I'm 100% ready for another ride filled with frights, laughter and so much crying... So many tears on so many play throughs.
Though that would take extra time, and they already only perform for about 45seconds.
Seems it's either a 5S or SE, camera is center on those models while the 4 and 4S had the camera off to the side of the earpiece.
Edit: has to be 5S or SE because it has the Touch ID home button.
They're slightly thicker than Blu-Ray, the same spine thickness as the PS3 and PS2 cases (probably what they were going for)
I've done that for more games than I'd like to admit
Look at fancy pants with the entire vita library *cries inside because Vita is so unloved by SCEA*
My life
Can confirm, in college with terrible Wifi, use Ethernet almost everyday 
These should work, thank you!
That sounds like something that would happen in Nashua... I wish I was surprised...
Depends on the item, I've gotten some good prices through these apps, and I've had some... issues...
I make this mistake more often then I like to admit... I'm sorry..
That should be Update #2

Saw one in store and bought it today. Didn't even know there would be any. Made my day
I can't even imagine setting up a console I/O for that many inputs if everything was actually live. You'd need what? 200 inputs or more just for the bands?
Is this in an area with college students? Sounds like some of the stuff I see in my dorm. Found a broken Xbox One controller last year, needed an analogue stick resoldered, bought a fried board with good sticks and just took one out and soldered it in. $15 controller all said and done
Truly is the problem of the world, people are just plain wasteful. 
I don't want to believe you, but knowing many people, I have no choice but to believe this could happen
Works now thanks, you don't happen to have any water pouring sounds do you?
The Subway Pack is giving me an error
I'm going to dig through these later, you may have just saved me for a project in a class if it has some of the difficult stuff I need. Thank you. (By difficult I mean I am a student with no free time)
Really? Every time I bring them one they say "yes we accept them, and they're sent to be either refurbished or recycled" could also depend on the chain, mines GoodWill of Northern New England so that may make a difference.
I completely forgot about that side of the argument
How about just emulated versions, gotta keep those pixels in tact
Well I mean Skyrim is M Rated yes? Why not just have rules for things like mods based on rating?
I worked two summers for a small theatre in a smallish city, the staff lot for crew was a side road with two sides of spaces and enough room for one car. I drive a Trailblazer EXT, sometimes you just end up having to get really good at parking... 
Goodwill would take it, just remove the HDD's (because sensitive info)
City I live in charges for that type of recycling... this is the reason I hate when it comes time to throw out batteries, like don't I pay taxes to cover recycling?
I had no clue about that function, just disabled it on my computer.
Well the TARES test was created to prevent them from making you seem like an idiot,m and yet here we are.
Last time I wanted something in an ad is I happened to see an ad on Crunchyroll (maybe because it's so specific that it might actually be tailored)
Damn... I preordered it on Amazon... it's whatever I suppose
Wait it was $340 at Target?
Spend $400 and get $10, it's like those rebates Staples does
Shit... I knew I should have had it shipped to where I am and not my house...
Do a crossover with Paper Mario.
The Legend Of Zelda: The 1000 Piece Link (featuring Dante of Devil May Cry)
Hey that's about when I started to get into audio (not saying much since I'm only 21) but audio engineering is a great thing. Now you asked about schools, I'm attending New England School of Communications in Maine. I'm leaning Live Sound side but still do some recording and Post projects. My number one suggestion is you can't say no to a genre, even if you hate it that's cash on a gig that can lead you to your preference. What you really want to get out of schooling is not only the hands on parts of audio but all of the theory, that can be the difference between indie and main stream. Secondly if you go to school for audio you'll be that much closer to being able to get an even higher degree (in something like acoustics, then you can make the big bucks.) As for radio quality, it's all about equipment and proper room treatment. If you know how to mix and EQ that can get you part way. The equipment is going to bridge the rest of that gap, though with the current technology state it's getting easier. Anyway hit me up if you have any specific questions.
As someone from New England, yes that's a good thing, we're bit stance up here guy
The school tag is all I need to verify this is the case and is true
If these people didn't scalp then stock may have actually been spot on...
That sounds like a dream 
Who knows maybe rule of rose is in that lot (doubtful but one can dream)
If you're a fan of JRPG games consider Persona 4 The Golden (truly worth the 100 or so hours in my opinion)
Hopefully Nintendo keeps these stocked or I won't ever get one of my own
That was the plot of a film actually
:( I didn't vote for him
Your tv is at a bit of an angle... I'm sorry...
Already has thanks to this election
Went to check the site and they're out of copies... I'm sad now, but my wallet isn't 
Can't forget "post toasties" and then adjusting EQ
Because talking between divisions is hard? Maybe iPhone division heard and said "naw"
When records actually manage to hit gold in the current state of music (so sad)
Over the pasted two years I've gotten a 360 and PS3 box bundle of Beatles RockBand for $50-$60 (360 at $50 and PS3 at $60 though it came with a special goodie I can't really talk about (hint: it wasn't supposed to be in the public sales)
Probably in the contract somewhere that they couldn't, music rights are weird
I'll add to this actually, magnetic tape is useful, but it also has a flaw in the way it get stored. When you store a reel in the fashion of starting end first it will cause ghost echos before notes. What this means is you hear hints of the note directly before it plays. To fix this masters are stored in reverse, with the end first and beginning at the inside of the spool. That's why some older albums will have strange reverb just after (or before) notes. 
It's a damn shame they sounded so bad, really was a space saver
Would depend on company policy where this fellow redditor works. Some would not allow this
Actually Hitler was a fan of tape, Nazi Germany created the first reel to reel tape system. Once the United States began invading they were startled by a realistic replication of Hitler's voice. They followed the speaker systems wiring to a room where they found a tape system. It was taken back to US soil and reverse engineered. That's how the first US tape systems came to be and why we started using tape in the record recording process in the late 40's and early 50's (learned this in one of my audio courses)
Not a clue haven't even put it in my console

I have one of these, couple years back found out we have an unopened pack of the gel... maybe I should take it out of the closet soon...
I think what they meant was 1/4" but ya that's the XLR wiring but is the mic from Logitech the same schematic as a normal XLR system?

I'd love it but who knows, maybe because it's a huge IP but I wouldn't assume anything at this point 
Bought a copy off a friend for $1 this summer, mint condition and who knows maybe someday someone will figure out how to revive it
Just made that same comment, then saw this when I scrolled me down. Glad I'm not the only one to think that
Green line tried to make a cardioid mic pattern it seems
Sounds like a job I could do actually, I'll have to dig up some wiring schematics and take a look at some thrift shops for old mics (no point in breaking a perfectly good one)
Would probably take care of the obvious latency (must be over 150ms) of RockBand 4 though the improved detection probably won't help if you're singing around the range of Hayley Williams (so close to all Gold Stars)
I'll have to try and get one then, thanks for the link 
Whelp now I feel stupid, not sure why I thought G5 and not G4 I should know this
So I need to ask, were those microphones running through the game? And if they were how does one go about this because I need it in my life
G5 Mac, nice model
I think I know what I did wrong now... and what I'll do next I'm home
Helped a friend build a $1,200 desktop, I made sure he put everything in the slots
It's only because Sony NA (I use them because that's my region) really botched the marketing of Vita. I saw maybe 3 ads in all of 2012 when it came out and even then they advertised it more of a home console than a portable
I wouldn't quite call them forced (I use Pro) the only time it'll install is when you turn off the PC. Now it may throw you a message or two but that's about it.
well they're supposedly certified though I suppose time will tell
A game about dead consoles, released on a dead console, played by lovers of dead consoles
I mean I'll take a higher storage for Nano...
I'd consider the MacBook with a 17" option, if not, iMac it is
Edit: the Pro that is