Lmao. EUcucks are so salty I can taste it. RIP
> I wouldn't be surprised if this had nothing to do with the US and there was some other internal reason for these negotiations.

lmao the delusion is strong with this one.
These posts are great. I just wish any of these bugs were fixed. 
I mean, I suspected that you're retarded but now it's definitive. Winning 3-1, definitely got 'shafted'. Lmao fucking imbred retard. 
Why would I be upset? You're such a retard. 
As soon as the refs start doing their job you dumb fuck. 
He's such a piece of shit. Should have gotten at least a yellow for that. 
Oh God. Please go cry in the corner. Nobody cares about some idiot on the internet hurting your feelings. 
These two have nothing in common except for looking similar. 
Because their new CEO is a fucking idiot that doesn't know what he is doing. 
Found the alt-left troll.
Well, it's been 10 hours so he's probably done setting all this up right about now. 
Who is 'everyone'? Is there any real data on this? The only reason why all glass phones are a standard is because of the wireless charging. 
Rotten Tomatoes is trash and cannot be trusted. Only user reviews on MetaCritic and Rotten Tomatoes are viable. 
Buy a new XB1 controller? 
Yes, that's damage from the drop on the screen. It's likely that they reuse the screens and that's one of the main reasons they take these phones in so a damaged screen is a big no no for them. 
Because the new game is NOT a God of War game. It's a good game from a cinematic standpoint but it's not a good God of War game. The new game has nothing in common with the original franchise apart from Kratos being the main character. In addition, Kratos himself is not the same Kratos that we've known from the original games apart from him looking like the same guy. I would also go as far as to argue that it's not a good game at all and maybe would have been much better as a new stand-alone franchise. Which in this case it is a reboot and Kratos and the whole game is completely different from the original.

Controls are not very good. That's a given for a console game. Melee fighting is fantastic but aiming is terrible and considering that there are many fast-paced aim shoot run moments it makes the game a pain to play. 

The new game is a weird God of War meets Dark Souls clone with an extremely stale variety of enemies and absolutely no sense of scale and epic fights compared to the old games. I have not seen the ending yet but the enemy variety is basically nonexistent. The only thing that happens is the same enemies get more health. The coolest fight in the whole game was the 1v1 fight vs "The Stranger" at the beginning of the game. Which personally very sad to me even though I don't consider myself a big God of War fan but I've always found the original games to be epic. This one, however, not so much. 
1. Yes.

2. Yes.

Source: I use both. 
No, if anything old games will ruin the new one for you. It's probably best if you only play the new one. 
No sympathy for crying baby bitches. 
Man, this games so buggy...
Jeez. Three years a row Exynos was better than SD and no one cared Now that one year SD is better than Exynos which is still better than the last years Exynos we have a fucking revolution on our hands. Suck it up and deal with it. 
Noone. That's whats funny about delusional comments like this. HAHA
Moto G6 it is then. 
Does it support CDMA?
Yea happens to me too. 
From what I understand, you have already submitted the photo for this movie. Is that correct? If so the photo should still be on your phone. You can find it and submit it again. 
Those gradient boxes are certainly the epitome of design in 2018.
> Only a small minority of the primarily Russian speaking eastern parts of the country prefer closer relations with Russia.

You are wrong. This may be true today. But before the war started most Ukrainians wanted to be on good terms with Russia.
This is a Samsung bug. Haven't had this issue personally but have seen someone else's S9 have this problem with ringtones. The fix was to go to Settings > Sounds And Vibration > Ringtone and change it then go back then change it again. I assume this should also work for the notifications. 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.messaging
99% of people do not care about the 'sophisticated support of extensions'. Opera has had built it ad blocking for years at this point. That's the only thing that most people care about. Apart from an actual good experience while using the browser.
No. It's still awful. Most of the benefits and new features that most people seem to list have been present in Opera for years. 
Just got a reply to the ticket I opened and they wrote that they will look into adding it to the app.
Yes, it's still not on the app. And yes, that's the exact words that were said from the MoviePass support.
Terrible idea. 
I thought that was Net Neutrality repeal? Oh, wait. 
Yes. However, his incorrect decision to not book Ronaldo for diving shows that he does not belong among the elite.
Most motherboards made in 2018 do not have Bluetooth. Unless of course, you are talking about laptops, in which case many of them already have a fingerprint scanner in the first place...
This only works with Bluetooth dongle for the PC?
The top pull-down is black... That's not at all like on the Pixel.
Are you sure it's all PRX? In the name it sounds like it's not just PRX. 'Regal Celebration Pointe 10 & RPX' But if it is then I guess it wouldn't be supported. Also, based on the movies here: https://www.regmovies.com/theaters/regal-celebration-pointe-grand-opening only StarWars was shown in PRX. I don't think it's all PRX. 
Yes
Just got ahold of someone at MoviePass and they told me I have to  talk to the theater manager and ask them to call MoviePass for the Theater to be added... Ugh. 
Ouch. I hope ours gets added soon. 
I do not. You can search XDA, GalaxyS8 and GalaxyS7 subs for such lists. I would recommend to only disable stuff in the  'bloatware' tab unless you know exactly what you are disabling. My personal strategy is to go to the RAM management in settings see what's in there and disable those packages if I do not want them. 
Like I wrote over a year ago. LowHigh will become the new Knee soon. 
In my opinion, definitely. I've uninstalled a ton of default apps and then I have disabled a ton of other Samsung packages that I would constantly find flooding the memory. 
Beautiful Widgets Pro

Heavenly Skies

Nova Launcher Prime

In that order.
I disabled this stuff using https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kunkunsoft.packagedisabler&hl=en
Do you happen to have the number I should call? Or should I use their regular support number? 
> More center than left.

LOL
> Android Pay is great when it comes to NFC terminals,

Please explain whats so 'great' about it. Does it have points? How is it any better on NFC than Samsung Pay? Samsung Pay also supports NFC.
Record the video. It might be that this only works properly on the Exynos version. It definitely does not unlock the phone and keep it on the lock screen. It works exactly the opposite. It will not activate the iris scanner until you swipe up on the screen. 

Also, you were replying to /u/SIThereAndThere not /u/alvedonen

I have no idea what you wrote but it doesn't work in the way that he described. 
I don't know what they were thinking when they implemented it this way. It's so much better the way that iPhone X does it. 
No. That's not what it does. 
They don't. One is good, the other one is not. 
I have a very hard time believing the headline.
You are such a dumbass. 

https://www.phonearena.com/news/Indian-soldiers-asked-to-delete-42-Chinese-spy-apps-Truecaller-we-are-from-Sweden_id100317
Lmfao. Are you really trying to reason with delusion? This guy is mental. 
Good. Now they should do the same for all governmental buildings. 
Agreed. Regal has been fantastic. 
This has to be one of the dumbest things I have ever read. 
By watching the game it wasn't a 3-0 game at all. The first goal was 100% defense fuck up. I completely agree about a bunch of individual fails.
Must be an Exynos exclusive issue. 
We must ban facebook! 
So, still can't do anything useful? 
No. They are absolutely pointless. If anything the screen protector will always get scratched while the screen won't. It will also not protect your phone if you drop it...
Lmao. You being downvoted is too funny. Perfectly shows how dumb people are on this shitty site. 
It's not the same. Pixel 2 launcher is much smoother when opening app drawer. There are two major differences between Nova Launcher drawer opening and Pixel 2 launcher. First, Pixel 2 launcher has a small bounce when you hit the top and the bottom. Second, and the most important one, is the fact that you can pull up or down anywhere on the screen to smoothly open the app drawer. This is kinda janky on Nova Launcher. It's not as precise and if you set a gesture to do it you can even pull it back down it just fully opens on swipe up. In general Pixel 2 launcher has much smoother ironed out animations which makes it a lot more pleasant to use. 

Source: Have been using Nova Launcher for years. 
Yea, like Bixby or something!
Wtf? That was a good movie. You should watch Just Getting Started if you think that was bad....
Here are my top 3:

1. Just Getting Started

2. Hurricane Heist

3. Wrinkle in Time and Downsizing share the last spot

Larger screen with a smaller size of the phone, obviously. 
It's not perfect but I don't have any real issues either. On hardware and software side everything seems to be working well. The only weird bug I've experienced is camera quick launch failing sometimes. I even got a message saying 'camera failed' once.
That's weird but check your settings to see if you have auto restart enabled. 
I think you are delusional. When are you getting treatment? 
Are you actually this stupid or are you just pretending? Are you one of those people that would recommend Qudans switching from Devil Jin or Saint from Jack after losing 3-1 too?
You are literally retarded and most definitely don't know the definition of stubborn. He did pick another character. And he also lost with that character. He also crushed Book before with Kazuya. In addition, you have literally no fucking clue of why Knee thinks it's a good matchup for him. Just because he lost a match or two doesn't mean he should be switching characters. 
Either that or you just don't know the definition of the word stubborn. If anything he's the opposite of stubborn. 
I don't know about 'most' but in this video, SD opened almost every single app faster. 
> this guy is very stubborn when it comes to character choice in tournament

You have no idea of what you're talking about. He always said that the most important part of winning any tournament are the matchups. He always 100% counter picks. He was playing Kazuya because he thought that was his best matchup against Jin. Nothing else.
That's a really retarded statement. Congrats! This is no different than it was for S7 SD vs S7 Exynos, nor is it different if you compare the S8 to the S9. Also, SD does destroy Exynos version in almost all synthetic benchmarks https://www.androidcentral.com/samsung-galaxy-s9-tested-exynos-9810-vs-snapdragon-845
Surprisingly SD destroys Exynos in almost every single test. Almost every single app loaded faster on the SD version. 
The battery life on my S9+ is fairly good. May have something to do with the fact that I disabled a ton of Samsung packages.
No, but that's because I have the S9+. Also, I have used the BK package manager to disable most of the Samsung stuff that goes into memory. That helped a lot I believe. 6GB or RAM is amazing though.
> The Gear VR Killer

Not for $200 it's not. You can get a brand new 3rd gen GearVR for $30 like I did the other day for my S9+
This is just not true. Obama campaign did exactly the same thing...
https://forum.xda-developers.com/android/apps-games/app-google-dialer-t3557412

This is the one you want.
I want to support the game but at this point, I wish I got a refund for the 3 DLC I pre-ordered... 
February 20, 2018

Yea right. We need to look at actual production unit results. Not some pre-production test. That link is useless. 
Famous people should probably be banned from voicing their opinion on any kind of political issue. They are so delusional and out of touch with reality that they have absolutely no clue of what they are talking about most of the time.
> I think you can prefer stock Android experience without being a fanboy.

You can have a near stock Android experience on the S9 though. My S9+ is 90% stock apart from some of the customizations that I prefer. So this point is moot. 
> Which is why I don't understand why reviewers continue to mention Samsung apps as negatively as "bloatware". Just because it's not your preference of an app, does not mean it's bloat. Android is supposed to be about options,

My personal opinion is because you can't uninstall those even if you want to. This is an example of lack of options. If Samsung allowed to uninstall all of these apps then there would be no problem.
I was in the same boat and I wish you good luck with that. I can only hope that Pixel 3 will not be a huge disappointment. 
Lmao. I doubt that G6 comes anywhere near S9+ in battery life. 
Yea it does... lol
I don't know about this. S9+ has very very good battery life. 
Because he can as well. You can't have both, 20h standby + 7h SoT usage. If he used the phone for straight 6 hours he would have same battery life. 
He is retarded. It's definitely very good. 20h on battery + 2.3h of SoT is very good. Considering he's still at 22% he can probably get 2 more hours of SoT. 
It's not that hard to understand. Kazumi is very good at applying pressure and it's very hard to deal with it if done right. She has amazing pokes strong combos and is great at applying pressure at the wall. Even the best players have very little space to work with while fighting Kazumi because she can constantly push you and it's difficult to do anything against it. The players that are weaker and don't have great movement instantly get lost and overwhelmed by this. In addition, her great poking ability and her pressure result in constant chip damage which basically the most important factor that leads to wins at a high level. 
In this specific case, I think it's the photographer, not the camera that's at fault. 
He didn't say it was bad either. He's saying it can be better. 
> It mainly makes it louder.

This is exactly what I think it does when I listen to it. I don't think it does anything else.
Wow! They are even giving a free 18W USB-C charger! Finally a deal!
Older cards are not that good looking but many of the newer cards look pretty cool.

https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/72/LightandDarknessDragon-AP02-EN-C-UE.png/revision/latest?cb=20130630173224

https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9b/HighPriestessofProphecy-BPW2-NA-UR-1E.png/revision/latest?cb=20140120115659

http://940ee6dce6677fa01d25-0f55c9129972ac85d6b1f4e703468e6b.r99.cf2.rackcdn.com/products/pictures/1144170.jpg


http://i.imgur.com/ENBxZnC.jpg

https://static-3.studiobebop.net/ygo_data/card_images/Elemental_HERO_Absolute_Zero.jpg

https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/40/ChaosGoddess-TSHD-EN-ScR-1E.png/revision/latest?cb=20100523081627

These also look much better IRL than the mediocre looking scans that they are. There are more example here: https://www.reddit.com/r/yugioh/comments/5aiv1y/most_beautiful_card_art/
Yep, have the same thing. My S7E has not had this issue at all. Key's were super solid. 
https://www.apkmirror.com/apk/sage-bionetworks/my-bp-lab/my-bp-lab-1-0-5-release/my-bp-lab-1-0-5-android-apk-download/
This review: 4/7.
I tried that before. That's not what it does. What this does is doesn't scan your face/iris before you swipe. Which means I need to swipe and only then it will scan. What I want is for it to scan immediately like it does by default. However, I don't want it to go to the home screen. Instead, I want it to stay on the lock screen until I swipe. Just like iPhone X does it. 
Another thing I am wondering is there a way to intelligent scan unlock the phone without it going to the home screen but staying on the lock screen until you swipe. Kinda like the iPhone X?
So he got the idea from this but I guess Snoke could not figure it out. 
Man... We always draw RM. 
God Aris is actually so dumb it's impressive. Need to lay off of that bong.
I am extremely pleasantly surprised by how much better it is than the S7. It's much faster and much smoother. 
I don't. I use NovaLauncher. I don't like Samsung launcher at all. Pixel 2 launcher is super nice. I was tempted to switch from Nova but Nova offers too many nice things that I don't want to give up. But this is the best version of Pixel 2 launcher you will find out there. 
Yea, this one is super smooth and has additional useful features. 
SD845 ain't so bad either. I'm actually impressed https://i.imgur.com/jHTjM8s.jpg
If you really want a 'Pixel' experience you can just use the Pixel 2 launcher: https://forum.xda-developers.com/android/apps-games/app-rootless-pixel-2-launcher-google-t3688393 

Aftery my experience with the S7E I've gotten a dbrand skin for the s9+. It solves the scratching on the back and the phone being super slippery. I like dragon skins specifically. It looks pretty slick too.
I upgraded to the S9+ for the S7E and S9 is way faster. This phone is super snappy. At least for now. I think it's an alright upgrade with the price that I got on it.
It's even better if you use a .edu email and ebates. That's $100 more saved. 
That's true. I did not realize that it is needed only once for calibration.
Ha, they don't cut off other people they interview when they compare Trump to Hitler.
I'm actually super impressed with the battery life after my initial setup. I booted up with 50% was using the phone the whole time installing and setting things up and got 4h of SOT with 18% battery left. Also, SD.
Yea, I agree. This is not too useful.
I'm sure you can just donwloand the apk
The only thing I've learned from this is that S7 has a really good camera. Even after 2 years.
I think that's a pretty valid complaint. This should be addressed by an updated... 
Great idea! 
That's because it's queit a bit smaller than the S7E. https://www.phonearena.com/phones/size/Samsung-Galaxy-S7-edge,Samsung-Galaxy-S9/phones/9818,10716
Probably not. I'm actually hoping for Pixel 3 to replace my S9+. 
I was originally expecting Yuyu to completely crush Tanukana but I guess Tanukana has gotten a lot better in the past year. I don't know how much Yuyu plays these days but she was visibly out of her top form. Was dropping a lot of launchers.
> Wtf is going on with mainstream headlines these days?

I don't know if the martinhajek.com can be considered mainstream. Regardless, the notch design looks terrible. If anything they should just make the top and bottom bezels even thinner than they are right now. Which I'm pretty sure they can do.
This is a cooler shade of white. Not a blue tint like everyone has already mentioned here. The other phone has a 'yellow' tint which is a warmer shade of white. You can adjust this in the color balance settings if you dislike how it looks. It looks like there is some minor color shifting in your video but I'm pretty sure that's normal for most screens. 
Eh. It's too close in my opinion. S9 is slightly better in the color and doesn't have the ugly yellow tint but then pixel does better in some other areas. I think Pixel 3 will absolutely destroy all competition when it comes to photos in any condition.
> and certainly better than the Galaxy S9

lmao

Not to mention that I'm getting the S9+ for $440 tax included after all of the deals. 
Overpriced. 
That's a no...
That's obviously a T-Mobile boot up sound. 
Personally, I will recommend using the Google apps. Google dialer, Google messenger, Google Keyboard, Google calendar etc. Make sure to use Google Photos app over the Samsung Galery app.

For the car: aCar and Android Auto.

For spam/call identification: Hiya

Weather Calendar at a glance widget: Another Widget.

Apart from these I also recommend apps that people have already mentioned: Nova Launcher, Google opinion rewards.
Can someone explain to me what customs overlays are used for apart from themes? Also, how does Samsung do this with their theme store?
I would start here: http://www.vimgenius.com/

This really helped me when I was learning. Out of all the sites, this was by far the most effective and efficient for me to learn with. It's also free.
> Yesterday I got just over 8 hours screen on time.

Sounds like you have an Exynos version.
Mine is unique and original. Lol https://imgur.com/a/O3rNd
I obviously don't know for sure but S9+ is a much taller phone than the S7E. https://www.phonearena.com/phones/size/Samsung-Galaxy-S9,Samsung-Galaxy-S7-edge/phones/10717,9818

I have the S7E and the first gen headset and it's a pretty tight fit. I was just looking at the headset and I don't see how it can fit. 
And it shows. I mean the photos look great. But they would look better with a good dedicated camera. Heres hoping Pixel 3 will be even better! 
Another reason could be that PUBG is a shitty game. 
I doubt this will work. The lenght of the phones is different. Might work for the S9 but the old headset will definitely not fit the S9 Plus.
There is already one. The version that came out in 2017 for Note 8.
Agreed. Hell, I can even live without a headphone jack if they give me good front-facing stereo speakers with thin bezels and a high-quality DAC adapter. 
lol
Saw it just now. It's a great movie! Super funny, great writing for story and good acting. 
Nope. Still there. Ordered the day pre-orders opened.

EDIT: Mine disappeared as well now. 
You have to re-do all of the 2 steps with the new app. 
Don't worry, it still will. 
It's interesting that you say this because I've stopped using any shortcuts on the desktop a few years now. I've set double swipe down in Nova Launcher gesture to search and use it 90% of the time. It shows recent apps and I can instantly search and find any app I need by inputting just a single letter. 
What did they expect? I've had an extremely hard time justifying an upgrade from the S7E. It's not that great of an improvement over a 2-year-old phone for me. 

EDIT: Everyone here keeps saying how it's an iteration of a previously good phone and that it's just a marginal improvement but this was not the case at all with the S6 to S7 line. If the branding this year is 'camera reimagined' then S6 to S7 jump was 'smartphone reimagined'. The S7 line sold better than the S8 and likely S9 too. So Samsung can and should try harder on delivering a groundbreaking product.
> I've had and never had a problem

Oh. Well, then that'settled. Pixel 2 has no issues.
Probably does but not by a significant enough margin. 
> The Pixel has been fantastic, too.

Do you mean fantasticly bad? Or are you talking about Pixel 1? There are so many issues that everyone keeps reporting on here and other places. 
Man, all these issues with Google phones is what really makes it hard for me to get the Pixel. I really hope Pixel 3 will be the perfect phone.  I'm going to have the S9+ but I really hope they fix all of the hardware issues they had with Pixel 2 and make a no compromise phone this time around.
Yea I have a question. Why the fuck do you guys get all the free stuff and a phone a whole week earlier than everyone else? 
I'm tired of them making everything into a circle. Ugh
Wtf. This is not ok. That's completely fucked up. Fuck the people who do this.
It's only not ok when Russian is meddling in our elections and politics. When the EU does it it's for the greater good!
Because they are racist pieces of shit that somehow believe that they are on a moral high ground vs the US. 
> Samsung doesn't come close to Apple in sales yet Apple still updates on time and on schedule.

You're right Samsung doesn't come close. It outsells Apple by a very large margin.
https://businesstech.co.za/news/mobile/227509/top-5-best-selling-smartphone-brands-in-the-world/
I use Hiya and I like it. It's not perfect but it works. Truecaller is a spam app in itself.
Considering what you wrote I would just wait for Pixel 3 and get that over the S9. I don't have faith that S9 will hold up very well over time
You have no idea of what you're talking about. This is just false. 
I'm sure there are many other small things I am forgetting here like always on display for example.
> and there's almost no NFC Pay where i live
> 
> 

Good news mate. Samsung Pay doesn't need NFC. 
> Mi 6 was 350 euro for a Snapdragon 835 while S8 was around 600+.

While true, this is not exactly a fair comparison. I was looking into buying a Xiaomi phone. But you do pay extra for some premium Samsung features. E.g.

IP 68

SAMOLED 5.8 1440p display with higher pixel density and screen to body ratio

Much better camera

Wireless charging

SD card slot

Other Samsung stuff like GearVR and Samsung Pay.

Mi 6 has a slightly bigger battery and 6 gb ram.
> It throws the stock android launcher

As someone who has been using Nova for years and recently have been trying Pixel 2 launcher ports. This is not true at all. Pixel 2 launcher is smoother and feels better to use. That's part of the reason why I'm so conflicted about leaving Nova. I just can't give up some features that I use daily.
Personally, I will recommend using the Google apps. Google dialer, Google messenger, Google Keyboard, Google calendar etc. Make sure to use Google Photos app over the Samsung Galery app. 

For the car: aCar and Android Auto.

For spam/call identification: Hiya

Weather Calendar at a glance widget: Another Widget.

Apart from these I also recommend apps that people have already mentioned:  Nova Launcher, Google opinion rewards.

He is wrong. Android phones can absolutely do this. You do this using Android Auto app.
Not really. Just took a picture and it said stub submitted. 
How interesting. I had this just now as well.
It's a pretty shitty deal. You can easily get the CFG73 Series 27" for about $250 refurbished which is a much better monitor. This is only a good deal if you need the 4K.
Here is a fact. Ubisoft puts a lot more effort into producing original games and taking risks compared to most other companies. Most of their games are really good compared to the rest of the market.
> the notch doesn't take any screen away.

True. Only takes usability away. 

Not only that but also you have to hold the phone somehow. Good luck holding it by the notch.
It's bs. They are not. I've been using this for years and it doesn't have any real battery impact: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.maxelus.skylivewallpaper&hl=en
Can't really speak for the 'popular youtubers' but in my personal opinion, Flossycarter does some of the best reviews for phones anywhere.
It's some bullshit for real. I feel for you. Even here living in the US the prices for me are outrageous. In addition, there will always be people that are willing to pay almost anything to get that shiny new toy so the price just keeps creeping up. I'm actually fairly happy with the S9+ deals that are happening right now. After trading in the S7E getting the S9+ for $470 tax included is an amazing deal. 
Yes, fruit phone owner. Yes, we are.
> The pathetic state of journalism.

Fixed that for you. On a more serious note I like phonearena but no ones perfect. 
> The amount of people who’d buy it at $1100 would be huge. My dad bought the 8 at that price

Well, you just gave an answer for why they would never do that. If people are willing to pay the same price for older phones then there is no need to price down their flagship. 
Lmao. Sorry that a phone that came out in 2014 has a chin of the same size as the iPhone 8. And yea, having a camera on the bottom is totally a deal breaker. I'll take an ugly notch any day over that. 
So what you're saying is you like the Huawei approach.
It depends on what you want from a phone. I'm in a similar situation but I've decided to trade in the s7e on Samsung website and get the s9+ for only $470. If I like pixel 3 I will try to sell the s9+ and get the pixel. I think you should trade in the g4 and get the the s9. 
> just cus they dont like change.

'They' don't like it because it's an eyesore. Can you get used to it? Sure. Is it a good implementation? That's very arguable but in my opinion, it is not. Here are the examples of the phones that get it right.

https://image4.geekbuying.com/ggo_pic/2017-09-11/Xiaomi-Mi-Mix-2-5-99-Inch-6GB-64GB-Smartphone-Black-465274-.jpg

https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/tGVEb7KaKq6JuluzDhh1HpIGJDI=/0x0:1019x679/1025x683/filters:format(webp)/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/37175754/sharpaquoscrystal-1020-6.0.0.jpg

https://i-cdn.phonearena.com/images/articles/260572-image/The-Sharp-Corner-R-is-a-concept-phone-with-a-bezel-less-curved-edge-display.jpg
https://www.amazon.com/Samsung-EP-LN920BBEGUS-Charge-Dual-Port-Charger/dp/B01IPJX2NY/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1520200616&sr=8-3&keywords=samsung+car+charger

I bought this one for my S7E a while back. It's really nice. Super fast. Comes with USB C and an old-fashioned USB cables. Very affordable too. 
Yep. That's right. 
I am more interested S9 snapdragon vs exynos. If anyone has that people post a link. 
S9+ has 104 in photo score. 
Nova launcher and Pixel 2 launcher. 
No. This would make the game complete ass. It needs to be something similar to DOTA. Maybe a regular non ranked version that you can play using all of the cards and the ladder version where you have to buy/unlock the cards. Also, non ranked version would let you unlock the cards for the ranked. Or something in this manner. 
Pretty sure almost any modern smartphone can do this...
Yep, got it as well. Good stuff! $475 tax included is an amazing deal for the S9+
After my S7 Edge experience, I will only get a dbrand skin to prevent scratches. I might get the dbrand grip if that ever comes out. 
I'm sure they will. As long as it works and the screen is not broken they will give you $150 for it. Also, you can use the @edu email to get a student discount and ebates.com to get money back through paypal which will bring the S9 price down to only about $500 tax included.
Trade in your 6 on Samsung website and get the s9.
Did your ebates cash back show up right away? Mine doesn't show up and I asked the customer support they said it won't show up until the order is shipped because it's a pre-order. 
https://i.imgur.com/AGOfQVq.png
It's possible to get the $300 + 8% off student discount for the S9/S9+. I'm strongly considering doing it. This brings the S9+ to $530 after tax on their site. The only thing I'm not sure about now is if I need to buy a new GearVR headset because if that's the case that sucks. 
> kicking ass

More like sucking ass.
Probably because of better stabilization.
Not the 8 but here are some comparisons with the X https://youtu.be/yFFGal5mP2w?t=591
If this is real then I am really surprised and impressed by how a company as big as LG manages to fail every year with their flagship phone.
> if you look at pictures from a s7 and s9 

I think their main focus was the low light performance for the S9. And they delivered. They easily beat any other camera phone in that department.
You are right. The low light performance is outstanding on the S9. I just hope they fix overexposure to make this camera truly stand out. Some more photos here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_U87jFRcQIM

You are probably right. But the thing is when S7 came out it was far in a way the best camera on the phone. Noone came even close. But now with the S9, Pixel 2 which came out months ago is still on par with the latest and greatest that Samsung has to offer. I don't feel positive about a trend like this.
Verge? I upvoted you but once I saw that part I removed the upvote. The Verge is less credible than Unbox Therapy... 
> Exposure and Light Metering: I feel like the S9 over-exposes everything. This is a pretty annoying and serious issue, as it strongly negatively affects dynamic range and definition across the board. I feel like it comes close to ruining the S9 camera experience and should be addressed in a future update.

I feel the same way and actually like Pixel 2 photos better compared to the S9. I think this is something they may be able to fix with the software update.
Well yea, the sensor is better. But looking at the photos Pixel 3 camera will likely absolutely crush the S9. 
I will have to call them and clarify but people on here have been saying that it's possible to get both. 
Hearthstone is trash. It simply dominates video game market because it's a well-done computer TCG game. Yugioh, MTG, Android NetRunner etc. are far superior games. The only reason why they are not so popular on computers is because of the greedy owners that don't want to make a decent online version and just want to make as much money as possible by selling real cards at ridiculous prices.
Galaxy S7 refurbished goes for $240 on Amazon. Can't go wrong the Moto G5S Plus. or wait for G6
> Then the S6 introduced the glass design and the curved screen, and the S7 followed through with similar design but better and improved components and internals.

I'm not sure if this is exactly the case. There was a huge leap in features and hardware from S6 to S7. Much larger than the S7 to S8 or even S7 to S9 in my opinion.
> S9+ for $425

Man... You're really convincing me to go for this deal if the price will really be ~$475 for the S7 edge trade in + the .edu email.
I'm glad Trump was in the title so that I know how to feel about this one.
I'm having the same thoughts. Although I am considering doing the trade in + student discount deal which will get the S9+ to $500+tax. Seems like a good deal.
This is a pretty simple formula. Tekken 7 has way too many issues for casual players to stick around. Even simple stuff like 4 bars set 70% of games end up at 3 bars is still not fixed. I'm not even going to go into all other major problems with the game. 
Do you know if it's possible to use the student discount and a trade in together? 
These commentators suck. But that was awesome.
>  Pai turned the FCC into a joke that wont enforce anything

Totally. A complete joke. 

https://www.phonearena.com/news/A-Brooklyn-bitcoin-miner-was-behind-earpiece-static-on-T-Mobile-calls_id102532

https://www.phonearena.com/news/FCC-to-give-carriers-4.53B-for-10Mbps-speeds-in-rural-areas-T-Mobiles-5Mbps-offer-shot-down_id102721

Retards like you on reddit that have no fucking idea of what they are talking about are the best. 
Romania is not a 3rd world country...
Pricing is ok. The phone is kinda meh. Need to wait for the comparison between the Exynos and SD versions camera vs the Pixel 2.
Good choice. And don't listen to the fools that are saying that curved screen is bad. You will love it. I would still recommend buying the S8+ though, I think.
I think this might be Windows 10 DVR. Try seeing if you have this on and if you do disable it.
Oh, I keep forgetting that people on reddit are mentally handicapped. I'm talking about game 1. 
Ok, I don't actually know about on release. But when S7 came out a couple of months later it was never even close. 

EDIT: It's actually whole 6 months later that the S7 was released. It's quite a long time. Maybe they were some of the best cameras not sure. 
Sure do: https://www.phonearena.com/phones/size/Apple-iPhone-X,Samsung-Galaxy-S8,Samsung-Galaxy-S7/phones/10414,10311,9817
Still waiting to see what S9+ will bring but I don't think I will do it a the $900 price tag. It doesn't have the features I want and the price is just insane. I also hope Oreo improves the S7 experience then I will definitely wait for a while longer. Worst case scenario I will wait a few more months and see if I can buy the S9+ for $700.
I hope that keeps happening because the prices have reached outrageous levels.
TIL: Wayne Gretzky is an asshole. 
Yea, it is difficult if you use that shitty weapon. 
Those casters were complete trash. They were flaming Fnatic for getting shadow blades and saying they will surely lose. Really hate when casters have no fucking clue of what they are talking about.
It's actually fairly easy to do so long that you get into a pattern of f n ff+2 or ff n f+2. Just need to pick one and practice for consistency.
I don't really know if what you're saying was true in the past. But one of the main reasons I visit this sub now is precisely due to the diversity of opinions here.
I've been having this issue for months. Still can't find a working solution.
You can listen to the OST on Spotify as much as you want. I think the digital release is in a month or so. 
I saw The Greatest Showman 5 times. I absolutely love that film. I've also watched Star Wars twice, sadly. I went with my friends and then my dad wanted me to go with him so I did. 
> But the fact that the issue of gay people is a topic that is worthy of being exaggerated to absurd levels suggests that the creators have an issue with gay people.

According to your argument, the creators also have an issue with mandatory draft and guards at schools because both of those were also exaggerated to absurd levels. Is that correct?

> If they were going to outright absurd consequences for refusing to vote, they could have picked less political topics to exaggerate.

I completely agree with this. But saying this ad is 'homophobic' is like saying that anyone who thinks this ad is homophobic is Russophobic. Neither makes any sense to me. 
Dude, it doesn't "say" anything like that. All of these are completely absurd made up scenarios. The fact that YOU think that it's an issue says a lot. This video doesn't even say anything about "living" with a gay person. It's saying that you can be forced to house a person regardless of your personal wishes... 
Please don't trust the verge. Watch this instead and make your own opinion: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkoa-7vbVbE

This guy does amazing reviews.
> You thinking Dan, a long time Android user, doesn't know how to set a default launcher on Android or you trying to defend yet another EMUI "bug".

Lmfao. This one is pretty easy considering this is the verge we are talking about here. 
Well, what else would you expect from The Verge? Lmao. Flossycarter did a review for this phone. He does great reviews. 
Uhssup? Are you fucking kidding me? I'm never the one to complain about names of products but wow. 
As someone who strongly dislikes Russia and speaks perfect Russian, I think that this video is not really "homophobic". Insensitive, maybe? 

After he wakes up the new government in power is trying to take him into the army because the new age to serve was raised to 60 which makes no sense. Next, his son is dressed as a Pioneer and is asking for 4 million rubles ($7k) for school guards which is insane. And after the "homophobic" part happens where you have to take a gay person into your home for a week which is another absurd moment. All of these are completely exaggerated and would obviously never happen. So the point of the video is that you should go and vote and if you don't, don't be upset if something that you do not like happens. Of course, all the shills on here will never even consider the reality and go with an amazing article which doesn't even show the video. 
I did that but it was a while ago. I do not like Samsung skin personally. However, using NovaLauncher and Google apps you can make your phone look and feel almost identical to the stock Android experience.
Curved screens are superior. Having a phone with a larger screen but a smaller footprint is basically the main selling point. Noone forced you to buy the Note 8 either. You could have gotten the G6. 
Yes, I have gotten a refund when the card didn't work and I had to purchase the ticket using my own card. 
Just keep in mind that they allow refunds only if "refund for any title that is requested within 14 days of purchase and has been played for less than 2 hours"
I wouldn't worry about it. You have an i7. Just because it's clocked lower doesn't mean it's not as powerful as the i3. http://cpu.userbenchmark.com/Compare/Intel-Core-i7-2820QM-vs-Intel-Core-i3-4160/m3145vs2816

Also, worst case scenario you can always refund on Steam. Am I guessing that's a laptop you have? I think Tekken will run on it. 
I bet your PC can easily run Tekken on lowest settings. Minimum specs are: 

Intel Core i3-4160 @ 3.60GHz 

NVIDIA GeForce GTX 660 2GB

6 GB RAM
Now that's what I call defensive training. 
That tells me literally nothing. My PC is from 2012 too I have only bought a new GPU last year because the original one died and it runs Tekken all maxed out easily. What are the exact specs? 
Tekken 7 runs on really low-end hardware. What are your PC specs?
No, it doesn't. There is an extreme minority and an extreme majority. Just take a look at r/all. I agree that reddit is worse but it is exactly because there is only one side to almost every story on here.
Alisa - AO

Bryan - Jimmy J Tran

Heihachi - JDCR

This is pretty standard for Korean phones tbh. I'm sure it's still there.
Not that I had any expectations of this movie. But that's a good way to certainly ruin it. 
In the sense that he doesn't know what that word means.
I bet they went straight for Runite.
So... I think we both agree that Google is to blame for the issues and this article is just bad? 
I don't think that's true at all. Google designs the phones and gets a manufacturer to build it for them. However, considering all of the problems that Google phones have been having I don't think they are good at building phones at all. We used to blame LG, HTC, Huawei, etc. But I think the problem is with Googles designs, not the manufacturers. 
Do you use any type of package disabler? 
It was $116 dollars. Anyone who has a job can afford that. Wtf are you even talking about? The real issue is that many people live paycheck to paycheck and something small like $100 can be a week or two of groceries for them. 
I don't know about "better" but they certainly would be capable of beating the top Korean and Japanese players. 
Works like magic for PC desktop client https://www.ericzhang.me/projects/spotify-ad-blocker-ezblocker/
That or an Orange rank that spams snake edge on yellow bars. 
So Florida is basically the only diverse place when it comes to peoples preferences for food when dining out. Okay. 
France is the third world or this seal is an idiot. Pick one of these two. 
> Go to any large farm in America. 99% migrant workers.

Migrant workers != illegals. 
So they threaten them instead of firing them? What the fuck!? These companies need to be fined heavily for hiring illegals. 
Eh, contacted customer service twice, got very quick resolutions both times. 
This is so right. rofl. Fucking "hey"
Thank God it doesn't work this way. I live in the US and 50 - 60% of my matches are yellow bars which is barely playable. I would probably just kill myself if I had to deal with even worse connections. Also, as far as I know, you can play vs people from different regions. E.g. SA vs EU. The only reason it doesn't happen is that most people set their match preference to 4 bars or better. 
If you are looking to become a professional player and want to make a living doing it then definitely stick with CS. Unless you live in Korea or Japan being a professional Tekken player is pretty much a pointless waste of time when it comes to making money. There is an extreme minority of players that can make money playing Tekken competitively. And that money is not much to begin with. If you want to play Tekken then play for fun. Don't expect to make money doing it.
Go ask r/kappa if you want an honest opinion. 
What was the color of the bars when you did it?
What I would prefer is the ability to remove all the Samsung things that I do not want to have on my phone. 
Never went away for me since the day of release. The overwhelming majority of my games also drop to 3 bars instead of 4 set. 
Buy a keyboard with Cherry MX switches. I would recommend brown ones. I like WASD keyboards but they are expensive.
I hope not. These are so fugly. I was hoping to upgrade this year...
On the back or on the front? 
I felt like Cuphead is a fairly easy game. Especially compared to the old school NES games. 
This is just wrong. They should definitely lose their spot. It's pretty cruel to do this to Ohaiyo.
Please fuck right back off to league of faggots. This is DOTA. In pub everyone picks whoever they want. He was playing legit techies and these guys destroyed their items and threw the game. 
Not really. I would like to say yet but it's really not. 
I feel bad for MBC lol. LowHigh is legit af though. 
Because it's ALWAYS been like this. Or even worse in the past. Everyone here is flaming this and yet if you go to any internet providers site in the US the 10/2mbps is what they ALL offer as the default.
> I have never understood lying to women because if the ultimate goal is to be in a relationship

Because that's the only thing that can possibly work for some guys. I don't know your situation but as you can see in this thread there are people that have spent years on all kinds of dating apps and are getting barely any dates. At some point, they resort to lying which increases their chances. Online dating has nothing to do with the reality. You want to present the best you have to offer even if you have to mislead the women into believing that you are what they are looking for. Once you are on a date, however, your chance for success increase dramatically. Regardless of whether you mislead them or not. 
Ridiculous. 
Ok, so what you really are saying is that you have no fucking idea of what you're talking about. Cool. 
What the fuck are you talking about? What you are saying literally makes no sense. I asked to explain and you gave me some stupidity. Thanks! 
Okay, I don't necessarily agree with him, but he has a point. If the developer cannot sell the houses but keeps building them then what is happening with those houses? They can't just sit empty they are losing money...
I have too many tbh. 

No replay mode.

No online practice.

No settings for when practice when waiting for a match to begin.

Many small bugs and gameplay glitches that are not being fixed.

In general, loading is too slow. Just to start practice mode takes a while.
Definitely Opera.
Obviously, that was the meaning. And you are still wrong because they by no means 'failed' at all. Second place is definitely a success. If anything they failed to take the first place.  That's how it should have been worded for proper context, which it was not at all. 
Does anyone have the link to his dotabuff or something? It's very possible if he plays 2 heroes. 
"failed" is pretty harsh for very close second places...
This may be difficult to impossible to actually implement for some sites. If they are faced with fines I think eventually what may happen is they will just block access to Germany and that will be the end of it. 
Dude, I'm in Florida and it was 30 in the morning. Shit's crazy.
I love how the truth is getting downvoted. LOL
HTC EVO 3D. Interestingly enough Sharp Aquos Crystal may have been the best. Probably due to stock Android. 
Ha, so suddenly benchmarks don't matter? ROFL. You are the one ignoring all of the benchmarks and have some trash video by a no-name youtuber. Great job. 
https://www.anandtech.com/show/11540/samsung-galaxy-s8-exynos-versus-snapdragon/3

Yes, ignored ALL the benchmarks. 
No, it doesn't you fucking moron. You have no idea of what you're talking about. 
Because most people do not watch a video for 3 hours on their phone and then turn on the camera for another 3 hours you idiot. 
I don't think this video is at all representative of Razer phones battery life. OLED displays will always be more efficient at consuming the battery than the LCD displays. There needs to be a more real-world life test than just watching the video for 3 hours. 
That looks painful. 
> Also, they think the 5T is the best phone with most of the above

No HDR on screen

No Waterproofing

No High refresh rate screen

No Front facing speakers.

No High-resolution screen.

If anything GS8 covers more of these at the same price point. I really don't understand why people always praise the 5T. 

They don't fucking need to. As someone who has owned an HTC EVO 3D I can easily say that those phones slow themselves down...
Just use the PSP Tekken 7 mod and you 
 can practice all the exact same combos as in T7. https://www.reddit.com/r/Tekken/comments/5zqvt1/can_someone_explain_how_to_install_tekken_7_psp/

There might be a more recent download link somewhere.
Bugged game. Nothing new here. 
8 years in the office and he picked a fantastic timing for the great budget planning to kick in! What a genius. If only he did it during his presidency so there would some evidence for what you're saying.
Yea good luck with that at this price.
I'm not too worried. I just don't want to get banned for something stupid like this. I think they check my account they will know this was a mistake. 
Cashiers have been doing it a bunch of times for me too. This is just the first time I've used the kiosk and it glitched out.
K. I'm worried.
Are you stupid? Serious question here. Obviously, this bill is for the NEXT tax year. The taxes for 2018 will be filed in 2019 if you don't know...
Neither of those was even close to first. Sharp Aquos Crystal was the first phone. And he was saying that S8 started the trend not that it was first.
It's $200 https://www.samsung.com/us/computing/monitors/curved/lc24fg70fqnxza-lc24fg70fqnxza
Still can get this for $200: https://www.samsung.com/us/computing/monitors/curved/lc24fg70fqnxza-lc24fg70fqnxza
You are actually retarded. Congrats, you have absolutely no idea of what you're talking about. 
> Math. Ie inflation adjusted and purchasing power.

Oh really? So I should be earning $30/h too according to your math. If the minimum wage goes up for everyone to $15/h then everyone who is making $15/h now should be making at least $5 more...
Wow, this really sucks actually. This was one of the main things I hated Hillary for. 
Both, your PC and I. 
Oh, I don't know. How about avoiding/leaving that fucking area? Or not going outside if you're in your home...
> Im playing on the Highest settings except Foliage

There's your problem. The game is extremely sluggish on the highest settings. Set everything to very low and you will see a crazy difference in how the game runs.
It is not noticeable. I've been using 1 of these for months and I can't tell there is a curve.
It's another 5v5 team game that people play with friends. Of course, I don't know any real numbers. 
What the fuck. You've got to be shitting me. These guys are only getting a price increase on COX NOW?! We've had higher for a year now. Why the fuck are we paying soooo much more? Argh.

Cox Internet Starter 10 $42.99/mo

Cox Internet Essential 30 $63.99/mo

Cox Internet Preferred 100 $84.99/mo

Cox Internet Ultimate $104.99/mo

Eh. I don't understand why bugs like this are not being fixed. Tekken 7 is fairly buggy, sadly.
Not really. If the game goes on that long that means it's winnable. Sounds like an attitude problem to me.

EDIT: I could make the same argument for PUBG. You run around loot for 30 minutes without ever seeing anyone and then insta die randomly.
> Lose in PUBG? requeue

This makes no sense.
Lose in DOTA? re-queue
I agree. The game is pretty awful in itself. It's broken and barely playable. But it's fun to play with friends.
PUBG and CS are probably the primary reasons for this drop. I think it'll go back up. But a ton of people that used to play dota play PUBG with friends.
This is a pretty slick design. Not perfect, but gotta give them props.
Fuuuuu. This is the 3rd time I missed out on this. I really want this monitor. 

EDIT: Holly shit the deal is back up! I got one. 
Yea for a $100 more. That's already $550. First, you need to define 'budget'. Is OnePlus 5T considered a budget phone? Because that's a $500 phone which many would consider a budget phone in an era for $1000 phones. Also, if one is willing to go refurbished you can buy GS7 edge for $350 or the regular GS7 for $300. That's right in line with the budget phones. If we compare this to the phones in this thread like Moto G5 Plus for example which costs $200 you get a far superior phone for only $100 more like you said. I'm not arguing that you can't get a good deal on the GS8, you can. But I think budget may mean different things to different people and I don't think a budget phone has to be under $300. If anything we should have categories instead. Like <$200 <$300 <$500 etc.
I think I have a budget phone, the GS7 Edge. Considering you can buy a brand new one for $450 I think it's a budget phone. I like almost everything about it. It's a solid phone does most things well. I don't like Samsung software so I use Nova Launcher and stock apps.
iJustine shouldn't even be included in this. She has never used any other phone but the iPhone in her life...
Now, this is a good meme.
Filled out. Have 0 hope. 
Many phones have this feature. Also, Opera browser has had this feature for a while now. 
They are pretty close but Spotify is slightly better. Even though I use Spotify, I personally don't like either of these anymore for various reasons. I can also say that Spotify covers all the things that you care about better than Google Music. 
It doesn't suck at all, what? It's amazing. The only annoyance is waiting for the card to get to you. After that it works amazingly well. 
I believe we have a sub for this. It's called /r/quityourbullshit or something like that. 
I think OP missed the mark with "rather cuddle, then fuck". 
Listened to it once. This must be his worst album, unfortunately. Usually, I like his music but this is just bad. 
It was outdated on release.
Wow. That's how you know that she must be a good person.
It's actually pretty bs that they will not apply this to PC to keep it on par with shitty consoles. Consoles holding back PC gaming as always.
So? This was an engine level update. They should apply it to PC too... 
So no input delay reduction for PC? Great. 
Heres the other one:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X6yhSH1_RCU
Not really. But it will run it on low for sure.
Can you please test the PC version? Although I'm not sure if there was a patch for PC at all. 
Are you seriously complaining about still being on 7.0? There are barely any phones that have 8.x or even 7.1. If this is the case then you should be calling out ALL manufacturers. 
Ha, I remember I was thinking exactly the same thing when driving to movies every other day. 
On behalf of PC folk, let me apologize for how shitty this game will run on consoles. It runs like crap on high-end PCs so I don't see how this game can be playable on a console. 
The mythical blue bars. They do exist.
Gotta love how the hivemind upvotes Daily Mail when it's convenient for them. 
Most Google apps are much better. The only Samsung apps that are better are SHealth and SPay. SFiles is also good enough at least for me. I used Files Go for a bit but it did not do anything that SFiles couldn't and it did not do what I wanted it to do. Not sure about "Other" section. 
I don't think a phone that comes out at the very end of the year can be the best phone of the year. Especially if it's not better than other phones. Overall, I think the GS8 is probably the best phone of 2017. It was ~$700 on release and it was the best phone on the market on release. Today it's a 7-8 month old phone and still has way more features than 5T does. In addition, one could buy the GS8 for <$600 in past few months.
And people on the news keep telling me that Putin and Trump are best friends. I'm so confused. 
Does this mean that ProjectFi will support GS8? 
I'm surprised. Thought Trump and Putin are BFFs. At least that's what I've been hearing for a while now. 
Not really 'pure'. Has capacitive keys and a big button in the center. It would be pure without those. 
Totally real story. I was there. 
It's mostly for practice. Both players get to practice against similarly skilled players who play an X character. 
This is the correct answer. It's basically one quick string that you have to do immediately after the hit.
Yea, so racist that no one here even knows what it means.
Oh really? Anything? What about Breitbart? 
Yes.
I praise him for killing 'House of Cards'. That last season was so bad that it ruined the whole show for me. I'm glad that show is no more.
These are always so dumb. Wtf do those numbers even mean? It's definitely not the force of the punch in kilos or pounds. 
Yea, kind of like those racist Germans don't let Ukrainian refugees in. If you're from Syria you are welcome. But if you are a lesser European from Ukraine it's a no-no. 
He says iPhone speakers sound better. Really?
Found it: https://youtu.be/YtYHzi1LUf4?t=2225
Judging by what we got, not really... It's only worth it if you want to support the developers or want the extra characters. It's actually cheaper than buying these DLCs separately. 
Looking at this stage makes me wish they improved all of them to be as amazing is this one. Some of them are just way to mediocre.
Hori RAP4, Razer Panthera, Etokki Omni. Can't go wrong with any of these 3.
> no more 2 bars that hide as 4.

You wish. The technology just isn't there yet.
He rolled out of the way. Seems fine to me.
Yep, happens all the time. I always quit after a yellow bar game and then get immediately paired with the same player.
Even though I don't necessarily 100% agree with you, you are one of the few people here that understands what is being talked about. So props to you.
> Making a character easier to use to do the same moves is a buff. One button EWGF would be a buff.

Never said to do anything like that. God, you're fucking dumb.

I wonder what the average age is here. I think this may be the biggest problem. Or we have a community full of illiterate idiots. How can you be this stupid? First off, where did I say buff Bryan? Second, no I don't play Bryan. Please stop replying to me and go learn English.
> Why buff Bryan? He's a top-tier tournament character, if anything he needs nerfs.

You're an actual retard. 
Aris sounds like a complete idiot in this video. First, he reiterates mainmans point about how some characters being super easy to learn and abuse but extremely difficult to play against without hundreds of hours put into researching and practicing beating them. Then proceeds to make up some dumb excuse for why everyone just needs to deal with it and how new players can't talk about balance. Obviously, new players shouldn't be concerned with balance. And of course, we have to just deal with it, that's how the game works. But the whole argument is that there are some things in the game that take a disproportionate amount of time to learn to do and to beat. Why does it take an incredible amount of time to learn to play Brian but is fairly easy to learn to play against him? On the other hand, why is it so simple to learn to play a gimmick character like kappo or chloe but takes so much effort to learn to counter their gimmicks? In addition, mainman isn't exactly a 'new' player either. So he is somewhat qualified to talk about these issues.

EDIT: AND, Aris didn't even watch his response video. Mainman didn't really take offense to being called a 'scrub'. He was upset specifically because in hist first video he said that the only argument that people have against what he is saying is 'git gud scrub'. Which is exactly what speedkicks did. This is what made him upset. Obviously, most of the people can't be arsed to watch and listen to a video.
> Not really, he doesn't pinpoint what moves he's talking about.

He does. Multiple, many times. You people are just too stupid to understand simple English, clearly. 

No that's bullshit. I'm not a fan of mainman. In fact, I don't even like the guy or watch any of his videos. But his point is very clear and precise. 
I hate USPS with passion. They fuck up everything 100% of the time. I'm willing to pay more just to avoid them and use UPS instead.
Compared to stock. 
That guy is one of the worst shills I have ever seen. 
I've had S7 since day 1 and the experience is nowhere near great. It's not bad at all, but not great.
This is a great example of why no one wants to play this game anymore. It took me almost 10 years 2003-2012 to get all 99s and 120 Dungeoneering. These days you can do it in less than a year... All sense of accomplishment is lost.
The only issue with this now is that the 'Like' button should give option add to the library or just like without adding. Just like the 'Don't like' button gives options.
> But the screen on the pixel 2 (non xl) is great.

LOL
Is it really though? The screen is by far the most important part of the phone... 
Dude... The PS4 offline play has 7 frame delay by default. ISP has shit all to do with the bars as well. 
Did you actually watch the video? Because you are either stupid or ignoring what he's arguing on purpose. 
This same argument 100% applies to offline play as well. It's just so much more obvious when you get the delay. Which by the way, if you play on PS4 (which all tournaments are) you are playing on yellow bars delay by default.
Are you sure it's running on Intel HD and not Quadro by default? I think it's possible that the game may run on HD 4600 on all minimum specs and low resolution but you need to make sure it's actually using the built-in Intel HD graphics and not the Quadro GPU. 
Neither Intel HD 4600 nor Quadro K1100M is good enough to run Tekken 7. Minimum required GPU is GTX 660 or equivalent. This is why you're getting the black screen. You won't be able to run Tekken 7 unless you get a better GPU. It looks like you are trying to run it on a laptop which makes it hard to upgrade the GPU but maybe you can look into getting an external eGPU. 
Okay, first of all, Tekken IS an online game. Tournaments are played offline and about 99% of all players (pros included) play online. Second, how bad mainman at the game is completely irrelevant to his argument. I personally think he is complete trash too because as you said all he does is pick Mishimas on p2 and spams electrics all day. But this has really nothing to do with the point he is bringing up which is completely valid. 
PC specs? Did you update all of the drivers? 
His argument is that there are some characters that are extremely easy to learn and abuse online. But at the same time, they are very difficult to counter and take a huge amount of effort to learn how to play against. Which is very disproportionate to the majority of the roster. 

One of his examples was Claudio's hop kick which he is correct about. That shit online is way too good. Almost impossible to do anything against it if you have a 3 bar connection.
https://i.imgur.com/2Nbp8pQ.gifv

I'm assuming this first combo is what you are having difficulty with. You need to do a 'ff' dash before the wavedash into heaven's door. It's a bit tricky but not that hard to do with practice. Also, I would recommend doing the other two combos instead of this one. The second one is a better wall carry the last one does more damage. 
> If the game is balanced at one skill level, it's balanced at all skill levels.

You have absolutely no idea of what you are talking about. Please stop. 
I made a gif for you. What the guy at the top is saying is pretty much correct. But here's the reference so you can see the timing: https://i.imgur.com/2pj6YL5.gifv

As for the heavens door, you just need to complete the dash fully and do the hit at the very end of it. I can make a gif for that too if that will help. 
No JDCR + SAINT + Jeondding team?
I mean, of course, the game is not balanced at low levels of play. It can't be. It's impossible to balance for noobs. In addition, some characters are just much much harder to play than others which makes it completely impossible to balance a game like this for the low level of play. 
I hope all OEMs support Treble soon.
Oh shit my bad I will delete this.
It didn't it should be still on your drive. It just disappeared from the library. Just try installing again and it will check all the files.
The second most retarded statement of the month right after the 'maybe 2' guy.
Do you know if it's possible to show life % with this mod? If not, is there a mod that can do this?
This was a cool project before Tekken 7 came out but now this is just a waste in every possible way. This is only going to steal away sales from Tekken 7. They should focus on modding Tekken 7. 
Googles answer to everything has been a failure on all accounts ever since the new CEO took over. 
> Reflex. Warsow. NS2.

You are delusional. 
I'm a pretty sure this game will be a lot more popular than Reflex.
Wants to play a short game picks medusa. Go figure. 

EDIT: I just realized that maybe his plan was to lose in 20 minutes. 
> Samsung Pay is pretty much no different than Android Pay and Apple Pay outside of the US.

Noone should take this comment seriously. 
Fluance Signature Series are at $100 right now. Is this a must buy? Was looking into buying https://www.bestbuy.com/site/klipsch-promedia-2-1-bluetooth-speaker-system-3-piece-black/4924200.p?skuId=4924200 for $100 but at this price, Fluances seem like a much better deal.
Almost every character has a 90-100% combo. Akuma is nothing like he used to be before the nerf. 
This was before the nerf. He can't do that without rage an full meter anymore and even then I don't think he can do this much damage. 
> The Nation Brands Index (NBI) survey, carried out by German-based market research firm

Lol, okay. 
Ok, so it goes fast from 0-60. How fast does it stop though? That's something I'd be way more concerned with...
> Lawbreakers didn't fail because it was paid, it failed because it was a bad game. PUBG is $30 and it's the biggest game on steam, above the biggest f2p game which is Dota 2.

Wait a minute... Are you implying that PUBG is a good game!?
Yea, was wondering about this myself. It's been 8 days so I came here to see some info about it. Hopefully soon...
My fav tourney. Can't wait to watch this. 
> Sure, anyone (well, hopefully most of us) can go into training mode and do 10 PEWGF's in a row

Lul I bet almost no one can do that. Including OP. 
Practice it by using Hwoarang just frame sky rocket or Heihachi OTGF. When you get the blue Sparks that's when you're getting the correct input. Good luck. 
I actually don't think we need any balance changes at the moment. Qudans is starting to win tournaments using Devil Jin and the reduction to input delay is going to push more mishimas. JDCR is going to start playing more Heihahci and Knee will start playing Devil Jin and Kazuya more. I think we just need to wait and see for now the balance will change naturally soon. Another huge factor that would influence this is more Korean and Japanese players in tournament. Of course, we have jack dratini finals every tournament because Saint and JDCR are the ones who participated in every single tournament. If more good players compete they wouldn't win everything. 
Silly article. Google assistant and HDR+ are fairly new products. Other companies will likely catch up with time. Including faceID was completely stupid since this one literally has just launched. Can't reverse engineer something that's still not out... I think only time will tell if this article has any value or not. 
I don't think he was prepared to do that at all. You can see from his reaction when he locks. His hands were shaking. 
Knee really disappointed. I was secretly hoping he would take the whole thing or at least a top 3. Really sad. 
Lol group 4 is GG.
You mean 9 hours till the games start?
> but I keep getting rolled by people that don't even know how to juggle.

You need to learn to move better. Backdashing, sidestepping etc. to whiff punish. Also, learn strings/common moves for most characters to block and punish effectively. These things that I just listed will take you very far in ranked. It takes a long time to learn this though. Good luck.
Etokki Omni is a very good stick and is worth the price if you are going to use it... If not I would recommend buying Razer Panthera. It's a really good stick all around and comes with both, ball top and a bat top.
Pretty ugly for 2017 tbh. Maybe 5 years ago it would look great but not today. GS8 is the best looking phone currently out there. 
As the guy at the top said, way too slow. Basically just practice doing second ewgf much faster.

EDIT: If you're looking for a high damage combo try this instead. It's 71 damage which is still pretty high but a bit easier to do.

EWGF, EWGF, f, F+3, 1, f, f, 2, b+2, 3, ff, f+3+4
I can bet that most people know Tekken starting from Tekken 3. That game was straight up legendary, PS1 was an awesome console and kids of those days are now adults and still remember that game.
Thank God Valve finally removed this stupidy and MMR will actually mean something now. 
Obviously, this is just a dumb excuse. He did it because of his own reasoning and has nothing to do with Trump.
I also got one of these from woot and it's a great monitor. The only complaint I have is that reflective coating is not good enough. If you have nightstand light you will see yourself in the monitor when watching movies etc.
Definitely enjoying a 2-year-old phone which is still better than a flagship released a month ago. LOL
> are superior to the completion

Yea, maybe to completion. Not to the competition though. 
Never heard the word 'weird' used this many times in a single review. Awful price for a product that is inferior to the competition. But we have the same trend with the Pixel phone. 
It's better for everything. 
VA is better.
What is EWGF+2? And I thought we already had all of this here: https://www.reddit.com/r/Tekken/wiki/punishment 
'maxwellhill' this account only posts propaganda. I don't understand how they are allowed to be an 'admin'.
Yes, great match. Amazing Kazuya player as well. 
> I meant to say is the dongle device specific?

I didn't think so but I don't know. If that's the case that really sucks. 
I mean I guess? But that's like saying if you lose your earbuds you're screwed. You can always buy a new one.
> The only negative is no headphone jack, which sucks since if it had one I definitely would save up for this phone.

Definitely a negative but I think they made the best of it by including an awesome DAC in the dongle converter. So far, this is by far the best alternative anyone has presented. 
It is stock with Nova Launcher used by default. 
Love this guy's reviews. He does a legitimately great job and sometimes I even learn new things from him. 
> Online for bowling

I paid for the Deluxe version before the release and played a total of 10 seconds of Tekken Bowl but I am mind blown to find out that there is no online version for this. Unbelievable. 
Pretty sure he has just spent the most time on the pad and is really used to it. Pad is not the easiest to do EWGF. And hitbox is objectively superior to the other input methods. 
Thank God. Took them long enough. 
I wouldn't oversell it, but in general, the GS7 is a very solid all around phone. 
It's funny because Democrats are not being prosecuted for their crimes.
I wish this was 27" 144hz instead :(
Because this is /r/android not /r/smartphones. People on here like Google products and pure Android. Not LG, Samsung, Xiaomi or 'insert name here' skins/software...
I'd say 

original iPhone

iPhone 4

HTC EVO

Galaxy S7 and S8 I actually think S7 is more important phone but so is more iconic just because of the screen.

Honorable mention is Sharp Aquos Crystal.
> There was a study which found out 

A poll of 600 New Jersey residents. A "study" huh? A great example of how uninformed redditards are. 
Lol, clearly doesn't know wtf he's talking about. 
Yea, that's in game. Not on the load screen. 
Honestly, character art is getting a little ridiculous. I can't imagine new players being able to easily tell who is who. They really should be showing character names somewhere on this screen. 
Where can I watch all of the lower bracket top 8 games???
98? wow.
I was there.
More like they threw you under the bus. Intentionally. 
WTF? Of course, it would be. What a dumb ignorant comment. 
"but the overall quality of a camera is utterly subjective"

Yea, that's not true.
Is this a scene from a movie?
Found the guy that has never played PUBG.
Will likely buy the GS9. 
Justice system in this country is fucked. 
Lol. I'm from Florida and I will certainly recommend staying away. There's too much uncertainty. Don't risk it. 
Yea, have the same problem. Happened after Spotify updated. Been trying to figure out the fix with no success so far. I think Spotify rollback is the only solution.

EDIT: Fixed by downgrading Spotify. Downloaded here: http://www.filecroco.com/download-spotify
Kinda like Merlini was a downgrade even for Tier 2 teams. 
That was beautiful anon. Don't let anyone ever tell you otherwise. 
I guess I am the only one that's disappointed by the fact that the game is so buggy... 
I have the same experience on the PC. And it was the case since the day of release... 
Hey, I was just playing around with some new combos and found a much easier way to perform this combo:

EWGF, ff, EWGF, b+2 4, d/f+1 4, ff, f n d d/f+4 1
http://i.imgur.com/qOQOPd6.gifv

Hope this helps!
That was fucking amazing. That whole exchange. 
This has been a thing basically since day 1 dota 2 was released...
He's a good player but they should have sponsored LowHigh instead. LowHigh will be the next big thing soon. 
No 45+3 and 90+3. Does that still count? 
The only comment in this thread that makes sense. 
Huge mistake. 
This is sexy. Fantastic job! Need to make the background animated though. Like the main menu. Would look sick. Maybe even add on/off for menu music. I love that sound track.

EDIT: I would also add the notation like you have for damage so anyone can easily cope/paste it. 
ff+4 is the correct answer here. 

EDIT: Also try f+4 also really good.
This is actually bad. 100% combo without walls shouldn't be a thing. 
This would actually be amazing. One of the main reasons why I am forced to buy a Samsung phone is because of Samsung Pay. If Pixel had Samsung Pay I would definitely consider it over a Samsung phone.
He is 100% correct. I usually never flame. But if someone says someone to me or starts something I will go fucking ham on them. I really get pissed when people start talking shit. And I don't feel "justified" but fuck that guy that's playing like shit and then flames others. 
I don't know to what extent it was or was not true. But watching the video most of them didn't care at all. Knee and some others didn't even watch the video after a little they just had their heads lowered into their phones.
Alright, thanks. 
Well, have you actually checked? 
> the final hit is guaranteed.

Does it hit if they roll to the right or left?
If you can get it cheap then I don't see a problem. Otherwise, you can buy a cheaper and probably a better stick. 
Did he also say, "we are responsible for the other 6%?"
> hardware is mostly shit, keyboards, mice, their laptops seems to be quite decent; good specs, thins, etc.

This is absolutely false. They make decent products quality wise. Are they the best out there? Probably not. Are they overpriced? Probably. But they are not shit. 
This is probably a GPU or a GPU driver issue. The card barely meets minimum spec requirements. It's also old and maybe going through its last breath. Does he have any issues with any other games?  
Nice. Hopefully, he'll get sued for assault now. 
The whole video was pretty much a TL;DR. Nothing new... 
You can't cancel something that's not working in the first place. 
How do you want to address it? It's items that were introduced to the game 10 years ago and are impossible to obtain and the number of which keeps going down with time. There's nothing you can do about this. 
/r/cringe
I think I should be able to see your face slightly better from that perspective. 
Late this month. 
I don't know if this is "lesser know" or not but one of my favorite commands is ct-x which is change to the character. 
Umm, I don't think he's pretending tbh. A lot of Tekken players don't play other fighting games. I've been playing Tekken since PS1 days and had no idea who Geese was. And I even watched KOF EVO finals 2 years ago. 
http://i.imgur.com/37xgIXT.gifv

This is as much help as I can give you I think. I don't think you can buffer the dashes really. I do ff right after the EWGF, EWGF, basically immediately. Instead of trying to do this combo, first practice some combos that have ff in them. That will probably help you. 
Isn't qfc equal to f, n, d, d/f or wave dash? Anyway, I'm horrible with notation and always mess something up when I write it down. As for the tips are you using a stick? There's really no tips. It's a hard combo. I can make a vid if that will help you. Otherwise just get those dashes in quickly not much else to it.
Heres another one that I like:

SS 4, ff, d/f+1 4, ff, 1, ff, d/b+2, ff+4 59 dmg. 
Unfortunately, it doesn't look like we will. It's been almost 2 months and I'm starting to lose hope. Very disappointed because I love this game.
Unless I'm missing something, this is only 67 dmg. There are much better combos than this.

EDIT: Nevermind, you said "my most damaging combo". I thought you meant the most damaging combo. My bad. 
EWGF, EWGF, ff, b+2 4, ff, d/f+1 4, ff, f n d d/f+4 1. 70 dmg. 
http://i.imgur.com/37xgIXT.gifv

EWGF, EWGF, d/f+1 4, ff, b+3 1, ff, d/f+1 4. 68 dmg + wall carry http://i.imgur.com/rSmVAQU.gifv


SS 4, ff, d/f+1 4, ff, 1, ff, d/b+2, ff+4 59 dmg. http://i.imgur.com/pD4fZFi.gifv
I have an old set of Logitech Z4 2.1 speakers. I really like Kanto YUMI matte black passive set at $150. Would it be possible to get YUMIs and use them with the Z4 sub? 
Wow, what a dumbass. She shouldn't be surprised when they put her in jail or worse... 
> RS has been around for over 15 years so was bound to happen

While true to a certain extent the real issue is how much easier the game has become now. All of the value of hundreds of hours that people put into the game has been lost to a large extent. Seeing skill capes used to inspire people. Now it's just a joke more or less. I'm not even talking about RS Classic. RS2, when it came out, was infinitely more difficult to max out in than RS that we have now. 
The game has lost most of its meaningfulness. I remember way back when seeing any kind of skill cape was cool af. Now skill capes are worthless. Even a max cape is barely cool.
His eyes are closed. 
Here are a few more:
/r/EnoughTrumpSpam/
/r/McMullin
/r/RussiaLago
/r/BlueMidterm2018
/r/The_Schulz
/r/esist
/r/NeverTrump
/r/Impeach_Trump
/r/AntiTrumpAlliance
/r/DonaldTrumpSucks
/r/TrumpCriticizesTrump
/r/TaxMarch
/r/MarchForScience
/r/ShitThe_DonaldSays
/r/BannedFromThe_Donald
/r/Delete_The_Donald
/r/Trumpgret
/r/PoliticalDiscussion
/r/FuckTheAltRight
/r/Enough_Sanders_Spam
/r/EnoughLibertarianSpam
/r/AgainstHateSubreddits
/r/WeWuzSuperior
Oh, I will be posting that in every thread like this now. Clearly, the game has no issues at all whatsoever. 
Runs like a dream: https://www.reddit.com/r/Tekken/comments/6nfmkn/tekken_7_is_15_off_on_steam_store/dk9q44c/
F
Sooooooo angry. 
Have you considered for a second that maybe you are mentally retarded and you need to seek help? Even if yellow bar games specifically is the problem on my end because I live in a more remote part of the US than everyone else that doesn't change all the other broken things with the game that everyone else has. But nice try. 
Yea, sorry but you're a fucking liar. I have been playing the game and watching so many streams since day 1 of the release and literally everyone has these issues. I guess you are the only person that has a perfectly working copy of the game. And also, you're clearly retarded.
Really? Like a dream huh. So you never get connection to the opponent lost, random wall bugs, random laggy ass games on green bars, random camera switches? The tournaments work perfectly for you right? Not to mention how fucking bare bones this game is. Lacks essential features any competitive game must have like a replay system. Such a fucking dream. 
Are you retarded? Nevermind, that was a rhetorical question. I know you console idiots live in an alternative world but the way that Tekken is on PC is not acceptable by any measure. This game will die a slow and painful death because the issues are not being fixed. I know you retards are used to low tier games on consoles but it doesn't work like that on PC. 

Here is how a stable competitive game on PC looks: http://steamcharts.com/app/570
You mean by far the lowest numbers of any competitive game on PC? 
That's what happens to PC games that the devs refuse to fix. This is nothing new and has always been the case. 
I tried this a while back it has 0 effect. 
It really sucks that Qudans and LowHigh are not going to EVO. 
Wow, the first person that actually gets it. Good for you. 
I've stopped playing a while back and it's quite unfortunate because I want to play. But it's super frustrating. Between "Connect to the opponent lost" and almost all games having yellow bars it's hard to stay motivated. 
I guess it's not the "lag" per say. It's just the delay on inputs on yellow bars is basically unplayable. 
LOL. 4 bars? I never get 4 bar games. Second, you're actually retarded if you think that. I perform those combos in green bar matches 90% of the time like I said.
> when Knee had a long stream discussing all the feuds and politics in the KTekken scene

Is there a VOD of this?
It's the lag. I play mishimas and 90% of my games end up being yellow bars. I end up dropping combos that I can hit 90% of the time all the time. Performing and hitting EWGFs isn't even the hardest part of this. It's just basic attacks or extensions being delayed which messes everything up makes it extremely frustrating to deal with. 
Just? That's a shit load of companies whose products are probably used by almost everyone around the world.
Lol. It has been like that since day 1. 
This is going to be the highest level tournament since Evo Sai event in Japan.
I love these headlines. They show how ignorant these people are. Almost no one denies climate change except for a very small number of fundamentalists.
Is this photoshopped? Somethings not right about her eyes...
This team was as big of a joke as whole Korea in Dota itself. 
Absolutely deserved. I predicted an 88+ but after thinking a bit about it I actually realized it will probably be 85-88 because of poor low light performance. It's a very good camera otherwise. 
It's impossible to tell. At least not yet. All of the new characters are good. Shaheen has been doing good. Shaheen got 2nd in Afreeca League and top 5 in EVO Japan Sai. Josie got 2nd in EVO Japan Sai. Kazumi took top 5 in EVO Japan Sai too. While in some other tournaments there have been no new characters in the top 8. All this shows is that the game is very well balanced and basically any character in this game can do well competitively. 
Calling it now it'll be 88+. The phone has a good camera. 
The sad part to me is that this is being tested on 5 bar connection. I have had a sum total of 0 5 bar games. Most of them are yellow some are green.
It's not much different on PC...
> If truly after the fastest pixel response times buy a 240hz TN panels and turn down settings to ensure that games run @ >200fps consistently.

I am not. I am actually after the best color reproduction. But since I also play games I want to find a good middle ground. Now that I know a bit more about how gtg response times work I think I will look into IPS vs VA and will likely just get the IPS monitor. 
> G2g response time is worthless anyway. It only tells you the theoretical fastests speed a panel will do, and absolutely nothing about average transition times or problematic ones, and also nothing about the quality of the overdrive. Only useful for determining if a TN panel is used or not.

Oh, this is interesting. So there are people here that know something. I did not realize that the response time is not consistent. Can you please explain more about TN 1ms consistency? e.g. If an IPS 4ms is always below 8ms does that mean that TN 1ms is consistently below 5ms? Or is it also sub 8ms? 
It was useful in a sense that it answered my question yes. But it did not explain anything. This post was actually useful by providing a good alternative. Your posts are complete trash on the other hand. 
The first post in this whole thread that is actually useful. I will look into quantum dot options. Thanks! 
Ok, so what you're really saying is that there isn't an IPS screen out there with 1ms response time. Thanks. I guess I will just have to wait. 
What are you even saying? Are you saying that it's impossible for an IPS screen to have a response time bellow 4ms? Or are you saying that the lowest response time on and IPS screen today is 4ms? 
PC has a much higher skill level players. It may depend on the region but all Korean pros play on PC. 
For anyone who wants to learn to EWGF I would recommend reading the last post in this thread by vittujee: http://www.tekkenzaibatsu.com/forums/showthread.php?threadid=130177
Yea I have the exact same problem. Apart from all the annoying connection lost messages, this makes it even more frustrating. All of my games have 1 bar less than it shows so about 70% of my games are yellow bars which makes the game almost unplayable. 
So this has turned into a hate sub. I see. 
In the case of the first combo, I'm fairly certain he did it simply because it's a standard wall carry combo and since he doesn't play Kazuya much he's just used to doing it. Since there are no walls he could have done ewgf, ewgf, d/f+1 4, !S, dash b+3 1, dash d/f+1 4 for 68 damage which is 9 more than the combo he did. 

Both of the combos he did do only 2 less damage than the ones that I wrote. The ones that I wrote down are also slightly more complicated because you need to do dashes inbetween some hits. Not saying that JDCR can't do them, anyone can with practice but in a tournament setting it's better to do a combo that will 100% hit rather than not. Two damage may not be worth a dropped combo in this case.
I'm guessing because it's the default simple wall carry combo and hes just used to doing it. 
These are correct.

@OP: These can also be improved damage/wall carry wise. e.g.

ewgf, 3 1 4, 1, dash d/f+1 4 !S, d/f+1 4

ewgf, rage drive, 1, d/f+1 4 !S, b+3 1, dash d/f+1 4
Is Breitbart an approved source to post on worldnews? If it isn't then why is MotherJones? 
Lmao. I basically spit all over my screen laughing at all the comments trying to come up with excuses on why this has nothing to do with sexual assaults. 
They win because they participate. Not because there is no competition. If there were more Japanese and Korean players in all of these tournaments their chances would go down. However, they are the only ones that can afford to attend all of these tournaments. 
Is there a VOD of the top 8? 
You are right to ask these questions and don't be surprised you're being downvoted. Most people on here don't know anything in the first place and they get super butt hurt if you point out something obvious. 
Actually, it can be helpful for both parties. I try to practice some specific things in a match and winning or losing doesn't matter to me. So both parties can benefit from it quiet a bit.
I never understood why they have not released Dissidia outside of PSP. It was honestly one of the most fun and coolest fighting games I have ever played. 
While he has been losing he is still consistently placing in top 3 of most of them. 
This phone makes no sense to me. With that huge bottom bezel why not to put the camera on the bottom? Also, at $700 this phone is not a justifiable purchase at all. You can buy an unlocked GS8 on Amazon for $680 right now. 
Bixby's voice is just so ugly ugh. 
It scratches very easily compared to Gorilla Glass.
Knowing Sharp, the screen will not be made of glass. It will probably be acrylic. And dropping it will not break the screen.

EDIT: Also, people are saying that palm detection is bad. It was extremely good on Sharp Aquos Crystal. Much better than it is on my GS7E.
Yea that's rough. Imagine how Akuma would have been if he did 20% more damage like he did few patches ago. 
Anyone here who claims that "Brexit" is the cause is retarded and has no idea of what they are talking about. 
Awesome job works great! Now you should add voice to say + or - frames so that one can hear the frames instead of always checking. 
Exactly, you don't know. But after you got hit by it you go and check. Now you know and next time punish. This just lets you learn faster and easier. 
Finishing the Kazuya combo with the b+3 1 dash EWGF instead of the WD 3 4 will do more dmg. 
This happens on Android phones sometimes. I've had this issue with another phone. Factory reset fixed it. 
Thank you for this post. I was super triggered by the comment you are replying to. 
When you play online it basically becomes 80-90% guessing game. 
Honestly, as a PC gamer, I can't even imagine how bad it must be on PS. I'm not going to lie, it's not very good on PC... 
> Should be 7 when the new pixels are out.

Wow, well that changes everything. 
Wake me up once it's available for more than 2 and a half phones. 
'suicide' https://www.google.com/finance/chart?num=100&safe=off&client=opera&hs=Wkg&q=CURRENCY:USDCAD&tkr=1&p=5Y&chst=vkc&chs=267x94&chsc=1&ei=_NlSWbTdHcndjwTl_aLYDg
Yea, right. All Canadians are wannabe Americans.
Arcade was online only. I watched a lot of streams and videos and never saw issues like this. It really is unacceptable especially considering the fact that this is Tekken 7.
> They are working on it... rush or you'll end up with more disaster... but of course not too late or the game dies with it

Oh, you know what? Fuck off with this bullshit excuse. They took 3 years to release the game. It was delayed to early 2017. It's been almost a month since release and they still can't fix something as simple as this. 
> How they have still not fixed the consoles online?

I play on PC. This has been a problem on PC from day 1. 
Nah he just gets a bunch of gullible redditors to think that he's being great for altruistic reasons, or because others do it so what if he does it.
> than the absurd pricing of healthcare.

My thoughts exactly. 
> Because it's a Muslim ban.

The Supreme Court just ruled that this is NOT the case. So stop spreading this lie. 
Mines more like this: http://i.imgur.com/kGai51l.png
Where do I get it?!
I don't understand why he's playing on PS4 in the first place. Most Koreans are playing on PC. 
Damn, I wish they released the frame data tool. 
LOL
It's an injector. It only works in practice mode. Start the game, go to practice mode alt-tab, launch the injector and it will work. 
> for a fighting game

For any game. 
Alright, this settles it. When can I receive my universal basic income? 
Yes, happened to me a few times as well.
I would be. If they don't fix the match making this game will not last. Not to mention the lack of some essential features. 
You mean they tried to play dota got destroyed and all quit? LOL
Opera has been doing this forever now.
Usually, converters add more lag. 
> They are, literally, only cheating themselves.

Not even. Once they start playing real matches they will get smashed hardcore. So it's completely irrelevant.
> Sounds like a job for player match.

Sounds like a personal opinion. 
> boosting might become an issue.

Who cares about this? Why does it even matter? Can't you do this now that you can see/pick who you fight on PC at least? I would argue that for new players it's much more valuable to play many games against the same character and learn that character rather fighting against a new one every 2 fights and not really learning anything.
They did not have that already setup? That's embarrassing. 
All I saw was Dota 2. 
I think that's pretty high for her show. 
It's a mid! 
If you can get more than $350 for it then, of course, it is better to sell it on swappa. 
Wow, can get the S8+ for $375 with my S7 Edge trade-in. This is definitely a great deal. Wish I could see Note 8 before considering this.
What we need to do now is stop caring about all phones so they drop in price like this one. 
EWGF in itself is not hard to perform. Or even multiple ones in a row. The real challenge is doing it online. 
Oh damn. Posted the same thing. Didn't even realize someone already did. 
More like https://thumbs.mic.com/YTk3ZGFmNDI3YiMvc1UyNzNjZHhpUDY0OGc0NjBuYWVUMl9hSDVnPS8weDkwOjI4ODB4MTcxMC8xNjAweDkwMC9maWx0ZXJzOmZvcm1hdChqcGVnKTpxdWFsaXR5KDgwKS9odHRwczovL3MzLmFtYXpvbmF3cy5jb20vcG9saWN5bWljLWltYWdlcy9jY2xmaGJlcGc0eGV0OXN4dzJhYzFvcGUybjIzbm1zNG8xMjJmb2lteGF6enhuc2l0aWd2bmFwN2Frd2hzcmIwLmpwZw.jpg
I play Kazuya and I decline if I have played the person and we had yellow bars. I usually try to avoid all yellow bars games. Although it seems impossible to do so. Playing Kazuya on yellow bars is basically impossible. 
This bug is actually fairly common.
Yep, it's been pretty horrible. While I still get a lot of matches, I also get constant connection lost or fight data could not be sent. And same people try to connect with me with the same message over and over. Also, all of the 4 bar only matches are almost always 3 bars. Which makes it increadibly annoying to play. 
That's not what Trump said. LOL
No. lol
Yes. Been having this issue on launch, after the patch and after the roll back. This is a common issue. All streams I've seen have this issue. 
It depends on the character but generally, I would say it's not playable at all. It becomes a completely different game with such huge delay. 
> Technically, their actions caused his death, yes?

No. His actions have caused his death. No one was forcing him to do anything. He should have said no if he didn't want to do it. 
That's because you can challenge players and people who watch his stream or know him challenge him all the time. 
You're right on this. I was just saying that some people may be having port forwarding issues. From what I understand some people connect to 0 games. 
I'm not sure if you can dismiss port forwarding for a P2P. The Crew had a similar issue and port forwarding was the official solution which definitely worked. They even implemented a check inside the client which showed if ports are opened or not. 

OP, you do it in your router settings. 
This is a problem with the game. Same thing happens on PC and I have cox. 
Same story. Super annoying. And if I set to 5 only it turns into 4 always and basically have to wait forever to find a game.
Can't wait for this. Doing Gods work. 
It still works. 50% of the time. 
I don't know who these "lots" are. But watching streams on Twitch everyone on PC has these issues. 
Are you retarded? I am posting a comment on a "PC Patch rollback update is out after people experiencing issues with matchmaking" post. It was shit before. It's still shit. Before the patch, after the patch and after the roll back. Anyone who says otherwise is a fucking dolt like you. 
Only $50 brah.
> PS4 version still suck ass.

So does the PC versions l0l. 
If this phone has 4k for VR I will buy it. 
> Before 1.02 (PS4), I couldn't connect to a single ranked match, out of many many tries.

That means it's the same as on PC. Both before and after the patch I connect to about 30-40% of matches. 
They really didn't change anything apart from removing match list, did they? I was still getting connection to opponent lost constantly yesterday after the patch. I can't believe they are fucking up this hard... 
I never really watched Alex Jones before. But I stumbled upon this just now while trying to find the full interview, https://youtu.be/EEizpwC5Vfw?t=6
People should probably watch this. There is way too much idiocy going on in the comments here. 
Why does a top comment have to bring up state when it doesn't matter? And yet this one is at -18 and the other one is at +27. 
That's what I thought too. And honestly, it makes the most sense anyway. 
The one that comes to mind is u/f+4 on Devil Jin. But it's not quite as strong. Still a good one though. 
That move is legit too good. Dodges, combos, easy to perform and safe. 
It is. And that is likely the reason why it was not included into T7. However, we need to let them know that this feature is absolutely necessary for the competitive community. 
Any stick starting at $150+ is pretty much good. Personally, I would recommend Hori Rap 4. However, all of these are good:

https://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss_1?url=search-alias%3Daps&field-keywords=hori+rap+4

https://www.amazon.com/Real-Arcade-Pro-V-Hayabusa-2017-brand/dp/B01N06CYSM/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1497098872&sr=8-1&keywords=hori+real+arcade+pro+hayabusa+2017

https://www.focusattack.com/qanba-obsidian-ps3-ps4-pc-fightstick/

https://www.amazon.com/Arcade-Tekken-Fight-PlayStation-Officially-Licensed/dp/B019ZD1I6C/ref=sr_1_5?ie=UTF8&qid=1497110479&sr=8-5&keywords=qanba+obsidian

http://www.etokki.com/Omni-Sanwa-Edition

http://www.etokki.com/Omni-Korean-Edition


There isn't a good stick for under $100. 
> When I was on OKCupid a couple years ago back when I was single, I got a message from a guy telling me that "he knows my type and that I'll never even reply to him and that I'm such a stuck up bitch"

> The funny thing is when I saw my (now) fiancé on Tinder, one of the first things I said to him was that he looked like a douche. We'd already known each other for a couple years, though, and to be fair he looked like a giant douche in his profile pic.

I guess he was right. 
The fact that all campaigns should be investigated on collusion with Russia. 
He specifically said he did not do that when asked about it. But nice try.
Yes, you fucking dipshit. I've checked them all and have been checking them all every day since last Thursday.
No, you retard they don't. There are a ton of streams right now on Twitch and most people streaming are playing on PS4. 
He doesn't know shit. 50%+ of matches on PC do not start with connection lost message for me at leats. Also, watching some streams people have same issues on PC. And Aris had no problems whatsoever on the PS4. So this is a widespread issue among all of the platforms. I think there are just more overall PS4 players so they are more vocal.
Why the heck does PS4 get the matchmaking bug fixes first and xbox and PC have to wait? PS4 is going to be a beta tester I guess...
If you do lasers as fast as possible you can hit about 4-5 after the launcher in a regular fight. 
I have no idea what he is saying but the input lag is definitely dynamically adjusted and is based on the bars. You manually change from 5-1 bars in practice mode and test it out. 
Good job, but I'm pretty sure Devil Kazuya has faster recovery on EWGF. So you should try doing it without the Devil. Also, 5 isn't that difficult if you know how to do it properly. 6 ewgf is where the real challenge is. 
Easily.
Popular compared to Destiny. 
Kazumi.
No. I wouldn't buy an S7 for $700. Especially no if it's not an Edge. You can buy an S8 Plus for $720 on Amazon. The wireless charger and the headphones are not worth anything IMO. Unless of course, you need those. 
I think so. In my, experience Tekken has been very easy on all resources. You should be able to play the game on all low settings. 
Does that happen when you hit 1+2 together or with 1+2 buffering? Or in both cases?

Sharp Aquos Crystal. Sadly it got too old but I would still use it if I could. It had incredible standby and SOT times. Had a fantastic screen and screen-to-body ratio. Had an SD slot and a headphone jack.
Definitely get the PC version. It's worth it just for the story. If you like the game multiplayer is obviously great. It's fairly cheap too, only $49.
It's cucked on PC too. Just not as bad. 
> Do we need to open ports for this game, or something?

Probably. There are no servers in for this game. It's all P2P. 
No. This is when you hit accept match in the warm-up mode. This is on Steam. Happens about 90% of the time. 
This is what's killing the game: http://i.imgur.com/kGai51l.png

The voice acting was fine. 
I would say, King or Paul.
> denuvo will most likely be removed as soon as cracked

Where are you getting this info from? Has Namco ever done this in the past?
There is literally a countdown timer on the store page: http://store.steampowered.com/app/389730/

Says 17 hours... 
This was the funniest shit I've seen all day!
Actually, I don't think it shows the W/L to people. Purposefully so people don't have to worry about that. But the idea is still there. 
Yea, well that's what happens when you have an 80+ % W/L. I think it will get better over time though. People will want to play better players to improve. 
Can you please post the link? I was watching this stream today and there were a few things they found https://www.twitch.tv/videos/148482645
> an event called sài

My bad. Thought it was actually EVO 2017 Japan. It seemed like that's what it advertised as on all of the western streams and I do not know Japanese. Thanks for letting me know. 
Top 8 from pre EVO 2017 Japan Sai event a few weeks back:

1st Place: Amigo (Jin)

2nd Place: kagemaru (Josie)

3rd Place: Shiro (Steve)

4th Place: Nobi (Dragunov)

5th Place: Tarisu Cutter (Kazumi)

5th Place: HelpMe (Shaheen)

7th Place: Ao (Alisa)

7th Place: Furumizu (Paul)

EDIT: Saint, Jack player that tyler2k mentioned lost in the top 16. He won quite a few tournaments in the past. However, every time he played vs different characters in the finals. EVO 2016 was vs Bryan. KOIFT was vs Alisa. In some others, he played vs JDCRs Dragunov.
Did you even read the post? I'm asking about character balance changes. 
Considering everyone and their mother has the game already (except for Steam I guess). This makes sense. 
> I still find it surprising they didn't add some sort of tutorial for new players.

I'm pretty sure the whole story mode acts as somewhat of a tutorial. At least from watching the first 15 minutes, it looks like it is. 
Wow, worse average than Injustice 2. That's just sad. 
Looks fucking awesome! Great job!
> Are you actually stupid?

So the answer is yes. 
Are you actually stupid? It costs nothing to have codes for early review copies. It's working just fine on Steam.
Yea my bad. You have to have at least a shred of intelligence for a solution for something simple as this. Clearly, you wouldn't understand. 
If that's the case then why are these people allowed to play? If they have an early review copy that's fine. But why are regular copies of the game are allowed to go online before the release date?
I care. I just made a comment about it and explained why this is not a good thing. 
This is some stupidity. They shouldn't allow people that buy the copy early like this to play the game. I have paid $75 on Steam for the game a long long time ago and I have to wait until the release date. Why is it fair that others can just buy a copy and be able to play? 
Oh, it's going to be great winning CL vs RM and then Supercup. 
Interesting. I'm not sure if I like this or not. Seems people will be able to dodge better players. But on the other hand, this may prevent spoofers from easy wins.
The game is not even out and it already has more people than that https://steamdb.info/app/389730/graphs/
Dude, wtf? Are you reading? I just told you want I want. That will not solve my problem rofl. 
Because I want specific music on specific stages or menus? Are you serious? So you're telling me when I'm in the menu I select a track. Then the game starts I select a new one and do this all the time? Are you even trying? 
Can't tell if trolling or actually retarded. 
I don't want to mute the music wtf. I like the original T7 fight night soundtrack. And I won't be able to use it... 
Sorry but you are wrong. Any mod that modifies any file in the game would be impossible. 
I care. I want to have free mods for PC like being able to change songs to whatever I like. 
10/10 would read again.
If you're talking about arcades. That is not the final version of the boss...
How do you know this? 
IMO Azazel was really easy. I hope they have a more difficult boss in T7. Nancy, on the other hand, was incredibly difficult. 
Is it just me or are video and sound out of sync? 
This looks too crazy. Have there been any accidents there? 
First off, I'm not "reddit". Second, NSA is already mass surveilling US population. I don't see why not utilize this as it's appropriate. 
Great news for Tekken. 
Found the European guy that has never watched Fox news. 
How about constantly surveilling them? If someone presents a real risk they need to be doing something. Alternatively, I guess they can just keep doing what they are doing now. It's been working out great. 
Wow, the idiocy and delusion of that quote is astounding. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agNrr4n0YNM
Well, let's hope that the last game Ke Jie will have 3 extra stones. 
"he wrote" 
Dafq. Literally just received mine from the prev $146 sale today. Eh, oh well. Still a good price. 
> We don't if the PC version will swap the buttons on the fly yet tbh.

Yes, we do. This is 100% confirmed. http://store.steampowered.com/app/389730/TEKKEN_7/ 

Full controller support. 

EDIT: Also, that's true I don't know if that is a PC version or not. I was just trying to say that PC games now do this. 
Actually, you're wrong. It is probably the PC version. When on PC games automatically detect xbox or PS controllers since they usually have the support by default and use icons from the controllers. 
No. It will be released at exactly the same time around the world. That's precisely why it's released on the 2nd in most countries and on the 1st in some others. 
I think steam will show how many hours exactly left until the release once it's down to 48 hours. 
You're right, it's not that pros. It's just you. 
The consensus among pros was that Lee Sedol is going to destroy AlphaGo... 
Probably ~8. It's definitely the most complex fighting game out there.
It's unlikely that your PC will be able to run the game at all with those specs. Sorry. 
You thought right. But I think I read somewhere that this is the replacement for the Ghost mode. 
My post is obviously my opinion. Read his interviews. You guys on here are not particularly bright I suppose. 
Are you slow? Your and my opinions here are irrelevant. Ke Jie thinks so, not me.
You can call Samsung and ask how much they will charge for the repair. It will likely not be more. May even be less. 
As far as I'm aware, you can send your phone to Samsung for them to repair which should give your phone water resistance. Upsie then will reimburse you for the price of the repair. I was in a similar situation a while ago. However, I opted to go with the Upsie recommended repair center. 
While this sounds like a good idea on paper I bet he does not see it as such. It would be an ultimate embarrassment for him if he loses to AG with any extra stones. 
Obviously, I meant after the match and not during.
I wish they revealed AlphaGo win certainty % for each move. Then we could bet on what move AlphaGo will have >90% win chance. 
I'm just playing Tekken 7 PPSSPP mod. Practicing combos and such. 
Paul vs Nobi. 
Should have watched Tekken: Blood Vengeance instead. It's slightly better. 
Do you have character break down for top 16?
Well of course it is. Who else would it be lol.
Players per day keeps going up so: https://steamdb.info/app/389730/graphs/

And this is only on steam. 
I'm all in support of buying refurbished products, but buying a refurb HDD is not a smart idea IMO. 
Till next week when Trump decides to bomb some more Muslim countries. 
I'm actually somewhat disappointed with the new characters. Claudio, Katarina, Shaheen all look super generic to me. And I'm not even sure that Raven, Gigas and Josie should even be considered new characters. I like Kazumi and Lucky Chloe. Akuma is obviously an original character but shouldn't count either. 
This would be the most accurate tier list: http://static1.1.sqspcdn.com/static/f/721581/27448852/1486775502543/t7frjpntierlistverh20170209c.jpg?token=7sSn%2BuaURW72jy5pAZLt1KyfYSA%3D

However, this is already outdated and from what I've heard there will be new character changes from arcade to console release as well. So there isn't really a reliable tier list out there. 
https://youtu.be/aZGsQuCzD2A?t=164

This new trailer claims the release is:

PS4/XBOX One 2017/6/1
Steam 2017/6/2
I'm fairly positive Mokujin will be in the game. But I don't think they would make an announcement of adding Mokujin like this lol. It's possible they will add Mokujin+1 classic character with a day 1 patch. 
Download this: http://www.ppsspp.org/ and tekken6.iso for psp and play this on PC. Xbox controller is fine. First, play and see if you're going to get serious about the game and then just pick up a fight stick or a fight pad if you're going to be dedicated to the game. 
Good price. I paid exactly the same price a year ago for EVGA 1070 SC. 
Hah, DxOMark can no longer be considered reliable and objective. A phone that takes objectively better photos than a Galaxy S7 cannot end up with the exactly same score as the Galaxy S7. 
Very cool, good job! 
Found the retard. 
Well, I clearly do. Because I made a comment about it... 
More like a person that doesn't really understand what they are talking about. 
I agree. I also really hope we will be able to see damage in actual fights and not only in practice mode. Or at least there will be a mod to do this. 
Ha, Aris should try Dota 2. It's not even comparable. 
Steam.
Etokki omni for Korean version.

HORI RAP4 for Japanese version.
Key logger included. 
I love this woman and want to marry her. She is a hero. 
Yea, keep practicing buddy. 
TrueCaller is a spam app in itself. I've been using Hiya for a while and am pretty happy with it. 
Of course, it runs at smooth 60 fps. It's the visuals that take a hit for it to run at 60 fps... 
Raven is not a new character. 
Keep the i7 if you're doing streaming/video editing. You really don't need to waste that much money on the motherboard even if you're going to be overclocking. Same with the CPU cooler. Either get water cooler or don't waste money. I'd also get a 500W gold PSU instead of crappy bronze 650W. You don't need the Sound Card and the Wired network adaptor unless you really know that you need them. Also, get an SSD for the OS. Definitely, consider GTX 1070. Everything else is good. 

EDIT: Here I did a re-build for you basically everything in this build is better for the same price:  https://pcpartpicker.com/list/Qqg4kT
Should be banned from the tournament for this. 
You do know there will be matchmaking right? 
Can never go wrong with Hori RAP4.
Even if it was, don't use it. I've been using it for years and it keeps getting worse every year. Avoid at all costs. 
Wow, that's some racist shit right there.
So, umm... Any news on the closed beta or which quarter at least it's going to be in? 
Wow, I really hate the new character select theme. I really hope we'll be able to change this. 
I'd say this really depends on the region but any red and up rank is good. 
Yea, replay system is very important for the competitive scene and on PC. Interested in knowing if that's the case as well. 
Why is this not deleted? This is fake news by definition. 
Google Fiber, cuts all around the place. Allo and Duo approved under his rule. Google Pixel, failure. Project Ara killed. YouTube has gone to shit (not that it's ever been good but even worse now). Nest isn't doing good under Google either. And these are all things that I can come up with off top of my head. I'm sure if I do a little research I can remember a lot more stuff. 
This guy has been ruining everything. Literally the worst CEO Google has ever had. Exactly the opposite of new MS CEO who is actually a smart guy and is making good moves all around the place. 
I really hope that we will be able to change this or any music on PC. 
For the price, most definitely the best phone out there. 
Since you wrote this I'll elaborate. Honestly, there is no input to be provided for this "design". This was made in photoshop in 20 minutes. It's a horrible and extremely amateurish design. Colors are off, fonts are off, even the boxes and transparency is out of place. The simple idea that people on here like this says that Tekken community has absolutely no sense of design. Also, I couldn't care less about the downvotes. But you may be correct that it may discourage others from providing any kind of negative feedback. Additionally, as the other guy said, "whereas a blunt 'please no' feels more like 'this is shit'" is exactly correct. It's shit. 
Yes. I would go as far as to say some of the best variety of any fighting game out there. 
Got em. 
Holly shit it's a ghost rare pepe. 
Basically Tekken 7 described. 
Please no. 
Almost as funny as this one: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CsxXty6vEBA
It won't be. Tekken 7 will be big on PC. 
No. Fuck you.
First person on reddit that understands the difference between these two. I am proud of you. 
That's called communism. 
Had a similar issue. See this: https://www.reddit.com/r/GalaxyS7/comments/55oqp5/aod_doesnt_stay_on/d8clce0/
It's going to be there for the online play. 
Oh, man. I'm feeling good this year. I think we might go all the way. Thanks for the support and those off-sides were real bs. 
There is no comparison. Nova wins in every category. 
Lowest graphics settings will probably work just fine. 
Stock ROM rooted Exynos Galaxy S7 Edge.
lol. When I saw the announcement today I was like wtf. 
Wtf? Does this man have a mental condition or something? 
Hmm, let's see. None? Can you give me an example? I'm talking specifically about battery life. 
Holly shit. That was a scary shit to watch. The crocodile is a real fucking bro. Unlike that other idiot that almost made a guy lose his hand. 

EDIT: I guess if it's a part of a show it's much less scary than it seemed at first. 
It's not about the battery size. There are already tests out there. And they show that S8+ gets better battery life than the S7 edge. etc.
I'm not sure about the S8 because he said he wants SOT. I think the S7 edge gets better SOT than the S8. But S8+ gets best SOT of any of them. 
Definitely get an S8+, the best battery life you will get. 
I used to use CCleaner on both PC and Android phone. However, these days because of the improvements in how these operating systems work these apps are not needed at all. 

EDIT: Honestly, if I were you I'd remove many other apps that in my opinion are useless but that's obviously up to you. lol
Definitely, remove cclear. That shit affects the battery in a negative way if it's running in the background. In addition, it's a completely unnecessary app.
This can't possibly be true. They would have announced the date for something like this months in advance. At least that's my opinion. 
Spotify has been a shit show for the past 3 years. I would dump it in a heartbeat if there was a better alternative. 
http://www.phonearena.com/news/Samsung-Galaxy-S8-battery-life-test-result-is-out_id92744

I wouldn't put too much faith into this just yet though. 
People may complain about this but this actually looks fine to me. This is nothing like it used to be. Old Akuma would have easily killed in this scenario. He had almost no health and full meter so it's not surprising that full wall combo + rage art would do all that damage. 
"Surprisingly neutral."

"The man who is simultaneously the president of Russia and in charge of the United States." 

Wow, so neutral. 

EDIT: Lmao. They couldn't even translate Russian properly at 15:50.
I played with S8 and S8+ at BestBuy and I'm definitely going to wait for the Note 8. I may buy the S8 then if I don't like the note for cheaper. But what I'm really hoping for is Note 8 having a much better camera and a 4K screen for VR.
Can I have a Kazuya version pl0x? I want to button mash and wave dashes and PEWGFs coming out all the time. 
This is literally the most retarded thing I have ever read. 
> Andy's better be ready for when that happens, cause everything is gonna change.

The only thing that will change is that people will not buy Samsung phones anymore. Unless Samsung can completely and seamlessly substitute Android OS, which they cant. 
Does the law actually allow publishing it? I think this would be illegal. He would only be allowed to sell it to the advertisers as far as I understand. 
Exactly same reason for me not being on Fi. I wish I could bring the S8 to Fi. :(
This whole story could have been condensed to, "My boyfriend/dad bought me a Porsche."
Story I think. 
Wait, what? Android Auto does have "icons". I have Home, Nav, Phone and Music icons... 
Basically like this: https://signasl.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/c.jpg?w=302&h=302

I use my middle, my ring finger and the thumb to control the stick. I think the grip is completely irrelevant, though. Use whatever is the most comfortable for you and lets you perform in the most consistent manner. One tip that I will give you is do not use your thumb to press the buttons. Use either your middle or index finger only. 
What does that have to do with the fact that the phone on the photo has same bezel size as the G6? 
Eh, basically a G6. 
I don't have a hitbox or have ever used one but you should probably watch videos from this channel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EV1UBe7sHiU
> Women who are pregnant and thinking whether or not to abort: Do not give a single fuck for any outside opinion. Not the opinion of your boyfriend, or even husband

That's a ridiculously terrible advice. Just because your boyfriend is a piece of shit that doesn't mean that men are not responsible for their actions. As well as the fact that it takes two people to make another human. And both of them must have a vote. 
What's annoying to me is that ISP will be getting the money for my data. Not me...
So, everything that Steam has had for years?
This comment is an alternative fact. Everyone who is upvoting it should be ashamed of themselves and listen to the briefing. 
What a joke. Ukraine and corruption are synonyms. Source: Lived most of my life in Ukraine. 

EDIT: Also, he was fired by Trump for having connections to Russia. And he was part of the Yanukovich administration. Of course, he is corrupt.
Is it just me or do they change notifications in every major Android version? 
Dude, just copy the save files to a backup directory and be done with it. 
Lmfao. I can already see the hilarious customizations. 
Even the best players in the world like Knee and JDCR sometimes miss and get the WGF or df+2 instead of the EWGF. Although, their consistency is very high otherwise. You need to practice, practice, practice. Eventually, you should be able to do it very consistently. 
Leaked? This was released by the White House wtf?
> Did you report it to the TSA?

Of course, he did not. Because this story is made up. 
Oh, man. The delusion of the people that comment on here is hilarious. Some people are definitely living in an alternate reality. 
So, bigger screens and smaller batteries than the S7... =\
They better get more people on the project with all this money...
Performance is fairly good. Battery life is average. While better than most other phones that I've had before it's worse than my budget Sharp Aquos Crystal was. Overall, I'd argue that this is still the best Android phone one the market.
Please, end your life. Trust me the world will be a better place. People like you are cancer on the society. Or, you could always educate yourself and become useful to the community, which of course you would never dare to do. So please, just do it. 
Please kill yourself. You're fucking retarded and have no fucking idea of what you're talking bout. Kill yourself, help the world. 
I don't care who you blame. You're a cheater. You deserve to be banned. Your ban had nothing to do with IvStats though. 
No, I did not. Just unlike you idiots, I actually understand how the app works and that it IS approved by Niantic. 
Not for using IvStats you weren't...
No, you weren't. You're a fucking retard. And so is everyone who says otherwise. 
> It was great while it lasted

Wtf are you talking about it's on the PlayStore approved by both, Google and Niantic. And it uses the Google API. It does NOT access your account in a manner you are talking about. 
IvStats. It's on play store so it can't possibly get anymore safe than that.
This message shows up on scanner accounts... You used your account to scan. 
Honestly, at this point I'm just happy that I will get to play one of my all time favorite games on the PC. 
Heh, he is going to get annihilated regardless of how much he prepares. I really doubt he would even accept playing AlphaGo. But if he does I'd love watching the games. 
We've had this before: http://www.strawpoll.me/11391488/r

This is a very well know/reported issue that the Galaxy S7 phones have slightly worse battery life on Nougat than Marshmallow. 
This is some of the lowest lvl gameplay I have ever seen. Thanks OP!
If you are using Spotify via browser an easy solution would be to use Opera. Has a free built-in VPN that would enable you to use Spotify. 
CyberGhost is a good service. I used to use it. They claim they do not have any logs or monitor any activity. The speed is always really good too. But honestly, it looks like people have no clue about VPN services here. So take any answer with a grain of salt. 
Damn, I love this phone. 
He is right. 
If you have no idea of what you're talking about why do you even reply? You have literally no clue of how it works. I asked for an opinion from someone that actually understand how it works. You're just a clueless retard.
It has ads to make money...
Typical. PC and Xbox will suffer because of this most likely. PS players won't care much. 
Does anyone know if BetterNet any good? 
Lol... Your screen is dead. If those cracks on the side didn't give it away.

Source: Had exactly the same problem when I cracked my screen. Had To replace the screen.
> So I'm guessing there's no way around this issue?

Your best bet is to report this to Nova Launcher devs and hope they fix it. But I'm pretty sure this is an issue on the Oculus app and not Nova side.
This is because of the GearVR. 
r/ShittyJokes/
Very nice. I like the new stages a lot. Eddie is ok too I suppose. 
Sucks to be you. I am happy I can finally have the fingerprint reader in the proper place and no shit tier capacitive keys on a top notch hardware. 
Uh, interesting. Thanks for the info. 
Hummer 74. I guess when you put a tank on the road it's still a fucking tank. 
I like it. Looks sweet.
Lmfao. Gud1.
Not if you want a phone that can fit in your hand. GS7E is already too big if you ask me. 
Interesting. Everyone around the world was building walls before the US. Now that US decided to build a wall everyone else suddenly prefers the bridges. Go figure. 
Ugly. 
Pretty much not really: https://fscl01.fonpit.de/userfiles/6727621/image/2016/Samsung-galaxy-s6-edge-vs-s7-edge/AndroidPIT-IT-Samsung-Galaxy-s6-edge-vs-s7-edge-1452-w782.jpg
Wow, it's almost like Sony is out of touch with the current trends. 
Really? So we will actually get a decent pair of headphones/earbuds for the first time ever with a purchase of the phone?
This has been by far the most helpful (free) site that I have found when learning VIM few years back: http://www.vimgenius.com/
LG made a really sweet phone this year but GS8 is going to crush it. At least based on the leaks so far. And the features based on region is another dumb decision which makes no sense.
Wait, so everyone thinks that Fox News made this up? No one is considering that this guy might have lied to get on TV? 
The guy is a fucking shill. No point in even trying to talk to him.
Dwayne Johnson for Marduk maybe
Yea, my bad. For some reason I though he was asking about T7.
My advice is, get a stick. It's a joke but seriously though. 
Definitely not the Samsung browser. Try Puffin if you're chasing speed. Opera if you want more features and data savings. EDIT: Opera also has built in ad block.  
I feel like this was supposed to be green text.
He is a good player. But is he a good mid player? 
PC.
Lol. Was funny but Sheevar made it super cringe. 
It's pretty awful tbh. I've started permanently using Battery Saver mode and now it's about the same as it was on the marshmallow. I also stopped using package disabled a while ago after updating to 7.0 because that made the battery life even worse. 
Wait, so now assaulting adults is ok if you're a bunch of middle school kids? WTF? 
Gotta admit, that second joke was pretty funny.
Probably PVC like most Japanese figures are. 
Un-acceptable. The intolerance and hypocrisy of the German government is ridiculous. 
> Its only like 1% of the budget, but people can't shut up about it.

Yea, so 11 billion dollars? God damn those people. Also, 40+ million people on food stamps. But everyone just has to shut up about it.
I think you might be right on this but nobody here is going to agree with you. These people just don't know any better. 
I'm not going to recommend playing Tekken on a keyboard as IMO that's a terrible idea but if you want a good Keyboard get WASD: http://www.wasdkeyboards.com/index.php/products/mechanical-keyboard.html?dir=asc&order=price

Here is another decent mechanical keyboard for a very reasonable price: https://www.amazon.com/Corsair-STRAFE-Mechanical-Gaming-Keyboard/dp/B012B6X7MI/ref=zg_bs_402051011_8?_encoding=UTF8&refRID=GN2GG2268K8TJTNJ4BNH&th=1

Since your budget is limited I would get this for Tekken specifically: 
https://www.amazon.com/HORI-Fighting-Commander-PlayStation-Officially-Licensed/dp/B01GVOFIAA/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1487704480&sr=8-1&keywords=fight%2Bcommand

I'd also like to note that there are a ton of mechanical keyboard clones now on the market and it can be  super confusing to pick a good one. I would suggest you look at Cherry MX switches only. In addition there are different Cherry switches so I'd suggest doing some research. This will help:
https://i.imgur.com/zCs7ibr.png http://i.imgur.com/z0iCr.jpg
Not sure if it's cheating but definitely an unfair advantage. It's possible to do it properly without binds like that. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bexraJGvDfM

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ipLEjpMa_8
I hate the new throw mechanic. I used to be able to throw great throws all the time. Now I can never hit it. 
> No see I'm not just talking about the PC version(or steam version). I'm taking about Windows 10 edition. It's like steam but some games you buy on xbox one automatically transfer to Windows 10.

I think that's only a thing for the games published by Microsoft Studios. Tekken 7 is not one of these games.
I think you make a lot of good points. 
Boy, am I going to be outraged once the servers and the game are crashing on the release. 
> prove your point any better.

Yea, you and that guy must one of those people that are climate change deniers. It's ok, I know you're retarded. You don't need to prove to me more than you already did. 
How, though? You need social security and drivers license to be hired anywhere I know. How can these people be hired without documents???
Why the fuck do these companies hire illegal immigrants? 
Do you have any proof? All you have is your dumb, worthless comment. You have no evidence whatsoever. There many different phones and tests that show that the battery life is worse. And so is yours. You are just too stupid to actually test it. All you can do is make baseless claims on personal subjective experience. 
Not half the price but GS7 on Amazon is $470.
I've had Nougat for 2 months now and it's way worse. Your anecdotal comment is stupid. 
Service like Spotify is equivalent of the library for music. There are no real equivalents for movies that I am aware of, though. 
http://www.phonearena.com/news/Bad-news-10-worse-battery-life-on-Samsung-Galaxy-S7-and-S7-Edge-after-Android-7.0-Nougat-update_id90859

http://www.gsmarena.com/samsung_galaxy_s7_edge_battery_life_on_android_70-blog-23204.php

Kids on here will deny it but battery life is definitely worse after the update. 
Yes. Considering that the app that has been doing it is approved by both Niantic and the Google Playstore I don't think there is any risk. 
More like media invents a Swedish terror attack based on what Trump said during Florida rally speech. 
Came here looking for this. Was not disappointed. 
There sure is. If you have a console just pick up one of the older games and practice movement, combos, etc. basic things. If you only have a PC get PPSSPP (psp emulator) and download Tekken 6 and play that. 
WTF McDonalds hires illegal immigrants? 
Have you tried IvStats from the Playstore? 
You really need a Google API integration like the IvStats does it so that users can get all their Pokemon added to your app automatically. Otherwise, it's just too much work to add all mons and then add all the gym mons. Also, you need better filtering on gyms like most common defenders etc. Right now it's too manual and just too much work to be useful. 
I will go ahead and say that the fingerprint scanner is in a good position. 
Watching is one thing but playing is very different as you probably already know this by yourself. You should definitely try practicing in the game after watching some stuff. 
> You must be right. You know my ears better than I do.

Sorry, didn't realize that you're a fucking idiot. 
> that round ear bud doesn't stay in my ear,

Yea, it does. You clearly have never tried them. They will fit and stay in ANY ear. You compress them and then they expand to the shape of your ear canal. Also, these will never fall out of your ear when you run. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pDHVTUi38J8
I will upgrade if they remove the capacitive buttons and make the screen bigger with the same size of the phone. 
Get these instead https://www.amazon.com/Shure-SE215-K-Isolating-Earphones-MicroDriver/dp/B004PNZFZ8/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1487273283&sr=8-3&keywords=shure+se215 they will likely fit you better than the Samsung ones and last longer. 
I was using it but it's not necessary anyone with Nougat. 
Sounds like an alternative fact. 
This build is perfectly fine except for the CPU. Get the i5-7500 instead of the i3-7350k. It's only $10 more expensive but will give you way more bang for your buck. Also, you do not need the K version if you're not going to be overclocking. If you are going to be overclocking then you need an aftermarket cooler. 

You can probably also save some money on the PSU. Do not listen to the guy that's saying that 550 watts are not enough. It's way more than you need, do not waste money on more than that you can check your builds wattage on many different sites. Proof: https://pcpartpicker.com/list/YC4nM8 Your full build only uses 300 watts (I threw in a hard drive in there because it's also going to use some power).

Also, if you are thinking of swapping the RX 480 for GTX 1060 then only swap it out for the 6GB version. The 3GB GXT 1060 is not worth it based on price/performance compared to the RX 480.
Thanks for this post! Reminded me to uninstall Allo. 
Don't buy the mini. You won't get the true "arcade feeling" with the mini. It has small buttons and generally kinda sucks. Get the Rap 4.Rap 4 is almost identical to the Japanese arcade cabinets. Also, Tekken 7 sticks will be way overpriced compared to mini or rap4.
This post is retarded. The only way that Harada can find out that Tekken fans want their characters in the game is from social media. The more people ask for a specific character the higher chance that they will add that character...
Obama golfs instead of working = no problemo. 

Trump golfs with foreign diplomats for work = fuck Trump. 

Good shit. 
They have definitely increased 2k egg drop rate with this update.
He spent a shit load of time trying to do this.
Jesus Christ shes ugly. 
I guess you're just going to ignore my question. Okay.

EDIT: And to answer your question, you are being racist against white people by assuming that anyone who thinks that white lives matter is white. 
First off, I've never had to deal with the police in my life. Second, did you just assume I'm white? Racist people like you are the biggest reason why racism is so rampant. 
Yea, I agree. I don't know why the police is targeting white people in particular. It has to stop! 
Majority of them were white too. When will the police violence against white people end?
Good. Hopefully Huffington post, Salon and others are next. 
I don't know how to solve your problem but I can tell you for sure that VIM is not designed to work like that. You should use insert mode to enter text only, not navigation. If you are having trouble learning use this site: http://www.vimgenius.com/
It helped me immensely years ago when I started learning. 
I don't understand what you're trying to argue here. 
Depends on where you're selling I suppose. Exynos may be better but it has no US warranty. SD ones usually more expensive in the US compared to the Exynos versions.
I see what you mean now. The spacing is actually standard on most sticks. You'd have to do some research to find a stick which has more spacing between the stick and the buttons. 
NANCY-MI847J. Azazel is super easy mode. 
~$600

$650 for SD
$580 for Exynos
Yes. Posted this long before the GSMarena testing. https://www.reddit.com/r/GalaxyS7/comments/5oh4ys/does_the_nougat_update_make_the_s7_feel_like_a/dcjehtc/?context=3
Are all of the parts on it the same as would be found on a Korean T7 arcade cabinet? I've wanted to get Etokki Korean version for a while for the same reasons you've mentioned but still not sure if I need another stick lol. 
I have no idea about razer sticks sorry. I'm sure someone else knows about them, though. You found rap4 to be too small? That's weird because it's larger than your typical stick dimension wise. While not huge, it is certainly bigger than the Panthera and the new promotional sticks at least from the images. 
Did you get the Korean or Japanese version? Can you give some feedback on how it compares to other sticks you've tried? 
They definitely have a square gate. They will be fine for beginners but probably overpriced. Just get Rap4 if you want to save. 
If Americans 'make mistake' Iran will cease to exist. 
Yea, it's a complete idiocy IMO. Just because I can buy a huge ass HDD for very cheap doesn't mean they can just waste my HDD space like this. Also, people on here don't even know that 90%+ of almost any game are video and audio data. Textures are not that large.

>Devs keep thinking that uncompressed means players will definitely hear and see a difference in audio and textures when they really won't.

I don't think this is the case. I think they just don't care anymore in the age of digital downloads. They don't have to fit their games on a 4GB DVDs anymore and Blue Rays are 50GB so they don't even put any effort into it. 
It's completely ridiculous that some games are so huge these days. I understand that HDDs have become very cheap but that's no excuse to not compress your data when releasing new games. If a humongous game like GuildWars 2 can stay under 30GB there is no reason why Tekken 7 should be 60GB on PC. Even Battlefiled 1 and Dishonored 2 are 40GB. 
Same and got shit on.
https://www.reddit.com/r/GalaxyS7/comments/5oh4ys/does_the_nougat_update_make_the_s7_feel_like_a/dcjehtc/?context=3
Can confirm. I've been on Nougat beta and from my experience, the battery life during usage is worse. Standby times are better. I used to be able to play around 5+ hours of PokemonGo. Every time I've tried with Nougat it was 4 to 4:30 at best. I always use battery saver now and still can't get 5h. 
TIL IMDb had messaging boards.
Lmao. Is this a meme about what happened at Berkeley? Those fires were pretty real though haha.
Wow, that's a one miserable phone. LG blew it again. This is going to be a really bad phone year for LG.
For a beginner, I would recommend you learn ALL characters. Or the majority of them. In order to be able to beat all of the characters, you must understand how these characters are played. At least on the basic level. Yes, it will take you longer. Yes, it will be a more difficult process. But as soon as you get really good at movement your progression will skyrocket and you will get good really fast.
Kinda like people that disagree with Trump destroy Bank of America and Starbucks shops and set shit on fire. 
Please try Samsung Pay and let me know if it's working. 
Great idea. Too bad that he apparently doesn't know that he is not allowed to be a president by the law. 
That made me laugh more than it should have. 
If you take an iPhone 6S, 7 or Pixel as an example a lot smoother.
> And going back over it they didn't ban him he could still post more fraudulent keys if he wanted he just can't buy there.

Proof please. 
This is some next level idiocy. The guy breaks rules gets banned redditards rejoice. Of course, his "fake key" went straight to the marketplace. The same thing would have happened on eBay if a reputable seller put out a fake product. 
> Does the phone run much more smoothly with Nougat?

The short answer is no. 
Abandoned Temple by far.
As an immigrant who is now American I'd like to know, who the fuck are you do decide for me what is American and what is un-American?
> Poongko knocking top level Tekkeners dead is testament to that.

Oh, yea for sure. It definitely had nothing to do with Akuma being absolutely broken. Where is Poongko now after the nerfs? 
Kazuya and Devil Jin. But I also plan on playing Kazumi and probably some Heihachi. T7 Heihachi looks sick.
Yea, I actually ditched it a while back for stock Samsung My Files explorer. It's pretty shit but it gets the job done. 
If you're on cricket I'd much rather get the Global version for $500 from Amazon. Also, waiting till S8 is announced wouldn't be a bad idea either. 
Yes, it will probably be in Seatle in Key Area... 
> My Moto G3 for example has a really powerful flash. I've compared it to some flagship phones and none of them have a flash this strong.

That's really useful actually. Have you compared it with the GS7E? I have always been impressed with GS7S flash. It's always been much brighter than any of my friends phones at night. 
Nicely done! Still, long way to go until it can rival [wasavi](http://appsweets.net/wasavi/) but a job well done none the less.
Hilarious. 
Did you see the load times on iphone 6s and iphone 7? It loads in under 5 seconds.
I might have been able to reply to your comment, but I honestly have no idea what you wrote. Sorry. 
I largely agree with this sentiment. The guy is often informed by his own opinions which are often laughable and just plain wrong. 
Terrible decision from Enrique Nieto. This will hurt Mexico big time in the long run. 
Ever heard of DOTA? 
Are you saying America will stop all of its aid programs? You know that US is giving way more in aid now to all countries around the world than it did then? It's not such a bad idea to cut down somewhat and invest into the American infrastructure just like after WWII. 
It did after WWII. In recent past we have no idea how that's done for us because it was never the case.
Hori Rap 4 will be your best choice. It's reasonably priced, well built and overall probably the best stick for the money. It also uses same parts as the Japanese arcades so you will get that genuine arcade feel. 
Oh, well I don't know. Maybe first release the game and then 3 months later release the first DLC for money instead of first releasing DLC, then the game? You're also very cute if you think that Tekken 7 will be supported "for years to come."
> I'm hoping that the positive feedback to Good Lock will result in a more lean, attractive experience, which would be the final piece of the equation for me.

Good lock still doesn't work on 7.0. Also, judging by the 7.0 release you don't really need good lock anymore (at least for me). They made the drop down a lot more like stock Android.
You're fine. These recommended are for maxing out the game. You will easily be able to play on all high and get 60fps@1080p. Ultra might not work so smooth but lowering AA and Shadows will probably be enough. 
Lmao. I think they are confused about their own release and all of the versions at this point. 