Doing OHP - when is the appropriate time to breathe out? Benching I breathe on the push up, but I find that doing that on OHP is unnatural. I think the OHP is starting to suffer from lack of proper breathing. 
Not sure your situation, but outside of the room you should always have your passport on you.  
I find it funny because it does remind the absurdity of some of these posts.  The paranoia of their careers being destroyed because missing 1 team outing.  Or need to perfect the art of conversing with a senior partner.  It's just a dinner, you can miss a bunch.  They are just a person, talk to them like a normal human being would.  
"Agenda not included"
You can have both. Just let the second part come first. 
“...and agree to the confidential terms”.  Use a burner account. 
Pittsburgh price time had me really excited and happy and first. Concerned during the injuries. Upset at cheap shots. Worried about a comeback. Depressed when it happened. 
Security isn’t open at 4:30 so you’ll be waiting a little to go through TSA. 5-515 is opening. 
Eventually in order for the Trademark to hold the Pats need to provide that it is being actively used.  

[From wikipedia:](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trademark#Maintaining_rights)  Trademarks rights must be maintained through actual lawful use of the trademark. These rights will cease if a mark is not actively used for a period of time, normally 5 years in most jurisdictions. In the case of a trademark registration, failure to actively use the mark in the lawful course of trade, or to enforce the registration in the event of infringement, may also expose the registration itself to become liable for an application for the removal from the register after a certain period of time on the grounds of "non-use".
This was created prior to the Browns previous season. 
This is posted very often 
He didn’t play so they were probably going with that name anyway. 
Most Dentists don't consider the Floss Sticks as flossing.  Most Dentists are also evil evil people.
Its already in a solved state. He is just playing with it. That said, his finger trick skills are very impressive. 
Former produce worker here. Used to do this until you notice the customer doesn’t care, and takes from the bottom. One section ruined. Then another. Then another. Then what’s the point. 
Howard’s also an old guy set in his ways. He doesn’t bother to find alternatives. Remember when he discovered ad blocker in 2016? He’s a little out of the loop. 
More than at least one. He went to 4 NFC championships. 
They literally sold his jersey. A coach had a jersey. 
Childish perhaps but whoever is playing Pittsburgh. 
Enjoy.  Love Cincinnati. 
What has Del Rio done that makes you excited? 1 playoff win. He is more of the same. 
Elite players always give a shit
It’s hard to think our golden boy Green isn’t what he was last year. Not to suggest he’s done at all, but this year is a different AJ
I’ll split it with you
If you lose to us, you don't deserve the playoffs
With a big holiday coming up, I'm going a full Marvin Lewis effort at the office this week.  
Past the 50!!!!!!
Fire Marvin after this game. 
At least we saw 50 angles of him sucking. 
Please. They’d have to target him first. 
Calling it now. First down ahead. Get the upvote thread ready. 
I have some decent quality toys I was going to give away or put on Craigslist. Here are some pictures:. https://imgur.com/a/oXaNa The kitchen has been called by a family friend but this and some other stuff could be yours if you’d like 
Who Dey I guess. Not very excited. Don’t want to cheer for a loss either. 
Bill Cosby knew how to pick them
They aren’t winning either way...
Surprised? The guy is in bed at 8 on a Saturday.
If she reaches in the fire it would be obvious to Ben that she will play it. No one knows he has an idol so I think Ben still decides the vote by sending someone else home. 
Sonos!
Feel big now?
That’s what this has come to!
Win For 55
Full this player safety. They don’t care. 
We did it!
Jackson could use some of that too
 It’s for Vontez for DPOG. Lots of heart today. 
Great game vontez. 
That’s not a make up call for that shit hold on us. That was an actual hold. 
Olé!
Fuck. 
My hands. They keep hitting each other vigorously. Now I know how other fans feel. 
So how about that interception?
The fan rejected on a high five
I think it’s time to let it go
We’re done thinking Lazer is good right?
Charity bet that Ross doesn’t get a another target?
As is tradition with Marvin’s second half adjustments
Out of a two minute warning they bring this shit
“And I’m not playing Hill. I’m coach of the year to these assholes”. 
“And I’m not playing Hill. I’m coach of the year to these assholes”. 
You don't have to.  It is suggested.  Politely decline and they have never demanded.  Now that one time that it goes off, sure you'll feel like an asshole.  
No Ross today
Otherwise known as Andy a half second after every snap
I admit I wasn’t excited about that TD as much because I was confused on who 80 was. 
Vocal fry
I don't have access to Google the answer but your answer is out there. They published the order of classes and levels that would be kicked off. First group is something like lowest fare paid and no loyalty status. 
Play on
Well Pittsburgh is losing
Jesus. Bad game. Too harsh for that. 
You know they have the video montage queues up
D line and offense look good. Mixon really good. Green over 100. 
Mixon earning all the time in the game today 
Fined for gripping too hard 
I can get used to a sack every drive 
Normally you'd be against any AFC team as it helps our playoff wild card chances.  This year, just have fun!
I guessed correctly twice. Try that. 
So the alternative of getting decked is better?
Already booked my hotel 
After that last packers drive I have enough Rodgers facts to last the year. 
Game on the line and throwing to the punt returner?
Think Marvin punts on 4th down here again?
Didn't miss a single kick. Look up boys!
Watt and Clowny with our O line. It will be the third national disaster this month. 
Clowney and Watt on Thursday. 
Two tips and one terrible pass
Flying though a hurricane and they arrive 46 minutes early. Wow. And my flight to PHL can never arrive on time any random Thursday. 
I relived the excitement again at that moment.  Then I remembered the next part.  
That's where the Robin "ASSHOLE!" came from
No. I already get seats close to the front if not upgraded where it's less likely to have families. If everyone is just like me than I'm in the middle of the cabin. 
Still better than the "B"
Lol, yeah. Multiple locations including Newtown. [same site you cited](http://www.signsmovie.co.uk/images.html) 
You could also do joint stuff at the end, like abs, if you still want to maintain some sort of working out together. 
My wife and I will go to the gym at the same time but work out separately. Different routines and goals. 
A lighter is simpler. I think the point here is there are different and interesting ways. 
Skipping dinners to go rock climbing
Couple days after Howard made in fun of Richard. He brought him back in and praised his drumming because Howard knew he was being an ass. 
hello, fellow 10-year account holder.  days much better before sub-reddits, gold, and millennials. eh?
Horrible way to have her leave this game. 
Aren't you just pointing then?  Unless your buddy closed. 
Is it a millennial thing to not use punctuation?
It would have. Obama got one passed for the Nobel Peace Prize's monetary gift. 
I PRANK!
If true, it'll be out before Monday.  Do Jewish people not have the burial within three days?  If true, it'll be public soon.  
And just like Howard he [throws it at the rim](https://youtu.be/TCQkkWn3sKo?t=114)
By your own logic your reasoning is a little flawed. You should hope for a mediocre season as that could mean splitting between the Bengals and ravens. Reducing their w/l. Having the browns suck likely means 2-0 for each. 
But its silly analogy.  A roof contractor can tell you the quality of every house's shingles it passes on the road.  That wouldn't make them any better at Survivor.  
Care is a relative word.  Will I click on that link to make a Steeler fan less happy? Yes, yes I will.  Will I check the results?  I've already forgotten about what I am talking about.  
You had me at Steelers
A comment. Not comments. One idiot. 
Age noine 
"Lol" He put the team in position to beat the steelers in the playoffs, first win in 24 years or so at the time. Then the Bengals D yellow flagged it away.  But sure "Lol". 
Context:  However, she went on to say that her feelings had softened: “I don’t ever want to stand in front of anyone’s happiness. If that word ‘marriage’ is really really that important to you, I can go with it.”

Ellen pressed Caitlyn on the issues, telling Jenner that she seemed “not on board with it”. Degeneres later called Jenner’s view on marriage “confusing” during an interview on The Howard Stern Show.

Now, in her book, Caitlyn says that Ellen’s actions “further alienated me from members of the LGBTQ community.
Yes. You can deflect but not make a kicking motion. 
In PA, utility vehicles like pick-ups has "Truck" on them [such as this](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0c/2010_Pennsylvania_Truck_License_Plate.jpg), when as above, you'd expect these on actual trucks.  
Same for American. The original guy in this chain doesn't know what he's talking about. 
How does someone even figure that out?
Man, what did you do to miss the gold train?
You are so lucky to have forgotten about Dick Clark calling in. 
There are many reasons why this is a sin. For one, if you don't score chances are your buddy trailing you will have a sweet rebound to take advantage on. 2 on 0 or 2 on 1, always shoot. 
Don't write it, I'll do it live.  


Times like this... just be quiet before you say something stupid
I know. How he went spearing into someone's head. Oh that was Odell. Oops. 
[he may be an asshole, but he's our asshole](http://cdn1.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/2393064/burfictref.0.gif) 
I was waiting for him to mention that she invited him to go rock climbing
Entertaining, yeah.  Used to come around here, yeah.  But quit (or "gave up" if that's too harsh for some), yeah.  
“There’s three of you, If you can’t figure out how to work together, you deserve to go home.”
Oh, thanks. Appreciate the education. 
Can someone inform me what a purple edit is?
It's how I figure out the right number of hours in a fixed price effort. Have to meet the clients budget after all. 
No one hated Gaga or Schumer the first time. In fact, Gaga's first interview was loved here. Kind of a silly post. 
The Intouchables
Maybe. I am not smart enough to know. Your post was longer than mine so it's probably correct and I'm wrong. 
At the start, sure. But not if it has already been pulled. The odds certainty "change" after each person before you goes. 

Edit: wow. I really offended some people. Guess I should have posted a picture of a buff. 
Good guess. Chick fil A's shakes didn't seem to make the cut though in that scenario. 
Same here.  There are so many threads on how to get price.  OP is the "stupid" one for paying list price. 
Same as the Bengals. We just want to win one. 
I went with Connect myself. 
Yates?  You're fucked Steelers. 
Anyone have the phoney phone call where he calls in to someplace ranting about everything he hates?
> successful former NFL quarterback

Elisabeth Hasslebeck is married to Tim Hasselbeck.  He was a career back up.  His Brother, Matt, was the successful one in the league.  
Lost Chris Henry on that same play too.  Then Kitna decided to try and make Kevin Walter an MVP and forgot about Chad Johnson.
Has the one in the bar (or diner) been updated yet?
If only my kids cheered like that every time I turned in a document on time
He's not in a rush. Not like he had to go to work the next day. 
I am curious why not leave from Trenton?  It is closer and you get to avoid Rt 1/95.  There are misconceptions that it's not safe, but it is very safe.  
All my jerseys are from china and shirts from etsy.  
Not cool man
I see a falloff on this sub of emoticon usage
He's just making it so they need to buy a new one. More for charity. 
I've forgot about all those missed PATs. 
"Standing over bell" (to help him up). Keep trying to build that narrative 
That's $5/hr based on what they are going for. 
I've heard that this is an excuse that some use when a group of people are getting out of hand.  A passive aggressive way of cutting people off without confrontation.  
I'll offer a win/loss wager.  If Steeler's win, I'll use a $50 amazon gift card on any charity's Amazon Wish List you pick.  If the Bengal's win, I'd ask for you to buy $50 worth of items off the Philadelphia Children's Hospital's Amazon Wish List.  
PO TA TO. Boil it, mash it, stick it in a stew. 
We'll get to him, we're hating on Nugent now though 
What's Kirk jawing about?
These treads explode on every Nugent kick. If not for one thing, he brings us all closer for the holidays. 
Give him an extension! Because obviously the front office doesn't give a shit
I mean at this point its just funny 
Because do we trust Nugent?
My best guess is he is tagged as "husband" in contacts
Lesbians certainly could 
Always see players at the area libraries 
Why take a timeout when you didn't care the past minute?
Well done. Shell be missed. 
What? Bush's reelection had half of hollywood in Canda at this stage. 
I can't go but ill catch it on Howard360
[here is Burfect doing this after a tackle](http://cdn1.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/2393064/burfictref.0.gif) 
No. Here is a suggestion. Download all the players you want and put in excel. Using a macro (readily available with some googling) you can assign to teams in random and then upload as an offline draft. 
Unfortunately this is the game I was expecting. But still some good clock left
I wasn't too happy wither but he hasn't exactly had a horrible year. 
My wife loves traveling. If you are with one brand and get good status take her on a vacation. Call them in advance. Tell them to go all out. They usually will do right by you. 
There goes SPG Lifetime Platinum
Erickson just assumed everyone knows he'll fair catch it 
D needs to get one here because the offense can't do shit
INT. It will hurt more. 
The field is in wheels. 
Wasn't tackled. Got too dizzy and fell down 
Is here
Going to the same site?  Week 1 I'll have a monster load with me (think a checked bag) with lots of extras and a duffel bag.  I'll leave the duffel bag with clean clothes/sneakers at the bell desk while I'm home.  This allows me to take home the dirties and then you'll just need to bring new clean clothes (but in smaller quantities) in future weeks.  
If Mark is in studio don't underestimate the amount of paper work that was done to make that happen
She should only be deciding Joe with a lower case J or upper case
Bye joe
Like Woo bringing Tony. Not good Tai. 
He admitted he felt lied to. It's not hypocritical. 
So it's over. Just like that. 
Almost. What would have happened? I recall Denver at week 17 could have been number 1 or out of it. If we would have won do we get a bye and Denver out? 
Congrats Denver 
Congrats Denver fans!
Last quarter I get to watch Manning. Let's enjoy. 
And Google will make it exclusive to YouTube Red.  Many comments in here are pro-google, but they are out to make a buck too. 
Yeah; he has been backing away from a Pro Clinton responses and giving Sanders some credit. 
/r/suvivor has their sidebar on a random shuffle of pictures.  every reload is a new picture.  perhaps the way the wack pack is dying off this is in order.  
I think it depends on the ratings. If they go down I think he will say a lot. If they stay the same or go up he won't say a word.  
Does that guy only own one shirt?  It's the same as the prior image. 
Yeah, lets stay away from /r/nfl today
New England. I am immature. If I can't enjoy football I don't want anyone else to either.  I do want to see Zim, Carson, and gruden each get a win though. 
As bad as it is, its better than any Charlie Sheen bit
Move this team. They are horrible. 
Those are the old rules. Felt too many teams were being safe. Opened up the offense. 
Come up big D
Find AJ 
It will come in a few minutes
Only on ESPN desportes 
No one. 
I don't know what the second half holds. Denver is good. We look good. The only thing I know is I will not be sober. Who dey!
It's Whit's first pro bowl? Well deserved and long time coming

Edit: commentary leads me astray 
Never seen a better start. Officially full mast here. 
We look good. Real good. But not fuck you time outs good. 
Early up ore party for that drive
And if you hold out another two weeks (with no service), they will call you and offer 6 for $25
Couple causes are not enough oil on the lane causing it to hook more. Or not throwing the ball fast enough. 
I'll say what every panthers fan is thinking. He shouldn't even be in the game. Go Panthers. 
That face and throw will be a gif I will see here for a long time
OBJ catches winning TD with one hand and no one will know how to feel 
Who dove into who's head?  He deserves this roasting today. 
This guy knows his drops
I'm happy. 
Where my Jeremy flairs at?
Backing up AJ.  Don't think Sanu will be our backup next week.  
Cincinnati gets the ball to start the next half.  
No regular season win will ever revenge that game for me
Well they are worried about a fight in the crowd for the ball.  I know i'd be diving and throwing elbows for it. 
I use the Green Choice option/Do Not Disturb all week.  I read once during an AMA that they appreciate that more than a tip because it gives them a break every day.  
I kind of feel ... bad?  
Capturing data this way is a little silly.  Create a google docs questionnaire and you'll get better organized responses
Recent history... [Safety in overtime against MIA](http://www.nfl.com/videos/nfl-cant-miss-plays/0ap2000000274515/WK-9-Can-t-Miss-Play-Wake-off-safety)
Terrible call. Will take. 
Possible Super Bowl aside. Probably last time we face Carson. We don't play NFC West often. He will probably stay in Arizona for a while. 
AS a former goalie, there isn't single forward that doesn't try this 5-6 times a practice.  
We lost. I am not pinning this on Andy. I feel I have come a long way as a fan. 
No one seriously thought 16-0. Would be great to lose to a better team but at least this loss did no damage to playoff seeding. Who Dey boys and girls. Who dey!
Heads up 8-1. We'd all be happy during preseason. 
Catch it Eif
You assholes told me TJ Yates was NOT playing tonight!!! :)
This comment last year isn't said. It's calling for his job and AJ to come in. I like it. 
We're good then
just turned it on.TJ Yates isn't starting, is he?
Instead of yelling "Representative" into the phone during the computerized menu I'll just yell "Netflix".  
He did just fine in the first one. 
He did say several times he is not the caller.  Nonetheless good to remind others. 
Doubling the wins of Pittsburgh!  8-0!!!!
When does the text on the browser tab update?   7-0?  Please.  
8-0!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You missed last year's TNF game
OK. So we're good in Primetime now. 
5/23/2013: Signed a four-year, $5.253 million contract. The deal included a $2.2 million signing bonus. 2015: $832,576, 2016: $1,071,364, 2017: Free Agent
Spent a lot of time in a place like this.  Horrible experience.  On the plus, I got real good at Darts.  Nothing else to do but throw darts all night over some beers.  I wouldn't worry, you'll be in LA on your next project that's too behind schedule for you to even think about nightlife.  
Fuck anyone who called us bungles. 
What happened to Cleveland?
Defense kept us in the game. Now they can secure it. 
One run please 
I am on record hating ":3". Boy do I want to see them fly right now. 
Out of market for me. Would be a delay for Internet stream. 
I am amazed Ben can throw with Fouts' mouth around his cock
Fouts thinks this is a first down. I'm shocked. 
See ya. I'm going to enjoy the rest of the game only down by 4. Ass. 
Nice Huber
I have to put this TV on mute 
Evan is pretty I guess but I thought all sideline reporters are female 
Unnerving to hear them talk about a game on Thursday when currently down against the steelers at the half. One at a time. 
Ben quitting on the team?!?
After the half. Yes. 
This team seems very different without Bell
I'd be the same. I am worried too. Even though it was routine tackle. Still "looks bad". Hope he gets up.  
Get up, Bell
Good decision, Marv
Dalton a little high today
That was a real good drive. Needs a response. 
That was a real good drive. Needs a response. 
Went to the toy store today and saw some gift ideas for the kids. Pulled out my Amazon app to stick it to the man. Only to find out that Amazon was a lot more expensive on all four items I scanned.  I suggest all not to assume Amazon is the best deal. 
Howell, NJ has a big one with clues and all.  Styers in Langhorne has one (3$/entry) but seems basic. 
Well sliding is mostly so they can go harder into the base whereas only at first can you over run the bag. 
Sideways still count in his FitBit challenges 
Our sub is overrun by 16 year old girls
Not watching your own game. TD dalton. 
an* attack
In made up stories anything can happen!
But... but... but his wife didn't even know
Amazon 2-day shipping
You need to look at it from the other angle
THAT was Tate?
Your kicking is spot on
Chiefs relocated to California?
Good game so far. Last minutes were amateur hour. 
Right. Not the same team at least. 
As a fan that does not make it very easy for me to follow 
Just spent 10 mins refreshing the pre game thread looking for TD reactions 
Scobee with two misses but Tomlin has two himself now
Congrats KC
I'd be OK with this.  Yes, sad to lose the super bowl.  But that means we've won a playoff game. 
If both teams continue on their path this will be flexed out for something with implications 
What kind of item?
Called something else on the field lol
Don't mess it up Nuge
He's with a Ravens fan? As a fellow Cincinnati fan I do not approve. 
First place!
He will if he horse collars. That wasn't. 
Ctrl F
Everybody gets one 
I used quick.  Below is the URL I used in my code, with my league ID replaced.  You can't use this, because your team ID will most likely be different for the matchup you selected.  But it should look similar.  

http://games.espn.go.com/ffl/boxscorequick?leagueId=11111&teamId=5&scoringPeriodId=1&seasonId=2015&view=scoringperiod&version=quick
Anyone else still have to travel on Monday? (afternoon at least for me)
Sit on the couch and watch TV all day
Its a silly question. You have Netflix. Just watch it and if you don't like it turn it off. We don't know you and we don't know what is worth your time. 
I have noticed a little scrolling as well. I have not thought much of it to perfect it as my CSS skills are beyond limited. 
I figured it out.  For anyone else that cares

<div scrolling="no" style="width: 640px; height: 500px; padding: 0; overflow: hidden;"><iframe id="scaled-frame" src="[URL of Matchup]#teamInfos" scrolling="no" style="width: 980px; height: 520px; margin: 0 auto; -webkit-transform: scale(0.64); -webkit-transform-origin: 0 0; -moz-transform: scale(0.64); -moz-transform-origin: 0 0; -ms-transform: scale(0.64); -ms-transform-origin: 0 0; transform: scale(0.64); transform-origin: 0 0;"></iframe></div>
Well he pays "two people full time" for IT work and look how in the know he is there. Not sure this would help. 
Not a very good comparison.  Celebs are at events where they are taking questions from the press.  People on the street stop and talk to the guy with the microphone.  
My wife said my cursing at the TV is in mid season form. I'm ready for the season. 
Minimalist maybe, but you're not poor with the comfort of knowing what really is in your bank account. 
I thought this was a real article until it mentioned an "in flight movie", then I saw its from the Onion. 
They buried him so that search dogs wouldn't get depressed 
What was that 5 plays?  First one was nice (if you miss it check out the 7 replays); all others were great blocking or average for a professional player. 
Dancing dogs won Howard's first season. Dancing dogs. Won. 
I really hate the different color name plate
A lot of times stocks will rise after a settlement (of long legal battles) because fears and uncertainty are put at a closure
Golden Tee and beer. 
worked on Monday [](http://imgur.com/lGXLv2A)
Yes, Spotify is better for music than Sirius.  NPR is available in other formats.  
Fire 
This team was so bad for so long that fans are willing to settle for mediocre and average.  The fear of going 4-12 or 3-13 and truly rebuild is astonishing.  
Your flair is awesome 
1. Hi, How are you
1. I am going to ask you 5 questions, are you ready?
1. OK if I record your answers?
1. What do you mean I only have two questions left, you are counting them?
1. Are you serious!?!
I didn't like losing Jonathan Joseph
I just use a backpack. I am also a boy and don't like the traditional maternal ones. 
Richard and Sal recorded Sour for hours.  Well, they had him speak in a mic and recorded it.  They they took from those recordings a bunch of clips.  Richard and Sal then repeatedly called Steve using the drops.  This was done over weeks (or months) by Richard and Sal.  
You never had pizza in Indianapolis. It's all bad all the time. 
You're not wrong that he wasn't laughing, but I am not certain he was pissed (although from the clip I recall he didn't look pleased).   I would assume he knew about it and was in "fun time is over" mode.  If it helps it was against [Atlanta in 2006.](http://sports.espn.go.com/nfl/news/story?id=2647613)
That's what a convincing argument takes?  In that world I could be a top level attorney.  
He has mentioned reddit a dozen times on air.  Many reddit users get so surprised when someone else knows about their super secret site that has over [15M unique visitors a month](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/about/traffic).  
Helmets are fine; Provide any update to the "B" and I'll upvote all day
That's not how to calculate it.  Although the new one does have a different color distance (17.1817 vs 10.0129).  

[http://colormine.org/delta-e-calculator/]
Wow, that is one amazing piece of shit.  Bravo, this is the ugliest concept I have ever seen.  Phenomenal! 
I can't swing $9/month for that much new content.  $4/month is my limit.  That's a dollar less than what I pay now.  There is no reason to pay more especially since I won't be able to listen in the car as easily (no Bluetooth).  The other channels, although easily replaced by NPR's app or Spotify, do have some value to me.  
> why would Sirius show Howard the door? The main bread winner of the company

If your revenue goes down, that can be OK when you offset it by a larger reduction in expenses.  Typically, stock values increase on days when layoffs are announced.  


I am not a fan of the bar across the back name plate and sholders.  I like a nice solid color and design scheme.  Boring, I guess.  
0-6. He's got time. 
Possibly a kicker?  Less contact.  Blah blah punters are people too, yes, not calling them a woman either. 
Thanks for sharing.  My ideal scenario would have my favorites preloaded on the left hand side and then removed (or replaced with current functionality) as you start to enter numbers.
[link is here](https://twitter.com/BethStern/status/567421333051805697)
> The team name really is just "Steamroller" and not "Steamrollers", although the "s" would get put on occasionally. 

It's odd that the "s" made it's way into the logo
In my opinion, it's best to be as simple as possible.    

*Dear HR, I am terminating my employment on m/d to pursue other opportunities and interest.  I appreciate the time spent with XY Company.  Thank you.*

Everything else in your letter is unnecessary.  Chances are you'll have an Exit meeting, you can bring up the rest then (but still I wouldn't).  


I don't mind too, I just wish the mamory lane had 2-3 episodes a day rather than repeating the same 3 hour show all day.  
I never heard the '06 Rehearsal Show.  It's great.
No. He did it on the sidelines. There was no risk in this happening. 
Andy is #12.  I am sure many just wanted to know how far up or down, depending on your viewpoint. 
Just wait until Cincinnati wins a playoff game. I will spam the hell out of this sub in jubilation. 
He used us to get more money from you. I hated that guy ever since. 
Not related to today's show, but I went to a superbowl party.  Worst experience.  All we were served was bread and water.  The host must have only paid $175 for the event! 
Less rolls, less paper to clog up the bowl, and less time required as just simply folding over is quicker than grabbing another wad and bunching it up.  

No, I can separate entertainment from how I should act in real life just fine.  
They explicitly mentioned during Sandy rooms and meals (at a cap) were expensed.  Didn't mention this time that I heard, but it's a fair assumption it is the same.  
Ballsy for a 6th round pick
Can't have these interviews.  We need more available time to devote to understanding where in the world Beth O is today.  
I was always coached that we do not provide the reason for termination (voluntary or involuntary).  If I prevent a former employee from getting a job our company could be held responsible for slander.  The best I can do is answer the question "Would you hire [x] again?" with a "They would not be a good fit", and that's only if they ask.  At the end of the day, its not worth the hassle and I have no reason to block any former employee from getting work.  And really if you think about it, I don't work for the potential employer.  I don't care who they hire and I have my own daily problems to solve.  
Common response to this common post.  But some notifications are legitimate.  You may want to know when it is your turn in "Word with Friends" for example.  But when they use it for trying to conjure up additional activity by provoking you to start a game with a friend, it is acceptable to get annoyed at the misuse.  

There is a trust between User and Developer that can be abused.  
The day after. 
Does a lot for your kids while you are not around to provide
Poor kids. 
One time? Every show that kid found himself in something or under something. One stupid kid.  But actually he never did fall into a well. 
You have it harder than me, but I did 11-months of weekly East Coast to LA.  I just stayed on EST time.  Dinner meetings were a little rough to get excited about, but typically I just ate dinner by myself (1-man project) then crashed.  Getting up at 3:30 am wasn't too bad since it was normal.  I don't think you can keep such hours going the opposite way.  
dre kirkpatrick.  Weak selection for all year, but came on end of season, he's why we win Denver and make the playoffs.  
* 88- Irving/Dez
* 9- Romo
* 8- Aikman
* 76- ?
* 54- ?
* 32- ?
* 1- ?
* 88- Irving/Dez

... oh, he's just counting down.  not nearly as fun.  
 [Gio's leaping TD against Pitt, in Pitt](http://www.bengals.com/media-lounge/videos/Wk-17-Cant-Miss-Play-Jumpin-Giovani/25c11224-8a92-46a6-9f30-6ffad642ca31)
Well Howard was wrong, [the ad](http://www.howardstern.com/uploaded/images/Jon-Hein-Lesbian-Profile.jpg)
Bengals vs Cleveland (2nd game)
Burfict's [white flag](https://cdn0.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/53QVFVXFNazMJkmbF5SO59Emb-s=/800x0/filters:no_upscale\(\)/cdn0.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/2393064/burfictref.0.gif)
The crowd's Who-Dey cheering against Denver that pulsated through the TV
Here is a real one. Not photoshopped. http://img121.imageshack.us/img121/125/altbengalshelmet.jpg
We just call them people now
That's probably not going to be an issue for them since they are soon to be entirely rebranded under American Airlines.  
And Cardinals and Panthers, 
Jonah Hill is the only one.  
“They can take their $1.3 million and they know what they can do with it. I'll play for 50 bucks somewhere else.” - Dillon. 
He's (Ken) probably wrong on all accounts, but it's funny as hell
Power stays by working stiffs. They work real well. Happy with them. I have lost a few over the years and will eventually reorder. 
Just get to the playoffs a few times and you're safe for life here. 
Sonos is awesome though
To be a fan of a team this good...
I have no gripe with Carolina or Denver. 
The Town
Just say where.  That's the fun of the thread. 
Thanks for the update 
And Indianapolis is not a city that manages snow and ice well. They don't have the infrastructure that other cities have due to really lack of need. 
They broke ground on the second one too
I feel more astute when looking at porn
Nodus. Portfolio style so not for everyone. 
When the judge dismissed his lawsuit against Sirius. Agree with him or not that doesn't matter. But you can tell he was so angry. It was real. 
Andy's primetime success is well documented
Have fun with Denver and New England next season, Pittsburgh. 
That was my favorite play in NFL Blitz
It's like I am streaming
Would be devastating. Ward scores in that play. 
Pretty sure steel mills are more rare these days 
I am fine with any win scenario 
But, but, but what about... eh, I get it.  
Look at his flair. Look at their success against his. That's why I gate him at least. That and f the steelers. 
I was on your side and ready to get out the pitchfork, then you posted the conversation picture.  The quote you provide above is not the response you received as you make it seem.  It is clearly a sarcastic remark taken out of context.  Shame.  
Even has the Lisa G takes shits at work song (approx 58:22)

Edit:  Ohhh.  Then Baba Booey bangs Lisa G.  
25 years without a playoff win over here.
D
They wanted Manning to win sooo bad
FUCK YEAH
Play calling shows little confidence in Dalton. 
I live this shit I may move to England 
Such disregard for our grass. Hope he misses 
There was a time with Rudin Johnson and Chris Perry when two RBS would start
Well look at the score. I look shell shocked too. 
I am rock hard right now. 
Unless Ben allegedly makes them
They just profiled thier bad prime time record. If you missed it don't worry, it will be mentioned a few times during the first half. 
I will be optimistic. I will be optimistic. I will be optimistic. I will be optimistic. 
Not sure.  Hasn't kept Joan Rivers from calling in.  
Home:	Baltimore, Cleveland, Pittsburgh, Kansas City, San Diego, St. Louis, Seattle, AFC South Division Position Match

Away:	Baltimore, Cleveland, Pittsburgh, Denver, Oakland, Arizona, San Francisco, AFC East Division Position Match
S
Why do you subscribe to r/business if you don't want to read business articles on how market leaders are trying to control or capitalize their category?  Stick to r/pics. 
Hated missy so much didn't even want her to get second place money
Spotify, primarily a streaming service, does it nicely.  So I am a "fucking moron" who thought it could be a possibility.  I am quite certain, if you weren't 14 years old, you would have thought the possibility of streaming movies online instead of going to BlockBuster being the idea of a "fucking moron" in 2002.  But when there is an idea that can make money, someone will eventually try it.  Even "fucking morons".  
He is doing OK.  Elisa is terrible and her questions are terrible.  She kills any momentum it gets. 
Whatever you do Thursday or Friday seems to be working
Have they played this in years?  Good one 
Thanks for the call
Do you have a link to prior years?
A single black balloon
What is a Super Saiyan?  After googling, what is Dragon Ball and more importantly why do I frequent the same site as 15 year olds?
Your team just gave up 28 points in the 4th quarter, shut up and fix that problem.  
Did Billy just say Smashing Pumpkins is better than Pearl Jam?  What a joke. 
You're an idiot. 
But cincy has one, notably ripped on here after the TO. 
I don't get the joke
That's what they want you to think. Just cleverly setting up the next 7th one. That'll get 'em. 
Confirmed here:  http://www.jerryrohira.com/demo.html
well, that's subjective
They would charge over $10 to deliver 3 pieces of fried chicken?
He has posted a few times in this sub, too.  
A key add, you can then listen offline.  I fly a lot so this is great for flights.  
Brady does have a super rich wife unlike the Mannings
Words /r/nfl loves to overuse more than *Salty*
Well can't defend *that*.  
Why?  They take what you considered trash and they will repurpose/sell it.  What is the harm about taking things out of landfill and giving second life?
A nice idea, but I would prefer to see the ad space go away instead of a Thank You banner.  I don't need to be thanked 2-3-4 times on a page.  I'm a self absorbed guy, but not *that* much.  
This is no different than any other subscription service.  When your time is up, call and cancel.  2 weeks later you'll get an orange flier in the mail offering 6 months for $25.  I have done this for four years and running.  Internet isn't included, but you can add it for 3/mo.  
That immediately doesn't make this "realistic".  
It really was.  Being the OP, its obvious you knew what he meant.  
This happened in a hockey city where majority of games they play against a US opponent (80% odds).  So they do have the benefit of hearing it very frequently.  
Same here for Philadelphia.  
Please don't give it more clicks. Here it is. 

Near the end of the interview, Mohr asked Gilberry about lining up against Watt. And this is how it went down:

Mohr: "Let’s say you're out at defensive end, and J.J. Watt lines up in the tight end position. Do you knock him flat on his ass?"

Gilberry: "Of course, of course. You can’t let a guy like that get a free release. … Playing one-on-one without linebackers or DBs? No, we can’t have that!"

Mohr: "Are you going to guarantee J.J. Watt ain’t going to score (this Sunday)?"

Gilberry: "He won’t score on me."
Looked more like a trade for Beth's book promotion.  Let her come on your show and you can come on mine.  Plus the contribution to NSAL helped I'm sure.  I would guess not a pay to play. 
Nice interception 
Palmer got Cincinnati O-line hot tubs one year
There was an article few weeks ago that went into a lot of detail. They are mostly sold in lots, refurbished, and sold on the secondhand market. The sales are mostly to Asian markets, not US or EU. 
If a client says this, just laugh it off and move on.  I am sure you don't tell the client that they price their product/service too high (unless that is the objective of your engagement).  It's a rude and unprofessional statement that doesn't need to be further addressed. 
And what is your solution?  Is your time machine ready to put on a more entertaining game?  Should we have New England sit in the tunnel and march out on the field after halftime in place of the team who is trailing?
And there is nothing wrong with Gary staying home during a superstorm. It's the reactions that makes it hilarious. 
This is a rent vs buy comparison which is not reasonable.  I'd like to see margin between renting a DVD versus purchasing a DVD.  I am sure there is a large difference there too.  
Who pays $15/month?  I pay $25 for 6 months.  
Kitna came in and made it his mission to give Kevin Walter of all people a career game.  Something like 9 targets, forgetting Chad Johnson was on the field.  
First listen of the new albums and this was the first that I had to replay before continuing. Fantastic. I couldn't even wait for the song to end to repeat. 
Kimo Von Wilkes Booth
Contact their customer service online chat representatives. They are excellent. Much more helpful than posting to reddit. 
He wasn't the issue in Oakland. Not an MVP, but not the issue. 
I also have some.  PM e-mail.
I have three.  If you want one, please PM your email. 
*redheads
Not even close to a first anyway 
At this rate he will be cutting lawns over the summer. 
"nobody open" as we show a ten second clip of green wide open
I think he may have his own problems 
We are in agreement... No more prime time games, right?
You asked for opinions.  You should take the bad with the good.  
Still waiting for my Wave invite
A 55+ community. Can fit a few room in that space. 
Hoping some current users can answer this.  As someone that already has a 0 E-mail inbox, and very good at E-mail management with strong labeling and filters... what is the other advantages of Inbox? 
http://homer.ca/images/peimap.gif
I thought it was a nice touch (and purposely planned) to use maps.apple.com but it redirects you to google maps.  
Agreed, and I don't even think it makes sense.  Calling him "Gary the Conqueror" is just as insulting as Retarded.  If he really wanted to be PC, he'd call him "Gary".  
Thanks for posting this.  I sing it all the time, as recently as this weekend.  I was going to ask for someone to post it.  Do you have the "rock version" of this?
I'm actually surprised this was this not flagged as a celebration penalty with a prop  
Like Scott's "kish" sound, it became more and more exaggerated over time to be funny
I lived through the balloon nonsense for a season, I'll live through this.  This isn't football related, and the way it is posted and intended, it's not even Bengals related.  It's pin-up model teeny bopper bullshit.  
Do they lose a yard for that?  It's not like baseball where a Sac fly doesn't count against you?
Unless it is a playoff game against Cincinnati 
Can we bitch now or will someone write five paragraphs on how I am a bandwagon fan? 
Andy just shoo him off the field?
Only when his head is down. That's his way
Anyone getting the new book: How To Shred A Defense. By Tom Brady?  Come on boys. 
You never saw this before:  8). Or whatever it is
Well it's looked good. 
Time to sort comments to New
every sunday i see the same team after their game at the same bar.  the bar they are sponsored by, with their wives/girlfriends/friends.  they promise to come to the bar after the sunday morning game and hang out and filling up a small corner.  the bar doesn't care if the team wins or loses, they just care they get people in the door.  their tabs pay for the sponsorship.  
uncommon name so not a problem here, but i have seen first.fullmiddle.last often.  
Can you show a tip for Travel Bag as well?
You don't always see possible truth in advertising.  Refreshing.  
His parents must be pretty well off.  Not sure why Fratto had a problem with it, it's pretty nice.  
He may be referring to a story that was on here maybe a half a year ago. Showing that the NSAL spent six figures on a "celebrity spokesperson". The assumption was it was for Beth. 
It could be partially so they don't steal them
Sternology has some old ones, on demand download available.  
Howard's.  You know he has pictures of when his wife banged Stamos.  
Even if they slightly bend, most won't find it bent enough to pay the 50$ deductible.  This must be a cash cow.  
He's said it was 1:1 when this came up previously.  They start all together and then he goes into a private room.  
I use multiple inboxes for the same account.  One is my inbox, one is starred messages, one is all unread.  So as your read a message, it will disappear from this inbox.  You can do this in settings. 
That one wouldn't trend on twitter as much
JD said on the wrap up show that he is sorry to all his followers for not responding but he "didn't want to be the one".  
I can't speak for the show, but judging by JDs closing comments on the Wrap-Up show it sounds like they sent out a note to not say anything via social media until the show Monday.  So, I have to assume she (and her new iPhone 6) got the Email.  
r/movies is pretty serious and active subreddit.  this sub has less than 10K subscribers, there is no influence.  
He posts on here occasionally.  Perhaps he can answer directly who he is. 
Giggity
Whoa. This is Zimmers D. His guys his training. Need to see what happens in second half of the season. 
I was about to say you don't call out Gio on this sub ":3"
I believe they were #1 in 2004 after beating the then 9-0 Cheifs.  They were 4-5 at the time, but it was really just to be fun by Dr. Z.  This was the first Chad *Guarantee* game
know someone with Sirius?  they broadcast all NFL games and they have a mobile app. 
Is Kelly Washington back?
Order online and then fill out this:  https://www.trade-in.vzw.com/home.php5  (Per an online Chat rep)

From our conversation:
* you fill out the form online to receive the packaging to send in your current phones for the gift card. I can send you that link after you place your order (SEE ABOVE). After you actually send in your phones, the gift card will be sent to you.
* you fill out the form on the link I sent to get the packaging for sending in your current phone. You can then send in your current phone by 9-30-2014.  The ship by date was presented to you before you added your phone to your cart.

Comment 5 says no dents (https://community.verizonwireless.com/thread/834176?tstart=0)
Here is where I get some icons for presentations:
* http://www.iconspedia.com
* http://www.flaticon.com
* http://www.iconarchive.com/category/application-icons.html
i have to imagine that i can be more productive if i knew more about arrays 
    Can you talk me out of wanting to switch?

Ehh, goodbye!
No that's how the law works.  Had she died, the handrail would be on trail for murder, not Ray.  No one is talking about how the handrail is getting away with it all.  
It is Joan's final appearance, so if you are one that doesn't like her, this is the last time you need to put up with her at length
I'll never go out of my way to watch it again, but if it's on TV when I am clicking around...  I could see myself watching it through.  
Is it fair to assume that your engagements are short?
Sounds like your "uncle" doesn't know the difference between a hotel and a motel. 
The soundcloud graph really defines the pauses in his speech 
o...k...  thanks.  
What does that mean.  I see in context over and over it is about Gio, but where did it originate?
Majority of items have a markup of at least 40%/unit.  There are some items, very minimal, that are obtained in the .90 - .99 cost/unit but they are purchased with the intent to drive customers in the door to purchase other items.    
7 year member so I probably started here right after the sub was created.  

it has changed in the same way that reddit has over the same period.  I don't need to repeat what is the common consensus already stated... but it's not good, and it's not bad enough to walk away from yet.  
Send it over if you need more input
Why is that unfortunate?  Sometimes simple is fine.  It's just a cake. 
Yes. Additionally I have created a Temp folder where I can pass files back and forth between these computers like a flash drive. 
Used to take/keep the RSA tokens on the same key ring.  But now everyone moved to the mobile apps, so there goes that.  
The Bachelor is on ABC.  Would his NBC contact prevent this?
Still accessible in my downloaded area
Their commercial beaks take up over half my commute. 
I like when robin poked fun at the lack of talent and now can't stop praising it
Really milking this event
But it will never get larger.  If a ring fills up, the oldest ring is removed and put in the hockey hall of fame in toronto. 
Short hours and pays well, please
He mentioned once that he said it to be funny.  That's all I can recall. 
That they have had the least opportunities to get the TD?  No.  You'd assume more chances equals better chance of having the most.  
Hence the divide on him. He'll get you there but you won't stay for long. 
overcommunicate (but be succinct).  set expectations and meet them.  if you can't (and that's OK) communicate early and then set new ones.  
On a 18-month assignment where I WHF. When I travel again in 2-months it's like I hit the reset button. Worth it. 
Maybe he came on too much recently, but I enjoy when Kevin comes on.  
Offer trials to /r/consulting ? Most members do weekly M-F travel. 
> and as a member of /r/consulting I think its our responsibility to provide them valuable information

It's not.  We may be here to add and receive content related to actual consulting not to be guidance counselors.  
How are gay people and cosplayers related?  Nonetheless, you get why it's funny right?  You can't laugh at yourself a little?  If its your hobby, that's cool, nothing *wrong* with it, do whatever you want, but its still a little silly.  
Anyone have clips/links to the two characters Howard and Robin used to do -- Ray and Bob -- I know I got the names wrong, but perhaps someone else knows

Found one -- Bob and Ray -- [Bob and Ray | 1991](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csWwSiPS7gk&index=5&list=WL)
Pretty sure if you ask our Sales guys we do. 
I worked at a dollar store. Many times people would pay for their items in exact amounts and quickly leave. Food, such as the $2 worth they bought, is not taxed so they'd give me two bills and leave. I did occasionally use it for lunch money. 
OK whatever, neither are 500 lbs.  We're both thinking his vague description is someone else.  Lets carry on. 
I thought he might have meant the Hound 

http://assets-s3.rollingstone.com/assets/images/story/game-of-thrones-q-a-rory-mccann-on-the-hound-and-season-four-20140407/1000x600/mccann-600-1396892188.jpg
I have been wanting a Pause like feature for a while.  Thanks for this as an inclusion.  
Instead, can you join a Social Media consulting firm, build a rep, a network, contacts and then branch out on your own from there (note the employee contract you sign)?

I am cautious of the advice you will get here.  This subreddit is not your free sounding board but in many ways your competition.  The question you are asking make it seem like you are very green and as a result are not in a position to begin on your own.  Learn the ropes first.  
The year they drafted Braylon Edwards was also supposed to be a cornerstone year  to make them a legitimate team for years to come.  Didn't quite work out like that.  I also think that 27 is rationale.   
I like ETM and "You've said it all".  The latter, to me, means he is bored of the interview.  

To add mine: Fred in his female-to-male voice
Ultimately this is your decision.  Anyone's experience here is irrelevant.  Are you willing to put in 15-18 hour days for some extra cash without burning out?  Will the extra income cause you to not have personal experiences (time with friends, travel) that you would feel regretful for missing?  Only you can decide how much your time is worth. 
Reddit did not always have subs
Not fun games to watch either 
Omg.  You don't have to agree with every opinion and action some one makes to listen to them.  What do you expect -- picketing?  Who the fuck really cares?
No
Everyone's cousin is an insider in this sub reddit
I recall that as well but I thought it was 500,000.  
Why potentially get your cousin in trouble for some kudus on an internet site?
Our windows are builder basic. Water heater is a good name but 10 years old so nothing magical there. The owners must be using emergency heat on the system or you are looking at huge houses (congrats!).

I am sure at some point our auxiliary was triggered but not by us. We just set it and leave it. My understanding is (with heat pumps) it does not help to lower the setting when you are away and raise when you get home. They work best if you don't touch it. 
I am also all electric so no gas stove. So electric bill also considers all cooking, etc. 
The peak of the winter our bill was about $480. Single, 3200 sq ft, 2 zone. Kept it at 67 all day/night. Usual winter months is 350-400. Summer is less topping at 300 on a rough month (74-75 temp). I don't know the kWt as I just look at the $$$. If I get a bill in the next few days I'll post more details.  Prior interior townhouse (1600 sq ft) didn't top 300 on a winter month.  We never really trigger the aux which is where real cost can happen. 
 
I do in both houses I have owned in bucks. Never had gas so I can't compare. If you have a specific question maybe I can help. 
It's not that bad.  If you didn't think about it it feels just like 27. Just with some kids and a bigger house to take care of. No nightly trips to the bars but you'll get tired of it anyway. 
meh
Kick the extra point
It's also no one cares. It's not special or interesting. It was a waste of my time so I return the favor by wasting yours with an equally useless response. 
Should I upgrade?
Synapse
Wasn't this game played in Denmark?
Counting crows, friend of the devil
i follow him, and others.  never favorited a single tweet by anyone and probably never will.  
yes, X is still hanging out in the corner
Hester:  Have you seen my 2009 highlight reel?
Not like they can't fire him.  Now at least there isn't discussions during a playoff push.  Or, rumors of him interviewing after the season.  
Spent a few minutes trying to "close it" myself today
Google docs used to convert my MS files.  Does this happen in Drive?
Does YP steal content, and can Users upload, in the same fashion as YouTube works?  I alway assumed the sites lent the content (usually clips) in exchange for advertisements and banners with a "click her for the full movie" or "more in the catalog here".  
Wack.  Short for Wacky.  
I'll add the ones I need to the contact list (manual) and toss the rest
Just because he owns it doesn't mean they do not direct or indirectly pay. 
Billy Joel is one of my top ones in recent memory. 
Can you ask how they got clearance to play?  I've always been curious how they approach it. Call immediately after or wait a while (let them call down if they were just yelling). Also if it was Howard ad saying he'd play it in the show. 
...and?
Pretty sure that player wouldn't see the field again.  That's taking a big risk for a small reward.  40 yarders are doable; but so are goal line stands.  
I'd like to see rugby-like to where you kick from the line of scrimmage where the play of touchdown occurred.  Or 40 yard line, whichever is closer  (if you're going to change anything, that is).
Agreed.  This would like great on the field, but terrible on the fan.  
good functions to know:  vlookup, if, countif, conditional formatting, left/right/mid, iserror, charting
Who dey!
Just checked and it's good for me.  Good luck. 
That days show is usually up by 1 p.m. ET 
2 comes before 1
$25/6 months.  Been this way for 3 years or so.  After 6 months, they try and bill me full, but I cancel.  Then get a flyer in the mail for free reactivation and $25/6 months. 
At least Jon wrote about a subject, and not himself.  Lisa has nothing interesting to write an autobiography about.
I have never paid after the initial training.  But thats just me.  Was never asked for more money or tried to be sold additional items/services to.  
But everyone left the party
Can't but I hope its available for download on the mobile app
I wouldn't recommend hanging out with the client.  More harm can be done than good. 
A lot of people like skyline pictures
What is beautiful about this data?
Forgot to turn it off because I wanted offense
Who paid you?  A single entity or all the companies individually?  Because I get all my income from a single employer, I cannot do anything fancy in taxes regardless where I preform the service. 
This won't be open to the public. Employees are typically a little more reserved. 
Manning, Brees, and Brady won't be fun
Does it have a aux jack? Plug in your phone to listen. 
So is a Falcon an actual bird?
At this time we hate each equally.  Head over to /r/bengals, Dalton isn't exactly fan favorite.  
I thought I heard today or yesterday they have already been selected and if you won you would have received a call from a Sirius rep. 
> and at least he threw 1 TD in the post season

Let's throw him a parade
While I do not disagree, the defense generated zero to counter.  The D needed to win this game. We all knew that. 
Stop saying Zimmer to HC. He doesn't get the D up for these playoff games either. 
23 years now without a playoff win. Allow people to vent. Sorry if we don't all think shit smells pretty. 
Yup. Look forward to another great playoff run. 
Was that O Line problems too?
All of a sudden he thinks he is Randall Cunningham. 
Does that only apply to scoring plays?  I remember something about that rule is weird and limited to certain situations.  
You know you only agreed to write good things about your own team.  A bet is a bet.  
If you don't have a team that can win a single playoff game in 10 years... then what do you have that you want to keep up?
Two small market teams means hello Saturday at 4:15. 
First time since 2005 I am confident going into a playoff game. I didn't feel good with how some of the other runs ended their regular season. 
Bills fan, checking in
Not to mention buffalo. 
Pitt to start kneeling. Go chargers. 
Really?
Inspiring defensive series
Alot of people have been down voted for worse 
Presumably you used a credit card.  You can call your credit card and dispute the charges.  They will credit you the money while they open a claim.  You will be sent a affidavit to sign whereas you can communicate why the charge is not appropriate.  They will then work to resolve the issue.   
Great tip.  What is the syntax in the subject line that indicates it is an MMS?
I love when fans of successful teams complain.  How was that playoff win recently?  
Bengals fan here.  Looks awesome.  Enjoyed a good laugh.  
Especially when this information will soon be public knowledge (hcp transparency).  It will be very easy to see if GSK is keeping up with this statement.  
Dixie chicks 
I think he did it right. Everyone is average and then you add or subtract from there. You can't "really like" everyone. Should be a bell curve. IMO. That's how I did this. 
they also alert you if you forgot an attachment!  did you ever see that?
I agree. You cannot "really like" everyone. It's just not logical. 5 should have been the norm and you add or remove from that. 
Time for AD to step up
Now it overly aggressive? I thought they can't hear the whistle and you finish, Dan
Are they going into the wind? (I recognize they need a TD; I am assuming they get one and have a chance to avoid OT/safety)
A three plug power strip. Small enough not to add bulk or weight to your daily bag; good enough to use in O'Hare when you find one of the three outlets in the entire place. 
The NFL has 31 losers every year
Offense and goal tending is a pretty good combination.  So is Offense and Defense.  This 'Pick 2' (Cheap, Fast, Good) isn't working. 
You don't know what airplane mode does. It is still very much relevant. 
A local writer is selected before the game to pick the stars. Organization has nothing to do with it. 
You take that back whore
Everyone but Gio deserves a shot. 
Fuck
Gio?
Tails
Stand big D
Use all the clocks. 
I didn't see anything either. 
They don't have the tracker like espn. Being dramatic. 
Happy. Sad. Worried. Sadder. Angry. Hopeful. Now amazed. 
Zebras didn't throw the picks. Also, spot on 4th down was generous. 
That's all he does. Holds and offsides. 
Agreed
The battle of the wives was posted earlier 
Rubber ring got in the way 
Is there a method to the return man between Jones or Tate?
It appears to be twitter links which fred does not have
I tried but could not stick with it.  Had to switch over. 
He would have been out of bounds and the play whistled dead
He wasn't touched and he wasn't giving himself up
Awesome
You can link your corp Amex to a personal Amex for points. Will set you back 75/year. Not every phone rep is aware of this though. I don't have the program name else is share it. 
You're kidding, right?
But from their side, unless you are Mr. Industry Leader, you don't want to make it cost prohibitable for them to use you.  They might find someone else more willing to come to the middle of nowhere.  If you have missed opportunity costs, than perhaps you could just take those other clients on. 
To recall the ones I can name: TJ Yates (playoffs), Derick Anderson (his first full game in his comeback season), Sean Hill
7 years in and 8 total bench hours.  You're as unlucky as me. 
I trust Andy on this one. He knows what an incompletion is. 
They were good TO to take though with the field position at the time. Trust me, I piss on Marvin every chance I get. 
Philadelphia 
Up votes for everyone!
Get Sirius and their mobile app; you can probably cancel on Monday. They have all the games an broadcast the home stations for each team. 
1 resource, no it won't move numbers.  All their subcontractors however is a different story.  Its volume.  There are many reasons why you would use subcontractors over internal resources, but to say that you will bring them on with no margin (and the risk plus admin overhead that comes with it) shows lack of experience. 
> they aren't trying to make money

yes, they are.  they always are.  


In my experience, margin will need to be at least 30% on subcontractors.  
In PA, you can renew and pay online but you need to go in person wi your camera card for an updated picture and to receive the updated license
Criminals 
I know why it happens. My MS exchange account forces a passcode and lock. I imagine that others don't have the same forced settings. 
Agreed here too. I like bowling a lot and find his comments funny. 
OK.  Well I do on a daily basis, so I am not sure what to say.  I join a bridge, put on mute, and after some time the phone will eventually lock and in order to unmute/access the phone I need to unlock.  
No, but after you have been on the call for a while the passcode will eventually be required.  Especially annoying after you put yourself on Mute and others are waiting for your response.  
I am having the same issue.  I am also seeing incoming calls are not always redirected to my phone.  Usually I saw it hit my Gmail first, and waited a ring before it hit my cell to pick it up there.  Now it only rings Gmail.

Edit:  This comment prompted me to check my redirect on Google Voice and it was unchecked.
Anywhere you haven't been
It may be easier to involve a legitimate moving company.  They deal with the overhead and hire you for the one time job.  They will take a small percentage which you can negotiate with them, and you will do the work, but you don't have to deal with the paperwork.  
It's no longer required to take off headsets/ear buds.  They may ask you if it is off, but just nod Yes when there lips stop moving. 
Lines often change mid-game, depending on performance, match-ups, and situations 
Not providing much of where you are so here are two options

1. From E-mail:  Click down arrow and select "Add [xyz] to Contact List"
2. Directly from Contacts:  Click icon [Person+] and Type Name, Click Add
In this example, you should only need an MSA (legal terms) and an SOW (business terms/activities).  You don't need an NDA because you have already disclosed information to them (albeit unprotected) and the confidential language within the MSA will superceed the NDAs anyway.  Going forward you should sign an NDA before presenting unless your information is publicly available or not your content.  

From an MSA perspective:  request their paper and redline what you can't agree too, or would like to see changed (e.g., payment terms).  Chances are you are a small fish to them and you won't get to change much.  If you plan to expand you may want to run your new MSA through an external law firm and have them work with it to turn it into "your paper" for your next opportunity.  

From a SOW:  You should develop this since you are delivering the work and you will want control the content (since it may be picked apart word by word if something goes sour); there are templates available online.  
verizon iphone 4, so on 3g.  never had an issue with cell reception or data from large cities (LAX) to small cities (AZO)
Didn't come up in Cincinnati much with Rudi and even with Jerami as the fullback. 
Sure, who wouldn't.  I would.  Want and deserve are different though; sadly for Andre... and me.
I would like to try
Congrats.  I am glad this wasn't thanking google about reminding you if you needed to include an attachment.
Please do
4 inches is fine
If you are both a freelancer and business owner how can you not be this guy?
>jersey for a kicker/punter/long snapper/other less popular position

In Philadelphia, Jersey's of obscure players are a hit.  It's like going to comic con and dressing as some background star wars character.  
Understand the market rate and compare from there if you are above or below, and/or if you need it or not.
PM a way how.  I have a long flight tomorrow with WiFi.  Maybe IM?
I can't confirm as I have seen the opposite.

Expanding technical knowledge is often achievable to stay relevant for upcoming projects.  Building a case to learn the latest XYZ can be done if you can align it to an opportunity (i.e., they just build the cost into margins).  Or they will throw you into the opportunity directly where you get to learn by swimming.  Just align yourself to an organization that does the technical services you know, or what to know. 

An advantage of consulting is the ability to network, build a relationship with your client, and then use that relationship to leverage personal opportunities.  Many companies do groom internally, but if they see you and believe in your work, you're just as in as if you worked there for 10 years.  While your employee agreement may not allow that to happen, your firm will let you go.  For one, a unhappy consultant is a flight risk anyway and additionally, now they have a friend on the inside to help steer future work or provide some intel.  
I work for a boutique start-up that focuses on a niche technology space.  Our services range from strategy to implementations.  Our implementations can be technical in nature and we do have solutions architects and engineers (though more of the former).  We do not solve "technical challenges" but business and process challenges with technology.  If I can be of help, let me know (Note:  I am not technical, but I manage resources that are).
Who dey brother. 
This is probably just emotions. But Andy does not seem like the answer. 
Haven't heard from them since the introductions 
Sad but true. A few minutes left of unfaded flair left for me. 
Not a lot of up voting here. It's the playoffs. Who dey!
Any chance they can cover a TE?
If only we had an elite receiver to throw to
Gresham can't catch with two hands let alone one
Wanted a late hit call
Now he hits a FG in the playoffs?
Try hipmunk.com next time.  Less ads and a more attractive UI, especially with a time display of available flights. 
Sandra Bernhard
GOOD LUCK PITTSBURGH!  
D is playing well. To far to kick. Punt would most likely end in the end zone. I liked the call. 
"What's that, Challenge?  OK" Marvin
Not sure how this is google related; or how you find it easy.  But I do enjoy it myself.  
And you can link corporate Amex with personal Amex (such as the SPG car mentioned) for a small yearly fee 
If Howard responds, he will most likely point to the recent super-storm where he was in studio (and if I recall Opie was not) 
Is it time for Marvin to abandon the run game?
Cancel/don't renew.  Wait about two weeks until you are offered a promo.  Including internet I pay about $11/month for 6 months.  After the 6 months are up I repeat and offered the same deal. 
I use a Brenthaven that has a separate X-ray friendly compartment for a laptop.  I would recommend to stay away from rollers.  Because if you can roll it, you'll fill it with a bunch of useless papers and random material.  If you need to carry it, you'll be a lot lighter.  
(TD chargers. Leading Pitt 10-0)
Alternatives. Twice a season. 
Is O&A free for XM listeners and a premium for Sirius; and via versa?
Additionally, even with the TD the raiders offense is nothing but inept and couldn't get the additional points needed. You can only run a screen so many times. 
"I guess"? It was before and will be a legitimate win. 
I was sorry until you take it out on the QB
Not cool raiders
Lets go ahead and tackle Reese now. 
Poor challenge, Marvin
Good throw CP
Eh, I'll take the win
no victory in moral victories 
This new thread is our rally cap
Well at least our offense gets to start off the second half
While I agree, a loss is a loss.  Wouldn't feel like a "win" if we lose.  What would we have them post - a picture of the Bengals celebrating a FG?  
It is hard to provide specifics where there are so many variables that need to be considered.  Here are some key differentiators:  Cost, Hosting model (on-site, SAAS), Functionality required (lifecycle or document assembly), Number of users/contracts (scalability and performance can become Implementation stoppers!), & ability for your organization to accept change.  
CP just had a great second half to help
Go Bengals
I enjoyed this game much more during halftime. 
But Carson loved that play
Sorry. Missed the comment assumed it was about the Cincinnati turnaround. Presumably it was about his work on your d. 
Only ten but I am ready to move on without a playoff win
Crosby tried his best for that title
Comment well timed
Well he would not have been playing in the play that got him hurt then.
I admit, he had me fooled thinking he was different. 
You forgot to break that up into 7 different posts
Additionally, you can use it outside the US (over wifi) to get free calls without an international data plan when traveling. 
Instapaper if any left. Thanks. 
Big fish. "man of the hour" by pearl jam
Wifi + google voice + talkatone= free calls from anywhere 
Well my source is really the same as yours -- mere speculation based on his minor and unsubstantial comments.  I work in contracts, so I have a little experience in how they work and based on what he is saying I believe this way.  I don't have access to validate this.  But if he negotiated it once, I would find it a fair assumption that he would want to continue to profit as/if Sirius grows.  

Based on his anxiety on how AGT is aired, and communication of the schedule, I think he has similar deal there based on ratings.  So I'm drawing a parallel that it's a standard in his contracts. 
He can still be directly compensated for hitting subscriber escalator clauses in his contract.  He only lost the ruling where he believed that he has already hit them.  
As long as her boyfriend comes with her, she can be on the show all day.  I love his honesty. 
Fine.  I'll take it any way I can get it. 
Nice concept but more than 2/day will start to clutter a feed and feel like work to read
IMO drop the data sharing. I don't want to know you are peaking at my files. 
Knock knock was a flyers thing. Please stop. 
The downvotes are most likely do to the anti-artie comment
keep the faith brothas.  they can come back from 3-1.  win one and its 3-2.  then tie it up.  also, i'm drunk.
F you mikestraussjr. *clap clap clapclapclap* f you mikestraussjr *clap clap clapclapclap*
You want to see that fired up passion. 
Upvotes for everyone!!
Suck it Crosby 
He already sold his game, so boycotting now won't do much.  Sure he works for them, but that's most likely because he has a non-compete so he might as well get paid for the next two years before he is allowed to make new start-ups. 
I don't see the value in the trade.  I'm not in touch with college though to know if 2013 is a great draft.  Would have like to see a OL pick-up in the first.  But again, no clue on the prospects.  
sent a PM.  
Any pictures of the White?  I'm hoping the orange bar on the back was removed
With no review this looks like spam
my team?
You forgot Nate Webster. What a joke that was. 
babywipes
Woot!!!
Sounds nice but what percentage of real life implementations just end up mashing analyze and design into one large clusterf
Best practice may be to create an upload folder (like a staging folder), click upload, then move it to your usual folder(s).  I haven't found any negatives to that approach yet.  Songs remain in my library and do not automatically re-upload.  
Question 1. This is where the team started possession. In the event of a penalty against them, this is the where the yards will be taken from. So if they catch at the 19 and incur a 10 yard penalty, it's first and ten from the 9. 

Question 2. This means he wants them to get a huddle. Often used by teams who do a lot of no huddle offense. 
He was the most religious player before Tebow.  Always made references to Go in postgame interviews and even fined once for wearing a hat with a cross on it.  
Thanks!  I think i'll listen now rather than Attell repeat.  Nothing against Attell, but I don't see how AGT should have been talked about so long during it...
Just missing two red flags on the ground and he nailed it. 
His miss tackle on Foster doesn't help. Not taking it out on you, just upset like everyone else here 
We do NOT have the coaching. Every damn big game they fall short. 
Obligatory "Fire Marvin". But good season by everyone else. 
Can Marvin be fired now or do they need to wait until later? What's proper protocol?
I AM NOT USED TO THIS.  WHAT DO I TYPE?
I can predict that on Sunday you'll wake up very surprised of what you missed on Saturday.    
Give me a playoff win tomorrow then I'll start to be concerned about the coaching staff leaving.  A little callous of a comment, yes.  But Cincinnati has not been well prepared for big games this year.  Just happen they made it?  I've stopped believing in moral victories.  
After one year in the big leagues?  Man, Zimmer should get the nod before Gruden. 
I vote no.  If we win the first playoff game after 20+ years, I want a picture of AJ Green who caught a ball for a long score, or Dalton throwing.  I'd be more pumped going into round 2 to see that then a Texan, even JJ, down. 

edit: I realize now how this comment is stupid.  We obviously can pick the r/bengal picture if cincy wins to be a joyus bengal. Carry-on. 
Please keep as is.  This is one of the only subreddits not watered down with trivial meme posts.  I enjoy it a lot.  
don't make the playoffs often.  kinda ruins the festivities here. 
It's funny because Howard knows his intention.  He loves playing those clips where people pick him over Hilter as the worst person.
Great insight!
I agree.  I believe that its difficult at first glance to compare sizes if they are not directly next to one another.  Take for example Miami and Oakland, you don't know right away if Oakland is a little larger or the same size.
thanks.. arizona?
should have lost him a long time ago
andy is better than that.  come on.
that will take the attention off of nugent for a while
you fucking kidding me?
Not guilty.  Whatever she did, I vote not guilty on account of hotness. 
I am sorry I gave the author another page view. 
Many times I am informed on a Friday where I need to book a plane ticket for the following Monday, and I'm sent paperwork and piss-test instructions (if needed) to complete that day.  So yeah, you get an hour or so notice. 

edit: Industries i've worked in are Life Science, Business markets, and Financial.   
This is important.  Each new client may require it, in the past 3 years I have had 7 clients and tested about 5 times.  
But, in the grand scheme of entertainment, Piers is a nobody.  
Originally, I did not read what subreddit this was posted to and knowing Reddit I thought it was anti-TSA.  Happy to see it wasn't.   
Should we have a Ferrall discussion thread?  Haha, j/k he's horrible. 
Here is an article discussing how both Google Voice and their competitors (e.g., freeconferencecall.com) make money:  http://www.nytimes.com/2009/11/01/business/01digi.html
The picture looks like he is wondering why he hasn't been fired yet
don't worry, Marvin's job is safe so same shit then too
Well said. He did not prepare the offense, defense, or special teams for Pitt but claims this is the "biggest" game?  Andy saved his job this season. 
>So does this mean we are finally getting respect as legitimate AFC contenders? 

Not until Cincinnati beats Pittsburgh.  And I kind of agree.  You need to consistently win to be legitimate.  A win against Yates won't prove anything.

Least favorite is the cougar. And the amount of times he hits the button for the cougar in succession. 
I have tried several myself, and found the best to be todo (http://www.appigo.com/todo).  It is a little pricey, but the app and desktop are extraordinary tools.  This does have the ability to break out into different lists, as you requested.
Do you think Howard has to have Sirius DJs or hosts on x times a quarter?  I know of Sirius does well he financially benefits, but that aside, do you think he has to?
I DON'T KNOW HOW TO FEEL
good call aligned with the rule.  bad rule. 
umm, good run... Cam?
which wasn't his fault?  the one he threw directly to the defense or the other one he threw directly to the defense?
we still like him
carson against pittsburgh in a playoff game? poor carson. 
i am ready to give up on caldwell
they both walked it off so i think it would be OK
49ers did too
why not favorite app or something a little more individualized. 
Raiders now. Good luck CP. 
This explains my outterbox defender case for my Verizon iPhone.  I always wondered why the mute button is not centered.  It's usable although looked like a flaw in detail. 
Right.  It was $5 for 3 nights for new releases; or something to that structure but never $5/1 night.  Hollywood Video also returned $1 to you if you returned it within 24 hours.  
BECOME A BENGALS FAN
my list:  fuck everything about, shit like this, [fixed], redditor, scumbag, trollface, rage, fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu, mindblown, Y U No, upvote if, upboat, herp, derp, forever alone, forever-alone, fuck you, if you do this, Scumbag, Scum-bag, like a boss, cat
Nice, memes are starting to come!  /s
it's not that cryptic.  you done good. 

How does it support eliminating waste?  You'd assume that the guests who take the towels use them at home so it's just transferring property from one spot to the other.  What does it reduce?
i don't mind this, but i don't like how they pass it off as a method to eliminate waste and go green; why not just say it what it is: increase in operational costs

edit:  allow me to continue the half thought, it's a result of increases in operational costs, not an effort to reduce waste.  my original wording was poor.
Wait for all the "should I upgrade" posts. 
This was part of their superbowl ad: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnsSUqgkDwU
Agreed.  Breuer has nothing interesting and new going on.  I'd like to hear a segment with him where Goat boy is not brought up.  Let us move on with newer material
But that gets in the way of the screen. 
i too would like huber's #10, black though if possible. 
"we speak your name" please
He did say that once but I use todo (great btw) and it's not how he described it. I believe he said the name later to be iCal or something... I recommend todo though but it's costly with the yearly fee. 
downvote is steelers logo =)
being critical to stimulate ideas... i'd like to see the top links (what's hot, etc) a little smaller and thinner. also, i like the leaping tiger more than the B.  

appreciate the effort 
You may consider finding a place in a practice that has a focus on Change Management, your experience may translate well there.  
you're missing so many:  fuck everything about, shit like this, [fixed], redditor, scumbag, trollface, rage, fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu, mindblown, Y U No, upvote if, upboat, herp, derp, forever alone, forever-alone, fuck you, if you do this, Scumbag, Scum-bag, like a boss, cat
Do you speak "jk" or does it translate "just kidding" shorthand?
Weeks 1-17
it's not from *the town?*
but they reseed
I also have invites if anybody is still interested. PM me your email.

edit1: like others have noted, please send me your e-mail address when requesting. 
edit2: still have more to give out, but i won't be able to do it until 7/12.  so if you can wait, PM me your e-mail. 
Usually it's done by a fan club.  I do not know if that makes it better but a little less self promoting. 
Redeemed, thanks!
I used 4F6RRKAEAEL9, thanks. 
Does it support/allow for multiple sound profiles?
"playoff win..." Hmm, I should know what this means, but I can't quite put my finger on it.
Agreed. But half the price at amazon. 
My friend Rob's new wife can do that. 
why cant i downvote this
Bratkowski isn't aware that you can create playbooks in the NFL.  So, we really can't blame Chad for that. 
how has he been a distraction?
April Fools?
I miss Primetime, always thought that it was a great recap of the games with enough detail and excitement. 
between Pittsburgh and Baltimore, Cincinnati see's this play (or a WR pass) 5 times a year but can never stop it... 
he doesn't have a job, so its possible he's free on Sunday to interview somewhere..
and if they play in the rain and my car hydroplanes on the way home, i have a case here?
can you create a new password?  or is this pw shared amongst other logins?
does he still do that horrific dance?  embarrassing to watch. 

edit:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xMuvjLcuvTI&feature=player_detailpage#t=13s
with no TO, chad, benson, marvin lewis... losing palmer is too much talent and leadership change in one season.  But yes, Mike Brown might wake up and think why not.  
'talk', referring to not taking a pay cut?  outside of financials, i do hope he stays.  
*sigh* yeah
There is a slight difference.  The $2.72 is the price per gallon that the car can hold.  If the car has a 14 gallon tank they charge you 2.72 x 14 ($38).  Regardless if you bring it back 1/2 or 3/4 full, you still pay for the fuel that you did not use.  On the other hand, the $9.49 option is only for the fuel that you have used.  So if you only used 3 gallons, it makes a better deal to select the 2nd option than the first ($28).  
As a fan of this team, I was eager to see him sprint back to formation so that the offensive line would have allowed a third sack in a row at such a critical point. 
If you have watched you'd know that although he's not a poster child for hard work and 'giving it 110%', he has earned his paycheck.  Not so much just for numbers but for the effort overall.  He has taken 2-3 plays off the season, and while this may be unacceptable, its not anything that justifies such talk.  And most of his numbers (in relation to Cincinnati's season that is), are not in garbage time - such as 2 TDs in Pittsburgh's comeback effort, 1 to start the game in Tampa Bay, 1 to tie in Cleveland, 2 lead changing TDs in Miami.  
please watch games before commenting.  
and don't use the excuse you provided that the car handles poorly.  if you are driving on the road, you're expected to be able to operate the car appropriately.
please add
E as in eye
Follow up question, why did you draft two defenses?
i read this clearly and i don't get it.  why not just get the large?  throw the rest out if you don't want it or throw it in the fridge and save it for later.  why pay more for less?

if you feel bad about wasting, ask to be charged for a large but provided a medium.  McDonalds is not hurting for cash... they don't need your charity.
poor sportsmanship.  yeah he scored, shame on green.  but this is the type of goal you'd want to score?  sad.
reddit officially is now lame 
Eric Schmidt should be at the end of the quotation 
can i have the wack-a-mole they owned?
please reread.  you may have missed it.  
plenty of space available - https://www.dropbox.com/referrals/NTU4MTUxNTU5
Brand new account https://www.dropbox.com/referrals/NTU4MTUxNTU5 
No shoes and belt.  They actually ask (in IND) to remove everything, including all papers, from your pockets.
i'm way too old for this site
screen cap: [spoiler](/s"http://lostpedia.wikia.com/wiki/File:Wallace3.jpg")
i don't want the beeper to go off.  as i find it disruptive personally, i want to be cognizant of the people working around me who may find it equally disruptive. 
i wonder if many Ctrl+F "your" to see if they can point out an incorrect usage. 
if i didn't see it the first time, as a reader, i wouldn't know to search for it.
f jackie