See! I even can see her on top 3. Idk maybe its her charisma. Im gagged
Thank you sis ❤️ lots of love to you as well 
I really can relate to her bcs i, inside have such low confidence that makes me start thinkin that i don’t deserve anything good. The feeling that hating myself and don’t believe in myself that i deserve and capable of doing anything. Im happy i picked my flair
PURE ART
I didnt read ANY s10 spoilers

And to be honest i didnt expect to see mayhem to go this fast. In my mind, she’s one of the most polished queen of the season

But then again i think maybe its true that she’s not as Big as the other girls. And her fashion is probably sometimes out of date. I wish the best for her
Talented: bianca bob ivywinters ginger bendela
Favorite: bianca max ivy valentina bendela
Team up with TKB
If they put Aja in the bottom for bad reference explanation then why they saved monique ass? I mean, the album was just released couple years ago

Jk dont take it personal twinks
Of season 10? Sorry Milk but this is my trade of all season. 
All aquaria’s looks are my taste
This
On serious note please someone convince me that was Ru bcs (for me) she looked so white in that episode
Miss congeniality 
From the beginning i decided to put my season 10 flair, i directly put miz cracker, never changed it ever since.

Is it enough or i have to make complete narrative about how and why and when i picked my flair?
I took my flair after 2nd episode bcs i wasnt sure who to pick. 
What loss? 
No. The race is all that matters for me. I said for me. Sorry i dont follow lot of girls after or before race

Thats why i said ‘or we just haven’t seen it’

Or may be i havent seen
Thanks buts still too dumb to differentiate vague and fake lol
Omg pardon this stupid asian bish. Yes youre right sorry i dont speak English 
Disagree sorry i love him
I kinda think they will keep vixen at least until top 5, i mean they kept derrick and vixen drag is actually pretty good

Im not team blair but i really want her to win now. I mean she’s incredibly talented and she’s young. I know we have tyra and violet but both winnings (controversially, and I disagree) were questionable. I want blair to represent the youth drag. Or eureka. I want some diversity in winner circle 
I don’t necessarily agree but i love analytical response thanks!
Yuhua on 2nd place i could not believe it. (I mean im happy to see it)

THANKS boo
She aint lying. I mean, Dela gave it to her intentionally so it was hers
NO TOO FAKE

thats the current one my brain is tired cant remember old ones
Can you spoil me the current list please
Omg i almost picked yuhua (or eureka) but I swear to God i picked cracker from the beginning. 

I swear to god
6 as2

And s3
So monique is 5th runner up?

JK 
You got mine boo. Im asian
Monet reminds me a lot of bob (sue me) but either less talented or we just haven’t seen it
Same i was so focus on as3 so i skip this season spoilers. I feel like Blair is really doing great and i think she’s my most favorite addition of the winner circle 
Dusty is the hottest among all s10 man
I love season 8. I love the girls and the challenges. It’s just not a season i will ruwatch constantly because

* too predictable winner
* rupaul’s best friend race (the drama didnt seem genuine at all)
* only 12 girls. With double elimination and questionable returning queen. Sue me
Why eureka placed so low on the next episode prediction?
Im so distracted by her majestic nose 
My tickle bone feels very attacked 
She reminds me of one antm girl 
I was really dont care for her but now she’s my savior
I love Yuhua!!!
The trinity taylor of the season
Omg i love you sis 😂😂😂🤣
I hope i can be as rich as you so i dont have to sell my old phone to get the new one
Hi there cutie
Come on old school antm. Tyra will save this gurl till at least top 6 to make the show hilarious no matter how terrible their pictures are. She’s always kinda be like ‘but i like this picture tho’
I need this for my phone wallpaper 
The book represents Max as All Stars 5 winner
Shangela
 Or it can be farrah moan

This is art, still
Dead
She starts taking classes for something, AS4 confirmed
Thankyou for cracking my face mask
These all ideas of new AS format keep getting complicated, and give me headache
Duffy Swan.

My name is dafi (read like duffy) and im being called duffy duck for years
I cant remember
Is michelle tryin to take over Ru’s place like she took over merle’s

JK 
Sue me
Tag yourself im the lady in blue on right
Yes. Sorry
My favorite morning news anchor tbh
Well there’s nothing for her to fix to begin with tbh. 

And you compare her mug to aja’s old mug

Thith......
Dela’s lip-sync ability  i never knew she had in her sleeves tbh
Then the finale comes and the crown queen is?
5 challenges win
5 challenges win
This is my kind of hall of fame.
I do. Because im lonely
Actually it’s villaintina & lord dela.
On serious note i don’t necessarily see the hate for her like i saw for roxxxy or phip or tyra. Or the less extreme, current hate of milk, or alaska of as 2. No. It’s just. This sub kinda, discredit **her time on race**. Like, some people keep saying dela is the real top 4 not derriene. Or some bunch of people joking about Shea is the real winner. There’s blatant difference between hating and kinda discrediting someone
2 out of 4 are my all time favorite 
This what if question, You just want her to win. Dont worry she already did
I dont hate pearl

I hate her for being on top 3

Im being real, im shangela, i keep it real
My winner
I think she wore part of it on after elimination video on youtube
I tried to put infamous gurl take it easy gif by alaska and i failed

On serious note i respect her decision 100% and beyond. But this is my art. I cant change it for anyone
Ok wow your profile pic (2)
Im glad toxic said this. 
Max instead of Mariah and im good.

Trinity can win as5
Just say Trixie. (1)
Omg i hope i was as talented as you 
Unpopular opinion but trixie’s look didnt do anything for me. It’s predictable basic trixie. 

Sue me
Exactly 
Unpopular opinion but trixie’s look didnt do anything for me. It’s predictable basic trixie. 

Sue me
Blair is kind of twink i like
Those nipples 

I cant say nipples?
As interesting as it could be, Im not either. 
Im a huge robin fan and im agree with this, in term of creativity of exploring her ability 
Sometimes i wonder is it possible that the production team paid naivesmalls to spread false rumors. Not 100% false. But the core ones. To make it believable (okay i used jinkx perfume too much this morning)
Haters may hate. #realwinner 
Ginger is asian?
Too much T in this thread 
Are you indonesian?
This is really disgusting. Go outside. Go walk children in nature. Its just a tv show
That poster looks.... good
Is that Ru eliminating my favorite every season?
I agree actually 
For most moaning on Tv herstory
People seemed to cant enjoy joke anymore
Im okay with it. They dont have to educate me all the time
Violet chachki
Did she lose some weight?
Start putting Drag king like antm boys & girls
This is pure art
Vivacious
Supermodel
Now with the filters

JK
⁉️sasha velour

Jk
 I love some smart joke or im just too dumb
I look pretty good for a dead bitch

Best AS entrance for me. 
Sue me
Yas kpop
Toddrick on as2
Iyewwwwwwww
Slay bitch slay
[what? who?](https://i.imgflip.com/17j3gt.jpg) 
Are you sure its not Valentina?


OMG JUST KIDDING I LOVE MY VAL
Cucu
Drink bleach
Choices
Your tone seems very pointed right now
Where the f is my tit?
The editing itself makes me out of breath 
I personally hate it bcs of thorgy. I dont hate thorgy in generan tho
2 of my all time favorite queens!!!
Oh jesus, gross
This pose and smile. Are really not robin at all or its just me. Happy birthday my most fave OP character!
Jessica Wild
She’s the most congenial 

Who wasnt part of top 3

Of season 5

Oh. And im a huge fan of her
Yes

Just Not me
Beyonce 
Im a huge antm fan and my friends started to introduce me to this drag spin off of the show, MORE DRAMA he said. Im not disappointed 
I love carson’s outfit. Thanks for inspire me
Tyra sanchez
Thank you for educating me sister!
That dick pad is sadder than dax! square padding.

But im still gonna give head
[i dont know Celine,](https://www.out.com/sites/out.com/files/2015/03/17/tumblr_nld8xkFLWp1qiohboo10_500.gif), i know her songs, not herself. I genuinely ask you guys is she really tammie brown-ish like this in person?
Now, run devil run & party!
This mv brought me to kpop and i never find the way out
If courtney wasn’t invited for next Allstars......
Idk but i just really wanna see cheech and kennedy to slay, like how i know they could
Oh jesus, gross
I agree she didnt do the best

But i also agree that she got the worst material to workin with
To be fair, i kinda agree that her lines were not funny at all. I mean, when you have something like they did for mariah 

Poor girl
Bendelacreme. 
Aja 1st runner up
The new princess disastah looks like cute starter pokemon next to her final evolution form
All hail the new glamour toad omg cant stop cackling 
I dont watch unhhh (sue me). So trixie. She’s really way more outspoken and funnier
It was good. Aja Dela and Bebe NAILED the shit. But as a fan of both kennedy and chichi, i was really really disappointed. I expect so much better than that. 
I just watched the show and i cant even remember what did Milk do
Top 2/4

Raja-Manila
Bianca-Adore
Sasha - Peppermint
Tyra - Raven

Im sorry my dear but you are up for elimination 
I hope chi chi will strike back real soon 
Bebe looks so STUNNING

Not a popular opinion but i really hope Tyra will do it again as well
Omg i need this
Naomi did so well in Music Video challenge imo. They both should’ve shantayed (i dont want them to eliminate kim)
Legendary dress of AS4 winner 
How old is that thing? 12?
The best editing ever. 

You piss me off some more
I WILL WHOOP YOUR FCKIN ASŚ
Im ready to get downvotes

Im wasting my time worrying [spoiler](/s Trixie) joining the winner circle while someone like Manila isn’t 


Not that i hate [spoiler](/s Trixie). It just doesn’t feel right
Definitely Manila


Even though i dont like this bih bcs of what she did to my fan favorite, i also would say Shea

Both of them.

Lowkey think Detox deserves it. And Courtney because she educates people. 

Also ginger and dela. Bcs they both slayed their og season. 
I want producers to lock Nina for AS4

Shes worthy
Thats why [raven](https://youtu.be/9HtMLelXpZM)  never hang out with NPBFAG. Ijs
A kpop song

Sue me
Girlicious Like Me. 

Any queen B song
Or season 4 because i want lashawn to slay
Season 2. No?

Season 3
Season 6 
Joslys read laganja ‘laganja youre still here?’
Ru asked max to sing
Im so torn among morgan chichi or dela

Edit
Or kennedy
Jessica wild
Willam
Ivy
Laganja
Courtney
Max
Kimchi
Shea
Valentina
Trinity
This
Do i look like upset to you? 

I just forgot to put JK 
Im confused yet i looooove this
I dont like this idea except for bebe. It doesn’t feel right for me. Esp if they didn’t win this time around. 
I’ll coco myself. 

Drink bleach
As long as they cast Manila, im down

Wont be mad if they give ginger tati and yara another shot
Its not true but i guess everyone will laugh because its Bob


EDIT: I REFERENCED PHIPHI AND ALYSSA OMG PEOPLE ARE SO SENSITIVE THIS SEASON IM OUT BYE
Ceech ❤️ 
🍵 
8 for me. Because they brought back the royals 
I started with 5

3 is best alternate 
Manila
Im about to make a cup of tea with a popcorn. I feel so stupid
As long as robin gets 1vs1 fight
I dont think that’s racist. Its just my opinion tho
Thank you im just making sure :) thank you
Are they still together? 
Manila definitely deserves the spot
Idk but do you think the FPR girls need to be rotated at this point? Ps: I dont hate them 
I want roxxxy to be my drag mom tbh
Max kimchi manila
She wont have that much energy 
Now this im so agree with. Sue me
Tbh I couldn’t believe she didnt win this one
Those tities got the 3rd double elimination of the century 
Robin
Yara
[how could you miss this one?](https://lovelace-media.imgix.net/uploads/207/51ded320-8b3f-0131-5284-1e42d7db3271.gif?w=740&h=416&fit=max&auto=format) 
Nerd. Such my type
Come on ceech
I cant even imagine the awkwardness 
Yes I thought exactly the same when i saw wintergreen 
Is the deodorant thing real?
[i lost all hope today....](https://flavorwire.files.wordpress.com/2013/03/coco-montrese-singing-drag-race.png) 
Damn this is the best out if everyone mentioned 
Straight up shoot
?, ginger, willam?

Bottom row:
Valentina, ivy, pandora, peppermint

This is super random answer
Sue me
Forgive each other and slay AS4 with the majority of s9
Please make robin
Why cant i? 
i
This is why i cant like twice. Poor girls, with bad fans
Young kpop fan doesn’t really have nice attitude towards legend
5-8
Raja
I found it right away after the mv released. Please watch the video and help my girls gain more YT views :*
Omg this is so deep for me
Spicy young lady brigade 
What if serena didn’t read books.

I will read more books, study harder, get higher final score and better career without worrying i would look like serena. 
What if shea pull some tricks for the final lipsync

What if trinty choose shea for final lipsync 
Youre ready to die?
Whats so being rude of saying fame looks like jade jolie? Im just afraid some over sensitive twink like you take it personal so i put  precaution. I love fame and I personally like jade... 5Gs
Why trixie looks like a ventriloquist doll
All T no shade
This is not an offense but this video reminds me of jade jolie
Omg agree 100% i think its unnecessary to put shea, trinty and val in the same season because each of those bitches deserves their crown 
Agree. I hope its val or trinity

Im cool if its shea. She deserves it anyway
From fan favorite to AS4 winner. Haters stay depressed 
Hmm choices 
Bianca vs Raja. Damn. Any tips?
Damn tracey 
Rudemption: laila, tempest (winner), kelly
Winners: tyra, bianca (winner), violet/laskie
Omg I thought this talks about adore too -.-
YOUR favorite 
Avatar
Sisters
What a combo 
Manila Luzon 
Shea or Trinity

I prefer trinity. Id love to see Shea getting raven’s fate
I aint mad at this cast.
Detox

Sue me
Look at those matching outfits 
Very very very. Somebody please Get this song out of my playlist!!!
Chichi, dela, morgan/kennedy

Sue me
And manila
That gif of delta tho
Roxxxy & courtney. Battle of the year. That was tight!
I agree with this 100%
Looks like the tuck
Cucu?
I love-hate Aubrey O’day. She’s fierce but really she’s kinda too mouthy
Chichi
Morgan
Dela
Kennedy 

In that order
Theyre having comeback. Good. As a rookie, their promotion kinda lack. Or its just me. I mean, they need to promote more songs.
Tbh for me, following the pattern of past AS winners, Dela deserves it the most. 
Omg yas 
Max
I wanna see less popular queens who maybe aren’t that funny or maybeeeee dont have such big big big personality, yet have talents to show

My top 3 list includes Max, Ivy Winters, and Lineysha


That’s true but part of me still think that her mug as whole looks like Val’s

I mean, first naomi. Now this. Im not saying Aja doesn’t have her own aesthetic. Maybe she likes to take inspiration from other queens

This is just an opinion. Im cool with her and anticipate her on AS3.
Zorobin. I love this ‘theory’ lmao
Youre the only one who understands me here :(
A super fan: derrick barry
Im not ready for this apocalypse 
That maruko. Dead
Yall sleeping on miss kennedy
S2 & 3 are GEMS. Watch it gurl seriously 

I’d like to see chichi & dela goes far. Dela deserves the crown

Id love to see morgan slay the game. And Kennedy to murder the lipsync again
Annoying twink who starts at season 7 and stan pearl to win
DEAD BY CUCU
😂 i know
All that i need is to see her slay the lipsyncs
Come on through season 2
TrixYa stan are the worst ijs
I said i felt
Lmao no shit Sherlock 
Im excited. And glad they got 2nd chance. But no offense, competition wise, i feel like this is a big downgrade from AS2.

Am i the only one? 
I get it. Im excited but, not so much

I hope i dont hurt any of queens fans but for me, state wise, and competition wise,  for me this cast is kinda weak. Dela is the only real competition here
Omg same even busier than joslyn
Yas gawdddddd i needd an HD PLEASSEEEE
I hope its gonna be all different from all the spilled spoilers. I tried hard to avoid spoilers but still its everywhere and im not always strong. I want a surprising winner actually. Sue me 

Omg you forgot her? She should take you to church
9 bcs its Friday 
Alaska still wearing sharon’s drag

Even though they had broke up

And Alaska got her own 100k
Max vs Ivy

I cannot
Your flair = all of our winners right

What are the reasons for those emoticon of tyra, jinkx, and sasha?
Belle ❤️ 
Jasmine ❤️ 
Pocahontas ❤️ 
Tongue pop ofc even all my fellow bankers ask me to stop
Me and my friend do [this](http://37.media.tumblr.com/43957bdaebda3343aaa0db0345a36da0/tumblr_na4u1zn8a51tddlqho3_250.gif)  everytime we throw shade to each other


I didnt put flair until s8

S8 : kimchi
AS2: detox
S9 : trinity > valentina > trinity > valentina
By being a stan of their idols bcs theyre awesome not necessarily mean that i stan their company’s policy. Or to be specific, their way to share profit.

How old are you?
And how’s your head?
I read that hyo actually used to want to look feminine like Tiffany and Yoona, instead of matching & emphasizing her  playful, fierce tomboyish image. So its kinda hard to tell hyo what to wear
I feel so dumb I thought that was yara
Snowy wish
Fairy tale (my child)
Wait a minute
#I WANT TO DREAM WITH YOU (FOREVER)
Into the new world
Baby baby
#WAY TO GO!
Bump it
Adrenaline (TTS)
Romantic st
Day by day
One afternoon
Mr mr
You think
I dont get lot of references bcs im not from states and English isnt my first language 
Valentina, Violet, Raja, Max, carmen, naomi, dax bcs shes gorgeous, tyra

Top 2/3 contenders: Miss Fame, Manila , TKB, Courtney

Top 5 contenders: april, roxxxy, tatianna, morgan
Someone doesn’t understand the spoiler feature 
Shes a healthy grown up woman. Let her be
#dead
Category is...... off season

JK KIMORa
Idk but when i watch carmen/yara & dela/darienne, I thought its because the challenges. 

Yara&carmen challenge was about cheering the military. I just think they wont eliminate someone with that kind of challenge. I remember the michael jackson challenge of ANTM allstars. Kinda same

While dela&darriene, it was ru make up commercial right? I mean, i just think ru didnt want to eliminate anyone who put their effort to promote her product.

Plus the alyssa&roxxxy situation. If i were ru i wont eliminate anyone as well. It was my roast. I dont want to look butthurt or sthn

But then again its all just my random thoughts. I cant explain it better since my language limit.
Agree. Detox won  this one
I stop reading when you state that katya won read u wrote u. 
JESUS IS A BIZKWEET
Where’s my eyoungie
WOOHEE, AHREUM, SERRI, HANSOL
#TEAMDALSHABET
#TEAMHANSOL
My favorite underrated queen
Valentina vs S9 girls

More spotlight on my girl 🌹 
Ofc theres that kind of possibility. But still, wanted J out of the group & literally decided go kick her out of the group are whole 2 different stories
Valentaja. Your filter is beautiful 🌹 

JK OMG JK
Come on fan favorite 

Oh wait
I think the left one just a bad picture. Not a bad make up

Maybe its just me
I cant wait for this gagerine we deserve 
Wow I personally think that Raja is the most charismatic out of all the winners. I repeat. Out of all the winners.
As if she’d get that far (2)
[all she has is her look? gurl](http://www.dragofficial.com/uploads/1/9/3/9/19395567/5137049_orig.gif) 
Funny but in my mind Jinkx will be first out. Not because i dont like her but somehow i just think no one else would (maybe Raja if she pull out kind of her nowadays drag)

And for violet i think she will end up on top 3 (five at least). Tyra definitely gonna be on top 5 for the sake of drama
This is my POV
Im gonna make it short. I disrespect J because she told public that she was KICKED OUT by the ot8, which she was in SM longest than anyone in the group, and she knows exactly that members could not kick other member just like that. She knows EXACTLY how it works. But she blamed the girls. Thats when I disrespect her so much. She put the burden to the girls. Tried to play victim

Plus with the rumor that she actually already wanted to go. Which all made sense  for me. She still blamed the girls. Gurl. No
Thats my favorite runner up
Its so shocking for me as someone who thought that TTS will still be here after snsd
Max
Gee.
I always like Girlgroup. Destiny’s Child, Pussycat Dolls, Danity Kane...

A close friend of mine told me that there’s this one girlgroup which has 9 members (that used to be so big, i mean, 9 members?)

I used to dislike asian music so i ignored him. But finally i watched the mv. It was cute. But the music I couldn’t get off of my head. The music on ‘neomu banjjak (short stop) banjjak nuni busyeo’ is SUPER CATCHY. Thats when i started to stan
I think they still try to figure it out of how to stay in the group without being in sm
Im devastated. I need help
BAM
Come on, pussycat dolls
Sigh


Off season 
Twinks nowadays....
Left one is my type of guy, but I could never ever get 
Valentina tbh. I was rooting for kimora & trinity at the mtq (trinity got lot of hate back then, my instinct always goes to support the underrated one)

Seeing valentina in cheerleading challenge changed everything. She rocketed to be one of my most favorite queen ever.

And to my most favorite queen after the reunion. 
Sorry raja but i had to pick manila
Val & Kim
Look queen like Max
There’s a high chance that youre gonna be attacked by katya’s fan

But i like the idea of detox/alyssa winning
Cynthia agreed to compete 2nd time
Not a popular opinion but yara gave better energy that alexis or raven (you can see a glimpse of her slaying it) but the edit focus too much on raven. With lazy sexy movement. I mean. It’s PCD! Thats the first clue that you need to DANCE

Sue me
Shea didnt prepare any tricks for finale lsfyl
Tati looks ..... good.

Anyway theyre my top queens (max is my most favorite ever) 
Dont worry gurl i started with 5 too and i dont regret it
Got my vote
Ooops i did it again by viviene & honey
Still don’t understand why the judges came for tatianna’s look. 

Maybe i just love her so much 
We’ll see
I have big respect for them, because this season was reaaaally exhausting 
Re read it from the beginning 
#teamMonet
I read somewhere ru actually knows which lipstick that the top queens picked. So, if that was true, shes the one stirring everything 
As a fan who brought like 2-4 copy of every release, im proud 
Her whole drag race existence is underrated and under appreciated 
ART
Carmen & raja for my own pleasure 
Tati & alyssa (bcs phiphi said that wasnt that great)
Coco alyssa
Morgan sonique
Laganja joslyn
Any dida
Any coco
Sasha velour, winner. How??

JK MISS THANG
Why are you talking
Those oversensitive 14yo kids who started at season 7 
Queen yara should’ve been in top 3 i agree.

But she decided to give  alexis mateo free pass.

Thats all for today’s T with Tati.

Thankyew

Disgusting i hope she’s okay 
How’s your head
My new wallpaper 
This is the best switch for me.

Bob and Raja are sweatin
6 milk

8 cancel AS . They didnt cast manila
Are you single 

Jk

Queen 
Im gonna whoop your fckn ass 
Idk which Allstars, but Manila DESERVES to win 1
This is pure art
Yes by shangela
Max

Fashion forward. Just my taste. Best aesthetic of all time for me. In and out of drag 
Thats my prediction too but by the luck of Nuest, there’s huge chances that they can do the same, re-branding Afterschool. My hopes still fly bcs last year they post new year greeting. Idk did it mean anything. But still...
Kaeun is actually real good at everything (vocal, one of lead dancer & rap) at least based on my playboyz friend

And i just love eyoung so much
If i have my own agency im gonna do anything to have a contract with this girl
Pledis potentially put After School to join? I have mixed feelings about this.  But i do miss them. I hope kaeun + eyoung will participate. Theyre such waste talents.
Old but still made me cackle 
Tatianna’s at least it looks pretty

But I definitely need katya’s spray for my nina bonina negativity
As farrah (franklin)
I know i’ll get some downvotes but im more teamTyra. Always love Phiphi before this, but i love how tyra callin out all hoes who came for her. Thats a total badass bitch. And i live for it. 

Sue me
Omg the only jaslene i could think of
Your tone seems very pointed right now
Coco be like : enjoy your moment while you can 

I LOVE THAT LIL SMIRK ON HER FACE
‘Drag queens dont get along in London’
I agree with raja. I mean, shes asian. Why cant she potray that with some exaggerating
ShadeChi lmao
Alisa (summers) 
Phoenix
Princess (i love her when I remember her)
Milan

This is the hardest brain work of the month for me
Is that Don from antm
3

Close call 5 2 AS2
That wig is a bad investment 
All T 🍑 
I still think Trinity & Shea deserved it more and still forget Sasha is the reigning queen sometimes. I’d be like ‘who won s9? She- oh Sasha’  

I still think that if its not bcs charlie & val, the finale format wouldn’t be like that. I mean, i was 100% sure that they didnt want Sasha to win. Bcs if they did they should’ve made her win several challenges like the ball and probably snatch game. So her win will seem more legit



but whatever it is what it is 
Omg why this got downvote? 

Who read this in tyra (banks) voice?
How about just face those morons and speak her mind like normal people do?

Omg we’re definitely definitely not talking about that kill yourself thing because i didnt, in my reply, saying anything like supporting Tyra 100%.
 
[Lemme sum it up sweetheart:  First you said something about healthy response thingy when the comment you replied didnt say anything about that And now you say something about me supporting tyra told kids to kill themselves   ](https://m.popkey.co/28ab87/kW9rd.gif) 
This is only for her character in TyPhi series
I thought Tyra has explained it there. Yes for us its just another snapchat post. But for her = tons of tag and post and messages saying that she didn’t deserve the title AGAIN like she keeps getting on these years. Sometimes its funny. But gurl we dont even know a half of what shes getting. 

And answering your question, yes. Its an healthy reaction bcs she told phiphi directly and face it herself instead of making shady post. 
Props to for picking gengar 
Omg phip looking gorgeous 
This is off season i cant wait to see
ALL T NO SHADE 🌹 
Farrah moan just shut up already 
Looks like someone from Insidious
To proof us that they really are LOSERS AGAIN - 
Bianca Del Rio on Rolodex of Hate
Tomorrow
TIDDIES

They help me to be successful in this entertainment business. 
Im serena because i read books
“Yea take a sip, cause you absolutely need to shut up!" - Milan
Max.

People can disagree with me. Whatever
Maybe she’s been studying all night long. This is how i look like back then when i have morning exam. 

This is what happen when you read too many books
Nicole Paige Brooks, Yes, that’s right! RU probably wanted to crown Nicole originally before Tyra melted whole America’s heart by her American sweetheart charm and destroyed her masterful plan. Remember when she slept? It was MAGICAL
Shea, post drag con
Vivienne pinay for that ‘hand styled’ wigs. 
Actually it’s not that bad. Few people laugh. And the jokes are kind of hitting right. Im not an expert tho. 
Dark times to fckn future 
I should’ve put jk tho. My bad
Will never be the main course 

JK
Penny Tration won online voting contest 
 ‘Okay so this bitch TRINITY TAYLOR has allowed these fans to gas her mutherfucking ass up. Slow down stripper. I’m not the fucking one.’
I do think it's kinda fucked up how you guys are making a joke of it and saying shady things because this was my moment it isn't a joke to me this is real and this is my life and this is something I've waited since my entrance for and for you guys to be up here talking about how deathdrop belongs to Momma Ru,  that's not what's important, what's important is that I should’ve been tagged and that's what we should have talked about, this is really special and I do feel hurt that you guys would take advantage of this moment for yourself.
Cmon girls We’re gonna do some exercise. 
Raise your hands to the air. And this is for you, one word 

Chill pill bitch.

Abernattine, you need one 
I personally think that it looks lame and tired. I mean, it is what it is. She is who she is. The problem is she keeps doing her thing, she’s not tyra sanchez. She wont feed the drama. She stays away, and wont involve if she doesnt have to. And focus on what she’s doing. Thats for me is way more classy. 

On the other hands, i really want to respect these queens. Esp Shea. She’s for me, hands down, one of the fiercest queen ever. But the way they keep talking things about someone who doesnt even care about you. Kinda seems like gangin up on her. And kinda feel like what Eureka said on Ru-nion was right. They seem like the new Detox clique for me.

Idk its just an opinion btw. 
That tiny ass judging desk
13yo valentina haters are already gathered 
I used to think so

But when i ruWatch it again, 

BAM

that was funny and her commercial was the best
Top toot of the week is

TRINITY TAYLOR
Ikr my personal choices are Really Queen or Drag Queens read mean comments but they seem like discontinued or something. 
Unpopular comment : i dont understand all those hype of unhhh. 

Sue me
Calm down beyonce 😂
WE MADE IT BITCHESSSS
Well, it’s about time
With sasha belle?
‘I dont get exeggcute i get drop dead gorgeous’

DEAD /maybe im just depressed but this is super funny
I got 98% because i forgot theres a drag queen named belle
Peppermint
Adore
Phiphi
Roxxxy
Nina
Kimchi
Raven
Ginger
Detox
Manila ❤️

In that order (sue me)
As long as they crown manila. Im down
Ginger manila detox
Ive been trying my best to stay away from spoiler of as3 (even though ive read the order of elimination as well lmao) but is that true? That bebe is coming back?
On serious note, Manila deserves a crown. I just literally had this thought this morning, about how among all runner ups, that Manila definitely need to be crowned 
“Pearl” 

Hahahahahahhahahahahaahah.... Bleach
Thank you for putting Detox instead of Katya (2)
And Roxxxy over Alaska

When it’s right it’s right
The development of camera filters are crazy

Omg JK miss thang
We wanna see real you
Is he okay? He looks hella thin
Choices 
Aja lookin like a nice shy girl
Come through off season 
This and the whole replies still make me frustrated 
Just go with wifi o’hara

Much much better than wifienne pinay
And do some reveal on your lipsync. 
Just fight each other
April just shut up already 
April is triggered 

*JK*
From dariendoodles hottest doodler alive
Valentina and April in 1 frame.

Awkward 
And darriene & tempest. Rupaul joins as Nicole of the group 
Those old glory days of myspace & friendster
Dugtrio
Tbh i only picked sharon. I would love to vote phiphi for her current art but at the moment she didnt deliver anything memorable 
Drama
Can you tell us the top 10 result, or maybe there still be the link or something? Im so curious 
Can anyone show the poll result, at least for top 20?
3/5
I have to zoom it 
Raja and Manila share booth. I hope i was born in state :(
Oh its starting? 
I thought it was kennedy
Carmen participate? Owwww and her booth is next to ivy. As international fish all i can do is crying

**#BECAUSE IM WHAT? POOR!**

thankyew
Stacy got the whole street of her own
Exactly 
Exactly. She might still get tired because that season was exhausting 

Not a shade i mean it
If you stop your argument at ‘also she won that title on her own’, I could have sent you my upvote
Im so torn. I always love tyra despite of all the hate towards her. She always manage to give us some good ass drama like this one. And i always have a special place for raja in my heart

THE WAY TYRA CALLED OUT RAJA LIKE THAT. [never thought one day this happen. ](https://az616578.vo.msecnd.net/files/2017/01/28/636211810865716993-1423727251_tumblr_og8l6ix7c41vaeumwo1_500.gif) 
Naomi will somehow find her place to participate 
3 likes bih. Thats all you got

Ps: im not hating anyone i love them both! 
Krazy fans are krazy (on positive note)

Congrats Queen’s
ART
Got her lips done 
If i did something like this to my friend, he will nag all day ask me to take it down. I wonder is violet okay with this


This is cute btw
I didnt follow Sharon after winning, shes hands down one of the best winner (stat wise) but really tho, she didnt, whats the word, do something major and expand her career after the platform she got? Wow
Omg for nano second I thought that was cucu
So basically Alaska is B
Courtney is one of OG DC
And she’s Kels?
:(

Im still teamMorgan 
and ChiChi
You cute 
If it’s on tv, and by TV they mean VH1, guess its gonna be dry and boring. Let alone hoping its gonna be old format. What to expect from a tv who fast forwarding nighty night runaway & cutting huge portions of pitcrews 
Coco in lipsync extravaganza is the only one i could remember now
Good luck girls :( 

I dont know is it gonna be the same bcs for me, 90% of AOA are Choa and Jimin. Now Choa left i wonder how they will sound like.
*henny it’s still me henny*
#ITS A (frustrating) HOLIDAY 🎵
Congrats miss congeniality ❤️ 
I know its gonna be you. Congrats jenny
I'll be back for allstars!


Good luck ladies!
[(the catwoman)](https://youtu.be/7EcjW-O6APg) 

I tried my best, for this challenge because i somehow kinda feel that its my time to lipsync. But well it is what it is. Im gonna give my all so if i gotta go home tonight, i will leave no regret. 
Max & Ivy Winters 

😭😭😭
[for tonight's runaway look im giving you tinman warrior princess. im gonna fight to get the final spot until the very end. At this point, I cant and i refuse to go home](https://imgur.com/gallery/3Mqiu) 
Ughhhh foxxiiieeeee 😭
Congrats selouana! 
That was a good read. But coming from queen like Milan to someone like Willam. No mam
There's nothing against this one for me

*Okay, okay, let me get on your level. (kneels on the carpet) Yes, because you are so beneath me at this moment*

Like, **gurl**
She wore blue she was on ravenclaw I couldn't believe it
Yes by posting this i wanna state that its not that i dont love them. Bcs i have pretty much the same inner saboteurs too in me
S1 : i watched s1 and never had time to ru-watch it. Mostly bcs i cant stand the filter
S2 : Pandora. I agree that her runaway were tragic. I really love her the first time i watched s2 tho.
S3 : Carmen. She was pulling nothing but body. 
S4 : none 
S5 : detox. I reaaaaaallly love detox at first time watching but after ru watch it several times she didnt deliver anything special actually
S6 : definitely Milk. She almost did nothing to the show. Especially her runaway.
S7 : trixie. I mean. She was just floating by
S8 : thorgy. At the moment s8 aired I couldn't understand why she ended up win nothing at all. But now i see that she's not as strong as others in every challenges
S9 : maybe val but i still love that bish

Ps: omg yes adore for s6 too. Most times she did horrible she just jokin around so the judges got easy on her
Hey ya'll good evening. My name is Duffy Swan, im from Indonesia. It's somewhere in southeast asia, you probably know Bali, well thats part of out country. My drag name came from the fact that my real name is dafi, and kids used to call me duffy duck. I pick swan because i want to show them i grew become a beautiful swan. Only to hide the fact that im an ugly ostrich now. 

Last week i gave you snippets of how to live in indonesia. Well im gonna give you bigger vision tonight of why you should visit Indonesia at least once in your life. 
Well for you who addict of cleaning, living here in indonesia is ideal because we really like to clean. We clean our home everyday. We sweep and mop them twice a day. We really like clean and shining floor. So much that if sometimes you visit here and goin to malls, you probably gonna see some old lady took off their sandals before coming in.

The next thing that we're so clean is we clean our ass by water after we poo. We dont trust tissues. We clean our ass by our left hand. So be careful next time you shake hands with us. Ive warned ya. 

Oh and most toilet here doesn't have tissue. So if youre in case forget to bring tissue to the toilet here, enjoy the rest of your day going everywhere with your wet ass. Dont worry, youre not alone.

And we're really well mannered, especially the lady. You know, woman when they're on period theyre just gonna threw that used sanitary napkins. But not here in indonesia. We clean them first. By our hands. And then wrap it gracefully before throw them away. Thats just how classy we are. 

You know i really like to tell you lot lot more of my beloved country. But i suggest you to come here and experience yourself. Its gonna be the trip you wont forget. Good night everyone /waving my left hand to the crowd/
[Duffy Swan's ugly dress. Oh wait thats me](https://imgur.com/gallery/OwFxN) 
I really want roxxxy, or raja to become my drag mother ;(
Can i get the HD for my iPhone wallpaper 
I mean at this point we all tired of hearing that original idea. Including Michelle 
This rookie constantly slaying that dark concept
My legendary queen 🌹 ❤️ 
Im a hardcore sone but seriously im worry about this date. Im afraid all the eyes would be on wanna1
Manila will make chad stumble a lil bit
Real miss congeniality 
she aint wearing wig
TKB is gonna be triggered 

Jk, no?
Come through Jenner! Youre one of my big competition so you better stay to make this race interesting 
Told ya im gonna win. [its about time ](https://i.redd.it/0xfho6n602xy.gif) 
Tempest
Valentina & Max
Rebecca
Tyra Raven
Shangela bcs i stan Heathers 
Phiphi
Roxxxy
For me it's Gia
Old lady brigade 
Derrick
Idk maybe nina's negativity and shea bcs im team valentina (JK). I forgive Alexis because she tried to rudeem herself to us valentina stan at the reunion and rupaul for bringing cynthia back 

Ps: another villains of s9 are valentina haters & stan
Vivacious & jasmine masters. The meme machines
Hello it's me your truly queen **Trinity Taylor**

Its glad to finally back to a game show. just want to warn you guys i won everything. I only lost once. To a 2 in 1 look outfit. 



1 how big is your mouth. And they want you to raise your hand before you speak. Thank you eureka
2 dickpigs the house down. Who doesn't love fairytales? (Wink)
3 [her new fanbase from other planet has a twitter account](http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/amp/news/cher-says-trump-wins-i-m-gonna-have-leave-planet-944506) 
4 left vh1 to start the whole new show. Screw em
5 eureka i told you to stop coming. Too bad cheerleading broke your knees not your appetite 

[my look](https://imgur.com/a/03oeL) 

(edit: bold & link)
Eugh that was close. I gotta win next time
Pay some respect for motha ;(
Shes a living art
Whats a screenshot?
Good move.
They either didnt watch season 2 or dickpicgs 
Morgan first out? Interesting 
[OMG IS THIS FOR REAL? IVE NEVER HEARD THIS ONE AT ALL ESPECIALLY FOR THESE LAST FEW DAYS](http://38.media.tumblr.com/e1e3e4fc12dc2ce5c0f92032aef39855/tumblr_n3dbeogUQJ1ssd38uo1_250.gif) 
Manila because she seems fun
No
Well you could say they give aja the rudemption and ongina the tati arc while morgan could actually get both story line since she's from older season and arguably the first and original queen who went home too soon
I mean just continue with the rest of us who already applied the challenge 
Trixie. Aja. Ongina. Milk. Out of the list you can easily pick those queens to go early. Morgan is a fiercer queen for me who at least will make it half of the race. She aint back from dead to go home first
Im just giggling, michelle
WHEN MY MOTHER YELLS LIKE THIS IT’S BECAUSE SHE LOVES ME.

I WAS ROOTING FOR YOU, 
WE WERE ALL ROOTING FOR YOU. 

#HOW DARE YOU! 
LEARN SOMETHING FROM THIS!
[trixie on top 3, morgan first out](http://68.media.tumblr.com/dedc1d06725d24823f943022c8e2ebee/tumblr_nol0xxbBOh1sb0zbqo3_500.gif) 
[i was thinkin' it. you said it](https://media.tenor.com/images/e471840e00c3041ea5dadbd0875056bf/tenor.gif) 
Just judge the remaining girls i guess?
Its hard for me to explain further because of the language barrier. They look great yet its frustrating because they could pull of tons of other look.

Like people could give us tons of shitposts since its off season. Not just red m&m -.- one of them posted the same exact joke 3 times. 3 times! In a day
Rumor has it that she requested red m&m in her room on a gig or so i heard
Not so popular opinions
Top 3 morgan chichi dela
First out milk
Queen to watch ivy winteeeers 
Producer alexis michelle
[i know it's off season, but...](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/57/45/2a/57452a1db79e3ea1eec533a603782566.gif) 
DAX! please. Thank you
The higher the tree, the stronger the wind. Ijs.

Here come the downvotes
I think its a repost 
Challenge-wise : keepin it 100
Its 2 and 1as season ago
*Thorgy Thor, obviously a diet consisting of nothing but hatred for Bob the Drag Queen does a body thick and juicy!*
[i cant believe they asked us for 3 looks. 3 looks in 1st episode! This is gotta be the biggest opening ever dahlings](https://imgur.com/gallery/wgi5g) 
The fact that sharon & raja accounts are not verified yet ;(
Is she thick?
That one on the back. Really
Come through got 7
Actually im kpop international fan too. 
Because im what? 
#Poor international fan
[entrance look](http://www.kfashionista.com/wp-content/uploads/20150315_kfashionista_jvalentine-718x1024.jpg) 


"A-yo stop! Lemme put it down another way"

Confession:
My name is Duffy Swan, and i came long way from Jakarta, Indonesia. My drag style is highly influenced by Korean Pop culture. Its a lil bit more fun, lil bit high fashion sometimes and lil bit of everything. My fear competing in this race is that they dont understand me because of the language barrier and different joke reference, but well /shrug/ thats their problem
Im curious how many queens have said yes?
Chad is normal.
Bianca. Idk but definitely not steel
Cynthia is ready than she ever been. 
This. Can anyone answer?
That reply tho. 
Milan
Pearl.... She has great aesthetic
.
.
.
.
........She has great aesthetic!
About to say the same ;)
Here we go again 🙄
Thats such a dedication 

Btw did mariah really teamRaja or she threw shade because she knew no matter what happens, raja would win?
Rupaul youre such a shady friend. You let misele looked busted on season 3. And 4. And 5 and 6 and 7 and 8
3rd one makes me thirsty 
Valentina Manila Morgan.

Im down. I mean. We all can hope
Is it for beyonce flawless  ?
SLM: oh henny it's still me henny
Why not
I love all the chis
Rectangle girls of the world
Its not personal answer btw ofc anything ben didnt get is the crown 
S1: 
S2: jessica
S3: carmen. JK Yara
S4: 
AS1: MANILA
S5: ivy
S6: dela? 
S7: MAX
S8: chichi. But im fine with top3
AS2: tati
S9: 🌹
I guess thats why they deserve to rudeem their 'failure'
That bitch.... if her hair...
Sorry i didnt get the joke :(
[and this](http://68.media.tumblr.com/30ab0aeaaddad9d62324dd3d3ca17619/tumblr_oof4vx8kxk1qlvwnco4_500.gif) 
Cynthia lee fontaine's snatch game as cynthia lee fontaine
I am sickening
I am gorgeous 
#I'm a strong GAY WOMAN
.
Chad was TKB btw
Sorry but its gon be either shadechi or chichi. If trinytina werent there ofc
Good job sis really
Dead 💀 
Violet s8 finale inspired by this.... art
Well she's pulling mother of 12 of kids realness
No
Next question?
[the difference of SaShea stans interaction before and after the finale is so entertaining ](https://68.media.tumblr.com/8c88a632169c743b369ce953a921246b/tumblr_opwdjzPutH1ryvpoto1_400.gif) 
The hate towards valentina in this sub is no joke 

Here comes the downvotes
Trinity taylor is the highest s9 queen

When its right its right
Max gone way too early.
Trixie gone before the comeback series so we cant get Max back
 
Lot lot lot of fashion queens. Too much acting challenge. Such a waste
One of the Hardest decision ever. Yara killed me with that photo
Maybe sasha already decided how to spend her cash prize
The shade of it all
You must be north korean
Yasss im down
Should i get my flair ready by now?
Beautiful, really
Idk maybe im on depression and need help but i cant stop laughing
All of em are my type 😍

Sue me 
Idk i probably take it more seriously than you girls but if this is true, its so fuckd up :(
#MIMI LET'S GO
Sue me
Shes lazy asfck i hate her and love her at the same time
Welcome to the off season! I boot this one tho
Katya's?
 I see phi phi and a lil bit of chi chi
For me its Max & Violet.
Omg this off season joke is getting more random yet funnier day by day i cant 😂😂😂
#MUTHAHASARRIVED
Her licious chocolate skin & neon. Thats one thing i love about shea
I always thought that rox & coco as the villains.
And theyre fierce asf
Lip
#FanFavorite #RealWinner ❤️🌹
I really want to pick nina for THIS PARTICULAR ART YOU CHOOSE. Damn. But i went to kimberly anyway
Why in the earth you picked that photo of roxxxy? You sabotaged her
I love Raja but Roxxxy always slay me with her mug
You know, about to die after chad? So ru wants her to be happy?

JK
Idk i love that tho. I mean, i have special place for the whole s3 in my chilly little heart
India won as3 I could not believe it

Mimi would make another tshirt 
'I picked AS 3 Winner'
Drink bleach

Jk kim
Henny is the only right answer

And mystique during s2 looks like angry aunt for me
Cynthia as cynthia
And danity kane bad girl
Hush hush omg yes

And i want girlicious like me
Okay werk since its off season 
When i drop the cocoon,

The butterfly is there 🦋 
3 is the right answer
Can i get the result?
Mobile legends hero realness
The underrated look
DAT PICT OF PENNY THO
Max ❤️ 
Tamar gurl
Trinity is my kind of milf
My opinion is my opinion i went to last phantasia and she seemed unhappy for me. Even some current videos/photos of her she looks really less sunny FOR ME. All i want is for her to be fine because i do love her so much. AND FYI IM NOT WHINING FOR OT9 AT ALL IN CASE YOU WANNA KNOW IM HARDCORE SONE WHO HATES JESSICA. Now get off
Belle?
Can anyone just tell what did she say
And jaemin. I 100% worry that SM announce his withdrawal anytime. I mean for a rookie idol its not normal to get such lobg long long hiatus. He's my no 1 NCT bias ;(
Sunny. She seems so unhappy and sad esp after Jessica's withdrawal. For me like ticking bomb and she can out anytime. I really want her to be her again. The energy pill of the group
REAL STORY OF MY LIFE lmao theres an allegedly cute bottom who refuses to send the non dog face
Michelle will block you gurl
I love her aesthetic is my most favorite of all time. I thought she was robbed but no. I predict she aint gonna be on Allstars sadly
Thats why i stan her 🌹 
I made exact same face that aja made 
3 2 5 AS2 6 9 1 4 7 8 AS1
Nina & Tina
S3 probably. Good drama. Interesting & hard challenges. Strong contenders
S9 snatch game thanks to sofia vergara & nene leakes. BLOOP
Cool
The only model I remember being called like a drag queen by miss J was dominique
[why are you here?](https://38.media.tumblr.com/53abd9c7112ef1e81b922415cf43b18c/tumblr_inline_noxxjz59Qq1qbrcge_500.gif) 
I almost agree with her about being classy

Until she mentioned about HIV

Its wrong on so many level
Art
Is that michelle visage or alexis michelle?
Why im laughing
Thankyouu
Omg yes lmao
Laganja youre still here?
None
WOOOORKKK BISH SHE MUST BE ONE OF CHARLIE'S ANGELS
Those straight up angry brows are more angry and more straight than me in my whole life
No. We need something messy 
I hope they're ready 
Roxxxy did pretty terrible things on s5 for me. Straight up saying bad things to jinkx, and (maybe the edit) jinkx didnt much to attack back. I think she's on no 2 of the biggest villain of all time

But she's gorgeous i live for her s5 race tho
Toddrick
Trixie

People seemed like forgot how floating she was on race, and now thinking shes gonna win as3

Sorry people
Tatianna, april, valentina, kimora, carmen (sue me)

Ive never really thought of kai kai before but kimora really made me feel something
Eliminaysha still would be eliminated for sure
Can someone just tell me the names that they mention?

Will anyone help me?
Or will i get downvoted for giving you tyra laziness?
Exactly the hate of this sub aint joking really

Im not talking about tkb or pep nor picking side. Im just commenting about the hate

Sue me
At least we got something to talk about in this off season. I aint support her btw never was
I forgot everything except the fact that im fish(y)
You can hate her because of things but you can deny that bish is sickening and one of the fishiest fish ever walk through that door. Not fish. Her level is mermaid. Fishiest queen ever

Sorry vivienne
Funny but im sure i saw somewhere people made comparison of aja's mug before and after naomi happened. I might be wrong since im the real life dory the fish
🌹true winner
Kimora: bow down bitches 
The aesthetic of the album, i LIVE for it #preordered 1
Omg I thought shes s*ing tiny asian d*
Latina
Pageant 
Big gurl

Convincing you to buy her messy handstyled wig. 
Yall underrating coco so much 
Whats a hem?
Max valentina laganja
Valentina manila kimora
Omg i just realized lmao 
Valentina, Bianca del rio, Kim Chi
Max & Dax

The talented ivy winters
Welcome to the off season 
Can i give you more than 1 thumb on 'oh youre sleeping!'?
Why should you, and not the other contestants be crowned America's next drag superstar?

I wanna win drag race because of something like this
Coco is the real lipsync assassin ijs
Lucky she has her asian friend to make her relevant 

Too far?
Omg pimp lady from the election
Twice
Nor derrick then
I thought shes dead
Yeay you've cracked the code
My theory (im sorry if its not Original but this is really came to my mind after watching the finale)

SEASON 9 finale wasn't supposed to be like what it is, because:
- Shea's obvious winner edit
- If they wanted to make Sasha as winner, i think they would let her win something else than just 2 shared winnings. I mean, then her winning will seem pretty legit
- they changed the format bcs charlie & Valentina.1 queen refused to lipsync is already bad. And then maskgate happened. I think the producers feel like they have to remind the viewers & future contestants that lipsync is the most important aspect of the show.

Im not teamshea (im teamtrinity) but i have to admit that shea was robbed as fcccccck. 

About the reunion 
- Aja's attack on Valentina was staged. It's obvious that they wanted to change the title of miss congeniality (maybe after seeing hateful comments towards val) but they dont want their hands to get dirty)

Thats only an opinion btw. Sue me

Edit typos
I mean, who will judge AS4 

You know, its gonna be years ahead, and Ru....

JK Kimora! JK
Phiphi will steal it
Actually a toot for me
Sometimes I forget this is off season already 
Trinity & BAM Alexis Mateo 
Kinda hate roxxxy on the show but now I realize how gorgeous she is
Female gremlin for s10
thick, juicy, gorgeous, hateful, and there to make it clear Roxxxxy Andrews
Looks like val to me tho
ART
Do they ship worldwide?
What a nice photo. Unusual photo of 'oh i met this queen'
Good then
Im feeling trinity will be the ginger :(
Dont joke about that 


/cry a river
Cucu
Fave season : 3
(Edit) Fave queens : 
X
🍵
🇵🇭👵🏼
X
🤹🏻‍♀️

🤡
🇬🇧
🍩
🍑🍑🌹
Okay lemme check thanks btw
Thanks  henny
Dax did slightly better imo
THIS! I really really really like Trinity but i have a huge feeling that shes gon get AS2Ginger edit
Means shes in
Season 3
Season 5
Tbh cucu's snatch game.
Im not trying to be mean but #RIPAOA
This is gonna be fun. I like RV, never considered myself as a fan (means i dont order their physical album) but I really love this concept. I probably gotta get 1
I only took seconds 

Thanks to little eddie
Im smiling and inside im like 'get him, jiyeon. Get him, queens. Eat dat old bat'
Im more to jiyeon too bcs im also kinda expressive but im qri here bcs idgaf lmao
Hahaha tag yourself im qri
Me tbh
That arose face or its just me
Dramatic 🌹 
1shannel
2raven
3manila
4chad
5roxxxy
6bendelacreme
7ginger
8kimchi
9trinity

AS1 manila
AS2 detoxic
When she was under Dax ExclamationNOpoint's spell

Jk i love dax actually
Alaska 8th from top
Katya 8th from bottom

Cmiiw
Shannel?
Makes me thirsty 
Ofc its always all about Valentina
See you on all stars
🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹
On serious note, i pick raja
Ornacia
I saw eureka on 'May the best woman win' like shes on top5

Come on eureka
Is ru pulling out trixie mattel look?
PROFESSIONAL 
S6 ABCD has strongest bond amongst all top 4 contestants from all season I guess 
No matter how many times i saw it, the phone recording one always got me cackling 
She said something about special project. S10? AS3? Are you ready for her cucu again?
My favorite comment! Lmao
Omg come on its just drag stop treating it like international diplomacy or something🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹
[OKURRRRRR](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/58/fb/c0/58fbc0f8ec2e09d3a2ee2fc60f11151a.gif)  
Valentina. Trinity. Before and after

Eureka. Before and Mooooore after the show
Wait what? 
WiseChi
Then Trinity would
Come on jaymes
Okay here's the thing
She played it right. Maybe she wasnt the most REAL queen ever walked through the door. But she did some nice things like being supportive towards queens like nina and farrah, and always avoided drama like she did to alexis and aja. I mean, she was pretty congenial back then on race, for haters to discredit her congeniality just because us messy fans or because shes fan favorite is not acceptable at least for me.

About not showing her true color, i mean she was in a competition ofc she needs to focus and play nice towards other queens. You can see she participated in lot of extra clips and thats enough of being socially active at least for me. And now she, for some other queens, has changed into someone that she wasnt, i mean thats human nature, she has less interest now, that she has eliminated. Then she moved on to another thing to focus. And i still dont see anything wrong with that. She aint saint but haters make her looks like daughter of lucifer or something just because she played the game she had to play. I think she  kind of reminds me of Bendela. Why haters complain so hard this time? Part of me agree that those queens are insecure of Val's popularity, and brought some weird obsession of them to val breaks the character. They maybe misunderstood thats not character thats just how she played the game

Okay you ask for my opinion then you got my pov
[i can only imagine such a bravery](https://68.media.tumblr.com/89da8cd26e7938139b237ce82acd5f2f/tumblr_oeny1oGcke1tpxsxoo1_500.gif) 
[nothing, my sister. its nothin](https://68.media.tumblr.com/0174aca7f1984b6cc90d4decf9399c83/tumblr_n3bsr1nF1D1qzqtn5o2_r1_500.gif) 
Coming from peppermint stan

Okay
I literally just clapping when she said being fan favorite means being the true winner. When its right its right tho. Some other alumni said the exact same thing
I think at some moments eureka and alexis supported her too. 
Thankyou for sharing your story
Thankyou so much i sent you message 
........



Boot
Save toot. I somehow like her boobs btw
Toot. My top toot alongside val
I hate The dress and the hairy legwarmer thing. Boot
Tooooooooooot. 
Boot
Tooooot
Boot
I like the dress actually but thats all. Im gonna give it a toot tho
Toot.
I have to boot it . i actually wanted to toot it bcs i really love pink. But the styling gave me nightmare
Toot
Safe Toot, very jaymes. 
Toot, probably my top toot. 

Clock my flair tho. But really its a great look for my taste
Come on arabian fish
Can i get HD for my wallpaper 
Yasss paula brachos. The main influence of my dramatic life
Absorbing all the negativity. Its good for her beauty. 

Edit
Ursula did the ritual on her back
Now can pledis do something like this to eyoung & kaeun  and somehow revive after school too?
Coming from someone who only can deliver look.
Cucu
Nina
Latrice
Ivy
Katya
Valentina
Yara
Bendela
Pandora

Sue me
Love love love 🌹 
Omg yas
Someone leaked a link that can peek the ongoing results of miss congeniality voting
Dat chest tho
She is amazing and sad to see she got one of the lowest percentage of Miss Congeniality.
Shoot 
SHOOT
I actually enjoy Bob's book ball, her finale lipsync and white dress, also from finale
Serena cha cha

The OG brain queen that is too smart that the show couldn't handle her. Her soft sculpture is legend
Trinity looks so gorgeous thanks
Category is: drag race fan re-doing violet chachki
Am i the only one who doesnt want Trinity to be on AS3? She needs to win this season. I highly think she'll be ginger minj on AS3. Shea will pull off chad for sure. But Trinty, idk. I really hope she wins this season. 
Finally first toot 
Girl. Im shocked too
Hello, it's me
Like your vajoyna

Haha sorry i just cant help
Btw

Dont forget the edit.
They could make Max looks like crazy attention whore

Maybe they can make the lipsync as just, well regular finale lipsync
Im sorry im just too shocked rightnow. The fact that shea & Trinity probably wont win........
Darienne lake had chance to beat bianca

Im done
If this happened on s4

America's next drag superstar is....

DIDA RITZ

Babe i lost my word.

I still want Trinity to win. Only give it up for Shea tho. 

The gagerine
No because I thought it gonna be 2 NY girls with Kimberly

But loooowwwwkey yes because she entered the werkroom 1st. For me anyone who came 1st into werkroom gonna make it far. Or at least producers thought they gonna make it far. 
All T no shade
The tightest top3 were S3 & S5. And probably AS3

And you will reply that roxxxy had no chance
Do you really have to repeat it in every comment? S5 top 3 were so tight. Tamar did you watch the show?
Dont underestimate s5 roxxxy just because you just watched her AS2 last night
OMG I WANT SCARLETT JO TO GUEST JUDGE AS3

Btw what a nice nice interview. [So you guys still think Ru wont crown Val just because the lipsync? ](https://68.media.tumblr.com/c2d3ae63cfe48849702330fa06b22823/tumblr_odj2x0XOtj1si3tc1o1_400.gif) 
Omg i feel you
She came for ru when anyone else couldnt
Its impossible. Just wear something simple and do some funny shit. 

Reminds me of alyssa (or roxxxy?) comment to jinkx in who wore it better mini challenge 
I feel so dumb that i dont get the joke
Rupual doesnt run shit on her side. RUPAUL does
Hi sichina cha cha
Raja's makeover look was a choice btw. I love raja. Except that raja
Google humor. How bout dat?
Fuck you alyssa

Thats my regular curse 
Whats up nerds
Why you let producer did what they did to max?
Only Tyra sanchez
Raja
[........ okay](https://media.giphy.com/media/8sC6URZeIbTMs/giphy.gif) 
No. Sorry. It's not because whoever i root this season. But looking back we got queens like chichi, detox, keneddy, or latrice royale, who are, for me, more deserving 

But it is what it is tho
LMAO get her jade
I barely can see anything tbh
Detox should've won that read u wrote u tho.
Choices

And people still voted that alaska 2 looks I couldn't believe it
Is that katya
- No leak
- Crown 3 of them so at least we wont know who's gonna win
- max
- manila luzon
Max
Shookt
Looks old. 
[finally](https://m.imgur.com/vdPLsrQ?r) 
We need someone to go home 1st
Im okay as long as its manila
This is hypnotizing 
Oh so it's another 'we hate Valentina' club day? Lets see how much we can hate Valentina today. 
OR 10yo valentina haters, who started at season 7, busy talking shits about valentina and her stans and busy proclaiming how congenial peppermint is, sometimes reminding how roxxxy o'hara cunt-ish Valentina was. They dont even know who are roxxxy and phiphi 
Nooo. Yes but no. Their deep voice. Their kind of awkwardness that i cant explain. Even lowkey their fashion sense. Sasha is like the upgraded level of princess
Duffy Swan

My name is duffy and kids used to call me duffy duck
Thats what im gonna say in top4 'what you gonna say to little dafi'
Okay i probably will be downvoted because of this. I just want you to know i mean no harm

But Sasha really reminds me of The Princess. With a liiiiil bit more brain, personality and humor 
Seems like someone busy downvoting anyone who put trinity on top. 
I say yes
That was shitty game. We deserve another game 
I love how people thought that Kimora would slay. I love her. I wish she lasted longer

1Trinity
2Shea
3Sasha
4Popper
Maskgate
Truth
No one outside valentina stan agree that she should win?

Oh okay sure because valentina was the monster of the season right?
Okay briar rose
[gowrl](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DBQdqyBUwAE-t6r?format=jpg) 
Written using period. Satanic
Aja's wonderful make up skill
Sasha is definitely 3rd for me but mainly because how clear i see the producers dont want her to win
I mean, iirc manila and alaska had better stats than jinkx or raja. Im pretty sure about raja tho. People here said it several times
Neck up looks good. 

Upper waist down looks good. I like how the dress fits her. 

But i dont like the tank top-ish top of the dress

Pardon my bad english
I mean, so did alaska. Or manila iirc

Yeah. Shea is winning, we all feel it like we felt to bob but Trinity sliiightly better chance than sasha. 
NOW THIS IS ART MAWMA
In other words. Tyra said chelsea's photo looks like Aja
Toot for your make up
Unpopular opinion. 
I want KimChi to win AS3
 Now you know who are the messy twinks ones. The haters or the stans?
For me, the last 3 seasons had the same patterns

Bob, Alaska, now Shea > consistently slaying - lip sync/meltdown/bottom - win

And that low moments weren't that legit either. At least for me. Like the producers only want us to see them, idk, the winner in low position? Weak side? Or to cover up the obvious winner edit?

Only my opinion btw. Sue me
I think im okay now if its her at the end. [but i'll be honest, i want Trinity to snatch the crown](http://www.pride.com/sites/www.pride.com/files/2016/10/14/289cf0a747534c348bc8062e940fe313.jpeg) 
Omg i feel bad for you. Only because you mentioned valentina
At this point i think its only between shea & trinity. So your mother just need to execute 1 
1 valentina. with lil bit of shea, sasha & charlie
2 alexis
3 idk for me none of them really stood out as comedy queen
4 eureka & trinity
5 cucu. 
Shea got winner edit
Trinity seems be liked by Ru
Sasha got 3rd placer edit. Like she's good, but they wont let her outshine the winner
I think its like s8 ep1. Crews actually have assigned them the look
She was. I never stan her but i admit she killed most challenges. But imo its clear that they dont want her to win. Because her edit is so faaaaar from winning edit. It even feels like they try to degrade her, make her less good as she supposed to be. 
Im trinity fan too but im super cool about her stats. Imho Sasha wont win this. If they want sasha to win, sasha would've won last challenge. So she will have more than just 2 shared winnings in her pocket. Clearly its gonna be between shea & trinity. Thats just my opinion tho. Sue me
Ikr me too
At this point imo Sasha wont win. 

If shes gonna win the judges will let her win this time so she'll have enough win in her pocket instead of just 2 shared winning. For me now shes just like pearl or naomi. Top 3 but wont win. 

I really think she deserves to win tonight, also shea actually but for me the only right formula is to give it to sasha. So they will look like equally strong. Its just my opinion btw. And im not even sasha stan. 
Yes. I agree
Btw I seriously think Kimora deserves more recognition. 
Valentina. And Kimora sometimes
Omg now she came for Bianca. Idk about you but this is new AS winner i think we really need rightnow lmao
I kind of think the winner and MC  voting are way different. Remember everytime Ru about to crown someone she said the decision is hers to made

Btw IMO if the queens got the right to decide, Valentina would still have big chance to win. She was really nice to other queens and maaaay be the queens will play it safe and just choose a fanfavorite. Thats just my opinion btw :)
[omg thats me! yes they hated me](https://68.media.tumblr.com/110263c63ddc7e4294ddea36563459e7/tumblr_onr7l3WfEp1w7jkrwo1_500.gif) 
They hate her fans. With a lil bit of hating the fact that fanfave will snatch the MC title (what if the fanfave actually deserves it?) And somehow they have illusions that Valentina is a fusion of phiphi o'hara and roxxxy andrews level kind of like villain
Everytime i reload the voting page, Aja's photo is the first one to show up. So. I kinda dont believe the loading theory. Unless someone could give any deeper explanation, i will enjoy the thought that Val is leading.

Sue me

(Somehow i kinda feel the sue me ending of a comment is like downvote repel. I love you nina)
Tbh yes im gonna be upset. I want Trinity because she brings something new to the winners circle. And i wont be mad if Shea snatched it. Because she deserves it. I dont say sasha doesnt. I just think the two are more deserving
Are you sure the haters are not the messy twinks ones? 
I feel so happy seeing val lead the vote. Sue me
I had to because its so silly
Hahaha who cares they can hate val as much as they want. Shes still makin money
YAS VAL

Edit: I hope its legit

Downvote me as much as you want. 
Wheres the blood i need sum climax
I wont be so curious if you wrote 'doesnt really deserve it' but you wrote really doesnt deserve it. 

Let me ask you a very fair question. What did valentina do so she really doesnt deserve it?
Haleloooo
[ikr :(](https://media.tenor.com/images/3bceec51f2b46c1385dc5cb74e7c7b3a/tenor.gif) 
Valentina. She was being nothing but calm at aja's meltdown and being so supportive towards other queens. I will get downvoted because of telling the truth
Ivy winters
Yes this is what im talking about.

Im sure that val haters are the ones who actually twinks
Yas ❤️ 
[yea im this kind of fan](https://68.media.tumblr.com/755d32335b4a9d6908382ea6f4af65ec/tumblr_oofi4qTYGV1vah80go1_500.gif) 

Btw i dont think you drag her down because of that. But because you said nonsense. For me nonsense = bullshit. In this case = valentina is such cunt / least congenial of all. I really appreciate you for explaining above. I agree with that. For you, this girl could be more than others. Thats fair thought :) i just don't particularly agree with your 1st statement. And im sorry for taking it too serious. I really like her!
I upvoted you back henny ❤️ 
Me too. Omg these people
Yes i totally agree with the way you argue, because for you pep could be more congenial. I just dont understand how people actually attack valentina, call her villaintina, said that shes not congenial AT ALL. Like you can be nice to someone like eureka or aja. EUREKA. I mean she constantly threw some shade and created some drama. I live for her, i just hate some double triple quarter standards here. We valentina stan could be annoying sometimes but dragging val down like this is pretty unfair and baseless 
Did we watch the same show? I mean, who is villaintina? You dont have to vote her but how can you say valentina as villain? 
E X A C T LY
I really dont understand just because Val is gonna win = she was cunt. I mean, tamar did you watch the show? Shes pretty congenial btw
Val. 
Me debating to completely stay away from next season spoiler but cant imagine spending even just one day in off season without checking shitposts 
Farrah & Charlie fussion were the best
A trident 
Detox is dat you
In serious note. I dont think people hate bob or shea. Some of us just dont maybe just want other queen to win. Or maybe just dont like how obvious their winning chances are
But trinty win s9. 
Art
This season is actually pretty bland. But idk i dont think it belongs to 'worst' category. And the casts are actually strong tho
Im with you. I mean. And she didnt win. And tbh dat naomi thing that tyra threw  wasnt even that shady. 
Exactly. Not a popular opinion but for me season 2 is one of the tightest season ever. If naomi was there, she wont even surpass sonique

I still love naomi btw.
Best response 
Whats the t?
I love drama and i love ms smalls. But i prefer her to stay away from this drama. She's too young for this. 
Come on syaria queen cant wait to see you werking hijab
Henny giving us ramadhan queen realness
Come on peeking nipnip
I never see Aja in such, in control expression like that.
I love dax. This sub doesnt. But i do.
Season 3 challenges were pretty exhausting too esp the sewings
And lil bit of pandora right?
Trixie isnt that strong, competition-wise
As for now, for me the frontrunners are Trixie, Chichi, Kimchi, and Valentina. And probably Nina Bo'nina Andre Charles Brown only if she can overcome her inner saboteur
The fans voted pennytration on s5 online voting contest
[who lowkey enjoy dis?](http://queerty-prodweb.s3.amazonaws.com/content/docs//2016/05/acid-betty-drag-race.gif) 
Max. Her aesthetic is my most favorite of all time.
Manila and Raja. My most favorite top 2 ever. 
Valentina. She's so interesting in term of attitude and i love her perfectionist side
Shade chi because shes so clumsy, yet shady. And her aesthetic is so genius
Ivy winters because shes probably the best seamstress in herstory of dragrace
Bianca del taco trio. Because obvious reason


Honorable mention detox, violet, tatianna, chichi devayne, carmen carerra, trinity taylor & kimora blac
ME TOO! Hahaha sorry then but really shes really fierce and i didnt expect that at all.  
I thought it was merch like doll or something. This is perfect even in HD zoom
IKR! Finally someone acknowledges her
Is that dax wearing red?
I cant explain my analysis due to my limited english. 

All i can say is reallllllyyy want Trinity to win, to represent the pageant queen in winners circle. Shea is fierce. But i love the idea of something new to the winner circle

But i know Shea is gonna win. Her edit for me, is verrrrry similar with Bob's
I didnt mean to say that she messed up. English isnt my first language so my explanation is so limited . What im about to say is there was something happened to each and every one of them, who people thought will slay from the ruveal.
Omg kenzie has such really interesting bone structure. Tyra banks probably will recruit her to her show
That's probably the best so far. But my problem with aja is, she once said that she's a fierce fierce fierce lipsyncer so the judges couldn't send her home. Idk maybe because of that, I expect more from her. And i didnt get that. Shes good. But just. 
Aja didnt nothing but okay. Shea did good but nina's energy was really lacking. Trinity did so well but charlie really dragged the show down. The lsfyl for me is not about one person doing great. Idk about you but i always consider both of the queens lipsync before naming it a great great lsfyl. But well thank you for reminding me how great trinity was 
After reading the last trivia i really think Trinity seems actually has chance to win. Shea got the winner edit i know. But, trinity is so fierce damn
Im sorry but the fact that alexis and peppermint still in the race kind of blows me. I didnt say that they don't deserve it. I just didnt expect it. I thought either eureka, aja, valentina, farrah or nina would be there. Well they kinda messed up so for me alexis and pepper just dida ritzing their place to be top 5. 
I cant remember any fierce (edit:) LSFYL this season, i dare to say.

Except for peppermint. But i cant watch cucu so, yea
Biological woman 
Look back with exact same expression 
Me too omg i feel sad. But then again congratulations once.
Oh i love this runaway theme
If i do drag i want to look like Max.

Her aesthetic is still the best. For me
I love trinity since her promo shoot tbh she looks sickening.


I dont like valentina's promo. She has no neck
Paris hilton - Nothing in this world
Amerie - one thing
Danity kane - bad girl/showstopper/one shot/striptease
Mariah carey - it's like that
Kelly clarkson - behind these hazel eyes/my life would suck without you
Nicole scherzinger - whatever you like
Destiny's child - bills bills bills/bootylicious/jumpinjumpin/ independent woman/survivor
Sugababes - push the button
Girlicious - like me!!!
Ashlee simpson - boyfriend/l.o.v.e

Basically all popular songs when i was highschool
Makes me wanna hug her and never let her go. Never let her go - Roxxxy Andrews
Where can i get skeleton legging like nina?
For me, after seeing tatianna, i want them to give another chance to not so popular yet fierce queen.

I agree that tyra sanchez probably needs to re-introduce herself on another season. 

And queens like max, kandy, april, tkb, jessica wild, ivy winters, joslyn fox. They popularity is probably mediocre and they deserve more recognition 

Not gonna happen i know
If it aint on bet i dont watch it
Rumor has it that detox is dead right after as2


Who we see now isnt detox. Its her talking trash can wearing detox's make up. Oh the trashcan also tweeted all those controversial tweets for sure
Trinity is my 2nd pick from the beginning. So im joining the tucking club now.


im cool if its shea tho
What about saintmora?

And anyway, good luck with that!

(Here comes the downvotes)

Ijk, ijk
Is dat magnolia on the back
Hhha why? I like the simplicity 
When she said violet has intention to be a little bit bitchy? But dats true. At least on early episodes 
True tho
Miss fame. Love her. Not her name

The princess. Esp when youre aesthetic is pretty far from princess

Madame laqueer. Esp when people just call her madame.


And i love hate kimchi. I freakkkking love her tho.

Ones of my most favorite names:
- Max
- Dax exclamationpoint (or just dax)
- Violet Chacki
- Naomi Smalls
- Detox
- Raja
- Tyra Sanchez
- Ivy Winters
- tatianna
- raven


And my most favorite are probably Laganja Estranja & Manila Luzon
Trinity: drag is versatile 
DAMN idk whether im stressed over work or this is really funny
Sasha belle
Some of them...
PMW. PS made wrong
WHATS UP NERDS?

MY NAME IS DAX EXCLAMATIONPOINTS AND IM THE QUEEN OF ALL NERDS
Good. I just want Trinity to win tho
Last statement im so agree. Thats why i want trinity to win. At least finally we have pageant representation 
Clock the flair. Nina = negativity 
STMW. Spoiler tag made wrong
Editing is obviously your passion
This
Nina is that you
Dammit :(
Why can we, valetina stan, just have our moment to feel grief and sad and angry? I mean, all of us do when out favorite sent packing. And i mean, it just happened. [why?](https://68.media.tumblr.com/17e07c3c8805cf5592cd6d4f243887d8/tumblr_ns23ltluAE1uym6sbo7_400.gif) 
I was thinking it. Jade said it
I hope Val learns something from this. And upgrade herself for Allstars 3
Your spoiler is the best thing
Omg this.
Where should i sign
Seriously tho im being super dramatic but this is the very first time i lost hope to the show. I mean, last time my fave at least made it to top 3 (toxie & kimberly)

Dobt blame me. Please just let us, val stan to grieve
MY ONLY LAST HOPE IS TRINITY NOW :(

but im okay if its shea 
Omg I thought about age
Wait i thought that theyre just dont have enough budget to use QueenB songs? 'wont let their music be used on the show' like really?
Cynthia lee fontaine's snatch game
But im gonna be honest the most iconic moment of the season is Aja's speech towards valentina.

[oh, and farrah](https://dfhfzl.tumblr.com/post/160757682312) 
"No, you're done because I'm gonna tell you why you're done"
GORGEOUS DAHLING
Why?
Chad 
Katya. 

More to her fans tho
I need this too
Citizen of The Baldtopia
Yes bcs she said before like she can kill lipsync and the judges cant send her home. And when she finally lipsync i was like, thats all you get?
Battle of the bald
Imo Because Raja is Raja. Shes FIERCE. Tbh her charisma is slightly higher than Manila. Despite the tight stats

In the other hand, probably Raven's charisma is pretty much bigger. I love tyra tho. She deserves her win 
Season 8

Wonky eyelash. Lisp. Big toes
Season 3

Asian. Supermodel. *Bam*
Roxxxy tatianna
Lmao its sasha ive been fooled but it was so refreshing (different story if they did trinity tho i could be mad)
PLEASE DO TKB VERSION I WANT TO FOOL MY NON REDDIT FRIEND
YOU GOT ME GOWRL
WHAT
You got me gal
Okay now i know the major spoiler looks like. I expect to see something but not in a semi(or it is) HD picture. Clear. No room for possibility. I will avoid this next time. My bad. Thanks for educating me. 

I feel bad for farrah but then again, one less queen to worry about
Omg and she was back to sleep after ru talked to her. Only tyra sanchez
As expected from my ivy
Wait where's vivienne? Lmao