Honestly dude just take the slightest, tiniest nibble of one of the threads on the sock and we can all call it even. Or drench the sock in chocolate and lick it clean or something. What I'm saying is...

Please don't eat a sock
Also not to mention the French Resistance that fought against Germany in France after they surrendered through the entirety of the war. I hate the surrender meme, their government surrendered so the country wouldn't be destroyed, but the people kept fighting
Wait that's not what the storm looks like now, and that UI on the right isn't what shows up when you win. How old is the screenshot they used for this?
You probably saw it but someone posted the deleted comments here, they're mostly either critical of his views, pointing out that Kanye is just popping off for media attention leading up to his new albums, or praising the dude that stepped in and tried to set him straight
Wait were these actually deleted? They're all pretty fine and discussion based, and they're pretty much the same stuff that everyone's saying in the /r/kanye sub. I'm surprised mods would delete so many legitimate comments
He definitely did, and after looking it up both of them are definitely in their 20s
Can I ask how old you are? I'm in my early 20s and no one I know acts like all people of any race are the same. Get with the times mate
Are you just straight up denying that different tribes in Africa just didn't/don't exist? Not all Africans are the same, I don't even know how this is an issue for you. At the end of the day, sure, the blame is on the African tribe leaders that partook in the slave trade, which in turn means that Africans partook in the slave trade, which in turn means all Africans partook in it, but *that's* the mental gymnastics here, and you're the one doing them
He's been narcissistic, not a slavery-denier. He's gone gone way, way, way overboard from his norm over the last week or so
How has anything he's said over the last week been kidding? Have you seen the tweets? No one tweets controversial opinions 100 times a day as a joke
I mean, having to declare bankruptcy to "pay" for a medical bill still sounds ridiculous. Surely that fucks you up long term financially? Higher rates and such
Yeah but then you waste time going to campus / hanging around campus 3 separate times throughout the week, instead of just getting it over with on tuesday from 2:30 to 5:30 or something
Do the insurance companies pay the difference? Like is this person's insurance paying $488,000 to the hospital? 
Won't those non-paying patients be legally hounded for payments for the rest of their lives though? Non-American who doesn't know a lot about American healthcare asking
It's just, I get it for sure, you can't put a price on life, but to say that $350,000 in medical debt is rightfully expensive for any medical issue is just ridiculous to me. I genuinely really like America for the most part, and in theory I could see myself living there for sure, but I was born in a country with universal healthcare and I will never, ever move somewhere without it.
I don't think I understand, bernie principles as in he'd be running on a leftist platform but campaigning like trump did? Because that's the only way I can read it but it pretty clearly goes against a lot of the political views he's been having recently 
Man I slept for like 4 hours last night and woke up at 5 am and couldn't fall back asleep, so after like a half hour of laying there i got up to check out the S4 stuff. I played 3 solos and died within the first 2 minutes because I was sight seeing around the crater, then I played  my first real solo of the season and took it all the way to the end. I got my first solo win of the season at like 7 am on the first day, it was also my first solo win ever! First time I've felt like I deserve my john wick
I like to imagine that even though it was a packed theatre, there were only like 5 or 6 people playing (that's what happens in my theatres anyway), and they all just happened to think like NL.

I just want to say it loud and clear, I'm Canadian and I've never met anyone who would agree with any of the answers that NL won the game with. Literally every "wrong" answer made more sense
Is there more to it outside of this screenshot? Doesn't really look like a fake moon landing set from the pic
Well yeah, like Nek has played it in the past but this time he probably just opened the launcher when he knew they were recording and wished them well
Dusty is genuinely my favourite spot to land solo, I'm gonna miss it. Hopefully the giant hole in the earth that the comet leaves will strike me the same way
https://imgur.com/a/vOazW
hot take
tbf they were probably shown the pic of the characters doing this pose for like 5 seconds and were told to replicate it, in a photoshoot you're supposed to squeeze as many pics in as you can before your time is up, honestly there are probably 15 more pics of this pose that hit the cutting floor
His voice got squeaky through puberty but they made fun of it on the show a bit and I mean come on, when you cast a kid pre-puberty for a role that'll last through puberty, that's not his fault. He's pretty good on that show, even if you think his voice is a con (I don't)
Sounds like she handled your iron comment really well, because there's no way she was going to go into that "it's possible but you have to go to extreme lengths" point
Say what you will about fighting in hockey but I grew up watching these leafs and I kind of miss seeing full 5v5 fights where guys end up without their jerseys or with their chest protectors half off
Everyone's mentioning the price or earthquakes but imagine being on a gondola with a bunch of drunk fans after a loss. I was on the subway after the Leafs lost last night and it was a bit obnoxious, I can't imagine being on one of these things with a bunch of yelling overweight dudes who're having trouble keeping their balance
I'm kind of sick of ye dissing his friends like this then tweeting like 4 "EVERYBODY SHOULD LOVE EVERYBODY" tweets, like nah you show the love first dude you're being a dick
Yeah I'm on a 1070 and same thing, glad to know other 10xx people are getting it. I was probably about to spend the next hour updating everything and restarting a bunch of times, you've saved me that frustration

*edit:* I've only started to get the stutters after having the game open for about an hour (it's happened twice so far)
I've liked all the comet stuff up until now. Comet in the sky? Cool! Comet breaking apart and burning up in the atmosphere? Neat! Giant pieces of the comet falling and hitting the ground, looking and sounding like explosions and making me think I'm under attack? Don't like

*edit:* oh sorry i mean the comet is the coolest thing ever, wow this event is awesome and totally hasn't dragged on
That's brand new this patch right? Went from 100 fps on epic to 50-70 fps
Yeah, at least 4-3 doesn’t have as nice of a ring to it
I don’t really care who a celebrity supports but when someone tweets “I don’t necessarily agree with this politician” then goes on a 20 tweet rant about how much they love that politician I have a hard time believing that first tweet
mmm for sure, I get like >1 rpg per week, so I really liked that one, I wouldn't mind an explosives week redux (tridux? I don't remember how many times we've seen that ltm)
I agree with you, but because of the increased drop rate buying a gold scar from a vending machine is like 5 trees or 5 rocks in a quarry, don't act like you spent 5 mins straight mining for it like you have to in a real game mode

For the game mode's faults (again i agree, this mode is full of assholes), I've still had more fun with 50 v 50 than with any other LTM. To the point that if I don't have a duo partner or a squad to play with, I've only been playing 50 v 50, haven't played solo since it came out
Wait, who says the costume is getting mixed reviews? Say what you will about the dialogue (or the fact that venom has his own movie outside of the spiderverse at all), but I’ve only seen excited responses to the face reveal
LET'S GO!
Maybe, but if the government steps in to stop this strike it’s 100% going to be for BTW legislation
This was posted **before** the Toronto incident even happened dude. By the way I live in Toronto, before you dismiss the fact I just told you by saying I'm just laughing at another city's misery. Fuck you by the way.
I’m at least waiting for April to unfold before saying we’ve had a good start. I mean up until this point we have, and it’s been infinitely better than last year, but it feels kind of cheap to call it now with a week left in the first month of the season. 
Starting to sound like we're all currently getting hit by the big one
Man what? I come to this sub once a day and scroll through the whole front page and I can’t remember ever seeing a “making fun of Islam” pack (probably because there just isn’t a ton there to mine comedically). I have seen tons of SJW, black culture, women, and racial stereotype packs that get thousands of upvotes though, don’t twist what this sub is so you can pretend everyone’s too sensitive
Not in my program, but that’s because the last strike lasted about half as long as this one has gone on for, so classes had time to resume and end without going past late may
A simpler (and even less likely) way of this happening is for all 3 runners to just inexplicably run like 30 feet off the baselines
10% OF THE LEAGUE'S TEAMS OWN 50% OF THE LEAGUE'S GRAND SLAMS, IT'S TIME TO FIGHT BACK
Is it starting today or tomorrow night?
Oh my lord this one I just hate
I SEE YOU REPPIN [THE PACK](https://www.reddit.com/r/THE_PACK/) AUSTIN YOU BAD MFER!!!!!! 
LET'S GO BOYS LET'S GO CACTUS JUDGING BY THE 3RD PERIOD FREDDY MAY NEVER LET ANOTHER GOAL IN AGAIN NO MATTER HOW RIDICULOUSLY OPEN THE NET IS LET'S GO LET'S GO
I'll never understand this argument in any big AAA game, I just really don't think the guys cooking up new items are the ones that fix bugs
Completely fake, I (and someone else on the sub) got this email this morning too. I've been getting them for a month and a half, they always go to the spam folder and nothing ever comes of them
Haha just got this this morning too, 100% fake. I've been getting them for the last month or two, this is the first time I've seen this exact variation but some website must've sold my address or something (they only come to an address I haven't used for 10 years, so I doubt they found it on their own)
Actually it doesn't anymore, they patched it up
Oh I picked up the exact opposite, are these not the Philly announcers? I thought they were talking about how obvious the dive was, not that the dive shouldn't matter. At the beginning I thought they sounded disgusted at Hornqvist's dive because they thought he'd get away with it
Yeah for sure, I'm thinking a man in a suit, but not like a normal suit, a black suit, and maybe he's a shaggy man, with long hair and a beard. Just a suggestion tho could be something else, maybe a glider with some brake lights or something
If you've lived in Toronto for any extended amount of time and still think Ford could be the lesser evil then I don't know what to say
Me too, I'm all for admitting he deserved a suspension, but it's gross when one of our boys does something wrong and the top comment in the hockey thread about it is a leafs flair talking about how they're so sick of that player's behaviour and how they shouldn't be allowed to play again or whatever, like come off it, it's a bad look, just try to stay out of it
My bad, I didn't mean to personally say he did nothing wrong, he deserves 2 games imo, I've just seen a lot of comments from leafs flairs actually trying to defend it beyond just lying about what happened, I only went through like 6 of the comments in that album I just assumed he included some of the (more common) level-headed arguments too
That's what gets me, if he's actually not playing tomorrow night then I'll settle down and agree with the 3 gamer, but he laid prone on the ice until the refs skated over to him and immediately got up on his knees after that, I'm still open to the conspiracy that mgmt kept him out of practice today to affect the length of the suspension 
Okay I mean I think it should've been 2 and the reffing last night was a bit rough but the leafs and Toronto probably make up like 10% at least of the league's profits, they don't hate us
Anyone in the suspension thread with a leafs flair that says Kadri deserved less than 3 or that it makes sense that leafs fans don't want him out that long is getting downvoted like crazy. I'm sick of seeing every leafs flair on that sub have to start their comment with "Kadri deserves a suspension and I hate him" since the game last night
Oh no, Leafs fans didn't want one of their top scorers suspended in the playoffs, what a surprise
Can someone explain the cracked screen in the iPhone pack? Most of my friends with Androids have a ding or a long crack somewhere on their screen, but the only smashed iPhone I've seen was mine after it fell out of my pocket onto a Wendy's floor
It's probably the worst time for this post
Shit dude do you think the servers are down?
But Rockstar has been an awful dev recently, they scrapped all GTA V single player dlc to add more microtransactions and events to the online, should've shown CD Projekt RED or Blizzard or something
At this point the only thing ending this strike is arbitration, and CUPE has all the power since they clearly refuse to back down from their (imo kind of ridiculous) demands, so the only reason CUPE will agree to arbitration is if the government pulls another back-to-work legislation. So it ending by this Friday is literally 0, and it ending by next Friday is probably also 0. 

From what I've heard the strike has to end between April 20th and May 1st for York to maintain 2 slightly shortened Summer semesters, so that time frame is what you want to look for (though again, CUPE will not go to arbitration unless they're forced to, so the government will have to make them, and when the strike started the government said they wouldn't interfere).

So honestly the strike even ending this month is probably less than 50%, but we'll see. I wouldn't look forward to it ending before May though.

I also apologize, I've been keeping up to date on the strike itself, but I have no idea about anything involving remediation.
I mean, yeah why would it come up when you sort by new?
i'm 100% sure this is a shitpost but the dab emote is $5 m8
Show me another rookie player worth following more than Ohtani right now

Wait, Ohtani is considered a rookie right?
"Hey guys, the Japanese player bent over, that means he must have been bowing to show respect to the opposing player!" or he just stopped and overemphasized the momentum of his run, making him bend over. I mean if he was bowing at anyone he was bowing at his first base coach
These are cringey, if he ever references fortnite he'll probably literally say the word "fortnite" or he'll say "take the L" or something, no way he's going deep on a full verse about it, let alone a song
m8 where's the 180, i was waiting for a spectacular kill but all i got was a regular deagle kill
Why are there so many threads titled "Dear Epic"? I know we're all complaining about the downtime but like in general, so many posts get titled "Dear Epic"
To be fair, if it took over an hour to download the update on the hotel wifi then the downtime probably saved you a terribly laggy experience
I'm not too mad about the downtime but gimme a free hotline bling dance, then we talkin
Oh good, I must've misunderstood OP's "we can't edit/kill" comment
I imagine it's the 99 other players, I wouldn't think too much about it as long as it isn't causing any frame rate issues. The game isn't a knock out in the graphics department but my 1070 gets hotter in this game than it does in any other game I play. There's just a lot going on off screen
Has to be tolerated to be honest, we're at the whim of whatever Epic wants to do to the game. So far they have a good record with this game, and recent patches have been questionable, but I believe they'll get a feel for how the game should be. I mean imagine being the dev behind the by-far the biggest game in the world, must be a difficult position to be in, to say the least.

I just hope they start thinking harder about what they're adding to the game, guided missiles and port-a-forts aren't bad additions per-say, but they're certainly odd, and they both change the meta somewhat drastically
I think the port-a-fort is kinda cute but can we actually not edit walls to see through them anymore? That one hurts
Why's the pump bad? I've been saying it's bad for like a month but my duos partner refuses to believe me, I need stats to back myself up. I keep saying the damage is too inconsistent but he keeps using it anyway. More taccys for me I guess
I agree, Blizzard games and PUBG have had this forever (and I assume a lot of other games that I don't play as well). In a game as competitive as this one I'm surprised they don't have a PTR already

Honestly good, this should fix things and it's extremely needed
I actually stopped watching this after the first minute because I want to be surprised by the gameplay. Every time I see something new about this game I get more excited, which isn't a feeling I'm used to in the game world nowadays. At this point the web slinging and the combat look very good, all I hope now is that this game has the ability level up system that Spider-Man 2 had (or an improved version), which I assume it will.

Oh man I'm excited for this one!
Man I wish it didn't die so quickly, I got it for 360 about a year after it came out and the first thing I did was try to play the multiplayer but after a 15 minute search I couldn't find a game :/

Honestly I still hold out hope for a Bioshock 4 within the next 5 years. I know it's super unlikely but every game in that series delivered imo, it's my second-favourite series behind the Starcraft games
Did it ever leave the meta? I thought today's patch made it slower to switch between 2 guns, so why is it "back" now? Not that I've been able to play on my PC all night anyway
can u knight me as a furry 2 pls UwU
Honestly the staleness of the meme just makes it being on the overlay funnier. Drac's new overlay is 20/10 tho, dude's becoming a better artist every day
Incredibly fair, Paul Teutul Jr. has a resemblance to Dan "The Red Shirt Meme Man" Memesling, sort of like Ther "Thermie" mite from the hit 2015 game PUBG.
So will this meeting result in any forward progress on the strike, or will it be as meaningless as the one a month ago?
> meme guy

Excuse me? That is Paul Teutul Jr., Son of Paul Teutul Sr. and brother to Michael "Mikey" Teutul. He works at Orange County Choppers, originally as a partner and currently as a consultant, on the Discovery Channel show "American Chopper" (which ran from 2003 to 2010, I'll have you know). The man has a name, my friend, and he can build a motorcycle better than you ever will.
Tomo, Tomo, I'll love you, Tomo
Seriously, stop pushing out new content if it's going to break the servers for the *entire* day/night of the patch. Honestly It's not going to make me stop playing but I'm getting sick of settling in to play for a few hours at night and the game just doesn't work, I feel like we get something like this every patch day (though today is especially bad, usually it's cleared up by now).

Idk, the fact that the dude's discord name is "Riddle" and not TheRiddler is weird, and beyond that if you google "theriddler account share" you get no results related to SC (except theriddler's twitter profile, obviously). Also if you google "avilosc2 btw in case you hadn't realized" you also get no relevant results.

Besides, afaik theriddler was ahead in the game that got called off, and it was his play that caused it. If anything avilo should be glad he got a do-over. And why would avilo say theriddler copied his name? haha
lowkey SC is a pretty toxic community. I love the game and I love the pro scene, but down in gold and plat you see a LOT of racial/sexuality slurs when you beat someone, it's ridiculous and you're right, our community deserves a popular toxic streamer. 

I see comments where people act like SC is pure and innocent and everyone just wants to get better at the game and help new players but if you actually believe that then you should see some of my replays
haha holy shit that last one
Good stream, docket was vintage af and the insane amount of new content in UCH was a cool surprise
You really gonna say everyone else is salty when we're commenting in the thread you titled "Fuck you epic"?

It was a humble brag, the amount of skins you own isn't relevant at all to the point you were making
Holy shit I hope you're rich because this is the saddest shit to brag about

*inb4 "i'm not bragging i'm just saying i have so many i don't even really care about this skin i'm bitching about"*
Nice 100% made up quote to made you look right
I mean if they watched the video they would've understood it the joke, they clearly just read PumpedUpBricks' tweet and didn't watch it at all. 

**edit:** also this video in particular has 3.7 million views, so it's not exactly a niche video
#WORLD SERIES FAVOURITE NEW YORK YANKEES
Haha how high is that guy?

*edit:* I think I've transcribed his post for people that have trouble reading it (I did).

> Hi I would like to get your opinion on something: if someone's on the run because they failed to show up to a parole officer meeting, can that person hire a lawyer to get out of going back to jail in the state of Maryland?


That's what happens when the alternative is a Ford brother. Nothing against the conservative party as a whole necessarily, but I'll never vote for the brother that made Toronto an international laughing stock for the final years of his tenure. It's kind of funny that our provincial election is turning into a lite version of the Clinton-vs.-Trump election.
Yep, I'm set to graduate in June but at this point I honestly hope the union gets as little as they want as possible. I can even see the subreddit's perspective changing as a whole, there are a lot less "fuck Rhonda" posts as there were in the early weeks, I think people are realizing that York has offered them a fair deal and the union has refused it out of spite or hubris or... honestly I don't know why they've refused it. I kind of think they're trying to set a precedent for the future, like "if you don't give us everything we want we **will** strike every time, so just give in immediately," and I'm happy the admin isn't falling for it.
Can someone describe what's changed so drastically?

From my eye, our outfield feels a lot more solid (Grichuk is good defensively, Granderson is a good 4th man, no more Carerra, and Pearce is hitting well), we got rid of Goins and Barney, Sanchez's finger is healthy, and Tulo was out to injuries right away ^^^no ^^^offence ^^^Tulo ^^^I ^^^still ^^^believe ^^^you ^^^can ^^^do ^^^well ^^^again.

Is that really all it took? Most of these changes were removing players and bringing in average-to-slightly-above-average players at best.

*edit:* just realized we dumped Bautista as well, no offence to him he's a Jays hero but we're certainly going to do better off with anyone else in the field and nearly anyone else at the plate. I think I'm starting to see what drastic changes occurred. 
I think a good manager does care about it, and I think that's why Gibby left him out there. Sanchez proved that he could work through the entire order *almost* perfectly, he was clearly on tonight and proved it for 7 innings straight. That said I know after there were Orioles on second and third I was hoping he'd throw in ~~Loup~~ (just kidding) Tepera or Barnes or someone, but Sanchez proved that he deserved the chance to finish what he started.

*edit:* just as a sly remark, Gibby has certainly proven that he understands his pitching staff better than the weasel over the last couple years, which is really nice to see first hand
Kind of how I use the impulse grenade and crossbow in squads, just to push my boys around or shoot at them and say "shots from east, somewhere from east" in the early game
Also if the OP is right then York is the only uni in Canada that even has a pathway for part-time professors, so not only are they asking for things no only uni has, they're asking for **more** of the things that no other uni has (and York is willing to give them 6 per year instead of the current 2). I'm not really for or against either side, I think they've both handled the strike sub-optimally (the fact that it even got to a strike proves that), but right now York is definitely the less evil of the two, as crazy as that sounds.
Oh yeah that was a dumb assumption on my part, they're probably there at least a few hours before the game and a couple hours after, probable getting 6-8 hours per home game
From what I've heard it's already Ford's election to lose (jesus christ I still can't believe he's running/is the favourite to win), at this point I feel like her stepping in and fixing our semester will win her more votes than it'll lose. I mean most (if not all) of us can vote too, I think she'll gain more student votes than she'll lose union member votes if she shuts this down
CAD, and I think only Ontario and one other province has min. wage at $15, so like $12ish USD

Wow, I just realized why Ontario passed the $15 min. wage thing, it's $14ish right now and will be $15 by next year, and it really just puts us on par with the conversion rate to USD
Oh wow, I forgot he had Tommy John so early
I want him as a closer forever, when he comes into a 1 run game I actually feel like we're guaranteed to win, but how would he do as a starter? I know it was thought about a little bit last off-season, but do you think he could hold up for 5+ innings?
He will, I have no doubts. He looks bad now after 2 games but all he needs is one 1 run night to get his ERA around 4 or 5, and one more to get it back to normal
So our boys make $15 per hour plus the tips the guy above you was talking about, not bad for like 21 hours per week at max, considering you get on the field for the game, interact with pros, and that the MLB guys probably tip pretty well
TV, 100% TV. The episode of The Office where Michael hires his nephew as intern is a good example of the "interns only exist to buy everyone coffee and do nothing else all day" stereotype
> I just needed to tell someone whether you listen, care, or don’t care.

Judging by this last sentence I'm worried you won't actually read the responses or will just instantly disagree with them because they disagree with you, you shouldn't do this. You have some opinions that I tend to agree with, limited mound visits is silly to me, but the comments saying it isn't the 50s and 60s anymore are completely valid criticisms of your post. 

Pitchers shouldn't throw 140 pitches in a game anymore, that's just reckless and completely disregards the medical concerns with throwing the ball that much. Announcers talking about advanced stats isn't a bad thing, what do you want them to talk about? How they have soft hands or that they're seeing the ball real good tonight? That's stale commentary that means nothing, these advanced statistics actually show us *why* they have "soft hands" or see the ball well against certain pitchers.

*edit:* Ah, yeah, he deleted it :/ It's too bad because he's entitled to his opinions but I just wish he kept it up and actually talked about it. Not much of a rant if you just run away from your post
The union is almost definitely not going to agree to arbitration, but when do you think they'll publicly agree/disagree?
Well yeah that's what I meant I guess, the term "gimp" isn't exactly a nice term. I'm with you, it's stupid, but I get it
That's supremely dumb but let's be honest, it's never exactly been a PG nickname
That's my problem with the ending, he really didn't. James never knew that Michael was behind Bitter Bonsai (and he even parted ways with Michael recently), and the fact that he didn't speak up in the final scene in this episode just reminded me of a Three's Company episode, where the entire plot hangs on a misunderstanding and no one (i.e. James) is willing to speak up and set the record straight. Kinda frustrating to see clearly misplaced anger like that, hopefully the next episode opens with James at least trying to explain things, whether or not anyone believes him.
In the replies on her tweet she said "I thought people would click on that I tweeted this because it looks funny zipped up, but clearly not lol," but in a lot of replies she said that she's fuming and livid about it, so I don't really understand her side at all. If she only tweeted this because the jacket looks goofy zipped up that's fine, but she shouldn't be angry about it, it was pretty clear from the left pic that this jacket was going to be puffy like a marshmallow
Wow double handy I forgot about that, they got like 5 minutes into seggers 2 and already regretted it
Even the best segments can't survive a 2 hours segment imo, they ran Human Fall Flat for 2 hours the first time they played it (or the second time) and that kind of ruined it for me even though it's obviously a perfect NLSS game
Straight from the A's, JD
hey now, we're all birds here
What makes the admin think that interest arbitration could end the strike today? Considering the votes weren't even tallied until around 1:30 and it would take at least a few days to even start setting the process up I'd assume the earliest arbitration could start is Friday/next week. 

It just feels scummy that they'd slip in that "Interest Arbitration could end this strike today" line, like theoretically yes, if arbitration was in effect right now it could end it if everything went perfectly, but it's not in effect and it won't go perfectly, nothing could end this strike *today*. It just seems like an unnecessary lie to give students false hope that the strike could still end soon, even though it's pretty obvious it won't.
Wow that was just extremely not even close, huh? I at least expect an 80/20 split or something but unit 3 was literally 43 to 1.

So what's the next step from here?
Yeah probably, I'm guessing both sides have pre-written announcements depending on how it turns out, it's pretty common
Aren't they always? Why will this year be worse?
York just said that classes will be scheduled during the exam period, but I'm confused by your first point. I thought the vote this weekend was on whether or not to end the strike, and was being voted on by CUPE members? So if they vote to end then they won't still be on strike
You mean you don’t like 75% of the posts that hit /r/all being:

“DO [THING]

BECAUSE [OTHER THING] HAPPENED”

with a kinda weird photoshop in the background?

Idk, kinda weird to me that a sub devoted to making weird surreal memes just keeps rehashing the same joke, like these could literally be about anything but they’re always just this or a random sentence that isn’t associated with the picture at all. It’s all too “*look how random I am*” for me
Not for me but it's top 3
In the weeks leading up to its release they talked about it a little bit, but as far as I know no one had plans to see it and they didn't talk about it this week
The “no classes can resume until April 23” thing goes against most of what I’ve heard, which is that classes will likely resume on Wednesday if CUPE votes to end, do you have any references that say it can’t start again until the 23rd?
...really? I prefer chrome but those all sound like pretty reasonable reasons, he asked for a Safari extension and got a snarky response, he said his reasons clearly, and none of them came off as /r/iamverysmart
I get your point but I don’t think anyone wants to have a bunch of 5 year old routers or 4 year old outdated computers that no one’s buying
I mean I guess but like, is that really the stance we want to take when aspects of the game are bad (I.e. the mobile controls)? If someone complains about the awful bloom in the game the answer isn’t “then don’t use guns”
I bought some on mobile a couple weeks ago and I have them on PC, is this just a console issue?
In Canada it’s still $13.99 or something for 1000 V Bucks, are you in America? Because if not it’s probably more expensive because your dollar is worse than the USD
Also sorry, I have no idea why this tagged itself as an arcade post, it's definitely campaign related.
literally 0%

Tough one to lose after the Granderson almost-catch but we had chances and our bullpen kept us in it. We're gonna lose games like this, we looked pretty good out there. I came into this season with extremely low expectations and I've been happily surprised since the third game
I love that they put apostrophes around "MOST AMERICANS," the apostrophes kind of imply that it's a made up fact, it's so good
Yeah I just watched the whole thing and didn't hear anything about Devin. Maybe I just missed it to an extreme extent but nothing stood out as out of taste (and I didn't hear Devin's name at all)
I'm trying but I literally can't see the point of your comment
Can you tell me what bloom is in fortnite? In other games it's always been in reference to an ugly lighting graphic, but I'm assuming that's not the case here
Probably not if I had to guess. They're technically the same union but the terms our branch wants are different, and in my experience the York branch is ferocious (i.e. they ask for a lot and refuse to back down, for better or worse)

*edit:* York is also ferocious as in they don't like to back down either, we're in a classic "Unstoppable force meets immovable object" situation
I'm calling it, this image is cursed, it's actually making me dizzy irl
I can't but I just want to say that that show might actually suck. I watched like 4 or 5 episodes and the acting is just... it just might be the worst acting I've ever seen.

That said, props to Ryab for turning me onto Extreme Animal Obsessions, now **that's** a show
Be our inside man, get a job at Chick-fil-A and record that bad girl
2 people shooting at walls will pretty much always out-damage the guys trying to build though. I get your sentiment and if they nerfed the health of the missiles I think you have a good point, but as is it has 100 hp and takes 5 hits from an epic scoped scar, turn that into 3 hits and I think we have ourselves a somewhat balanced guided missile
I think it's balanced in solo and duos, but it's way too good in squads. I won a duo the other day where I just shot the dude's missiles down with an assault rifle until he ran out and had to actually fight. 

I think the best way to balance it is to lower the health of the missiles, right now it takes about 5 shots from an epic scoped scar to kill one, if they took it down to 70ish health and made the animation for exiting the control of the missile a bit longer it would be decent. Right now it takes quite a bit to "just shoot it down." Like it's possible, but it's time consuming and takes a decent amount of ammo
I mean worst we're talking is $45 a month (not counting supreme because it's a non-monthly clothing brand that has nothing in common with anything in this pack). If you're broke because of $45 a month then you should start looking at where else you're spending your money
hm, honestly I was under the impression that profs could choose to suspend class individually, maybe it's up the department alone?

I'm in my last year of Cinema and Media Studies and my entire department suspended classes in favour of the strike, but yeah I think that if a department suspends class a prof can't keep running
hmu when there's a strawpoll (with no meme answers, just straight up "april 8-18, 19-30" etc)
Meh, they'll all be in Jays jerseys after the Leafs win the cup
Everyone can cross the picket lines. I'm in my 5th year and I've walked past the picket lines like 8 times. That said, anyone can say that they're *not willing* to cross the picket lines, i.e. profs can say that they aren't willing to cross picket lines and won't run their classes
Oof, I'm gonna be honest that title really threw me for a loop. 

Anyway, from what I've read here even if the union votes in favour of accepting whatever deal is offered, YUFA has stated that they'll reject it and the strike will continue. Can someone say if this is correct? It's just what I've read around here
m8s I only watched pool time with NL and Nek, y'all are commenting like it was awful, do I watch the rest?

look I'm gonna watch the rest 100% there's no doubt in my mind but like, prep me, how was it
I'm sad NL isn't incorporating this really good new crop of fan content. Between this, the Mario intro, and Drac's new overlay we're having a resurgence of great, dumb af NLSS fan content, get it on the show u eggggg
Leafs playing **well** too. Leafs are always gonna sell out but now that they're in the playoffs for sure and on the cusp of breaking a team record for points I think more people are going to want to stay home and watch the leafs game (or split screen them both like me) than miss it and see the early season Jays.

If the Jays keep a winning record after the hockey playoffs attendance is going to skyrocket
Kinda looks like he just doesn't shampoo it / only conditions it. If it's an actual product I'm going to guess a light hold + medium shine pomade based off the pic of him with glasses
Retiring Doc's number
nonono you don't understand, 50 signatures from semi-anonymous people on the internet will 100% end the strike
What's the ~~over/under~~ chances on us seeing Vladdy and/or Bichette in September? Before September?

Obviously spring training isn't a perfect showcase (most of the time it's mostly two AAA teams playing in the major team's jersey), but they continue to be fantastic
Oh I assumed from the title that they didn't do this on purpose but I guess it's a big ambiguous, if they didn't just do it for the video then tossing the thing outside would've saved a ton of cleanup (especially if that stream had hit the ceiling) though
That looks really cool but also looking at it is making me nauseous 
What do scammers even gain from that sub? 

Seriously, I don't understand the point of it, anyone know?
I 100% think that the people posting on the sub don't represent the majority of people's opinions. Before the strike this sub had like 10-20 people online at a time, now in the day it's at like 200, right now it's at 80. People are here because they're mad/it's easy karma to shit on the york president right now. I can't give you advice on how to get *real* opinions on the school, because everyone you ask will be biased, but in general people are definitely not as mad as they are on this sub right now.
This sub is a joke, don't bother with it. I come here to get updates on the strike, that's it. You notice how as soon as there was wind of the strike every single post was suddenly a shitpost about how bad the uni and the execs are? I'm not saying there's something fishy going on, just that people who are already unhappy with their experience here are *a lot* more likely to post during a strike than people who are content with it
Hmm, i won’t say it here but it’s pretty uncommon and we only got this one email (I.e. we didn’t get a “John@bigdog.com”), and he would’ve received anything @‘d to the “bigdog” address.

I should say that just ran an avast virus scan and I’m clean, so the email is legit, but it creeps me out that they found my uncommon first name and connected it with this server
Thanks guys, def a scam, big relief. I found this listed as a scam in the comments section of a different website, and it has EXTREMELY similar language, which backs the scam thing up:

"Good day.
Dont consider on my illiteracy, I am from India.

We installed mine malicious program on your device.

At present I pilfered all personal info from your OS. Moreover I have slightly more compromising evidence.
The most interesting compromising that I thieftend- its a record with your self-abusing.
I put virus on a porn page and after you installed it. When you chose the video and tapped on a play, my virus immediately adjusted on your device.
After adjusting, your web camera shoot the videotape with you wanking, additionally it saved precisely the porn video you masturbated on. In next week my virus grabbed all your social and email contacts.

If you wish to erase the records- pay me 305 united state dollar in BTC(cryptocurrency).
Here is my Btc address – 17zZN65rYffp3SpDsmMXA34zhU1i7c3NJA
You have 24 hours from this moment. As soon as I see transaction I will eliminate the videotape evermore. Other way I will forward the record to all your colleagues and friends.”

If anyone knows how they linked my first name to my dad's email server let me know though, that still really weirds me out. My guess is they bought my info from an email spam or something, but unnerving for sure
No worries at all! Sorry if the original post sounded snarky in any way (I'm not sure if it did but I didn't want it to), I was just surprised by the x2 speed. Honestly I've never seen a game cast in x2 so it was pretty interesting haha
Thanks! The enable addition team textures setting was the culprit (sort of). I already had it on but it was still the problem, so if anyone has this issue and already has it on, you have to turn it off, restart starcraft, turn it back on, then restart again. That fixed it for me.
How to buy a shirt (RED)
Both sides are misleading, don't trust either
LIES! DECEPTION!
You guys just picked up a really entertaining tweeter, seriously A's fans you should follow him
Any chance eGPU support will involve nvidia cards or will make it easier to use them in BootCamp? I have a 2016 MBP and a 1070 that I run in BootCamp and it is a *pain* to initially set up (disabling the dGPU and stuff), and booting into it involves two boots (one without the eGPU plugged in then another with it plugged in).

[This](https://www.gigabyte.com/Graphics-Card/GV-N1070IXEB-8GD#kf) is my eGPU, on a regular windows laptop you're supposed to just be able to plug it in and remove it at any time, no restarts required, but BootCamp really makes a mess of things.
I mean, I guess but "doing damage in a line" is pretty much required in this kind of game right? Having one attack that other heroes / other MOBAs have doesn't mean the entire hero is generic, if half the heroes in the game actually have an ability like that it's because it's a good ability
I’m surprised honestly, the gestures have never failed me and the notch is primarily used for the menu bar to show the time and battery and stuff anyway, like the guy above said the notch isn’t taking away screen space, it’s giving you a little more. I can understand liking a physical home button and Touch ID, but are you sure your fondness for a physical button didn’t convince you to take issue with the lack of it? I just want to restate that I’ve had this thing for months and the gestures have never failed me, certainly not “half of the time”
If there’s no SE do you think we’ll see a price drop in next year’s Xs model? I’m kind of assuming the Xs plus will cost what the X costs now, then the Xs can take the price point of the 8, and we won’t get an 8s. 

Also Jesus I just realized how convoluted the naming conventions are for phones nowadays 
I thought the excuse was that they aren’t willing to harvest personal information from Siri interactions (unlike other companies), so her responses and abilities are far more limited? That’s no excuse for her just not responding without an internet connection/taking 15 seconds to change a song if I’m on a slow connection, but if they’re limiting Siri for the sake of privacy then it hardly sounds like a talent/motivation issue 
Weren't they supposed to announce the opening day starter yesterday?
ok cool good to know. You heard him guys, literally no photos from Russia or of Russian people ever, you got that?
Man without the Alfredo part that joke is really lame
But... why would they randomly add something like this in for no reason? I get that *anything* is possible but it’s not like any other characters read any lines off of cards, just this one character in this one scene 
There is some palpable irony here considering how family friendly Dan tries to be
Or we have a good track record of not dropping our phones
Got it in December and don’t use a case. I don’t have any large or small scratches on the back, front, or corners either. I’m genuinely curious how some of the people in this thread use their phones, it seems like a common theme in these kinds of threads that people will take their case off and just scar the hell up out of their phone, I don’t get it. 
Someone pls link me to an example of change.org ever amounting in something major. I've seriously never heard a success story behind people signing an online petition
Doesn't Pizza Pizza usually close around 3pm on Fridays? And they're never open on the weekends. Same with the convenience store thing in CLH, never open on weekends. 

Not sure if you meant like why are they closed today/yesterday, but as far as I know the two stores you specifically mentioned close early on fridays and don't open on the weekend
To be fair a lot of the scenes used in this gif are completely normal to the situations he's in. 

* The first one, trouble sleeping, is him *trying* to stay awake all night because he has good reason to think the black hood is coming to finish off his dad

* The third one is (I may be wrong about the location) in the hospital / in his home shortly after his dad was shot and at the time he thought he could die, it makes sense to be sad and cry

*  Three is the same as the first one, he's staying awake all night trying to stay alert in case BH tries to finish his dad

* Five is during the BH stuff, makes sense he'd be jumpy considering he's near the centre of it all

* Six, I mean come on, difficulty concentrating when he has a gun in his face? I'm not sure what that's supposed to prove, I think we'd all be pretty out of it if we just watched our dad get shot and had a gun in our face. Not sure what the second scene there is

* Eight, same as one and three, he's expecting BH to show up at his house and he's trying to fight back

* Nine, they're in Pops at least once an episode

I'm not trying to shut down the possibility that they'll go a PTSD route (I mean in reality he should definitely have some issues after all of this), but I think 7 out of the 10 pieces of "evidence" in that gif are really reaching
Did we win? EA already made like 90% of all the money they were ever going to make off of the loot boxes. The game's been out for like 5 months, the loot boxes have been buyable for at least half that time, they already made money hand over fist off of them. This is just a PR stunt to get everyone off their backs because they already made the vast majority of their profits off of this game, now they're just hoping this convinces Disney to let them keep the license so they can do it again next game
Hey m8 you probably already got a screenshot from someone but I found it by going to OP's profile, the comment isn't deleted there. Not sure why, maybe an issue with the new profiles
does that raccoon have a joint
[https://www.reddit.com/r/northernlion/comments/84ttu1/new_sub_sunday_game_poll_available/](https://www.reddit.com/r/northernlion/comments/84ttu1/new_sub_sunday_game_poll_available/)
I’m just not sure I can handle another open world sub game that can take anywhere from 3-4 weeks to like 3 months (I’m not sure if sleeping dogs is *that* expansive, but GTA V and the Witcher 3 were back to back I think, and only playing 2 games in 5-6 months really soured me on open world games)
This is great guys, I've always loved replaying the campaigns every couple years!

[Campaign screenshot](https://imgur.com/a/OUHCb)

[Profile link](http://us.battle.net/sc2/en/profile/1073946/1/Mirkrid/), (hopefully this works, it shows all my campaign achievements but not much of the ladder stuff looks right)
Don't want to go into a ton of detail but it's always been active, but because of a recent tournament it's actually really active, I've been getting <20 second queue times for a couple weeks
Yeah, the graphic designer who models the hero skins is definitely the same guy that writes the story and creates full biomes
How can they be called uncrustables when they 100% have a crust? Like a regular sandwich has less crust than an uncrustable, just look at it
What does arbitration mean exactly? Right now my understanding is that after a set amount of time into the strike (I have 4 weeks in my head for some reason), an outside party will step in and kind of tell both sides what should happen, the both sides either agree to it or keep striking.

I think I'm way off but I'm having trouble finding it on google
NtB and Letterkenny. Not surprised that the safest, blandest choice won but hey, that's award shows for ya
Haha do they really want students picketing with them? Seems like a bit of a liability for the union to have a bunch of undergrads who've never picketed hanging around. The best solidarity students can give them is to just ignore it all and not get in the way
Not to be totally dismissive, but there's literally a spelling error in the first sentence of the article. The slogan is "The way must be tried," not "The*y* way must be tried." Hard to take an article seriously if they mess up right out of the gate, especially from a site well-known as Maclean's.
I'm curious why you'd say that, he pretty much nailed it and didn't seem to struggle with it at all.
She's transgender, so some people are purposefully assholes about it
No...? What's cancerous is when every time Scarlett's referred to as a woman chat spams "'she' LuL"
Didn't he used to play it like many years ago? He definitely 100% doesn't play it now and hasn't for a while.
> Is there a website I can go to that shows me upcoming tournaments and stream times? I see in the side bar under "Event List" it shows upcoming and ongoing events, but it (or the pages it links to) doesn't show any info on when they'll be streamed, just the dates they're taking place on.


> 50 HR, 140 RBIs and 40 SBs

All without the month of April haha
To be fair though like jesus christ stop it with the +3 strength
also just btw can I acquiesce a link?
Oh you're good then dude, good luck!

That's really cool honestly! Just be careful, I've done projects about things that I'm close to (i.e. last week I did a report on my dad's company for a 4th year uni assignment where we were supposed to find a random production company and contact them for budget reports and stuff), you may get a lot of questions from the teacher about how they're *actually* relevant to the assignment (or *actually* famous at all). If that comes up I'd BS something about how it help put Canada on the map in Starcraft (and in e-sports as a whole) and try to find some anecdotes about lower-level players looking up to him.

It's not really BS (I'm Canadian and I did look up to him when I was SC2 came out), but that might be hard to explain to a teacher. 
Trapper's Delight would be cool to see every once and a while, golf was okay but I wouldn't mind a new golf game (pls play verty again just once for the meme), Vermintide is... I don't know yet. I'd like to see it again maybe but it's almost too competitive, a bit of a banter killer but I think it would be fun to watch if they all get better weapons (since nek, rob, cobalt, and austin all played it after the stream I'm sure things will go smoother next time they play).
Yeah but like it's pretty clear that at least CUPE (and maybe the uni) is playing students for sympathy, i wouldn't be surprised at all if they have some accounts running around on the sub trying to tell us how to feel
I'm into the idea of this but how'd you convince your teacher that HuK is famous? I mean he is, kind of, but I'm surprised a teacher allowed it.

Anyway this is 1000000% anecdotal but I'm Canadian and I remember in the very early days of sc2 me and my neighbour downloaded and watched a bunch of HuK replays because he was the only big name Canadian at the time. No commentary or anything just actual replay files of him playing... Idra I think? I remember back then he would always leave a kind of pylon trail between his nexus', so he could warp in anywhere he needed to, which is why I still do that (even though they nerfed warp to only be good in range of a nexus or a gateway)
Or it's being ported by HAL.

I honestly think it'll be a new game too, they shouldn't have smash 4 out for 3 separate consoles, but I don't think this is proof that it's new.
Again, the issue is that you said it would be the best battle royale out of all of them, even though BotW doesn't focus on combat at all, the *key* portion of gameplay that makes battle royales good
Maybe you could explain why it would work?
I think the problem is that you said it would be the best battle royale game without explaining why. All you’ve done is say “this idea would be great!” Without providing any reasoning, then ironically getting angry at everyone who disagrees with you and asking why they think it’s a bad idea, even though you never explained why it would be good (please tell me the “bows are more fun than guns and there are heart containers on the map!” in your post aren’t actually your only reasons).

Let’s be honest, BotW is great because of the exploration, not the combat. Fighting is clunky, kind of slow, and really only works well because the enemy ai is forgiving. This is why I (and most other people) think it would be a bad battle royale. 
Not sure if you read the twitter thread but no, absolutely not even a little bit close to that
I genuinely don't see how it can help or hurt her election results at all.

The college strike was affecting every college student in the entire province, and even then I have trouble seeing how they could blame Wynne for the BS that was going on.

I think Wynne bought herself a ton of votes by stopping the college strike, but we're one school and the strike has been going on for 3 days (for comparison, the college strike was 5 weeks), people are getting way ahead of themselves on hoping she'll step in.
Yeah, people have been forgetting that the government squashed the college strike because it went on for 5 weeks and was about to throw away the entire semester for every college student in Ontario. York is just one school and the strike hit at a time when most classes, if need be, have had enough assignments to give out marks if the strike goes on for far too long, Wynne isn't going to step in and shut it down unless it hits like mid April at the earliest.
He wasn't even refuting you dude, he actually agreed that it can mess some people up, why are you fighting anyone that disagrees
Other causes like what? Alcohol abuse? Drug abuse? Those causes are for more important and far more damaging than looking at porn
Ryab not taking any tarot cards/trinkets/pills/useful actives during this challenge has turned me into an A N G E R Y B O I
Is that something that’s always been part of the lore or did it just happen to show up after people noticed her age and appearance didn’t match? 
I've tried to reason with people like this, if Italk long enough they'll usually turn it around on me like "I'm just joking dude relax" or "this is how gamers talk" it's gross
I'll never understand why a game like this is 1 player only. I mean I don't wanna diss indie devs but I can only see this game being fun with other balls to bounce into
I agree he's busy and it's definitely not high on his to-do list, but idk if building the backlog is an excuse, that merch thread is from 3 months ago and he only built the backlog like a week in advance of the trip
I bet he does it so often that he doesn't even think about it, just angrily auto-pilots 
Why? It sounded like he knows it wasn't actually anything and he brought it up as a bit of a joke
Were they using a different camera this episode? The video quality seemed a bit lower than usual and I could see the microphone in the top right
Prop my ipad up on the pillow beside me, turn the brightness way down, and drift off to dream land
Oh cool I like this meme then! So many people on this sub recently have been taking CUPE's side without even at least reading a tldr on what went down and how the negotiations went
As someone who lives on campus, *fuck* the idea of the TTC bypassing the subway station
Maybe I don't get it but "weekend bargaining" never sounded like it was going to work, it was an obvious play by the union to make York look more like the bad guy when they refused to keep bargaining after the strike vote. I mean CUPE was like "hey we'll keep bargaining over the weekend but we're not going to change a single thing from our last negotiation," why tf would york bargain with that? 

Srsly everyone's falling for CUPE's obvious pity-ploys to make them look like the objective good guy in all of this it's ridiculous, both sides want to convince you they're the good guy, when they're both the bad guy. York bargained a really solid deal that CUPE rejected, CUPE wanted a ridiculously good deal that was was rejected, no one is right in this, it's all just stupid politics
"resurgence," the pro-marxist posters have been here since I started 5 years ago, so definitely for longer than that.
Naive maybe, but not idiotic. If communism worked in practice as well as it worked on paper then it would be fantastic, the world could be a literal utopia. Of course, it doesn't work in practice like it does on paper because humans are humans, greedy, war-seeking assholes who want to ruin anything. I think it's naive to think communism is the answer, but I don't think it's idiotic, if people weren't dicks it would be the objectively correct way to run a society.
Maybe they're not allowed to block "real roads," but are allowed to block university entrances and the bus loop since they're on the school's private property?
w h a t
Most TAs usually only work from September to April, correct? So it's not crazy good pay but they're bringing in $2125 a month. Besides, a pay increase wasn't even the main issue of these negotiations
They were given one of the best deals any uni union in ontario has ever seen and they rejected it, I'm not *against* them but I'm definitely not *for* them either

also no offence, CUPE doesn't give a shit if you're *for* them, they're a union, they're trying to play you just as much as york is
Personally I'm not trying to keep the hype game going, I have a switch and PC and I already have D3 on PC, I would literally never play it on Switch.

That said, this tweet was weird, right? We can all agree on that? Someone flicking the **switch** of a diablo nightlight over and over with no real explanation? I don't want to keep the hype going if there's truly nothing to be hyped over, but I can't believe all the people in this thread going "well no shit it isn't happening, there wasn't even a hint of it happening in that video." The video was literally a hint at it, that's how devs have been doing port announcements recently, dumb little social media hints. I really hope someone talks to the person running that account, whether on purpose or not they posted something really weird and confusing
?

I mean the hottest console to develop for *is* the switch right now, especially for a dev whose already released the same game on all 3 other major platforms
Not even that's it's impossible, but that people who read the tweet that way were forcing themselves to think it was coming to the Switch, as if there's no hint at all in the tweet and that anyone who thought that must be delusional. It was literally a short video of someone ***switching*** a diablo nightlight on and off over and over, it takes 2 seconds to make the connection
That joke was certainly better than the LotR wii sports thing right after it
Students in placements get affected by the strikes too? I figured they'd just go to their placements business-as-usual, that sucks.
Actually never talk about star wars again x∞
From what I can find online this would be the fifth strike in York's history, so you be the judge on whether that's a lot or not a lot. To be fair the earliest strike seems to be in 1997, so this would be 5 strikes in 20 years.

And honestly not as much as it seems to affect other people. I'm in my 5th year so I was hit by the 2015 strike too and it was annoying I guess but it didn't really "affect my life" beyond the fact that instead of going to class I was doing something else. No long-term adverse effect on my education, I'm still going to graduate when I was supposed to (unless this strike happens and messes up this year's graduation dates)
Which fb group?
This is making me dizzy
I don't know about generic but then again I don't watch a lot of "real YouTubers," but I definitely think it has a different feel. I usually like the new episodes until they make a really sudden shift into scripted cinematic sections. Like that's cool if they want to go that route, but I kinda wish the more scripted stuff had its own videos
Maybe it's time for "NL is leaking into other subs" posts to stop leaking into this one. 3 or 4 years ago it would have been kinda neat, maybe, but NL is a decent sized streamer/let's player and is it really surprising to see him brought up in the subs of games he's playing?

I mean the top post of all time on the StS sub is about how NL got like everyone in the sub into the game
I'm fine with the size but it's the lack of reliability that I don't like. With the old trackpads you had to physically click somewhere on the bottom of the pad, usually with your thumb and your index finger would move the mouse. Now on the new force touch laptops you can't reliably have two fingers on the trackpad, so when I click with my thumb and want to drag something there's like a 40% chance that I'll need to let go and try again, super annoying
I'm curious, do you not have a touchscreen phone now? I can't imagine worrying about fingerprints on a screen unless it explicitly isn't a touchscreen
Even with the weights out? I've been using it for 2 years with about half the weights in it, maybe I just like it heavier
I'd love for you to provide literally any proof from a reputable source that this happened. I mean even a rumour from a reputable source would be great
Sure it is, dude gives away millions a year to charities, he's proven multiple times that, at this point in his life, the most important thing to him is improving people's lives. How does him disliking the fact that crypto has close ties to drugs (sorry guys, like it or not it does. That doesn't mean everyone [or even more than 5% of people] who use crypto are into the drug trade, but it's undeniable that there are clear ties) somehow turn into a conspiracy where he's scared of crypto and wants. . . a government contract "somewhere for something"? I mean what does that even mean? You have to at least think before you start spouting your stupid conspiracies
ITT: Bill Gates doesn't like cryptocurrency and that makes him uninformed and stupid. His reasons for disliking it offend me, and are different from my reasons for liking it so he's wrong, even though considering who he is, he is almost definitely very informed on the subject
Maybe "lobbyists" and "lobbying" are political terms, but they can definitely apply to non-political things. A bribe is a bribe is a bribe
Nah, for a while no one really understood how chat’s side of things worked (they have to message chat for chat to be able to date them), leading to things like NL just blocking chat altogether and a lot of salt in general. I think it’d be fun to bring back though, i always thought it was a good time to play along, it’s certainly more engaging for viewers than just voting for which quiplash answer is less bad than the other (lionNice got em)
I mean he's right for the wrong reason though, 80% of the top posts in subs like this one are obvious satire, it *should* be the sidebar pic
It has to be a Canadian thing, or at least an Ontario thing. I'm from Ontario and every time this comes up I literally cannot tell the difference between his "bagel" or "plague" and everyone else's "bagel" or "plague"
On your specific front page, not on the real front page
Yeah, this looks well-made but at the end of the day it's an essay about how having a good narrator is better than having no voice work at all, not exactly shocking stuff
Is the Lightning coach wearing a Captain America shield pin on his lapel or did I totally make that up?
Haha you know your hand is white af in your pic right? Being on the internet doesn't give you the right to say the n word just because you're "not actually saying it"
On the other hand at this point who doesn't have an extra USB-A cord lying around? Maybe I'm in the minority but I probably have access to at least 4 or 5 USB-A to lightning cords, yet I have no USB-C to lightning cords, despite owning an iPhone X and a 2016 MBP.

This isn't really an issue since I have a USB-C hub for my laptop and a wireless charger for my X, but at this point why have two cords in the box? Just give out the USB-C! Oh well, I'm sure for the next 2 years or so they'll keep including USB-A cords, then when C is a bit more ubiquitous they'll make the switch.
So they pretty much bought it to get rid of their biggest competition? I mean I guess it worked, I ended up deleting Alien Blue and downloading the official app because Alien Blue suddenly stopped keeping my signed in, but I really wish they just turned their app into an Alien Blue 2. 

It's fine and I haven't gotten the notifications OP is showing since my first week, but I'm still not totally used to the app after 3 or 4 months.
I know it's not an extremely old game, but go play Fallout 4 for half an hour then jump to Fallout 3 or New Vegas. 4's graphics may be modernly lacking, but my goodness is it a step above 3, and the QOL changes to 4 make 3 almost unplayable for me (okay, 3's story makes it almost unplayable for me, but 4 isn't much better in that regard).
Seconded on the non-merged vertices part. I took a class on Maya last semester and without fail every time I was finished with a model I would have to spend about an hour scouring it for that one (or ten) vertex that was messing it up. It pays to do that stuff as you build, not at the end
Alright well you got your discussion then, right? 14 comments and only one person told you to do it, and their reasoning was essentially "oh well who cares if you missed 10 regular days of school anyway?"

His comment wasn't useless, it was reminding you that it's a strike that can literally end at any point. It's pretty obvious that you came here hoping everyone would tell you to do it so you wouldn't feel bad or guilty or whatever, but dude it's not a good idea, especially considering the strike isn't even official yet.
haha at some point he only had 30k subs? what a **loser** 

lionNice got em lionNice
Yeah I get that, I kinda went back and forth on making this but the idea was so stupid in my head that I just had to get it out haha. If the mods see fit to delete it I'll understand
I should've slipped a dan in to abide by all the rules
> Thanks for the ~~information~~

*company
This is the weirdest part of it all for me, I don't have any numbers but for the last couple weeks it's felt like Austin has been on the show considerably less than he was a month ago. I wonder if this sentiment was made apparent behind the scenes. Either way it's certainly weird that he'd tweet this even though LGW's been on less recently
I do too but if things get a bit messy I think they should be handled privately. If it goes beyond just airing some minor grievances or venting a bit of frustration it should probably go on behind closed doors. In my opinion transparency in a group like this should refer to them being completely transparent with each other, not with the thousands of people who're all too eager to over-analyze every word they say.

As an anecdote I've gotten upset at friends before, like I've gotten really upset about some things that I feel were pretty justified, but sometimes you just have to let those things blow over or private chat them to clear things up. You don't want to go down in history as the guy that broke the group up (trust me, I didn't but I'm still close friends with the guy[s] that did, years later I think we all still regret how things played out).
In his defence it's hard to talk about something like this without at least very vaguely alluding to what was said and done. I know you made this comment before the comment I'm about to allude to but you just admitted that we as a sub about the show shouldn't have to just sit in silence and not talk about the things that are going on which are essentially show-related.
He probably did privately on discord or something, it's for the best that this stuff doesn't get out (especially to a twitch community). 

Remember when Malf left PUBG and they joked for a couple episodes that there was a feud and they forced him out? People thought Malf and Ryan hated each other for like a month and a half, always best to keep the behind the scenes stuff, well, behind the scenes (as much as I love gossip)
The guys on the NLSS (twitch stream) play this every couple weeks or so, and they usually hover between 15k and 20k+ points per round. It's not rocket science and this guy probably isn't even cheating, just play enough to recognize what certain foliage looks like in certain places, which countries have good/bad google cameras, recognize written languages, etc. 

This isn't that impressive (seriously, does anyone even think this video is exciting, let alone the "most amazing thing you'll see today"? Fuck off), but at least he didn't record himself getting 5k points on each guess or something, this is a really realistic score.
Is this comment supposed to be as ironic as it comes off?
Idk she's also a 13 year old girl you just said you want to punch in the face because she's in a commercial you yell at
I think I have a kind of opposite opinion to yours, but your last sentence is my argument as well. We're not talking about something objectively bad, or something objectively good, it's a type of cartoon and I can't wrap my head around why people care if someone makes fun of it, it's just a media property. I get that they shouldn't say it's *objectively* bad though.
I think my confusion is that people are so passionate about it? Like, if one of my friends just started roasting me over my skin colour, or my weight, or my sexuality or something I'd get offended, but I don't care if someone says "I really don't like video games, they're bad why do you play them." 

People can get defensive over the things they like and I get that, but people get aggressively defensive over anime. I really liked Austin's point last night after chat said anime was a deep dark secret they had to hide from everyone in high school and that's why it's not okay to make fun of it, and then he alluded to how he was a bi furry. 

I think I might be strawmanning a bit there but anime isn't on a sacred pedestal where nothing is allowed to touch it, it's television/film. Maybe I just have the same issue egg does where I just don't care enough about anything in particular to actually get angry over people 'disrespecting it.' I understand that they should probably start saying it's *subjectively* bad, instead of *objectively* though.
GRANT US  E Y E S,  GRANT US  E Y E S,  PLANT  E Y E S  ON OUR BRAIN
Oh no, 80 whole pages?
That doesn't work for a lot of games though. The only games I've seen drop like that recently are DOOM and Wolfenstein, because they're both relatively short single player games and the players that were willing to buy at ~$100 bought within the first week
Mine usually come out to around $96 in Ontario, I just bought Monster Hunter World a few days ago
They think they're NL or that they're on the same level as him or something and it's really cringey. They say it's "satirical" because sometimes NL says something dumb or edgy as a joke and says it's satirical. The problem is they're hiding behind a typed comment and NL isn't, when they something like that they just sound like a total asshole
All it did was make the [spoiler](#s "robot's CGI less noticeable, that robot") would have been total garbage in colour.
I thought it was a nice change of pace. I love the NLSS and tune in every day, but having 9 hours of banter from the same guys gets a little, maybe not tiring, but a little repetitive. I'd be ok with 1 or 2 gameplay-focused hours a week.

I think NL's reaction after he ended the call was completely justified, the fact that people are saying things like "chat had to spam emotes because they were so bored, it was the only way to get through the hour" can actually get banned. You're not forced to be in chat.
I’m not the guy you replied to but I love the new keyboard because I genuinely find it comfortable to type on. I understand that other people don’t like the feel of it, but I do. I still have my 2011 MacBook for Netflix and for some of its ports, and I’m really not a fan of typing on it anymore. 

I really don’t like the post OP quotes that says the new keyboard is objectively bad. It’s subjectively bad, sure, but if people honestly like the new keyboard then it can’t be “objectively worse” than the old one
I hate to start a comment with actually, but the symbiote affecting his behaviour was only a Spider-Man 3 thing. In the comics, Reed Richards tells Peter that the symbiote is alive and if he keeps wearing it it'll permanently bond with him, so Peter rejects it and it bonds with Brock
Isn't the reason that they don't have full rights to show a live-action Spider-Man anymore? I'd say if they legally can't show or mention Spidey by name then that's a pretty good reason.

Honestly just have a line where Eddie mentions that the symbiote used to be on some little twerp, but now it's with him. Doesn't legally mention Spidey but narratively it does. Kinda like how Marvel used Scarlet Witch and Quicksilver but they "weren't mutants" because Sony has the rights to mutants.
To go even further, it's not like "squad up" is a slang term used by players in the game, to play with other players you enter a squad with them. It's literally called a squad, it's weird to see so many people in this sub thinking the dev is trying to sound hip to impress Chance or something, it's literally called 'squading up'
It's just that you're trying to force a narrative that clearly isn't here, NL straight up said he's been motion sick since Bloodborne on Sunday and that the show helped with it, then he tweeted essentially the same thing. I don't understand why there has to be this narrative of "NL is in a bad mental state let's be gentle with him" when he explicitly said it's nausea from the bad frame dips when fighting skelly-boss in BB
Yeah I guess, this is/was the first Ascension run I ever tried. I just figured it would cycle through all 3 before they repeated
Rogers owns roughly $29 billion in assets, obviously a lot of money, but Guggenheim Partners (owner of the Dodgers) own roughly $290 billion in assets.

Keep in mind that baseball is neither of these owners' main focus or source of income (Rogers has communications and Guggenheim has investing), so neither will ever throw their full weight at baseball. Even so, in theory Guggenheim clearly has 10x the money that Rogers does, and could throw 10x the weight.

I don't know what it is with Jays fans thinking Rogers is some godlike owner (monetarily speaking) who, if they wanted to, could just drop a billion dollars on a super stadium and buy up every free agent every season. They just aren't that rich (in context of owners).
I just 'Save & Quit' a really fun ironclad run and now my run is completely gone. I didn't abandon it from the menu, just clicked save and quit. Just a heads up.

Interesting, just tested it with a Silent run and I can still continue it. No idea where my ironclad run went or why it disappeared
Has it always been possible to get Elite repeats on the same floor? I got 3x Sentries, Gremlin Nob, then 3x Sentries again. I was expecting Lagavulin
I also just clicked the 'gain 2 hp' option on an ironclad run and never got my +2 hp. I'm 99% sure I didn't misclick and press 'skip,' but I agree that that shouldn't even be an option.

If I have the singing bowl I don't need a 'gain 2 hp' button, just makes it cumbersome, why would I ever want the option to skip a card *and* skip additional hp?

*edit:* I'm gaining 2 HP now when I press the button, so I must've misclicked. I really, really don't think the buttons should be segregated like that, it shouldn't be possible to skip your hp up
I don't see the virtual console anywhere on that page. I see the "Classic Game Selection," which was announced when the Switch was announced, which will be a rotation of free NES games for online members, but they haven't said anything about a virtual console yet.
He's not slighting anyone because he doesn't want to play an anime intro based on a series he's never seen, and I hope the people that made those intros are mature enough not to take it as one. 
Dude was like 2.5x her age, nothing illegal and imo it's not important enough to have on the front page of the sub (i still think the only reason this could have been upvoted is because people are somehow trying to discredit liberals/Justin with this, even though it makes no sense), but it's objectively a huge age difference. Like no matter what age you are, if you have sex with someone more than half your age you're gonna get sideways looks
Ah okay that makes sense. I hear the difference if I really enunciate it both ways, but I'm afraid I must be in the -el camp if I don't hear it regularly.

Also I have to say, if the pronunciation that everyone harps on is "bag el" instead of "bay gul" then maybe us Ontario bois have it right and the rest of the world is wrong, that's how it's spelled!
He would, idk what that other guy is talking about or why he's getting so many upvotes. If Matthews was in Arizona he would literally be swimming in deals, he'd probably single-handedly raise viewership and attendance by like 20%. He's the most talked about young player in the league right now (admittedly, partly because he's a leaf), it's a weird assumption to make that he wouldn't get any endorsements if he was in a small market
yo i absolutely cannot hear a difference when someone pronounces bagel the "wrong" and "right" ways. I'm from Ontario so maybe I just pronounce it like NL does, but I literally don't hear a difference. It's to the point that I think the entire thing is some big inside joke for the people that are in on it
That's pretty icky but why is this on the front page of the sub? It's not like this is exactly breaking news or anything
^^^^you ^^^^just ^^^^thought ^^^^it ^^^^was ^^^^a ^^^^cool ^^^^pic, ^^^^but ^^^^i ^^^^won't ^^^^tell ^^^^if ^^^^you ^^^^won't
I gotta ask, what did ryab do to make her hate him?
Is it still a pun if it literally isn't made out of ice though? I mean if it was an ice sculpture I'd get it but it's just snow
These ads as in the HomePod ads? I think most people here like them, but they're talking about that iPad Pro ad where the little girl doesn't know what a computer is
Literally every single epper that NL uses that overlay
Someone give me the skinny on why Armello is a good game. Everyone's up in here saying "Armello's trash" and getting hella downvotes and all the cool cats are talking about how good it is. I don't really catch the skizzy on why it's fun to watch but I've got open ears for a jam session about it. 

Also lemme know if my lingo is hip 
I mean it makes sense, at least in this quote. He's given me no reason to think he's a smart man, or even a man with a capable grasp of the English language, but to me it's pretty clear he's saying "we're president" and "we're doing a really great job" as if his followers are a part of his presidency. 

I find that gaming Youtubers do this a lot too, instead of "I did it" or "I made a mistake" they'll say "we," it's supposed to make the viewer (or in Trump's case, the supporter) feel like they're involved.

Like I wouldn't want to be lumped into the "we" in his quote there, but I really doubt he has a bunch of alternate Donalds talking to him in his head or something, I mean that's almost crazy to believe without solid proof.
Maybe I’m way off (I don’t usually go into the comments in r/politicalhumor) but the only ‘Drumpf’ jokes I’ve seen for like the past year have been right wingers making fun of left wingers who supposedly say it all the time
As someone who watches hockey it still airs like twice a night during every leaf game. Y’all can defend that the ad is low key genius, that it’s not that the girl doesn’t know what a computer is but that she’s asking the question to make you wonder what you require a computer to be, whatever, after like 30 screenings of it over the last month it’s just a well shot commercial with a condescending punchline that feels like it’s trying to make me feel stupid for thinking that an iPad can’t replace a full computer. 
Maybe it's fan service, but it's done well, it shows Vader's brutality moreso than any other fight scene, and it explains how/why Vader is able to capture Leia in IV. I've actually never heard of someone disliking that scene, if anything I've only heard people say they don't like the movie but they love the scene
are you referring to the fake old man comment or the all the shitty comments in this thread that actually think this happened
Who is red hat boy beside dan? I thought it looked like a second MALF but that can't be right


yeesh that description is everything I hate about the cinema studies program I've been in for 5 years. You're not better than other people because your favourite director (oo sorry, auteur) is Godard or because you think any film made outside of the New Wave movement in the 60s is trash, you're just coming off as a pretentious prick.

No offence to anyone who falls into that category, Godard is good and so is New Wave but I'm talking specifically about people that believe that and look down on everyone who doesn't (you run into a lot of those types in film school).
Along with the other comments it abandoned f2p and I feel like I remember one or more hosts having framerate issues with it, like it just didn't run as well as you'd expect (or was that just me?). Also one day chat got *real* mad at Rob for some reason, I don't really remember why but I know it started to show up less after that day.
Ice fire, whole neutral zone melted. Gonna take about 20 more minutes to re-freeze
Imagine being the sitting president and having an active investigation into whether you cheated to get the presidency but you're so unpopular that your biggest threat is still just that there are elections this year.
Joke's on you, I didn't! Yeah in hindsight I must've skimmed his comment moreso than read it, he was expanding on what the first guy said, not repeating it, my b
That's what the guy above you said but minus like 60 words
Yeah haha good one guys, the thing is I, like, really need a medic tho
YO NL I'm so glad you mentioned that you don't like cheering at sports games I'm with you 100000% percent! I've gone to a ton of Blue Jays games and I think the only time I've ever really enthusiastically cheered is when Bautista hit the seventh inning home run in game five against the Rangers in 2015. That's literally the only time my animal brain has taken over and I just yelled. 

It's cool to know not everyone assumes I'm "not a true fan" just because I don't scream my head off at every 300 ft fly ball that obviously isn't leaving the park.

Also Emerson excuse me this thread is early
That seems a little unnecessary, like I said I’m not holding it against Nintendo or the people that like it, I’m just saying if it’s something I *also* have interest in that would be great
I’m the audience of every Nintendo Direct from here on out because I own a Switch. I’m not going to be angry at Nintendo if they don’t show something I’m interested in tonight, but I have every right to be disappointed
Is Yelich a big enough name to make a noticeable difference in attendance? Forgive me I don't follow the Marlins and MLB refuses to market its stars so idk if he's a really popular player, but I feel like attendance in the season after dumping Stanton and Ozuna is going to be astronomically low no matter what
Chance would be cool but how is it a missed opportunity? Because his name is chance and the Vegas team opened up this year?
Like I said in another comment, how often a president / high level representative pulls a photo op like this shouldn't matter at all. Whenever a politician posts something like this it's just drivel, a fake, half-assed photo op trying to convince their voters that they're good people and that they should vote for them. It shouldn't matter whether they do it because they don't actually want to do it, it's just an easy opportunity to score voter points. They shouldn't be dismissed, I mean it is nice that he paid respects and posted something uplifting involving MLK and black rights (no matter how hypocritical that seems considering his very recent objections to NFL players peacefully protesting), but it also shouldn't be rewarded. No one is automatically a good person because they took 5 minutes out of their day to take a picture for their social media.
When random stuff like this is tested on animals does it usually have a negative effect on them? Like it's obviously bad if it hurts the animal somehow, but I feel like they probably do some preliminary tests to make sure that they, at least theoretically, won't hurt the animal
It's kind of his job though right? Like if Trump couldn't be bothered to go out and do a photo op then someone had to, it's just so fake. It's different for Obama considering he's black and the history there, but if Hillary won and laid down a wreath I'd think the same thing. The whole thing is just so fake, just a half-assed photo op to try to look better to the voters in 2020.
At the same time it didn't feel like a genuine 'argument' at all, because behind all the stream personas they all lean heavily in the same political direction. Maybe that's the most geniune thing of all, we all surround ourselves with people that agree with us, the fact that they talked politics for an hour and a half and agreed with each other is the realist thing they've ever done.
Your guitar example kind of makes me think of TAS bots at AGDQ. It's fun to watch them run a game frame-perfectly and destroy it, but I'll always enjoy a human doing an imperfect speedrun more
Can't be Rob, I've been watching for 4 years and he's never mentioned it. Considering how much he talks about his wild younger days and being a New Yorker, I think he'd mention his amateur wrestling days
Nah, I hold my phone with my pinky as a stabilizer along the bottom of it (I assume this is normal?) and that pinky along with my thumbs would constantly activate any button they put down there. Unless they put some kind of buffer around the bottom edge of the screen, but then those buttons would be awkward to press
this is the definitive release

NL starts Oxygen not Included again, MALF starts Oxygen not Included again, NL starts Slay the Spire, MALF starts Slay the Spire

kidding malf, love you toronto brothers 4 lyfe
Outside of the NLSS itself I probably watch 3+ hours of NLSS content per day (look I'm in uni and have 2 monitors i promise I'm still slightly productive) and I've never heard of the best friends, so surely the overlap can't be too high
Wow I can feel it, I've seen "Bully for sub stream" threads in the past but this is the one. He's out of sub stream games unless he's hiding something, this is the perfect time to load 'er up
I think NL's sub streams exemplify that every game can be made fun of, no matter how good it is, and I love that. I know LiS and before the storm both made it pretty easy to riff off of, but the fact that NL can easily riff off of LA Noire, GTA V, and The Witcher 3 point out something I've never thought of before, no matter how objectively "good" a game is it's still really easy to make fun of it/laugh along with it
What was he saying? Like I said I missed it but if he was as harsh as you're implying then I agree with you. The game has a lot of faults but I geniunely enjoyed both it and the first game, even just for the idea of the story alone.
 I didn't catch his comments, but the game is legit bad for a few reasons, I think it's cheap to blame a mod hating the game on why all of chat thought it was bad.

* The game engine itself is actual garbage. The first game came out in 2015 but it looks like a 2010 game, the animations are trash, and what was with those graphical glitches in Mikey's hospital room?

* The game tries too hard to give us a "convincing" view of teenagers. I won't go into it because I'll just assume we all watched the streams, but the dialogue was 50% cringeworthy (I missed the first live stream of it and almost gave up at the part where Chloe was trying to get into the warehouse concert, like I nearly couldn't handle how bad the dialogue was in that opening section).

**SPOILERS FOR EPISODE 3 BELOW**

* The game tries to make us believe that the only proper course of action at the end is to not tell Rachel about what happened. I want to stress that I'm not just blindly following NL's opinion on that scene with Chloe and Rachel's mom, I mean who the hell would hide something like that from everyone? The DA literally tried to murder someone, even when it came out he apparently got away with it. *edit:* **super duper ending spoiler** just looked up the "good ending" with Rachel meeting her mom, you actually have to lie to Rachel for that to happen, even though that's just the objectively wrong thing to do.

That said, the game was enjoyable (even though the dialogue was cringey most of the time I was still interested in where the story was going) and the stream was 10/10 for me.
doubt it
Scrolling through this thread I think his opinion is a fair bit less popular than you think, people are saying that it literally ruined the entire event for them just because they couldn't spam copy/pasta
I hate the idea of "normie" anything so much. It's like being internet hipsters, "wah, I used to like this thing but now the *normies* like it so it's ruined"

I had to filter /r/MemeEconomy from my front page the other day because of it, first thing I've filtered since the election I think
He won't, but it sounds like he's playing enough spire to start pushing 2 a day
Do you think it offers a reduced sentence? Like if for every day I went out and worked I got a day taken off of my sentence I'd be down, I know some states have stuff like that
Huh, I never thought about it but force ghost Anakin is out there, watching Kylo become this moody Vader wannabe and he still hasn't shown up and told him to stop
My point is that I don't even think we're getting a prettied up DS1. If they're not making it with any DS3 assets then all we're going to get is a higher resolution and 60 fps. Worth it for people that have never played? probably, but I think the term "remaster" involves more than upping the fps and upping the resolution for modern screens
Yeah but they actually remastered Bioshock 1, Uncharted remasters would have been created in the Uncharted 4 engine, and wasn't The Last of Us always going to release on PS4? As in didn't they build it for PS4 and PS3?

I'm kind of talking out of my ass on those so correct me if I'm off, but FROM has given us every reason to think that they're not graphically updating this game in anyway. The fact that they showed no in-game images, and that the rumours about it using the DS3 engine or DS3 lighting have been kind of shut down tell me that this is just a re-release to get it on current gen consoles. I mean neat for the people that never played it or for the people who want to play it without dragging the PS3 out of the closet, but I take issue with them calling this a remaster if it's just a re-relase
Considering the rumours of a PC discount for people that already own DS1 on PC were false (or at least are in a weird limbo state right now), why would I paying for a working PC port exactly? I already paid for their broken port 4 years ago, if all they're doing is natively adding dsfix and multiplayer passwords, then they should be adding those to the game I already bought and still can't reliably play. I love FROM but come on, DS1 on PC has been a mess since it came out, I shouldn't have to buy it again to fix it.
Especially DS1. I love FROM games, but there's been a bit of a clamoring for Demon's Souls and Dark Souls to get remasters / be re-released on the Switch for a while now. They know the community will lap up a DS1 "remaster," even if it's really just a re-release.
I agree, the people marking that distinction as important are using it as proof that FROM is still going to be upgrading the visuals, which I think has been becoming less and less likely since the announcement. Like I'm with them, I would love DS1 in the DS3 engine, let's be honest DS1 hasn't aged well graphically (the bloom especially), but this remaster is looking more and more like a re-release or a port. If this is true then all they're even doing for the PC version is officially implementing DSFix (something they should have done years ago imo).
It's a dumb post, but learning how the update works doesn't make it a good update. I understand how the app works post-update, and it's just objectively a more convoluted, ad-centric app now, it's disgusting. I completely understand people wanting a rollback
Nah I just didn't laugh man, no need to go psych 1000 on me. It's an old joke format and all of his NL punchlines are the same "NL isn't funny haha get it" jokes
Except they've been part of RT in the series for a few months, and they've had episodes where they go to RT headquarters
Either play nek's weird eiffel tower race adventure thing in ylands or don't bring it back.

I'm serious egg, if you bring back survival-mode ylands like, 10 more times I swear I'll skip the segment
Chat was *freaking out* about how funny and savage this tweet was and I just don't get it? I mean I do get it, but like the second tweet is a joke format that I've seen hundreds of times before, "mention two things, define the first thing, surprise the definition was in regards to the second thing." Idk maybe I'm a dick and should lighten up

i mean *lionNice* **GOT** *lionRoasted* **ONE** *lionNice*  
In 3 months he'll random as the Lost and refuse to take pills again, it's a vicious cycle of learning and forgetting
Apparently a goalie embellishing getting cross checked and falling into the net while flailing his arms is legal in the nhl
Yeah but they're not memeing though, those are two people giving constructive criticism (I hope you don't think NL would be offended by the bonobo thing) and they just happen to have two different viewpoints on the game. I'm assuming that there are certain times where NL does get too cocky and runs into a bad engagement, and there are other times where he hides for too long and misses a good encounter.

Long story short -- don't get offended for NL he's a big boy who constantly says that he likes backseating
[For the mods' consideration when thinking of an icon](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-wpJhfg31GQE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAADc/Gi6RvzmP2Gs/photo.jpg)
I haven't really been following the GDT's for this tourney so maybe this has been brought up, but is it possible that attendance has been so bad because the games are so noncompetitive? No offense to the Czech, you guys did great getting to a medal game, but it's 7-0 in the second period, there's a real chance the US could break double digits here. Who in their right mind wants to sit down for 3 hours and watch a team just completely trounce someone?
I’ll acquiesce, you say that “a sandwich is anything that can be consumed in one hand, leaving the other hand free to play cards,” but there are clearly more criteria at play. I can eat potato chips with one hand, a cookie, I can even eat soup with one hand holding the spoon if I’m at a table, but clearly none of these are sandwiches. 

I’m not going to sit here and think up additional criteria for what a sandwich is because it’s all subjective and I know no matter what I say someone will reply with a loophole that lets a raw tomato count as a sandwich, but I don’t see a taco as a sandwich and your reasoning is flawed. 

Oh my god I took part in a fucking sandwich argument, my least favourite bit on the NLSS, can an admin just ban this sub and set me free?
Lex always wanted what's best for humanity though, so it's pretty in character for him to have been kind to her. For the most part he just doesn't think (or want to admit) that we need Superman's help.
be happy lil nek
I was in high school around the time twitter started really taking off, “tweeting like a 14 year old girl” is a completely justifiable insult
They will be when one of their biggest sports pulls in half of its usual viewership numbers because none of the big names could compete
As dumb as it is Buffalo is the home team, so they probably wanted a "hometown" band
Wow the stands really cleared out for this huh
Shutout, complete game shutout, complete game win, there are so many better comparisons. If they *have* to explain everything today in baseball terms (since they seem to think the viewers who don't normally watch hockey are too stupid to understand it themselves), the least they could do is compare them properly.
Doesn't help that they're holding it at 1pm as opposed to 7, the shadows are ridiculous.
The announcers equating a shutout in hockey to a no-hitter in baseball may be the most incorrect thing I've heard so far from them. Shutouts are impressive but no-hitters are near-impossible
Wild Animal Racing is kind of a fake game though, it's supposed to be bad and that's why they played it. Bloody Trapland 2 was supposed to be a real game but it's just trash
GWYF and Golf It both have courses and holes that make objective sense. You spawn in, and you either see the flag from where you are or you can tell where you need to go. You don't have to have played each hole to know where to go (not counting the player made levels).

Vert, in contrast, is extremely convoluted. Sometimes you can't see the hole from where you spawn, or sometimes you can but you can't tell how to get to it. I don't think it's the worst game they've ever played, but I think it's the worst golf game by far.
Wild Animal Racing was only played for the meme, and it delivered. Was it technically the worst game they played? Without a doubt, but everyone went into it knowing it was awful and knowing it was funny, so it wasn't the worst NLSS game played.

The real culprit here is Party Panic, and I'm surprised it's so low. Party Panic is garbage, but it was one of the very few games on this list that everyone went into actually expecting a good/fun segment. I guess I'm ranking these more on sheer disappointment than on whether they were the worst, but I think Party Panic was the least enjoyable game I've ever seen them play, and I watched the vert golf segment of the NLSS Masters
Yeah true, honestly I didn’t even follow the team until the final game. Either way we’ll have to change it when Marner and Matthews carry the leafs through the playoffs with a breezy 16 game sweep
The subreddit bio says we’re the most recent Canadian team to win a major sports championship, but I think TFC ripped that from us. Maybe now we should be considered the most recent Canadian team to win the World Series or something? Still a prestigious claim and a tongue in cheek comment on the lack of baseball’s expansion north of the border 
I'm late to this but it was basically a modern day Three's Company episode
It’s also a business, a few million is nothing to them but they didn’t get to where they are buy frivolously blowing millions of dollars on fake film sets
That one gave me actual anxiety, when nek continued to get angrier and angrier at ryan because he thought he was josh in game, then kept being angry at ryan even when he found it ryan never did anything
Nah, people are realistic here. If a show is off people aren't going to pretend it was the best show they've ever done (looking at you, every tv show subreddit I've ever visited).
Superior management or not, the OS won’t slow down the cpu usage when the battery starts to fail. The only thing this guy will gain is a phone that (if the battery fails) will start bleeding out and randomly shutting down. 
Exactly. The rotten tomatoes score may show that only 50% of filmgoers liked TLJ, but angry people are often MUCH louder than content people. The problem with that site is that anyone with an account who loved a film (10/10) will score it as such out of passion, anyone who disliked it (thinking it’s anything between a 0/10 and a 5/10) will review it out of spite, and the vast majority of people (thinking it’s between 6/10 and 9/10) mostly just won’t bother reviewing it. This leads to most of the reviewers being people who hated the movie, even if the actual public opinion is much higher than a 50%. 

I understand (though don’t agree) with the negative reviewers points, I get where they’re coming from and why they dislike it, but it’s important to remember that they really are in the minority. 
So he takes a picture with the X in a fixed position, then the phone tracks where his face is and replaces it with the photo? I definitely couldn’t develop this but is it really impressive? Don’t get me wrong but it kinda sounds like the phone is just replacing the location of his face with the same location in the picture he took, it’s like a photo filter. 
What's with Reddit and really obviously fake Bill Gates tweets? I don't see them every day, but whenever they pop up they're super upvoted and most people seem to think they're real. Surprise, the very intelligent and rich 60 year old doesn't actually tweet like a catty teenager
Suck it expos!
Congrats you made them cancel the series
Yeah I also don’t get it, in past years talking about a modular Mac Pro was wishful thinking at best, but Schiller specifically calls the new Mac Pro a modular system in this [article](https://www.cultofmac.com/474799/apples-mac-pro-is-now-even-faster-all-new-model-coming-next-year/) 
Eleven says bitchin’ for like half a second, that’s still part of the canon
To be fair you implied that real fans only call it the Skydome
Hoping it’s that special items (airplanes, wrecking balls, etc) will show up more frequently when the host selects a custom pool of objects for a game!
That’s too bad, maybe someone will piece it together or something. Deleted scenes are cool, but I hate watching them, they’re all out of order and you don’t see the context of the final-version scenes before and after them. 
I don’t think it’s about toys. There’ll be what, maybe one toy involving the horses and one involving the casino’s police? The background characters there seem too inconsequential to get their own toys, and if they do they won’t sell well. That’s nothing compared to the toys they could have fit in with a full scene sneaking around a FO ship (more FO droids, stormtroopers with different markings, officers with different coats, etc) or the obvious “Snoke’s escape ship (includes Rey figure!)” set. I think Johnson just genuinely liked casino planet
Literally who cares at all, what a pathetic little string of cynicism
I can’t agree that the platforming wasn’t particularly fun, I thought it was great, but I will say that the platforming *could* have been perfect if they just forgot about those silly motion controls. Flicking my pro controller to throw cappy in a circle feels the opposite of natural, it makes my entire upper body shake every time I do it. I tried playing with the joycons as well and it didn’t make it feel any better
I’m the opposite I think. I completely see the 97% and consider odyssey my favourite game of the year, but BotW was a let down for me. I’ve played both for about 60 hours each (beat Odyssey, still haven’t faced Gabon in BotW [but I’m planning on finishing it soon]) and Zelda has just felt like a slog to me. I understand the depth in Zelda—to a point at least, I mean I know there’s a lot of game there—but a lot of the gameplay has just felt repetitive. 

The combat doesn’t feel tight, the story is weak, I don’t enjoy spending 10 minutes at a cooking pot preparing my healing items one at a time, the world feels empty (I genuinely don’t care about Korok seeds, and if moving a small rock 20 feet to a ring of other small rocks makes the world “full of things to do” then I guess I just don’t see the appeal), the voice acting is bad, weapons degrade too quickly (I understand not wanting the player to find and use one really good weapon for the whole game, but let me use it for more than 20 hits) not counting bosses there are maybe 15-20 different enemy types in the *entire* map, and the shrines just feel unimaginative and unsatisfying to me (I can only complete relatively easy puzzles / fight a guardian 1v1 so many times before it gets tedious). I don’t think I can overstate how much I dislike the fact that finding Korok seeds and shrines make up 95% of the world’s exploration. Overall it’s a good game and I’d give it like an 8/10 for the graphics and the gliding alone, but overall to me it just isn’t the grand masterpiece that everyone says it is. Maybe I just let the hype get to me. Sorry this got a little ranty but I think these are genuinely negative things in an otherwise very good game. 
Ouch, I know not everyone knows this (especially if you’re still in high school) but yeah 99% schools will send you a big letter whether you got in or not
It throttles the 7 if the battery has started to become decrepit, ie if your battery can no longer supply the proper power for your phone it’ll compensate by running slower. In theory this shouldn’t happen to your 7 for at least a couple years. Judging by other comments you sound like you read the article so I don’t know why you’re assuming that they’re throttling your brand new 7 with an (in all likelihood) fully functional battery. 
I’m genuinely happy for that line, up until he said that I thought they were on a snow planet trying to draw an obvious and unnecessary connection to ESB (since both are the middle movies of their trilogies). 
I think some of my issue is you've gotta earn those moments, ya know? Like in a game like quiplash you can say anything and it might work, it doesn't have to be offensive so when someone actually writes something offensive it's because it's actually funny and it actually works, where in STI you're forced to be offensive whether or not you have a good joke.

Also just realized Survive the Internet's acronym is STI, maybe this game still has a shot baby
>enjoy 
kill survive the internet like that stranger killed rob's mom, the banter's super weak because it primarily consists of "OOHOHOHO IDK IF I CAN SAY THIS, THIS IS *TOO* DARK IDK OK I'LL DO IT" followed by 3 prompts that aren't dark and 1 prompt that's maybe a little edgy (except for the holocaust thing at the end, that was the one actually darkish joke)
Holy shit man that’s deep, have you thought about becoming a professional quote maker?
Yes please, I’m sick of seeing “Jay Bruce could make sense for the Jays” articles every week for the last year or two
I’m sure getting something similar is possible with a hairdryer and a certain kind of product (I’d assume a low/medium-hold pomade or something, don’t quote me), but I doubt anyone in the real world is going to get that hair. For this shot (and any shot of a model with particularly good hair), they probably had a professional stylist work over his hair and then took several pictures until they got a shot that looked just right. To get this hair to both stay in its general shape and to be able to move you better be ready to re-style your hair multiple times throughout the day because odds are it’s going to flatten out and fall in your face. 
Speaking of Isaac episodes jesus christ nl please unlock the lost soon, break the game with the d20 if you have to. Also I stopped watching because I got bored of Eden runs but I seriously hope he's read the youtube comments about not being able to unlock the lost the rebirth way, last episode I watched he seems convinced that it was still a thing
I'll be honest, the raw version of this clip is so so much better than the funky track and the "to be continued" thing. I don't know who thought cutting out the maniacal laughter for a garageband track was better but I hope they never edit again
That’s a fair opinion to have but I’ve never equated the term “open world” to a lack of loading screens 
Can we be done with "is ____ a sandwich" meta soon
I think NL said something about it being totally cool to upload his streams if he hasn’t done so within a week or two, so while this guy uploading Tuesday streams / the end of LA Noire (I assume he did, haven’t looked through his channel) is all good, him uploading stuff from just last Sunday is bad, especially since Ryan has been uploading undertale. 

Of course, it’s all bad if he starts monetizing the videos, but hopefully he knows better than that at least. 
I think Ryan said somewhat recently that he doesn’t really like hearthstone anymore. I’m definitely paraphrasing and whatever he said was probably less opinionated than straight up disliking it now, but it definitely sounds like he’s not interested in revisiting the game 
I... did you expect a modern Star Wars movie not to rely on cgi?
My man, you didn't really make any points. You said you think Obamacare is bad because republicans didn't like it then you defended trump spouting his FAKE NEWS bs. Not exactly hot (or well respected) takes.

Besides, why should anyone take someone's opinion seriously if they acknowledge that they don't even understand how to use the right "your" or "you're"?
He didn’t justify it, he used what you said to say that this obviously pre-determined vote is also wrong. He literally said that he agrees with you in his first sentence. 
Why does it have to be worse? How is it relevant at all that planting bombs is worse than a rigged vote? Yeah no shit trying to kill someone is worse, you’re not proving anything. You’re actually making yourself look stupid for thinking that saying “planting a bomb is worse than a partisan vote” and thinking that’s an important statement. 
Things would be different I’m sure, but people often forget that Apple didn’t suddenly start having hardware and software issues the day after Steve died, it’s silly for people to think that Apple would be some utopian company with 0 faults if only Steve Jobs were still around
Talking to someone or not that scene looks like trash, you can justifiably defend Lucas about a lot of things but don’t defend his decision to add bad 90s CGI into the original trilogy
I know they only wrote this article because of the vote today, but what an odd piece to feel the need to write. Considering there hasn’t really been a push to repeal net neutrality up here and that the Prime Minister recently said that he wants to strengthen net neutrality I’d say the reason the “fight for net neutrality” in Canada hasn’t been fierce is because we don’t have to fight for it. This title is click bait garbage trying to make people think that the Canadian people either don’t know or don’t care about net neutrality, when the reality is that it’s not in danger up here. 
Considering Nick tweeted that he heard "let's go" so often during their recording that he never wants to hear it again, I assume they recorded enough to last until he's back (especially with the every other day thing). Also he'll still be around for tomorrow's show!
FYI if you haven't seen (and so you don't have a stroke waiting for today's episode) they're releasing the UCH episodes every other day until after the holidays because of busy schedules
There are lilterally 11 posts about it (12 if you count yours). If seeing 11 posts about something makes you hate being here then that's on you. That's not an excessive amount of posts (considering 2 or 3 were literally just "he's actually playing it!"), and it sounds like you're just looking for a reason to whine about NL not playing a 3rd/1st person open-world RPG for the millionth time on the sub stream. 

No one cares if NL playing a game you don't like "makes you sad" as you said elsewhere in this thread, and no one cares if it makes you feel lonely. If someone you've never met playing a game you don't like literally makes you feel sad and lonely then that's an incredibly sad response. I'm sorry if this is overly-harsh but this is just ridiculous.
Man I don't know, it could be fun as a one-off or a half hour segment or something but recently I've started just completely zoning out when they start arguing about petty food beliefs. I get the humour behind it but we're at a point where it's mostly the same arguments about the same types of foods (not to mention they'd take 20 minutes on each bowl because they'd just bicker about it).

It's all good I'm gonna watch no matter what, but if they play a game that just shows a bowl of "soup," and they talk about whether or not it's soup, I'll probably just pop into another tab until it's over. That said I would be super interested in each member's personal soup definition results, just not the journey to get there
I liked pitch perfect 1 and 2 but man, these commercials and the trailers for 3 look awful
But he was playing on file 2 my dude, I went back to make sure and he really quickly switches back to 2 after hovering over file 1 for 20 seconds
If he plays it again *please* play it on YouTube, not on stream. The YouTube series is great because of his narration and commentary, and his ability to piece together little stories between his characters. The stream one fell extremely flat because he was talking to chat as opposed to talking about the characters. 

I said it a while ago in another thread but I’ll say it again, KSP should have been the stream game and rimworld should have been the YouTube game, not the other way around. This also would have saved us like 30 KSP episodes of ryab not knowing what he was doing, because chat could have spammed what to do in all caps
I only saw the first part live and I'm going through the VOD now. I don't necessarily want to defend how Affleck's Batman has been written (honestly I think with better writers and a better director Affleck could be a great Batman).

In Batman vs. Superman, we're supposed to be seeing a Batman that's been pushed beyond the point of no return (we're not directly told what pushed him, but seeing Robin's tattered, Joker'd up costume is probably the reason),  where he's been so beaten down emotionally that he's dropped his no killing rule. After meeting Superman and seeing him sacrifice himself against Doomsday, Batman has picked up his no killing rule again (which is implied by the fact that he goes to Luthor's cell but doesn't brand him).

Was this well done or well written? Not really imo, they never explicitly say any of this in the movie and they shouldn't have left it up to interpretation. In this universe Rob is right, it's weird that he didn't kill the Joker as well. Also I haven't seem Justice League, so if he's still running around poppin guys in the head with assault rifles then they either completely threw away this potential character growth or I read way too into the character in BvS

edit: also as an aside, *Speechless* very much isn't like Modern Family (it revolves around a single family in one house, and one of the house's teenagers has cerebral palsy, I have no idea at all how NL got the impression that everyone has the disease
The leaf with an egg behind it is great, also really like the "Let's Go!" inside the lion's mane and the leaf in the mane. Like those are very wearable designs that don't scream "THIS IS A SHIRT ABOUT A YOUTUBER"

I think some of the other designs are a little gaudy, and go against what seemed to be the very majority opinion in that first merch thread which was that people don't want to wear shirts that are blatantly about an internet personality. Like the judo chop, christian shirt, grocery shirt, and is this shirt a sandwich designs are kinda funny, but I'd never personally want to wear them. I kinda cringe at the idea of having to explain "oh well there's this youtuber/streamer who, sometimes when someone swears, says 'mmmmmmmmmexcuse me this is a christian stream'"
Spire game actually seemed pretty fun, but the artstyle turned me off, it looks a lot like a flash game. If people in the crew keep playing it/egg starts a series or a let's look at on it I might pick it up
Sincerely thank you for saying this, I reread the title twice and still came away thinking it said head. Still, a double hand transplant is amazing
HE GOT A DECENT DOCKET BOIS
I gotta say, I could do without chat spamming "RACIST HOST" every time anyone mentions any global location, that's the kind of NLSS meme that Ryan tweeted asking chat to stop spamming
Yeah, idk. I haven't been to the amazon chat today but from what I hear they still haven't added any mods and they haven't put the room in slow mode or anything. It's too much to just ask 9k+ people to cool it, the tourney needs to actually moderate if they want a less biased / calmer chat
Who thought cooking craze was a good idea for this tourney
Rob was late and hadn't seen Ryab play yet, so when NL came out for the first time after Rob got there he yelled something like "I'M HERE FOR YOU" 
On one hand he's sounded like he legit loves minions throughout the tournament so far, but on the other hand he's being paid to act like these mobile games are the greatest things on the planet
wtf is a r3hab?
Has anyone seen Swiftor yet? I think he's maybe the only person that played all 10 yesterday and he's pretty solidly at the bottom of the leaderboard
Is Nampai allowed to pick a line that looks 4x thinner than the one everyone else has been using?
At least give them a chair or a stool or something while they're playing, I can't imagine a game like dancing lines is easy when you're hunched over like this
Oh man, third crash in a row.

Also is there a way to get rid of my submitter flair in this thread? I should've made this with an alt
haha when ryan's tablet crashed, "these things happen from time to time, no harm, no foul, it happened early it's not like anyone was robbed"

I think host knows about (RED) JUSTICE FOR NL (RED)
Literally made this to say that they hosts are wearing the same clothes

Also Galadad just tripped on the curtain
Maybe that's just his humour, but I took it as actual anger and I'm guessing most of the audience/the other competitors did too. Like if he just accused her of lying about the controls once or twice that'd be one thing, but he legitimately kept talking about it for 6 straight minutes
You are 8000% the only person that thought the woman on the right was k8.
That's really interesting. Knowing Ryan pays him to show up doesn't take away from the show at all, but it's kinda weird. Idk, good for nek for getting some money and good for ryab for dolling it out, however much it is. I guess I'm just a little surprised since the exposure of being a host on the show seems like its own kind of payment, I imagine quite a few of neks subs come from NL's stream, and a few of NL's subs probably come from nek's
Honestly a game where he just stared at a blank solid-coloured wall could provide some of his best commentary ever. I'd 100% watch every episode
That's what I thought when I swapped to it! It was still a bit spammy, but it was actually readable beyond "Ryan Letourneau, better known by his username Northernlion, is a Canadian with a love for..."
I'm with him honestly, I hate watching the refs take forever to drop a puck. I swear they fake out players sometimes just to make them switch out with someone else, like they're holding a grudge and that's their payback
So worst case scenario he could end up being third behind Yassuo and Hafu, that's really good! Out of all of these elite gamers, Whom some may say are some of the **best gamers on the planet?** Wowie our egg sure is something!

but actually good job ryab your pacman performance was incredible to watch
Wow, I'm actually shocked that there are other results for the search "Pacman king" I mean I guess I shouldn't be surprised, it's the internet, but I seriously thought such a stupid sounding query would only have this post as a result
This has also been known since this year's tourney was announced, so if he tweeted about a $30k winner pool (I haven't checked his tweets to verify), then he was way off and this was never stated
I acquiesce myself shut, what else could I do?
1/10 of the 2.5k is the easy answer, but legally I can imagine it being a grey area
Yeah I assume Galadad is getting 2.5k no matter what, at least I hope so. 

I also hope Sky gets a fair payout too though, that one round he was in was both super uncomfortable and super funny, that was great
Hey I'm gonna copypaste a portion of a comment I made in another thread:

**This is all rumour and hearsay, so take it with a grain of salt:**

Sky's first event was Real Racing 3 or whatever, the Porsche racing game. I don't remember who his first opponent was, but supposedly she told him backstage that the game was motion controlled but it wasn't, so when the race started he drove straight into a wall and got stuck for 15-20 seconds. After that he accused her of telling him it was motion controlled, and he kept accusing her for the entire 6 minute race and her only response was "I don't even know what motion controls are! What's he talking about!?" (this is paraphrased, but I believe that's pretty much word for word [and imo completely unbelievable, who doesn't know what motion controls are 50% of these games use them]) over and over. So whether he left because he felt cheated, because the tourney didn't like him accusing his opponent of cheating for 6 minutes straight, or because of something entirely unrelated is still up in the air, but there were definitely events that could have caused him to leave/be let go.
I know I'm doing the whole "/r/northernlion user looking for drama where there probably isn't any" thing but that's my two cents
edit x2: I should also add that I've noticed all contestants have played RR3 with motion controls, so maybe I misunderstood what Sky was accusing his opponent of or maybe he was just confused I don't know, but I definitely just saw Ryan tilt his tablet before the race to make sure it'll turn properly
Actually I guess I'm not sure. Like the Chozo said, last years was on CBS I believe, but I just assumed this one would also air. I know in the chat Eluc said something like "how are they going to edit this to be good for TV" but maybe he made the same assumption I made
Happy for EU bros but I thought it was confirmed to be 10am again? Doesn't matter a ton to me though, just finished my second last semester of uni so I literally don't have anything better to do than to watch 10 hours of Champions of Fire for two days in a row.

Read that last sentence again and tell me if it's as sad as I think it is.
I just hope he gets his full 2.5k when he eventually probably doesn't make the top 6. I assume it's going to be weird since Sky probably also has a claim to some money since he was on stream for a game. IDK Amazon is obviously ridiculously rich but I can't imagine this tourney in particular having a lot of room for going over their budget
Yeah, ridiculously he said in twitch chat that he played cooking during the break. He also said that he and his opponent (whom I don't think he named) both played badly, but that he won!
Oh did they finally get a mod? I loved the spam but after about 5 hours I switched over to NL's chat to get some (relatively) more normal discourse

That's good though. The fact that the spam kept up for hours was legit hilarious, but I felt bad for any non-NL fans who wanted to watch
It was totally fine for a stream (I mean it wasn't good, but it was kind of what you'd expect for a stream, you know?) but the fact that they're going to be editing it to be shown on television just boggles my mind. Beyond us, this will not be watched
Honestly after the first 4 hours I was completely mentally checked out, but from that point on I literally couldn't look away. That was both greatest and absolute worst thing that I've ever watched. I can't wait to wake up early tomorrow to continue this extended fever dream stream
I think he'll get top 3 since he's already at 1, it'd take a gigantic upset to knock him down to 4th 5th or 6th. So assuming this tournament is run by actual professionals in any capacity (debatable), he *should* be playing someone worse than him in the first playoff round, but who knows how they'll decide who plays who
Like tears in the rain
Were they planning on having everyone play all 10 games today then having the playoffs right away tomorrow? I know they went way overtime today but it seems weird that they just stopped before everyone finished
C L U T C H B A N A N A
I'm sure the system makes sense, but as weird as it would be for them to do so I really wish the tournament would release a detailed spreadsheet for what placement in each game equals what amount of points

I can't help but feel that they've made literally everything up haha
First of all I'm not watching the leafs game because I'm so into this stupid tourney 

and second yeah, I really like that this is a nl-only sub so I don't have to feel bad about all the comments too. Like in the hockey GDTs it's like 80% leafs fans and 20% other team, I feel bad about how biased the comments can be haha

Luckily in the baseball GDTs during the postseason it seems like everyone not wearing a Jays flair is super against the Jays, so it all evens out
To all the people in the chat saying "calm down chat he's just a kid," he has like kind of been a bit of a dick all day though

also he's 18 and has a full beard, he's not a kid
***NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO***
***NO***
**NO**
You guys think Swiftor is gonna take a game at some point? I give him props for telling the truth at the beginning about being bad, but I really hope he squeaks into the top 6 somehow
Hey I just wanna say how cool it is that we have a live mega thread for something like this. Like the fact that I can sort by "new" and constantly see 10+ new comments about things that *just* happened. Idk I frequent the /r/baseball and the /r/hockey subs, it's cool to see that kind of fandom for my fave streamer/tuber <3
Oh I believe you, I'm not joking I believe the tourney has actually changed some rules **during** competition, it's been wild
I'm gonna call it now, Ryan is BY FAR the most charismatic contestant. Some other people have some charisma too, don't get me wrong, but every sentence NL has said has been charismatic

honestly maybe it's because he has a crown cheering him on, but I think he's legit just extremely likable 

edit: I meant crowd not crown, but honestly it's such a stupid mistake that I'm going to leave it. Haha he said the word wrong amirite
Weird, especially since I just watched Ryan tilt his tablet to make sure his RR3 car will turn properly. Honestly wouldn't be surprised if they changed the control scheme halfway through the tourney for one reason or another, it's been a mess and a half
Yeah that's my inside baseball guess as well. I don't think he was kicked, I think he felt cheated (supposedly whoever he was up against told him that the first game was motion controlled and it wasn't [I didn't believe his allegation at first, but the fact that he continued accusing her for the entire 6 minute race and that her only response was "I don't even know what motion controls is! What's he even talking about!?" over and over make me think he was telling the truth]). That's all the knowledge we have though
He said he and whoever he played against were both bad, but that he won!
All we know is that Sky "couldn't continue the event" (the host's words), and that they brought my BOY G A L A D O N in to take over, who apparently was on a short list in case of a cancellation.

Not sure about Yas, I know it's been a solid hour or 2 since he's played, but they still show him on the leaderboard (unlike sky)

*edit* **This is all rumour and hearsay, so take it with a grain of salt:**

Sky's first event was Real Racing 3 or whatever, the Porsche racing game. I don't remember who his first opponent was, but supposedly she told him backstage that the game was motion controlled but it wasn't, so when the race started he drove straight into a wall and got stuck for 15-20 seconds. After that he accused her of telling him it was motion controlled, and he kept accusing her for the entire 6 minute race and her only response was "I don't even know what motion controls are! What's he talking about!?" (this is paraphrased, but I believe that's pretty much word for word [and imo completely unbelievable, who doesn't know what motion controls are 50% of these games use them]) over and over. So whether he left because he felt cheated, because the tourney didn't like him accusing his opponent of cheating for 6 minutes straight, or because of something entirely unrelated is still up in the air, but there were definitely events that *could have* caused him to leave/be let go.

I know I'm doing the whole "/r/northernlion user looking for drama where there probably isn't any" thing but that's my two cents

*edit x2:* I should also add that I've noticed all contestants have played RR3 with motion controls, so maybe I misunderstood what Sky was accusing his opponent of or maybe he was just confused I don't know, but I definitely just saw Ryan tilt his tablet before the race to make sure it'll turn properly

Props to DJ R3hab, usually when an event like this flies a celebrity in they seem checked out and don't really talk, but this dude seems genuinely excited about this event (also about NL)
Yeah pretty understandable that that'd mess up the rounds, I just wish e g g b o i didn't take the hit
Oh my god I've been watching this for 7 hours

And getting loudly upset when they understandably don’t respond
Alright, then you copy/pasted this comment to another comment haha. How does that make it any different?

Just back out dude, I don't know about you but it's getting pretty clear that no one agrees with you on this
>*earlier*    

"The steering isn't working for me, I can't turn, it's broken"

"Next time don't blame the broken steering wheel for running straight into the wall"
I feel like I've seen this somewhere... Are you just copy/pasting your own comments and spamming them in this thread?

There's a difference between spamming a phrase and spamming a giant block of text that takes over the entire chat.

Don't act like a 12-year-old, Sliver.
Maybe you'd feel more comfortable watching fullscreen then, because the only enjoyable part of this stream for me and thousands of other people is seeing a non-NLSS chat flooded with NLSS memes
You know what yeah I take it back, I'd be surprised if 90% of the people involved in this stream even understand how the scoring works. Round robin sucked when ryab got knocked out last year, but at least it made sense. People are losing 3/3 rounds of a game and walking away with 5 points
They couldn't score off distance because then all players would just avoid hitting bananas/minions to take the safest route, I get that, but they should have done it based off of score. I don't even think NL was ahead by score by the time they hit the limit, it just makes so much more sense to do score
Yeah but they know how long the timer last for (I assume), they could have a timer running outside of the app so the players know. And yeah I think the biggest evidence for them not researching these games is Sonic Forces, this game is so clearly broken, Sega must've offered a pretty decent chunk of cash to throw this one in the docket
he's saying nek and nek ackshually
100% yes
Has the production value gone down from last year? I think NL did actually lose his first game fairly (well, it's hard to call it fair when he lost to a hidden game timer), but the hosts have made almost zero effort to actually explain the rules to both the audience and to the players, right down to not even explaining the controls.

There've been multiple technical issues with the tablets (including crashing and having to swap out the batteries in them after just an hour and a half of uptime), the hosts have constantly interrupted players mid-game to ask them pointless bullshit, and worst of all we've seen pretty much everyone play 3 games but Ryan has still only played once.

Also shoutout to when that one guy's steering literally didn't work and they had to restart, and the host made fun of him, telling him not to blame the broken steering wheel for running straight into the first wall
That'd be perfect to me honestly, I get they need to commentate, like that's why they're there, but oh my god stop asking the contestants pointless questions WHILE they're playing
I'm still aboard the (RED) JUSTICE FOR NL (RED) because the hosts have consistently not properly explained the rules to the players and the audience. Also why would they have a hidden timer in a tournament, it's kinda ridiculous
idk I know it was a joke but when he shouted "DON'T OPEN YOUR MOUTH WHEN TALKING TO ME" or whatever to the other host was really weird. Mostly I just wish he would shut up for more than 5 seconds
Jesus that lady's foot alone must weight like 100 pounds for the scale to react like that
If it helps everywhere online seems to point to both "focusing" and "focussing" being correct, and it just comes down to personal preference
[For the ~~lucky people who've never seen this~~ uninitiated](https://i2.wp.com/torontosportsmedia.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/C-L_tURXYAAF8Ib.jpg-large.jpg?fit=598%2C399&ssl=1)
I know you're joking because of that sub, but also we've been seeing a lot of "wow I found some NL fans in a different sub!" posts recently. Idk, he's a pretty popular LPer, I don't really think it's interesting if 4 people said acquiesce and let's go in a different sub personally
he looks like a turtle that grew too big for his hair shell
I must not be understanding this right, how does a post with 20 upvotes in 80 minutes hit the top 5 in rising across the entire site?
[you have my blessing, my dude](https://imgur.com/a/Q9kkR)
I mean you didn't even edit it at all though

"well that's the joke!" if that's the joke then it's not a good one
Yep, I know that HFF is loved by pretty much everyone, but I never really got into it and now they're starting to just replay levels
yo this isn't a clip it's just a link to his channel tho
I think he means that just in general the white iPhone's screen would be on, though I also don't really follow. Like to prove that it's a real phone and not a dead one? Idk if I were the kid I definitely wouldn't think of having to prove that the phone is real.
That baby would snap in half in my pocket, like within a couple days
Yeah maybe 'haunted' is the word I was looking for
I like it but I'll throw in my two cents.

Some people prefer physical fn keys, some people think it isn't being used to the best of its ability, and in my personal experiences a *lot* of people have simply never tried it and decided it was bad to justify still using their current macbook
Apple had *a* all USB-C laptop for 2.5 years, they've only had *all* USB-C laptops for a year. I'm not saying the accessory makers are in any rush at all, but I don't think they would have cared about one USB-C MacBook. It's the full switch they should care about.
I have a 15" 2016 mbp. I'm all for improving the laptop but I sincerely love the butterfly keyboard, I've never run into the issue of having too few USB-C ports, and I like the touch bar.

I know the above things are a bit contentious, but focus on fixing real issues, not cosmetic ones.

* Get a graphics card that doesn't cause random flickering when playing videos and gifs. 
* Find a way to implement magsafe with the USB-C ports.
* Upgrade the internals so that when you claim the laptop can push four 4K monitors or two 5K monitors it actually *can*. I don't have a need for multiple 4K monitors (or the money for them), but from what I hear the laptop isn't really powerful enough to actually do much once you have it jacked into that many hi-res displays.

These are just a few, but imo there are much more pressing concerns that changing the keyboard switches and taking away a feature (touch bar) that Apple obviously isn't going to change.
I mean, are you sure? It's a set-up pic for the back of one of his albums

unless i missed the /s
Because to remember an indiscretion from 2 years, 7 months, 69 (HAHAHA) days, 15 hours, and 7 seconds ago, she must be a robot. Because only a robot could remember something so precise.

Look I definitely don't think it's funny but I get the humour there, idk compared to some other stuff on this sub this seems pretty ok 
"unironically"

seeing those edits I have a very hard time believing this was anything *but* ironic
Like you said, this is **Parker**, he's extremely innocent and an extremely sweet boi, it's in character that he would forgive any of his friends for literally anything, even killing him.
two thoughts:

1. considering Toto started 40 years ago that's actually a decent song, most bands stop making anything listenable after 15 years

2. wow i've never seen the Be Good Johnny video. If nek wants to talk about REAL art on the NLSS maybe he should give this a watch before monday
Wait did one of them tweet that or something? How's that even going to work with Alyssa haha
I hate when videos feel the need narrate what's going on in big bold text when we obviously know what's going on.

**"NOW HE JUST CAN'T BELIEVE. . . KASE IS FINALLY HOME"** thanks I wasn't picking up on that
Excuse me? Friendships were ***ended*** in the Civil War
Hm, makes sense, since I started using Murray's my scalp has been pretty itchy. I figured it was from the oils but didn't start thinking dandruff was involved until now. As much as I like the hold from Murray's walking around with visible flakes, dandruff or product, is something I'm starting to get a bit self-conscious about.

Is dandruff from the oils in the pomade something I could theoretically fix, or should I just ditch the oil-based stuff all together?
Come on don't twist what I said, I said that in my life it's appropriate to all the women I know except my mom, not only to a handful of people.
I tried searching the web and the sub for answers but since the answer will pertain to my specific body size/shape I thought it would be best to ask here.

Because of my size (mostly my stomach) I'm not sure if I should be bulking right now then cutting or if I should be cutting right now then bulking then cutting again in a few months. [Here](https://imgur.com/a/4BhJl) are two pictures of me from the side, not flexing and then flexing, and [here](https://imgur.com/a/YS7Vk) are two pictures of me from the front, again not flexing and then flexing.

I weigh 160ish lbs and I'd like to pack on some muscle by the time summer comes around, but I'm wondering if I should just start eating 3k calories a day now and pack on the pounds, or if I should slim down to the point that I don't have a gut and then start packing on pounds? And a final question I have: if I do eat 3k calories a day, roughly hit my macros every day, and lift/do cardio 5-6 days a week, will I get fat or will I just kind of get bigger all around?
I'm not going to do that because I don't really think 69 jokes are funny (aside from ironically, I guess), but just because you or some women you know would be offended by it doesn't mean every woman would be offended by it. Like I know my mom wouldn't appreciate it, but my girlfriend and her friends have made 69 jokes. Like other people in the thread have said, there's a difference between someone going "haha 69 amirite" and going "hey I wouldn't mind doing 69% of something with you ifyaknowwhatimean."

Unless you're saying the only issue is that a *man* said it, in which case I think that's kind of sexist and I don't really want to touch on that, especially in the nba sub
I'm 90% sure that the step-father paid for the phone himself, but I can see a situation where our greasy friend here gave his step-father the money and asked him to go buy it for him because he's afraid of sunlight and the outside world in general
Yep, someone saying the number 69 outloud in front of a woman is the same as catcalling her
cursed image

I actually thought you might be dead, so like welcome back and stuff
I made a thread about this yesterday but do you think maybe the guys would be willing to give this game a shot? 
[http://store.steampowered.com/app/250900/The_Binding_of_Isaac_Rebirth/](http://store.steampowered.com/app/250900/The_Binding_of_Isaac_Rebirth/)

Look, I know people are probably a little sick of Isaac, but I think it would be pretty cool for a "once or twice a month" kinda segment. Or as someone mentioned in my thread yesterday it would be pretty cool to see some vanilla flash Isaac again
You heard it bois PUBG's back on the docket!
I hate this angle so much
Yeah no worries man, I have the same thing going on where one of my posts just never showed up and the mod I contacted said that it was "removed," but not by a mod and that it never showed up in the mod queue. I'm chalking mine up to a glitch but that's weird that both of yours didn't show up
Yeah it used to be 6-9 (heh heh) Monday, Wednesday, and Thursday I believe, but I think I remember once summer vacation started that NL said he could do the show a little earlier because he didn't have any classes to go to (also the reason the Tuesday stream started I think)
Nope!
Definitely don't like the pill design, but that monitor looks fantastic (though the rounded screen corners are a bad idea for anyone hoping to run Windows 10)
I was really disappointed he brought it back as a sub stream and made Kerbal the youtube series a few months ago. I really think Rimworld worked best for him on youtube where he could constantly talk about the interweaving stories between his characters without chat as a distraction, and on the flipside I think having chat during the Kerbal playthrough would have made the entire experience a bit less frustrating since his first rockets/planes were travesties. Feels like a ships in the night kind of thing, I think both series were better suited for the opposite platforms
Hey you're that person from that other thread! So if you go to the 'moderators' section on the sidebar you should see a 'message the moderators' button in the top right. Hope that helps!
I remember an episode or two where NL accidentally played with the Josh Mod on but I don't remember one where he popped in. Super interested if this turns up
Did you mean The Omeganutte?
Also said it's because it's a bad experience for VOD and it's not a fun watch for a lot of people
I was almost certain that as of last week anyone we turned into a zombie would turn other players into zombies every night for the remainder of a game
Yeah, keep it to the comments in the Mega Thread or something. I don't think MSM is the greatest game ever made but I still get excited when it shows up and I think so does most of the rest of chat too. Making/upvoting posts about how everyone on the show cheats and how we don't get enough messages is just whiny, we're not gonna win 'em all and we can't just have everyone ask us out every night (this is coming from a guy who made a post whining about not getting messages last week).
yo boys stop peeping chat during MSM it’s lame and it sends chat into a legit tizzy

also yo chat judging by who the boys picked through the later rounds of MSM they didn’t know/care we were the zomboi so even if they were peeping chat they either didn’t see that we were or played like they didn’t know so stop ending every MSM round spamming lionSalt and PJSalt and cussing out the guys because we lost
Last game we had no messages / only 1 message in like 2 or 3 rounds which was lame but idk today seemed fine. We never had 0 messages and we're not gonna be the prettiest girl at the prom every NLSS, especially after we got asked out by 5 guys in the first round. It's dumb since we can only pick one but us always picking Sinny V no matter what is probably starting to sour the guys out of asking us out
It's fine but I think the pure salt in the second half of this stream is (again) showing that it needs to be a single segment instead of a double header. The last half of segment two has been a sort of shouting match of "I'm right you're wrong" which is kind of funny but also kind of not

edit: also chat is legit a giant asshole hivemind when anyone disagrees about how to play, I feel like chat hounds nek 5x harder than any other co-host for no reason. Like seriously he wants to actually do the puzzles and he's the bad guy? They beat 2 levels today as of this post, I understand his frustration with being stuck in the same spot for like 15 minutes straight when the puzzle is obvious
I can't quite make out what Hazel's saying in this tweet, can someone fill in the gaps for me?

As much as I hate the 280 character change on twitter, I'm really hoping it'll let reporters and journalists be clearer 
No they both make sense and you’re just being pretentious
I drink like 4 cups of coffee a day, it's not a good thing. Also my reaction is in the exact reverse order, first cup of the day is a literal godsend, then every cup after that makes me feel more and more sick. I just really like the taste of coffee.

Also fix yourself if you wake up looking like she does in the first panel, she's drawn like she's been awake for 3 days straight
Yep that's how that interaction goes. You walk up to the ticket booth and say "I want a ticket" then the worker has to guess which movie you want to see. Happens all the time
Man, only 11k views on the last video from a week ago? I'm sure those 11k love the series and all but I haven't seen an NL video get  numbers that low for a long time
CUPE. I'll probably sound like a dick but I suffered through their last month-long strike like 2 years ago, it fucked me up and I don't want to go through it again in my final year. I get they want changes but I think it's ridiculous that a 4 year undergraduate can get hit twice by strikes involving the same people
Honestly? Fuck off. This is my last year and I already lived through their last strike like 2 years ago. In a four year program I shouldn't be hit twice by CUPE strikes, last time I was on their side, this time I'm on York, it's getting ridiculous.
In the fever-dream that was the first half of the second segment Nick said there was someone on the subreddit that said they were sad Wild Animal Racing was cut yesterday and he wondered their opinion on it now.

I am that someone.

10/10 lemme break it down for you

* whole track is made of bangers
* top tier graphics from the year 1999 which I’m sure is its original release date
* original gameplay with plentiful lore
* tight controls 
* steady cinematic frame rate
* large amount of content that keeps you coming back for more
* sexy characters

You don’t see products of this calibre released anymore, it was an absolute treat to see this game played on the show, I can’t wait for it to come back.
Your stubborness isn't in what you're saying, it's in how you're saying it. Personally I believe that it probably wears down easily, didn't the Jet Black 7s do the same? You're just saying it in the rudest way possible over and over, whining that people are downvoting you instead of just being nicer
Well it's not like they can or should change every ! followed by a square, it'd be really weird for them to be able to just wipe certain letters/emojis/words from the internet
Discussing the reddiquette is extraordinarily off-topic in a thread about iPhone wear and tear though, surely you realize that
lick on my peepee eggboi !
Honestly it's because I looked up Wild Animal Racing and it looked *soooo* stupid, I was right pumped up for it. NL mentioned playing it tomorrow so I'm hoping they actually do
DOUBT
He also voted to cut homeless shelter funding
Yeah, a while back he voted to cut homeless shelter funding. We have a homeless problem and it's not going to go away without the proper programs. Honestly if you look into him it's easy to not like him
Human Fall Flat is a cool game to watch for an hour, but got sick of it beyond that. The game wasn’t bad but it just started to get old for me, it showed me why I really like the usual 1 hour segment system. I’d like to see it again in hour segments though!

Also yo NL stop poppin off at chat we can literally only choose 1 person to date and you try to trick us every single round of MSM, us knowing you’re not going to pick us shouldn’t warrant like 3 separate rants about us not picking you we’re trying to play too
I feel the exact opposite, the giant boat was pretty sick but this is making me understand why games are usually held to 1 hour segments. Others will feel differently and I think I'm in the minority judging by chat but joke started to get old for me
Yo they're all* really good rappers it's crazy




^^^^^^^*not ^^^^^^^dan
Notice how the first guy clearly hasn't put any work into his appearance. He's dressed blandly, his pants don't seem to fit (you can see his ankles), and he has a stupid haircut.

Look now at the second guy, he's dressed better, his clothes fit, and he actually did something with his hair. He's also visibly successful, whereas guy #1 just compliments the girl with no potential to show for.

You can't just compliment a girl until she falls for you, you have to put at least a little bit of work into yourself and have some kind of future. Money isn't everything but not having it is
look I'm not a ref but imo that wasn't embellishment and that didn't warrant a penalty shot
Embellishment?
Idk considering everyone in this thread except for you is talking about how good his track is so far I'd say he won't be very alienated
This break feel like it's taking twice as long as usual for anyone else? 
Yeah they should read chat, they're not gonna know what "1" "2" "3" etc mean, as long as we stick to numbers and don't just shout actual names
7 or 8/10 show, pretty good, fun to have Danny G for first and third seggers.

Getting ignored/only having one option who obviously isn’t gonna date us back in  MSM a punch in the gut, that game goes from a 10/10 game to watch/play as chat to a 0/10. I don’t wanna sound whiny but that game is straight up not good if we just can’t do anything. Other than that really good Jacky (Dick Fagen deserves a place in the NLSS Hall of Fame).
In other words: no nl you stinky egg you didn't deceive us into voting for you yet again, we literally had no other option
Strikes me as more of a "threw it on the ground because they're rich and thought this would get views" rather than a "drop test." It's just a little (read: way) too shattered to have been dropped in a normal fashion. I guess we'll see if they actually shatter like this in the coming weeks though.

Also just as a side note, who gets their new expensive phone and decides to drop test it? 
Hope you're happy mods, you finally scared my happy little write-up boi /u/FiveFourThreeNoseOne away

*edit:* I should say that I have no proof/don't think he's banned, just that his post-game writeups have been getting almost instantly removed recently, hopefully he knows that he'll always have a place in the /r/leafs GDTs
Dunno dude, I can watch NL's vods no problem
Oh my god, Baer is an actual rapper
Yeah it's uncomfortable too, the crew taking shots at each other is cool because they actually know each other, some random chat guy dissing Ryan is just weird
I know he probably won't do this, but I'm really hoping him saying he's not making his track a diss track was a mislead and the first 2 minutes are like his preview but G O L D man shows up for the last 2 minutes and eviscerates everyone
That LET'S GO LET'S GO got me, it was just completely out of left field haha
Everyone's just quoting other lines, can someone explain the joke here? If it's just that Fry is so stupid that he thinks "M" is actually a number between one and three that's kind of charming, but it's not that funny to me
Ryan's gonna channel some mid-90s lyrics and drop bombs on baer, but idk if they can compete with baer's lyrics combined with how out of the blue his diss track was. 

Also if Ryab doesn't sing some killer chorus lyrics then I'm #teambaer no doubt. Ball's in your court ryab, we say [](#lionSing) [](#lionSing) we pay [](#lionSing) [](#lionSing) you sing [](#lionSing) [](#lionSing) or we leave for a soirée [](#lionSing) [](#lionSing)
I thought it was ridiculous that people actually thought MALF was blacklisted, but that goldeneye segment was more than just poking fun. I don’t think NL meant it in a mean way, but he went off on MALF for like 15 minutes straight while MALF was trying to defend himself in chat
DOUBT
yo did anyone get a pic of that dude painted like a baseball i really want a screencap

this is why i made the thread tbh
Were they less salty? The doritos locos I get up here taste like they just rubbed orange salt-sludge all over the shell and called it a dorito 
Still catching up on the VOD but I remember last week during the "make a headline" phase or whatever 1 or 2 people would say something like "Oh my god, I mean Jesus... I... I don't know if I can say this... It's awful... Oh man, I'm gonna do it, yep I'm gonna do it, ugggghhhhh I'm so sorry this is the worst thing I've ever done, I'm so sorry" and their headline would be like mildly offensive at best. 

I get they have to do the whole pre-apology thing considering they have like 6-8k viewers and don't want to make anyone mad, but to me it just comes off as pretty insincere, like everyone knows you don't think the holocaust didn't happen, don't ramble an apology off for it for 30 seconds.
Didn't enjoy Fortnite that much, it's an ok game and NL's duos with dan are fun, but it shuts down any conversation and everyone kinda gets riled up over nothing. Also Rob building 300 foot staircases was funny but him shutting down / saying he'll just stay in the basement of a building for the rest of the game etc. was a little much
He can in the sense that everyone knows nek will be uncomfortable with anything too controversial, so everyone has to tone it down a bit. Not nek's fault, it's just probably a game to play when his water heater breaks or he takes the day off because it's like 120 degrees out
"There was a day this week where I didn't have any food so I just ate like a slice of bread and a slice of cheese once an hour for like twelve hours"
My boy if over half your post is pre-defending yourself against people saying he doesn't have too many days off then maybe you shouldn't make the post.

Either way dude takes like 2 NLSS's off every 2 or 3 months and his YouTube stream never stops. On average he streams 17ish hours a week now and pushes 2.5-3 hours of content each day on YouTube, so he's popping off nearly 40 hours a week
Why do you hate to admit it? The watch is useful and completely kills the need to ever have your phone off silent
It autofilled Tulowitzki after i typed "tulo" but i had to type out every excruciating letter in "Saltalamacchia"
Yeah but that site doesn't update with Ryan's trips, just says when the stream usually is
Also I don't see how anyone that subbed after 2015 is a fake fan to the point that the entire subreddit is a "fandom," emphasis on the quotation marks. People talk about how baseball needs to grow, wonder why it's dying, etc. Maybe it's because anytime a new fan shows up they get made fun of and called fake fans?
I also had some trouble because I selected living alone and then the next like 4 or 5 questions assumed that I lived with someone else and didn't have a "does not apply" option, so I just kinda left the survey half-finished
Is Tyler someone this girl or NL knows or...
Fair enough haha
I'm not sure what you're getting at here, but it kinda sounds like he was just pointing out that you don't just "stumble across" your own painting, like you just totally forgot you even painted it. I think you're reading about 10x too much into it, dude was just making fun of an obviously fake backstory
I think my issue is that staff were clearly dealing with it, it was already broken up and it looked like xmas man and leafs dude were both on their way out of the arena (albeit slowly because they stopped halfway up the stairs), then Boro came down and threw a bunch of face punches, totally escalating the situation.

I know I'll get disagreed with and downvoted because it probably comes of like I'm defending the leafs dude, I'm not. I'm just saying that the situation was clearly on the downswing then Boro bolted down the stairs because he saw an opportunity to start a fight and look like a hero. I mean dude "intervened" while puffing out his chest, he wanted to fight someone
Anyone know why this was removed? It was one of  /u/fivefourthreenoseone 's post-game heartwarming write-ups. It's still on his profile so I don't think he's the one that deleted it
Haha I thought 100% this was gonna be that pic of his calves at that campsite

Oh, r/creepy isn't creepy huh? Then how do you explain [this??](https://www.reddit.com/r/creepy/comments/76zupy/found_this_creepy_freddy_shirt_i_painted_last_year/) /s
Haha I really can't get over that so many designers though they would just copy/paste the regular ipod interface onto a full touchscreen, including a software-click wheel. I mean nothing like the iPhone interface really existed yet, so I get it, but it's so funny looking back.
Outside of a technology-yet-invented I can't see any product reveal topping the iPhone. There just isn't anything that will change the game as much as that phone did.

(half-heartedly hoping this comment will be included one of those "These people didn't think any tech product could be **T H I S** revolutionary ever again" threads)
No clue what JQuery is but cool I'm learning javascript in an intro to HTML coding class at my uni! Maybe i'll finally be able to decipher some of his angry-about-programming tweets
So if all Washington D.C. crimes aren't instantly considered federal crimes then the other commenter is just being extremely vague to mess with that guy? Seems rude

Makes sense though, I mean Congress has a lot to do (haha yeah yeah Congress is lazy, they don't do anything, good one), it'd be pretty stupid if they also had to deal with every single petty crime too.
Is it jarring because it "doesn't fit" or jarring because you've played the real game and know it doesn't fit? Not judging either way, I just think if anything open-world games benefit the most from 60fps (spinning the 3rd person camera around the character)
Haven't followed Destiny 2 but yeah that's a shock and a half. Is it at least 30 fps if you play on a 1080p tv or did they just ruin the experience for 95% of the players because they had to get it running on the other 5%'s 4k tvs?
Imagining them each really enunciating the "o" and "e" is a pretty funny mental image
I think a lot of people didn't know how much they cared about him until Wednesday. I started listening to their music after watching their last show on TV (never really thought I'd like them, I just thought "I'm 22 from a small town in rural Canada, how much can I really connect with their music? And I mean what is 'Canadian' music anyway?" right?). 

Then he passed on Wednesday, hit me like an absolute ton of bricks, he was a special guy.

*edit*: I really recommend checking out Fully Completely. I know I know it's their "big" album, but it's their big album for a reason. Absolutely love it.
I get the love for HL2 if you played it when it came out, but there are arguably a *lot* of better FPS games that have come out since. HL2 introduced a lot of new mechanics to the genre, but it's a pretty clunky game compared to anything that came out in the last 6 or 7 years
I have a Switch but I feel like the phrase "rock solid 30fps" in 2017 isn't a good look for the console. I'm not saying they shouldn't make the game or they should downscale it like crazy to hit 60, it's just not a good look
So can you my dude, this whole thread warrants a "you can probably calm down"

You can not like the segment and that's chill  but when 100% of the comments here liked the segment and 99% of the chat liked it too maybe you're the one being #problematic
I understand the misconception though, since on Wednesday someone got revealed as the Mother and Ryan didn't know it said *whose* mother they were (since the game kinda of hides it above the character card on reveal for some reason, instead of putting it clearly in the character card) so he didn't say that they were ____'s mother
Steve Jobs was Buddhist
Like all jackbox games you get out what you put in. If you have an off-session or you/a couple other people in your group are on different wavelengths humour-wise it's probably gonna be a pretty bad experience in any party pack
I've seen men post "#notme" on their walls because surprise, sexual assault can go both ways. Either this guy is too stupid to realize that or he would consider being raped by a woman as a good thing.

Actually don't answer that, it's probably a little of column A a little of column B.
yea it's not like anyone but malf was messaging us anyway, we gotta put ourselves out there and the options are extremely limited. Wouldn't mind if they changed the format a bit so EVERY chat option involves another player's name, that way we don't have to waste a message begging for whatever random name shows up to message us. 

IMO any chat option that doesn't involve another player's name is just fluff anyway, it's funny to say "smells like poop in here" or something but like, that doesn't really help us
Because malf was the only person who messaged us for like the first 6 rounds straight, game respekt game and that was true love bb
yep that's another 10/10

I won't act like the jackbox 4 hype will last forever, but these party pack streams are bangin right now
[egg is lazy boy](https://www.reddit.com/r/northernlion/comments/6gglii/friday_the_13th_ep_1_malf_is_jason/diqev81/?context=10000)
First fog map game was episode 1 of season 2 on the youtube series I think
You're right, every single person in line attacked the store front, burned it down and slaughtered the employees.

I mean yeah, some pretty cringey videos came out of it but it's not like more than 2% of the people in the lines were a part of it, people just wanted to get the stupid meme sauce to prove they like the show more than everyone else. It's dumb but come on it doesn't help your case to just pretend nobody that went treated it as a meetup
Yeah I could see a bartender in the States getting upset at a $1 tip per drink if they pretty much don't make a salary, but in Toronto where a good beer is 5 to 7 bucks and everyone is making minimum wage there's no way I'm tipping more than a loonie
Gotta remember NL is from Canada, where [tip pooling is legal](https://www.ontario.ca/page/new-laws-employees-tips), and in my experience normal. Also remember our servers are making [at least minimum wage, the average being $10.66](https://www.payscale.com/research/CA/Job=Server/Hourly_Rate) (oh well isn't $2.60 American equal to $10.66 Canadian? haha good one). So up here in Canada if someone's getting like a dollar per drink, they're making about $11 bucks an hour PLUS whatever tips get pulled from the restaurant that night, it's not like our servers go home with like $30 every night or something because we all tip $1 a drink
That's a little much, don't you think? It's comments like these that spark those stupid "The Tolerant Left, Ladies and Gentlement" posts on conservative subs.
Yeah, it’s really weird. I’ve found that it runs better the longer I leave it open, but for the first 5 or so minutes it’s just almost unplayable 
We cool? On ^meeeeee ?
Yeah it's not like malf was talking in ryan's chat during the stream or anything
6/10 kind of a bland docket. 

I'm afraid I might be getting over Getting Over It (haHAA). Watching nek solo stream it is good stuff but Ryan isn't going to make progress (no offense ryab, Nick put in like 20+ hours to get good). Fun to watch but this is like what, the fourth or fifth time they've played it in the last two weeks? For me it slowly got progressively less interesting after the first time (again Nick please keep solo streaming it it works so well for a solo stream on your channel). The fact that my 1070 runs the game at a solid 60fps but it stutters like **CRAZY** doesn't help my feelings on the matter.

I like passpartout as a monthly/bi-monthly segment, wouldn't want to see it twice in the same week for sure, as usual Ryan's pictures didn't fail to entertain. 

Golf is golf, new course was interesting but kinda silly, golf could be on the docket every show I wouldn't mind.
[This link says it started with some words scribbled on a piece of paper and an acoustic guitar](http://ew.com/article/2015/12/22/motley-crue-nikki-sixx-stories-behind-songs/), but maybe that's what came after the overdose? I'm not trying to call you out, this post just made me legitimately curious about how this song came to be. I suppose being an EW article they cleaned up the real origin story a bit, getting rid of the OD and just leaving the whole "the band supported it but I was shy about it but then I decided to finish it because of their support" narrative
Wow in text that's a lot shorter than it seemed on stream
> Fuck off u ~~cis white scum~~ obese antisocial neckbeard
"Shit boss, I know we promised 5 episodes but me and the other writers just talked it over, we have like 15 more minutes of actual content at maximum, what do we do?"

"idk just make her bounce around different dimensions for 2 hours and even though we had her go back in time like 8 years in episode  3 let's make her not allowed to do that again so we can force the player to choose between Chloe and an entire medium-sized town"
I can understand this is good but was the first half of the song a little desync'd for anyone else? It came together in the climax but the sled was just a couple milliseconds ahead of the horns for the first 30 seconds or so
Don't you understand? It's just 10 bad eggs that are acting like this out of the millions of R&M fans! And Harmon clearly isn't saying that the entire ordeal is stupid, pointless, and done incredibly poorly on Mcdonalds part, he just doesn't like the art they used for the promo!  
**this** sub would be crucifying another player from another team for cheating on a girlfriend we've never heard of with a team reporter we've never heard of? What makes you think it would even get mentioned in the comments of a post on this sub? Like no really what in the world makes you think that the toronto blue jays sub would *crucify* some random player for cheating on his girlfriend with a team reporter?
A lot of people here are saying that popping in an SSD and 16 gb of ram is gonna make your laptop run well, like really well. I don’t dispute that it will run better than it does now, but I upgraded my old MacBook 2 years ago (also 17” 2011) with 16 gb of ram and an SSD and it runs like trash. 

I mean yes, it runs better than it did, but it really can’t handle much more than surfing the web and streaming 1080p YouTube videos (not to mention that it doesn’t actually work as a laptop anymore, the thing almost sets my legs on fire). I’d say if you’re willing to spend money on upgrading your laptop you might want to think about replacing it instead. Mileage may vary of course (I don’t think the other commenters here praising the upgrades are liars), but my upgraded 17” is fairly unusable as anything other than a dedicated video player. 
Awful awful or Awful-on-purpose awful? Either way just downloaded it I'm so excited

edit: oh my lord it's like my mouse weighs 10 pounds on the highest sensitivity. ~~Is she a little choppy for anyone else? I'm getting 60fps but my boy's animations are pretty janky. I know it's about as early access as it gets so no worries of course, just wondering if it's my set up~~ nvm my monitor was set to 2800x1800 even though it's a 1920x1200 screen so everything was messed tf up
To be fair it's not a laugh track, they play the shorts in front of the audience
I mean they're probably right, what kind of uni doesn't have automatic urinals?
They're kind of a weird height aren't they? Like I'd be more likely to nudge them left or right with my shin (and get piss splash all over my leg/pants) than try to step them down. And the shape of them looks like my foot would slide right off unless I came at it sideways (i.e. facing the dude next to me dead on). 

I don't know, maybe I'm overestimating their height off the ground but it doesn't really strike me as a good design at all, I'd rather just pull a lever at the top of the urinal and go wash my hands, I mean I was going to wash them anyway right?
damn 28 is middle age now
I bought the humble bundle based solely off of nek's love for it, I can't wait for friday
Honestly I think Rob really likes The Orville and jives with the jokes but he knows that the other guys in the call really don't like Macfarlane humour so he tones down his feelings on the show so no one shrieks ***ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR MIND*** at him for just sharing his opinion
[Let's go that's me](https://www.reddit.com/r/northernlion/comments/72pwtr/why_does_ryab_play_pubg_with_a_controller/dnkeitd/?context=3)
it's called mouthwash, go buy some after the fact with your crisp million dollar bill
Haha, "brigade harder" as if there's some post on the front of the circlejerk telling people to downvote this guy
When nek accidentally lets his jellies out of the jelly zoo and they make their way to your twitter
> "he's watching other guys play video games. namely it's a youtube channel called northern lion. you should tell him to find a better hobby" 

Absolutely savage

Wow Malf was in that clip RIP
I'm pretty sure blurting out your exact intentions for almost no reason is the opposite of smooth
Why is she drawn as an 8 year old
Do you think Will Ferrell ever sees this and gets upset? I can't imagine how I'd feel if I was plastered on this kind of sludge
The NLSS right before their cursed recording session. I agree with Freddaphile that if there was actual beef it wouldn't be brought up on the show, but check out Goldeneye in seggers 2 of that episode with twitch chat up on the VOD, Malf was in the comments and salt just absolutely poured out of him and NL, it was pretty funny

*Edit:* [Found a link to the Vod, just hop to seggers 2](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/175795592)
I agree they're probably cool but they all just use autohost so I wouldn't use hosting as proof of anything for or against anything
I have found profound enjoyment in printing off the highest critically rated pieces from the web domain www.fanfiction.net and get them bound at my local bookbindery. Not just any drivel of course, only the finest works regarding Ricken and Mormont. I find that, although perhaps the authors are unqualified (that is to say, I truly doubt that any of them have been published [how I feel for them!]), the sheer weight and intelligence of the source material instantly uplifts their tales.
Probably the second thing you said, but I like to imagine that the guns are coded to finger prints, so anyone could technically use an advent soldier's gun so long as they press that soldier's fingerprints against the handle/trigger first
Yeah, it was also hard to watch when every republican was depicted as a lovable everyman but every non-main-cast liberal character was some extreme left wing communist (thinking specifically of an episode involving Boyd's preschool teacher).

Oh man, I watched too much of that show
Yo can we talk about how bad that show was? I used to think it was decent, like just your average sitcom, but a month or 2 ago I saw a rerun of an episode where his oldest daughter refused to vaccinate her son, and her husband wanted to vaccinate him, and the episode ended on a "haha the wife always gets what she wants!!" note. I was so freaking mad, as far as I remember the kid doesn't end up getting vaccinated and everyone in the show is just kind of okay with it
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm replace that "N. L. S. S." *drivel* with something educational (say, Rickard and Mortholomew, perhaps), and the picture might contain more truth.
Also she literally only has her camera out in the open when she takes one of her pictures, when she's walking around she NEVER has her camera out
I've heard Austin get mad but I don't think I've ever heard him slam the desk haha
wow it's actually poetry

*edit:* the ghos of a haiku bot said it was a haiku I'm not just talking to myself
"When I click the left mouse button laughs come out" 

"From the chat?"

 "No, from me!"
Hey buddy don't let the ground hit you on the way down
It's all gold, keep that in mind

*edit:* oh except the visor, almost forgot
Son, you gay wtf?!
Wait people saying "add it to the lore" isn't just a joke? There's actually a well-fleshed-out wikia article?

I mean good god this thing is extensive
Sure, but that 20 year old car isn't getting released for the first time on Friday. I'm with you, considering what it is/when it was made/how it's being released, SF2 should be reviewed as if it came out in 95, but I don't think the car metaphor works here
*actually* made me so mad
I saw NL at Whole Foods in Vancouver yesterday. I told him how cool it was to meet him in person, but I didn’t want to be a douche and bother him and ask him why he plays PUBG with a controller.

He said, “Oh, like you’re doing now?”

I was taken aback, and all I could say was “Let's go?” but he kept cutting me off and going “Let's go? Let's go? Let's go?” and acquiescing his hand shut in front of my face. I walked away and continued with my shopping, and I heard him chuckle as I walked off. When I came to pay for my stuff up front I saw him trying to walk out the doors with like fifteen eggs in his hands without paying.

The girl at the counter was very nice about it and professional, and was like “Sir, you need to pay for those first.” At first he kept pretending to be tired and not acquiesce her, but eventually turned back around and brought them to the counter.

When she took one of the eggs and started scanning it multiple times, he stopped her and told her to scan them each individually “to prevent any electrical acquiscesence,” and then turned around and winked at me. I don’t even think that’s a word. After she scanned each egg and put them in a bag and started to say the price, he kept interrupting her by let's going really loudly.

Anyway, I never found out why he plays with a controller.
He's probably ok and I doubt that him not tweeting with the boys means anything, just something I noticed. From what I hear his XCOM WOTC stream is interesting and I'd be watching if the Jays game wasn't on
/me J O S H
ARE YOU ***F U C K I N G*** INSANE?
Yo I can't tell if this is a meme post or not but I've noticed that since the spit Malf hasn't interacted with any of team unity on twitter, even when Dan straight up @'d him (so far as I can tell Dan has acquiesced this tweet with the delete button [or I dreamt it, but I swear it was real]). He's replied to nek and sinny-V though, trouble in paradise?

I know it sounds creepy af but I just really want to see Malf on the NLSS again someday so I've been checking his tweets intermittently  
Watching on a second monitor and not paying attention isn't exactly a solution haha
He hip fires at distance and ADS's up close sometimes, it's the weirdest thing
[no](https://mysocalledtvblog.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/butters-urinal.jpg)
Why? I’m all for kneeling but at the end of the day thinking that kneeling disrespects the flag is a pretty valid belief. I don’t think it does but they are literally kneeling during a song about the flag, obviously people are going to have issues with that. 

I wish Matthews wasn’t one of those people, but he is and that’s fine. Moreso I wish reporters didn’t feel the need to ask a 20 year old kid who’s not even playing in America about the kneeling, but whatever that’s Toronto sports for ya
Mathas is Flowey no doubt
I don't doubt that it happened but am I supposed to be able to see the ball in this video?
It should, it charges my MBP with no problem
It was funny because of Ryan and Austin's cars, but I don't think the building aspect will hit those same highs again. They didn't get ~27 build slots until level 3, and as far as I could tell level 4 wasn't going to give more slots.

I can't find a guide for levels in this game (in fact when I search anything about this game I just get posts asking more questions), but if they're not going to be able to build their cars again until level 5 that's like half the segment just watching them trying to level up quickly
As you can clearly tell by the map
Family Feud has the opposite effect though, I think the last time they played it (months ago?) Ryan started reading the question out loud and then just letting the timer wind down because everyone stopped answering
Look I know we're memeing here and that's cool I hope you all have fun but I'm gonna be honest alright? I'd take the 294 copies of the Phantom Menace
To be fair it sounds like malfie didn't give much warning to his leaving, and this is the first time they were all on comms together to talk about it, but yeah i love malf so hopefully everything's cool between everyone.

I'd love to see MALF come on the NLSS again (or dare I say, steal a guest spot for a week in PUBG season 2?), but if he wants to focus on irl stuff more that makes sense

edit: Alright I will say Dan seemed maybe a little peeved at malf at the start of the episode, but overall whenever malf was brought up I think it was in good fun. Also wow what a good first episode
I believe this guy because it's such a sad thing to lie about
Huh, if you go through all 27 questions and answered "extreme disgust" to things like "you have to pick up your friend's dead cat with your bare hands," "you see an accident victim's exposed intestines," and "you accidentally touch a dead person's ashes," it tells you that you're republican for some reason.

It says it's based off of a study that says that republicans are more frequently disgusted by things? The questions were fun but that's a crock of bullcrap (no demonetization pls)
I'm sure he would have done some sidequests if he ran into them (not counting Moira, pretty much the only sidequest he found), but like he said he didn't even realize he was mainlining the game. I've never played a lot of FO3, but I assumed Little Lamplight was a sidequest because it just didn't feel like it fit in with the main story. The whole story was weak and incredibly disjointed imo, and the world was crazy empty.

I know this is a Fallout issue and not specifically a FO3 issue, but it would be nice if there was some way to actually pick up sidequests without having to exhaust every dialogue tree with every NPC in the hopes that they have something they want you to do. I've never loved the "floating yellow exclamation mark" approach to questing, but it's hard to deny that that's better than just talking aimlessly to every single character hoping they'll ask you to pick up some wiffleflowers for them. Though NL didn't have issues picking up quests in NV so I guess some of the blame is on him for not wanting to talk to everyone, but come on who wants to spend a total of like 4 hours just listening to NPCs ramble on.


Also imo the graphics shown in the FO4 VR trailer look too good to be on the Switch. Not to talk down to the Switch, but let's be honest the graphics are closer to last gen than to this gen
The X is ridiculously different from the 7, how are they stagnating? Sure the 8 looks like the 7, but the X is ridiculously different (at least as far as a yearly phone update is concerned), full screen on the front, no home button, faceID instead of touchID, oled display. You might not like the changes, but don't pretend that the X's changes don't exist and Apple is stagnating just because they made a cheaper 8 model that looks like the 7.
Wait really? I also watched the VOD and chat made fun of the dialogue but at no point did I think "wow chat doesn't like this game"
Personally the gun-play and graphics make FO4 better to me, but I can understand liking 3. Yeah if they're going to bring over a FO I'd prefer NV to 3, but I agree it's unlikely.

In a perfect world Obsidian is already working on their own new FO game on the new engine (the updated engine I mean, FO4 looks so much better than 3 and NV that it's hard to believe they're built in the same engine), and it'll come out on anything, but sadly that's probably not going to happen :/
I assume you meant Fallout 4, but please don't bring a (soon to be) 10 year old game to the Switch. I can just see them doing that with some slight visual updates and thinking it's a good idea, please don't bring last gen games to the switch
Just so everyone knows I’ve had the iOS 11 beta since it entered beta and I’ve tested this feature a few times. I absolutely did not auto call 911 or alert emergency contacts of my location. Mileage may vary of course (I’m in Canada, maybe different in the US), but I have not changed the default settings and I have not auto called 911 by pressing the button 5 times. Can also confirm that the phone requires your passcode after pressing it and will not accept a fingerprint until using the code then re-locking the phone. 
I know it's been 2 weeks but I can answer for you. I have the 15" 2016 MBP plugged into a 1920x1200 monitor and it doesn't get hot at all.

I mean it gets as warm as a laptop gets when it's doing laptop things, but if you're familiar with how warm the MBP gets when it's using it's dGPU to run games then it probably doesn't even get half that warm.
> it's great you had "good sex", but one thing that most women i feel tend to block out is just how close the female anus is to the vagina.
I mean, you talk nonchalantly about your sex life, the things you enjoyed and so on but the elephant in the room is that your anus is barely an inch away from your vagina, it's grotesque, horrifying, unsavory --- I believe that this realization should cloud any thought you might have about sex and you should just feel repulsion and shame instead...like you start off a thought with "ooh i remember that sex i had, it was so........" and then suddenly this thought invades your mind "i'm disgusted with myself, they're barely an inch away, i can't believe that poor guy had to deal with that close proximity, a hole from which i defecate is literally an inch away from my vagina -- his mouth was there, god, poor guy". Female anatomy is flawed.

comment taken from a thread in r/sex, this dude wasn't being sarcastic
if you press the power button 5 times in iOS 11 it puts the phone in SOS mode, then if you cancel back to the lockscreen the phone will only unlock with your passcode.


Looks like it could be decent for a mod, but honestly it doesn't really fit in with classic GTA elements (i.e. jacking cars and driving around a detailed map, as opposed to flying around a desolate sky box between 11 mostly barren planets). Either way I'm surprised this mod actually made it to release.

Also did it bug anyone else when the author wrote that the game can be "rightly likened to the Mass Effect we've always wanted."? That seems like a straight up stupid statement, considering this game, aside from being in space, looks absolutely nothing like a Mass Effect game
The Escapists was always half-buggy and is now a dead series and FO3 is just objectively a worse game than NV. I don't know, for me Egg always has an ongoing series I'm not a fan of (not counting Isaac which I no longer watch).

Like, I couldn't get into Dead Cells, then when he dropped that I couldn't get into KSP, then when he dropped that I couldn't really get into Escapists. Not liking a series doesn't mean his video quality has gone down, it just means you don't jive with that particular game. Ryan's commentary can only carry a series so far (i.e. Tumbleseed)
Now we just need to post this to r/northernlion in a week
It's more akin to blindfolding everyone in the theatre and telling them there's no fire as the whole building burns down
Reddit's always been kids, y'all think school from 9-3 is going to stop them from going on the internet at night?
Yeah during one of the shows Austin told Ryan to check the discord in between segments and Justin was suddenly on in seggers 2
He hasn't acquiesced into the call yet
So the joke is literally "I had sex with an old woman, she gave me a phone, the capslock button is stuck"?

I get that you can break most jokes down like this then they don't come off as funny, but I really don't see the appeal of this one am I missing more?
It's not like the new Pokemon is/will be the *only* game on the Switch, and they shouldn't feel like they have to make their game "worth" the total investment of the console. IMO there are already 4 games that are worth the investment of the console (MK8, BotW, Splatoon 2, and Mario+Rabbids), and by the time the new Pokemon game is out we'll have Odyssey and likely the new Metroid Prime game. If the only reason you have for buying a Switch is just to play the pokemon that's coming out in 1+ years then you probably shouldn't buy a Switch
oh, duh that makes a lot of sense
I'm gonna be honest, as someone who's owned an Apple Watch since they were released viewing images via texts is actual garbage. I mean there's nothing they could do to make it better, the pictures are just way too small to see any detail whatsoever
AKA every tuesday stream
Hm interesting, I'll give that a try!
Do the tests on the MBP include the new firmware update that fixes the H2D issue? As far as I know no one has found (or posted about finding) the proper thunderbolt drivers to install the firmware update, but I assume the results will be substantially better once we can install it properly
Oh no I just assumed, as far as I know all (most?) eGPUs should totally work in macos! I haven't set mine up for it yet, but [this](https://9to5mac.com/2017/01/18/hands-on-akitio-node-egpu-tubro-charge-apple-2016-macbook-pro-thunderbolt-3-video/) and [this](https://9to5mac.com/2017/04/19/akitio-node-gtx-1080-ti-gpu-macbook-pro-gaming-egpu/) tell me it should work!

Apple actually recently released an eGPU box to developers, so expect even better support in the future (afaik they will for sure be supporting eGPUs with AMD cards in the future, whether they'll be supporting Nvidia cards is still unknown).
I have the 2016 15" model and just got into the whole eGPU community myself.

From what I hear the [Akitio Node](https://www.akitio.com/expansion/node) should be your safest bet if you want to choose a specific graphics card/plan on upgrading your card in the future (though the price may be a turn off, it's $300 in the US and $400 in Canada, and it doesn't come with a card). Depending on the power of the card you want to buy you'd probably end up around $600 American or $800 Canadian.

I just bought an [Aorus Gaming Box](https://www.gigabyte.com/Graphics-Card/GV-N1070IXEB-8GD) myself, $600 American and $800 Canadian. It's expensive but the upside is the mini Nvidia GTX 1070 that it comes with pre-installed (if you're interested, the mini 1070 is relatively similar to the regular 1070 in terms of FPS, I'm getting about 90 FPS in Fallout 4 on Ultra at 1920x1200). There were some hiccups with my setup (Boot Camp can be unruly at times), but I seem to have it running stably now.

It's not a cheap endeavor, but if you want a gaming PC *and* a MBP in one and you're willing to jump through some hoops it's pretty cool! Lemme know if you have any Qs, I'll be more knowledgeable about the Aorus setup but I can probably point you in the right direction if you're interested in a different setup! 
114 likes
The entire joke is based on something that doesn't even exist, judging by the comments here no one knows what 'staples smell' even is. It's like he made a comic based around something that literally only he can enjoy, which is fine but since it's adam I assume this is on his social media or buzzfeed or something
Hmm, yeah I was thinking about running through a mini DP as well, considering the gaming box has 3 USB ports on it anyway. What do you mean by losing graphical fidelity? Like how much worse would the card perform if i has the monitor plugged directly into the laptop?
I guess he just liked Poseidon then? I mean if you get a tattoo of something that means you like it, right? If just liking something is a good enough reason to get a tattoo then we already know the story, he liked it so he got it. 
'Fartboy' wasn't the GDT diss, him saying that all you have to do is name a game, adjust some sliders, and get the reviews is. Not that this game looked all that different when it boils down to it, there are a few more moving parts but in the end all you're doing is clicking some boxes and waiting for your company to get bigger
Idk it’s the same post I was just wondering
why did you delete and post this again
i didnt for this
[click at your own risk, my dude](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=knot)
"You should stop calling them Nazis, they're not Nazis! Calling them Nazis just pushes us further right!"

If seeing the entire world call your peers Nazis makes you even *more* right wing then I don't know what to say
Wait hold up I'm missing something, you posted a pic of your UBs with katakanas 15 days ago. Was I way off or
Alright I'll bite, what is "the point of these shoes"? That's gotta be the dumbest thing I've ever heard, they're god damn shoes the point is to be on your feet, not every shoe is a statement (especially [no offense OP] one of the easier UBs to cop)
These laces first popped up on the sub about 4 months ago, and since then there have only been 19 posts with the name "Katakana" in the title, yet somehow (and within the last 10-20 days) people have suddenly started calling them meme laces and every comment is about how ugly and overdone they are.

The way I see it the negativity is the meme, not the laces. I don't know how in the world they became ugly and a meme when just a month ago everyone thought they were fire, but whatever, imo the people spamming "meme laces" comments every time they see them are the real meme

also shoutout to the dude below who said they're "some 2012 shit" when they didn't even pop up until 4 months ago, props dude that's a hot take right there
Not great, but almost completely because of the third seggers. Millionaire's never been a fun watch (to me, other's mileage may vary), but it goes from boring to bad when there's no good banter and when no one is paying attention to the questions. Hopefully this outs Millionaire as a bad nlss game, but since it's been around for years it'll probably continue to be around
I agree with Neme's adpocalypse theory, but also what would they play? I'm sure they'll bring a ToS back at some point, but they haven't really played any new games since For Honor that would work in a small tournament format (thought custom 1v1 PUBG matches would be both extremely stupid and funny, I'd be down)
Any chance you replaced Dan with Rob/Malf/Nek by mistake? I know in an UCH ep NL raps the first verse of It Was a Good Day by Ice Cube and they bought it for a minute
wait what was the original?

Who exactly did we buy? Please don’t say Aoki or Ref, they’re both bench players
I mean when it's said like that it sounds simple, sure, but you can't just boil down movies like that. All movies start as some shitty r/writingprompt post, it's the potential underneath that's interesting. Who cares if they're going to die or not, for a movie like this it's *how* they die or not that's interesting, not the actual outcome.

They either get the ring to Mordor or they don't. He either breaks out or he doesn't. *They either die or they don't.*

As with almost all movies it's the journey not the destination, you can see an ending coming from a mile away, it can be obvious from the first scene, but it's the story that's important.
He's playing FO3 starting this Sunday, a few weeks ago he said it was up next for the sub stream after Until Dawn. Everything in your list is from sub streams though, he doesn't play story driven games for youtube, he just streams them and uploads them later, so I wouldn't expect him to play more story driven stuff aside from the sub streams
> *Austin's* playthrough of RE7 is top notch

though nek's is good too
My opinion is that this sub gets 2 of these posts a day 
Might be wrong but since he’s streaming from the PS4 (then from the switch) he doesn’t actually have access to his pc and therefore the subs. Sucks but he wasn’t trying to shaft anyone
Spore isn't awful by any stretch. Disappointing? For sure, but it's not a *bad* game

Anyway, next sub game is FO3 afaik, unless ryab changes his mind
A big problem with the game (for me at least) is that the jokes are only funny once. I get that adding different punchline cards to different set ups can change the humour, but cards like "tongue-punch her fart-box" or "a sad fat lonely dragon" are only funny to me once, and from then on i just awkwardly smile instead of laugh.

Actually, that right there is why I don't like the game anymore. Like 80% of the jokes leave me just politely smiling and feeling uncomfortable because I don't really find them funny, this gets twice as awkward when I'm the person trying to pick which answer was funniest, when none of them were
buck reference or not it's certainly obvious that Stroman really can't help himself
I don't know if liking a tweet is openly snarky
Come on though, at 10-4 in the bottom of the ninth it’s totally understandable to leave and beat some traffic. That said I stayed until the end of the 19-1 game a few weeks ago, but at that point losing like that was a spectacle in its own right
Don't pretend that being the 3rd highest post on the sub is any astonishing feat, this post has less than 400 upvotes. 

Besides, this video (while shittalking FO4) does bring points to the table that I'd never heard before, like the size of the dev team and the lack of any credited writers. Just because you know something doesn't mean everyone else knows it too.
he has the controller prompts because he's too lazy to actually unplug his controller, he uses m+kb
God has RESIGNED!!! 😂😂😂
Thank you, I was trying to figure out how to type something like this but the words just weren’t coming. 

Most of the traits he mentioned don’t make him sound “easy to work with” (i.e. a presidential schedule would make recording lines very difficult), and the only relationships he seems to build are extremely one-sided and toxic 
I want it!
Malf can I ask you something? Is she just dumb?
Just heads up, if you're expecting him to pay attention to/care about any story in any of his sub streams you're going to get frustrated. He skips dialogue and doesn't really follow the story in most games.

Personally I like it, it lets him shoot the shit with chat and use the game as more of a playground than a story-telling experience, which imo is better for viewing
[because it's the same high tech suit that Tony offers Peter at the end of Homecoming](/spoiler)
*gratatatataaaa* **HYOOOOOOOONK**
Oh is this not a "now check the first letter of every sentence" post? 

This has to be the lamest, most pathetic post I've ever seen. Hopefully their 'shitty modding' convinces you to leave, the faster you leave this community the better. 
I GAINED A LOT OF RESPECT FOR NL TODAY
Like chat was mentioning, Nek plays other games in the background pretty frequently and no one takes offence, but idk if i was him and most of my game suggestions get shot down and i finally get a game i want to play on the show I'd be upset if it was only given a fair shake for the first 10 minutes

If he's even actually upset, idk if he held a little one on one with chat after the show but if not this all seems a bit presumptuous to me
He’s using Babe’s stats from a season or two after he stopped pitching, so I guess the game interprets that as him being a terrible pitcher
The problem is to do any of those interesting things NL would either have to follow a tutorial perfectly (1. he wouldn't follow it perfectly and 2. it would be incredibly boring to watch him follow a tutorial) or he would have to privately spend hours studying and understanding the mechanics of the game
Yeah, if other big-ish Youtubers are getting 100k-150k views per day on one video, NL is getting ~200k views per day because of the amount of content he puts out
I feel like more people would understand your side if you just plead your case calmly instead of trying to insult anyone who likes the idea of an automated strikezone. Saying stuff like 'DA FUTURE', 'Go jerk it to /r/futurology', 'hopeless progressive types', 'This trash generation of fans,' and 'Fuck this generation of fans' not only hurts you, but it hurts your entire side. I mean you said all of this stuff just in this thread, all within an hour!

Nobody wants to take the side of the asshole 
Haha man I’m sorry to tell you but aside from me saying no one is calling it boring you’re the only person in this thread that’s mentioned pitch framing
For this one I disagree, but for yesterday’s “top 25 hitters of all time” team I think it would have been way more interesting to have given them some actual pitchers (no, the Babe pitching didn’t count, the data that was used came from 2 seasons after he stopped pitching). I like these little simulations, but when every single one ends with “anyway the team went 2-160 because I didn’t give them a pitcher” it gets really tired
Yep definitely the same thing as 100% consistent strike zones. The ump isn’t playing, they shouldn’t be able to completely change the outcome of a game because they’re calling a bad zone 
No one is saying pitch framing isn’t interesting, just that not seeing games literally ruined by a shitty ump is better than seeing a gold glove catcher fool an ump into calling a borderline a strike a couple times per game. 

Personally I’m waiting for some solid AR technology, get a strike zone indicator in the home plate ump’s glasses so he can see what *should* be a strike, but he can still decide whether or not to call it a ball or a strike
What in the world are you talking about? I mean I don’t mean to insult, but I’ve been watching the jays for years and I’ve literally never heard of this person. 

Actually maybe that helps, I’m a big jays fan and I have absolutely no idea who that is

Edit: apparently he was the dugout reporter from 81 to 96, so I’d say having a less-than-morally perfect reporter over 20 years ago probably shouldn’t even cross your mind when rooting for a team
Sadly much of southwestern Ontario will be covered in thunderstorms/clouds tonight (at least where I am), hopefully it clears up a bit!
Honestly his thread was doomed the moment you outted yourself as believing that W/L is an important pitching stat. True or not (I don't it's important but there's definitely a bit of merit to how many games a pitcher wins/loses) this sub and all of r/baseball is vehemently against pitcher's W/L records
This might not be a majority opinion but for me the dead cells episodes were never really fun to watch. Don't get me wrong, the game's great and I put about 20 hours into it because of the acclaim the NLSS guys gave it, but it's just such a mechanically driven game that watching NL play it isn't nearly as fun as just playing it myself
Maybe even post-college, since the devs say he's 23 in the game. Although Peter is definitely a masters/post-grad kinda guy
Do you by chance have any examples? I mean, if you can name like 3 separate things that he said about New York that are objectively not true, 3 things that are just absolutely impossible to have happened to any New Yorker other than Rob I'll believe you. 

I mean it should be easy right? Considering you said 90% of the things he says about NYC are bullshit, it should take like 2 seconds to find these examples
I’m surprised they’re going with “zero compromise” when they only have a 3.5 hour battery life. My job involves landscaping for 4ish hours before and after my lunch break and the 5 hour battery life on my AirPods infrequently inconveniences me, I can’t even imagine how often these things dying would annoy me. 
**WE'RE** ^(extremely temporarily) **NOT 5TH IN THE AL EAST**
[you're confused](http://i.imgur.com/YFuQj5X.png)
haha wonder what's up his pants, everything you've commented today is like 100% not offensive
It's usually pretty funny hearing the players swear on tv but I feel like Tulo screams the f word after every single strikeout it's getting kinda tired
Imo the problem isn’t whether or not he’s right, it’s that he said it. Bottom third in defence, worse in defence, they might as well be the same thing—having garbage defence is bad. 

The issue is that every time a rebuild or a retooling question comes up Shapiro says that they want to push for a playoff spot and that they can’t trade away very valuable assets, yet here he’s saying that the team has the worst defence in the mlb. If that’s true then it’s time to give up on the playoffs this year, there is absolutely no chance that the jays can acquire enough good players before the deadline to go from worst defence in the mlb to playoff caliber defence without 100% royally destroying our somewhat weak farm system. We saw AA do it in 2015 and it set up a good couple years, but teams can’t destroy their farm system every couple years for a 1-2 season push. 

Not that I agree that we’re the worst defensive team (as you showed, the stats deny that claim). I will agree that we’re the most disappointing defensive team though, because in theory we should be a top 10 team in defence, probably in offence too. 
no facecam so might not have been on stream
If you’re just going to keep saying the same thing no matter what he says then why are you replying?

In fact, I’m starting to think you’re trying to pump up *your* account! Hear me out, you’ve replied 3 times in this thread! Who posts on their reddit account *3* times?? I’m just saying pretty fishy...

That’s how you sound
nek wins every round imo, his cloudy day art style is so soothing
You know both Notch and PewDiePie weren’t born billionaires right? I mean come on at least keep your complaints relevant, these guys were middle class until their mid twenties I’m sure they know that cancer is a bad time 

Edit: If anyone’s interested, the dude who deleted his comment above me essentially said that Notch and PewDiePie don’t understand poor people’s problems. Probably true to an extent, but he then went into a sizeable example of a woman with cancer working at Walmart who is scared of being fired because she’s too sick to go to work the day after her chemotherapy, and she asks herself “wait, how will I afford my treatments?”

I fail to see how two people who were, at best, middle class for most of their lives would be “too rich” to understand that the above situation is bad, I’ve never read a more deaf argument in my life
As if being the starting first baseman in an all star game doesn’t already put him in .1% of the population

Hell, playing baseball above AA probably puts him in .1%
I can’t believe “TIL two separate milk companies merged to become one large milk company in the early 1900s” hit my r/all frontpage. I’ve truthfully never seen a more mundane TIL in my life
Other people are saying it’s normal but my 15” 2016 doesn’t get hot unless it’s running a relatively intense program (final cut, photoshop, any game). I wouldn’t be worried about it, but if the getting really hot I would think about taking it in to get it looked at (might as well do it now while it’s still under warranty!)
Dude posts in r/dankmemes and r/jontron but calls r/nlsscirclejerk a shitty meme sub, he doesn't deserve our egg
***\\\\\\\\\~~GOLD~~////***
I had the same thought until [Mathas slammed down the truth](https://www.reddit.com/r/northernlion/comments/6gglii/friday_the_13th_ep_1_malf_is_jason/diqev81/?context=10000)
Depends how people react I guess, but I took an American Gothic Horror literature course last year in uni, and a lot of white characters called black women negresses and compared them to jungle animals in the same sentences
Negress as in the super racist word for a black woman?
Alright cool, and I explained my thoughts on it!
Wow I know you titled them all "____ On a Cloudy Day," but I didn't notice just how 'cloudy' all of your pics are. They legit look soft and faded, that's really cool!
Maybe not Rivera, but Osuna is better than 95% of those 1000's of relievers
If somebody isn’t willing to redownload/reinstall the 30gb game for an ET then surely they shouldn’t be complaining about it, right? Like if you’re unwilling to have the game installed then you probably shouldn’t care about getting a cosmetic suit, since you’re just going to uninstall the game after the ET anyway. 

I sympathize for people who don’t have a free day for an entire week, I’ve been there, but at the same time I haven’t. I get being busy, but if you’re someone who literally can’t take 40 minutes off to play the ET for an entire week then do you really care about the ET? Like I get that it’s possible to literally not have a spare minute, but if you say you literally can’t make time for it but you sit down and watch the game/go on reddit/do literally anything recreational then surprise, you *do* have time to play it, you’d just rather do something else. 

I do agree that ETs should be repeatable though, I don’t care so much about the suit (maybe make it so if you fail once you don’t get the suit) but it’d be nice to keep trying to beat them after you fail. 
Someone should edit Egg's face on Leonardo DiCaprio's body during that bear fight scene in The Revenant, just to show how ridiculous that claim is
I dig this post, but also I agree, happy MALF is usually the best part of the crew, but salty MALF is almost always low-tier
Not to mention how untrue everything else that you just said is, that winning Indians team is *absolutely* the team they built. They were there in 2015, and the team made it to the World Series in 2016, you think one off season is enough time to erase the previous GM’s presence? Considering how many people (including myself to a degree) would still consider the 2017 Jays to be partly AA’s team, that’s a ridiculous position to take
I just got a Switch yesterday! Yeah both sides have a bumper and a trigger. Also if you pop the joycons off for multiplayer, two shoulder buttons are hidden on the interior of the controller (honestly it’s a bit hard to describe, I was very surprised when I noticed yesterday, you might want to look it up)
You should have added the specific options that NL actually mentioned he wants to do (Rimworld [my personal choice], Oxygen Not Required, KSP), because running a rotation of sandbox games sounds like a ton of effort on his end

Probably, since he didn’t bring it up. It would have been the perfect time to officially axe it, but oh well. Live by the egg, die by the egg
I've never noticed but is this sub super racist or something? No one is going to believe that there's a secret black city that's hundreds of years ahead of the rest of the world because of a Marvel movie, like are you serious this is blowing my mind that you would think that
Oh I never thought of it but is that so they get a bit more viewership? If so that's pretty solid of him
Is Ryan just not uploading or?
Oh look, it’s the same 5 haircuts that have been in “top 5 summer hairstyle” lists for the last 4 years

I get it, they’re *still* in, do we really need to read about them again?
It’s the makeup’s fault waaaay more than the haircut’s fault. That haircut is actually somewhat in style, and it looks how it’s supposed to look. 

It looks like she smeared a bunch of blush all over the sides of her face, she looks like one of those creepy porcelain dolls every girl had in like 1920
I didn’t know, so thanks for the post
I think it *looks* great, and if they left it like this I'd be cool with it. My problem is that I *know* I'm in the messages app, I don't need the top sixth of my screen to yell that information at me
Wait, Austin lives in an apartment but also has roommates (one of which has a dog)? I just always assumed they all rented a house or something
LionNice GOT TWO LionNice

(u got me 2)
Other than just wanting to be right, what makes you say that? Almost every round someone says "Oh, this one again"
Where was nek?
Enemy damage in this game can be incredibly frustrating at times, I'm hoping the patch this week fixes certain damage values (looking at you, basic green zombie that one-shot me in the Promenade), but I don't think the devs have mentioned changing them
Whatever little respect the guys had for Barry is completely non-existent for Arash, I feel. I still haven't seen a decent interview come out of Arash, his questions are awkward and he often asks the same question twice, just reworded 
And people wonder why baseball is struggling to market it's superstars, people like Zaun constantly trying to stifle young talent and "keep them in line" is exactly what's wrong with the MLB. 

You want more viewers? More fans? More money? Let the players be excited and don't cry when they are. 
Remember yesterday when Zaun loved that Harper charged the mound, and a few weeks ago when Zaun hated the idea of Biagini being used as a starter? Dude needs to pick an opinion and stick with it, he flipped on those and he'll flop on more. 


he gonna be layin on the floor after tonight's game
I get like 12 hours with Chrome open almost the entire time. Can anyone explain why the battery length seems to vary so much? Because I've never had a charge last less than 10 hours, but I constantly see people complaining about 5-6 hour battery life
I'm surprised no one else has said this, but doesn't this 100% seem like a joke to anyone else? As someone who longboards, I really, really don't think anyone actually thinks this
Haha, how does this pertain to people at all? It's clever (I guess?) but I'm not a pencil, doing work doesn't make me look stupid and not doing work doesn't make me look smart
People who use date rape drugs are already taking a huge risk (they bought the drug and snuck it into the girl's drink), why would the <1% chance of the girl pulling out this straw deter them at all? If someone's stupid enough to go to the lengths of drugging a girl at a bar I doubt the tiny chance of someone pulling out this straw will stop them. 

That said I mean it's a good idea and a good step forward, if costs can be kept down and the straws actually become common then that's great! The problem also is that you hear stories about inventions like this all the time, but when have you ever seen or heard of one actually being used in the wild?
Can we put "NL has won __ PUBG games" on the header/sidebar? This gets asked like once a day
that episode was ***G O L D***
It's a tough game and it's supposed to be a tough game, but I'm with you, I don't want to instantly die from 200+ health because a bat snuck up on me, or because the only way forward involves dropping down onto a platform with 2 suicide bats and some ground enemies. That's the trouble with procedural generation, every once in a while you're absolutely screwed if you haven't found the exact right items or taken every upgrade as health.

I'm also not a fan of the "just play perfectly" argument. I get it, but I don't want to have to play a game with 0 errors to have a chance at winning, especially if that game takes over 30 minutes to beat. That's way too much to ask for. I really want to emphasize how good this game is though, I don't want the devs to think I'm trashing it, if they add as much content as they say they will by release, this is legit a game of the year contender for me.
I'm at 11 hours so far and every time I end a play session it's because I got one-shotted by one of the suicide bats in the sewers or I take accumulated damage from 3 enemies at once. I'm not saying damage was unavoidable in these instances, but I legitimately have to turn the game off when I die to stuff like this, it rubs me the wrong way.

It's a great game as a whole, but I hate spending 15-20 minutes on a run just to see it go up in flames because I didn't take an electric whip or some throwing knives (which are imo the only way to safely fight the suicide bats).

Adding some iframes would be a simple way to solve this, or maybe just fine tuning some enemy damage values so the player can't get one-shot if they have like 200+ health or something. Obviously if you skip every health up in lieu for damage ups you deserve to get pounded by the time you get to the Fjord, but getting one-shotted in the potential second area just seems cruel.

Damage like this is the reason I play the game overly-cautious and always take horizontal turrets, throwing knives, and biter swarms if I see them. It's a great game, but I'm getting a bit tired of skipping level V grenades so I can keep my level I turret and just throwing it at an enemy and letting it do all the work because I don't want to instantly lose my entire run from one missed dodge.
Yeah it's trash that he blamed technical difficulties (what could have possibly gone wrong reddit is the most basic website I've ever seen) then just dropped off the map and didn't show up in the make-up thread. Like considering this sub is/is one of the biggest online jays communities, we're LITERALLY the only audience for his podcast and he snubbed us hard. 

I didn't care much about his podcast initially, but now idgaf about anything he does
Considering every pitcher tonight other than Aaron Loup was plucked from our AAA team recently I'd say they have more than pitch selection to work on
Please. Twitch's player doesn't work with my internet (rural satellite internet), so I have to depend on YouTube uploads when I'm home from uni for the summer. That said I know his YouTube account is already 5x busier than most youtubers, so if he doesn't want to upload them I get it
yeesh this comment is insufferable 
That's why you don't see it though, America is still largely Christian (at least largely religious). This guy probably lives in the Bible Belt and is constantly surrounded by people telling him he's wrong for not believing in anything, so he lashed out online
During the last series at home against Tampa the guy literally right behind me yelled "HEY GET THAT MISTER MYSTERIA LANE GUY OUT! EEEEEEVVVVVVVAAAAAAAAAAAA!" at the top of his lungs every single time Longoria came up 

Just kidding that was the worst experience I've ever had at a ball game, he just screamed stuff like that all night, essentially right into my ear
you should probably watch game 7 i guess
"Manfred obviously doesn't understand the concept of eye for an eye in baseball,"

No, he understands how stupid and dangerous it is and he's trying to discourage it
I'm not a sub but can someone list the options?


The only reason I watch in theatre mode and not fullscreen is so I can see what meaningless thing chat is overreacting about.

It's trash, but it's *my* trash
We literally *need* Donny and Tulo back, but we need them back for the season, not for the next home stand. If either of them needs to take another series or two off to be good for the rest of the summer then by all means do it
The game's good and the commentary is good but I've seen literally everything that Isaac has to offer. He still gets good numbers on it, good enough to put out 2 episodes daily, but for me I can hardly stomach watching it anymore. On the NLSS it's different because of the group dynamic, but still I usually just tab to something else until the second segment starts
Everyone in the crew gets shit from threads and comments, nice or not it's part of being a public entertainer
Unless I'm way off, I think K8 looted a body that was somewhat out in the open, but NL stayed back. K8 got shot up and chat said she shouldn't have gone out while there still could have been other teams/the dead dude's teammate around and she didn't take kindly to being told she did the wrong thing.

The whole thing's dumb imo, if you're a viewer who cares if someone makes a subpar play, if you're a player who cares if chat thinks you made a subpar play, oh well
Dan was ****FIRE EMOJI**** through this whole thing
"I see some of my Community people huffing and puffing and I think they are miserable, WHY ?????"

Why? Because your fat ass can't handle 2 minutes of straight exercise and thinks everyone else must struggle the same way, because god forbid you're actually just fat and lazy
I'd say in general if someone's cheating they're being toxic
Surprise, Zaun thinks more pitchers should intentionally throw at batters
"LET'S GET THIS TO THE R/ALL"

"PEOPLE ON R/ALL ARE BRIGADING OUR POSTS"

No, you forced your shitty post to the front page with vote manipulation and the other 95% of the site doesn't want to see your bullshit
Martin is playing 3rd tonight
break me off a piece of this kit kat bar
I might be wrong, but it seems like Stro was saying this twitter guy's opinion is irrelevant. Just the way he said "appreciate your support *though*," I don't think he's throwing Zaun under the bus
Whatever it is I hope he starts uploading them to YouTube again. Because of my awful internet I can't watch anything (including VODs) on twitch, but YouTube loads!

To answer, a lot of his sub streams have been long, immersive RPGs, so maybe something a bit shorter/lighter? Maybe he can see if he can get Bioshock working again, I remember he had trouble with it right after the remaster, but those problems should be resolved by now.
Not shenanigans, a lot people just don't vote on reddit
Have a storage room's space increase by 5, a depot's by 10, and a storage room's by 15 for every dweller that's assigned to it. They can animate the dwellers constantly moving boxes to and from places that we can't see from our point of view. The idea can be that each dweller is making the room more efficient by stacking certain things in certain areas, allowing for a little extra space.
Ovie didn't hit him, watch Niskies stick next time you watch the replay, not Ovie's
haha come on, *everyone* was saying he didn't get slashed
yo Ovie didn't slash him but Niskanen 100% did. Kadri played it up but that wasn't a dive
oh please, he didn't try to take his knee, watch it again ovie tries to pull out of getting hit and gets into an awkward collision
"continued chanting" too, as if they were *already* chanting it before the hit for some reason
I found that a lot in the factorio series when he said the other people weren't listening to him after he asked a question while the others were already talking about how to build a track/train, then got mad because they didn't reply. 

I've been there too, when a couple things happen (like not getting a response/feeling like you're being talked over) it can get really discouraging really fast. Beyond discouraging, it can feel like the others don't want you there, which is a really dark thought process when those people are your closest friends.

That said, when this happens to me it's all in my head, and obviously the other guys want him there. And like you said, it's too bad the 10% of chat that complain about him are often 100% of the chat that he reads. 
He seems really focused on the switch's rumble for some reason. Is "HD Rumble" actually some super-enhanced rumble function (what would that even be?) or is he kindof talking it up?

Of all things it's just so weird to me that the Switch's rumble would be a developer's favourite new feature
bad AB, worse call. The pitcher just loaded the bases and all of a sudden he deserves to get a call like that? 
Holy shit dude I wish Stro was getting those calls
Awh come on, it's one thing to have the intentional walk sign, but imo you shouldn't be able to flash it in the middle of an at-bat. Either walk him at the start or deal with the consequences
Ours or theirs? I'd say overall our bullpen has been good, if not great. What've they let in, like 4ish runs over like 18 innings pitched? That's a drastic improvement over what they were pulling last year
Can't blame Gibby, it was a smart play to turn every bag into a force-out, can't blame Lawrence either he pitched pretty well (especially for being thrown into the fire like that). 

Idk, blame the offence I guess? They were against Archer, but they had more than enough innings against the Rays' bullpen to get something done
I love this series but Ryan I'm begging you, please pick a time to upload your vid then upload it at that time consistently. Today is probably about the third time I've set aside some time and gone to your channel to watch your viewpoint and it hasn't been uploaded yet, my heart melts every single time
In case it wasn't obvious, the link was to [this tweet](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/373743492151136256?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw&ref_url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lbc.co.uk%2Fpolitics%2Fus-election%2Fdonald-trump%2Fdonald-trumps-tweets-against-intervention-in-syria%2F) that the president made in 2013, warning that America taking military action in Syria could be the cause of WW3.
Actually yeah, [ironically Trump made this tweet about 6 days before the US decided to intervene in Syria after gas attacks in 2013, and 10 days before that intervention was averted.](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/373743492151136256?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw&ref_url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.lbc.co.uk%2Fpolitics%2Fus-election%2Fdonald-trump%2Fdonald-trumps-tweets-against-intervention-in-syria%2F)
So you're telling me that **you** have the graciousness to share your pop with a friend, and *they* have the audacity to tell **you** to sip your friends before you hand them their free beverage? That don't sit right 
Maybe I'm missing why it's bad that small-time sports sites aren't wasting half their budgets on sending cameramen to every game? I mean imo they could probably slide those requests into the dms, but other than that I don't understand the problem with news sites sharing their footage.
Ok, so what, you think the entire field--or rather, every single scientific field in the world--should just be called "science"?

Yeah in my head my main point was that since he cries hacks every time he loses no one trusts him anymore, but what I wrote accidentally came off meaner haha
I'd really like my beret back please
It's pretty misleading, by "entire genre" he meant "literally two flash games and two non-flash games." The two series are Upgrade Complete and Evoland if you're interested. 

As far as I know those the the only games like that, personally I wouldn't even consider anything a sub-genre unless it has like 20 similar games, but whatever
maybe you should get someone to ban you from r/watchpeopledie instead, that's messed right up mister
lol, dan promoting nl
I get 60 fps in small rooms, but every time I entered a large room it dropped to 30 with no fluctuation. I turned off v-sync and it totally fixed it, but it still randomly drops to an even 30 with no fluctuation when seemingly simple smoke effects show up.

I don't have a gaming rig or anything, but my laptop runs Fallout 4 on high, so I certainly didn't expect any hiccups for a game like this. I don't know what's causing the performance issues, but I hope they fix it soon
You have to factor in that even if he didn't fit in with the Jays clubhouse (which I don't think there's definite evidence for or against), the team makeup is different now
I can't believe I made it through as much of that as I did.

^12 ^seconds ^btw, ^I ^dare ^someone ^to ^beat ^that
It's all excuses, the frame rate dropping hard in any scenario shouldn't be accepted.
You wouldn't be mad if some bar started using your trademarked images to sell beer to drunk dudes? Nintendo would be 100000% in the right to shut this place down if they wanted to.
Everyone wants deserved batflips. You need to make sure it's out of the park if you're gonna toss the bat like that
Because he was still mad about the ALDS flip and he probably didn't think he'd actually get a chance to throw a punch.

Seriously go watch the clip, it was--if anything--a shockingly bad throw
small enough to package with the season card I guess. I'd rather get that than something they sell in the team shop honestly
Like you put a card in it with your contact info, so if you lose your bag a nice stranger can pick through your things then send it back. 

At least that's what I assume, I don't think you're supposed to put your season ticket in it.
I like how intentionally quickly the guy spun the camera around the car in the 30 fps version. The actual different between 30 and 60 fps is drastic enough, why cheat it by throwing the camera around on the 30 fps side, but slowly spinning it for the 60 fps side?
I'm confused, I haven't really been following US politics (since I live north of the border). Is there an actual bill called "World's Greatest Healthcare Plan of 2017," or is that just something he described it as/or is it just another thing altogether? I'm having trouble finding what it actually is since everyone's confused by this article.
Wow when egg ski'd out of the nug that's when this shit got G U C C I
This is just a guess, but yeah I think every reviewer so far has a soft spot for Zelda. You figure these are 20-mid 30 year olds who grew up on video games, all of which have almost definitely played through at least one Zelda game.

Also you can throw in the fact that each of these companies probably has a Zelda super-fan who's been begging to write the review for BotW for over a year, so a lot of these reviews are probably coming straight from the heart of someone who's loved Zelda all their life.
Maybe, but the political stuff is why my friends and I have started watching again. Maybe they're sick of writing it, or they think that we're sick of watching it, but I seriously hope they get back to it next week
I kept thinking that he looks exactly how I want to look in 10 years.

*oh no*
Aside from the good opening skit and the obvious jabs during Weekend Update did they do *anything* political this week? Them mostly staying away from politics (i.e. no Trump or Spicer skits) felt like a huge letdown, especially since they've had two weeks off and crazy hasn't stopped pouring out of the white house. 

There's been a lot of potential over the last two weeks but they hardly used any of it.
No kidding. 

I don't see how "but the towers don't show map points so they're completely different and better" is--not only a 'good' argument--but the consensus here
I think he gets that, it's just that it was *just* in that huge mega-bundle a couple weeks ago. It's a great game and it's great that more people will get to play it, but for anyone that bought the Freedom Bundle it's a bit too soon to see it again.
[It's actually 50%](http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/03/01/517920680/dna-tests-find-subway-chicken-only-50-percent-meat-canadian-media-reports), and since the other 50% is soy it really isn't that bad.
10/10 nl impression
Jesus, did you slow-clap for him right after you typed this? This might be the most pretentious comment I've seen all week.
Anyone have any ideas about what was up with the crazy graphic glitches?
Judging by this completely fair sample size, I must be MALF's biggest fan
I need help with the faces in the first four seconds. I see Baer, Malf, and Rob, but who are dugtrio, the thinking earring-man, and the ~~blue towel dude~~? I swear I've watched the NLSS for years, but these are some jacked up pictures dude

edit: wtf blue towel dude is NL 
I think I would literally die if every time they played Isaac on the show they actually talked about Isaac. I have 350 hours in the game, and probably another 350 just watching NL play it, I can't think of a more boring subject of conversation than The Binding of Isaac
What a bad site design. It didn't actually show the t-shirt in the linked article, so I had to open another article (of course, on the same site so they got twice as many page views), and both pages had an auto-play video at the top. This won't really upset most people, but living in a rural area with a connection that tops out at 1MB/s on a good day, sites that auto-play their videos really piss me off

Dan's laugh doesn't doesn't belong on a list with those normie laughs
I felt nothing when I got it a few days ago. I understand that the point was to keep people playing for a month straight, but honestly it just absolutely drained me. It felt like a slog to open the game for no other reason than "because I had to." I would launch the daily, off myself on the nearest fire or spike, then close the game.

Dedication didn't get me to play the game, in fact it might have had the opposite effect. I haven't actually opened the game since I unlocked the achievement a few days ago and honestly I have no desire to play it again in the near future. This achievement made Isaac go from a daily must-play to something that I just don't care very much about anymore, and I'm genuinely saddened by that.
Because it makes it feel "less-than." Even though you know and I know that a modded streak is just as good as a vanilla streak, the game doesn't, and that cheapens it for me.
They essentially made an achievement for killing yourself on the first enemy you see once every day for 31 days, it's the stupidest thing.

There's no way they thought that the majority of players would actually *play* every daily, right?
I've watched streamers play the game for 3 hours and not once actually finish a full game before getting D/C'd. I can't say whether you're lucky or they're unlucky, but certainly there are people having some intense server issues.
Couldn't these games have multiple graphics options like PC games? So the Xbox One gets Low, Xbox S gets Medium, and the Scorpio gets ultra. That way devs can use the full power of the Scorpio system, then just kind of turn down the graphics to make it run on everything else
"What the fuck? Are you trying to... ejaculate or something? What the fuck!?" 

In case ya'll have trouble making Kate out in the background
I thought the first one was fine, but I also thought the joke was dead by the end of the film. They'll have to change something to make this sequel fresh, but I'm worried they'll just put out essentially the same film because the first one turned into a memey internet hit.

I'm in my twenties, play video games, like action movies, and love 80s neon aesthetic btw. If I'm not the target demo I can't imagine who is, it's cheap to throw away other people's opinions just because you don't think they're the demo audience.
Show me a PC game from that era that looks *anywhere near* this good
I opened it on the site with RES, I straight up had to restart chrome because reddit stopped responding
GOLDEN-MAN NO MORE!
Look at that badass!
Man you know Carlos is still a host at YTV? Dude's gotta be like 40 now
Alien Isolation runs very smooth at ultra on a 27" 1440p monitor, and it runs just as well on the laptop's 15" 1880p screen. DOOM is a bit more complicated, however. It runs between 40 and 50fps at ultra when I have it plugged into a 1080p TV, but I have to drop it down to a mixture of high/medium when I play it on my monitor.

As a side note, Starcraft 2 runs at 60fps at ultra on a 1440p monitor. It's an older game, but from what I understand it can be a hard game to run (because it's so CPU intensive).

Overall I'm still impressed, they're relatively intensive games.
I'm not sure if that's a jeer at the new pros, but my MBP with the 460 card runs Alien Isolation and Doom on max settings at about 40 fps
I assume this is at max settings right? My MBP with a RP 460 runs it at about 60fps on a 1440 monitor on Windows
I get what you're saying, but I feel like someone shooting a nationally syndicated sermon would be more likely to remember to lock the camera in place than someone shooting a school play
You think the bot is purposefully being meta/self-deprecating? I seriously don't think it was programmed to do that
Honestly I know so little about coding that I'll just unironically agree with this statement. Suck it eggy
I just went to the steam page for soda drinker pro to see what it was, and the trailer played, and i swear to god it was Nick's voice saying "rated E for everyone" at the beginning am I right or has the nlss crew slowly crept into my every mental fibre
And of those 3, only one is recent enough to have sparked a post like this! It's sitting at 0 upvotes and all the comments in the thread are acting like it's the 100th post change.org post they've seen on the sub!
also "playing with *his* toys," I'm not usually fussy, but this is obviously supposed to be the exact quotes
Hearing "WAH!" every time a boss jumps would boost Isaac from 9.95/10 to a 10/10
Man, for me the D100 shows up **way** more than those other items.  
Sorry, I guess I should have clarified that I was talking about the audio tells specifically, as the audio tells are the only way to differentiate the horizontal/diagonal shot
I usually just watch full screen, what were people saying?
Can you add in that the Shade (the new dark blue follower item) eventually gets stuck against a wall and doesn't move anymore? Like he'll get stuck on a wall/doorway, then in the next room he'll be stuck against another wall/doorway. I didn't check to see if exiting/re-entering the game fixed it.

I should add that once this bug happens, it will keep happening for the rest of the run, even through floors

Yeah, them saying that next time they need to hire 'less experienced' play testers sort of rubbed me the wrong way. Like I have about 500 hours in Isaac, if I think something seems way out of whack, I don't want to feel invalidated by essentially hearing "the play testers we hired were way better than you and had no problems beating it, oops."
I feel like you could also say you don't deserve the achievement if you just hold R until you get brim+guppy+spoonbender. Exploiting a glitch is different from cheating, and when it comes down to it who really cares if you 'cheated' on a challenge run?
Did the Airport and Cinema Display trains ever exist though? For wall we know, those have been cancelled behind-the-scenes for years
Well, yeah... I mean now that you know what it is that won't happen again. Like that's literally what the item is supposed to do
Maybe the people that playtested the item didn't realize that it was acting any differently, or if they did notice, maybe they didn't mention it in their comments/notes.

This is of course if they got people to test it that aren't on the dev team.
I've been having this issue with the Poke Mans challenge as well. If my 'pokemon' is a summoning unit, all of it's summons attack me, and if my 'pokemon' is something like a fatty, it just dies instantly and doesn't do any tick damage to the enemies.
I think the community should judge the booster packs separately from this initial DLC. Right now the game is what it is, and I'm not exactly keen on waiting 12 months (which I believe is how long Ed said he'd do the monthly updates) before judging AB+.
People know about the Void, but it just doesn't add very much to the game. At least not nearly as much as Antibirth
Luckily you can play both
Unfortunately, if you bomb them both only one of the angels drops a key piece.
Dude's gonna fix the game. It was always going to need changes, you know how Isaac DLCs is and all that
I got epic fetus on Backasswards on my first play, just keep refreshing until you get an OP combination. 

What is the glitch, btw?
Yo now people that haven't even touched the game are complaining this is getting out of hand
I'm interested as to what happened within your 59 minutes of playtime that made you refund it so soon. If you had the same first 59 minutes that I had, you only got to try out like 5 new items. Was that really enough time to decide for yourself that it's bad, or are you just following the kneejerking on this sub?
Proud of you
Hasn't it always done this though?
This expansion is more like a single patty hamburger that costs $0.30 to upgrade to a cheeseburger. It's okay, it fills me up, but it's no Antibirth steak
Okay I'm seriously confused. I've read like 10 comments that said the mods weren't coming to the workshop, and that the mod tools they released are terrible. Are the mod tools actually terrible, or were people overreacting to quickly?
Yo you had to hold R to reset 5 runs in a row to unlock those hearts. It's kinda silly but I don't see how that's really something worth complaining about
I agree with you, I've had 2 portals on a basement 1 room, and one of the portals immediately spewed out a rock fatty. It took a while to clear it out, but I definitely didn't leave the room thinking "wow, portals ruin the game" or anything
I don't hate the expansion so far, I think some of the new items are interesting (although I'm having a hell of a time getting more than like 2 per run). That said, Greedier mode feels super lazy. They took away my 100% hard post-it notes to make me play greed mode again, only this time 80% of the enemies and bosses are champions, and you only get half the coins per wave. Pretty lame 
Get outta /r/disney if you don't want to see pics of people enjoying disneyworld
I *think* he's trying to say that no one is reporting that the laptop is working fine in most scenarios, and that it's sort of biased that most outlets are scoring the new pros based on only the sour experiences, rather than the good ones (of course, there's no such thing as an unbiased apple review, good or bad). 

I haven't had any battery issues with mine (I get about 12 hours if I'm not using the dGPU), but I get that other people are having problems. Didn't apple release a software update like a week ago that fixed this battery stuff? Did it not actually work, or is CR using reports from before that update? Because if they are I don't see how their findings are valid.
Dang every response so far has thought your comment was legit
In a devil costume though?
Yeah but when he filled it with 1 foot of water I sincerely thought he was going to leave it
An absolute madman
Worse, in one of his newer episodes he specifically said that he has it turned off
There have been worse episodes this season, but this show has taken a turn I don't think it can recover from. An uncomfortable subplot where Mitch locked a gay kid in a locker because the kid was as snarky as Mitch is all the time. Come on. Manny failed to deliver a single line convincingly, *and* spent $8000 on a dance. I thought he was supposed to be 'smart'.

Again, there have been worse episodes, but this one definitely didn't do it for me. Also, what was the main plot line this week supposed to be? We had Phil/Jay, Gloria/Claire, Manny/Luke, and Mitch/Cam, and each pairing had pretty much even screen time. That means each story only had about 5 minutes to breath (if we don't count times where the pairs were on screen together). That's just straight up not enough time to tell a story/sub-story in a sitcom.
That line seems so out of character too!
Well obviously not, but I mean come on, some people live to hate apple. Honestly skimming your comment history you sound seem to be one of those people
I always thought the Vortex was one of the worst. It's fine, and the hanging boat thing is a pretty fun idea, but it just falls flat for me. That's not even counting the queue that always seems to take over an hour to get through.

I'm curious how people feel about the Minebuster? It's easily top 3 for me, and it was the first coaster I recreated in Planet Coaster (I've also done Dragon Fire and The Fly, I'm hoping to make a miniature Wonderland)
Hey man, I started playing this game at about 5pm yesterday and I've already played for 15 hours (I'm serious), I freaking love this game. I'm bad at it though, like I'm so bad that I feel silly for having to ask this, because it's probably super obvious, but how do you make a custom park entrance? Every time I make a park the entrance is just some barebones tunnel (like I made a tropical park and it was just a tunnel then a really small bridge over a tiny river). How can I dress my entrances up like this?

This is freaking awesome btw, I've seen a couple 'park entrance' posts, but yours was so good that I had to comment
Do you guys think sugar would be good on eggs? That's a "I don't want to try it, but I want to try it if someone else tries it" sort of thing for me
It's a cold feeling knowing that Malf knows you gave him the cold shoulder 
[Looks like this update was on the 23rd](http://appleinsider.com/articles/16/11/30/apple-updates-boot-camp-audio-driver-that-was-causing-blown-macbook-pro-speakers)
Which colour didn't he like?
Except the people (like me) that are averaging between 10 and 15 hours on their 15"s. I know not everyone's is running that well, but not everyones is running terribly either.
I don't see how it breaks the 180° rule, the frame only moves 90° between the 5th and 6th panel
The whole subs been munching on those berries recently. If you guys want to go back to the days of OS X Leopard, white plastic computers, and needing to use a iPod nano separate from your iPhone then be my guest, but I'm more than content with modern Apple's style 
Did you already know boot camp was frying speakers, or did you find out after it happened? There are some supposed fixes for the issue now (downloading new drivers, denying windows access to the speakers, leaving headphones plugged in) and I'm just wondering whether boot camp blew out your speakers despite those fixes, or if you didn't know those fixes were out there
Yeah, iirc (which I might not, it's been a long time) OP said a few times that it was just a dumb comic and he didn't drive intoxicated. No one saw that though because every comment he made was super downvoted
Does anyone remember like 5 years ago there was a post or two here about the character being pulled over for driving high on shrooms, and the comments just absolutely *tore* the OP apart, as if he had driven high on shrooms? It was ridiculous, and even though I've moved on from this sub I'm glad it's not like that here anymore.

Also why is this #60 on my r/all feed? it only has 427 upvotes and it's only 79% upvoted
Considering the Sierra upgrade is free I'm not sure how much they're using Siri as a selling feature
I already mentioned this lower, but I've had the exact same model for a week and I haven't had any issues. Make an appointment and get it looked at before you trade it for last year's model. It shouldn't feel worse than the 2015 model, and certainly not the 2014 model.
Yeah Sierra's pretty glitchy, I've had a couple freezes that makes it feel like I'm still running the beta version. It seems a little suspect that his Touch Bar migrated up onto the screen *within the first 5 minutes* too, considering the first time I heard about this was yesterday in that front page post. 

It's just a bit surprising to me that something so improbable would happen so quickly, the odds of something that's affected maybe 10 people happening to OP within the first 5 minutes of opening the machine are astronomical. 

Also OP, if you're reading this and that really did happen you should take it as a hint that something is off with your machine, and that whatever's causing that to bug out could be causing your performance issues.
Yeah no kidding. Coincidentally I got mine last Tuesday night, and it was kind of choppy the day after. After a week it's settled in nicely and I've had 0 issues (aside from thinking the force trackpad feels a bit 'soft' every once in a while)
Honestly it sounds like you should get it tested at a store or see if they'll replace it with a new one. They won't be able to fix the trackpad being too big, but mine (same model) hardly heats up at all in photoshop, final cut, or when streaming multiple 1080 videos. And it definitely shouldn't seem slower than a 2014 model
I honestly really doubt it
Yeah, I get that everyone is being half tongue-in-cheek here, but as of right now this is a 1 in 100,000 bug (or however many pros have shipped), and there's no way this doesn't get fixed in an update
He should get into drones
I tried to make this jump with my new 15" pro so i could take advantage of the touch bar stuff, but honestly Safari was giving me some weird issues. 

First and most importantly, Safari was just surprisingly laggy on the new pro when compared to Chrome. The whole thing just didn't feel 'right'. 

Second, and a lot less importantly, Safari doesn't give me the option to choose my stream quality on twitch.tv, it's just greyed out on 'auto'. My internet can stream 1080, so this shouldn't be a problem, but for some reason Safari just plops me on the medium setting and doesn't change it. 

Has anyone else had issues like these? Chrome just honestly feels snappier than Safari
I would also considered the new pros and new beats as 'holiday' products, and I'm still expecting the AirPods to come out in time
Aside from the fact that anyone in the world would still be dealing with that, especially in the same month that it happened. 
Why is his Christmas tree even a story? That's the real question 
>A GPU that actually plays games

Why do people keep acting like the new MBP is the first one underpowered mac? Macs are notorious in the gaming community for a reason, they're really good at what they're meant for, but they're not meant for gaming 
/u/greg4242 upvote this it's a month old but we need to look like a thriving sub
You think 4 ambulances have shown up because an early 20-something student felt tired from hunger? I feel like you're downplaying the fact that there's probably a student/employee with serious medical concerns.
It was satisfying to put yourself as a homophobic asshole?
Hasn't this been known for weeks? This isn't new 

Edit: evidently this wasn't known until today, I just assumed. Also apparently you can't delete comments on alien blue
Did Mario actually just automatically vault over all those goombas? What's the point of having enemies if you can't even get hit? This is looking really underwhelming

It'll likely only be spec-bumps until 2020.