NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! I hate love bug season 😭😢
My parents have refloored their basement 3 times now. 

First time was carpet over the original concrete floor, that was fine it was lumpy and bumpy but it got the job done. Then they had enough money to do it right and they leveled the floor and my mom picked out this really beautiful expensive carpet for our hang out space (kids were teens now) not 3 months later did they find out that the huge gorgeous tree in the front was drinking from their sewer line and broke it with its roots. It put about 1.5-2ft if sewer water in our basement, toilet paper and everything 🤢🤮. She was devastated, but bright side insurance covered everything so no real harm done. She decided then she would never do carpet again in a basement. It was completely rare it will never happen again but she went all tile, classic style that never really goes out but I’d also never really “in” lol she covered the spaces we hung out in around the couches and desk with area rugs and it was perfect now that all kids are grown and out she mostly uses the basement for storage and laundry so they are basically no maintenance at this point for her. 
For my mom, this would be the only way I’d get through to her.  My mom really toes the line between JustNo and JustYes but when she over steps boundaries like this I remind her how easily I can disappear into my life and just not have time for her shit and she gets back in line for a while. 
Good luck! I’m full of great ideas 🤪 shoot me a message if you need anything else 
Honestly if it was me I would skip the "food" and make your wedding more of an experience. If you don't have a theme venue planned I would stick to the outdoors and do BBQ (I did it at my wedding and people LOVED it).  In your case skip the sauces go for smoked, stick to meats and plain vegetables like grilled corn on the cob and asparagus. Think Paleo feast ha ha.  If you do this right buying new grills, equipment, food and paying staff to just cook the stuff you've prepared could be cheaper than the inconvenience tax a commercial place will put on you.  

As for the cake find anyone that is willing to bake something with that many concerns or DIY and make like 150 cupcakes.  The wedding is about the love, the fun and the entertainment. Its a day to make memories and have fun the food is just there to fuel everyone to have fun all night.

We did a barn wedding and had like giant Jenga and hay rides, while people made the point I was brave to wear white and eat ribs, no one really remembers the food from weddings. Do lots of appetizers and a buffet you will be FINE!
Right?! Absurd, but I still paid it. One and only child and told I can't have more so they got me hooked. 
Right?! and I HAD to buy the printed ones to get the opportunity to get the digital copy. There was a candid photographer who got an amazing like toddler head shot style photo and it was $25 for the digital and that one is really great. 
Ha ha ha ha I love these games! Last night while eating dinner at Costco LO turned to the table next to us and says "I farted" with the biggest smile. Thankfully they cracked up but I was pretty embarrassed.

Omg yes! I just paid $100 to be able to get the digital copy. $75 for the CD and $25 for 4 wallet size... seriously other than his pas I don’t know anyone that still carries pictures in their wallets. 
I liked the purple 🙊 I’ll see myself out.

Seriously though you did an awesome job. 
No KJI is trying to show us that even a dictator has more sense than our president.
You’re also assuming she didn’t call poison control. They don’t always say go directly to the ER they tell you it’s ok monitor for drastic changes.  
I’m 30 and my mom still tries this crap with me.  I was hospitalized twice for headaches and she kept telling me to buck up it was just the flu. Turns out I have a rare genetic disorder and the headaches are caused by an issue with my connective tissue (think collagen and cartilage).  Since getting a real answer she never asks how I’m feeling. Things I have complained about my entire life all suddenly fall into place. 
A minyan?
Do I get extra points if the diaper bag has Darth Vader on it?
I had to cut my original band off too. I bought 1/2 size smaller hoping it would fit under my engagement ring, it didn’t we clipped it off in like three chunks it sucked bad. 
It was different from singles therapy that's for sure, I was surprised at how fast it went when it was two of us talking in that space and while I don't feel I said a lot I think this guy got a real look into us and why I feel the way I do. IDK it was just different. 
This tips is more likely to be from a pissed off kid/relative of his.
I work at a Hematologist office and have shown posts like these to my coworkers to help them truly understand that not all families are happy and healthy and that patient privacy is paramount. 

 I had a new patient whose parents showed up to the appointment unannounced and started asking my receptionist all sorts of questions she messaged me immediately (I work from home). I told her say and do nothing, don’t even confirm that she has an appointment here today. If they ask anything just say “I’m so sorry you’re not on the approved list and that we can discuss adding you to it with the patient.” I made a form for the patient to sign listing their names and telephone numbers and also a note saying should she ever want them removed from the list she would have to tell us and update this form. She had a very healthy relationship with her parents but how am I supposed to know. We treat blood disorders (yep HIV/AIDS) and cancers not exactly normal stuff so we lock shit down HARD. 

Due to the loose nature of your old doctor I would recommend picking up your files yourself, they obviously aren’t afraid of breaking HIPAA and I wouldn’t be surprised if they told you mom who your new doctor is. Give them no information so they can’t share it.  If you have to pay for your records you should, think of it as a fee for privacy.  

Best of luck! 
[40 Shades of Green](https://youtu.be/5r6o_if2BNs) 
A lot of adopted people suffer from regular depression and feelings of abandonment.  No matter how loving their adoptive parents are and how good their life is there is an underlying hurt of being given away when they were born. 
Can I ask what you used? My husband and I are on week three of building copper pipe pergolas that I am training vining plants up.  I was going to post all my pics when we’re done. 

We used 3/4in copper pipes with CPVC for the connectors. 
Your tile is gorgeous!! 
Where can I get these?
Who selected this guy? 
I was in a similar situation, I moved from a 900sqft apartment that was all carpet except for our tiny kitchen and even tinier bathroom swiffer was plenty. My new house is like 3x’s bigger and all tile [this mop ](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00WSWGVZQ/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_K8k0Ab517FFXJ) has been like a god send! 
My niece has a peanut allergy and unfortunately it’s the worst kind (I forget which protein exactly) sent this to my sister and she was like “f*ck those people, that’s like barely how an allergy works.  Also who doesn’t wipe a cart these days before using it anyway?! If I could see visible peanut butter on it I’d just take another one.”
I saw a Dr. Amy Kontorovich in Mt Sinai Hospital she was a geneticist specializing in EDS and other cardiovascular congenital disorders, she had a lot of other referral sources for me but I live in FL so I didn't take her up on them.
 Yep me too! My dad had what we thought was a aortic aneurysm when he was 31 so when I was being checked for it they said they know the gene that causes vascular but it's not always 100% the same mutation so my results could be yes, no or maybe if it was maybe we would have to check my dad to see if he had the same maybe and if he did then it's a yes. 

My geneticist said lets look for the worst and not worry about the others if it's a no, I have the clinical requirements so lets just leave it there. 
[corgis don’t need tail holes](https://imgur.com/8GzyYN8)  😂
Genetic testing is required to diagnose a specific type of EDS.  My Beighton score was only a 5 (my knees and elbows don’t bend backwards at all) but I had a lot of other things like mitral valve prolapse, papules on my hands and feet, and a lot of gastro issues. I have been diagnosed with hEDS. I did the genetic testing for vEDS because my dad had an abdominal aneurysm at 30 (he was an alcoholic at the time and doesn’t remember much about what happened other than vomiting “more blood than was in his body” and need 3 blood transfusions to keep him alive [they found the aneurysm because the blood was coming back out as quickly as they could get it in] ) I (thankfully) tested negative for vEDS and at the recommendation of the geneticist did not test further since we ruled out the worst of it. 

Look for EDS doctors near you, it took me a neurologist, Hematologist, immunologist and cardiologist to piece everything together and get me in with my geneticist.  In her words I am a much more mild case then her other patients so it’s not impossible to diagnose without genetics. 
These are so nice!! Who makes them? I used to buy a brand called Incoco, they made these awesome nail polish decals and my favorite one was a metallic zebra print... I’m going to try and find a picture 
I just did it isn’t that bad, looks like any other poop except yellow and tiny. 
One of my favorite dishes to make is a spaghetti squash bolognese. I cook the squash rake up all the "noodles" smother it in the bolognese and then throw them back in the oven, i add cheese to my son and husband's they love them 
Sons of Anarchy is a lot like this show, so I think a modern day Thomas Shelby is Jax Teller
[Something to make soda at home](https://www.sodastreamusa.com/)

Make your own with a soda stream?
My son will not wear jackets/sweatshirts/vests or long sleeves that weren’t the first thing put on.  Thankfully we live FL so cold doesn’t happen to often.  When we are home I let him not wear any of it and if he’s cold that’s his problem he can use a blanket.  When we visit people in NY he is putting that vest and jacket on kicking and screaming, I’m not going to let him die of the cold cause he doesn’t like the clothing choices. His daycare teachers also know he won’t wear a jacket so cooler days I dress him warmer so they can still go outside and play without a fight. 

As long as your house is reasonably warm LO should be fine, no slippers is fine. She will figure out that when she is cold it “hurts” and that slippers help, this isn’t the hill to die on with her. 
I have not addressed my dislocations because it’s not what bothers me most. I am working with some doctors on my headaches and heart issues.  Knowing you have it helps your doctors address your issues in a different way. Like I said I’m only a month or two into this so I’m definitely not an expert lol
I had dislocations (not as many as you) multiple joint pain then I found out I had a mitral valve prolapse. My spine is loose and weak so I get terrible headaches, back pain, and other stuff. I am a very mild case and likely only found out because I work for a top rated oncologist in NYC he sent me to a few specialists and checked enough boxes on the list. 
Definitely look into it, I was just diagnosed a few months ago at 30
Holy shit, I was mad that when I asked the anesthesiologist to check my back because I felt a baseball sized wad in between my shoulders he said “No, I didn’t leave anything behind, trust me it’s not my first day” there was a baseball sized wad of tape between my shoulders. Your midwife though, she a bitch. 
You should see if you have Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome, dislocations, flexible joints and stretchy skin are some of the easier to find symptoms 
For me too, I didn’t break my pelvis but my membranes ruptured early my son and I both got infections because of it, my epidural was useless it kept “settling” so my husband and dad would have to rotate me from side to back to other side so that it wouldn’t lose it, then when I went in for the c-section they realized I had had too much for the baby so I felt them slicing me open and reaching inside to take my son out. It took two IV push before I stopped feeling it.  
I am very pro breastfeeding and everytime someone make a post like the OP I do everything I can to explain "FED is best" and then whatever tips I have to help them through their bf problems 
Apply for receptionist positions, tell them flat out you have  not worked because you were a SAHM kids are older and you want some time out of the house basically. I have hired a lot of women for part time positions in my office (Doctors) it has worked well for both parties.  The only thing I tell them is 2 same day call out or no shows within 3 months. 
My husband has been having issues with his Mail Client, All Inboxes no longer shows all of his mail addresses it keeps dropping his @mac
Lmao exactly! I definitely have neighbors that get close, one guy kept telling me about his cheap candy canes blowing fuses, Yeah Mark I’m sure it’s has nothing to do with the 200 decorations you have daisy chained together.
Yes my kitchen is done that way, I literally only had one outlet outside and it was on the side of my house next to my garage, I don’t really know what they expected people to plug in there.
The things I would love to have changed or had more input in general is outlets and storage options. 

I had one GFCI for the entire outside of my house (come on KB people decorate for Christmas at least!) I added 3 for the backyard (pool so we wanted speakers, fridge, and heavy duty bug zapper), I also added two to my front porch (one specifically for decorations and the other to run my Nest outdoor camera. We also have a very open floor plan so I wish we had done two floor outlets one in my den for power recliners and one in my front/foyer for my Christmas tree or a floor lamp near the couch because there are no lights at all in that area and the wall outlets are in awkward places once furniture was put in the room.  

And lastly I wish the half bath was in the back of the house with the pool and kitchen instead of right inside the front door which is directly across from a full bathroom. That seemed like such a poor design choice, if you’re looking at my front door to the left is a full bath and bedroom the door to the right is the half bath. We have talked about moving the half bath to the closet under the stairs, capping the lines and making the front half bath a storage closet, we live in FL so no basements and my attic is only a crawl space, storage SUCKS. 


I also had a baby. 36 hours in labor and an epidural that wore off while they were cutting me open for a c-section, I had had too much to be safe for the baby and didn’t get relief until Baby was outside and umbilical was cut. Child birth was a LOT easier and tolerable than the constant pain I feel or the way I can’t turn my head at certain angles. I also refused all pain killers after birth. The recovery from the c section was a lot easier to tolerate than my regular pain.  It’s strange I’ve always been that way, the things that are “supposed” to hurt don’t bother me the same way my everyday pain does.  
I have terrible eyesight, I hade my left corner scraped down because it was coned instead of round, I also get ridiculous floaters some can be big and act almost like a cataract as if moves through eye the rest are like dots and squiggles I see all the time. 
This reminds me of a funny story. When LO was about 4-5 months old we went out to a local pizzeria that has outdoor seating.  When it came to nursing I was never shy, I’d whip it out wherever, whenever, didn’t care. So back to the pizzeria with outdoor seating, so we sat outside it was like 5 of us. Husband, me, 3 male friends (one is gay and sitting next to me). So we are sitting eating our pizza and LO decides he wants dinner too, cross my legs prop baby up open my shirt and let him nurse. Now inside the window was a booth with 4 people looked like elderly couple and younger couple. Old man (about 60) loses it I can see him pointing and angry whispering at his family about the indecency of this woman feeding her child in his view. LO was finishing up the milk coma was setting in and I could see this guy still glaring at my through the window, so when LO unlatched instead of my normally quick response of putting boob away I let my leaky stretched out nipple hang out for a minute. I swear I could hear him bang the table inside the window and he started putting the menus in front to block his view. Gay friend loses it like straight up dying about what just went down, he told me I am the sole reason he will never like boobies or woman 😂
My 2 yo son was sitting in his car seat yesterday just repeatedly sayin Fuck. I tried so hard to “figure out” what he was saying by helping “Oh do you see a duck?” I wasn’t fooling anyone 
holy shit the shower rash!!!!! I never associated that with EDS, just about everything else I realized was that the shower hives i totally though was normal for everyone. My sister gets them too 
Omg those things has saved my life a few times.  I hand expressed milk into those to soothe my son during a long road trip. Literally milked myself 1oz at a time till he fell asleep. 
Call your doctor. 
Lemon curd!
Where can I buy one?!
I really like your table cloth
Definitely do this! My uncle owns a body shop in NY and has held on to cars for the police. The local precincts send them documents of what cars were involved and the damage on them. 
I own an appliance repair business and my recommendation is to just replace. You’ll spend a lot replacing that and then something else will go and by the time you’re in too deep to just buy a new one your parts will be discontinued. We won’t even go out on a call for something 15+ years. 
I actually just checked your username to see if I made a post last night and forgot. 

In January I had the worst headache of my life I wound up in the hospital and now three months and what feels like 1,000 doctors later I too am waiting for my genetic testing for vascular (my dad had an aortic aneurysm at 31, I’m 30). 

My pregnancy 2 years ago almost killed me and my recurrent pregnancy loss (the last one caused me to hemorrhage and required surgery) is what lead them to getting me on the road to my EDS diagnosis. 

The only thing that relieves the pain from the headaches is [Fioricet](https://www.rxlist.com/fioricet-drug.htm#description). The caffeine really messes with me even though I drink plenty in a day I get bad shakes and increased level of anxiety but the pain is gone within minutes. I also have hemochromatosis so I can’t take a lot of it because it’s rough on the liver. 

I am in the process of getting a medical marijuana card because that seems to help when it’s an edible or the vape oil.
My mom had one of these, saved my ass for a couple weddings. 
My parents and sister are crazy Trump fanboys and my mom has literally said “I think it’s great he’s involved with Russia! Keep our enemies closer.” Lady is crazy, they were also illegal immigrants and see no issue with his immigration policies, mind boggling. 
You’re living the dream girl! Rock it and make us all proud of your where it all began 😝
While I agree that these things are sad they are realities and you need to prepare yourself for a situation like that (same as you do for biological children) Health and especially mental health are not things anyone can know before hand. 
> On a different topic:
>> not including not adopting... that’s just sad and hurtful

>Why do you think that's "just sad and hurtful" For whom?

I believe she was referring to someone who adopted a child and now says they no longer want that child. 
Her being 5 is a huge difference. Is there a way you could use age appropriate methods to show her that all families have rules and consequences, showing her something that is similar to “Doesn’t matter who you’re growing up with everyone wears clothes when we go out”. I assume you aren’t having world shattering fights and runaway situations yet so I think that having her see that rules are everywhere she might not feel so much you vs. her at this age. 

Side note: I definitely though she was a teen in your post and that you were having issues of rebellion. 
Left to Right: Moana, Ariel, Sleeping Beauty (Aurora), Anna 
>>Every year on July 4th and New Years we get calls about gunshots. Every single time the caller is perfectly convinced they're gunshots and couldn't possibly be fireworks. They'll say they hear automatic weapons, or my personal favorite "rapid fire shotguns". And every single time a deputy goes out to investigate, it turns out to be the unlikely culprit of fireworks.


I live next to Disney that when gun shots have gone off near us as long as it’s before 10pm no one would call it in because everyone assumes it’s one of the Disney parks. 

We had a neighbor try and shoot an armadillo between two houses with a 9mm and then another guy that supposedly shot an intruder (full story never in media so just what neighbors gossiped about it) and when he called 911 to say he shot someone they asked if he was sure it wasn’t Disney. 
 I ate anything and everything I wanted. I drank after Baby was 6 months old and still not a lot. 
You are an incredibly strong person!

You were able to do something that you knew needed to be done for your daughter even though you were having a really hard personal issue with it.  You have incredible power to do that, I hope I am that strong when pushed.
It’s actually one of the oldest medical journals out there. The name definitely makes it sound crunchy though. 
Is alt-G putting anything into your email bar? On an American keyboard alt-G gives us a copyright symbol, could have American drivers and it's not putting in the appropriate symbol, also wouldn't hurt to try shift-2 in case that is the glitch

I actually just had the conversation with a geneticist, disclaimer I’m in the US. 

We have an issue here where I personally feel that we over prescribe painkillers and I also know that I have an addictive personality and don’t like to take them.  I was told to see a Pain Management Doctor that specializes in rare disorders, I was also told to take advantage of the medical marijuana which has become legal in my state and the state I go to for all of my doctors. I also have two unique situations, ibuprofen makes my heart race, caught it on my last week long heart monitor and I have hemochromatosis so I have to protect my liver from certain drugs and especially alcohol. 

Pain killers work no doubt about it, but our bodies also adjust and develop a tolerance pretty quickly. This could be the fear your doctors have, if you start now at 24 on the lowest dose you will need higher doses as time goes on and what will you be taking at 60? That also doesn’t mean you shouldn’t have relief from your worst days. Ask them if you could start with a small count and low dose prescription, also explain that what you’re doing now is not working anymore and change must be made. 
We are going through this now. When my son was 6 mo the old he was randomly projectile vomiting but that was the only thing he didn’t appear to be in pain, he would puke across a room for like 10 minutes until nothing by bile came up and then pass out. First time it happened Pedi said “Kids throw up watch for changes he’ll be fine” second time it happened she said might be allergies stop giving him banana and avocados (he had eaten that before both times). Third time and urgent care doctor basically told me I was an idiot and wasting his time to leave, fourth time I decided this was not normal or okay and we went straight to the Children’s Hospital.  

We get there and the ER Dr is telling me the same thing everyone else was, kids throw up go home. I refused I was not leaving until someone looked at something. She says “Fine if I order a sonogram of his abdomen will that be enough for you to leave?” I said yes. They take us right back and I swear on my life as soon as she placed that wand on his stomach I could see it, a huge white bullseye, seriously if it was red Target could have used it for their logo. Tech says “OMG I’ll be right back” makes a call outside for a doctor to call for a surgeon while she finishes up the rest of his scan. 

My son had an intussusception 4 times, it was referred to as self correcting and we were told follow up with a Gastro specialist. We are almost two years since that happened and we have now discovered that me and my son suffer from a genetic condition called Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome that effects connective tissue. He will probably go through this again but at least now he will have the surgery to correct the issue. 
I was interviews by KW and felt like it was an MLM pitch and quickly told them no thanks remove my number. They still call me twice a week, I’ve started blocking their number. 
So Q 
I have had the same blanket for 30 years! One night I was sick and wrapped in my blankey and tried to roll over and I ripped it in half (2/3rd down) I was DEVASTATED like seriously bawling my eyes out over it.  My husband took my blankey to the dry cleaner and they stitched it back up. It has a hefty scar but whatever stitch they did prevented it from fraying anymore (its wool) so maybe All is not lost for your blanket too. 
This is basically what my dad does. Huge hotel pan, throw in the meat he covers it with the lid then uses oven safe plastic wrap, wraps it up right then adds one more layer of heavy duty tinfoil just for good measure. Cooks them for like 6 hours and it’s just as good as when he boils just one. We also cook the cabbage in the same water. 
I was thinking this too. Might be worth getting a public adjuster if they low ball you a quote. We used one when we had a dishwasher leak in our house and he got us SOOOOO much more than their original offer. 
I am 30 and just found out I have EDS I immediately had a Mirena placed while we figure out which kind I have. It’s very likely my 2 yo son has it, and suffered as early as 6 months old. Pregnancy was horrendous and my new OBGYN is surprised I survived.  I desperately want another child but it will not be biologically mine.  I had a few losses before I found out as well, the last one was dangerous 
Raylan would shoot Jax before he even had a chance to speak about what was going on. Jax is a criminal and that’s all he needs to know. 

Fist to cuff Jax Teller would destroy Raylan. 
You should leave a Shitty Neighbor of the Year award, or if you want to be more PC Nosey Neighbor, outside her door.
I have some cool leftover Star Wars (Darth Vader Sugar Skulls and C3PO and R2D2 sugar skulls) fabric that I’ve wanted to use for clothes, any cool 70’s patterns left? 
Sorry lol. I qualify for one but won’t apply yet because I think they are making it too difficult for people and because legislators are going to try and repeal it and I don’t want to wind up on a list. 
Anxiety and generic back pain are definitely not covered. You also have to requalify every 70 days. 

[not as easy as CA and CO](https://www.flmedcannabis.org/news/2017/11/18/what-conditions-qualify-for-medical-marijuana-in-florida) 
I definitely know a few girls on Long Island that fit this date description WELL. 
No not at all. It’s mostly terminal illnesses and anything bad enough that you’d already be on disability. Even though it was voted in legislators are VERY against it. 
I am always given some test questions, usually something they googled out of a school book based on the specialty.
I got kidney stones in my college years too. They were HORRENDOUS like worst pain of my life and  one day I wound up in the ED passing blood clots when I peed. 
Smoking and eating have drastically different effects on the body.  Eating can take a very long time to kick in and lasts much longer with a more intense feeling. 
I’ve been toying with the idea of getting one especially since it looks like I have cvEDS or vEDS. Being found unconscious is kinda likely if shit goes bad for me. I think I’ll wait until I know exactly which one I have. 
But boiling bacon is life
I just found out I have hemochromatosis and my hematologist (he’s also my boss) told me “Well if it means anything to you the Times is saying it’s out of style for women to drink so maybe you can say that ridiculousness to anyone that asks.” He doesn’t drink (knows I really don’t either) and even he saw how absurd those articles are. 
This isn’t a regular money talk, at least not from how this post reads, but you need to sit this man down and figure shit out. He is not budgeting and I am sure has a lot more debt than you realize you need to sort this out and fast before he really takes you down. 
No Ireland either
I like Axum in Old Winter Garden Village
He is on medication for it but refuses to see a therapist because it proves he has a character flaw. (Which hurts on a whole new level because I’ve been in therapy for a long time. 

I am just getting tired of being the one with health issues and mental issues of my own. I gave up everyone for him and moved across the country because it’s what he wanted and now three years in it isn’t what he expected so he just gives up. I am flying back and forth to NY to see specialists for a genetic disorder I just found out about, I’m the only one working, I am the only one planning anything for our family, I am the only one doing the yard work and house cleaning. Yet he gets depressed/anxiety (whatever) and just gives up and expects me to keep doing everything. 
I’m sure that’s a part of it yes, but I am too and I needed this. I needed him today and he wasn’t there, he can motivate him to do the things he wants I just find when it’s for me he just pretends like he forgot. 
Bingo!
Technically no there was nothing stopping me from going on my own, but things have been rough on us lately and a day as a family together is what I wanted. The beach is a relatively free outing and idk I guess I am just tired of doing everything on my own. He’s supposed to be my partner and lately it doesn’t feel like I have one. 
We use Sand Lake Animal Hospital, I;m not sure how their pricing compares but I never feel like they are upselling services and they are the sole reason my dog is still alive today. They stayed late and kept her sedated until the overnight clinic opened and were able to take over care.  
Idk if Netflix America uses different transcriptionists than Netflix UK but I have noticed they get a LOT wrong on the English and Irish shows I watch, one will even put “unintelligible” on something I could clearly understand. 
Yup! My parents and teachers would lose their minds if we said Jesus Christ, shit or fuck would get a look but JC would always be corrected and sternly told “Don’t you dare take the Lord’s name in vain!” 

Jesus H. Christ is probably one of my favorite curse words to this day, good thing my son and husband are Jewish 😂
I have just fallen off the wagon too. I am having a hard time but I definitely notice I feel so much better when I am eating cleaner so I need to use that to my advantage. I’m struggling with this though because of health issues, my body has been responding (in blood work not physically) as though I am having constant allergic reactions, my allergist is afraid I will develop an allergy if I keep excluding food but we also realize that might be the only way to figure out WTF is going on.  Planning treatment together hasn’t been easy. 
Their lost and found is incredible! I lost my glasses at Disney and they had them cleaned and cataloged within 48hrs of when I lost them.  
Hopefully this will just be one more thing he claims he’ll accomplish and just fail miserably at it. 
Honestly, I don’t handle it well. I can usually muster up a smile and a congratulations but I always cry and it always brings up all the raw emotions and it’s never fun. My therapist just told me she is 20 weeks and I just bawled crying about it. 
Ha ha ha yes! 
No broken bones but a LOT of orthopedic appointments for both knees and wrists. Also apparently when I drink and wear high heels my ankles turn to rubber, one night my husband was convinced we would be going to the ER for a broken ankle but the next morning I was fine. 
I’d look into hiking Day packs. When I worked in NYC I was bringing a LOT back and forth daily, I had an awesome bag made by High Sierra it had a chest clip for the shoulder straps and a hip clip that could be stored in their own pockets when not in use. 
Has anyone here been diagnosed with Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome? They have a version called Brittle Cornea Syndrome, I’m just finding out I have all of these. 
Makes sense to me. The $96 is a facility charge that covers things like supplies, nursing staff and labs, the $55 is the physician’s fee for seeing you.  Happens a lot when doctors share a space and support staff. 
I’m being checked for vascular and cardiac-valvular EDS this month. My son is too and we will probably get his results before mine which has me scared and sad 
Anti-Vaxxers make me so angry. I am literally the person who needs hers immunity I am 30 years old have 0 antibodies from vaccines and could catch measles at 30. When I asked a crunchy mom group what their vax-rules are they told me to stay away from them if I was afraid of them and then recommended some essential oils to keep me safe. 
I am in the WG/Windermere area and love it. We moved down from NYC 3 years ago. 
Just downloaded it but I don’t have google or Facebook 😢 I have a gmail with work but I probably shouldn’t use that for a Mom app. 
This is why we left Long Island. If you aren’t a millionaire you aren’t getting anything great, but you’re going to pay through the nose on taxes for mediocre at best. 
Adults and kids riding slides together. Kids leg goes out to slow them down (instinct) gets wedged between the slide and parent, parent is too heavy and the child’s leg breaks. 
I also heard little kids legs get broken in trampolines because they slip through the springs and gaps. They can’t stop the force from jumping and SNAP 

I will never own a trampoline. 
Yup... it’s like SOA if it took place in Birmingham England in the 1920’s 😂

Seriously though it’s an incredible show!
I have found a few online groups (even one here on Reddit) I’m still learning about it so I am hopeful. 
Watch Peaky Blinders. 
I bought a small storage ottoman off [Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B071458GWK/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_DJoIAb05RPC0V) . It’s a small pink cube that collapses up small if I don’t want to use it, but I store a blanket in it for when I’m cold lol
This is the only right answer so I will say it again. 


TAKE LO TO AN ALLERGIST, DO NOT TRY AT HOME!
Windermere’s lockdown has been lifted but no information yet. I went to school around the same time as columbine, we had a lot of threats after. I’m sure it’s just idiots looking for attention, Happy to see the schools took it seriously. 
That’s exactly how I feel. Second email and I was not going to proceed with them, he’s definitely some one that loves to screw with people (think the people who call pretending to be Microsoft) I just hang up on them. 
I don't publicly post my resume I had someone take one off of indeed and pretend to have my work history, my boss asked why I was leaving when someone called to ask about the employee. They thought it was just a name confusion when talking on the phone.  
I had no intention of taking this job but I have to admit they are getting better at selling these scams to people, I got a ton of emails like this when I was selling my car on Craigslist 
Lol I liked that one too, I told my husband it's barely a step above iTunes gift cards. 
They have my name, address, phone number and all my previous employers that's quite a bit of personal information. 
I used Stanley Steamer and they did a great job, I didn’t love the scent but our couch and carpets looked great after. 
LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE IT
Your eyes are awesome! I love the color so much. Also those buns are adorable
I agree! Pinterest is the Better Homes and Gardens of Crafts. Nothing is ever as cheap as they say, it’s always harder, and come on we know those photos are altered whether it be filters or straight up photoshop I’m not buying it! 
He ordered a one week test and yesterday would have been my last day, my skin was burning (I woke up at 4am feeling like my skin was on fire and the patches wouldn’t restock to my skin) the last pack of batteries died and I was getting on a plane so I took it off myself. Monitor place called me to ask if I removed it and I said yes week was up, doctor hasn’t called yet to say whether or not that was ok. My son’s 2nd birthday is tomorrow and I just wanted to have one day where I felt normal again so if he decides he wants to look longer I will put it back on when we get home. 
Well it was a left over burger from a four pack so cheaper to use my leftover than buy new ground beef. 
They didn’t say if I could or couldn’t do I assumed the paperwork told me to count ribs etc. my skin is scanning up as of now 😢
I’m calling this Lazy Man’s Chili

One burger
1/4-1/2 jar of salsa
Some random seasoning like garlic powder, chili flakes, cayenne pepper, paprika bout 1/4 t of each 1/2 t is onion powder 
Cheese and sour cream for garnish 

Cooke the burger and break it up into little bits until brown.

Pour in salsa and spices let simmer and thicken up

Pour in a bowl garnish with cheese, onion and sour cream and eat. 
That’s so cool! 
Omg why didn’t anyone tell me this?! I kept putting them on top of the previous spot and my skin is starting to scab from all the skin I lost, it looks like burns. 😢
I just took mine off after a week and my skin looks burned where the patches were. The one in my stomach looks and feels like a hickey it sucks so bad!
Great recommendation! I would have left him passenger side. 
Thanks that’s what I thought too. 
Isn't soy off limits for regular paleo too?
I’m on it right now for a disorder called Ehlers-Danlos, I am waiting for my specific typing to come back,  but it’s looking like I will have to do closer to AIP but I’m encourage to keep dairy (grass fed and full fat only) because osteoporosis  goes hand in hand and Dr. doesn’t think cutting dairy is worth it. 

Since starting after my diet t has helped tremendously with a lot of my symptoms like migraines, stomach pains, actually all my digestive issues have just about vanished. It’s been a rough adjustment and I definitely get bored and crave things that other people can have but I know in the end it’s better to suffer with my food than with my overall health. 
What’s the general feeling towards Paleo sweets? 

I recently found Hail Merry and my husband was asking to get me some for Valentine’s I kind of think it defeats the purpose of doing paleo, 1 C of honey isn’t really THAT much better than 1 C sugar .
Probably because he has been contributing for more than just a month. 
Came here to say the same, I did my own makeup for my wedding and the pictures were definitely much better after my sister hit me up with more blush lol
[here’s an album with some notes ](https://imgur.com/a/pp4wo) 
So I love the idea of natives but it means nothing to me ha ha. I HATE what our builder put in, they all died within a week of moving in. I did some research on native plants and was think of doing a ground cover plant instead of rocks/mulch 
My son’s birthday is close to Christmas my husband and I have agreed to give him the “big” gifts for his birthday, it won’t hurt him to wait a couple weeks lol. 
Thanks a million I definitely will! Where in CFL are you, want a new customer 😉?
All the time! I bump those previously mention walls and hand rails like I’m trying to... husband used to make fun of me and even get mad sometimes thinking that I was just being an idiot and not lying attention but since the testing has started his whole attitude about a lot of stuff has been changing. 
Omg yes! I cannot walk in a straight line for the life of me! I get so defensive about it and will tel my husband it’s all him and not me but lately I am noticing that straight lines are just not my thing, I think that’s why I like to walk along something like a hand rail or wall. 
I think pasta is the only thing I make in plain water. Rice, quinoa, risotto, anything that absorbs all the cooking liquid I only use broths now.
Definitely does! I’m convinced now that EDS and my stress level go hand in hand. My body has definitely given me a few days of “So I heard you were nervous about xyz ::trips and falls:: now you can worry about abc!”
I get this in my knees and ankles most. Up until I was diagnosed I have been writing it off as old sports injuries but it’s totally different than that. I remember the week of my wedding I rolled my ankle really bad and had to beg my boss to let me wear my high ankle hiking shoes (love my Solomons!) for the week coming up so I could walk down the aisle of grass, my ankle didn’t heal in time so I wore cowboy boots under my dress.  Thankfully we got married on a farm in October surrounded by apple trees so it fit the theme lol
Ha ha ha my husband tried to give our almost 2yo cream of mushroom soup (should mention LO LOVES all soup) he took one taste and looked at Husband and says “Yuck! Dirty! Garbage!”
Tamiflu doesn’t really work it helps shorten the length of symptoms but doesn’t actually cure the flu. My boss (Dr. of Oncology) we only give it to patients currently getting chemo if they got the flu before they could be vaccinated. 
I don’t think they are in the same world but I like to believe spongebob and Bubble Guppies are results of the same nuclear melt down. 
Gyu Kaku on Sand Lake Rd. 

Tables have their own grills and you cook your food, it’s a lot of fun
I was an angry child and I am now an angry adult. I have been hit with some insane medical news and realize that my anger can kill me if I don’t get it under control, I am going to work on my anger management. 

Get your son the help, he is angry for a reason whether it’s attention, being bullied at school or just being too young to figure out how to handle all of the crazy emotions we feel in a day; it isn’t something he will sort out without a professional. Have patience with him and do your best to help him figure out how to handle it. When he is mad at his sister for singing try and get him to tell you why it makes him mad and help him find a healthy solution to it, like maybe he can put on headphones and listen to music or go outside or to his room for quiet while she sings her heart out. 

I wish my parents addressed it instead of just getting mad at me being mad. You’re doing the right thing by being concerned and getting him help. I wish you all the best of luck. 
Thank you 
I had pre-eclampsia I’ve also had two miscarriages after him. I was basically told I’m done having kids unless I have to go through a lot, they don’t think my heart would handle it. 
So the doctor I am seeing said that it’s likely that my pregnancy is what brought my symptoms out and alerted me to my issues. Everything else before was easily written off as just a cold or a bug but after getting pregnant it was like things just didn’t go away. I am planning on seeing a geneticist is MD he has a year waiting list but I’m okay with that since my current Dr. seems to have figured it out, might as well see what other markers I am carrying, also my husband is adopted so it’s basically the only way we will get a family history for him. 
I’m hoping this week, some preliminary stuff has started coming back but a few take time. My doctor has agreed to review the results with me over the phone 
100% I already told my husband that if I ever decide to leave for any reason I want to make sure that who replaces me is good and knows exactly what he needs done. I owe him my life it’s the least I can do
Jesus Christ that’s insane 
I am shocked at the amount of EDSers on here! I hope you get the treatment you need and best of luck with it all. 
I drove myself to the hospital once because I thought someone was trying to cut out my kidney, had a horrendous kidney infection and was admitted she asked the doctors to drug test me because she thought I was faking, they told her I was literally peeing blood clots. 
My mom used to tell me my depression wasn’t real and that I needed to go to the gym. 
30
I’d press charges for assault fuck those ladies. 
OMG i just looked at your history that is insane! I am going with Lexy recommended above, I have dark red hair which is difficult to strip so she wants to do a free consult and test strand to see if what I want is possible first and I am very happy with that kind of process. 

I hope you've healed and recovered well! 
I started a cream called Soolantra for rosacea in December and birth control (nuva ring) in Oct/Nov other than those I take nothing not even a multivitamin. I was a pretty unremarkable person when I came to medical history 
I work for an oncologist, he thinks it’s psuedotumor cerebri I’m not obese but I’m definitely overweight and I am a female of child bearing years. They ruled out meningitis because I had no fever and a “very supple neck” I opted to not have the spinal tap done in ER because they don’t normally measure the pressure coming out and that’s what I need to diagnose PTC so I am going to discuss it with the neurologist I am seeing. My headaches have subsided (dull minor ache if anything) but my vision has not returned to normal I am actually sitting in my eye doctor waiting for him to come in and exam the questionable eye. My prescription went from -.50 to -2.75 today and that doesn’t normally happen over night so let’s see what he says. I also don’t think it’s an actual prescription issue because I could always read just fine and now my left eye sees nothing but blur and fuzz. I will definitely keep you updated as we check off the boxes. 
No spinal tap I had 2 CT’s one with contrast and one without and an MRI with contrast
My two year old saw my boobs today after a shower and looked up and said “Sip?” I couldn’t stop laughing. 
This is totally my mom, she believes that alkaline water will stop cancer from growing in her body. 
Kind of funny sorry about that. When I was in about 7th grade she was yelling at me about my grades and basic not doing well in school crap. She went on and on and on about how I would amount to nothing in life without an education and she said “Don’t you want to be like me?” (Now in her defense she gets paid well and is smart with her money, we had a nice house, nice cars and my sister and I were never without because they couldn’t afford it but definitely heard the word No) and I responded “A bus driver?! GOD NO!” My Uncle was there and had to leave the room because he almost died of laughter.  She later tried the same line on my sister when she failed a test expecting her to have the same response and my sister responded with “You’re driving a Mercedes I guess being a bus driver can’t be that bad” 

It was perfect to me and I LOVE bringing it up to this day because both of her daughters burned her back with her smartass comments. My uncle also loves reminiscing about that day 😂
Hospital did nothing and my nurses were awful they never brought any of the medications they said they would and one I actually complained about because she wanted to keep trying to get a vein with a 20 IV... 4 jabs later I was crying and in so much pain I told her stop fishing and get someone else for the blood draw. 

I left without any answers and not once receiving a medication they said they were going to bring in. 
No, the distance has given her less control so I’m not NC but I will likely go LC about it. I did need some family history because my dad’s sister died of brain cancer and I have a cousin who also gets these random headaches and they were asking for ages so I needed her to answer some questions. 
Ask a doctor, maybe they will get through to you. 
Then your dissolving it and consuming the entire dosage while eating the soup, when you take a pill whole it dissolves slowly over the course of time while it interacts with your digestive juices, the soup is only speeding up the absorption process. 

The ice example works again, take an ice cube and obliterate it into a bunch of small pieces and drop it in a bowl of soup they will melt instantly drop a whole ice cube into the same soup and watch how much longer the cube lasts vs. the exact same “dose” in a million pieces. 
That’s not how that works. By grinding the pill up you will have a quick release, more surface area to be dissolved and absorbed (think crushed ice vs. ice cubes). If swallowing pills is to difficult look into liquid versions. 


[For a number of reasons some tablets shouldn’t be crushed or chewed. Most importantly, doing so may result in dose dumping; this is when the body very quickly absorbs a large amount of a drug. One consequence of dose dumping is an overdose of the drug, which can lead to death.](http://theconversation.com/health-check-is-it-ok-to-chew-or-crush-your-medicine-39630) 
Thanks so much! That’s exactly what I’m looking for!!! 
I am so sorry for your loss, grief counseling could be beneficial to the entire family. 
If you use a front loader try using a lighter spin cycle. I found that by the time all of my diapers were being spun to get the water out the ones stuck to the wall were getting holes because of the weight of everything behind it. We stopped washing our regular clothes with the diapers because god forbid a T-shirt was against the wall under all those diapers it would definitely come out with about 6 holes. We do diapers, jeans and bulky blankets on their own and a lower speed spin to prevent this. 
Now I know not to move to TX. 

My pediatrician just sent out letters saying if your kid is not vaccinated you have 2 months to do so or else find another doctor. I was so excited about that. 
My husband is super picky and my parents always make one dish for him (usually prime rib because who doesn’t love that) everything else they make what they want and he finds what works for him. I think you’ve done well for your friend with his well done steak and chips, he certainly won’t starve. 
Hello fellow sick mom! I’m the one who posted about Rotovirus ripping my family a new asshole and esophagus, I’m currently in the hospital for 1. An aneurysm, 2. Multiple Sclerosis, 3. Or some phantom brain tumor that causes everything a brain tumor does except it’s not there.... hopefully I will have an answer in a few hours. I have been up since 7:30am Thursday and now wide awake at 6:15 because the contrast for my MRI tastes gross. 

Oh did I mention they jabbed me 5 times and blew every vein! I’m waiting for a specialist with a machine to find a vein to get a slurpy straw for a needle into my arm so they can get contrast for a CT Scan! 

I hope you feel better soon and get the solutions you need for everything!
What's even crazier is Costco's return policy is so good they likely gave her the money back, while calling her a ridiculous bitch under their breath.
Please call the police and not number listed in these kinds of posts, you don't know the exact circumstances or if the person posting is actually a worried parent or some crazy stalker. 
I was just thinking the same thing, her boobs were tiny when Polly grabbed them when she was first pregnant. 
I have a couple of nieces that would give their right arms to own a shopkins bag! 

Awesome job, they are so cute!
I had the perfect breastfeeding experience. Other than being a new mom and not knowing it could take so long for my milk to come in my son and I had no issues. He nursed like a champ, we never had thrush or blocked ducts, I was never shamed for it (well once an old guy was giving me dirty looks through a pizzeria window so I let a stretched out nipple leak all over the place to gross him out lol), my son would go from bottle to boob back to bottle and on to a 360° cup. 

The hardest part for me was weaning for personal reasons. Son was 21 months and I wanted to nurse until 2 but my pregnancy induced rosacea became a really rough thing for me, I missed my skin and the treatment I needed was the strongest and not approved for pregnancy or breastfeeding. We had a trip planned to Miami for our anniversary and I used that as our last hurrah, I let him have it whenever he wanted and when we got home it was a cold turkey stop. He barely noticed at first but now 3 months later he will ask “Drink no-no?” and I give him a kiss tell him I love him and that no-no’s are for babies and he’s a big boy now so let’s have “tea/water/juice” 

This sub is great and helped me a lot in the beginning but aside from nursing selfies I feel the only people that really post are the ones looking for help.  Don’t be afraid to start because of all the “bad” posts, it’s a wonderful experience and this is a wonderful community for it. 
Manor Deli in Stewart Manor 
I think there are way more important things to worry about in this world than being labeled “lame” because you have food allergies. 

Your time would be better spent advocating for proper food labeling and better options for children with allergies in their school lunches. 

I’m sorry but this is just ridiculous. 
If you know the insurance company you can call and have a copy mailed to you. Also most Doctors can pull a digital copy while verifying benefits and print it out for you. 
Holy shit 
I replaced all my counters with butcher block when I renovated the kitchen in my old apartment. [Before the sink was cut out](https://imgur.com/a/Bp1B1) 

It was the greatest decision we made, my husband was against wood at first but they were awesome, I no longer needed storage for a cutting board and when they got stained or ultra knicked I took a belt sander to them, cleaned up the dust oiled it and they looked brand new. 

The hardest part will definitely be removing the old counters, I also recommend cutting it longer than you need, our contractor had to buy a new slab because it didn’t quite reach the stove and we had a weird gap that would just welcome food and oil to drop down (all the measurements were right I guess it sagged somewhere or something it was very strange). You can plane and sand them down in you need to after it’s on. 

Good luck!
Don’t get me wrong I loved my trips there and I definitely learned a life much different than my warm, cozy technology filled American ways; one of my favorite memories was how our suitcases were always filled with things like Levis jeans and maple syrup, and one year we brought a BBQ with us. I just couldn’t understand why we were flying all of this “crap” there and my mom explained that they were considered luxury items and would cost a ton more there then to just pay for the extra luggage fees. We were the Yanks that brought things to our rural little town, it was like some ridiculous import/export business they were running. This town is so small whenever anyone there hears an American accent they just smile and say “Ahh sure, you must be a ::last name::” it’s such a strange but awesome feeling. 
My thoughts too. My parents left in ‘81. My father HATED the US but when we would visit I just couldn’t understand why anyone would want to live there.  I get he missed his family but my god their house was three rooms two of which shared a fire place and when running water became a thing they couldn’t get it all the way to the house so they built a “kitchen” with a bathroom, no heat no fire place, I don’t know how my grandmother lived there into her 90’s without get hypothermia just showering. 

I also think I couldn’t have lived there because the land next to them was an orphanage’s mass grave, my uncles would never let us kids dig for potatoes, we could only get apples and feed the cows. I think I was 16 when they finally told me. 
Guess my dad was just lucky I remember watching him pour full kettles on his windshield to get rid of ice. Although he did have a pick up where the windshield kept ungluing (is that the right word?) and when it would rain the car got wet inside too. 
I have never cried reading things on reddit before but this one got me hard. 
My parents did this when I was very young. Our day trips were to the beach with a cooler and some different cans and cups to play in the sand. 
Ha ha I remember a few times where my son made a seal with his boogers and nostrils. 
This was my husband. He almost never went to school but on the rare occasion that he did, he just knew how to do what they we’re working on. He would pass tests and assignments with flying colors. The school made him test out or up to a more challenging school (Bronx School of Science) but at 14 years old he didn’t feel like waking up early enough to get the bus up to the school everyday and his parents just said “Ok he can graduate” he stopped going to school at 15 waited a year then went to a community college doing nothing really. 

I’m not as smart but was just as cocky and lazy in school so I did nothing I graduated at the bottom of my class because I just couldn’t be bothered to try harder. When we talked about having children I said we won’t let this happen we will encourage our kids from a young age to always want to be better and smarter.  
OH MY GOD YES!!!! The smell was like something died thankfully the poops only lasted a day or two. 
Oh sweetheart that’s awful! Sounds like your luck is about as good as ours! When it rains it pours I guess. 
You too! I hope your bladder recovers from your ear infection 😝
That’s a great idea! I hate ice I don’t like cold drinks but last night I was chowing down on ice chips like they were chocolate cake with ice cream. My husband even said “Wow you’re in bad shape if you’re actually biting into those ice cubes” 
I like sherbet! My throat is so sore that sounds like a wonderful thing to eat. 
My daycare is $12/hr during the day, could you hire someone to come to your house for the same amount?
I am laying in bed with my son who has been throwing up since 1am with a pretty bad stomach bug that I am almost certain I have now too. This was a nice reminder to not trust any farts or I will have more than just 3 sets of sheets and a million pjs to wash
That’s why I use my work land line for two step. It forwards to a special app on my cell phone so I can answer when away but since it doesn’t forward to actual cel number and just the app I don’t have to worry about someone else answering the call
I left Facebook last year as a New Years resolution, I got hit with a couple on Instagram but thankfully not the overload that is Facebook. I am still wearing the pajamas I bought for the matching family photo, I think that’s hard enough a fat belly isn’t the same as a pregnant one. 
The raw jellybeans make it Kosher again 
Old generation usually LOVES CIO tell them you were just doing what they wanted 😂

Good luck on Christmas without Mom I remember my First without my family and it was hard, but you’ll make it through just fine 
Came here to say the same thing, but the only way you’ll really know if they are different sizes is to compare them to Up&Up
Big plastic one? Take out life’s stress and hot it with a hammer. 
I work from home and had a break in happen while I was pulling and shredding charts that were old and ready to be destroyed.  The cops were trying to figure out why my office was ransacked but they left my computer and other electronics aside. I had to explain the mess was all mine and they likely noped the fuck out of that room as soon as they looked in it, wasn’t worth the potential broken ankle. Although the bastards did figure out how to get a 400lb safe full of guns out of my master closet as well as broke the bolts in my small one that was attached to the closet wall. Fuckers. 
So I don’t shave them as a warranty company but I have bumped into them through my business of appliance repair. 

They are terrible, they often don’t pay and leave their customers so angry and fed up that by the time I’ve shown up they refuse to pay me too. 

I’ve gone as far as to contact them saying we won’t work on their jobs and to no longer contact us. 
That kid isn’t vaccinated, I guarantee it 
I have been doing this since high school. I have also started adding twine from my wedding 4 years ago (seriously the roll of twine cost me $5 and I still have more than half left it’s the best stuff on earth!) 

If I want to really jazz it up I will add some colorful buttons or pieces of old decorations that have fallen off 
So I live next to Disney extended house guest is like a non stop for us.  

I have a picture frame in my guest room that has our address, home phone number (cell service sucks inside the house), Wi-Fi name and password, 

I make sure all the bathrooms are chockfull of soap, toilet paper, towels and female sanitary product (as a woman nothing worse than being unexpected and not at home).

I also make sure the fridge has room Incase they pick up their own food favorites.

If they are bringing kids maybe run to your dollar store and grab some coloring books, crayons, small toys... they don’t have to be cool just new to them lol 

Good luck! 
My son did this whenever he was tired he would always wake up when I popped my boob back in my shirt and he would give me a look like “How could you?!”
This is awesome! 
Actually it’s more like “I got a puppy and it is not getting along with my cats, let me find him a new home before they hurt each other. I hate to see him go but it’s best for all parties involved”

Not everyone that rehomes their pet is some unforgivable asshole, responsible pet ownership involves knowing when something just won’t work. 
I hope to be like your mom one day. 
I never thought of this! Was making fried chicken last night and opened my previously used oil and it was rancid, then I realized I couldn’t remember the last time I had used it. Sent my husband out for more peanut oil, I am going to freeze this one and see how it does. 
My husband is Jewish and we lived in a an area on NY that was either very orthodox Jewish or Muslim and he told me I can always remember “Kosher is Halal, Halal is not Kosher” when it came to buying stuff for his parents (we don’t keep kosher but his parents do).

He also worked with a group of guys once and there was a Muslim man that didn’t speak great English. Everywhere they went he would just say “I’ll have what he’s having”  until one day at a steakhouse DH tells him that filet mignon was not Halal. Poor guy looked like he was going to die, saying “DH you’re Jewish, it’s not Kosher?!” DH has to explain that yes he is Jewish but he is far from Kosher and eats pork regularly. They had a good laugh in the end but DH did feel a little bad for not clearing hat up earlier. 
This is perfect and actually exactly what I was looking for for our bushes/tree lights

I got all 8 strands for $10 and decided to just add my twinkling snowflakes to them and leave the lights steady. Whoever did these cut the plugs off bad ones and tried restringing them with newer different lights so I am thinking of saving a few bulbs from the cut ones as back ups for the remaining 5.  

I still consider myself lucky I got these beautiful arrangements for a steal. 
Did you take this on Dapper Day? If so I passed you a bunch and kept telling my husband I loved your dress. 
They were stacked on top of another box near the door they bumped it moving things around and they toppled out on the sidewalk.  It sounded like a glass breaking sound effect, two plates survived that’s it. 
Food looks delicious but I wanted to tell you I had the same plates for like 8 years before the movers dropped the box of them and they all shattered 😢
You need to discuss this with your pediatrician they are the only ones that can change the diagnosis. It could be as simple as they saw her for a check up and wrote the prescription an imported the wrong code from their software. 

Speak to the pediatrician have them correct the claims and resubmit follow up with Cigna/CareCentrix a week or two later. 
Arthur is definitely my favorite, he reminds me of my father. 
As someone from Long Island half of that could have been left out. South Fork, Suffolk and Long Island didn’t need to be there. 
God I️ miss the Tetons
I had to hard reset both and eventually just set the watch up as new it wouldn’t restore from its back up. 
Orlando, we had a bad drought last winter and I would wake up to blood all over my pillow from drying out over night so I am just trying to stay ahead of it this year. I swear I can hear the air in my sinuses lol
Following this post I was thinking of buying my son a leapfrog but the cost is so high I wanted to see if there was a reason it was better than just an iPad with good apps 
That’s a creative solution, attractive too lol
Thankfully I live in FL we almost never have the heat on in the house, I am just noticing this fall has been so dry and we wanted to get something before it gets worse.

Our HVAC company is pretty useless they have more of a “tell me what you want to do and I will tell you if it works” vs. “we want more humid air what can we do”
Thankfully we do have a drain near the handlers. I will have my husband look into the AprilAire brand 
Did you eat JELL-O or some random gelatin product that was premade somewhere else? If the latter then no one can answer that for you. 
I came here to say the same thing! I am a female and love wearing nail polish and open toed shoes. When I was finally convinced to go to the foot doctor he decided to operate on it right then and there, I was literally kicking and screaming while he injected the anesthetic into my huge painful toe. The infection was so bad I had to have a portion of my toenail removed and the bed killed so it wouldn’t grow back I was on meds for a month after because of blood poisoning and the atrocious infection i let fester. 

I tried so hard to get out of that office before he sliced it open, if he had let me go like I wanted I probably would have lost the toe. I still have the pictures of the post op they are DISGUSTING 
I was definitely trying to circle the differences for these houses 
[This](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00K1LQXWC/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_XC-9zbJR6FVDM) 
As a red headed mother with a red headed son, that live in FL, I feel your pain!! 

People always feel the need to stop me and tell me LO should be in a hat/stroller/umbrella/only come out and night and wear sunblock to protect against the moon’s UV (ok the last one was a joke but I swear it will be said one of these days!)

I carry around 3 types of sunblock in my diaper bag and one is even on the outside like a bottle.  I also didn’t make it to 30 covered in a billion freckles and not know that the sun will burn my skin. Mind your own business people! 

One thing I would pass along though is that dry sunblock was amazing when LO was small and didn’t want to be bothered by me. It comes in like a makeup brush and I was able to just spin click and swipe and cover him fast and I didn’t have to worry about his clothes or rubbing it in.  I still use it on my face for a quick touch up application cause I have bad rosacea.  I LOVE the stuff 
When I was a very new driver I was going to pick up a friend and as turned onto his block I saw a dad and two kids like 10 and 5 bringing some camping stuff out to their minivan across the street from their house. Something in my gut told me there was another kid, and sure enough as soon as I was within 100ft of them a toddler came flying out between two cars carrying a towel. I slammed on my breaks and stopped my car faster than I thought was even possible. Little kid tripped and I lost sight of her, I was convinced I hit her. Mom comes out screaming dad and the two other kids drop everything  and come running, convinced I killed this kid I get out and see her safely in front of my car laying on top of the towel she must have tripped on. I was crying, Baby was crying, dad and siblings were in shock and Mom let out a roar so loud telling the little girl she can’t do that and that she could have died. The dad asked if I was ok and I explained that something my gut told me there was another kid, the mom started bawling and told me that someone was looking out for all of us that day. 
Store is still down for me 😡
It doesn’t fit in with Zero Waste as much but we’ve also done PlayDoh and kids LOVED that. 
My and my husband’s costumes are regular clothes, my son will be a dinosaur but we resell his costumes every year. My son got an embroidered pillowcase freak or treat bag, it’s reusable and small so when it’s full we are done walking around, he’s not even 2 so I guess the full rule is for when he’s older.  I give out Halloween pencils with fun erasers, the kids like them and they also don’t expire so I use what is left over the following year and also since they are food free I can advertise ourselves as a [Teal Pumpkin Project home](https://www.foodallergy.org/education-awareness/teal-pumpkin-project) 
This guy should be euthanized 
The rose lights up too
I posted a picture to my Instagram of my son having a full on meltdown because the label maker he was playing with printed an actual label, he was also 15 months old at the time. 
Yeah that was the warning sign that mama needs tot ale control
Ahhh husbands! 

Mine is useless in emergencies too, he came in with our son who was turning blue after husband accidentally squirted the Tylenol too fast during teething, he apparently paced around for a few minutes before coming in to me. I asked him what he had done and he said “nothing I walked around the room trying to figure out what to do before I came into you.” Jesus H. Christ! I turned son over and whacked a purple loogie out of him wtf would he have done if I wasn’t home?!
These are amazing!!!
Sorry for your loss
You’re doing the right thing!
I let my baby fall out of a car, we also went to the ER doc told us he was fine aside from the terrible road rash. He said if I knew how many accidental infant falls they see in a day I wouldn’t beat myself up so bad. He was very sweet and I thought my husband was going to divorce me over it. 

Accidents happen and baby is okay you’re all going to be just fine ::hugs::
No it’s not a sales tactic for her she straight up believes it. She installed a huge system in her house that disposes the “acidic” water while separating and alkalizing the other water. It’s all insanity to me 
My mom is notorious for this! She is doing this alkaline water thing right now and goes around spouting off how it cures cancer and is basically gods gift to the world. She is insane, I work for an oncologist and my husband’s cousin is one too she cornered cousin the before our son’s first birthday trying to get him to agree to the fact that alkaline water cures cancer and he nicely tried to let her down. He basically explained that our stomachs are so acidic that the minor alkalinity of the water disappears once it mixes into the stomach, he did say that cancer cannot grow in an alkaline environment but our body would never get to that level because our kidneys and other organs wouldn’t function at the alkalinity either. 

She took what she wanted from it and ran with it. 
Just a heads up that Clomid can make you VERY emotional. I was on a several rounds due to not being able to get pregnant for 2+ years it’s a bitch of a drug and I wish someone had warned me about the emotional side effects. I think by the time I was getting 150 doses I was crying all the time. 
Rivers of light is nice but you get corralled into the stadium pretty early and if you leave you can’t get back in so that is definitely dependent on how your kids are, my son won’t do it it’s too boring and you are literally stuck on bleachers and he is not having that. We much prefer Pandora at night but 1.5 is way different than a 3 year old. 
Your kids are a great age for the area it’s very interactive have a great time!
I’m an annual pass holder so that’s a tough question to answer. We’ve been a few times and have stayed for a long time. We have had dinner done rides, watched the drum show and stayed for the nighttime effects, but that’s also happened on a day where we only went to Pandora.  
My almost 2 year old LOVES the river boat ride, seriously i think it’s his favorite ride in Disney, he’s obviously too small for FoP but my husband and I love it and ask for a child swap and just ride solo. 
This is my sister 
We got a laugh out of it. 
Yeah that bothers me. I know someone that posted the foot image and a little blurb about PAIL and I was fine with that, a Facebook picture border is awful. 
No way!
Neither am I. I wear tiny studs to keep my ears open and my wedding band that’s it and I think that’s what made these the perfect choice. 
My 1 year old son licked an iPad in the Apple store at the kids table, the manager noticed and said “If he survives that he will survive everything, we NEVER clean those things” kid hasn’t been sick since.
That’s awesome thanks!
How do they weigh your bulk stuff? Like are you paying for the weight of the jar too?
Currently at home going through my second miscarriage since May. I’m heartbroken and I feel like the timing of today couldn’t be more appropriate after deciding this would be our last time trying. 
I find that huggies are the best for their price. We used Honest overnights for awhile but for the price I found the quality to be awful they were splitting at the seams where the tabs were attached to the diaper itself. Honest had to send me about 3 free packs for the crap diapers I had so I gave up and just did Huggies. Once we learned to aim we didn’t have many issues. 
Where is your son wet when waking up? It took me a long time to realize that Huggies weren’t super fast absorbers so if his penis wasn’t facing down he would wake up drenched, half the pee would get absorbed and half would ride his belly and down the side he was laying on. Now that I actively aim it we haven’t had any leaks. 
I am 12 weed after a mc is May and I have not relaxed everything is too much and while my husband seems to be all over this pregnancy I am waiting for the other shoe to drop and have not been excited about anything nor have I looked at anything we need vs. have from previous child. It’s too much and the stress is unbearable at times. 
A picture of that tattoo would go over well in r/trashy
I was a young teen when the first ones came out and spent a lot of time in Ireland with family and I feel like they were on everything! Like the strawberry yogurt was branded Tubby Custard and my mom brought back tubby toast which was basically round bread lol
I am convinced these two people weren’t captured as much as hey were sympathizers and this went the same way for them that it did for those European girls that ran away to join ISIS
Jiko at AKL was great for that, the atmosphere was a amazing and the food was incredible. 
Poop can change your abdomen size when pregnant... but you obviously still must follow up. I would also ask your doctor about using a stool softener to help you have more frequent poops. 

I gained 4-5lbs post c-section after being discharged from the hospital and my OB could not resist telling me I was “full of shit” and to come back if I hadn’t pooped in 48hrs.  My painkillers had me so backed up I swear that when I finally pooped I felt like I could feel the 4lb weight loss and my skin felt looser 😂
Yes these comments are the worst!!! 

In my experience it has also been those closest to me that said the worst ones, a month or so after my miscarriage my Mom called to say “It’s about time you get working on another one” or how a friend’s husband felt like it was the appropriate way to greet me “Are you trying again yet since... well you know that thing that happened to you” HI TO YOU TOO BITCH, or that time my best friend was visiting and told me about how her period was late and she could set a clock to it so this isn’t good, then two days later when it started she laughed and said “Wow look at how different our lives are now, a miscarriage is good news for me guess it wasn’t for you” FUCK YOU TOO!


Sorry I totally hijacked your post but seriously fuck people, grieve how you need to and don’t be afraid to get a shiny spine and tell people to fuck right off with their insensitive comments. 
She said she would but I doubt it. She didn’t come to my baby shower because she wanted to wait and meet the baby again, she never came then either. She has met my son three times in his almost 2 years of life. 
No its a family trip and her husband went off on a rant about not planning his vacations around other people yada yada yada. I live near Disney it won’t be me they are coming to see. 
She can’t, that would be considered an unlawful eviction and he could sue her, if a divorce follows it would look awful on her. She should call the cops and file a police report that her husband left her kids unattended for 8+ hours while she was at hospital with her sister. 
That’s a great idea, I was also thinking of seeing what other fall colored plants they have out (I live in Central FL) so maybe I will do a few different types and have a truly living tail.  
The post says “Bids start at $399,000” this house will sell for more. 
I want to know what the code was to get the goods. 
My friend gives me so much shit for not putting my butter in the fridge. 
Have you taken into account the other studies that have found inner ear damage/issues in SIDS cases? If so do you still feel that bed sharing is an issue or could the increase just be from the fact that more people bed share these days and therefore there is a higher chance that these babies with inner ear issues are sleeping with their parents and the co-sleeping isn’t actually the main issue.  

Edit: for those asking this is one example of [SIDS and Inner Ear Damage](https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2016/10/161025125106.htm) 

Just Google “SIDS and inner ear” and ton of stuff comes up. 
Totally agree but it definitely happens. 
They kicked in a family’s door because a husband and wife shared an amazon account and looked up backpacks and pressure cookers. 
These are seriously my favorite thing in life!
I am personally against piercing kids ears (until they can ask for it themselves) because my uncle took me when I was only a few months old to have it done. My sister (6 years older) was with me she said I screamed the whole time they then did hers and it was awful.  Growing up people would call me a boy because I hated them and refused to wear them. Same aunt and uncle then got me gold posts that sort of locked on so I couldn’t take them off I lost one and couldn’t get the other one out for anything. We had to go to my Dr. to have it cut off. I did not wear earring again until my wedding day where I reopened the holes myself. 
I’m sure you are joking but my allergist actually told me to take my antihistamines at night. Even non drowsy forms can cause fog and mild fatigue. Once you build up the antihistamine in your system it doesn’t make a difference when within the 24hrs you take the meds and doing at night worked great for me. 
I am on a strike right now. We live in FL it’s hot I am pregnant the smell of them makes me want to die and vomit so until the first trimester is over I will be using disposables. 
Ugh as a mom these situations are my worst nightmare.  I just don’t understand how this can happen. I can’t even sit in my garage parked car for 5 minutes without getting too hot. I am so happy that the little girl is ok. 
Good ole’ Monsey
Thanks I hadn’t heard of that sub, I was referred here by one of my mom subs after ranting about my skin 🙂
Thanks so much!! I am definitely going to check these out. 

The lady that said it was in her 70’s and told me in 2 more years I will look older than her 😢 she tried getting me to buy about 25 products before I faked a phone call to walk away. 
Can I complain about my own mom? We both have real estate licenses and she wants to leave her current broker and join mine. So she asked to use my license to list two new sales she got because she doesn’t want to leave them with old Broker. I say she no problem, but I was going to let my license go because dues are $700 and I just can’t foot that right now since I don’t have time to do RE and I have toddler and another on the way. So we come up with a deal, she will pay my dues, use my login during her transition and I will get no commission on the deal. I tell her GREAT! Works out for everyone! 

Well last night at like midnight she starts texting me that my user name and password don’t work and that I need to stop ignoring her assistant and get out of bed to sit this. I sign in no problem from my iPhone tell her that assistant must be typing he password in wrong and tell him try again, there is nothing for me to sort out if it’s human error. Also assistant never called or texted me and it’s midnight I am not dealing with this right now. She absolutely loses it on me. Telling me I’m only in it for the money and now that my dues are paid I am unwilling to help, to just forget it and she will use someone else’s. 

All while she is going crazy I go in change my password to her name with a number at the end and say try it. She tells me no way she isn’t doing this and as soon as I have the money I need to pay her back. Today she is acting like nothing is wrong she said her assist was at a birthday party last night and got it to work, hows the baby? Like seriously?! You just ripped me a new asshole for something I literally had nothing to do with and flat out accused me of ignoring someone that never actually reached out to me... Piss off lady. I am supposed to be staying with her for a week on Wednesday and my god am I dreading this. 
I love love LOVE it! I am pregnant with #2 and we are talking about buying a second one to use from infant instead of using our Uppababy mesa 
I have the Nuna Rava which is expensive but incredible, it has a pop out to add a bit of extra leg room, stays rear facing for up to 50lbs, forward facing was I believe 65lbs. You can recline it to 5 different levels while it’s installed (hold a button and push back) which was the most incredible thing for us.  We found that LO could not sleep well in the convertible seats because they were basically infant recline or straight and straighter. Installation is a breeze and super great! The seat is locked down hard when you use a seatbelt and hardly wiggles at all.  

We also have a Graco Extend to fit, I cannot remember the weights for that because it’s our spare/travel seat.  It’s alright I find it to be a bit bare in cushion and features but it totally gets the job done. I also don’t think it installs quiet as firmly as the Nuna Rava does. 
I get them SO bad. When I was a kid it was because I would pick my nose, I’d get minor ones and they would clot/scab over and the clots would be hard and sharp so I picked them and my nose was like a faucet.  Now as an adult I get them in the cold northern winters (I had one on a NYC subway around the time when Ebola was a thing and I cleared the subway car because people were convinced I was dying. I sneezed and it was blood EVERYWHERE) I put some Vaseline in my nose at night it keeps everything Just moist enough to prevent the ones when I’m sleeping. Humidifier, lots of water and steamy showers help prevent them long term but the baseline was a great quick fix when they got really really bad. 

Poor kid I feel for her, when I that age it was like waking up to a murder scene sometimes. 
Is she still in diapers? My son was like 6 months old and they needed a urine sample they basically taped a bag to him and closed up his diaper, I nursed him and he peed within minutes. I can also respect there is a a huge difference between a baby and toddler but maybe that could work. 
I do real estate and my husband does appliance repair, we did joint hangers my info on one side his on the other. I did not get a single call but he gets a ton so I guess it’s just whose door you hang it on. 
My husband and I have a significant age difference so we are in this super weird zone of his friends are either DINKS or there kids are teenagers, or my friends are just getting into long term relationships and getting married and have no kids.  
Does she have to sit on the bench? Like what would happen if a few kids were playing and she just joined in? I want to cry because of a bench that just seems cruel. 
So first off I was like "Why does a bra need to be plugged in?!" Wireless has a whole new meaning now lol

I bought bras from Motherhood Maternity they have no wires and clasp at the strap for nursing, they don't give me very pretty boobs but it's better than having them sag down to my belly button all day I also got an awesome one on Amazon but it disappeared from their site and I can't figure out who makes it. 
If the rash is progressively getting worse the two things that will help most is airing him out (no diapers at all for a bit), and possibly switching to a disposable and zinc ointment, it will give him a chance to recover from the current condition as well as give you time to strip and bleach your stash. 
Separate plate apparently the cold pan couldn't fit everything. 
I spicy food one is my favorite! My husband kept telling me to stop eating spicy while pregnant and breastfeeding I asked him if he think Indian women stop eating curry and latinos avoid chiles. 
This is us. Spent an arm and leg and oh my god so much time on a Star Wars themed nursery for my son, he sleeps in my bed and goes in there once in a blue moon to pull crap out of his drawers. #2 isn't getting anything lol 
I'm American and this is basically what my OB said. All I wanted and could stomach eating was turkey sandwiches, she told me go to the supermarket deli ask them to make me a fresh turkey sub eat what I want and throw away the rest. She also said sushi was fine as long as I didn't get it from a gas station and that small amounts of alcohol was ok but discouraged. She felt that Americans (she was British) in particular seem to be given an inch and take it a mile. 
The sofa is side facing all car seats say to never place car seat sideways. 
When we spoke with a couple RV places they said only two companies actually chassis mount the seat belts (everyone else just screws them into the plywood floors) and they all recommended against having kids in seats in an RV and told us to look into TT because it's really just not safe. 
Will you have the kids in the RV while driving it? If so how will you use their car seats?
Not saying there aren't alligators in Disney,  just saying that the water he is in there is more of a pool than a lake, you can even see the rocks on the closer end of photo. 
That's one of the man made lakes water is pretty clear and shallow. 
My son is totally a twister and rod! This is awesome 😂
That's called an intussusception I went through it with my 6 month old about a year ago it was the scariest saddest days of my life. 
Ugh that's even worse!
Right like I'm not saying she needs to plan everything around my life but it just seems so intentional that out of ALL the days and times she says she wants to come she locks in hard on the one week in an entire year that I wouldn't be able to see them. 
I specifically go to a Butcher in Queens NY because he imports Tayto.  
I am in Orlando, FL and would be happy to help in anyway that I can. 

I'm so sorry you are going through this and with such a young baby too!
Yes we got it back two days ago and they just texted my husband to say it should be restored by the 15th. 
They are going for a more authentic look. 
It's really not the same amount of work. If you have a good adjuster he is going to fight hard for you, they know all the back end and loopholes. The robbers dropped a safe on my tile floor and shattered 3 tiles, they tried to depreciate the floor in my house by 80% it was a new build and the house wasn't even 1 year old. He is also still fighting for money for us on things they claimed not to cover/pay. 

All I'm saying is you could do much worse as far as total payout that arguing a better rate, our guy is amazing and would have walked out the door if we asked him to lower his rate. Be happy he lowered his rate to 7% he likely isn't worth losing of 2%. 
I just used an adjuster in FL for a robbery, the damage and possessions was well over $100k we paid 10%.  About 5 years ago I used one in NYC for a small leak that totaled maybe $15k in damage in my apartment and they also took 10%. 
That's awesomeI I'm in Orlando with no internet and LTE is hardly keeping up :(
I remember one of the Samsung watches making calls but it had it's own separate number, I really hope that isn't the case here.
I have to share this story again because it never gets old! 

My husband bought a multipack of Fridababy products after our dog ate our original Nose Frida. Anyway in the pack was a box of Windiis. He thought that the Windii was an attachment used to suck farts out of baby's but with the Nose Frida hose. 
Transformers blowing
I'm pretty sure my fence is about to become a sail. Our side yard is saturated with water and we went out to see if we could brace it but that's not gonna happen so I'm just waiting for the "Swoosh.....BOOM"


Edit: fence is gone. 
Any reports on the surging in Key West?
Agreed, a few people walked past him and didn't say Or do anything. 
Just saw video on Instagram of who I assume is the same video, dog desperately wants to boogie and they are flipping the camera off and getting covered by the waves. Poor dog and kid. 
I am imaging the old couple in Titanic, they were cuddling in bed crying as their room filled up with water. 
I just watched three people walking around it and leaning over the edge looking at the water. I cannot believe people are just walking around like that!
That's so true. My neighbors are either "it's all hype and news, we will have a nice breeze is all" or "board everything up and evacuate to NY"  I'm in SW Orlando area. 
What do the letters in the dots mean (M,H,D)?


Edit: thanks for those who answered when I first saw the picture it was an Imgur link with no key or additional text. I seemed to have comment on the actual NOAA/NHC link. 
OCPS is officially closed. 
Barbuda was being evacuated to Antigua last I heard. Antigua didn't get hurt quite as badly. 
Ok thank you. I will see if I can get a few neighbors to help out. My husband is having surgery and is immobilized for awhile thankfully our community is pretty great.
I have what feels like a ridiculous question but I'm going to ask anyway. 

I live in a 2 story house in Orlando and I am pregnant with a toddler. There is no way I would be able to board all of the windows, but I do have one first floor bedroom that has it's own roof and only one window. I was thinking of boarding up the front window and leaving one sheet of wood right outside the bedroom door that if I lost a window or two somewhere else in the house I would have a "safe" room. 

Would this only work in theory and not actually have any effect on this?

The house was built in 2014 and has hurricane windows. 
You realize that it has been hitting places hard like Barbuda and St Marteen 
They were $799.99 plus tax and they still had some left when I left there about 20 minutes ago. 
Omg is this why the slam the trees down when you're buying them?
I'm in Windermere and the same thing happened here for Matthew, we were out of gas yesterday here. 
Omg that heartbreaking! That poor family, my heart goes out to those people. 
Starwood properties are pet friendly 
Jesus Christ Jose is officially a hurricane, think he'll follow his big sister Irma? 
Costco was only allowing 2 cases per membership cards d they flew through 4 pallets in no time.  This lady is a bitch. 
As someone who lives a mile from Disney World, could I recommend a nice cruise to the Bermuda Triangle instead? 

Edit: I actually just Wikipedia'd the BT and its HUGE and just about in it... any other vacation recommendations for Irma? 
I did already 🙂
I prefer his video to everything else he is fantastic at explaining all of this information in a much simpler way. 
Why are so many news stations down here showing the storm as weakening and being a low Cat4 when approaching FL? My impression from this thread is she is only getting bigger and better. 
Yeah we are planning to bring the patio furniture in tomorrow. I am nervous that neighbors won't be as diligent, I remember for Matthew nothing was cleaned up. We even had a dumpster full of steel rods from what was cut off after they poured a foundation at the end of our block. 
So like board my windows in ORL?
I feel like there is a warning on the tub to not ingest it.
The animal poison control isn't as funny. I didn't know there were separate ones for people and animals so when my corgi ate Bikini Zone.  

Human poison control: "Haha is her tongue hanging out of her mouth, I imagine it's super numb?! So I imagine if a kid is fine the dog is fine but here's animal PC number. Seriously she must look so funny hahaha."

Animal poison control was like speaking to an actual scientist she wanted dogs weight, breed, product size and estimated consumption, brand and lot number (which the dog ate off). I went from feeling fine to so nervous to be told she would be fine, numb but fine and then scolded for being a shit owner. 

Here's to hoping I never have to call them again. 
I figured we wouldn't but I have a toddler and dog so I am definitely being way over cautious, even a couple of days without power would be difficult. 
Follow up question, would Atlanta be a reasonable escape from this storm? I am in Orlando FL so it's only 6ish hours from me. 
When would it make landfall in Florida? I thought original expectation was 9/11-12
Yes totally! We lucked out that it wobbled off last minute just using it as an example of Disney's plan.  I did tell my dad (in NY) that we were fine and only worry if Disney closes, when they made hat announcement he was calling me telling me had to leave right away. 
They closed for Matthew and it wasn't really much of anything here, if this gets as close as they think it will close down, hotel guests will be made stay in their hotels, and outdoor rides will have some damage and need repairs, but I doubt they will be closed for an very long time. They almost didn't close for Matthew at all. 
How many miles wide is this storm? New to all of this and I feel like some models make it look huge when all circling clouds are considered and others have it barely wider than the state of FL just curious 
As an Orlandonian I am nervous 
So my son was an early walker but showed a lot of the same things your son is. He loves his push walkers and would take a few steps holding our hands, we set up his playpen as more of a long run instead of the circle (like one panel on each end the rest pulled straight out like a rectangle). This worked so well for him, he was toddling back and forth between my husband and I for awhile, eventually he was able to get in and go back and forth on his own.  We were able to get rid of it eventually and he would walk to us within about the same distance. I think there was some kind of comfort in having the walls in his peripheral vision. 
This is awesome what are you using to make it?
I was in NY for Sandy it was only a Tropical storm and it killed the city. My first FL hurricane was Matthew and I am in Orlando. I prepped for Matthew last year and everyone was laughing at me, we got lucky but with a new baby and my first storm I wasn't taking any chances, and we got very lucky it shifted last minute. If you have a grill always make sure you have extra propane on hand so at least you can cook and don't let people make you feel stupid, I had two new contractions loose large portions of their roof and neighbor lost some windows from the debris. 
When my son was 16 months old he ate a hotdog from a restaurant that was seriously 1lb and over a foot long the thing was HUGE! He continued to eat all my broccoli and then had a soup cup of fruit for dessert. We could not believe he ate so much, it was definitely a growth spurt but I was shocked he didn't have a big belly when we left that place. 

I'm proud of you LO 🍕🍕
That's what DH and I were talking about today. It is just getting worse 
It's definitely the diapers, i can clean a poop without gagging but if he pees in a diaper it's that like unscneted scent that makes me stomach turn. 
That sounds like one shorty OBGYN's office. I am in the medical field and it is beat into us to NEVER give medical advice, our rules is ask questions take notes and talk to the Doctor. I thought I was having an early miscarriage and my doctor had me in for blood work and ultrasounds within 24 hrs of my call, they also told me if bleeding gets heavier or pain worse go directly to the hospital. 
I used to use Honest but they are like 48¢ each and Huggies are only 23¢ each. My husband was laid off so it's a big difference to me. 

I am thinking at this point I might just go back to using our cloth ones and deal with the laundry. 
I hate the smells of Pampers too maybe I will try Target brand next. 
This was a great video, I really learned a lot about what all these models mean and how they are used to predict these storms 
Could you do "healthy" cookies, like the one filled with oats and fruit and couple scoops of protein powder?
I am an Out of Network medical biller for an Oncologist in NYC and while some stuff here is correct a lot of it is not. 

1: When a Dr. says they accept you insurance ALWAYS follow that up with "So you are in network with Oxford?" and let them tell you the rest. 

2. If this doctor is truly out of network and did not accept a negotiation through Multiplan, 3Rivers or any other third party then they do have the right to Balance Bill you for what was charged vs. paid. Balance billing is only illegal for IN NETWORK physicians (or if a settlement agreement is accepted). If a doctor is an in network physician and they bill $100 and insurance's fee schedule says it $50 that is the max they can collect, for Out of Network the physician can absolutely collect the full billed amount. You are only protected from balance billing in [specific situations](http://www.dfs.ny.gov/consumer/hprotection.htm). Now that said, most doctors accept what insurance pays and if there was no payment made have a discounted amount they will take. My office is 200% Medicare's fee schedule. 

3.  This one I am going to give you my personal advice, wait until a bill shows up from the doctor's office. If and when that happens it's time to speak with their medical biller regarding the biller amounts and what you can actually afford. I would also tell them that you were mislead by being told that they would accept your insurance and that you would have found a participating physician if you were made aware of this. Seek an appeal with your insurance for the uncovered portions, if they did not cover them due to that physician not submitting notes or supporting documentation you tell them you are not paying because they did not do their end. 

Edit: accidentally submitted before completing 
Out of curiosity are you using an Uppababy Tandem? I have one too and that thing is a monster with just one seat on it.  I have to tell people all the time to move or I'm going to run over their feet!
[Never Feed Your Kid Goldfish](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.mommynearest.com/amp/articles/why-you-should-never-ever-feed-your-kids-goldfish-crackers) 

I hate nosey shoppers... but what bugs me more is nosey checkout clerks. 
I got stuck behind a school bus loading kids on the first day back to school, and a dad walked his son up to the door and let his hand go to get on the kid went up one step turned around and ran to his mom for a hug, she kissed his head and he ran back to the bus. As soon as the doors closed and the bus pulled away that mom was crying, and so was I.  My LO is only in daycare two days a week and I miss him so much when he's gone, but momma needs her time too. 
I am in Windermere and Horizons West (windermere/winter garden/Dr. Phillips) is great area to look, lots of young families and it's really developing quickly.  
That was my thought too! Bug net is essential down here. 
The text across the bottom talks about Viserion being killed. 
2. All Spoilers Must Have a Clear and Specific Warning

That's directly from the sidebar, it's an all inclusive community spoiler tags are expected. Without the spoiler tag your image is viewable when just scanning by. You don't need to click to view. 
Spoiler tag would be nice. 
An event like Harvey may call for some TV. It's not easy entertaining a toddler all day let alone in her own house without her friends like at daycare.  A couple of days with TV won't rot her brain, but it might save mom and dad's 😉

Good luck and I hope you and all your friends and family are safe. 
I'm so sorry you're dealing with this too 💛
You were absolutely right to saw something! One of those things ok fine it happens but all three together is a serious sign of a much bigger issue.  I would be nervous about what might have been "fixed" before they got there. Poor baby. 
I just paid them $10 for their "Advanced Result Service" says they give you results within 24 hours of completion, just filled my account with old labs 😡
I wish I could meet Orange Bird! He is my all time favorite I have him all over my kitchen. 
Westin soap is better 
I think him being a control freak is the only real thing on that show.  
I don't think Matt was ever an alcoholic, I think that because of Billy's controlling nature and whole "Browns don't drink" he thought he was.  Although I'm sure with life now and especially his mother's condition alcoholism is right around the corner 
No I don't raise my voice (my mom was a yeller so I try not to especially when DS is around), but I guess asking him what he thought and talking about what I read or saw was annoying him. Going to urgent care felt more as something to appease me than any concern about the rash, which was just a regular viral rash and not chicken pox
Thanks!
Would you be willing to elaborate on why it was the worst decision? I was thinking of having it done at my next c-section but I don't know anyone that did it
>  Source: ~~Friendly~~ cast member.

FTFY
This is totally my plan " A girl will be Star-Butterfly and a boy will be Cornelius or Ebenezer middle name Starbuck for either gender"
Oh yes because personal hygiene and a solar eclipse that happens in a place where 75% of your time is spent outside is the same thing, also what about all the international travelers that arrived today... I'm sure the U.K. and Brazil keep eclipse glasses on hand. 
Thanks! Hopefully there aren't a bunch of blinded tourists 😉
Military. 
I've taken a few tests and they are positive, but I'm too scared to get excited yet. 

Edit: I started bleeding yesterday, I went to my doctor this morning and due to last period they estimated 5w2d and when we looked in all we saw was a thick lining and corpus luteum nothing else. They took blood and want me back in on Thursday for more, I am pretty sure this is another early loss/ectopic. 
I am quickly learning.. I told my husband we can each  keep 7 shirts, 2 shorts, 1 jeans and a nice outfit for weddings and parties I am burning everything else. 😂
You should really find a hematologist and have them run a series of tests.  While rare False Positives happen and I know first hand that tests get mixed up and mishandled.  Some labs require HIV eats to be spun and then frozen mishandling of a test can lead to misleading results (in both directions). I have also seen a test me mislabeled where they write initials on a tube to add the label later and staff in a rush to get out puts the wrong label on, there was a case in a hospital I worked in where a young girl was diagnosed with leukemia while in the ER for something else, hospital was found at fault they mixed up the vials from another child and the family found out because her regular pediatrician felt there was no way she had no other symptoms ran her own blood work and everything was fine. 


I would personally retest, get the kids tested and then if results come back the same address the issue.  You can destroy you marriage by accusing him of something that could be wrong. 
This is the one task with one kid and another on the way I will never get ahead of. 
Are you still taking the pain killers? I was given Percocet for my c-section and LO was always sleeping because of the pain meds, I spoke with pedi and stopped taking them and he wasn't asleep nearly as much. 

Although my sister #2 was just a sleepy kid she did all natural and that baby was asleep 24/7. 
HA HA HA HA I might just use third if someone is pushing hard
We are taking public transport because the traffic and parking will be a nightmare
My husband just received the same letter on eBay although his message had better formatting than yours.

Anything come of this?
I would tell him the truth after that I didn't have the edible and we planned on wilding out for this concert so he knows it was an idea (he actually just asked me 10 minutes ago if we should see what his friend has now) neither of us are drinkers and in the 8 years we are together weed use can be counted on one hand so it shouldn't bother him. 
I'm scared to tell him and lose it again. We lost the last one at 8 weeks (the day before our first scan) and with the shit show that is our life I want to protect him if it happens again. 
I've done the mocktails thing before, I was at a wedding for my last pregnancy and I found the bartender gave her a $20 and told her if at any point myself or anyone else orders a poinsettia (normally a mimosa with orange and cranberry) is ordered its for me and please make it virgin, it's also such a random drink the likelihood of anyone else ordering it was rare. She was awesome, she made it with sprite, cran and OJ and when a friend ordered it instead of me she poured the champagne from a closed bottle.  The beer can/bottle thing has also worked for me before because you can give it a little shake to show you have plenty. 
I didn't know I was pregnant until this morning so the moving thing was just bad timing. 

Yes I will keep the baby we had a lot of issues getting pregnant the first time and then the miscarriage was played of as "you know this could happen to you" so it's wanted just bad timing. 
Can you go to a Quest or LabCorp to do it? That's where I did mine and they gave me my own room with two recliners and a tv and it even had some of those typical doctor office toys for people with kids. 
I have a son that is belly button obsessed. If something happens and it stresses him he is immediately messing with it, it's also an innie and is always pinkish red from the constant digging. When he nurses he is like 3 knuckles deep in mine and it hurts so bad! 
Sorry I wasn't trying to say it was impossible just more inconvenient than the possible benefits especially when on a vacation. Good luck. 
Honestly it might be worth just using disposable, the water will be so different (especially if the are off a natural well
In the "country") you might need to strip them after and/or use additional products to change the water. 

I personally haven't used cloth diapers while in Ireland but we traveled there a lot as a kid/teen with my family and I remember having a few things like jeans and sweatshirts just never be the same after washing them there idk if it's soap or water or both, but I did learn not to wash anything I loved over there. 
I remember back in high school there was a kid who seriously had no common sense at all, like he was a nice kid but just dumber than a bag of rocks. Even he was smart enough to know that gas + smoking = a bad time. He pulled up next to me at a light when we were both driving to school and told me he let the pump run over and he spilled gas all over his car and asked would it blow up if he lit a cigarette, I told him probably not but better wait until he is out of it in case there was gas on his clothes. I feel like if he was smart enough to think that far ahead everyone should be. 
Wait a minute they were driving around with a propane grill with the tank attached and burners open and she thought smoking was a good idea?! 
Solar City did a home in a community near me that is 100% self sufficient. I'm pretty sure I even saw the terms "off grid living" in their write up about it. 
Me too it's the exact opposite of my life problems lol
I am not sure, we tried for 2 years for S and now with this miscarriage I am very scared to try again. I have accepted that if I only have one he is amazing and that's okay with me, that said I don't not want another.

I am not sure if that makes any sense at all 
We have a dog that gets a lot of medical treatments 😩
Yes car work would be perfect! Wait until his under the hood and poke him hard.  Or even better throw and ice cube down his ass crack. 
Another way to find whole milk Greek is look at yogurt meant for toddlers. Baby's and young kids are supposed to have whole milk fat and low sugar that's what we do and some of the flavors aren't a sugar bomb either so it's a nice change. 
Looked at the rest of the listing his cellphone photos suck. Every room is way too bright that you can't even tell the color of the walls or floor in some. 
My kitchen cabinets are dark (think Espresso finish) and my dining room is more of a dark cherry so I was think for resale purposes I would do dark cabinets like the kitchen but with glass doors so that it doesn't fully limit someone else in getting cherry furniture. I also saw a picture of a wine fridge in place of one cabinet so think we will do that too. I will also do my best to match our kitchen granite because I really do love it. If we can't I will stick to the same colors (salt and pepper). 
I'm 80% that column is load bearing, because in all the house that opted to not have the wall it's still there. 
I LOVE the first one! These are great ideas thanks!

I like the idea of keeping the wall because my sectional bumps up on the other side. 

Now I guess the next question is do I match the cabinets to my kitchen which is just the left of the walkway 
My mom used to do stuff like this all the time. I was at a sleepover for someone's birthday and we were in her basement so I didn't have service on my cell phone she showed up wrangler their doorbell and made me go home because I couldn't be trusted. She also used to drive around looking for me I will NEVER do that to my kid it was so embarrassing and people stopped inviting me to stuff. 
Oh man this is something I would speak up about my niece has a horrible peanut allergy and I am her biggest advocate and also a crazy lady when we have events to make sure I avoid allergens. 
Such great examples! Thank you! 
🍺🍹🍷🥃🍸
I e lost count, his forehead corners almost always have a new or healing bruise.  As long as nothing cracks, he doesn't throw up or cry he's fine 😉
I know it an option and I tried using that option and it didn't work. It's fine though I fixed it by using a different driver. 
My husband had this issue, they swapped his set out when he brought them in and showed them how they did everything but connect calls 
That didn't work, if I tried printing just one page or chunks it was trying to print the whole document from the beginning. 
It looks like it was an issue with the PCL6 driver, I went to PCL5 and now it's printing with no issues. 

Our EMR support is useless, they don't know how to do anything.  Once when I asked for them to fix a bug they pasted some other office's information in and everything we did was populating the information for some foot doctor in North Carolina. The language barrier was so bad that this guy couldn't understand that we were not apart of Dr. SOSO in NC and it took them 2 weeks to figure out what went wrong. 
Unfortunately it's not a PDF they are huge .docx file.  It used to print through Notepad a few years ago and I never once had an issue then the EMR updated and everything is through some form of Office and it has been awful, nothing prints or imports right.  It will look good on the screen and then when you print or god-forbid save it as a PDF nothing is where it was. It's a nightmare honestly. 
I actually just downloaded PCL5 after hearing PCL 6 can be pretty useless with large documents. Fingers crossed

If he likes it make twice as much! Even less cooking during the week 😜
I have an 18 month old that doesn't let me eat breakfast either because god forbid I turn my back on him for 30 seconds to crack and egg in a pan he is climbing up there barstools and crawling across the kitchen island. 

But last Sunday I meal prepped 8 breakfast burritos.  Each one has Chorizo, 2 scrambled eggs, slice of Colby wrapped up in a tortilla and frozen. I microwave them while my keurig drops a coffee and I scarf it down as quickly as I can without burning my mouth... it has worked so far and will likely be my new breakfast. 
Nope wasn't even that good [I very page was just a different picture](https://pjlibrary.org/books/shalom-book/if00788) like a fish or cat and the word Shalom... that's it. 

That book sounds very nice, my favorite is Passover is Coming, my son LOVES 1-2-3 Purim. 

Also if you want more Jewish things for kids look into Kid Kraft's holiday toys, we love them. 
They sent one book called Shalom, and that's all the book said on every single page it was the worst book ever! Other than that we like most of what they have sent especially the holiday based ones.  Have fun reading to LO
They aren't all amazing books but my son loves a few of them to the point we read them everyday.  They also let the parents choose one book for themselves and send other little gifts and trinkets (luggage tags and a piggy bank this year) 
My therapist once said to me "If you feel like you aren't doing it right for Son then you're probably doing just fine. A bad parent wouldn't notice or care and the fact that you think about it is already a tremendous step in the right direction for you and Son" 
I have an appointment set for 2 weeks from now, they are slammed with all the physicals for school :(
I was just rewatching the series and came here to answer this but I was beat to the punch.
Blowing on my son's face worked when he was younger than 12months now we kind of shout his name and it breaks his concentration on the silent screaming. When he is doing it because he is hurt there is no breaking it so I try to rock/bounce him out of it. 
Stay on top of it and try to get ahead of it and you can break the cycle! I would also use this to help you kid(s) understand the importance of being healthy. 
That's good to know although I'm thinking of cutting him off cold turkey lol
There's something in the water!

17 month old has been an absolute terror since getting a cold. We thought it was an ear infection and let him watch Bubble Guppies (on demand only has 4 episodes 😩) and now he is straight up throwing tantrums for it! We took a road trip two weeks ago so he knows we can get bubble guppies on our phones too so between the TV's and phones he is straight up screaming. I have been letting him throw his tantrums and walk away but my god they turn so quickly!
Grand Teton National Park/Jackson Hole
Mine were 40 days, 50 days, and this last was 28 but the bleeding lasted 8 days which is longer than usual 
I'm so jealous, my son pooped on the floor while I was in the shower. 


So she has a police report (detective was an asshole and kept saying "So when did you open this account?" Trying to catch her in a "lie").  

The credit agencies also won't release her free annual reports because I am certain that her security questions actually contain the theif's information, for example: In 2012 you lived in what County? None of them  are where she actually lives but one of them is the county where the neighborhood that showed up on the fraudulent bank account. Is the identity theft website you listed above, a way to get around this? 

I am going to email all of these links to her now and help her get started. Thanks so much!!
This is what I have, we don't use the seat cushions but I did buy extra straps and tray covers and we wash all of it in the dishwasher 
I used those for awhile but then my sons realized it became a game of whether or not he can yank the whole thing off before I can restick it lol. 
Be people think I'm crazy that I have a travel size all purpose cleaner in my diaper bag and wipe the table down before kiddo eats. People are animals. 
I think that's what I need to do. Just let it be and see what happens. I have started temping or OPK's since the miscarriage and I think I've been avoiding them on purpose. Husband has been asking about ovulation etc. and the only way I really know it's happening is because my nipples randomly hurt for like 3 days when LO nurses, I just don't tell him that anymore. 
I'm actually in therapy and she is a wonderful woman and I think she is trying to help me see what my heart really wants but with all of life's other bullshit it's so hard to find the truth. 
When I was really young I was obsessed with eating chicken legs and I wouldn't give up the bone after I carried it around all day it would be picked clean and dry.  Well one time when visiting an Aunt's farm in Ireland I was admiring all the animals and a chicken stole my (recently finished) leg bone and ran off with it. I stood there screaming crying about my chicken being eaten by the chicken. The adults found it very funny and took lots of pictures of me and the stolen bone melt down.  My dad said they tried to get it back to prevent the chicken from eating it but she wasn't giving it up so they just kind of hoped for the best... I still remember that day because a dog knocked me in a puddle shortly after it was not a good day lol. 
I wasn't entirely sure about the Facebook thing, she emailed me saying she noticed I hadn't joined the page for new members and I told her I don't have a Facebook only an instagram. She wasn't happy and asked if I would create one, I said no I don't have one for a reason and I'd like to leave it that way, I offered to use my dog's old account or my husband and she said no it must be me and active. I think I dodged a bullet. 
I think you misread the post like I did, local chapter is willing to help it's the IO who told her look for something else. 
I was kicked out of a Meetup Mom's group because they only had events 9-10am.  I am a WAHM and was willing to play around with my schedule to get to an event but then our swim instructor had to change our lesson time to 9:30am because of a route change.  When I asked if the group ever does lunch or afternoon meet ups because swimming is conflicting I was told "You've been blocked from viewing our events, change your swimming lesson time or find another group.  Also if you do change your lessons you must make a Facebook page to join now because we want to know who everyone is and what they do" Fuck you lady. ✌🏻
I have called my 16 month old a dick to his face more than once. It's so ridiculous that it usually makes us both laugh because mommy was mad said something then he smiles and I melt and we laugh together. It does get easier but not all at once.  They stop doing things and pick up new things but you are able to address more with them the older they get. Mine still pulls all the pots and pans out and hits our dog with Swiffer products but he is also learning hit her and it's gone and it now takes him longer 
Your sister would hate me. I whipped it out and nursed my 3 month old while reading from the Haggadah at Passover. Everyone was like it's ok we can skip and I told them all "Nah we're good he's eating so I can eat when we're done, so keep reading." 
This is the second Uber post I've read tonight that says they are switching to Lyft 🤔
By 2 he should have about 50 words, according to my pediatrician half of those will only be understood by you.  My 17 month old has always been "behind" on communication because he has been a rockstar with his motor and fine motor (he was walking well by 10 months). Our pediatrician is amazing and has always explained to us that one of the skill set is always a little behind and that as long as there are some words and he is engaging us when we say his name or he smiles and gives kisses he is doing fine. Some kids just learn differently, my niece never said a word to my sister by 2 and she was convinced that she didn't speak turns out she was always listening to the adults and her older sister (4 years old) felt she never shut up. 

If you have major concerns discuss with your pedi but I'm sure he's doing just fine!
I am not on the BDSM sub
HA HA HA!!! I already know this will be my son 😂 thanks for the laugh lol

I actually finally got through to someone he basically told me no to the big Kelty backpack because they had a few kids get their heads conked when a tall parent was wearing them but that the front carrier is no problem at all. 
All amazing tips!! Thanks so very much!
I used the blue one and it still curled up like crazy. I am thinking of wearing down the stickiness before making my sister's cards. I read that washing them with soap and water helps make them sticky again so maybe I will give that  shot when I am done with her stuff

Thanks for the help!
I agree. I enjoyed laughing at them and their ridiculousness but this is very sad to see
I wouldn't rule someone out for being conservative and private, priests have molested kids.  I'm not saying it was your boyfriend but I wouldn't write someone off because they are conservative. I think a child therapist is necessary at this point he is checking off a lot of concerning boxes, I also think a therapist would know exactly what to ask to get the right answers and if it isn't because of sexual abuse would know the best way to explain to him about privacy and when things are and are not appropriate. 
The second guy was probably my dad, he was doing this for a long time and when we all caught up to him a lot of shot made sense 
October is my favorite time of year down here. We are AP and live a mile from Cinderella's castle and we definitely spend the most time at the parks in October. It's quieter, food and wine is on and in a better swing/organization.
I am on my second since my early loss and it's still bright and way heavier. I would never use a super tampon before and these last two I have leaked through them in about 2 hours. I have also noticed my iron levels change since then, I am exhausted and can't eat enough red meat so I am just hopeful this all corrects itself soon enough
Thankfully we are leaving for vacation Friday so it'll be more than a week for me. 
I have a friend that had her daughter in "I'm proof my mom puts out"

Although I did have him in "I vant to suck your boob" for Halloween, so maybe I'm no better. 
Ami looks AWFUL! I just saw she was only 52 my 97 year old grandmother that lives in the countryside of Ireland looks better than her. 
Thanks I feel much better in my decision to just leave.  

As for the No-No's, at home when it's just us and he knows he will be able to he likes to add a little finger wag and smirk, I have no idea where he learned that wagging your index finger means no because I have never done that but I crack up every time. 
He doesn't rug sweep but we also don't confront them on much because the gaslight and just outright lie (they would seriously argue that he sky was green if they felt like it). They are in their 80's and now that they don't live with us there is less consequences for not addressing issues. So I have taken the approach of if I don't see them this week that's fine too
I would never leave him alone with her she can't even get off the couch on her own no way I'm trusting her with my baby. 
It was not cheesecake when we went it was a soft mousse inside a shell and all it tasted like was food coloring. We asked what it was and the first person said cheesecake then someone else came over and said "No it's a mousse they are trying something new" must not have been very popular if they went back to cheesecake. 
That has never crossed my mind! Oh man you're a genius! 
That blue dessert was awful when we tried it although we've heard they changed it since we went (soft open) the chocolate one was amazingly delicious! 
These kinds of stories piss me off the most, my mom is always trying to give my niece (peanut allergy) foods. While she isn't trying to give her foods with known peanuts I don't know how many times I have had to tell her that if my sister says No the answer is No. end of discussion move on and stop trying to give her food. 
I'm the opposite I have received the Varicella vaccine (chicken pox) like 6 times and still don't have immunity. 
When I was about 12 I accidentally mixed ammonia and bleach in our tiny basement laundry room. It was an insanely small room with no windows and I remember choking and gasping for air, for whatever reason I decided to crawl out of the room and down the hallway, I passed out on the floor and came to when my dad woke me carrying me upstairs. I still have no idea how long I was out and I'm probably lucky my dad found me, I also know that I will always tell my kids to never mix cleaning supplies. 
More details would be helpful
My husband saw me poke myself in the eye because I didn't realize I was missing a lens in my glasses (I was trying to wipe off the "smudge"), he also calmly told me to relax when I was crying in bed about not being able to find the other baby (we only ever had one). Sleep deprivation  is cray cray
I think we were his last batch.

[Wood Chuck](http://woodchuckswoodworking.com/index.php/skills/rockers/) 

I'm pretty sure the Bantha was a custom one of a kind he made for someone. He is an adorable man and we brought our baby with us to pick up his rocker and they asked us to please send pictures when he was old enough to ride so every May the 4th we send them photos :) 

He made the chairs in the background of the Taun Taun picture. 
Count me in too! I have a [Taun Taun](https://imgur.com/a/g82dV)  that was made my an old guy in Ocala, FL 

I'll have to find someone to make me a Bantha too 
I actually feel like I have been getting even more since I started reporting them, almost like they know I am opening the emails and not just junk/deleting them
I just forwarded them everything and did the abuse@mac.com... I can't believe how bad it has been the last two days, my husband also had his Outlook fill up with a bunch of Chinese events because there was an invite in his iCal inbox.
Just so people know that's about $156 a month
What kind of jobs are expected to be lost? Secretaries/Administrative or Nurses/Doctors or is it a combination of both?


I just got into an argument about the with my mom, I told her I am giving up my job in the next 6 months or so.  

Husband and I opened a new business and I work from home doing medical billing, I have basically become the CSR for our business as well as my 9-5 she told me to use daycare and hire someone to answer our phones, that would be more than what I make in a year (at best the same as my salary), why the hell would I pay someone to watch my kid all day and run our business so that I can work for someone else having a steady income that isn't going to pay any bills because it's going to be paying for childcare and an employee.  I eventually just said "Ok mom whatever you say" 
Fill his shoes with baking soda and put them in the freezer overnight (try and get them in a ziploc or double grocery bag tied super tight), it kills the bacteria in the cold and the baking soda helps get rid of the smell. Tell him go to a Dr. get that shit treated and start wearing socks! I'd move out over something like that, I have also thrown away my husbands keens (closed toe Sandals) when they got too bad. 
I went to L&D  because I thought my water broke after taking a community walk to look at all the Christmas decorations... nope I pissed my pants, nurses were nice and told me it was trial run for the real thing. 
I too have a belly button self soother, on really rough days he uses my finger to rub his belly button. I swear the belly button is more likely to wake him then stealing my nipple back. 
Husband takes over so I can go which is usually 9:30am so during breakfast time. 
We loved Robeez in the beginning but I did have some thicker shoes for more appropriate times like Disney or a mall (the suede soles totally transfer liquids). My son was walking at 10 months and now at 16 we are barefoot at home and wear shoes similar to Keenswhen we are out (we live in FL socks won't be worn lol)
Yes!
I FORGOT ABOUT THOSE!!!!
Are they multi-packs and one is gray with like cheetah print/dots? 
Ugh I want to hug you both.  I know exactly how you feel there is nothing worse than holding down/watching your child scream while medical staff perform tests.  I sang silly songs to him and made silly faces but nothing worked, I also ignored them when they said he couldn't nurse (6 months old) because they weren't moving very fast (seriously more than 2 hours for an X-ray to be reviewed with us) and didn't have him on fluids so he was certainly getting a boob. 
I used an alias after getting married, seriously simple solution. 
My husband got me a personal trainer for Mother's Day (i was offended, we talked about it, miscommunication, might as well use it) and I have actually kind of enjoyed it (don't tell him 😉).  

I am always comparing myself to others and gave myself a pat on the back when I realized I was lifting/pulling/using much higher weights than the people before and after me. 

When I started I was using 120lb assistance on the pull up machine and am down to 90lb and I couldn't do one push up but now I can do three sets of about 8. 
Holy cow she was incredible!!
Conflict free is almost impossible to prove, [you never know what you have. ](https://thenextweb.com/insider/2017/05/01/shady-online-diamond-dealer-proves-conflict-free-is-no-guarantee/#.tnw_VwJpWiWR) 
So I am in a new community (last 14 houses are being built now) and I can give you a more personal perspective. 

Unless your price is low it's going to sit.  It's really hard to sell a "used" house at top dollar when they could go down they block pick their lot and all the fixings. 

I have had a resale on my block that has been listed for over a year because they are WAY too high to compete with the newer ones. They even tried renting it with no interest. We are in a highly desirable area, new schools that are slated to be the best in the state.  Our community started in 2012 and the resales have had some pretty bad luck, our friend bought a resale and will like make $50k once these last 14 homes are done and sold. 
Uppababy Vista carries three (one standing) for about $1200 brand new and there are tons for resale for a lot less 
Yes the sharts! We kept saying shady was bound to be LO's first word lol 
My LO had watery/slimy looking poops he only had seedy ones when he had gone awhile between them. His poops also sounded like old wet farts, he also pooped 3-4 times a day. I would say monitor it if it changes a hunch call your doctor otherwise she should be fine. Color could have a lot to do with the type of breast milk she is getting, too much foremilk vs. more hind milk. Creamy to seedy to almost like adult diarrhea is normal and yellow to light green to light brown is normal as well.

I am not a doctor but my son had an intussusception we learned a LOT about poop and vomit at that time. 
My mom never believed me when I was sick.  I woke her up one morning at like 3am telling her I felt like someone was stabbing me on the back. She told me go back to bed or go to the hospital but leave her out of it, I woke her trying to get dressed to leave. Since I had already woken her up she decided to come along for the ride but still had me drive even though I thought I was dying. We got the hospital and I was brought back immediately because I handed them a urine sample full of tiny blood clots. We go back and she goes missing she sat with some old woman a few rooms away while I was pricked and poked and wheeled away for imaging all while she was sitting with some stranger. I had a really bad kidney infection and was actually admitted to the hospital, she left when they admitted me. 
My boss spends a lot of time in Israel and I haven't been able to ask him if he watches it lol my husband loves it and Ahmed and Salim 
Do you watch [The Shtreimels?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IG0FB-bZuoU) 
Congrats!! Entry level in healthcare is the best place to start let's you decide where you want to focus your efforts within the field. I went from waitressing/cooking to being a part time filing person for a well known surgeon in NYC, from there I want to managing a high end physical therapy practice with 5 locations from NYC to Miami, and now I work from home doing medical billing for an oncologist. It's such an amazing field and I never would have done it without that first job of literally making copies and putting them in charts. 
HOLY SHIT MIND BLOWN 😳💨

[Octonauts Wiki](http://octonauts.wikia.com/wiki/Vegimals) 
TURNIP! 🐰🍠
I have never heard of billing a patient for discussing care (on the same day) I think your provider is looking for a loophole to collect a copay on a visit that is normally waived. 
Is this why OWGV always smelled like weed? 
Just found her on Instragram and I am convinced she stinks
I want to see more and be reminded of high school
This is hysterical 
Thanks, great explanation 
Poor thing, is it something that could be treated by a vet or not really? My only experience with foxes was looking at them from the window in my grandmother's house in Ireland 
Why will it die?
I want to buy this house, and I haven't even seen the inside. I think it's great, little shaky at bits but I think it's great. 
😂😂😂
Omg that's scary!!! One of the child tethers was a wrist to wrist handcuff setup and they should not have used a man in the picture because he has a super creepy look and it's looked more nefarious than safe. 
I did the backpack because I felt like I would get him used to wearing that sans leash and then try to sneak it on 
I sometimes question of our dog is well behaved 😂

I feel too that the leash allows kids to develop their walking skills better and actually get exercise instead of always sitting down.  I know logically it's the right thing it's the shameful stares I am dreading. 
Can't recommend this stuff enough! We use it on EVERYTHING! Dry skin, diaper rash, scraped knee, red nose from wiping away boogers, if it involves skin (adult or baby's) we slap that shit on!
Husband and I argued about whether or not it was typed, the envelope was the same but ran a little because it got wet.  
Ronan is my son lol
I feel for you! My husband and I are I the whirlwinds of life. He was laid off, sliced open a few times looking for cancer, started a new business, kicked his parents out of our house and dealing with a bold and brave toddler. 

We had to have a come to Jesus talk, I was working my (telecommute) 9-5, doing CSR for the new business and caring for the baby, not to mention that my weekends were spent doing errands and cleaning a house I just couldn't stay ahead of (seriously my closet floor is where I dump all the clean clothes) all while he spiraled down the rabbit hole.  I was on the verge of a nervous breakdown and with the help of my therapist came home and told him enough is enough.  I am an amazing woman but not Wonder Woman and need help. He took over cleaning and caring for our son while I work then at 5:00 we kind of switch and he does what he needs to do like physical therapy/gym and minor business things like payroll and organizing the schedules. 

He had no idea how bad I had it because I hadn't said anything for so long, he really thought that I was fine meanwhile I was losing chunks of hair in the shower from stress and drinking a ton of coffee to help me stay awake.  That said hints are still not perfect but they are better. You can't assume she knows how hard it is on you if you don't tell her. 
[My text with my sister today](https://imgur.com/a/Ag7GX) 
Thanks, I have definitely given in and nursed just because it was easier but I wasn't sure if I was doing us both a disservice by doing that.  I think that this is likely a developmental bump and I should just hold out as best I can.
[My first thought ](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/015/319/do_you_want_ants.jpg) 
Oh man you just made my day! Car is probably best since we have a toddler but I am dying to see an alligator not in a tank at EPCOT's living with the land. 
I still have not seen a real gator 😢 
Sketchers Work make great non-skid shoes in a ton of different styles. I have bought them for waitressing and cooking in kitchens. 
What is it?
😱😳😱😳😱
12 definitely old enough to have known better. 
So basically trade in the hearts he got back for my stamina? 
I think that you might be right, I am pissed can I slap a kid for this... I am now going shrine crazy to get orbs to get my stamina back... I already had 15 hearts I think I have two new ones now >:(
How do you plan on safely traveling with an infant in a class A?
I am so so so sorry. ::hugs:: 
I dug through the comments it's some kind of baby yoga invented in Russia, this looks like child abuse and I would absolutely report someone if they posted themselves doing this. 
I think this is perfect. When he handed me the three envelopes this morning I really thought the long skinny one was a plane ticket to see my family out of state, he said "I wish we could do it together but that isn't possible". When I opened up this cheesy shiny postcard from the gym saying I have 15- 30 minute sessions with -insert trainers name here- to better my health I almost cried. I was able to utter out a "Thanks I have to finish getting dressed now"  and walked away, I would have preferred nothing over this. 
I want to believe this but he made us pepperoni pizza bagels for dinner, and said "these were good and cheap looks like we found a new lunch" 

I do appreciate the fact that he is likely trying to help me but I also feel that 1.  I am not super unhealthy (I ran a 5k last month) 2.  I have been losing weight on my own and I am already lighter than I was pre-pregnancy and I have not displayed any dissatisfaction with my progress or it's length of time. 3.  I do not have time for something like this I am working two jobs to make up for him losing his and this just felt like another wifely duty he expects me to do and I would much rather take a nap or play Zelda to unwind not figure out how to squeeze in a gym session between dinner and bath time. 
I know he meant well but I was crushed. 
He goes the gym 7 days a week
He even told me about this water system I wanted and how he thought of a "much better idea".  I would have preferred the water system 😕
My husband handed me a gift certificate for a personal trainer. I did not ask for or ever want this. 
I just read this, thank you.  I will look into her book as well. 
I wonder how these people felt about Honest diapers have a feather print as well as little French bull dogs in berets and striped shirts saying Le Woof
I'm not alone!!!! Lol 
This happened to me with a new company that makes wood watches when ordering a Father's Day gift . I paid for expedited shipping and realized in the confirmation email that I put my sons birthday in wrong 2-16-13 instead of 2-13-16 (I think I did that because husband's is 2-6) they had no phone number. I immediately replied to the email telling them if my mistake, their website said no returns for custom products.  By the time they got back to me I was so upset, I tried to see if someone on had had a baby on 2-16-13 and wanted a really nice wood watch that said "Dad Est. 2-16-13" people tried to make me feel better but I was crushed. When they sent their last email saying sorry but that's policy I responded saying "Ok thanks I understand and this is obviously and expensive lesson learned to always check your work, hopefully my husband will understand mom brain and we can fill it in with wood putty. It would have been fixable had you just had a customer service phone number"  They changed their policy for me said that because I sent the email within 1 minute of receiving my confirmation they would replace the watch and take into consideration adding a CS phone number. I will be buying men gifts from them for as long as they are in business, thanks Treehut!

That said what she responded with was SO unprofessional it's ridiculous, I think the better way to handle this would have been to do the charge back after sending her back the package. Personally I would have spent money on the shipping back and kept the tracking number to show that I sent it back, it was a mistake and I want my money back. 
My LO would do this with the dog we'd find him standing in the corner glaring at her and grunting she would be sitting in the corner desperately trying to break eye contact with him. 
Have to agree, when I was on clomid all CB's would give smileys no matter when I used them in that cycle, Wondfos were by far the most accurate of all the tests I had tried. 
I would show it to Guest Services, they would be happy to know that this is happening. While disappointing to an adult this could be devastating to a child. 
[The genius we need but don't deserve ](https://goo.gl/images/xGL4NY) 
[This](https://imgur.com/a/FxJCX) so the round thing in my other pics gets shoved into that large opening and plugs it up so then you can flip the bottle over and suck it out with the syringe. I was dropping the whole syringe into the bottle to suck meds off the bottom. 

Edit:  [Like this!](http://store.apothecaryproducts.com/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/6/7/67007c_12.jpg)
He asked me what I thought it was for I said a lid so they wouldn't poke through the storage bag. 
She was probably trying to do it like me, you drop the entire syringe into the bottle and suck it up like turkey baster, watching my husband push the stopper in and fill up the syringe AND see it was mind boggling. 
Without the round thing didn't it all leak out?
I was going to do ground meat tacos, chicken fajitas and then lots of snacks chips with queso, salsa and guacamole.  It's just the ground meat that seems to be throwing me. 
I learned this when I made taco filling out of ground pork it had so much oil it was awful.
Home Sweet Home
I usually do too but was just wondering if letting it sit was better. 
Holy shit this guy is like a mile from my house and I see him all the time never knew he had a YouTube account. What a douche
Last year was my first Mother's Day and I hated it. We went to brunch which is normally my favorite thing in the world but we had to take my MIL too and doing anything with my in-laws is a chore, I swear to god I have no idea how they are even alive because basic things seem to pass them by. I have also always gone above and beyond for my mom and sister, sending gifts and cards every year and I don't know why but I really thought they would have done something for me but they didn't even call me. When 5:00pm rolled around I called my mom to wish her well and she said "Thanks, but I have company bye" I was crushed. 

I don't think this year will be any better DH lost his job this year so I have been adamant about no gifts but I know he won't listen and honestly it's likely to be something expensive that he actually wanted and will use this as an excuse to buy it for "me". 
Just did two shows there recently, upstairs left is the best way to go!

Drink before you go it adds up fast. 

We only Ubered one night and we waited long enough that I sat down on a bench attempting to sober up, so try and order ahead of our can. 
Yeah we live next door (our house shows up on the map in their app when we look at all of Walt Disney World)  it was SO worth it. 

$30 total (Dad got his cut too) and we had a photographer, the ears, the out all the hair in a little bag with pixie dust and give a certificate. I am going to make a shadow box with everything. 
This guy had spit on my car twice I wasn't about to roll my window back down lol
I lived in Queens NY for most of my life and we are known for our horrendous traffic. I was driving a shitty car and some asshole rode the lane up and tried to cut in front of me through the striped part of the exit lane.  I wasn't having it I honked and started screaming at him. His friend leaned out the window and spit a loogie (spelling?) on my windshield.  I should mention here he was driving a Mustang that had all sorts of modifications to it.  Well my car was shitty so I didn't care about dents as much as he would so I creeped up the ass of the car in front of me and left him no room so his friend still leaning out the window spit on my car again, I reached for an open 32oz bottle of red Gatorade and launched it at his car, my throw was faster than their power window and that fucker exploded on impact.  It was like someone shot that bottle mid flight it was EVERYWHERE, inside and out.  Spitter was soaked and his shirt pink from the juice he tried getting out of the car to come up to mine so I panicked locked the door and threw a handful of change at him from my sunroof, Spitter started screaming I was a crazy bitch and retreated back to the car, they pulled throw the shoulder and left the exit ramp.  

Car behind me was hysterical laughing and cheering it on and I realized at that moment I had temporarily lost my mind but it's still one of my favorite stories lol. Traffic in NY is a bitch and you don't mess with someone who has been sitting in it for over an hour. 
[my sons firsthaircut](https://imgur.com/a/DaW9H) 
Hello! Mama of one 14 month old crazy man! We cloth diaper for day disposable at night and trips out of the house that will take longer than 2 hours. We live next to Disney so I vaccinate as soon as we can (we go to Disney regularly so we see a world of germs lol). We love Applegate and Annie's products in our house and my son is WAY healthier than me lol
No this weekend is the Dark Side Half Marathon weekend. Fri 5k, Sat 10l, Sun Half Marathon and people run all three days and get a special medal for teh Dark Side Challenge.
Looks good! Thanks for this, it does feel like 2/3 of our posts here are "I want to be a biller..."
No but I live like 10 minutes from them.  Home, shower and breakfast before work (I will totally be a few minutes late lol) 
When I lived in NYC I had a garage spot so if someone was coming with a car I told them where they could usually find parking and would pick them up there and bring them back to my building. 
My son's first word was Art, because Artoo (R2D2) is his favorite thing on earth. I still don't think he knows who Mama is. 
This is great! After reading a lot of these I asked my husband if he would have felt it was less creepy had Eddie been a girl and he said not at all.  Like I stated earlier I am a very "my space in mine" and I think my husband is too (not as bad as me though) and that maybe he was projecting some of his own discomfort into the situation as well. We have decided that we will definitely address Eddie and his parents if necessary. 

We will always advocate for him and speak up when he cannot and also need to take his cues for what they are but we also need to realize other kids/parents are different and we need to adjust for everyone as necessary. 
These were all my first impression too when reading the situation. It was my husband and Uncle that made me feel different about it, although had I seen the hands under his shirt I probably would have said something to him about personal space and also that LO doesn't really like that. It also doesn't help that I didn't witness it first hand. 

I am happy to hear from others with kids that this is normal for that age and that if it happens again that talking to Eddie's parents or even himself (in an age appropriate way) is the right thing to do. 
Thank you for reaffirming that it is likely innocent (but still unacceptable).  I became concerned after they told me he bit him because that is something LO has never done and I honestly think he didn't know what else to do.  
Nothing is slower than Farve going for a touchdown! I take your comment to mean it's not operating as intended 
I feel like we used to notice a difference when stopped at the Turkey/Sand lake light but lately not so much. 
She did not take the lid off of Her brisket because you should never open the vessel that contains brisket until you're going to slice and serve. The lid is how all the delicious magic happens. 
Sedar is a quick stop store near us that clearly I type more then the correct spelling Seder lol. Modified this recipe from Pioneer Woman's Pot Roast and its been a huge hit this was my first time using a slow cooker instead of a Dutch oven and oven.  It was successful though! 
I did soup last year but this year I was so busy with work I made lazy soup (frozen matzah balls in chicken stock and store bought mirepoix) on the stove and saved the big guns for the brisket lol. 
LOVE your username!
2lb brisket, bunch of carrots, 2 onions, 3 cloves garlic (smashed), ~5 red potatoes cubed, 1qt beef stock, 1C red wine. Low for 8hrs. 
I think Bay is a little naive and gets herself into some truly avoidable situations but I cannot stand Daphne. Daphne is an entitled self absorbed person, she always thinks that her feelings trump all and justifies all the ridiculous crap she pulls. 
I have no advice but your post reminded me of one of my favorite [little drawing](http://8b7a91801591cac4b290-abbac3ca2ecec271a197a4cd05b43329.r61.cf3.rackcdn.com/probiotics-vs-antibiotics.jpg)  
So so so so true!!! I would say something too, someone like that can destroy a firm. 
OMG that is awful! I am so so sorry that they treated you that way. I work in healthcare and I think that would have infuriated me more than anything else. I am so sorry for your loss ::hugs:: 
Everyone has been amazing!! Nurse is like 8 months pregnant and has been extra sweet to me I'm trying to stay positive so I have been joking with everyone. Laughter is the best medicine, they also are not so busy so they have been lingering to chat with me when they can. 
I came because it's pretty excessive and painful and I had a hematoma for my first pregnancy that put me on bed rest until the bleeding stopped, this is much worse than that one so if it's not an mc and is that again I would want to know either way. Also if it's that again I will likely seek out a specialist because my last OB was really terrible about it (and just in general too) 
I was a real estate agent and what they did is so awful and unprofessional.  Anyone that is using a secretary as a scapegoat on emails and in front of other agents/team member is so terrible.  We refer to ourselves as a team for a reason and she will not carry a great name for herself conducting her self in that way.  So sorry you had to deal with someone like that 
Logical and useful cargo shorts, my husband not so much. His tie on the inside like our son's baby pants then have a button, zipper and belt. They look like they are two sizes too big because teenagers like stuff like that (I guess) I just want him to have like adult clothes lol maybe if he owned some other options I wouldn't mind as much lol
I LOVE Dickies, they have that super functional and slightly more hidden cellphone pocket and just don't look quite as bad (in my opinion)
From NY but now I live in FL.  My large family always said it's to prevent young kids from saying mean things about a repeat gift or being very excited about an expensive gift and tossing a cheap one to the side. 

We've just always felt it causes less drama to open nothing. 
I agree that only showers are when gifts should be opened, I hate that kind of attention and for my bridal shower asked for "Be a dear and wrap it clear" and my baby shower I opened stuffed because baby stuff is cute lol. 

My mom pulls shit like this all the time.  For my son's first birthday as we are walking out the door my hands full with baby and balloons, bff is carrying cake my dad and husband have decorations she asks me for an envelope. I tell her there is a brown paper bag on table with valentine's cards just take on if those she puts a check in it and tells me I need to open it right now, No bitch I need to get to the restaurant and set shit up so it's ready for all the people coming for his birthday. I told her put it on the table and we would open it later, she was furious! Oh well today is about grandson NOT you! 


I need this dress in my life!
I didn't even think of the local college, thanks for that! We should be a here's minimum of 5 years, I wasn't planning on starting from seeds, will it still take that long? Our house in NY was built in the 20's and the wisteria and dog wood were probably both that old. 
I babysat a little girl who sent herself to time out when she did something she wasn't supposed to. I'm still very friendly (little girl was one of my bridesmaids) with the family and keep asking her mom how she accomplished that one lol. 
Hold on to this one.  One day dad will do something and you can just respond with "Yeah well you at breastmilk eggs, guess we're even"

Unless he's like my dad and that day will never come because he is just too nice lol 
Yeah people don't think... your due date is my mom's birthday lol
A friend had adopted a baby and she was sitting on a bench feeding him  and some stranger actually stopped to say "You should really breastfeed him it's better and will also help you lose the baby weight" she was so hurt and looked so defeated and my mom responded back for her "She is doing just fine with her son, too bad you'll always be a nosey bitch" 
Always remember that fed is best, formula or breastmilk concerns come second. That said, you are a super trooper for working this hard to try and make breastfeeding happen for you and your baby but if it's this draining on you both there is no guilt in stopping. 

Has LO been checked for a lip or tongue tie? This could address the bad latch issues and make nursing much easier if it is he problem.  I am also assuming he is taking to a bottle well so have you tried a nipple shield? 

I had a tough start with my son too and he was started on formula at a pediatrician visit for the same reasons.  What worked for us is:
1. Nipple shield it was large and firmer than my flat nipples and really gave him something to grip, as he got better with this I would pop it off towards the end of a nursing session and he got much better at nursing directly from the nipple. After a few weeks we stopped using it. 
2.  While he nursed on one side I pumped the other we would then switch half way through. This helped me develop supply so much so I dealt with an over supply later on, which turned into a pretty great freezer stash. Also I couldn't do supplements because they gave me horrendous heartburn but I did start eating a lot more Indian food and it helped me a lot (fair warning though you and baby can potentially both smell like maple syrup through sweat and urine.) 
3.  I joined a lactation group at my local hospital they did luncheons on Mondays and it was amazing to have a large group of women help give advice when we hit road blocks along the way, like my son's horrendous reflux and a woman who showed us a small tube she placed down her breast and towards her nipple which gave her baby formula while being latched to her breast (thing was seriously cool!)
4.  Lastly and what I think got it going for us was coalescing. I was able to nurse him and sleep at night my husband would wake up at first when we started doing this just to watch him and make sure he didn't suffocate under my breast but eventually this is what saved us all, sleep-food-family snuggles. 

I hope you find what works best for you but know that the fact you are worrying about him and looking for all possible ways to care for him means you're doing a good job. 
My mom told my sister that the mashed potatoes she was feeding her 10 mo the old were very bland and that she should season them better.  Apparently my mom was eating baby's breastmilk mashed potatoes. 
"I love my dinosaur" is my son's favorite book he even makes silly sounds when it talks about roaring and singing 
This is great! Thanks so much, I have a lot more researching to do! 
So love your nails but that Artoo, what is it? My son is OBSESSED with Artoo (I swear to god his first word was Art) 
Thanks! I don't have a Facebook but maybe my husband can sign up for me 😉
Thanks so much!!! 

The reviews online are like polar opposites "Greatest thing ever made" to "this thing is a hunk of crap and waste of money" 

I have always wanted one to make custom wreaths for my door and friend's doors I have gotten creative with dollar store finds, sales at Michaels and JoAnn but it would be amazing to be able to print and cut some custom things. Especially since I live in FL and our seasons just don't match the nation's and corporate's idea of decor lol 

I think I have found myself a birthday gift to myself lol
You said your daughter is 10 anyway she could tell you the name of it? I am sure she knows where it is and even if she butchers the pronunciation of it a doctor would be able to figure it out.  Try not to alarm her about it just tell her you were talking to her pediatrician and you are both looking to get her the best stuff for her cold. 

I find it very alarming that he won't tell you and it was definitely smart to call CPS even if they don't make it out for a check there is a record of it with them as well as your pediatrician.  Also most "expired" medications are usually just weakened not actually spoiled like food that has expired, so if she was given an adult dose of an old med it's likely to just have a shorter half life and less potency (I work in healthcare and my cousin is a research physician for AstraZeneca) 
Ha ha we are opposites I cloth diaper and bought Sprout pouches of food because who has time for that 😂
Congrats! Little dudes are amazing and don't be afraid to admit to your pediatrician that you have no idea what you're doing with little boy parts.  I have said on more than one occasion "Sorry my only experience is with adult ones and they were always attached to someone that could take care of it themselves" she thinks it's very funny 
You and me both! I don't think he will necessarily notice but I have a feeling DH and I will 
Holy cow those were some tough questions!!!
As an agent (in NY) it's something I would likely point out, but that's also coming from living the situation and I can definitely see myself saying something to point it out but I am not an agent here yet.  When we looked at other places it was definitely something I had noticed and liked this house didn't have one but had most of the other things on our list so it won. 
It's a 5 bedroom 4.5 bath house. Built in 2014, ~4,000 square feet, same house across the street sold for $525k with pool one up the block no pool is listed at $550k.

We will likely be here another 3-5 years.
Why do they keep adding second releases for current items?! I would have ordered a red one at the original release but if I got one now I would be screwed for the next iteration release.. when they did this with the watches it pissed me off too. 
She is using you until she finds something else.  End it and move on. 
I saw that one too it's a 2008! That's insane!
And the Darwin Award goes to.....
AMANZING!!!
My husband has never seen the Cat in the Hat but can sing the Go Go song because of me
Fuck these people. There isn't a punishment strong enough for assholes like this. 
His nickname is Sharkey 
The app didn't completely refresh after we looked at Weather for NYC 
It actually wasn't I think it didn't fully refresh after viewing weather in our home state of NY, once we hit refresh it corrected itself
Thank you for this, the couch was about $1000 at Costco so I feel like somewhere else it would have been a lot more. It's a beautiful piece and I think you are right in saying it deserves the love and care of a professional. 
It's one of ten made by a guy called Charles Bowman "Wood Chuck" in Florida. My best friend bought it for us I also have two "Timeout" chairs that he has done with Luke Skywalker and a Stormtrooper cartoon on them
Thanks 😊
Don't stress it! I was feeling this way about a bight a couple days ago and after talking to my friends I was laughing and saying "oh that's it?!"  
I am the exact same way.  For me it's that I know I don't have a filter when I am drunk and that I also care WAY too much about what other people think of me.  I dread saying or doing something stupid and being judged for it by those who witnessed it and then them thinking of me differently. 
[we did this](http://imgur.com/OfVsH7V) we have a light saber for it too but he goes nuts wanting to play with it so we took it down. We order this off Etsy. 
I'm struggling with this right now, the guilt and anxiety from a couple of nights ago just might kill me before my next drink will 
Clipping their finger/toenails on a subway.  Actually almost all personal hygiene should be left out of your public commute. 
Why didn't he lock the door? I work from home and hide in the closet in my bedroom when I need ultraquiet for calls. 
In their defense a marathon is HARD and I wouldn't even come close to completing one. Bear was first out of their shitty 3 lol
Nope and HDR was off as well. 
I have really bad floaters, there is also one really large one that every 3-5 month comes around front and is almost like a cataract because it's kind of gray and blocks a decent point of vision for me. I thought I was getting cataracts and had my eyes checked that's how I found out about my keratoconus and the Dr. said he could see the floater and that it would eventually drift away or sink if it gets any bigger.  Eyes are weird lol
It was taken on a 7Plus and it was only this photo that has this weird secondary lining (?) around the stroller, trees and baby's head. 
They are great and AAG is great at repairs/cleaning if anything happens.  My niece colored on hers and they cleaned it up all while we waited (in a store) 
I did not get to take pictures I was more concerned about cleaning it all up before my toddler came through the kitchen looking to "help" I think I have the flap of skin (I cut it off with a shears because I didn't know what it was at first) and label in the trash though. Garbage day isn't until Tuesday so I have the whole bird in a drawer by itself wrapped up like a biohazard. 
Rhain, spelled differently, she is going to become a Brown. 
I make cornice board so I have a TON of batting. The issue with the feathers is the bags that they are in are so misshapen that the couch looks droopy.  I am going to moving it into a different room in the house that will have it less abused by kids, I just love it too much to let it go. 

I will definitely check out those two companies though.  
If your scalp is still burning use alkaseltzer mixed with some conditioner (this is really just to get it to spread) it will neutralize your scalp and stop the burning, my salon uses it with hair dye and sensitive skin. 

Sorry this didn't go how you wanted. 
Yeah but it rubbed in pretty well.  I didn't use desitin it's stuff called Phytoplex that they gave us during a hospital stay, it was pretty good lol
I have to admit my skin feels all right and the silicone could make it a decent primer 
Apparently his butt paste contains 24% silicone 
This wasn't an accident though 
I wanted to wait and then we had our house broken into and about $100k in damages and stolen property. 

When we went in for that ultrasound I just wanted something to be happy about. The tech was so sweet she heard us talking  about insurance and police and was asking us about names we were thinking of, we told her we could not agree on a girl's name.  She asked if we wanted to know and we really couldn't decide so she continued on with the scan and when we decided we wanted to know she said "No need to argue over a girl's name because you're having a boy" 

I didn't tell anyone that we knew though lol but I loved telling strangers like the lady at the DMV or TSA when flying to visit family, it was a lot of fun.  
There are no words. 
It looks so European to me lol

Looks fantastic and those shoes 😍
[I found this](http://americanprofile.com/articles/why-did-regina-stop-using-sign-language-on-switched-at-birth/)
Look for abnormal heart rhythms and then a secondary code indicating it's cause by alcohol abuse. 
We asked people to please give us Amazon gift cards to help us get a [Foamnasium](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00XPHY22C/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_PeETybA3MBA6S)

We haven't set it up yet but judging by how much he loves climbing on the blow up mattress and couch cushions when we have guests he will be THRILLED. 
There are a few things hat annoy me about Regina, like the whole signing thing I understand that signing letters to spell it words could be painful or damaging for her but thank you and sorry are really no more work then just talking with your hands which she does a lot. She is always pushing for the wrong things and sticking herself where she doesn't belong (bringing home that rape counselor) she wants to be a big sister to Bay but get motherly respect. 
This is amazing!!! Thanks a million
And it's only $14!!! Oh man I have to get it! Thanks 😁
I had the Skiphop one that folded up super small held like 2 diapers came with a skinny wipes container I kept a sample size thing of aquaphor in it and when you unfolded it it was a changing pad. Can't find it ANYWHERE and I am so upset. 
Why would someone have a party like that at their house and advertise it to complete strangers on twitter? I can't wrap my head around this one
I have always felt that bad kids=bad parents. 

I have several friends that are adopted and my husband is as well and honestly they have some of he strongest child-parent relationships I have ever seen. The only person I know that is adopted and wasn't a great person, had two of the worst parents I have ever encountered and their two bio kids weren't that great either. 

Don't let some scary stories scare you away from adoption. 
Your baby is basically going to sleep and nurse in the beginning, get the vaccine. It isn't going to have any effect on your bonding with him. 

My baby was critically jaundiced and we did skin to skin 24/7 while he wore little goggles to protect his eyes from a bilirubin blanket. Nothing came in between he and I getting in all of our snuggles. 
Yes please!! 
It's a Meetup group they actually don't have any rules posted and I don't have a Facebook to go on their private page. 
OOo that's great!
We are southwest 
Yikes. What area of Orlando are you in?
It's crazy to me and I just can't understand why it's so big here. My breastfeeding group had a lot of them, and it was something they were almost proud of. I had a woman ranting about poisons causing autism and all sorts of strange stuff to me at a meet up because she assumed since I breastfed and used cloth diapers I was one of them (lol) I shut it down by telling her "I'd rather have an autistic son than one that died of measles" 
Thanks! I decided to DM the mod and ask her "to the best of her knowledge" I also said I'd hate to join, develop bonds and then have to stop attending based on health. 

Now I wait. 
I don't think any of these kids are getting laid (except maybe Bam since he left) they seem very inbred, although Rain is so much prettier and normal than the rest of them I think she might be an out of wedlock baby for Matt or Bam and was taken in as a "sister" because Ami and Billy couldn't let someone from the family slip past. 
When my milk didn't come in and our first (shitty) pediatrician was telling us we had to use formula I called my sister crying asking if she had any left in her freezer, she didn't but a cousin did and before we finalized how to ship it from NY to FL for me mine came in. I didn't even think twice about getting this kid some BM 
Maybe I should try a necklace, as of today he is biting me everywhere he can and has also started biting my husband.  I have given him a ton of options but I guess having to carry them around is too inconvenient for him lol. 

Thanks for the recommendation. 
That's not entirely true. Some ACA plans will remove the difference between states and list it as "Non-Covered".  When I enroll as a participating provider I am agreeing to participate in the geographical fees for NYC not every state that company has insurance in. for us NY is a much higher paying state than NJ and I have seen (particularly with Horizon Blue Cross of NJ vs. Empire Blue Cross Blue Shield)

Billed Amount: $500
Allowed: $200
Non-covered: $150
Adjusted: $150 
Patient balance $150

It works the same way as a non-participating Medicare physician. Some payment is made and accepted but the physician has the right to bill an additional amount but it is limited to only what the state of care would have received not the full billed amount. 
Honestly, in my opinion that's fine. But people like my mom take this stuff too far. I know my mom would forgo treatment (at least at first) to try things like alkaline water, brown rice and kombucha. I work for an oncologist and we promote any healthy choices, alkaline water is way better than Diet Coke, just can't have people thinking it's the cure.

That aside, if it helps your mom and she likes it for ~$1,000 you could get her a filter for the house it's good for something like ~5,000 gallons. My mom had one installed. 
Basically. 
So all water is somewhat alkaline because it would eat through pipes and concrete etc. From what I've come across when reading about it is if it's sold on a shelf in a PLASTIC bottle it usually winds up a little acidic because the CO2 breaks down. If you get it in glass and do a lot of running it can help slow it through your system and help rehydrate you but it isn't the cancer curing magic water people make it out to be. 

My mom bought a very expensive filter for her house and in my opinion it tastes awful! 
OMG my mom believes the alkaline water one. She asked my husband's cousin who is an oncologist saying "Alkaline environments lead to cancer being unable to grow." He responds with "While yes that's true..." ::insert smug bitch face here:: "... our bodies are incredible.  The kidneys want our bodies to stay at 7-7.5 pH so even if the water could change our body to become more alkaline our kidneys would work harder to get it back to a 7. Also our stomachs are a pH of 2 so even if you only drank alkaline water as soon as it mixes with your stomach acid maybe that changes the stomach to a 2.2". Once he realized she was offended by his opinions he stated "but drinking it wouldn't hurt" 
Depends on the policy you have. I see this a lot with NJ insurance and my NY based doctor. People live in NJ have NJ insurance but work in Manhattan so try to see Manhattan Dr's their policies pay at NJ rates since that is where it is. I have also seen plans where they cannot see a doctor in NY unless they get preapproval. You would be on the hook for the bill, this is why reading the fine print is super important when choosing policies. 
This worked when he first started teething but now it's like mid suckle he just bites me hard and expects to go back. I had tried so hard to not react but the last time actually caused me to scream from pain and he had blood on his lip like a little vampire or something 
Glad it wasn't anything more :) but always best to see our Doctors!! Thanks for the update I was actually thinking about you today because I am starting to wean and I am nervous my LO will always smell the milk. 
Yes, we used Sprout. After doing a lot of reading Plum Organics and Organic Gerber were not as good they used a lot of fillers like pear and Apple. Sprout was one of the only companies that had just what the bag said so if the bag said Sweet Potatoes, Cinnamon and White beans the ingredients was the same with the addition of water to purée it, the only exceptions to that is if they used a term like Harvest Vegetables to save space on the front. They also have great coupons on their website. 

I'd say by 8 months he was able to feed himself with the pouch. 
We did BLW and purées when we needed a more convenient option. Our son was never confused, food was food and he ate what we gave him. He did reach an age (granted it involved about 4 teeth) where purées were just not an acceptable texture and we then went to soft veggies like cooked carrots and broccoli etc. 
I know, unfortunately it's a pesticide and a secondary cream, and doc says not approved at all. They also think that weaning will alter my hormones again and could help with the condition 
It's posts like these that make me want to keep nursing my 12 month old but it also means pushing of some medical treatments (totally non-life threatening things)
Hide it in one of the cabinets, what husband puts away dishes? Also be sure to mangle up one side a bit, gives it that real authentic look. 
Cats give people ringworm?!
He looks like a White Walker from GOT
You will not change her mind. My niece has a peanut allergy, she's 5 and my mom still doesn't get it. She uses powdered peanut protein powder, my niece doesn't go to their house and if she does she doesn't eat or drink a single thing, because who knows if that apple was washed and then dried with the same towel that wiped the peanut butter powder off the counter. 

If her mother cannot support her decisions to eat the food she wants to eat to feel better than your gf needs to do what she has to do for herself. 
How old is your SO?

It sounds like she is at an age where she should be taking her dietary needs into her own hands. She doesn't HAVE to eat food that makes her sick, she can just say no. 

If mom makes Hamburger Helper, then SO should make herself something. 

If mom is throwing garbage into her cart then SO should buy her own food. 

It's not easy but if these foods make her sick it needs to become her priority to protect herself and obviously her mom doesn't care. Some people can't be changed or convinced. 
Hmm, mine was at my hips and I found I was always at like a 45° angle at the hips when changing him. Maybe they made some changes I got mine for my shower which was well over a year ago. 
My baby changes when I put new pajamas on him for bed, or if we are going out to a restaurant (he's 1) because he likes to walk around there. 
As someone on the other side, the changing table on this is a bit low.  I am 5'3 and using this full time broke my back by 4-5months.  If and when you can (especially as baby gets bigger) buy a changing table that is high enough you don't have to bend at the waist. I wish I had figured out what was causing all that pain much earlier. 

Other than that this thing was a godsend, my son is 1 on Monday and still walks around with the sound/light box
Nuna Rava, it was expensive but one of the most amazing seats I have encountered. I absolutely love the ability to recline it while baby is in it asleep.  I love that it goes up to 50lbs rear facing since my 1yr old is almost 30lbs already. 

I have an SUV and finding a seat to fit when husband or I were driving was tough but the Rava has been AMAZING 
Announcer: Next time on ABP, could the Brown's be given the hauling job of a lifetime? 

Billy: This job could be everything for us! All we need to do is deliver these Windturbines to ::insert Alaskan Town here:: and they are going to let us keep the extra one. This is what Browntown needs to become our perfect home, we NEED this!

Announcer: Will the Browns complete this job and become closer to their dream... tune in and find out. 
Because they have don't have enough money for two oars
I really needed this, thank you 😅
At least I'm not alone!
Me too! Didn't even come to my inbox lol
Must have missed that, I even skimmed the rules before hitting post 🤦🏻‍♀️
I think this as well. I feel like Arthur is so lost that anything out of his ordinary is just truly shocking. Passover with Solimans was a good selection of that, he just sort of froze during the lamb slaughter. 
Elizabeth is in my thoughts tonight.  Suicide and depression hit very close to home for me and I hope you and your family are able to find peace soon. 
[Disneyland](http://www.webmd.com/children/vaccines/news/20150316/low-vaccination-rates-likely-behind-disney-measles-outbreak-study)

We live near WDW and I was all about vaccines ASAP for son.  We were not taking any chance AT ALL!
You need better pictures.  The house looks abandoned and dirty. One room has bad stains (or are they burns?) in the carpeting and another looks like the floor is separating from the walls. A wide angle lens would help the kitchen look much better and bigger.  Spending $300 on professional pictures is much better than automatically lowering your price $10k
Yes and lately it is kids songs from Elena of Avalor. 
I range from GC to SG with my nMom, depends on where she is in her cycle of crazy. What I have noticed is that moving far from them has helped me be able to be in touch by setting FIRM boundaries. 

For her to see me means she must come to my house, which mean MY rules. I am not afraid to say No or tell her to cut the shit when it's my turf. I think that she knows his and has realized when she crosses a line (like trying to tell me I need to invite 7 people to my son's first birthday that I did not want to be there) and I stick to my guns the more she fights it the less she will hear from me.  This does not protect me from snide comments or pity parties but it keeps them at a minimum. 
That probably would have given me a legit heart attack
[Order one of these](https://www.google.com/search?q=hospital+crib&client=safari&hl=en-us&prmd=simvn&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiLjvzs-fvRAhWnsVQKHYf_A9oQ_AUICCgC&biw=414&bih=628#imgrc=_) just kidding, tell your neighbors to pipe down there's no such thing as a quiet apartment building. 

I dubbed our upstairs neighbor Lead Feet because he sounded like someone was walking around up there in a diver's suit with actual weighted boots.  He also used to use a wood char as a walker at night to get to the bathroom across the apartment with all wood floors. His caretaker also thought vacuuming at 6:30am on a Saturday was appropriate. 

Oh one more funny story about Lead Feet, I hadn't heard him walking around or watching TV in like 2-3 days and knew that his care taker was only there on weekends so I got scared he died and made the Super go into his apartment to see if he was ok, he went on vacation to see his nephew in Pennsylvania 😂 
Personally I'd rather be in a room with a camera and use a nursing cover than sit in a bathroom... but I am a germaphobe 
As an Irish-American wingeing has so he my favorite word to use when baby is cry-whining. Husband is Jewish and he says kvetching this poor kid will never use the word whine. 
Omg squatty potty is the greatest invention! Bought for pregnant poops, a year later I'm still using it 
Before we had our son my MIL was similar with my nieces, she wanted pictures all the time and bought them presents, she only ever saw them at Christmas because my mom invites the whole world to Christmas dinner.  Thankfully it never got much stranger than that and the girls didn't seem to mind much because it was just more presents lol. 


So we live in Central FL too, do you have the annual pass to Crayola? We were thinking about getting one as something to do on rainy days but would love a hands on opinion!
They must have an office you can do that in instead of a bathroom 😕
Love your nursery!! And we have the same furniture 😁
Cooks of Dublin in Disney Springs is the best fish a chips, but I don't think they have mushy peas. 
I can't speak for the Orlando/Dr. Phillips location because it only just opened up, but Gyu Kaku is great! We moved from NYC and it was by far my husband's favorite restaurant. It can be cheap or expensive just depends on what you order. Everything is brought out raw and you cool it on the table grill. It's a fun experience and the (NY) food was always amazing. 
ICD would not be the same, this would include Z11.3 Encounter for screening for infections with a predominantly sexual mode of transmission, if it was part of her annual it would have been billed as Z01.4?? last two would indicate whether it was done because of abnormal findings or not based on examination. (Most likely Z01.419 if they were just running the STD test off of a standard Pap smear sample) 
I'm shocked those accounts haven't been deleted by now. 
I'm pretty sure that's why my husband wanted me to go with a friend and not the two of us, he knows if my first big night out was with a sitter I'd be texting every hour and logging into the cameras lol
Going to my first post baby concert next week. Leaving DH to play with babe and I was planning out my super cute outfit and was excited for drinks. Just realized this will likely be me.

Heels?  Nah let's wear chucks

Smoke a joint? Nah I'll be groggy in the morning, maybe just a beer instead.

Late night eats? Nah I should probably get home before babe realizes I am not in bed and screams until I get home 

Oh well still a night childfree 
HA HA HA ME TOO! Every time my mom comes to visit I'm either book her tickets for her (she forgets she sent me a picture of her CC 😈) or
Make her send me the confirmation email to "add to my calendar"
Peakyblinders is a great replacement for SOA 
Prolactin blood tests? More than I can count, they also did an MRI of my brain to make sure it wasn't like a big tumor causing things to go whacky. 

I was a slightly different situation though, I was mid twenties not having periods, wasn't getting pregnant with the use of clomid (even the insanely high dosages). They decided to check my brain because my levels weren't THAT high but it was causing a lot of havoc on my hormones and I guess better safe than sorry. 

We did nothing to treat the elevated prolactin, I was given a bunch more testing and some low dose hormones to have me ovulate, had an HSG (basically an X-ray of my uterus and Fallopian tubes to check for a blockage) and the doctor said to me "The fluid is basically sugar water and can feel sticky when it comes out, but I hope it makes you extra sticky in there" and it did, I got pregnant that weekend. 

My endocrinologist felt that pregnancy and breastfeeding would likely regulate my system since my body would be producing and using the hormones this time, I had my first period 10 months PP and I will know in like a week if I get another lol. 

Best of luck, I know it sounds crazy and even a bit scary but (at least for me) it was nothing but an inconvenience. 
I blame salesmen for that though. I spend a lot of time reading these posts (have made a few of my own) and these guys will tell you anything to try and get a sale. We have an Infiniti QX60 and the guy just looked at it and says "that can definitely pull a Flying Cloud" no
Sir it cannot and I will trust you guys way over some ass hat trying to make a commission. Same guy also told us to buy a C and strap the car seat onto the side facing bench seat, yeah because my baby's neck could handle that god forbid we got into a wreck 🙄
The Reason why:
With iCloud now available and wireless backup possible...any songs that you didn't buy from iTunes and instead downloaded from a torrent (in which someone else across the world uploaded to the torrent after they purchased and downloaded it from iTunes) is what causes this Issue. As previously mentioned in this thread...when a song is purchased on iTunes then available to be seeded from your computer, anyone who has iCloud backup enabled and downloads the song will be prompted by iCloud to sign into the original purchasers Apple ID account. This is I guess another step in the fight against illegal downloads.
We torrent a lot of music and I get about 4-5 of these when restoring my phone (also not jail broken) I just skip them and eventually they stop showing up.  It will repeat until the back up/restore is fully complete. 
I let my baby fall out of a car. We had just gotten off a plane that broke my car seat, base and stroller. I put him in the back seat to put my broken stuff in the trunk, husband was still inside getting bags. I forgot he was in the back seat (loose not strapped into anything) opened the back door and he flipped out of the car. We went to ER they said he was fine and road rash was the worst of it. I thought my husband was going to divorce me over it. Poor kid, I never admitted to anyone what the bruise/scrape was from. 
As someone who had SO many prolactin blood tests, save yourself the trouble go in fasting and avoid dairy for 24 hours, doc won't tell you to the first time but if it comes back elevated they will. So if it's possible just do it the first time around :) good luck 
This is totally me! Now that he is almost a year old and I can wear him on my back I do that, but even then he isn't safe from my clumsiness we've clipped a couple corners and I sat down with him on and leaned back 😵 thankfully he thought I was playing with him and found it very funny. 
I would love if some could find and link to this. 
I know nothing about divorce but I do know you have to do what is best for you and your child, if that means going it alone than that is what needs to be done. 
You should have your prolactin levels checked. I had a really hard time getting pregnant because of a minor prolactinoma, basically made enough prolactin to benefit from its birth control abilities, the endocrinologist told me that with my levels if I dry nursed enough I would easily and quickly make milk.  Your body may not have returned to normal levels and could still be producing. 
Seeing a chiropractor was he only thing that helped. My hip pain was also accompanied with the entire leg going numb and tingly. 
I was just getting ready to comment the same thing... seriously WTF!

I must give MIL a bit of credit for her response, she did not try to defend or minimize the situation and while she probably had some hurt feelings she didn't dismiss mom's opinion and around here that's HUGE
I do the exact same thing with mine
Because at least with disposable he can get a soothing barrier added immediately after. Desitin or even aquaphor will add a layer of protection. 

Think of it like getting a blister from new shoes, some neosporin and a bandaid is much better than just a sock. It isn't so much the actual diaper as it is the fact that a thick enough cream to make up for the rough wiping isn't going to be cloth safe/friendly. 
This just made me cry. I am 30 and still have my blankey. It has been to Ireland, on a cruise, worn as a scarf when taking trips in the winter with friends from school, it's my everything I ripped it about 5 years ago and balled my eyes out my husband took it to a dry cleaner and had them repair it. I wanted to give my son my blankey but I couldn't part sleeping with it every night. I went crazy googling "Red tartan blanket" I knew that a wealthy family friend had bought this blanket and sure enough I found it. The 1980's Faribo blanket, we bought my son his own, I hope it's as comforting to him as mine has been to me. 
Do yourself a favor and pick up a best camera now.  They get great quality and will actually send you alerts with a short clip of motion in a designated area. We put them up on our house after we got robbed and the footage was so great we were able to see them come back and use an iPhone to take a photo of the house (potentially for a second hit). We now have 4, daytime footage is obviously the best but the night footage is definitely clear enough to use for evidence. 
I really think they are wiping too hard.  My son has had some days where he is sick or teething and has slept in a poopie or soaking wet diaper for more than 2 hours and has not had a rash that bad in just one day. My husband has been known to wipe too hard and cause some skin breaks on LO, but after discovering it was that he got much better. 

At this point I think for your son's sake you should switch to disposables and require them to slather him in a cream like aquaphor or desitin. Cloth is great but I just don't think it's working with your daycare and the inability to keep your little man comfortable. 
Convertible or infant?
I have been having terrible luck with car seats. Had an UPPAbaby and my dog ate through the straps, went out bought a Safety 1st (turns out it like just barely meets safety ratings, UPPAbaby replaces old one with brand new one we go on a trip to NY and airline hands me back a broken car seat, base AND stroller, back to crappy Safety 1st. We plan on bringing baby to a baby store and putting him in a few convertible seats to find one we like best. 
Agreed... I also don't understand why she put a note in with the seat... I think she didn't get a refund because she didn't initiate one. 
Didn't even realize I just screen capped a google review 
My sister and I won't let my mom drive our kids around because 1. Her car is a disgusting garbage dump and 2. We think she gets easily distracted and could become one of those sleeping babies left behind. She has (thankfully and shockingly) understood our standpoint and does stroller walks to the bank and diners nearby. 
I hope nothing ever gets so crazy that my son feels like hurting other people to be heard because his father and I are not available to him 😢

This breaks my heart. 
I like Bam, but that could be because I am a pessimist too. Noah and Bear I can't stand, Bear seems like he was dropped on his head a few too many times and Noah thinks he is a steampunk Nikola Tesla or something. 
It's totally the wings! I also like that the wings have separate paper and not one piece for both... it's the little things that make periods tolerable. 
At 13 and 14 years old what could be happening that would make them want to do this? And where were the parents of these kids, how did they not know that their kids were this upset? This is so sad on so many levels 🙁
I'm 30 and buy these, I want my pads to be pretty too! Helps that they are good though
I know :( we were in the Winter Park location while it was going on. 
How old is your LO?
I totally agree my baby shower was actually stuff I wanted I got "screwed" at my bridal shower. Someone gave a a metal rooster lamp... it was HIDEOUS and I left it at my mom's after the shower and when we moved my sister kept telling me to take the Cock lamp with us... f**k that noise. I am totally the boring gift of your registry person.  Last shower I went to I bought the girl the breast pump bra, bags and other pump accessories she was stoked after opening a million and a half onesies. 
It totally is for farts but you don't use your mouth to get them out lol
That's what I was looking at too, I think the other one was outdoorsy (or maybe that's how I found both of them)
We live right next to Disney world so I thought renting the house would be better but husband feels that replacing an RV because someone screwed up and destroyed it is much better than trying to replace a home that was burned down (or something else equally catastrophic)
😂😂😂

It's like a whistle for their bum. You massage the air out and the windi lets you hear what's escaping. 
My husband thought the Fridababy Windi was a bum attachment to be used with the Nosefrida's mouth tube.

Yes that's right ladies my husband thought that Fridababy wanted you to suck farts out of your baby's bum.

Edit: so I just told my husband about how I told the internet his fart sucking story and he replied "Listen hon, there would be nothing strange about you sucking air out of this kid's ass if you thought it would make him feel better" he's totally right 😂😂😂
He screams as soon as he is put in and I can't do CIO it just breaks my heart and I go immediately back to the bad habits that got us here. 

We did a LOT of reading today and I think we are going to try and set his crib up as a sidecar and slowly move him out. 
Congratulations!! Nothing better than having a home you love. 
I wanted to keep weight gain to minimum as well and I suffered from some horrendous heartburn and leg cramps, every morning I had a [Pumpkin Smoothie](http://chefsavvy.com/pumpkin-banana-smoothie/) it was seriously a life changer for me.  If I skipped a morning I was miserable. 
We are currently cosleeping and mom dad and baby are all so cranky. It worked for awhile and now it's not and I am desperate to get anything hat would make his crib feel less lonely. 
I don't think so we have tried ibuprofen on the really bad nights and it does nothing. I am starting to think he is having nightmares because if we actually wake him (have him open his eyes) he is fine. 
He's 11 months now, he was a great sleeper in the beginning and is just awful now. 
Want to laugh at me? I had my first post c-section poop at the pediatrician. I had become so backed up from all the pain meds and the pain from my c-section was insane. We were at the pediatrician for 48hr check up for my son's jaundice. I had a loud groan from my abdomen and the Dr immediately knew what it was she walked me to the employee bathroom (so much nicer than the kids/parents bathroom) as my gut continued to make sounds similar to that of a wood ship at sea. I cried from the pain and was so embarrassed that everyone knew I was pooping. 
100% this, my nurse couldn't find the administering doctor in the system (turns out she was spelling his name wrong) and I promised him if he got that epidural in fast and made the pain stop I wouldn't sue him for not being on staff at my hospital. The hardest part for me was the bending forward, I'm pretty petite and my sonnwas 22in and 9lbs 
So I am curious about these clocks, what would your daughter do if something was wrong (she felt sick, had a bad dream, etc.) and the light was red? 
What's your setup now? 
The thumbnail looked like a bowl of fruity pebbles
We did it for religious reasons. That said we are currently going through a penile cancer scare with my husband. His Urologist told him that HPV in men is much higher than anticipated and that 25% of men diagnosed with HPV have a cancer causing version. His professional recommendation was to vaccinate boys when of age and circumcisions. In his professional experience a young circumcision is much easier to heal and less likely to have complications than an adult losing his foreskin due to cancer. 
That's incredible! The human body is amazing. 
I was wondering this too. I am not a mother to twins but there is something kind of silly sounding as "Left is for my daughter and right for my son" 
Agreed but I also didn't want her getting the million comments stating he is too old for her and her thinking that's the big issue people have, when clearly that's like the 5th thing wrong with this relationship. 
I'm happy to hear it's working. I am desperate for sleep. 
My husband almost had a heart attack when I climbed in with him, I told him not to worry that I tried it last night too lol
It's on the second to lowest setting in his crib and getting out was not graceful, my husband basically lifted me out like I was a baby.

It worked for nap #1 we will try again in a few hours for nap #2 and MAYBE tonight.
He is crying because I put him in his crib, trying to break cosleeping habit but he is trying to break me.  Seriously 23lbs and he is calling the shots already
I have the same age difference with my husband, I say this because you are going to be flooded with a LOT of "He's too old"... this has absolutely NOTHING to do with age. He is an abuser, and he is toying with your past abuses to make it seem like this is okay. 

He won't hit you again for awhile, but each and every time it happens they will be closer and closer until he has broken you. You will believe him when he tells you it's your fault, because by then he will have chipped away so much you will doubt yourself. 

You have to leave now, quietly and safely but this is 100% a deal breaker.
This made me laugh so hard, my sister and I used to steal my dad's leftovers (aka lunch) when we'd come home drunk. I can see him having this same thought process when opening the fridge to see them missing. My mom told us he started making more at dinner so we hopefully wouldn't eat it all 😂

Maybe DH was famished and learned from his mistakes. 
I finally have a story!

My husband and I are opening a business and he hired a head hunter to find some people for us.  After receiving a few resumes we called one guy that lived kind of far but had exceptional experience and even received certifications in some speciality type services. Husband was set to hire him, I asked for his name and googled him with his current city and literally the first link was to his court case for transporting an insane amount of drugs. We figured we would still give him a chance because people make mistakes, then I saw his city's local paper and this guy was getting arrested regularly for the last few years. We chose the other candidate. 
I would look up the lawsuits they have had, that will give you a much better idea of how they really are. We bought a KB home husband found out they were sued for making shitty roofs that ripped off in hurricanes. I know Pulte has an active case in our are for shitty stucco work (and possibly HVAC units but I think that one is a actually local issue with the distributor and not Pulte themselves)
Chinese food should only be purchased from disgusting places. There is a place in lower Manhattan that we go to, it's open late at night/early morning and we have seen cooks smoking in the kitchen while they prepare food, it is the most amazing Chinese I have ever had.  Every trip to NY results in a stop there. 
The boys are too dirty to be allowed in the house. 
Bounty paper towels (Bounce are the dryer sheets 😉)
A TT would also have HOA restrictions but we are fairly certain that a 16' flying cloud or Basecamp would fit in our garage and therefore wouldn't be a huge issue I would just lose the garage spot for my car. 

The insurance costs is a great point
That's not bad! I am getting about 19 in my FWD QX60 and I can't tow anything with it. 
Thanks, so my HOA doesn't allow us to park RV's in our driveway I thought the class B looks more like a personal van than a C
A truck big enough to pull a trailer we want would've a gas guzzler and a very expensive everyday car.

We were thinking of getting the class B and if and when the time comes that we out grow it we will trade it in for a TT or Class A if kid is out of car seat by then. 
HA HA HA this was my thought too.

Just wanted to know if there was some unknown reason as to why they aren't as popular as TT. 
We did the huge elaborate Star Wars themed nursery that even involved me crying in Buy Buy Baby about him not having a bed to sleep in when he is born because the furniture was back ordered and then delayed because of an ice storm in the Midwest.

Well at 11 months old he has never slept in it once. He is still in our room, hell he is in our bed because we became the cosleeping family I said we would never be lol.

When baby 2 comes along I'm not buying anything until I need it and will just make sure it's Amazon Prime, they can survive two days without it 😂
So much about this bothers me. While I was recouping from my C-Section the nurses were so pushy! I had been hooked up to an epidural/spinal blocks. I could feel them slicing me towards my left hip and I could literally feel the persons hand inside of me when trying to pop my baby out on the left side. I was crying from the pain while the anesthesiologist lied about pushing a second dose because I had had too much already and baby was still in there. She pushed a second dose once he was out and cord was cut and the pain stopped and I didn't feel them stitch me up. 

After all these drugs and blockers my body freaked out during the come down, I was shaking like a person with Parkinson's. I had nurses pushing all over my abdomen and causing immense pain while yelling at me because I was afraid to hold my baby. Seriously I couldn't hold a glass of ice chips without spilling them everywhere and they wanted me to hold my 9lb newborn and nurse him. Finally a pediatrician came in and was like an angel she weighed him and had his sugar checked because he was a big baby and held him for me while helping him latch all the while I am still shaking like a mad woman.  


But what pissed me off the most was I kept telling them it felt like I had a ball of aluminum foil in the middle of my back no one believed me.  When the Pedi took baby back to his bassinet for more tests my husband pushed me forward and found a huge ball of tape and paper that was used by anesthesia to hold some tubes in place. Seriously it was the size of a softball and so uncomfortable. 

I have vowed to never deliver another baby in that hospital or go back to the OBGYN practice because from the start they were a disaster. 
I live in FL and won't get gas in a place that doesn't pump for me because I am afraid someone is going to break my window "rescuing" my baby in the 2.5 minutes it would take me to get from pump to clerk and back to pump. 
I think they are probably wiping too hard in combination with commercial wipes. My son's bum is definitely more sensitive after a daddy poop change than a mommy change. We personally have found that bounty with warm water or receiving blanket cut into wipes and plain water works best.  Wipes are very drying also so even if they aren't wiping harder they might pass 4 wipes across his bum where as you only use two at home leaving more solution behind. 
So I actually owe you an apology(?) I stated in the last thread that I doubted he was waving a white flag and definitely went down fighting but this video proves that is not what really happened. He knew he was caught and actually crawled to the curb for 2+ minutes so obviously there was no resistance and I am floored to see how easily he gave up. 

This man is the scum of the earth and deserves to be punished to the fullest, that said what the police did was not okay. I know there must have been a lot of anger and hatred towards a man that killed two of their own and a pregnant woman but police need to be able to put personal opinions aside and do their job well.
Why would he have used nails to stick the mat to the bench?! I hope they are all up to date on their tetanus shots 
Thanks! Looks like we will be looking at a leasing upgrade to the AWD which has a 6k lb towing capacity. 
I'm using your post to hopefully get some answers. 

I have a 2015 Infiniti QX60, can I tow this thing?

I googled our towing capacity and it is 3,500 which is the GVWR of the base camp. 
Take it slow google every question you have first and make sure you cross check every single claim. 
This guy was on the run I highly doubt that he was waving a white flag as they kicked in the front door.  He was found to have a 100 round magazine in a Glock he was ready to take everyone out with him.  I do not believe that this man went down without a fight. 
This one is my favorite! I can imagine all the thoughts of "Who the hell is Debbie?!"
The best is in the early morning hours where just enough sun is coming up to make the bathroom the right level of not scary dark but not exactly bright either 
He deserved it
I have no idea what the answer is but I am curious... my EMR has plenty of patient files from more than 10 years ago. 
Do you think they will just always use the "medical" excuse for why they aren't in Alaska when not filming.  
Gentle worked with us for the dog but not our faces. We now hold his hand down and say "No hitting" or "We don't hit". He grabs my glasses but knows he shouldn't because he will always immediately sheepishly hand them back to me, especially if I knock them onto the floor in front of him accidentally. 
This is how I started as a biller.  I was a practice manager for a physical therapy practice we had 4 locations I did all the billing with only a receptionist in each location scheduling the appointments and collecting copays. 
We allow older kids nickelodeon like SpongeBob and the Loud House but none of the Nick Jr crap
If she was my kid she'd have peed her pants by now 😜
And how do their parents not know that their 1st graders go missing every night?! Seriously this is how kids get kidnapped
OMG YES!!! Octonauts on the other hand is seriously enriching. 
My MIL says this shit all the time! 

"You think you loved your kids until you love your grand baby" or "you have no idea what love is because you don't have a grand baby to love"

😡😡😡
This took far longer than it should, I feel bad for their kid. 
Yay for Ginger moms and Ginger sons!!!
Ireland 
My mom told me:

 not to kiss my baby's feet because that would make him never walk (took his first steps at 10 months old)

Don't look at a baby upside down or they'll go blind

Never whisper in their ears or they'll speak late. 


Crazy people and their old wives tales 


Yes we regret it, so much so that we are taking our time for the next place and willing to by the land and build the house if we can't find a big enough lot with a house we like. 
You should see an allergist, might not be the nuts and instead the oil  or seasonings used to make them. 
I have the opposite issue with the same album, I cannot turn shuffle off. My OMAM never plays in order and when I've added it to a playlist it's skips all their songs entirely. 
I used to steel my mom's Mercedes and take it for joyrides when I was 16, she found out because I left a bag of weed and cigarettes in her car. I'm 30 and she STILL brings it up. 
Sounds like you had to stop abruptly.  Your body is trying to adjust to the change in hormones (again)

[Kellymom has a good article](http://kellymom.com/ages/weaning/wean-how/depression-and-weaning/)

You should still bring this up with your doctor 

::hugs::
We have Fartin Scorsese and Sharty McFly

Edit: since you seem to find these two of our nicknames funny I'll give you a few more:

Mervin (inspired by Robin Hood:Men in Tights)
Smelvin (we have the kid that smells like poop)
Dr. Mervopolis (Mervin + [Dr. Theopolis](https://www.google.com/search?q=dr.+theopolis&client=safari&hl=en-us&prmd=ivsn&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwi2jaOvjsPRAhVHCcAKHbElAWYQ_AUIBygB&biw=414&bih=628)
and my personal favorite, Roni Baloney

23lbs we use BumGenius AIO's I really think he is just a squirmer and he is constantly pulling at his clothes (nudist at heart) because a day in the stroller or carrier he is leak free
Definitely I also learned that CM is next to impossible for us to have.  There is no gas in the area and we don't park in our garage so that was good news too!
We had our CM alarms go off when I was about 7 months pregnant I called the Fire Dept and waddled downstairs and outside with the dog while we waited. I learned from them that our house had been wired incorrectly and thankfully it was a false alarm. I was so thankful for them to take the time and inspect every room and detector.  We bought two extras that are not a part of the hardwired system as a back up plan. 

Seriously people CM and smoke detectors are so important!
I use his fat legs as a seal as well but now that we are mobile excessive running can alter this for us. 
No it's Bear 🏃🏻proof not bear 🐻 proof 
Honest overnights are what we use. I loved them and he can be in them anywhere from 12-14 hours 
My husband (adopted) and I (not) did Ancestry DNA. 

Mine came back like 90% parents birth country and 6% where my father's mother was from, so pretty darn accurate. 

Husband only knew that his parents had waited for a Jewish baby. He came back with about 6 countries and "European Jewish" it was super interesting and I think worth a shot. You won't know what countries are from what side but it will tell you a lot about yourself!
My 10 month old did this too so we snuck a dog toy rope under the door until we heard him kind of fall/sit and then opened it up. Watching to adults giggling and talking like a baby while forcing a nasty ratty rope under the door would have been pretty funny to watch. 
¿Por que no los dos?
My niece has really bad allergies too and her Pedi had a specific schedule to follow for them. She was never given more than 2 in one visit and my sister was sent home with a sort of check list to go through to make sure she wasn't missing a reaction to one of them (I think it had like questions for 48hrs after they were administered)
I hate that woman, this story made me so mad that someone could do that to a child 
I am sorry to hear that you have to stop before you are ready, but you could still make you feeds with LO bonding and like breast feeding. Do skin to skin while bottle feeding, hold LO close and in a similar holding method as you have while breast feeding.  

I'm so sorry you have to give this up before you were ready. 
I am very curious about the pricing, my husband loves Miami but our toddler does not love the car. I think this would be a great alternative for us. 
It's really easy to just fry up your own.  Buy corn tortillas, cut them into quarters and dry in a large pot with oil, you don't even need much oil just enough to keep them floating around. 

Good luck!
Can confirm this! I had a baby a year ago and all my TV watching options were cooking shows or infomercials in the early days of poor sleep and crazy feedings. Cooking Channel and FoodNetwork start their shows at like 4am and by 9/10 the latest they are competition  shows. 
and more recently Westworld. 
You're doing it right! 💕
Weight loss is so scary! We were doing weekly weight checks and I remember holding my breath as the scale ticked away.  Just remember as mom's we always know our own kids best and can sense something wrong when no one else can. This internet stranger is proud of you!
[This was him mid vomiting session](http://i.imgur.com/SMFkJ3Lh.jpg)

[Then by the time they imaged him](http://i.imgur.com/N676ZYZh.jpg)

I just kept saying "I understand that kids spit up and vomit he has reflux trust me I have seen my share, but he was making distance and passing out this is not normal" I felt so brushed off but just wouldn't waiver and sure enough that Dr. came back and actually apologized we were admitted right after. She told me to not lose my voice and "don't ever let a white coat tell you you're wrong without looking"; she got a lot of respect for that. 
I am so happy you trusted your gut! I made similar post about my son's vomiting. Two urgent cares, and on call (who granted never actually saw my son) and an ER doctor all kept saying "Babies throw up, monitor for dehydration" I just knew that wasn't right and I told the ER as much, she asked if I would feel better if they ultrasounded his abdomen and I said yes and they found an intussusception. Always stand your ground and if you think something is wrong keep asking until someone answers. 
It doesn't... I know a guy that lost all his teeth from smoking paid like $30k for implants and lost those, he had to get fake fakes for his wedding day. 
I love how they don't even try to hide it anymore. 
I have a therapist story.... my mom sent me to one in like 6th or 7th grade. I have no idea how she found her but my mom was convinced I had ADD and was acting out. 

I remember sitting in this woman's office that was in her house in a really rich neighborhood and just kind of talking to her. She tried to explain to me at my young age that a lot of my issues were because of my mom, that her need for the perfect family and to make sure that I am just quiet and smiling and not showing my real self is not ok. 

My therapist never told me that I didn't have to share what we talked about, so when I left and my mom asked what we talked about and I told her that my therapist says that my mom is what's wrong with me she never let me go back. I never knew why until I found my own therapist much later in life. 
I think that at 18 you should be trying to figure out things on your own.  You can surround yourself with friends and mentors that could be your found family instead of trying to have someone adopt you off of Reddit. Everyone wants people to love them but strangers on the internet are just not the way to go about it. I wish you the best 
I wasn't saying no carb, just no wheat based carbs. I personally am paleo but most people find that too restrictive. The SAD is heavily based on carbs like OP saying she has oatmeal and toast for breakfast, her body is just going to turn that into sugar and then fat to store for later. 
This is how I feel on a lot of it. I also did some reading and my state does not have abandonment of a spouse, also in most states a mother can leave with children if it's for a safety reason and I feel like Tide Pods on the floor and broken baby gates could be enough for that. I have documented a lot of stuff. 
I get it's not easy but it's doable, I am doing it now. Anything processed is going to be so much worse for you and your body than the homemade version. Packaged food is full of fat, carbs and sugar to make it taste good after sitting on a shelf for months. Clean eating is the only thing you can do that won't mess with your supply. 
Try cutting processed carbs and sugar. No bread, pasta, soda or ice cream. Lots of veggies and meats.  Don't worry about calories just eat real food not fast food and prepared stuff it makes a HUGE difference. 
Bitchbot could fill you in, but my son is 10 month old and I started in that I wanted them to move before he was born. 
I found mine on Craigslist for a local physician. He gave me an option for home or office and for awhile I did both, now that I had a baby I am fully home. 
My son sees a GI specialist (had some issues that presented as food allergies and ha fully we're not) and he was saying this was discovered in Israel awhile ago. They followed studies of waiting until children were between 1-3yrs old and peanut allergies became higher, and they further discovered the groups introduced at a youngest age had the lowest numbers. 
I'd prefer to leave a smaller place is more affordable on my own if it came to that, I don't want a 5 bedroom house if I am going to become a single parent. 
Thank you. 
I said July because he is starting a business and I really don't want to damage that and what it will do for us by saying 30 days.  I am fine with it as long as I know that there is a real expiration either way. 
This is way more real than I expected. 
That's what makes this so hard I zero support IRL. 
I started drink tea black because the milk in my apartment always seemed to be bad and sugar was taking up too much space in my teeny tiny kitchen... I can never go back!
My mom and sister pull this shot all the time... this happened [yesterday](http://m.imgur.com/LYm01mQ?r)
I think 10yds each
http://www.hannaandersson.com

I also recommend signing up for their emails they send lots of sales and coupons hat way. 
I love everything about this photo but especially those chunky little legs in converse sneakers 😍
This was me too. Not pregnant maybe 16oz of water a day pregnant I was drinking 2-3 1.5L bottles of water it was insanity. 
They are pricey but Hanna Andersson has been great with our little fluff butt. 
Don't sharpie it, sharpies often leave metal with and orangish tint, get a paint marker from a craft store and test it on something else first. 
We had it for the prerelease to prime members (prime is life in this house).  It is set up in our bedroom on my night stand, I was laying in bed had a huge cartoony sneeze and it chimed "bless you"; I freaked and asked my husband since I thought the same thing. He says if it's listening for the word Alexa then it's listening all the time. 
R/foodallergies could probably help. You also may be able to find somewhere that that needs it. 
Jesus if it is their dog they don't deserve him back. Two counties away is just absurd! 
We have one and I was loving it! Then I sneezed that night and it said "Bless you" shit was unplugged immediately... weird as FUCK!
Omg same exact thing happened to me on a NYC subway right when Ebola was a big thing. I sneezed right as I felt the trickle start, I was barley able to cover my nose mouth as I felt it. I looked like I was hemorrhaging from my brain. 

I have no idea why but I had two or three paper towels in my coat pocket took them out covered my face and got off at the next exit leaving and trail of blood drops behind me.  

People definitely thought they were going to catch Ebola from me that day.  
Sundays are always a big breakfast day for us, I save the bacon that's leftover (I make like 2lbs) and use it through out the week to add to eggs like this or salads, I have also been known to eat a slice or two while grazing the fridge. 
We actually live right next to Disney world and will be using that for his fist birthday... we have decided to approach this as "This is what we're doing you can join if you want"
Omg yes!!! FAKEBOOK, that is 100% it
This will most definitely be used as an excuse to watch a RomCom 😜
You mean Jewish Kanji 
We live next to Disney so LO can handle the fireworks, what he wasn't expecting was a train horn this morning at my parents. Poor little man nearly had a heart attack. 
Thanks!
Could you elaborate?
Please please PLEASE say something now. I am you except that I still have some space to myself. I moved to another state to give my in laws another chance at life. They were supposed to stay for 3 months max, its 2 years now. I played nice and avoided stepping on toes and I am fucking miserable. I also have anxiety and don't bring up much but my god this is the most unhappy I have ever been. The only time I can find balls to say something is if it effects my son, other than that I am walked all over. I am criticized for my housekeeping, cooking, parenting everything. Give them an inch and they will take over the whole fucking place! My marriage will likely not survive if they don't get the fuck out but they are doing nothing. I almost never leave the upstairs (my MIL is handicapped) and when I do it's to leave my house. I pay a mortgage on an entire house to only use 1/3 of it. Learn from my mistakes, if hard when you get to my point when you're literally thinking of asking your husband "Them or us?"
The plumeria guy is on the bridge between the Lego Store and Rainforest cafe. I have purchased a bunch from them but I think they are a smidgen cheaper at the farmers markets
What are the property taxes for your area, a $400k home in Orlando where taxes are $5k a year is way different than a $400k home on Long Island where taxes could easily be $20k a year 
But he's who all the celebrities call for their birthday parties! 
I ask about the feet because it is a home way of checking her O2 levels, they use it during ISR swim training.  You should be able to press on their heel have it turn white and pink almost immediately. The longer it takes to turn pink the less Oxygen she has in her blood. 


I would call this in tomorrow and not wait. She is very young and a phone call could make all the difference 4 days is a long time if she is turning pale because of breathing. Is it just her face at her hands and feet too?
OMG I HAVE THOUGHT OF DOING THIS! I have definitely been there with the painful pee and contemplated which is worse peeing on the side of the road or throwing away a 6lb leaky diaper from my pants. 
So this was my son. He didn't roll, crawl nothing except hold his head up and sit up with a boppy if we tried that.  Then he started swimming (well ISR Floating lessons) and my god he hasn't stopped.  In his first week he learned to float roll over a crawl.  It was like a switched was flipped for him like "Holy shit I can move?!" Now at 10 months old he took his first two steps at 9:30pm while fighting off sleep. Seriously love it up while you can because once they realize they aren't potatoes they don't stop moving. 
My laughter just woke up my baby... thank you for this 😂😂😂
I did it in NY, if was given commission that week I just didn't get paid from unemployment. I didn't earn any commission in the beginning because it took me a long time to build up my brand. 
Their response back was:

"We appreciate your feedback regarding the packaging of the Mesa – the information on adjusting the SIP headrest properly is included in the manual in the “securing your child in the Mesa” section, but I will be sure to share your observation with our research and design team for future consideration!"

I am loving this company more and more lol. 
This is a great idea, it could also help your sister see that you are genuinely interested in her book and not just saying it to make her feel better. 
I. Can't. Even. 😍
Mine is growing back and it looks like a terrible short feathered hair mullet. I hate it and nothing gets them to stay down
Mine was buried under the canopy and seat fabric took me AGES to find it 
Good to know... my son nibbles everything like a rabbit, teeny tiny bites until it's gone except asparagus that is like a limp light saber he flails it all over and hits anyone he can reach with it while giggling like a mad man. 
Yes lol he doesn't get grapes at all because we have a dog and 90% of his food winds up on the floor. I tried to pick two things (grapes and stairs) that like everyone even non parents know is dangerous. 
Don't feel that way!  My husband and I had a weird phase where he felt weird because I was the mother to his child and not just his wife a sexual partner, I had changed in his eyes and once he realized I can be both things returned. It's an adjustment for everyone and the LO's always get all the attention first. 
We had plastibell too.  The only thing that freaked me a bit is that it kind of flips off at one point like a can lid and is barely hanging on. Don't pull it off it will fall off eventually, just be extra careful with diapers at that time cause it can get caught since the entire plastic part is flipped off and over.  

We personally found that Huggies had the best texture inside for during the healing time, they kind of looked like a bandaid with some honeycomb pattern instead of the normal flat liner of say a pampers or Honest brand. 
My god you sound just as insane as anti-vaxxers. You're insane 
Aww I'm sorry that hurt my husband has had a lot of foot in mouth statement like that but I don't honk they mean it maliciously they just don't know what that change in our bodies does to us emotionally. 
We do BLW and my mom and sister complain that I don't cut the asparagus or string beans that my sister still cuts her 2.5 yro's food really small I responded with "Jeez next you guys will be telling me not to give him grapes or climb the stairs unattended"
Thank you! I live next to Disney and the amount of people that I see using baby carriers wrong make me sad because I know those little kids are in them all day but I have been chewed out too many times to mind my own f*cking business so I've stopped saying anything. 
Just thought I'd let you know that I did just that. 
Yeah can't do that lol
It's the straps and the head portion, they come as a better fit for a 3-4 month old [this was my little man the day we took him home](http://m.imgur.com/QKGXeqe?r)

Hidden between the canopy and the top fabric is a small strap that should be pulled and the head area pushed down. 
They are Walgreens battery operated fairy lights I have two white strips on my car too 😂
Ha ha that's what I get for doing it on my phone pretending like I know what I'm doing 
[I'm proud of my work!](https://imgur.com/a/n4NEz)
OOOO I HAVE A STORY!!! 

I was looking into donating some breastmilk I had a crazy over supply issue in the beginning and I work from home so my freezer stash was way more than I would ever need. I was looking to help someone out, I came across a craigslist post for someone ISO breastmilk, found it while posting some stuff we had for sale and free.  So I message them basically saying how much milk are you looking for like will I be feeding your baby and mine? We exchange like 7-10 emails before they decide to spill the beans saying "sorry milk isn't for a baby it's for me" Googled his name and he had been arrested for all sorts of stuff so I noped right out of there and was thankful that I was smart enough to use my junk email! 
I hope to be that kind of mother to my own kids. She is a beautiful person <3
I once couldn't find a cork screw so I pushed the cork into the bottle with a butter knife and strained with with a metal coffee filter into a decanter we looked extra classy that night 
Thanks that does make me feel a little better because he has his hands in his mouth CONSTANTLY. 
Thanks so much ☺️
So apparently none of the responses came to my inbox. That picture is older and preteeth. I was asking because he was quietly playing I turned away for about 3 minutes and when I looked back at him there was so much blood pouring out of his mouth. I brought him to and urgent care and the Dr (who kind of sucked honestly) said he "self corrected a lip tie and it's nothing go home and make sure it doesn't get infected". I didn't want to peel his lip up until it healed a bit (it was still raw looking a day or two later) and when I googled lip tie they showed that stripe one his gum and how upper lip ties make gaps in the teeth. 

Just looking for opinions while I wait to get into my real Pedi
Holy shit I think I finally understand why and aunt is always posting acreencaps.  I couldn't figure it out, like why are all of her pics of her kids/grandkids were always screen caps of Facebook... it finally makes sense! I am so happy my mom doesn't have Facebook 
We get raspberries and something that sounds similar to Darth Vader breathing. He has since been dubbed Darth Baby and loves making that sound then shrieking into a fit of giggles. 
Dichotomy Coffee that's the only reason to ever stop in Waco. 
I'm going to jump on here and ask... my iTunes is a Yahoo but my appleID is an iCloud... should I change the iTunes email?
I am definitely using the College line!! 😂
We are at 10 months (today actually 🤗) and I am getting so tired of people asking when we are going to stop.  We will stop when he is ready to stop.  I don't mind that when he wants to sleep he wants to nurse and be held. I love that if he falls down and gets hurt I have something to offer him that soothes his pain basically immediately. I am so lucky that these two boobs offer so much more than cleavage and making clothes fit weird. 
In the opposite... there is no way I could stomach the grape 😔🤢
Idk when my house was robbed they took everything but the wiiU. 
This is the first thing I have ever read on Reddit to actually make me cry. 
I would disagree.  I live a mile from Cinderella's castle and my neighbors work for Disney.  It's a mother and two daughters they all work for Disney and they couldn't afford their house if they hadn't received money in some other way. There are no single income families working for Disney living near Disney and comfortable. Most of the employees live up to an hour away where property gets cheaper again. It's close to $200k for a 2 bedroom apartment and that's not including monthly HOA/Maintenance which is about about $250-300.  
When my son was choking I was shocked at how fast this came back to me from lifeguarding training in my late teens early twenties.  My husband was panicking and pacing with him and LO's lips had started to turn. I snatched him flipped him over and after 2 firm whacks out came the glob of snot, liquid Tylenol and spit.  I was calm collected and telling my husband to get what we need to leave. Brought him to the local urgent care and had him checked to make sure there were no obstructions or fluid in his lungs. It wasn't until I was sitting in that office that it all sank in and hit me. This was a learning experience as well that he will freak so I need to stay calm and organized for us both. 
No he was not chipped the people who found him took him for a check up and shots. He has been on the street for a long time. 
When my husband and I visited London he ordered Mozzarella sticks at a Burger King, he expected to get a marinara like sauce to dip them in but instead was handed packets of ketchup he was baffled by how those two go together. 
Thanks a million for all your help :) 

I know when he first started talking about it he wanted an inflatable one so I am thinking of just getting him a nice "real" one and if he wants something different he can exchange it
So I have decided to go for this projector... do the screens really make a huge difference? I was looking for 100" to 120" they range from like $150 to $500... who knew this would be such a complicated purchase lol 
That is the best way of putting it.
Oxy high is so so so different. I had surgery and my husband went to work that night I called him cry laughing because Angry Birds was too difficult for me to play, I couldn't be reasoned with to just stop play instead I downloaded all the other versions to try and beat them all. It was so very very strange. 
My husband is a PI in the states and has done something similar. He was hired by a family that had an arranged marriage set up for their daughter but she fell in love with someone else and it was a kind of Romeo and Juliet story. He then went to the kids house to see if he was living with someone he wasn't supposed to.  Husband played to be a courier and asked for the kid to sign for the package and show ID, while his partner sat in the car and photographed the whole thing. 

PI's don't care if it looks legit they just need the proof the ID was probably his way of making sure it was you and not someone else. Also keep an eye out for someone following you while running errands going around town. 
But I don't think it will be. I'm almost certain that Epcot is quickly on its way to becoming another version of Hollywood Studios just with emphasis on the country of origin for these movies. Also Innoventions I think is being kept terrible on purpose so they can say "Look how bad it's doing no one is interested, but Frozen and ::insert other movie based ride:: is doing we should do the same with those areas too."
I have found that cloth diapers are great at containing poopsplosions, but they aren't as good at keeping baby dry, maybe try and empty cover over a disposable diaper. 
I really wish they kept the Disney out of Epcot.  Frozen being added to Norway was a terrible edition and I will be really disappointed if all of the world showcase goes that route. 
That's awesome! He made my husband take two bites for his one but hey it's progress, he also then used a broccoli floret like a make up brush on his face.... kids. 
Thankfully he has had no other reactions or reoccurring events so we have decided to start back up with regular foods. 

I am hoping finger foods make a difference, we did have a grilled cheese with turkey today 😱
My niece would not nurse if my sister ate Sicilian pizza, regular pizza was fine though. My little man really loves when I have Indian food. 
I was trying to keep an already long post shorter 😝 all of his reactions were to homemade food so we were recommended to use prepared food to rule out food poisoning/mishandling by me as well as to know that the food that went into it weren't spoiled to begin with (like maybe my home avocado had started to go moldy and I didn't notice). We don't still need to stick to prepared food since it hasn't returned we just have because there are like 3 
"Flavors"

He won't touch wet/moist food like steamed sweet potato or chicken. We tried using kid safe forks to kind of spear it and let him hold it but nope. 
Ok so this is kind of funny, I thought she was getting her muff tattooed and I was trying to figure out how she got her boobs entirely black and why I couldn't see nipples then read the comment about a black guy a looked back ::mind blown::
[Sio-b-han](https://youtu.be/OcLOKQOpj7U)
That's what I thought but I wasn't sure how
To get rid of it, I accidentally left wet diapers in a wet bag/bin and went away for 10 days I was so mad at myself when I got back 
Shit that explains a lot I have been declining all of them 😕
I have been invited everyday this week it's driving me insane
Can I ask how many photos you had to take to capture this perfection?
Do you have a BBQ? You could cook the turkey in that and switch to all stove top sides. I absolutely would not use that oven, seriously not worth the risk (or smell) 
This is so important for people to hear! My son was born at 9lbs 1oz and was down to high 7's when we went to his pediatrician appointment they scolded me saying he had to take a bottle then and there because he was losing too much weight and obviously my milk wasn't going to come in.  My sister was my biggest support and teacher for nursing I called her crying to see if she had frozen milk leftover from her last baby because they made me feel like I was going to harm my son. She told me to find a new pediatrician and reminded me that his stomach was basically the size of a cherry, she said get comfortable on the couch and just leave him attached to your boob. My milk came in the next day, we found a new pediatrician and she was so disappointed that our previous pedi did that.  She explained that my son being a c-section baby was born with more water weight than a vaginal delivery and that means he would have "lost" more too. She said as long as he was producing enough wet diapers he was fine. My chunky monkey was gaining 8oz a week and doubled his birth weight in like the blink of an eye. 
It's really tough to answer that. I work for a NYC doctor making almost $60k I work from home for an oncologist; if I lost my job with him and looked for one locally (Orlando) most are paying $12-15 an hour. Location is key when dealing with smart requests. 


Edit:  do you desperately want to leave your current job? When I used to hire staff, I was pleased if someone told me I make $X but want $Z we were usually both happy to settle for $Y
Pregnant was the only time I have worn a bikini in the last 5 years.  

Edit: Wow I'm really getting downvoted for this. 
[What's wrong with my Diapers?!](https://imgur.com/a/yaLis)  this is after two washes and one was extra hot with bleach. 
Just some onion, celery, carrots and all the left over herbs and stems. It's incredibly delicious 
Thanks it's only a 13lb turkey but it was still quite cold by the time I got home, I just panicked. 
Nah this is my third year doing it like this and it is always the juiciest turkey ever... the pound of butter stuffed under the skin helps. 
That's what I'm hoping for now. 
I was hoping to slow cook it over night, so it would be going in the oven tomorrow at 170° for 14 hours plus 1 hour at 450° to crisp up the skin. 
4-6 hours
I wish he would stop wearing that stupid fucking hat 😡
I could send you a picture of my baby's brand new tooth that is chipped because he hit his face on a table while in a high chair. 

In all seriousness though these are the stats:

In the study, researchers analyzed information from the National Electronic Injury Surveillance System of the Consumer Product Safety Commission from 1999 to 2008.

The results showed an estimated 931,886 children under the age of 5 were treated for stair-related injuries in U.S. emergency rooms during the study period.

Most of the injuries occurred as a result of the child falling down the stairs on his or her own. But 25% of children under age 1 were injured while they were carried on the stairs, and 16% fell in a baby walker.
My first floor is wide open and my office is in the loft, my in laws just moved in and I am now screaming for walls to be put up. My baby is only 9 months old but I'm sure he will just further my fight for walls. 
I went to the Dr. Pepper museum, Baylor Stadium for dinner, Cameron Park Zoo (OMG so depressing) and the Mammoth National Monument.

Although Waco is home to the greatest coffee I have ever had in my entire life, Dichotomy. 
I just spent a week in Waco, TX I swear if it wasn't for them and that crazy standoff between the FBI and church Waco would be a ghost town. 
Shiplap... it's literally the new wood paneling. 
Thanks very much! I'm not sure if he is bothered by the chip/crack or the fact that he has two new teeth coming through.  Sleeping has been AWFUL since it happened but we are traveling and only just got Home last night so who knows what's really the issue. 
Oh man, poor baby and mommy! Thank goodness there was no long term damage/pain. 

I "admitted" what happened to my husband while trying not to cry he says "Did he hit his head or did you push him? I'm not sure why you feel so guilty." 
So the teeth have not fully erupted (is that the right word?).

I have a [before and after](https://imgur.com/a/nMxkT) it's his right tooth (left looking at picture), it doesn't look like much but when he let me rub the area it's smooth with a sharp "bump".  Wow this was hard to explain in writing lol hopefully the pictures help.  

I have his 9 month physical on Monday so I will have the pedi feel it too just as another opinion as they come out a bit more over the next few days I will bring him in if anything looks off at all. 
From what I just read, no they do not owe you any additional money back. You agreed to pay a max of $2,500 to them.  So if your coinsurance had come back saying you owed $3,000 they accepted the $2,500 as full payment. They are reimbursing you the difference between what you paid and what your insurance listed as your amount owed. What they bill the insurance and what insurance pays is not exactly a negotiable number with you.  I would be happy with that amount, my insurance was billed $45,000 for me to deliver my baby and I paid a hell of a lot more than $2,500 out of pocket, and you even got them to pay for a home delivery; consider yourself lucky. 
Omg these are so beautiful!! Do you sell them or just make for personal use?
I hope so I am also hoping that if it did chip it that his two front teeth are not drastically different lengths.

I feel like such a bad mom :'(
Thanks that's what I figured
I guess but it's still really crazy 
Who steals a huge commercial grill?! I just don't see how they will get anything out of this, I doubt your typical pawn shop is going to be willing to take it. 
http://www.splendidtable.org/story/this-year-roast-the-turkey-while-you-sleep

I'm pretty sure this is the site I used, I only followed the cooking instructions as I have a very good rub and veggie stuff, along with about 16 oz of Irish butter stuck under the skin. 
I have to agree! I have done an upside down turkey every year and everyone always raves about it.  2 years ago I did it upside down and low and slow (over night in the oven) and it was the most amazing turkey I have ever made, can't wait to do it again this year!!
No preference, the tallow isn't it beef fat? Wouldn't it go bad in the warmth of a shower 