It's a fantastic budget tv. 
The idea is definitely like, a lush alien world, so yeah, kind of!
Not a ton more than the Vanduul probably, since the Vanduul have bioluminescent organs they use to communicate too. Though they don't communicate exclusively via that, of course. It's a supplemental method, from what we know.
Yeah. Dunno. Can't speak as to why, haha.
It was 24 a few weeks back.
Indeed.
It's a shame there are so few modern Star Wars games/on modern platforms. This sale would rock if it had things like KOTOR, Republic Commando, Jedi Outcast, Tie Fighter, etc
Is this with the ptu changes? It looks much better!
I fully expect a port of Rogue Remastered. It makes perfect sense.
Nah. Too usable. /s
Another 2-3 years is best case scenario, honestly.
It was cool back in the day, years and years ago. Hasn't aged so well.
That's not wholly true. It's likely the 315p's tractor beam will happen via a utility mount, when the rework comes around. Which makes it genuinely different from the base model. 
Eh. The LOD changes are pretty noticable, especially while moving.
It's pretty decent, I'd say. Not perfect, and it's hard to get into tournaments or ranked, but otherwise, matches are usually found fairly easily.
This is really well done. Thanks! Good job!
That would make sense. They do that with flags on the other maps.
Especially on the dark side of planets it can be really damn hard to tell how close you are to the ground, since it lists altitude and not distance to ground. Which leaves you in uncomfortable situations navigating, especially since there's no topography overlay or way to view the terrain with radar.
I mean, yeah. The Longlegs we're definitely clearly inspired by birds of this sort, or things like Ostriches, Cassowary's, Emu's, etc. 
Don't tease my like that, man.
If that's true, that's honestly not great news, except for maybe the art. Thief was not particularly amazing. 
Definitely. 
Unique take. Interesting. Nice!
Not bad, but a bit stale, I feel.
Beautifully crisp shot. Nice!
They could just make it sit basically directly on the ground almost. That would fix that. 
Ah, my bad. Tone is so hard to tell via text, sometimes.
Most people can't tell the difference if it's well done, frankly, especially in motion. And the difference in performance vs. quality is generally worth it to devs.
I mean, sure. There are no plans until they decide to want to publically announce plans. That's like, the most basic corporate announcement existent. 
It's not really far fetched. It's on phones. It would be "easy", so to speak. 
I get what you're saying, though, please not like the starmap. That thing is a disaster for usability currently.
I mean. That was like the best system ever. And they have attachments for guns.
Huh. Almost tempting enough to get it physical. Hmmmm.
Such is always the dilemma, haha.
Can anyone say whether performance/graphics on console have improved any yet, since launch? 
Admittedly it is only 20$ anyway, which is pretty reasonable. 
Eh. It's still quite a bit different.
The game isn't fully out. (Also no marketing due to this.)

Not fully polished. 

In some ways, has lost some of the depth of Witcher 3's gwent strategy. (Row placement, etc.)


I think it'll do decently. People play it. It's in early access/beta. Once it goes fully live with the campaign and strategy redux later this year, it'll do fine, I think, especially once they actually start really marketing it.
Sleeping Dogs is so underrated. So sad we'll probably never get a sequel to that game. It deserved one.
9 bucks for Gravity Rush? Hell yeah. 
"Let them fight."
Signed distance field particle fields, similar to what's used in QT, could sort of allow this, to some extent.
I'm more annoyed that event equipment can't be upgraded in quality above it's original drop or have it's appearance copied to higher level gear, so you can get some amazing looking stuff, then level up in rep and get access to higher level gear, and there's no way to keep the special event gear relevant gameplay-wise. It's really obnoxious and make. 

We also really need a way to lock items from being dismantled. I've dismantled a few event items that I wanted to keep, by accident, that I won't ever get again probably, because there's no way to lock any items from being dismantled. Which just, ugh.
Honestly, I think if they just made it something that like, only opened up once a month, or every other weekend, make it more like an actual event, and people would play it, since there's a single day or time period that's basically designated for that, and so more people would play together due to specified times.
Ranked and tournament matchmaking in general suck on PC. I've literally never been get into a single match of either. And I'm not going to wait for multiple hours. No one is.
Laquered materials would be cool, too. Get some different material feel. 
Part of the problem is that the tinting of some of their materials is really, really subtle. More than it needs to be, and to some extent, more than is even realistic. Especially for the Samurai. 

Would also be nice if we could tint both leather and wood, etc, or certain neutral cloth elements that stay the same no matter what, for characters that have that.
ðŸ˜˜
Those are amazing! You can have my vote, gladly! ðŸ˜›
Uh. Fuck, yes! 
Yeah. That's somewhat the case. Priorities for animations were quite different when all there was was the hangar, or even Arena Commander. 
Huh. Interesting.
Wait. How? Wasn't the new release date in like, May?
I thought there was a patch that fixed that? Is that not the case?
There will be three controllable speeds and versions of animations like this, for things like getting up, entering/exiting cockpits, etc. Only the slowest is actually in game right now for most things. That's the most answer I can give at the moment. They've also said they want to do things regarding interuptability and the like, while you're doing them.
Still think he'd be able to do a pretty good job as Geralt, actually. Will be interesting to see who they cast for the TV show.
Get the B7
Wish I could experience the same. Haven't been able to get more than 5-10 minutes.
Tone down your drop shadows. Default settings almost always overdo it, or are at the wrong angle for your usecase.
This has been discussed for literally years.
Yup.
Literally crashed 3 times and wasn't able to play longer than 3 minutes, so uh, I mean, if you say so? 
Perspective does weird things.
Game crashed on load, then about 2 minutes into gameplay. Not my time to play, I guess.
Well, Not literally open world, but like, each solar system is open and you can kind of travel freely however you want in that, no?
Off topic, but how is it? It's open world like Galaxy on Fire 1 and 2, right? 
Very. ðŸ˜›
Holyyyyyy fucking hell. 

Speechless. 
This makes it so much better, honestly.
That's coming. This is just the very basic intial addition of any organic character customization. Much more is coming. 
It's alright, man. It happens. Just thought I'd mention, especially in case you possibly weren't aware. 
Those are literally real people's faces, so, uh, maybe tone it on the harshness.
This is extremely relaxing.
I did an edit back in the day to try and upres this by editing it artistically, back when a higher res wasn't available. It's not original quality, but it's technically 4k and holds up, though it's a bit more painterly/stylized. There's also a dual monitor and ultra-wide version (with slightly different perspectives) if anyone wants. https://drive.google.com/open?id=1y_G4cKG40lIGJOg-5RL8Q1vaHuQtolou
Yeah. Basically this. I think it's even exactly why they went for that naming scheme of Horizon: -something-. Saves you from numbered titles, too.
It really has made a massive difference.
November is always packed, though?
Lol
Back of his pants ;)
Visual difference is negligible. It mostly just cuts input lag to a minimum. Which the TCL series have excellent input lag ratings.
Nice. Though using the bull emblem on the shield feels like it would be an obvious direction, over the dragon?
A lot of retailers are usually responsible for that, since they have stock ahead of the date. So it's not usually the publisher.
Most gold masters have to be finished well before release date, since the discs have to be made in advance. Sort of makes sense theyd have them ready ahead.
It is. Particularly if you enjoy things like Dark Souls, Bloodborne, etc. It has really excellent combat. 
Would be a bit much for just dusty places/planets. But for snowy, like Microtech, deformable snow would be pretty nice. 
Not everything they're working on is on the roadmap. 
That shardplate is a lot better than most depictions. Less a fan of the pic in this post, though.
I really wish W3 played how swords play in Nioh. You can move so quickly and be super deadly and mobile whilst tactical, and it feels very much how Geralt/witchers are described to fight, blindingly quick with their mutated reflexes. 

Even with the alternative movement, W3's combat just doesn't feel tight enough, IMO.
I get the idea, I just felt it wasn't well executed, and/or that the respective decisions don't necessarily logically match their outcomes/effects. And most of it just feels bizarrely small.
Do you have an HDR TV? If it carried your gamma settings over, it might be set too high.
I have to be honest, the way they handled those choices was one part I was really not a fan of.
I think it's related to a certain postprocess volume used in certain underground environments, so it wouldn't necessarily happen in all underground environments? Just some.
Can someone who plays and likes the series explain the gameplay of this? I understand vaguely that it's a sim/strategy game, and have heard of the series, but what do you actually do? Genuinely curious, and trying to get a feel. Kind of a hard game to get a feel for from watching "gameplay".
Have you played the Witcher 3? It's a different game, in many ways, but an RPG well worth your time.
Could become a fast courier. 
I've had it happen in other areas too. When you're underground. 
Geralt's hair turns black underground, too. 
It's not a top tier iteration, but it makes some difference certainly. 
...No shit?
Ah, inane pedantry. How useful of you. 
LTI isn't the big deal people make it. Could care less.
Finally!
It's literally visibly not?
Which have some major blood vessels. Easy target to critically wound.
Ah, yeah. True that not everyone would've necessarily done that before. The perils of an open-world design, haha. 
Not really. It's clearly in-engine, though heavily posed and set up for the shot.
Those are mostly balance and maybe cockpit tweaks, though.
This looks amazing.
It helps to override one, and then take it out after one kills the other.
OLEDs: https://www.bestbuy.com/site/lg-55-class-54-6-diag--oled-2160p-smart-4k-ultra-hd-tv-with-high-dynamic-range/5763400.p?skuId=5763400

https://www.bestbuy.com/site/sony-55-class-54-6-diag--oled-2160p-smart-4k-ultra-hd-tv-with-high-dynamic-range/5770951.p?skuId=5770951

https://www.bestbuy.com/site/sony-65-class-64-5-diag--oled-2160p-smart-4k-ultra-hd-tv-with-high-dynamic-range/5770946.p?skuId=5770946

Best Low-End HDR TV: https://www.bestbuy.com/site/tcl-55-class-54-6-diag--led-2160p-smart-4k-ultra-hd-tv-roku-tv/5878703.p?skuId=5878703

Mid-End Sony HDR TV: https://www.bestbuy.com/site/sony-55-class-54-6-diag--led-2160p-smart-4k-ultra-hd-tv-with-high-dynamic-range/5748209.p?skuId=5748209

https://www.bestbuy.com/site/sony-65-class-64-5-diag--led-2160p-smart-4k-ultra-hd-tv-with-high-dynamic-range/5748207.p?skuId=5748207

https://www.bestbuy.com/site/sony-75-class-74-5-diag--led-2160p-smart-4k-ultra-hd-tv-with-high-dynamic-range/5748201.p?skuId=5748201

Decent Vizio HDR TVs: https://www.bestbuy.com/site/vizio-50-class-49-5-diag--led-2160p-smart-4k-ultra-hd-home-theater-display-with-high-dynamic-range/5762813.p?skuId=5762813

https://www.bestbuy.com/site/vizio-65-class-64-5-diag--led-2160p-smart-4k-ultra-hd-home-theater-display/5608905.p?skuId=5608905
Wow! Probably my favorite visual representation I've seen yet. Great job!
Hope you don't mind, but I did a little editing to try and clear up some of the pixelation this has at 4k. It does lose some detail and the like, but holds up a bit better at the higher res/DPI.

https://imgur.com/a/Lbh6A
It happens on mobile.
I did figure that one out, haha.
Unlikely. Totally different engine. Not impossible, but just not likely, either.
Super Vanguard Force is genuinely such fun. Great music, too.
That gradient banding. Ouch.
Yeah. All of its overly pricey, in my opinion. I think people would buy more, here and there, if everything wasn't as crazily expensive as it is. 
I feel like if effects are limited to a single hero, and are for purchase, they should be made available for all activities for that hero, not have to be rebought each for emote, execution, idle, etc. 
More like mythic outfits. 
It just feels a bit dickish right now. 
The rest is good, but I'm not sure I would tell people to force v-sync off globally. 
True. If taking their time means getting it right, though, i'm willing to wait. D:
Reminded me of the swamps of the first game. ðŸ’›
I mean. Considering the AC series, I don't think that's a concern.
Honestly, I would be so damn up for an ID-made souls-like. Like, hell yes. 
It does feel a bit at odds. Super futuristic can be cool, but right next to/built into something older, with no real blending or concern for the disparate styles, doesn't really work so well...
No problem. :)
The s405 is the best entry-level HDR TV you can get for the price. Good input lag too. HDR performance isn't amazing especially compared to high end, but you won't get better for the price. Interface is good, and image quality otherwise is also good. It's well recommended.
HDMI is backwards-compatible. So yes.
Fucking beautiful. 
I needed a pick-me-up, today. Thank you!
I don't think they are, honestly. Vehicles in Crysis 1 were awesome. Some of my favs. 
Quite right. Just making a clarifying point for others.
Not only backers.
Oversight, honestly, probably.
It'll come. This is just the bare first implementation. Also, those are..., real people's faces, so uh. Yeah. But more faces are coming too, plus the ability to blend them more complexly.
You mean bloodborne?
12!
Duh?
Uh. Fuck yeah, they are!
This is just darling.
It would literally just take a stat change in a spreadsheet.
If it was only an on system account, you'll have to recreate it, I imagine.
Nope. 
There shouldn't be any real difference. Variance in HDR quality will be more dependent on your TV, and also on any in-game white-point setup, brightness tuning, etc
Indeed. Will be interesting.
No real performance difference.
Look, I'm not saying Moash's hatred isn't justified, but his killing and other betrayals, and the extent of them definitely isn't?
Yeah. The recent reduction was a bad choice. I got literally kicked while I was waiting for respawn once.
These are fantastic. Easily some of the best Cosmere art I've seen. Very effective.
I seriously was expecting his name on this xD
Yeah, in terms of size, but not in terms really of perception of scale, or having ships from a tiny fighter genuinely to massive capital ships hundreds of times their size? SC has this such broad spectrum, and the sense of scale from those differences, is what makes that huge size difference actually feel real, for once!
Most do it through testing captured video. 
Might help: https://www.rtings.com/tv/reviews/lg/uj6300/settings
Could be. Could also be just due to how they handle data. Some games engines have off ways of compressing data that mean even if small things are changed, large patched are necessary, because everything else has to be replaced too.
They could just procedurally generate most of the layout of it, like the work they're doing now with spacestations? 
Is there any other game that actually captures range of scale at this level? Even the other big space games like Elite don't really, like this, I don't believe?
Looks nice, but just doesn't say "chocolate", to me. 
It's pretty short. Powerful, but not that game changing that often.
We don't have any clue whether Vanduul genders have dimorphic characteristics, so who knows?
There's some very interesting theories about them/why they're so antagonistic towards us, too. No idea if they have even a tiny bit of truth to them, but it'll be intriguing to see. 
I feel like it'll be more like fighting panthers or something. They're 7 and a half feet tall, born predators, with cybernetic enhancements. We will not be the hunters. We will be the prey. Only in like, large numbers, or with say Titan suits will we have a vaguely fair chance on foot, especially in certain environments. 
If the Vanduul are the Yuuzhan Vong, we're fucked. Those staffs are OP. Intelligent, reconfigurable, living weapon staffs that can spit venom and block intense energy? Plus the Vanduul are like 7 feet tall? Ouch. 
Love the erosion channels you can see from orbit. Looks great.
I mean, Star Citizen will probably come out before Half-Life 3, so..., why not? :P
Hey. It gets hot in there, man.
The Bengal has its own tram. The Retribution will have its own full mass transit network. :P
I mean, we always knew they were going to be in game... That's not the point of this...
Sadly. :(
Ouch. That's not good. This was a big problem with generic USB C chargers/cables a ways back. A shame Nintendo fell victim to this too. 

Could be a big enough problem for a recall, unless they somehow can fix it via firmware?
Yeah, yeah, but that was 3 years ago, and the Xi'an style, along with a lot of the things from that leak have been completely revamped. There was no guarantee any of that had survived. Or was relevant anymore. Terra was being developed back then, too, which isn't even remotely a thing being focused on for years now.
In all reality, that actually was genuinely impressive, on a technical level.
This was a really interesting episode. 

Like random mic drop that they already have some larger Xi'an vessels significantly far along? Which basically no one knew they were even working on, much less that far along? 


Fair enough. Just figured that ties pretty closely to the concept of a surreal polygonal music VR game!
Are you sure? It has some pretty glitchy netcode stuff too.
Yeah. Sparrows from Destiny are basically what everyone wants. And that would be fantastic.
Yeah actually. Anything that intercedes the cargo grid boxes cuts those boxes out of usable cargo.
Thumper?
Oh, I'm well aware. And I'm glad of it. Still a shame to see a studio fall into ruin, though.
It's a shame. They've made so many terrible decisions over the years, and yet had so much promise and talent. 
This. Big ships will be cool to occasionally see or visit, but they actually won't be what the majority of people will be using, at all. They're a big investment, risk, management issue, and operating cost, all in one. They're not the equivalent of having high level armor in an MMO. It's a whole different ballgame.
It's better? That's basically the difference. The p607/605 has a 10 bit panel and better brightness and HDR performance. The s405 is a great tv for the price, and does provide some enhanced contrast in HDR, but the p series is just plain better in basically all ways. Fair cost difference, though. 
Spend the extra 100. It'll be worth it in the long run. 
Lol
It's an excellent game. One of the best shooters in years. Give it a try.
Definitely a game that would shine with it. Probably not, since there's no mention, though?
Is there a timeline on when the PC crashes might get fixed? It's extremely discouraging. Especially in Dominion matched and the like, where I've put 10 or 20 minutes in, only to crash right near the end often. 

Also, any hope for cross-platform progression sync via uPlay? I'd love to play on PS4 in addition to PC, but no way I'm going to re-level everything and/or lose exclusive customizations, etc, and the like. 
Yeah. Captain Toad had excellent image quality with great AA. 
It's photoshopped. I think the background is from one of the old presentation's. 
It should in theory, probably. Though we'll probably see EMP resistant variants eventually, I'd imagine, as a sort of arm-race escalation.
Not really? That's not how things really work. You can't gauge the quality of an unknown thing or its state, on it being perceived late to something it's still technically not late for. That provides literally no useful information or perspective.
I mean, for one, only certain helmets. And also, just not that important at this stage?
The more annoying thing is that even when they do add things, they usually don't say anything.
I mean. It's literally just them doing their due diligence. If they didn't say that, people would freak that they're not communicating clearly that it's not in yet.
Hm. Interesting one. I'd say, especially on the easiest difficult, it's probably not too big a barrier. The main thing would just be that he's okay with intense graphic violence (against demons, but you know. And I know shooters are inherently violent, but some people are less okay with the intense gore and semi-horror stuff, or like, ripping people apart, I imagine?) and the whole sci-fi/fantasy demons on Mars thing. 

In some ways, I feel like it's both a really good and bad game to introduce someone to FPS's to with? Not because it's bad. But because it's insanely excellent. And there's not many modern shooters to match it. So his first FPS experience will be this amazingly slick and fantastic shooter, and most shooters after that are probably actually going to not compare so well? Haha. So like, it'll be a great first fps experience, but also possibly ruin other fps's down the road a bit, just because it's so solid? 


It's a windy region. 
Well, I'll be fucked. Wouldn't have though that'd be semi-accurate. Huh!
So oversharpened, though. What's the point of high res, if you're going to add a bunch of artifacting to it? 
I think it's a bit hard for a reigning King who inherited from his father, to be a "revolutionary." 

He's a despot, and pre-emptively crushing people who might be able to provide resistance, or intelligent dissent. He's not a revolutionary, though. He's more of a ruthless zealot, using the chaos of the nilfgaarfian invasion to seize power and mask his actions of genocide, prejudice, and tyranny, under the guise of protecting the North from Nilfgaard.
Kalkstein is half Gnome. So there's that...
Definitely a reference. 
Haven't encountered some of these before. Thanks!
Absolutely.
About the same. It's best in TV mode, but handheld mode works, though the oversharpening and stuff does let it down a bit in that mode.
What helmet is that? Actually fairly cool.
These are really nice. Well done!!!
Yeah, copper is definitely better.
This is strangely gorgeous.
I guess I just assumed it had made the transition from the 2017 roadmap, where it was planned for 3.4. Huh!
Damn. Just checked, and you're right. Was that changed recently? I swear it was on there last time I checked?
Forgive me. I don't know why my mind had me write Hurston. I meant only Crusader. I was thinking of the landing zone Orrison, on Crusader. 
This feels a bit grim rather than holy/angelic. Just my opinion. 
Well, we should see the basics of that by the end of this year theoretically, since  Crusader is on the schedule for 3.4, and that's a gas giant/dwarf. (It's massive, but actually in lore and scientifically, on the much smaller side of gaseous planets. There are muchhh bigger gas giants in other systems in the verse, both SC and RL. ) 
In space, no one can hear you glitch.
Nice, but bit low res. Better quality here: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DVi6u-jV4AAUXFD.jpg:orig
They've made it even worse lately. It's even more restrictive now. I just outright decided there's no way I'm paying for literally the ability to even just play from the selection I'm supposed to. (It'll just start adding other shit now.)
Looking forward to this as a way to try games out. 
There is a chance. Literally and mathematically. Is it highly likely? No. But it's absolutely possible. And we simply don't know enough yet to say one way or another.
Don't know, but it's probably more likely. It could still be late 2018, kind of depends on where they actually are and how they want to handle marketing/ramp up to launch.
Thanks!
It's great, and a great port. Highly recommend. Nothing quite like it.
Some of it. Don't think some of the new stems are.
You have to install a bunch digitally anyway, with this one. So it's not a big storage savings.
Is it actually curved, or just painted to look like it is?
Not my style, but executed well!
Yup. This.^
Eh. It's actually a lot closer than most.
Horizon/Guerrilla has a lot going on outside of just graphics, technologically. They have some bleeding edge audio, animation, procedural environment creation, simulation, and ai-logic systems. On top of some of, if not the best graphics out there, especially for an open world title. They deserve it. BOTW's sim systems are impressive in how they tie together, but Guerrilla has a ton of astounding things going on under the surface of Horizon, even in just terms of how they developed the game and put together their pipelines and systems. They really are leading the industry at the moment, in many respects. There's a reason Kojima jumped on their engine. It's got a lot going for it.
Hahahahaha
Eh. Not to the level that's going on with modern animation systems. 
Is there a version of this image where the bottom isn't cut off, or an original version of the image? 
These are the same resolution.
I read that as "MOAR HEAD ALEWENCH" ðŸ˜‚
Smugglers run was great fun. :D
I feel like a cape is needed.
Huh. Okay. Interesting. Didn't realize that.
What do you mean, exactly?
Yup. Seems to be. Everything.
I'm a viking, and I have no idea what we're doing. We went from owning everyone, to just getting demolished.
I was on mobile and thought this was a summary poster. Jesus Christ, man. Don't play with my heart like that.
Looks like this is possibly closer to the original. Uncropped. https://i.imgur.com/JReUoNB.jpg
Not from the ground up. But it's different enough that it's in no way an insubstantial project to take on.
Valkyrie is definitely tough. 
Honestly, almost all of the conqueror helms look shitty.
Shinobi is fairly tough to make unique, I feel like. 
How. Jesus. 
Yeah. Just making them descriptive, over actually being classifications would be better, probably. 
Yeah. Most of the stuff I want to turn off can't be turned off by itself.
No kidding. That attack loop is terrifying.
It's a fair change. A lot is different. It's doable, but you have to have the incentive, time, and money.
This one particularly, since it's not any kind of huge upgrade but basically a port. I'd rather have the portability of Switch, and I wouldn't be losing out really, in terms of visuals.
True enough. Looks cool, though, for a wallpaper. 
Isn't this called last laugh? And it doesn't happen if you execute them.
Bad bot
Galaxy actually scales very well. If you use a emulator to run it at very high res, the art style scales up surprisingly successfully. That's the benefit of Nintendo's often more stylized aesthetics. 
Yes. Absolutely.
True. Or we have that small salvage skiff that people voted for. 
Indeed!
This thing still looks like it's back in the Holo design era. Does Google just hate making things cohesive, or what? Everything they do is all over the place. 
Wow. I just got kicked for inactivity from an AI only match with matchmaking turned off and only me in it, while I had the game minimized/paused to reply to something. Fucking seriously? Jesus, Ubi. 
The crashes right at the end of Dominion matches are super great, too!
I hope there's maybe a patch soon. The crashes and issues on PC are getting extremely annoying.
Not really. Since this is on the 19th...
Zelda is a bit of a different ballgame, honestly. I don't put those in the same group, at all. 
A Star Fox RPG ala Mass Effect style could be really damn intriguing. Probably never going to happen though. 
I think a Nintendo take on the action-adventure genre in the vein of Uncharted/Tomb Raider could be interesting. Doesn't necessarily have to be mature, like those, but could be, alas Bayonetta, etc. I think just in terms of gameplay and stuff, Nintendo could do something pretty interesting and compelling in that area, and at the same time get into a genre and market they haven't really played much in, before.
Honestly, it IS doable, but I wouldn't expect a 60 fps target for Switch. 
Real Racing was such a good set of games before they got bought by EA. Gameplay wise they're still okay, but they have IAP and grindey stuff all over the place, now. :(
Divinity Original Sin for switch, please.
Doesn't hurt, since some of the fun is the chaos of friendly fire and stuff, but it's definitely not necessary.
Yeah. 15$ seems like maybe a reasonable price point. 
It can't really hold solid on any console. Sadly, it's only really solid on PC.
Considering the other console ports are somewhat lacking, maybe it's for the best. Maybe it'll show up eventually, though.
I think originally in the concept it has like tons of them, like 30-40. I believe that's what they're referring to. They're still there, just not quite as many or as caterpillar-like as the original concept.
Wouldn't be surprised if maybe he's working on something for them again soon/currently, though. Would make sense to bring him out and cover his work, if they were going to focus on a new design of his, soon. 
It's just a skin, likely. We'll have customization eventually, anyway.
Yeah. It's frustrating, since normal progression is so slow otherwise. Not being able to change our orders is bad, too. I keep getting orders to play with a friend, which, cool, great, but I don't have any on PC that play For Honor, or that will join a match. So that's basically a wasted order for me.
I thought copyrighting gameplay is impossible?
Keep at it, bot bro. You're getting close!
Nice. Shinobi is one of the harder ones to customize well, imo.
-whoosh-
It's definitely been refined, as they've built it out. Looking good.
Very, very likely.
If they are, they aren't listed on the color screens as being possible team colors to unlock. They're not displayed as that. Only 2 mythical outfit colors are shown as being possible to unlock, for Highlander. If there are more, they don't show that to you. Which is part of my problem.
I guess I misspoke a bit. Contract orders refresh every 48. Which is even worse, honestly.
So beautifully soft. Mmf.
Holy hell. Just. Fucking wow. 
Look, if we really are going to get into this, literally no one knows how OG Latin was actually pronounced. No one. 
What's with all the prices, man. 
I wish they would at least remove the tutorial prompts on hard and realistic. Or make it a settings option. It's so damn annoying when grinding for the unique customizations. 
It's so goddamn frustrating. 
"cheap" effect
Honestly if they just refreshed the orders every 12 or 6 hours instead of every 24, I'd be content with that. The game feels semi-pointless if I've finished all available orders. Which sometimes can be done quite quickly. It feels dumb on Ubi's part when I consider playing and then think, "nah, there's no point in doing so before midnight (EST), I'll just play tomorrow". Says something about the progression. 
I really want this too. Been wanting to play on PS4 on my TV, but having none of my progression/customization sync between that and PC, would just suck. 
Is it possible it's somehow like 1.25x slower or something? That sounds really strange.
Been on sale a number of times. 
Any word on the quality of the Syberia ports? Is it a worthwhile way to play those games? 
Probably has to do with performance, at some level, since they can be used on characters.
Incredible cleavage. Love the cardigan.
I'm a bit late, but holyyyyyy hell. 

Just, Wow.
Amen!
Eh. I could see a sequel by like 2020. But yeah. Exactly.
Pretty badass, actually.
It's stuff like this, that makes me think why we'll get a sequel. If they really want to take things to another level, no pun intended, they'll need to do a full sequel and engine upgrade. Some crazy potential though.
To be honest, I would hesitate to, personally.
I want to like this game, and part of me does, but never getting past the first boss kind of makes it hard to enjoy, considering it's a level-based roguelike. I like the gameplay, style, etc, but it's either just too hard, or is missing something in terms of gameplay. I generally enjoy challenging games and can sooner than later move up the difficulty curve, but there's just no progression or interesting change or learning here. It's just not satisfying. I dunno. Want to like and enjoy the game, but it just gets tiring and feels shallow. 
Nexus 7

Google Now
She's definitely not the best, but I think mine looks decent: https://imgur.com/a/7SXxf

Personal taste and all, though.
It's very well regarded critically, as an excellent puzzle game.
Yeah, I wasn't entirely sure, because of all that. Especially after we got a release date.
Is Octopath Traveler not a codename anymore and just the actual name, or are we still waiting on an actual title for that? 
Yeah. The title comes off very different from what it's actually about.
Makes me think of the Palouse.
Dunno if you made this, but nice work. Only piece of criticism is the grid on the left feels like it doesn't blend in as smoothly as it could.
Yup.
It'll have a complete revamp. They've said that. It'll need to be completely redone and reconcepted probably. 
The summary video might be better for you, if this one gives you trouble.
If your iPad meets their requirements, it's pretty capable. 
She's got quite the cute smile.
What a delightful little slut.
This is so much closer to how they're described in the books, and how I think of them. The VR direction art-wise is completely out there, and seriously divergent from their written descriptions,
I'm just speaking to steelbooks in general. Not specifically Mirror's Edge ones.
I swear they always do XP fests whenever I specifically am away from home and can't play. Hopefully I'll be able to make this one. 
You actually got into one? I wish we could at least play AI matches while waiting for tournaments to have people. 
Is easily breakable the same thing as easily replaceable? Not so sure.
Yeah. True. Usually pricey though. And would be nice if they were just officially available. Oh well. Alas. Not the end of the world or anything.
Indeed. Especially since Eurogamer's staff seem to have a pretty close relationship with CDPR, as a studio, and have done a number of exclusives and in-depth interviews/longforms with them, before. 

They're gearing up for broader coverage. I'd imagine that's for a reason, even if they can't share that reason, or the timing of that reason. They can build up to it without ever outright mentioning it. Not uncommon these days, with NDAs.
Holy blurry.
Man, I get the point, but I wish it was easier to get steelbooks after release, on their own. 
Cool. Thanks. Hadn't heard that.
Really? The analysis I've seen have been pretty sour, in terms of the performance. It's not the worst, but far from great. 
Good point.
Huh. Always the risk of dealing with 3rd party peripherals. 
...to fight crabs with crabs?
Tru. it's like the only really bad weak point. Even the angle is just bizarre.
Ton of characters is probably responsible for that. 
Man, still waiting for Battle chasers on Switch. Supposedly they were close to fixing the unity issues.
Cool! A true classic.
God, Black Ops is getting boring at this point. Wish they would try something new. At least Sledgehammer clearly tries to do somewhat original or varied things with their entries.
True. But as far as the armor and clothing.
Tbh, it looks better than the actual Apollyon design in some ways.
Wonder if this improves stability/server stability any. Been having some weird experiences lately.

Eurogamer has some solid writing usually.
Yes. Absolutely. 
Mine mostly crash before I can finish them. Really wish they would fix the bugs on PC.
Ah, okay. I see. I'd been away from the game since launch for awhile.
Tbh, it was a pretty blatant troll attempt, if they weren't trying to signal that. A Diablo nightlight that they switch on and off 3 times? I mean, come on.
Pretty ambitious port, but hey, let them try. Would be very cool.
I'm sure they'll be called contracts. It's such an obvious naming scheme.
Yeah. I was thinking about this for a while and wondering why we're not allowed to, and came to the conclusion that it's probably a design decision, such that no matter how you customize, there's always some color somewhere to help identify what team you are, to others. (In theory. Obviously this breaks with a number of patterns and colour swatches. But I think that's the intended idea.)
Wow. Never realized agave plants were that big? At that scale, they look almost alien!
Not sure about the face, but otherwise probably one of the best Mistborn illustrations I've seen. Great rendition of the cloak. 
Ah, okay. Yeah. That's the one. So they gave out better ones earlier on?
Am I crazy? I swear the last war reward was a unique ornament? Or have they given that same one out before?
Rage 2 on idtech 6 could be veryyy interesting.
Gorgeous pic, and almost looks like a painting, and definitely evokes a very specific style, but not Renaissance really. I could see this fitting well in Dishonored or something. Lovely image.
I dunno. The Draugr in W2 is pretty impressive in size and in battle.
Huh. Honestly, that still really doesn't make them that useful. They'll have a very small clearance, and just don't look right, and don't feel like what goes with Consolidated Outlands' bleeding edge aesthetic. But dunno. Not the biggest thing. Just feels super out of place to me.
Yeah, I'm not sure what the plan with the wings are, but the wheeled landing gear just looks super off to me and doesn't seem to make much sense either. Should just be extendable strut landing gear.
I really wish they'd ditch the wheels for struts of some kind.
The Mustang is looking gorgeous, except for one thing. The wheeled landing gear. It just looks..., Wrong. Not to mention that if you're keeping the wing struts, which touch the ground, it's not going to roll very well anyway, and it's not really necessary anyway, with these ships. Should be strut landing gear, rather than wheels. Would look much better and makes more sense.
Thanks!
Wow. The gradients in this are lovely.
Beautiful.
Holyyyyyy hell. How did you not cause some massive car crashes?
Damn, girl!
Yeah. I wished they had handled that more lore-friendly.
Steel costs for most things are obscene. Progression in this game is very tiring. It feels like you're being constantly punished for progressing. It ruins the best part of it.
Lol. This has been the story with companies like Adobe and Autodesk for a VERY long time now. Long before the subscription models. They dominate the market, and then basically languish, since they have no competition. Windows has a similar situation. 

Luckily at least in the Adobe area, we're finally starting to see some viable competitors in the last few years. 
Uh, duh?
Thanks. Got it reserved for pickup at that price tomorrow.
I'm always surprised by how inventive but believable most of the bot names are. Haven't seen many repeated. 
Very Kelt-ish. Nice! Love the colours and combos. Rep 24 though. Sheesh. I don't even have any characters at Rep 3! Wow!
Yeah. Mankind Divided was surprisingly bland, after HR. HR's music is so rich and atmospheric and has really iconic recognizable tracks. So much less so for the follow-up. A shame.
Star Citizen in particular puts a lot of pressure on IO. Running it off an SSD makes quite a difference, though it won't solve all your problems, certainly.
Sadly, no. 
Damn. Those are really cool. These were a limited time thing, right?
I mean. The explanation is date based quarterly patches. Which is good. Some content and features is far better than none, even if it's not the things we'd want. 
I mean. The explanation is date based quarterly patches. Which is good. Some content and features is far better than none, even if it's not the things we'd want. 
I mean. The explanation is date based quarterly patches. Which is good. Some content and features is far better than none, even if it's not the things we'd want. 
Tier zero implementations. Just getting a basic function of the mechanic in some form. It's no where near final.
Sleek. Dig it.
Maybe if they were to do a sequel. Otherwise, probably not.
Probably some day. A new faction would be cool.
Yeah, some of them are slightly different, but that is literally the same.
Indeed. I think team colors are a good thing and help a lot with identifiability, but there are some red-orange, and blue-green-purple neutral skins that aren't added to the team options when unlocked, even though they fit the category, and really should be. 
The game crashes are pretty frustrating, both in-match, and end-match, since both screw you over on any xp/score/kills you got. Dedicated servers are nice, though, though I still get error code disconnects occasionally. 

Game also now consistently can't close when shut down now, and has to be shut down in task manager. Think this might actually have to do something with the memory leak that's causing other issues/crushes? Just a hunch. Could be wrong, but seems somehow like there might be a connection there.
Fully aware it's subjective. And wasn't saying anything disregarding your statement? 
Hm. Probably the Dark Souls Remaster, honestly. The idea of playing that game anywhere is EXTREMELY attractive.
Ugh. It's a good game, but honestly this is getting ridiculous. And there were plenty of other fantastic games that came out during the same year. 
Oh, I know! Very aware of that and the many other callbacks they try to tie inbetween ships of the same manufacturer! 

I just think it's particularly interesting in this case, since the Redeemer is a community made ship originally, and it's current status/design/future is a bit in question at the moment, as it's been said a full, complete rework will be necessary for it to make it into the game. So it's cool to see them potentially setting up elements/echoes of its design as commonplace in other Aegis ships, especially since we haven't been wholly sure how much the design would remain intact, or if they'd just do a complete redesign. This seems to suggest they're thinking ahead and trying to keep elements of it, and also work it more into the common Aegis style.
It has resemblances there, too, but I specifically did mean the Redeemer, actually. From the front, there's a surprising resemblance in shape. 
I think we need another 420 posts or so. ;)
Man, sounds like I need some new friends... ;)
Phenomenal!
So dreams can come true! 

Just- 

wow.
Could show up in SQ42 episode 2. But that's at least 2-4 years away, at bare minimum, probably? Interesting ship, though.
It's interesting how much it resembles the redeemer, looking at it straight-on from the front. Kind of cool that they're building some of that common design language in there, even though it's a quite different ship, in most other ways even visually.
All of the steel prices and bundles and outfits are too high. Especially since outfits and the bundles are usually character specific, not even faction specific or something.
Very cool service. Thanks. 

Interface is a bit of a pain on phones, though. 
Yeah. It's almost purely a people transport ship. It'll come late. I'd almost say you might see variants focused on other things before the normal Starliner.
Mean what is happening?
Wouldn't be surprised if it gets a rework, honestly. It's a gorgeous design, but the implementation has some really weird decisions.
It's true with any hardware. Yes, moreso with the Cell architecture, but it applies in general.
Man, so glad Doom switched to the Box art. It's rockin'. 
All tasks aren't necessarily equal in magnitude, either. 
I think you may have a lemon. 
This is an incredibly dumb comment. 
A hurricane, maybe?
Well. Motion controls also can refer to like, gyro based joycon motion controls where you're using them more like a wii-mote...
Gyro control, or motion controls?
Would be nice if Digital Foundry could do an analysis of this patch.
I really wish they had cross platform progression. I'm getting a PS4 soon and it'd be nice to play on my TV occasionally but I don't want to start my progression completely over. 
Holyyyyyy shittt. 

Jaw on the floor. Just wow. And a hell of an outfit.
A woman after my own heart! And what a celebration!
Not so much bad news, really.
It's clearly helped a lot the more control he's been given over the community team. He's completely revamped the shows and interactions, and slowly improved it consistently.
Multiple colors! What a concept!
Any proof for that?
Do they now? That's good! I remember the older ones didn't, and haven't encountered many newer Xbox Ones in the wild. It's definitely a great feature. 
Indeed. One of the features I love so much about the PS4's controllers.
Apparently CR got his collector's edition the other day and was walking around the CIG LA offices with the (very legitimately real) sword from it, and was having a bit of fun with it in regards to surprising people in the office. xD


Definitely a hardcore sort of sim-like game. Beautiful though, in places. Played through the first hour or so, and enjoying it thus far, in particular the base story, and obviously the beautiful countryside and audio-work. Curious to see how it turns out as a whole. Have it on PC via the base limited edition, but might pick it up on PS4 if the port is decent. It's a game that would shine on a big screen and 4k/higher res's, and I feel like the combat is probably easier with a controller. My desktop can't pull a consistent 60fps anyway, and even on lower settings, the visual selling points still look lovely, from what I've seen messing around with settings.


Here's the launch trailer, if anyone's curious (the time travel one is fun, but not as representative): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IWG3oA8Hjm8
Looks like a photo, to me.
Not quite for me, but definitely more in that direction than this, for sure. 
This. It literally is thought to be actual armor, at first.
Not specifically, but really not that far in, honestly. I got past the introduction of the scribe who recognizes the main character. Can't remember much else. Not sure how far I got past that. It just so utterly didn't grab me, that I have trouble even remembering much, or names, or knowing why I should care. Which is fairly uncommon for me, when it comes to books.
That really just depends on the model though. More which TV you're using than anything else.
Keep sharpening to a minimum, if any, in your settings. That said, in many cases it works quite well. I have a 55" 4k TV, and most games look fine, if your tv is decent at upscaling. The image can be soft, sure, but in no way bad, especially if the game has AA. I've been impressed by how well some things hold up. 

That said, multiplatform experiences like Skyrim definitely don't hold up as well, especially since the Switch version doesn't seem to use the new special edition's temporal AA, and is missing a ton of other visual features. That said, Doom on the other hand looks really quite decent even, and Switch exclusives or indies generally look quite satisfactory.

LG's 4k OLEDs are fantastic. That alone will make a big difference visually. Having infinite contrast ratios is a big thing. Great HDR results, too. (Which is not relevant for Switch I suppose. Yet.) Congrats! I have a solid entry-level 4k hdr TV, but those high-end OLEDs are just another world in terms of what they can offer up. You'll enjoy it, I'm sure. They're supposed to be fantastic for gaming. 
Eurogamer is fairly credible, FWIW.
I'll gladly take it off your hands! :P
Eh. That setup is hard on my hands after a while. Not very ergonomic.
That used to be the case. Kind of changing these days, though. They're definitely not wholly console-centric, though, unlike most. 
Oh cool! This has excellent console ports that run flawlessly (Digital Foundry even did a whole video praising them, just because they were so great), so hopefully that same pedigree of performance will be applied to the Switch version!
Theoretically that's supposedly planned to some extent. But honestly, it's a long way away, if ever. We have so much other stuff to get out of the way first. 
Very valid. Someone did it at like Wing Commander resolutions a ways back, and it still worked really well actually. Just looked like gorgeous pixel art.
They do do stuff, just not much, and they're not always the most sensical in what and how much they change.
Thanks! I'll chill out to this on my TV in a bit!
The current control method/way hoverbikes/speederbikes fly in the game is not..., optimal, basically.

The bikes themselves are gorgeous though. Just the gameplay needs to improve.
The yellow looks fantastic in game, especially. Love it. Definitely looking forward to the riding experience improving, though! Hoping for something closer to Destiny's Sparrows, but maybe with a bit more depth.
Handsome doggo. 10 out of 10!
I'm able to. 

Just struggling to feel it's worth it, especially to do so again. I've tried several times now with the book, and it's very rare when I'm in that situation where it's just not clicking, that I actually come out the other side after forcing  myself, with a different/more positive opinion. (Though there are a few instances where it's happened, so it's not without possibility.)
Game doesn't officially release till the 13th.
You can just pop it in and play... The experience will just be more polished/improve if you update. Just the reality of a mastering process that requires a physical release. 
You don't have to download it. It's a good idea though, if you can.
Nice, but the gradient banding is a bit distracting. 
I've seen this said a lot, and seen it given a lot of praise, but man, whether it's the audiobook or the actual hardcopy book, I just can NOT get into this one. 

Curious why it works for so many people, but not me. 
That's a very cool little fact. Thanks!
Have you tried the original books? The show is good, but the books are excellent.

BSG though, definitely a classic. 
Can't wait for them to fix that atmosphere rendering bug.
It would be pretty easy for them to do so. They just have to make the decision.
I mean. Also very unfinished?
I..., Huh. I mean, tbh, that could be actually interesting?
Cyberpunk: Gwent story expansion subtitled Adventures Through Time and Space following Ciri's time in Night City xD
Supposedly they are working on something for audio fixed, but beyond that, not much info, or when.
They're hovering a bit, actually if you look closely. At least the rear ones.
It's pretty hard on my hands. I get cramps, often, and have to take breaks somewhat often. I've been meaning to pick up a pro controller to improve the experience docked, but haven't gotten around to it. 
Slightly disappointed to be honest, but improvement is better than none, I suppose.
Wow! This is a gorgeous skin!
Yeah. I feel like it probably doesn't make sense. I get the idea behind it, but feel 1.0 would be a more transparent and logical jump.
Three would've been a bit much, but an extra one probably would've worked.
With a 1070, and current server framerates, there's basically no loss in performance probably, so definitely!
It depends. It should always improve aliasing issues barring anything weird. (See Rise of the Tomb Raider.) It depends more on the engine on whether other things will see according improvements, but certain things like high frequency texture detail and filtering, and any resolution dependent or Screen-space effects respond basically linearly to higher resolutions in quality, even when downscaled.
No difference really. At least behind the screen. That's basically the benefit. You're essentially getting a supersampled, more finely rendered image with less aliasing and more detail, at a lower screen resolution. This works because 3d-wise, there's still a ton of imperfections in rendering generally at native resolutions, and a lot of accomodations/tradeoffs made for performance at normal resolutions like 1080p. So you still get visual benefit by displaying a higher res 3d image in motion on a lower res screen often, since you essentially get a lot of those imperfections, aliasing, artifacting, flickering and other such distractions improved since you're actually rendering them at 4x the resolution. Likewise, textures and material detail can also be more detailed and cleaner, as the increased detail on what would otherwise be subpixel detail still is resolved to a higher level, mip maps are often rendered higher, and texture filtering (no matter the AF level) is inherently scaled based on the resolution the scene is being rendered at. 

This is why for instance, say in Horizon Zero Dawn on PS4 Pro in 4k mode, there's increased texture detail even on a 1080p screen over the base console even without any improvements to AF filtering levels or higher res textures, because the base resolution that AF is being calculated at is 4 times higher. 

This goes for a lot of things, like Screen-space effects, reflections, shadows in some cases, and things like fine text detail for things exactly like SC's current render-to-texture ship screens. CryEngine/Lumberyard as an engine also scales exceedingly well with resolution generally in terms of quality, as a lot of its effects and rendering are very sensitive to rendering resolution, so moreso than some games/engines, the more resolution you can give the engine, you'll get very noticable increases in quality across the board just from upping resolution. This is super noticable in games like Prey or Homefront: The Revolution, where the difference between being at 1080p or so, and being at higher resolutions, even below 4k, is drastic on the entire image,  even when all other settings are the same. 
Ravens are the imperial sigil, aren't they, so...?
Incredibly!
In some old ATVs and RTVs/Subscriber Town Halls/livestreams. Quite old ones, probably 8 months - a year and a half ago, at least? Couldn't give you a specific episode off the top of my head. But it was hinted at and mentioned several times as being an area of interest. But like I said, don't expect it any time soon, likely. Other things are definitely likely to take precedence, and they haven't mentioned the concept in a while, and SM/AC are understandably taking a bit of a back seat right now, in development.
Eh. First steps. The moons will probably change a fair bit over the next year anyway, as they continue to polish the planetary tech.
It's been hinted at as something they'd like to do, before, and probably will happen someday, but don't expect it for sure, especially any time soon. 
Yeah, sorry, but if I'm paying 10$ a month for a service to provide me music, I shouldn't have to resort to awkward and imperfect workarounds just to be able to access said music in a provided library... There shouldn't be a song limit period, and if there does have to be one, it shouldn't be anywhere close to as low as it currently is. It's just dumb and almost insulting to paying customers.
Don't have SMO. 

Just other things have been a priority. Bought a decent TV, for instance. (Didn't have one for gaming/personal use, at all, previously.) Also putting some decent sound and a PS4 Pro to go with said TV, first, before it. 

Looking forward to play it maybe around my birthday in a month or so. It's not going to get worse, so no harm in waiting a bit!
Yeah. In this case, it's not so much bad port as all bad ports. It's just not sound Performance-wise, on any platform. PS4/Pro is probably the most stable without having an insane PC. 
Indeed. It's a shame. Tequila Works seem to make otherwise interesting and compelling games, but when it comes to tech, they really need to hire some people, or just admit it's not their strong suite, and get some help. 
What do you mean, exactly? Like the original lead-developed-for version? Not sure. But none of the versions are great in terms of performance, so not entirely sure it matters? 
Lol
Supposedly there's a Doom patch coming. They responded a ways back. 
I mean, Spotify in terms of UX and usability/user friendliness is pretty shitty in general, honestly. 

The fact that there's a remarkably small cap to how many songs you can have in your library, even when paying for the service, is an utter joke. 
This is pretty clearly unintended. File a bug. 
Sure. No problem.
Even the PC version. 

The general consensus is that it's not a bad game itself at all, but the developer is pretty incompetent when it comes to technology, and so even on PC it has performance issues (even on high spec rigs?), along with basically every other port. Basically, much like The Sexy Brutale, a good game otherwise sadly plagued by technical implementation issues. 
Thanks for that tip.
Some are better than others, but none of them are good, per say.
I'd be a bit worried about the open fan port and the like, but hard to say. 
Much higher res: http://az715611.vo.msecnd.net/images/3ce14358-77db-491d-ac86-1a66d207d295.jpg
Pretty solid, frankly. It's a fun game. Some things could be improved, and it's getting dedicated servers soon. 
It's still alive. At least on PC.
This is awesome. Great execution!
This is stunning. Is the figure original, too, or just the glitch?
It means you'll get enhanced panel brightness and contrast, but none of the extra colour range. Which can still be a sizable benefit/difference over without any of that. Games like GT Sport especially make this obvious. 
TCL p607/605 is best bang for your buck, likely. 
TCL P607/605 is one of the best bang for your buck 4K HDR TV's you can get at the moment. 
I believe they actually used some of his work as inspiration when working on the planets? But I can't remember the name specifically and I'm on mobile so can't look through the papers in depth to check if it's the same.
Looks like a fairly normal exposure, to me?
Most reviews and opinions ive seen have been fairly positive, especially considering it's a first effort?
Huh. That's somewhat disappointing. I mean, if it's stable solid framerates and decently antialiased, then that's something, certainly, but for games as old as they are, and how well it runs on pretty modest PC hardware, 1080 60fps doesn't seem like too much to ask. Or at least 900p. 
Here's a higher res: http://www.tokkoro.com/picsup/2632831-exoplanet-4k-wallpaper-for-hd-desktop.jpg
Thanks!!!
Love me some Sean. I know he's super busy, but I still kind of wish he had his own show. I love the tech info he gives us when he's on-screen.
In terms of DualShock support? Nope. Probably not going to happen any time soon, either. Probably just not a big priority, really. 
Surprised it's honestly getting any kind of a patch. Will be curious if it makes any difference. I really want to play this game, as the general consensus is that it's fairly good, but the technical incompetence and issues are making it very unnatractive, especially on Switch. 
Man, I would kill for Gyro assisted aiming. I keep instinctively trying to correct/fine-tune my aim with the controller gyro, and it's messing with me when nothing happens, haha. 
It's a great port of the game, but the audio bugs are really common and kind of unacceptable. Really hope they get fixed, especially since the game is getting a bunch of sales right now due to being on sale. 
Especially Nintendo, who often includes a lot more than just some basic fixes under this description. Ugh. Come on, guys. Pay the intern to write a few lines of what's actually changed. Please.
Eh. For multiplayer games it sort of works, but for primarily single-player games, this isn't really much of an argument. It's like saying, hey, you have Dark Souls 2, why would you want Dark Souls 1? New sequels are great, but games have individual merit and value. 
Could just do it digital only.
Such an obvious one, especially since they just did the HD port for other consoles.
I'd imagine it's 720p mobile, 1080 docked? Anything less would be pretty surprising. That's not a confirmation though, obviously.
Hm. A favorite word? That's hard. 

Churl/churlish?
There's just something so rich about it, as an insult/descriptor, and just the sound and flow of it!

As far as games, hm.
Would love either Xenoblade 2 or Mario Odyssey? Choice is up to you, if I get picked! Surprise me! (Digital preferred.)

Thanks for the chance! It's very generous of you! Best of luck to everyone!!!

Rule 1: Never miss out on Sean. 
I think someone's compensating. ;P
Would be nice to get native DS4 support in SC. It's pretty common these days. That's one thing Ubisoft has done excellent of late, with full DS4 support and matched icon prompts, out of the box in basically all of their recent games.
The Gladius is a sexy beast, period. 
" 'ello, poppy."
Any chance of a 21-9 version?
I need them in Doom. I keep trying to correct/more precisely aim using my Switch and it's throwing me off. 
What? How? It's a super low-spec game.
Wow! These are probably some of the best custom joy cons I've seen honestly. They just.., work.
Not entirely surprising, but still, Jesus.
Most hated is a bit overly vitriolic/exaggerated.... 
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Between the two studios. From what we know, the Krakow studio isn't working on Cyberpunk. And not all of the Warsaw studio is, either.
Oh, Summer Child. You actually think there's a chance they would even do this? This game is on life support. It's been improved and is in a better state, but there's almost no chance of much genuinely new content much less support of that level. Most of Massive is no longer on the project and the plan was clearly never for this to be a game with long-term support. (Possibly for the best, considering some of the behind-the-scenes issues and technology problems underling the game's larger missteps.) Easier to build on the concept from a new, clean codebranch of the engine and backend, with those things already addressed, and sell it as an improved sequel. 
These are really nice. Way better than a lot of the covers used most places!
Good point. Land battles could still occur on planets without human-friendly atmospheres, or without any atmosphere at all. Something current tanks aren't exactly built for.
Considering the water/wave simulation Crytek had in Crysis 1 in 2007, I think we'll be okay. That's still gorgeous and better than many today, and I can't imagine CIG doing worse than 10 year old tech with the same people who often made a lot of that tech.
Awesome, man! This is great!
That..., would be bomb.
For games like Celeste where there's little to no difference in terms of presentation and the like, and the plus of portability is really relevant, Switch seems like the obvious choice. 
Gotta admit, an original halo trilogy on Switch.... Man. Hell yes. And Microsoft could basically print money with that.
I feel like that could actually happen? Fairly sure their exclusivity deal is over?
Neurovoider, sort of? The setting is sci-fi at least, somewhat. 


Thanks. Was curious about that. DF does good work, but they don't always go back and report on changes/updates/fixes, sadly.
God, yes!
This is just fan art, guys. Calm down.
The quality of a film score really in no way correlates to the film. I have some scores I absolutely love or enjoy a ton and that are great, but where the film isn't worth much really... Talented people can work on otherwise lacking things and still have their work out of the whole be solid...
Yet they're still by Williams... Which shows it's more the collaboration between filmmaker and composer has changed, with Lucas being no long involved. And that's one case where I don't think anyone can argue that it was better with Lucas and Williams collaborating on the score and what they wanted; the first 6 scores are phenomenal. The latest two have been..., mostly workmanlike. Feeling like Williams hasn't really been allowed to let loose and explore new themes, concepts, ideas that much...
His work on The Pacific is lovely, IMHO, and honestly his action score for the old Hitman movie was enjoyable. He's a solid choice. 
Awh, I kinda enjoyed the frank realness of the dev chatlogs. Gave really good insight.
Good god. I just had a vision of an Idris breaching from below the water, like a whale coming up, and then just blasting out of the waves, foam turning to mist as it's crisped by the thrusters, surging into sub-orbital battle, water streaming off it, and just God damn. I need to see that visual. 
Dude, by that logic Yennefer is equally bad, if not worse. 
There actually aren't any scars. They were removed visibly by healing. It's more of a psychological thing, supposedly.
It's super good, too!
So maybe before the end of February? Well, I can wait. 
Perfectly fine. I'm sure there's a risk, but I've not had any issues at all.
Ouch!
Great! Okay, so you should be able to access your nvidia settings by right-clicking on your desktop and there should be an option. 

Then, on the left, navigate first to "Adjust Desktop Size and Position". Change the scaling mode to "Aspect Ratio", and set the scaling to be performed on the GPU, not the Monitor. 
These changes will let you display 21-9 (and other aspect ratio) resolutions natively (with black bars, no distortion) on a 16-9 (or other) screen. 

Then navigate on the left to "Change resolution", and you should see near the bottom a "Customize" button. 

Click the "customize..." button, and you'll see a list of resolutions with a button to add new ones, at the bottom. 
Click the checkmark below the list that lets you use custom resolutions, then. . .

Click the "Create Custom Resolution" button, and put in your desired resolution. If you want a 21-9 ultrawide resolution, this will be either 1920 x 810 on a 1080p monitor, 2560 x 1080 on a 1440p monitor, or 3440 x 1440 on a 2160p/4K monitor. 

Alternatively, you can create the higher ones even if you only have a 1080p or 1440p monitor, and with the higher res ones you'll get a downsampled 21-9 image which will be crisper, more detailed, and with less aliasing, etcetera. (Good for screenshots, video, etc.) Downsampling does take extra GPU power, though, as you're rendering that higher resolution. Though it's worth saying that Star Citizen is currently not GPU-limited in terms of performance, so low framerates are generally not from render resolution, if you have a good GPU. 

Hope that helps!
If you have any questions or anything else, just reply! Sorry it took so long to get back to you with an answer. I'm out of the country and a bit busy, but finally got some time to write it all out. 
No thanks. Looks like bolted on parts to a Carrack. Just, eh. Sorry.
Most people seem to have not understood your question. Yes, you can. I can describe how you can set up custom Ultrawide resolutions that scale correctly and look as they should, on a 16-9 screen. (You'll have black bars, but I assume you know that.)

Do you have a Nvidia GPU or an AMD card? I can tell you where to go, from there.
To be honest, I liked it less than the first two, but a lot of people loved it immensely, and I still enjoyed it plenty, so YMMV? But you should still be decently content.
Nah. Technically the same IP, but basically Bethesda just let them use the name they already had the rights to. 
Arkane's games always have amazing art. Prey is definitely no exception. An underrated, title. Didn't get as much attention as it deserves, sadly.
Honestly if anyone was to win, Bored definitely is up there in terms of people that deserve to. Congrats, man!

You're going to invite us all a"bored", right, Bored?! ðŸ˜œ
I actually really love this. 
Crytek's response was basically "nuh-uh!!!!!!". 
Didn't exactly enhance their argument.
Yeah. Agree there. It's basically a straight port, bar some multiplayer enhancements. Some extra visual oomph would've been nice. 
So I'm just imagining these app listings and having played it on my phone like 2 years ago?:

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vectorunit.silver.googleplay

https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/riptide-gp-renegade/id1090577736?mt=8

They can say whatever they want in the description, but it is literally a mobile game port. There's nothing inherently wrong with that, but it simply is, and there's zero point in denying it??
Honestly don't see how they could, unless they just like, abandoned the platform.
Love the materials on that cargo box.
It is literally a mobile port. So..., yeah.
It was clunky then, it's just as clunky now. This is honestly why most people play as a stealthy archer. It basically avoids that to some extent.
I found it worse than with a normal controller with rumble on PC? There didn't seem to be much, if any distinction. Dunno. Maybe something's wrong with my joycons?
That's really the only big thing that would make sense. But at that point, a Nvidia Shield tablet is probably a better option.
The games not technically out, so I'd imagine its in part somehow related to that...
Not sure. Even the PS4 / Xbox ports are not that great though, so as much as it's a great game, I'm not holding my breath for it to be a good port to Switch, if it ever comes...
Not really sure how that's relevant?
Kind of sad. Cryengine and Crytek invented and pioneered so many of the big modern graphic techniques. How low they've fallen. 
God, I just want to pump you so fucking full of cum, baby...
Cool, I suppose, but about 3 times bigger and doesn't really look very Kruger?
I think you doomed yourself, there, man. It was fated.
I mean. Duh? You'd have people playing at 30 fps vs people playing at 60fps at 4k. That would literally be a competitive disadvantage.
Fairly sure there's going to be a confirmation of the AC Rogue port for Switch. Probably South Park, too. 
Holy crap. Jaw, meet floor.
Someday, hopefully. 
Honestly, it's not one of those things that bothers me. I don't need an explanation. It's there. It's helpful to an extent. If some people really hate it, maybe make it an option if it doesn't affect gameplay. End of story. Not everything has to have an explanation. It's a game. There are certain leaps of disbelief that are going to just be there, if not even be necessary to making the experience work.
Which is exactly why it'll never happen, haha... :(
They're astounding. Seriously. Fucking wow!
Indeed. I have a feeling the upcoming full Nintendo Direct will have an AC Rogue Remastered announcement, too. Don't know why, but the timing is right, and as a last gen remaster it wouldn't be the hardest port job to make it run decently. 
Badass pic. 
Hopefully soon, but we have no real date on it. At the least, not before the 600i is out, likely. 
Glad one of them worked for you!
This is probably some of the nicest fan art I've seen. Feels like it could be in-world, even.
Here's some: 

https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B14cTNbOG7ipVlBlU1pKaDlGRzg

https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B14cTNbOG7ipcFU4Z1BKdkV4d3M

https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B14cTNbOG7ipZG9qZV9HblROWGs

https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B14cTNbOG7ipLWYyMHpUUTZuVDA

https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B14cTNbOG7ipRmtCT1Vpa0lnRVE

https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B14cTNbOG7ipc0txMGpIemdjYkE
Not really arguing that 4k native isn't better than downsampling 4k on a 1080p display? Bit of a straw man. 

Just saying it can provide benefits. And yes. Improved AA and temporal stability is definitely one benefit, but you get improved clarity overall, due to higher sampling and effect resolutions, even when scaling that result down. 
I mean. That's not really relevant? Depending on the specific use case and game, it can be worth it. And currently, in SC, for many people, performance doesn't really scale based on GPU load.
It doesn't have to be perfectly realistic. Fighting games and the like are never that way. It's not about that.
This would actually be one of the easiest and best ways to get a Sanderson video game made. Would be perfect. 
It's a good one. One of Brandon's crazier magic systems in terms of like, just, daring. 
Cool shots. Thanks!
There is a difference. Mostly in things like reflections, and detailing from parallax occlusion mapping gets really ramped up as you get to very high. 
Nice to see some colour. Thanks!
While this is true, downsampling still provides a significant increase in visual quality.
It's like dark souls. Not necessarily in difficulty, but in that the difficulty is rewarding as you learn the patterns and it teaches you how to play.
I ran into something once.  A half heart. Not super reliable though.
What a look!
Where were you? 

Stunning!
My absolute favorite! ;)

More!
My god, it's full of stars! ;)
Speechless!
Bloody hell. ðŸ’œ
What a lovely sentiment. Definitely one I can get behind. ;) Double entendre fully intended, haha. 

And what a smile! 
It is weak. Insanely so. Melee combat is something we could definitely learn from Destiny (2) about.
Melee in general needs tuning. It needs to be actually relevant. Especially in PvE. Say what you want about Destiny, but melee is insanely satisfying in Destiny 2, and genuinely useful. 

It's near useless in The Division. Really wish they would change that. 
Bit better quality, though still not that great: https://wallpapers.wallhaven.cc/wallpapers/full/wallhaven-156553.jpg
Slightly better quality: http://www.desktopimages.org/pictures/2012/1205/1/orig_677724.jpg
Not as good as Human Revolution's, but it's pretty solid. 
Huawei is coming to the US anyway.
Sorry, haha.
Ah, my bad. Read too quickly. Sorry. Just meant to help.
Stunning. Wonderful pics. ðŸ’œ
Would love to give it a workout. ;)
I, just, wow, love. Stunning. 
What an astounding pair. ðŸ’œðŸ’œðŸ’œ
Christ. Yes, yes I do. Especially after the week I've had. ðŸ˜
Blimey. 

I think my day just improved by like, at least 60%. ;P
Not my first time, but probably will be the first time finishing the story. I've gotten pretty far on PC but haven't played it in ages as I've gotten a bit tired of sitting at my desk to play on PC. I have the feeling the portability of the Switch version I'll finish the game entirely on that version. Which I'm totally okay with. Even not having ever finished it, it's one of my favorite games of all time, and a masterwork. I'll be glad to play through it again.
I mean. They literally are, though? Out of people that do and will own a Switch, WiiU owners are absolutely in the minority.
Sure, but in all frankness, those people are a very small minority. There's no reason they should be the ones deciding for everyone else, most who never played or had a WiiU.
This is the highest resolution version I know of: http://www.gamersyde.com/pop_images_dark_souls_remastered-37480-1.html
This looks oddly romantic, somehow.
Eh. It's not that hard to follow, but it helps.
Pretty sure he's joking. Or just sort of playing off that you don't wear much under a mocap suit. 
Honestly the whole reboot thing didn't work for me. Wasn't the right direction, I felt. Kind of agree. 
I like this style except the complete lack of faces/facial features. It never works for me. Just always comes off creepy/weird, or even just unfinished.  Dunno. 

Love the illustration otherwise, though!
Probably just performance capture for cutscenes. Gameplay animation was probably someone else/other stuff? But dunno.
I thinks she's doing something to herself similar to how she "soulcast" the outlaws she ran into and changed/transformed/turned them. There are hints in the book that that was more than just her daring and changed appearance. That the surge of transformation is more than just conventional soulcasting. I think it has the potential to affect people, too, and their literal souls, including her own. Since her soul is splintered as a radiant, and she's already used to compartmentalization of people as personalities, I think when she's shifting personalities, she's partially actually casting her own soul (or parts of her shattered soul) to become more like them, or at some level, literally become them. That's why she can both mimic people so closely, but also why she can almost get sort of lost in them, in their personalities. And since she's so damaged and uncomfortable with her own personality, and is shifting between other ones so much, and also doesn't know to what extent she's actually even doing that/using his powers, she's been getting into some dangerous areas in terms of the sustained use of powers in that way can be very dangerous, especially if you don't really even understand what you're actually doing. (Possibly messing with/modifying your own soul/property of identity.)
Lovely. Thanks!
We've seen some basic stuff. And Unreal 4 at least has decent support for Switch. It's possible. Hard to say whether probable.
Hopefully performance will be solid. It's a Unity game, IIRC.
If that's your sort of luck, I have a list of games you need to get, my friend.
I managed to get a skeleton horse all the way to a stable. Was so disappointed I couldn't register him. 
Cool. Been wanting more of that game.
Eh. Not really the same. Gungeon is a bullet hell kind of. I suck at that. But I generally can kick ass at Dark Souls and 3rd person action games like Furi, even if it takes me a bit to get into the patterns. Whereas I'm basically never going to get good at Gungeon and the like. 
Honestly the trilogy isn't a crazy prospect as far as a port. It was mostly last gen. A 1080p docked, 720 mobile port of it would be very doable, though Unreal 3 admittedly can't target Switch out of the box.
Yeah. CIG isn't even planning on supporting the more heavy-weight consoles, so no way they're going to support the Switch. Unless it's just in like, some smaller way? Hell, I'd play a port of Hyper Vanguard Force on Switch, would be a perfect fit: https://robertsspaceindustries.com/comm-link/transmission/14704-Hyper-Vanguard-Force
More of a statement of intent for the year, but sounds good and better than that, reasonable, if they can stick to it. 


higher res: https://www.pexels.com/photo/foggy-mountain-with-pine-trees-769986/
Sure. We'll see more. 

That said, will we see those two? I kinda doubt it. Both wouldn't be the easiest ports...

Both are really great games. Just play them. They're worth it.
The latter. 
Goodwill pays off long-term, even if it doesn't make business-sense up-front or "conventionally." See: CDPR
I get Severed was originally a touch screen game, but lacking any controller support at all should be an automatic disqualification for a Switch port, especially for an award.
Sure, Brandon tends to add some complexity, or justification, or reason often for a character's (or even god's) darker or "evil" actions, but I'd say naming a god Odium, + the descriptions of him thus far and his methodology and actions make his general side on things, pretty clear. -In that he's probably neither the best guy, nor deity, and is fairly malevolent. 
The chip is also designed as a mobile chip, so it's designed to be run quiet and as cool as possible.
The literal definition of the word Odium is : "general or widespread hatred or disgust..." though. That seems..., pretty clear. 
Hm. Dunno then. Hope you figure it out, man. 
No worries. Just thought it was a bit of an odd thing, haha.
Uh, take a look at where the windmill should be...
Witcher is a beautiful game, but what's with posting a glitchy screenshot?
No problem.
Thanks!
Something slightly creepy about this.
Slightly better/higher quality: http://wallpaper.pickywallpapers.com/2560x1440/bryce-canyon-national-park.jpg
It's possible. Just have to be smart about metrics. Star Citizen has a really smart culling system that fills the clothes under other ones, but only in the correct areas. 
Well, he was half gnome.
MISC has a partnership with a Xi'an corporation and incorporate some Xi'an tech and design into some of their ships. Though only the Reliant has significant Xi'an influence, if I remember correctly. It was one of the first newer ships built with more Xi'an tech and design influence. (The vertical design, thrusters, switching modes of flight, etc.)
What do you mean by modern, out of curiousity?
In some ways, I really appreciate SC's diversity. By having all the completely different manufacturers, with different styles, there ends up almost always being at least a few ships someone likes, even if they're not a fan of others.

I'm fond of a fair number of others, but the Gladius and Hammerhead are definitely highlights, I can agree on that. Great designs.
Thanks!
Valid point. Kinda spaced on that. Here's the full link: https://www.artstation.com/artwork/KLO4

Artist is Maxim Revin
After the intro? Yeah, it gets better. There's tons more. What are you having trouble with, particularly? It's admittedly, not the most forgiving or handholding game, and that can be a bit hard  at first.
That was a remarkably informative response. Wow!
What game are you referencing, out of curiousity?
It's basically a direct way to potentially cause ludo-narrative dissonance. I'd say it would depend based on how much control the player has over the character. Like, say, in a Fallout or Elder Scrolls game, it would be a bad idea, as the player is essentially the character and has full control in every way. Taking this away will feel very jarring. 

However, in something where a character has more of their own identity or personality, like say Watch Dogs 2, or The Witcher, I think it could work, as long as it isn't too large of a thing and doesn't overly invalidate a player's other decisions or gameplay. 

It's a hard thing to do right, but it definitely has its place, and can be very effective. 
It is pretty, at least. I feel like it's going to need a rework though, at some point.
I feel like the Starlifter or something of that like is all but confirmed with the release of this concept. They simply NEED something to carry this kind of stuff. Nothing we have right now is practical, especially for the tank and anything else of that size or the Ursa, etc. 
I believe the guy (actual CDPR dev) who did the FCR Mod (Full Combat Rebalance. Also changed animations, timings, etc, and some other stuff) for Witcher 2, did one for 3 recently. Might be worth a try. I haven't tried it, but have heard good things.
Yeah. Generally the Witcher 2 has better art direction than 3. (Though 3 is still better than many games.)
Sounds like a controller config issue through Steam's custom controller configuration options? Maybe?
Such a good game. The art and soundtrack especially are so great. Some of the best of the series. 
He sort of tried that in the books. Kind of.
Any chance of more pics? Been considering getting one of these.
Tbh, For Honor has plenty of high level dumb moves that are annoying/fun, etc. I'd say its progression and daily challenge (how you get currency for stuff basically) systems are the larger issue by far.
Yeah. I agree with the general idea of the post, but this bit makes zero sense. 
Sure. But Olisar also is going to be redone based on the new procedural truck stop and space station templates.
I know that, but just in other terms, the shape and everything feels very similar to the Starfarer, but with more of a Xi'an design flare.
Found this on Artstation while browsing. Not made for SC, but i'll be damned if it doesn't look what a Starfarer would look like, if made by the Xi'an? Or am I just losing it?
Indeed
Kamiko is a lovely little game. Well worth 5 bucks. Great soundtrack and art. Would love to see them expand on it. There's some really promising basics there.
Nothing that I can think of, sadly. The Surge could probably be ported, in terms of tech, but whether they'd want to, who knows. I'd still kill for a Dark Souls port. Hoping eventually that will happen, even if the rumour was a hoax. It would be SO good.
Holyyyyyy crap.
I..., kind of love this. New method for getting cool SC art?
More likely due to NPCs and lack of network culling.
Still a cool dedication to detail.
The eventual plan iirc is to have elevators that retrieve the ships and push them up to a landing pad. 
Even the controls weren't as terrible as they seem. Not modern, sure, but there's some interesting stuff in there. 
Damn. That's a huge difference. They really course-corrected.
The average game doesn't, no, but the average game is nowhere close to the scale or ambition of this project...
The Yellow especially, is very pretty.
You're welcome!
Wow, dude.
Can't unsee.
Having trouble doing just about anything in the current build, but got a lovely pic in AC with my Yellowjacket, and you can see the potential from here!
Fucking christ, I need this in my life. 
Holy crap! That's a giant album, to say the least! And hell of one. Wow!
Holy hell. You are a complete package. Stunning! ðŸ˜
Glad to be of help. :)
My basic instinct when encountering a low res but nice pic is to do a reverse image search for a higher quality version, haha. So you're welcome! ðŸ˜›
Higher Res: http://images.wookmark.com/331047_60.jpg
Higher Res: https://orig00.deviantart.net/a062/f/2016/085/7/7/cdp_red_bird_by_vesner-d9wkkko.jpg
Some of the best experiences I've had were helping people out in Survival, just organically, without knowing them.
I'd actually say it belongs here more than most. The head positions and lighting of the cat..., Etc.
Honestly..., doesn't work for me. But good work.
This. It encourages you to play stylishly, almost especially if you're on the edge of dying. It's brilliant. 
Not until they get back from break. But likely, yeah. Kind of the point of the delta patcher. They should be able to put out bug fixes much more often, in addition to the planned quarterly rolling releases. 
Hm. Interesting bug. Persistence working, except that, well, shouldn't persist in AC since it's a simulation.
True. That's one of the sadder omissions from 3.0. Hopefully we'll have basic customization and genders sooner than later.
Some NPC's.
Well, you're just a lovely fellow... 
Ah, okay. Thanks!
Still not a fan of the usage. Especially as someone diagnosed. Just not bloody necessary.
What a build. Just, wow. WOW.
That still makes it in between comparitively. It's the special edition, but not entirely. I wasn't debating that it's on the upgraded version of the engine. But it also has a lot of the enhancements stripped back or entirely gone, for the Switch.
What is the Y supposed to be, again? A hatchback?
Can you..., not use that term? 
Hey. Why not both? They're pretty different games, in many ways. The new mount and blade looks great. Would love that too.
Somewhere in between. Basically the special edition minus some effects, minus mods.
Seriously. 
It's quite a well-regarded title, too!
Yeah. Kinda a shame. They make good, interesting games. The technical execution though, is..., lacking. 
For Honor on Switch would be amazing.
Just a format, but yeah.
Makes me think of hot sauce or steak sauce.
They're just incompetent when it comes to technical optimization. Not being rude, it's just reality. 

They're using Unreal 4. Which can be insanely optimized. And they're not doing anything insanely demanding with it. It should be possible to make it run exceptionally, with the highly stylized graphically simple style they have. They just simply don't know how to. I'd guess they're mostly designers and artists, and for whatever reason, just aren't willing to get  code help. 
Man, that's pretty.
She seems, uh, a bit scratched up.
It's bad. The light from the mobi itself also makes it very hard to even see the UI itself. I know they've been working on some exposure improvements for the mobi for readability, but it needs it bad. 

Also, I get there's this fad for monochromatic UI especially for holographic stuff, but we need more diverse colour. Colour is super useful for UX distinction, readability, and ease of use, and there's no reason it would be abandoned in the future. Use it to distinguish app icons, accept vs. exit buttons, etc. PLEASE CIG. Don't abandon modern design baselines integral for usability and accessibility, just for "futuristic" aesthetic. You can have both. 

Also, god, the starmap and radar and new navigation flow have such horrid usability and functionality. I know they're early, but some of the decisions and interaction loops and even control choices are just..., horrible. That needs to be a huge focus. Just want to really hammer that home. I'm sure they know, but we need to push them on areas of basic usability like navigation and map use, where currently right now it's just..., mind-numbingly bad. It needs a lot of work.

Also in response to main post. There isn't currently, but it's planned. They showed a working prototype of that in an ATV a ways back, and it'll be supposedly semi-customizable by the user.
Truly. 

Some of the other cast's descriptions we've gotten in a few behind-the-scenes, of his professionalism and dedication to the role and preparing, practicing, making sure he gets it right, during the capturing of Squadron 42 raise my respect for him, so much. Such a cool, dedicated, professional guy, and very talented, even if he hasn't had a ton of roles. (Though man, he's such a good Joker.)
It seemed implied they died, which I hope isn't the case.
Whoa. Cool.
Damn. Only available in small and medium. Wish I still could fit those. Oh, the days when I had abs.
Honestly? Wait. The current 3.0 build is "live", but only in name.
Hopefully the rework will be finished sooner than later.
My specs are fine. Had somewhat better but not great performance on earlier PTU patches. Game is on an SSD. CPU is never maxed out on any threads. GPU either, and weirdly often underclocks specifically in these patches, only in SC. 16gb ram which is not fully used. Page file is like 3.5gb on the ssd? 
Don't be an ass. My build is fine, and not even close to being used fully in terms of computational load. It's not the computer. The current patch and servers have severe issues sometimes/often. I get why they want to release 3.0 before 2017 ends, but a lot of people are experiencing even worse framerates than during the earlier PTU.
Definitely much better, though not entirely there.
I feel like it's mostly for PR/communication reasons later down the line. Even if the release was sketchy, it's good to be able to say they got 3.0 out before the end of 2017. (Even if it's only in name.)
2-5 fps is literally not testable. The game doesn't even function at that point.
Interesting. That sounds familiar, but I wouldn't have made the connections. Don't remember specific names from the comm links often. Thanks!
Are these flair? Or actual items to buy? The pic looks like RL, but I am tired...
Yeah. Same. I know previous patches were better, but how they can push this to live, I dunno... 
True. Though honestly we still have a year or so minimum before Squadron is likely to go live. That's plenty of time to further push stuff and animation optimizarion, which they've shown themselves to do pretty consistently.
It's less so these days, but it's still pretty common, sadly, and used to be the defacto. 
I'd take a consistent 15-20. 

Been getting like 2-10 in this "live" patch. 
Never thought of it (I kind of tend to forget about the crucible?) but yeah. It'd be a great vehicle carrier overall. Huh. 
I've seen literally 2-10 max with this patch, so, yeah. That's pretty bad. Even for basic testing.
Especially after he dyed it white for the santa gag.
I get literally 5-10 fps in this build and usually crash. Live, huh? Well, it'll give them lots of data to figure out critical areas, I guess... 
Pretty sure the interaction mode disables the walk speed thing though?
Hey, what's a delta patcher for, man? Besides, it's friday. 
How? The lynels are just hitpoint sinks. That's not that exciting of combat.
They can easily change that, or just make it use lighter/fewer components. They're not going to let the 350r being on the same chassis keep them from fixing the whole 300 series.
What does it matter? Use it, or don't, depending on what's easier for you.
Not really sure. They've been extremely vague about it. 
It'll probably get changed once it actually has to be built out. That kind of thing happens a lot.
Still hell of a deal.
Well, that rework is coming too... And bound to get bigger also. 
Sure. But that's fixable, and more of a mixing problem than a soundtrack issue.
Or just let us scroll between the choices with the mouse wheel. But yeah.
Damn. That is a beautiful shot.

Ah, yes. Like my heart.
A classic. I remember seeing this live, haha. 

Have to admit I'm discouraged by the delay. Felt a bit dumb. Stuff like this should be ready a day or two in advance, in a perfect world. But, shit happens. Hopefully it'll be worth it.
I mean. I only said 720p because, well, that's the native res of the Switch's screen? And yeah. The original and Warhead are still great games, with linear sandbox design that I wish was used more.
Happy to serve!
No prob! Just did a quick reverse Google image search and checked for higher resolution versions. There often are, especially for nature shots like these. 

And on a subject like this, where the fur is so intricate, it's nice to have the extra detail. 
God, I would honestly give my left testicle for any of the Witcher games on Switch. Hell, even Gwent.
It's pretty convincing. I just don't have endless money. Was planning on picking it up after Christmas/after I finish it on PC. And there's just been so many other good Switch titles coming out that you can't get elsewhere.
Tbh, the Switch could probably run a ported Crysis 1 at 720p30, especially if they ported it over to Cryengine V. Would be a better thing for Crytek to do than the dumb shit they've been pulling the last few years. I'd buy the hell out of it, frankly. 
Huh. Might have to pick one of these up. I love the Switch, but the kickstand sucks, and likewise holding it in undocked for long periods of gameplay is not the most comfortable thing, and tends to wear on my hands.
Sigh.
Beautiful. Here's much higher res, though: https://images3.alphacoders.com/747/747197.jpg
The advocacy thing is clearly in-engine....
Fantastic colour scheme. Great job!
Still need entry effects on non-ships. Loved the vid.
Dude, you're just digging your own grave at this point. Stop.
Somewhere in-between. Original facial scans are from the actors, but they take a fair amount of artistic liberty. 
That's not 1440p. 1440p is 2560x1440, or if in a 21:9 aspect, 3440x1440...
That's why it's the MINIMUM SysReq's. Not the recommended.
Probably likely, but honestly, there's probably going to be a lot of debris in SQ42. Could be almost anything.
Thanks!
These are really nice. Wonderful work! I'd love to use them as wallpapers. Are there higher res scans/photos?
Can't wait for them to fix that atmosphere rendering bug. Argh.
Yeah. It's an atmosphere rendering bug.
Obviously they know what it is. It's a joke. Sheesh. 
Ah. Been a while since I've seen/read that one.
Okay. So it's technically 2nd party. Basically semantics...
Kind of depends on the game, but yeah. 
Kamiko? Really? It's not perfect, but it's lovely audiovisually, decent fun, and for 5$, it's got pretty extraordinary value. It's not a GOTY contender, sure, but it has plenty of merit, and is priced incredibly competitively and reasonably for what it is?
Great job! Though I have to say, for wallpaper use, without logos would be nice!
While that isn't wrong, it is still a first party title arguably...
Huh. Cool. Don't know how I missed that. Maybe Nintendo will finally discover temporal AA/any AA at all exists, via Unreal. ;P That would be nice! 
Interesting username, mate!
Just wish it was integrated into the main game somehow...
The upcoming Yoshi title is Unreal 4 based? Nintendo themselves are using Unreal? That's awesome news.
Have to be honest, I don't get the reference? 
Honestly I wouldn't be surprised to see some kind of physical package. Chris is that kind of a person.
-revs up laser chainsaw-
Tbh, FFXV definitely has us beat on food rendering.
This is delightful.
Arguably true that he was better than the Kree guy in the first GotG. Lee Pace was definitely wasted there. But just like, if you've seen the depth and more that Eccleston can portray, they could've done so much more.
I still don't understand how they managed to make Christopher Eccleston a bland villain. Like..., why? How? 
How's this? https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Rigo5Dn_k8RklaZ9p_hl-br7wJRRWzMg

Slightly different variation: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1oIP60Mib3OPcVnEMY_GZYTyKyk0nMmxN
Much higher res: https://archive-media-1.nyafuu.org/wg/image/1367/70/1367704464793.jpg
It's a bug with the atmospheric rendering. I pointed it out to the graphics team, a ways back, on Spectrum.
Not bad. I feel like only 2 and 5 can be immediately perceived as being for concerts, just from the execution, though. 

Good work though!
Honestly Witcher 1 Eredin/wild hunt are better than Witcher 3's. 
I feel like those will probably be the first two things to go, honestly.
This is pretty convincing. Damn. Well put together!
I can't imagine it would somehow move backwards. It's likely to be more visually complex and impressive, if anything. 
Can't wait for the rework. Soon, hopefully.
It's just a Screen-space shader/effect, so it effects everything on-screen, by default.
Thank you, officer. Have a great cycle. Watch out for any stray, ...er, asteroids! 
Just some, er..., Import/Export business, sir. Everything above ground, I assure you!
Huh. So could be the new launcher that has some of the cpu spike/memory leak problems? Interesting. 
Lovely shot. Love my 315p, but really can't wait for them to get moving on the rework. It needs it bad, functionality-wise. 
Man, Sagan was a hell of a guy. He is missed. 
Can't wait to visit there once the system is fleshed out. 
This looks really solid overall. Though personally grenade on G and holster on H makes more sense for me. Otherwise, looks really solid, very consistent, much improved!
I think it's showed up before. Related to scanning mechanics down the line, iirc.
The quickest I can think of off the top of my head is Crytek's own original Far Cry. It had basic terrain deformation for grenades. 

There was also a cancelled LucasArts game based around the concept, IIRC. 
Land deformation is something done very, very rarely in games. It causes too many issues and isn't worth the improvement it offers. 

Outside of scripted or arranged story events, you're not going to see asteroid impacts on planets likely.
Ah, okay, yeah. I remember that. But had assumed it was him missing a spren as I'd thought he was possibly a pre-recreance radiant. I see it now though.
I did recognize Azure as Vivenna. Didn't pick up on them being the same kata, though. Damn. 
Yeah. I remember that. I figured at the time it was him missing his spren from a nahel bond. (I thought he was a pre-recreance Radiant)
Exactly.
This. It's almost offensive they're not,  especially since they're doing an upgraded re-release on other platforms.
In its lifetime? Yeah. Probably. 
It does kinda look like he's shitting, doesn't it?
Predictability of budgeting. 
Look, it's good to be positive, but it's not a Destiny killer. Sorry to burst your bubble, but we might as well be realistic. It's not. Whether one thinks it should be or not.
What about that scene? I did recognize that as her, at least, haha. 
I doubt it, but I honestly wouldn't complain. 
Huh. I'm clueless. That makes a lot of sense now, though. Thanks!
Ah. True. Just never made that connection? I thought perhaps he was one of the radiants from before the recreance, and that his idioms just didn't make sense in modern Roshar..
Damn. How'd I miss that? I figured he was probably a former radiant or something else interesting, but didn't pick up that he was Vasher. Blimey. How did people figure that out/notice it, since apparently I'm blind?
I'm sure the gravlev will improve and get better and isn't final at this point, but I have to really agree with you on this. 

I love that CIG is taking the longer, harder route, and "reinventing the wheel" when it comes to implementing certain systems/features that are either not implemented at all, to a disappointing extent, or not even considered possible (or viable) by many other developers: e.g.: 64-bit precision extremely large-scale environments, "life-size", detailed procedural planetoids, unified player animation rig, fully modeled accurate thruster setups, incredibly detailed damage and system (heat, electricity,  cooling, processing, etc) modeling and dynamic interaction, server meshing, complex gravity zone behaviors, etc, etc, etc. 
Most devs don't try these things, the alternatives or current methods are often lacking, and they allow for signficant and meaningful gains that are worthwhile. 

This, however, is an area where starting from scratch or modeling behavior super accurately or reinventing the wheel isn't necessary. 

There are tons of games with hoverbikes implemented. Most of them are good to great. The system works well. Very few people have complaints about those. We lose very little by having a less detailed modeling of flight behavior for bikes, and reinventing that gameplay function isn't just unnecessary, but doesn't really offer any gains, and in many ways, actually makes the experience likely to be less pleasant. This is one of those things where as much as I love CIG pushing the bleeding edge, you shouldn't push it, just to push it. 

On a vehicle as small as this, with a basic function like this, having more detailed, theoretically maybe more accurate systems, isn't necessarily a plus. 

It's one of those accuracy vs. fun balance situations, and in this case, accuracy isn't worth the work and is simply less fun. We don't need fully modeled gravlev flight with complex characteristics. 

Just make it work the way one would expect it immediately to, and in a manner already proven to be great.
Leave the complex accuracy of system modeling and flight systems to ships, or hell, the bikes can even have that when in flight mode using thrusters. But when they're on the ground, just make the experience simple, fun, and easy to use. 

We don't have to reinvent the wheel for everything. This is something gaming actually has figured out, and has down pretty solidly. Let's leave it be, and take advantage of that, and leverage resources to fixing or reinventing other things that genuinely deserve a second look or more ambitious approach.

I love CIG's willingness to try the stuff other devs wouldn't even attempt, and sometimes that's awesome and needed, but sometimes it's just not necessary, or isn't worth it in terms of what it can potentially offer as a difference.
Wait. Vasher is Zahel?
Gorgeous shot/composition.
Sounds like a Super-Polaris? 
I don't think the same model, but it's getting an updated version, IIRC.
Valid point.
Hm. Cool, but not sure it's 58$ cool.
This. ^
They're working on reintegrating it but with the new tech, right now!
Honestly, in response to all of your last 3 questions? Not really. 
Wait. So you haven't actually played Destiny 2? I feel like it's hard to have a wholly accurate opinion, without that? 

If you have a PC, there's a trial that lets you play through to level 8, and some of the first main missions and stuff. It's pretty worthwhile. I was pleasantly surprised by the content there, alone. It feels very much old-school Bungie, in many ways. There's even a fantastic vehicle-based level ending that's honestly some of the most fun I've had in a game in a while. It felt very much classic Bungie. Maybe give it a try? You never know. I don't disagree that there are flaws in their approach and attitude sometimes lately, but D2 is still a damn good game, frankly, and uniquely Bungie, especially in the gameplay, which is just, excellent, and extremely slick combat.
Ah, okay, thanks!
?? Where did you get a month? I said by the end of next year?
Ugh. The European is so much better. Makes me sad.
No worries. Thanks!
I'm sure it'll be legal sooner than later, in the US. 
FNF?
Holy crap. The Prospector's engines sound phenomenal.
Please tell me what happens when you're driving at night and look at bright lights. You'll see lens flares. Believe me. They occur. It's a basic fact of Opthalmology. They don't look the same as cinematic flares, but they absolutely occur.
That's a straw man. That's not even what we're arguing?
I think you have trouble distinguishing your opinions from facts, mate. 
Was about to say this! 
That's pretty unusual, but hey, if it works for you.

Do you like music otherwise?
Windows icons always have shitty quality. 
CA, bloom, motion blur, depth of field, and lens flare, etc, still happen with eyes. I never get why people make this argument. Are they the same as the filmic versions? Generally no, but they absolutely happen and exist, sometimes to similar amounts. 
That article is incredibly ill-informed. Argh. 
It's a stylistic choice. For art direction. End of story. If you hate it that much, turn it off, if you have to.
Reminds me of Assassin's Creed multiplayer back in the day.
Damn. Crazy how consistent this is. 200 by the end of next year? Especially if 3.0 and the next patches go well. 
Theoretically with RTT, this could be doable. Would be very amusing to watch ATV while literally being around the verse.
I agree somewhat. I do think editing could've been harsher/stronger, in Oathbringer. That said, still a good book, and momentous in terms of its overall events and implications. But less exciting and enjoyable in the moment to moment, for a larger amount, than its two predecessors, for me. 
Part of that is they're fairly difficult network-wise, admittedly. But yeah. AI has been one of the biggest issues for SQ42.
I'm just describing the intended gameplay and systems. Not whether it's realistic or not. 
Seems like it depends on the ad you get?
You are a badass Secret Santa, man. Great job!
Hell yes. Very excited for this. Never got to play either. Was going to go PC, but I'm willing to wait to play these on Switch.
Interesting. I enjoyed Oathbringer, but actually felt the pacing and interweaving of stuff was a bit worse than the first 2 SA books. Fascinating how different people's perspectives can be.
Yeah, I'm sorry but the division isn't going to be this either. Remotely. 

Division 2 is already in full production, I guarantee you. 

Star Citizen is the closest thing to what you're talking about, and that's still a couple years from a proper live launch. 
That link is super malware/aggressive ad infested, at least on mobile...
That's definitely a bug/unintended, unless it's one of the ones with no atmosphere. They're not supposed to be able to suitably protect you from atmospheric entry/exit.
That banding
GTA: Levski Stories
Bigfoot likes space travel, too.
Love this. People queuing up to check out. 
Definitely good points. Though it's worth remembering this is the first version of the item 2.0/upgrade shopping system. This will definitely be final, imagine. 
"Baby, it's cold outside." 

(Also, man, that song has some creepy vibes.)
It seems likely, but I feel like it's better to not get our hopes up, just in case.
They can't reach insane altitudes. And they're not going to actually be that useful at that height. It's just an extra thing that can be useful in some cases.
It's the same game as on mobile.
This. Line of Defense has been in dev for like 20 years. Yet it's a disgusting disaster, as is its dev. Time doesn't inherently equate to anything.
Only get Pokken if you're into fighting games.
Mobile Testing Initiative? 

Man, I'd kill for the Orange Box + Portal 2 on Switch. 
Thanks!
The little hunch is what makes this. :P
I mean, while that's somewhat true, the shooting in D2 is still insanely good. Possibly the best out there. 
Understandable. 
I loved the Mako so much. ðŸ’œ
The avenger is gonna get some revisiting, I guarantee you.

I think the cheap, entry level is meant in relation to in-verse bounty focused ships?
Creative flying.
Was just higher res, as I couldn't find the insanely high res version from your link. (Seems only to be available for purchase or something?)
The Switch sadly just has a really terrible WiFi card.
True. Sometimes you really need it, though. Such is the duality of such things. :P
Huh! I literally heard nothing about this announcement? Weird. Cool!
Like, the HD version of Spelunky? Or is there a 2nd one I don't know about?
https://img01.deviantart.net/6d9d/i/2016/164/6/5/aqua_spaceshipyard_by_dr_pen-d9k5bf6.jpg
Good points. Forgot about Pyre. 

Spelunky 2?
No argument there. Not arguing we should change that in-verse. Just the line always felt silly. 
Yeah, I've heard it's a surprisingly decent platformer, this time around, especially in co-op.
Leaving potential. There's always exceptions. But broadly, stuff isn't close to that dense. 
Oh, I'm not saying that's not possible. And I don't mind at all that it's that way in SC or SW. Just the silliness of the line always bothered me, for some reason!
Yeah. I don't mind it being different in-lore/in-verse, because it makes things way more interesting, but having a character acknowledge something so silly, especially since even in Star Wars they don't seem to be that hard to navigate, always bothered me, haha. 

It helps set up Han's character, though. So, oh well. It's a classic.
Yeah, it depends. Sometimes the app center doesn't have the absolute newest, or things don't quite work. And that's definitely true.
Absolutely. TV mode is just a plus. I've only used it with a TV a couple times.
I've found the best way to install Nvidia drivers is using the CUDA installer. But yeah. GPU drivers are always the rockiest thing to get figured out. 
Honestly, I feel like this is in bad taste. Massive/The Division really doesn't have a great track record with new content/updates. Even 1.8, while an update and an improvement, still feels too little too late, and there's still zero new story or mechanics, and only new gamemodes that are disconnected from the main game, with tons of issues and pains that have been there since launch... 

I dunno. Neither Massive nor Bungie are angels, or devils, but Massive is in no way better than Bungie, and in each their own ways, are worse than the other, and better than the other.
Can't tell if sarcastic or not...
This is probably the best Witcher tattoo I've seen. Awesome, man.
What reference do you have for the Avenger being in rework? Just curious. Hadn't heard that, though I expected it at some point. 
Always bothered me that that line is based totally in nonsense, since in most real-life asteroid fields, asteroids are massively far apart. That said, love the GIF.
I'd really love to see Bastion and Transistor. 

Spelunky is a big obvious one, too.
Ah, good point.
Original definitely feels the most odd, since the shift over to the newer aesthetic.
Huh. Will have to look. If it's on Android, would be nice to have a quick port over to Switch. 
I'm honestly most curious about new IP.
Soon! Supposedly! 
I would literally pay the full 60$ per game for this. It would be that good. 
To ruin the relationships you have with family & friends? 
Cold, man. Cold.
Knack 2 is supposedly a lot better than the first, so, hey, who knows?
Um. What does that acronym/intitalism mean? Sorry if stupid question.
There's something missing, but I like it as a start.
Honestly, after this, if they don't come to Switch, it's just a dick move.
Okay..., That's, actually, really cool.
Would be a perfect game to port. It runs quite well on consoles, too, and isn't very intensive. 
That would be amazing. Always wanted to play this. Figured I'd get the port on PS4 eventually. Switch version would be way better, though. Would definitely go for that.
Hey. Shhhh. No complaints.
Cool! Might grab this as a treat. Have heard really good things.
Slain Icon would be better without the border and with the text a bit smaller/further away from sided and more defined.
I would be okay with this if they would like, incorporate modders fixes? There are entire massive mods with just bug fixes for Skyrim and basically every Bethesda-developed game. 
I'd much prefer the full trilogy, remaster or no, but I'd take that, too. 
Damn! Man, the Switch is such a wonderful revival of couch co-op!
Especially with the new volumetrics.
Ah, K.
You're welcome! It can be a bit confusing if you're not super familiar with the terms or process. 
Eh. Yeah. Suppose I can accept that. Star Wars is a bit different lore wise, in that hyperspace travel has existed for thousands, if not tens of thousands of years, and so technology has sort of halted to a certain extent, at least in terms of huge leaps. But yeah. SC likely has a somewhat similar situation.
I have a Pixel XL and it doesn't happen, for me?
If you don't know what PTU is, you're probably not accessing it. Persistent Universe is not the same as PTU. PTU is public test universe. It's only available to a small selection of users right now, but has an early build of 3.0 available on it for testing. PTU isn't only Evocati. Evocati is the step before PTU, then expands in waves, until the version tested is ready for public "live" release, as a non-test branch.

You're probably still running 2.6, which is why you can't land on planetary bodies. 3.0 isn't publically available as a live release, yet.
Well, first question, just to check:
You are in 3.0 PTU?
No one knows, but it's unlikely. Don't count on it.
Do we know that it has no atmosphere? I was under the impression that merely none of the moons has breathable atmospheres. 
I'd say probably canonically he's sizable, but in an adaptation, the ability to convey the character and pull it off is more important.
"They got Alex!"
xD
Lovely!
They're probably a bit more likely than the Zeus, considering the Zeus is basically the "first" viable ship for commercial use, etc. That Guines-class is likely hundreds of hundreds of hundreds of years newer, if not more. 
You should do some shots of the ArcCorp med bay! Much shinier! :P
Rapid decompression concerns, perhaps?
Romantic. :P 

Though Levski having a Vanguard poster does feel a tiny bit off? Dunno. 
No worries, friend, it's a nice shot! 
They are. We had a  confirmation that SQ42's soundtrack will be recorded by orchestra, recently, for the final version.
The recording hasn't been done, as far as we know, so yeah, they're probably essentially prototypes/working placeholders just to have something there for playthroughs, before the final audio is finished.
"Sorry officer, didn't, uh..., see you there."
Damn.
Haven't bought it, but the art style is great, and the concept is somewhat unique! If the gameplay is solid, it'll be worth it.
Except, even then, there are mobile games and ports that could be worth it. So speaking in absolutes just isn't worth it.
There's no autosave at all? In 2017? That's a joke.
I really like this compositionally and colour-wise. Would you mind if I used it as the basis for a painting? 
Here's my version, just for variety's sake: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ZCYDQr9mY_5tJVttdc8TWwcpMZ-6owXi/view?usp=sharing
Hm.
Considering it happens with both the S8+ and the Pixel XL 2, I'd say it's more likely to do with the unusually long screen/aspect ratio?
Nope. Nothing done there, yet. That said, they should be pretty smooth and quick jobs. MISC is well defined, and the Freelancer base already exists.
I feel like Fall-Winter 2018 will be the reasonable goal for SQ42 Ep.1
Ooh. Perfect that she's a merchant too. They make bargains, by nature.
What's your message check interval? 
Doom is low res, but well anti-aliased, using temporal super-sampling. So things are soft, sure, but smooth. I imagine part of the problem is that in this case, it's not exactly a similar situation.
It's possible, but based on the rest of the page, I doubt it: https://www.artstation.com/artwork/bvvBg

He does awesome work, though.
He still had memories of the book. I'm not sure I'm convinced of your argument. 
Addressing the concept of something is not the same as being of that genre or characterization...
I believe that the memory of Jasnah showing him that, was one of the memories he lost to the Nightmother/Cultivation. Thus, it's not a continuity error, but simply that pre-Oathbringer Dalinar is an unreliable narrator since he had massive chunks missing from his memory, including those, in the earlier two books.

At least that's how I interpreted it while reading. I think the difference could've been made more clear, though. One of the less clear areas I felt could've been better edited, etc.
How is it horror? I can see it maybe bringing up someone's personal fears, but that's not horror...
Fucking hell, those are beautiful. ;)
A woman after my own cum, -er, heart. Definitely heart.
Reminds me of when the windows error dialog crashed, once. 
The Starlifter ideas they talked about were really cool.
It is. They have lit particles and volumetrics now, so yeah, it is in-engine. 
Love it, actually.
It's intended to not allow that eventually. 
Last thing I can remember similar, and arguably far more memorable xD, is this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5VMX1CznCg

Oh, asia. You are truly unique.
Pretty much all of these, as far as role-wise, are needed/would be good. Even if they don't all end up being Drake, I agree, we'll probably get them all in some form.
Yeah, that's what I ended up voting for. There are too few ships in that size bracket/role.
All of these are extremely nice options, honestly.
To be honest, all 3 options on the site are really attractive roles/ideas: https://robertsspaceindustries.com/comm-link/citizens/16303-YOU-Pick-The-Next-Drake-Ship

Kinda hope we get ships that fill all of these roles, soon. 
Yeah. These are in terrible taste. A shame.
Really generous of you! Best luck to all! Here's my submission! 
https://i.imgur.com/kNdu0zX.jpg
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Ah, indeed!
K?
Supposedly the Unity implementation on Switch has been holding things back. The game was pretty well received and is definitely one of my most wanted, so hopefully it shows up soon. 

Mmmhhmmm. Jesper Kyd soundtracks. ðŸ’›â™¥ï¸ðŸ’œ
Cool. Don't know too much about this one, but have heard good things. Intrigued.
Even if he's unlikable or conflicting, it's clear he'll be important in events to come. 
Oh God, that would be so chilling and satisfying. The cold fury of a mother is not something you mess with.
We need bananas in-game.
Ah, well. I do check them often. But I can't say I expect that I couldn't have missed something, or that it was simply not mentioned. They have also shown off finished grenade variant models before, and there's a ton of new things in 3.0, handheld weapons included. 
Anyways. It's not really of much consequence, though, eh? 
Notes?
Ah. I haven't played 3.0 yet, so figured there was a chance.
It's an error, I believe.
It has a quantum drive. No jump drive. All snubs that aren't open-canopy (ie-the hoverbikes) can go from orbit to planetside.

The 85x is not a starter. 
It's a luxury snub. The only snub that has a quantum drive thus far. (Though I kind of hope that changes.) 
The original design was just a clear, open windscreen. Which especially for a "luxury" ship, makes sense. Now the current version is showing as having massive struts in the way. 

Hopefully it will change back.
Considering how big the Vanduul are and the fact that almost no humans know much Vanduul language..., It'd probably be pretty hard to fly one by just getting in. 
Hopefully live (likely) before Christmas. At the very least, it'll go to a public PTU before Christmas. 
3.0 has a much better new user experience. It should hopefully go live before Christmas.
Eh. It's luxury for an Aurora, but I don't think no toilet or shower is luxury, probably.