She can’t have better taste than him and choose him. It’s a vicious cycle. 
My guess is they just kinda feel like we belong until we start drowning and thrashing about. Then they are all like, “dude wtf, you haven’t figured out how this works yet?!  Maaan lemme help you out a bit.”
You’re the only one who got upset enough by a pair of pants to attach a slanderous term to them... but you’re right let’s agree to disagree. 

As an aside the world could really use more love and if performing the most natural act known to life bothers you so much you should probably look inward to why. 
Way to double down on stupid and out of touch. I wasn’t arguing the gender of the word or even if it’s a good or bad thing. 

Only found it odd you could define or identify one so easily based on edgy fashion trends. 

Believe it or not some people actually work really hard for their bodies and are actually proud of all that hard work. Just because they’re showing off the fruits of their labor doesn’t mean they’re going to fuck everything with a dick or vice versa with a vagina. 
Sadly, sometimes it is. People are filthy animals. 
Nothing like shaming people for displaying their perfectly natural bodies. C’mon, son.  The only obscene or vulgar thing here is the price. People should be allowed to wear what they want free of some slut shaming. Jesus. 
Same. I also set my faceid up by holding the phone at arms length from me instead of close to my face and it’s always operated instantly. 
Maybe I should have said prepare yourselves instead of yourself to be more clear. Sorry again for the misunderstanding I personally feel people should spend money on things they love as long as it’s not done in a harmful or addictive way, but that pretty much applies to everything in life. 

I spend nearly 150 bucks on mlb tv to watch the Yankees play and that’s more than he spends on his hobby so I really can’t judge anyone. 


Uhhhh. What? I meant if you were expecting to be a free to play guy and even be close to finishing your set prepare yourself. 

Not sure how you got that last part so I apologize if I came off bad somehow. 

And sorry I’m responding to your first shocking comment I forgot the very last question about calculating it myself. No sir, I used hearthpwn.com. 
Wait wut 
I’m not pissed off at you bro I’m just confused because you spend on average of a subscription to a wow account but claim to be free to play, meanwhile I’ve never bought a single expansion pack and haven’t spent a cent on this game beyond that back in the day introductory pack special they were having. 

So it’s more confusion than anger. Seems almost like you’re just trying to justify your expenses on the game as nothing by pretending you’re f2p when you’re clearly not lol

But it’s fine do you!



*for comparison to someone who has played constantly but never spent real money here are my stats I just looked up.  Prepare yourself to be demoralized. **



*Classic 655/707*

*Common: 182/182*
*Rare: 148/158*
*Epic: 47/70*
*Legendary: 12/31*

*This set would take 40,600 dust to complete.*


**because being truly free to play means playing since release and using only gold and quests to get classic packs for years but still missing nearly twenty of the most important cards. 

Much love broski do you. I feel bad for the animals too I grew up on a farm but I feel like it’s fighting nature itself 😪
I’m glad you’re enjoying it because traditional cable is terrible, but the cynical side of me says give it time then switch to ps Vue YouTube tv. 

Att isn’t interested in improving their products only milking their very large user base. As soon as my three months is up I’ll be trying to convince my wife to give up the game show network for the much better features of Sony’s service. 
1. You’re right. For an alleged vegan you really got under my skin. I think we should kiss and make up I don’t want to fight with you. Sorry. 
*Harvard’s Department of Human Evolutionary Biology is one of the world’s leading programs to study the fundamental question “How did evolution make humans the way they are?” Our program evolved from the subfield of biological anthropology (sometimes called evolutionary anthropology), but we are more than that because we address issues in human evolutionary biology by bringing together and integrating scholars and students engaged in many fields of research relevant to our core question including:*

*Paleontology and the physical record of primate and hominin evolution
Molecular, developmental, and population genetics and genomics
Primate and human behavior and ecology, including cognition, behavioral development, cultural transmission, and evolution
Anatomy and physiology of primates and humans, including the evolution and function of the human microbiome, and physiological ecology.*

Just look at these silly fuckers! 🙃 
1.  If you can’t understand a metaphor for the very fundamentals of nature then I can’t help you. 

2.  We *do* have sharp teeth, some claws and I absolutely would have a drive to chase down and kill an animal if I was lost in the woods or desert for long enough you jackass. 

3. Yeah you’re probably right Harvard’s Department of Human Evolutionary Biology is full of hacks anyways. 

4. Ugh. 

5. Double ugh. 

6. Jesus Christ. 

7. Yeah you know what my ego says fuck off. 
1. No shit. You proved nothing by stating common sense. 

2. Sharp teeth and the ability to digest meat disagree with you. As does pretty much all science. 

3. Ancestors eating meat caused the evolution of our brains, so it’s not really a chicken and an egg situation at all. They slowly added more and more meat to their diets based on availability. 

4. What?

5. No. Just no. 

6. Maybe you’re getting protein elsewhere from modern sources. How should I know?

7. Sigh. 


*link from fucking nature.com about a scientific study on our ancestors adding meat to their diets and how it helped our brains evolve. Though I’m doubtful all this hard science from real scientists will sway you. 

https://www.nature.com/articles/nature16990
You make so many assumptions I don’t even know where to begin...regardless I don’t think the lion is apologizing to the gazelle and we have sharp teeth and flat teeth for a reason, a reason that your great ape ancestors took advantage of to consume protein which changed your brain to be more capable of realizing things like how animals might feel.

I’m glad we evolved these levels of empathy and I wish we’d start transferring some of them to each other before we started worrying about how a pig might feel while there are people starving.

I agree completely that the current levels of production are inhumane but as an adult who understands supply and demand I get things won’t be changing just because I buy less bacon, I already tried boycotting lots of things I disliked like nestle the baby killing water thieves but all that causes is me to not enjoy crunch bars and bitterness and resentment in my household from my wife and kids who miss their products. 

So since I can’t change the whole world and neither can you vegans no matter how hard you try, I do like my Native American ancestors and I consume moderately and never wastefully, and I give thanks to the creature I’m consuming for giving its nutrients and life force to me so I can go about my day providing for my family in the way they need me to do so they can live themselves.  Beans and legumes and tofu and nut milk  just won’t provide for us at the economic level we need. 

And as far as eating meat is selfish, that arguments silly if you consider all of eating is selfish, and if we started dedicating land to a full vegan earth we’d still have a small subset of people complaining about the drastic environmental effects it’s having on the shittier places financially focused farming practices.  
Except is it false equivalence because you’re using facts vs opinions...

“Stealing is wrong, raping is wrong, eating meat is wrong.”

Eating meat being wrong is an opinion..
Yeah that’s kinda where you go for food nowadays unless you’re killing it yourself, which some people still do quite a bit of. 
Names are useless if you don’t know anything about what they are or do...
😂Holy shit thanks that was hilarious I didn't watch much TV between bowling in GTA IV. 
I only got into some ufc a bit in the last couple of years but I find it very exciting. So no I’m not very well versed on who is who but I can see why he’s legendary that was like watching a real terminator just work people over. He didn’t even look winded or like he was trying. 

I’m gonna just up vote you and move on...
Damn that would get me to watch the weather channel again.
Brb moving to Trinidad. 
Jesus, so many questions.  Who is this beast of a man beating the shit out of people like that so effortlessly? What strange combo of ufc+wrestling is this and how come I’ve never heard of it? Is it still going on now? How are some of these people not dead from those kicks and neck yanks? I just...wow...I need to go to a gym or get a sex change. Not sure which at this point. 

Added bonus edit question, did he break that dudes leg in the ufc fight at the end? Dude just crumbled and quit I’ve never seen that before lol. 
Yeah I didn’t say they are perfect or without their struggles, only that solar roofs are a thing. 
Tesla is already doing solar roofs, surely you know that? And they aren’t a bad idea at all and seem stronger even than traditional rooftops. 
Lol.
I too use humor as a coping mechanism.  

Awesome llama laking my friend. 
Because you have to go to an att store. 
I added it. You just have to look closely for it. 
^^I’m ^gonna ^go ^back ^and ^add ^a ^tiny ^/s. Sorry about that. 
You can tell they’re in wild tho because of the jungle.
Is it possible to learn this technique?
 Not actually forgetting that. You on the other hand are forgetting that stuff was written before tanks and planes and bombs. 

But good luck using your non-well-regulated militia to stop a drone attack from a tyrannical government. 
No shit. Well, “you movin backwards if you suggest you sleep with a tech.”


To edit because I’m just tired of fighting. My ass grew up poor in the ghetto probably way harder than yours and had people break in and steal my shit literally all the time. That don’t change that the world would be safer without guns. 
I’m sorry I’m on mobile when I would need to go to a computer with the keyboard to effectively do it LOL. You’d be better off googling the features and comparing the two and then deciding for yourself every time I try to shout Apple products I get called a fanboy.

The basics for me are beautiful screen that works in all light including bright South Carolina sun. Amazing my multiple day battery life. The ability to pay for things with just my watch. Phone calls and gps from the watch with lte. Waterproof. Scrolling with the crown to minimize fingerprints. Actual useful notifications and theater mode. Honestly I could go on and on but my boss might notice. :/
Happy to oblige!
I’ve felt great all day Dr. Grumps! That’s why I’m trying to share some morning here with you cranky pants! You sweet summer child, you! 

Also how’d you know my name was Doris? You must be blessed by the light, bless your heart.
As you should. My wife convinced me to go with Apple this phone cycle and it’s really been eye opening how far behind google is on the watches. 

I’m not as in love with the phone ecosystem, (notifications are handled in a just terrible way, but everything else works great if you can get past your fear of the “walled garden”) but the watch is everything I’ve wanted in a smartwatch. 

I wish I hadn’t let fear stop me from trying it, but it’s a pricey barrier to entry Apple puts up. 
Googles’ fragmentation strikes again! Jaysus. 
We hope you feel better now that you whinged about cuteness and perceived stupidity in a simple and wholesome place like r/aww. 

Now if you’re not going to be polite please leave. Otherwise you’re welcome to stay with us and go “awwwwww!” Instead. God bless!
Yes! Thank you for saying it! I’m not sure why all these people are so accepting of tools killing people vs weapons killing people. 

They are designed for completely different things and just because you can kill a man with a number two pencil to the neck does not make it equivalent to a tool designed with a singular purpose: to kill. 

Look I like guns as much as anyone I grew up in the rural south and I know all about them, but the world would be a much safer place if we would just decide to stop wanting or needing weapons just because some magic scroll written when guns fired one round a minute said you could.

*looks like I’m the minority here. Fml humanity and your fucking bloodlust. Stuck on this planet with a bunch of violent animals who can’t tell the difference between all the actual evil that went into engineering weapons of mass devastation for the purpose of profits while they laugh at you and collect your cash and sell you poison and promises from alcohol and lottery tickets. Fucking morons all of you. Downvote away. So tired of my brothers and sisters obsessed with destruction over creation. 
Well we wish you didn’t. Haven’t you ever heard the saying “if you don’t have anything nice to say, don’t say anything at all?”

Take some deep breaths and have a good one, your mood will thank you.
1.3m schematic xp!?
I see now I misunderstood. I apologize for the confusion it caused. You are right about directv.  Though I’m convinced their app is only using it for a more precise location for local channels, I wouldn’t be surprised if they threw some way to track you for selling ads as well, it is AT&T after all.
Just no. Apple uses gps because isp geo coding is notoriously inaccurate and Apple don’t got time for that. I’ve personally had my shield tv fail to load the ps Vue tv app because it thought I lived hundreds of miles away and I would have to call Sony support to fix it. 

Also that is the directv now privacy policy and has no bearing on apples own privacy policies, which are pretty strict since they are in the business of selling devices, not like a certain advertising company. 
The Apple TV 4K deal would be your best bet. It’s an amazing device and they give it to you free. Win, win. 
Whoa whoa whoa slow down there. 

We don’t know if she was black. 
It’s obviously easier to bump into it if you’re moving quicker, but in the end if it’s really good I don’t think it matters because you’re not supposed to be able to tell where it begins and ends.
Try PlayStation Vue. I think they still have a seven day free trial and you can use the app and don’t need a PlayStation. It’s leagues better than the DirecTV app.
I think what you mean to say is the *content providers* won’t allow pretty much *anyone*, google and amazon included, to show or sell you their content without some way to make sure you are “entitled” to a license to view it. So yes it’s ads but it has nothing to do with Apple “selling your location”.
I mean you kind of have to touch it in some way I’d rather not use my face.
I have both the Nvidia shield TV and the Apple TV 4K that I got through the DIRECTV NOW promo. I can speak from experience that voice integration is far superior on the Google device. 

For example, on the Nvidia shield I can say OK Google or hey Google play friends on Netflix without any pause to wait for its response and it will turn all my stuff on and do just that without any extra help. 

I really wish that my Apple Watch could do this to my Apple TV. 
I can’t do this with you right now.
She was on a few episodes of Psych as Shawn’s girlfriend for the show. 

Other than that I don’t know what she’s been up to. Even that was quite a few years back now though my brain doesn’t want me to believe it.
Now blizzard is backtracking and saying it was misunderstood/worded poorly. 


From blizzards grizzle again:
*Apologies, but we were not able to include this within the Witchwood patch.*

*I also want to apologize for bad wording in my post. There were many people who were updating this every time a hotfix would happen expecting a fix. My intent was to let people know that if a fix for this does come, it won't be in a minor patch or hotfix. However, reading it now, I can see how it implies it would be in the Witchwood patch and for that I sincerely apologize.*
No, you are!
Same. 
Add me to the list of users experiencing technical difficulties. I guess there’s always PlayStation Vue if this keeps acting up.

*Just to add to the edit, restarting my Apple TV did not fix it.
Did....did you respond to the wrong comment or did my rush order of amazon drone delivered ketamine from the future just kick in?
Right?  God damn that sounds like a lot of work for potentially little to no pay off. 
Yes sir you are right I was a bit mistaken because I opened 100 total mixed packs from the quest rewards, but the witchwood packs I had 80 of and only opened 2 legendaries.  Maybe if I buy a few more packs I’ll get another soon but I don’t really feel like spending the last of my gold. 
F2P that saved up for 80 packs. Got TWO total legendaries. So no. 
Lol (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻ 
Because people are exploitative creatures that will take whatever they’re given.
I opened exactly 100 packs and only got two legendaries.  I thought it was bugged as that seems low..
I was at fifteen! Literally unplayable!
All tables full.   First Fortnite now this! What am I supposed to do play with my family?!

*lol I was waiting on mobile and my screen turned off so now I’m back to >15 minutes. Fucksicles. 
Are...are you asking me? ...I’m gonna say ..probably..?
If your entertainment is derived from constant disappointment may I suggest trying being a Cleveland sports fan?
Wut
Thanks for that. I had to look it up because I didn’t believe you. English is hilarious. 

From Wikipedia. 

*"James while John had had had had had had had had had had had a better effect on the teacher" is an English sentence used to demonstrate lexical ambiguity and the necessity of punctuation,[1] which serves as a substitute for the intonation,[2] stress, and pauses found in speech.[3] In human information processing research, the sentence has been used to show how readers depend on punctuation to give sentences meaning, especially in the context of scanning across lines of text.[4] The sentence is sometimes presented as a puzzle, where the solver must add the punctuation.*

*It refers to two students, James and John, required by an English test to describe a man who had suffered from a cold in the past. John writes "The man had a cold," which the teacher marks incorrect, while James writes the correct "The man had had a cold." Since James' answer was right, it had had a better effect on the teacher.*


Damn, son. 
Mine would be shark. But ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ 
Put the treat in your fist while they can see it and repeat your hand motions from this gif while giving the command “down”. 

Open your hand as soon as they do it. Repeat, voila!

Beautiful animals by the way!
For me it’s been World of Warcraft level of addiction. Good luck!
Are you just.. picking things out at random in the room?
Wireless has been around for *years*. 
I personally don’t buy TVs without RF switches, so I completely understand. 
Anything’s an argument if you want it to be!

Learned that in marriage. Once had a fight with my wife over a lamp. 
No that was totally real, much like The Highlander, both were documentaries filmed as they happened in real time. 

Editing included. 
Scrolling from all, anyone know what’s happening? I’m scared. 
Have 2fa on your google account to protect it so they can’t get into that as a starting point, if you do already then you’re fine. 
Gameplay is King, and Fortnite has it. Freemium helps a ton for accessibility, but the corpses of tons of shallow freemium games before it prove this point. 

I’ve been gaming for over 30 years and Fortnite is one of the most solid games I’ve ever played. It’s really hard to describe to someone who’s not played the game how easy it is to have fun just doing whatever you feel like in the game over and over and over.

As an aside, the story mode is absolutely worth buying as well. I haven’t enjoyed a game this much since World of Warcraft. I just thought it was the same battle royale game with zombies, epic games really should advertise that it’s a whole new mode more. Just wait till it goes free to play this game is going to get even larger.
How do you know the donkey is infected?
Absolutely you guys. I’ve decided to convince myself this one is just an edge lord lying on the internet for points. I really need to believe that to go back to whatever before was. Ignorance truly is bliss goddamn. 
Great, now I feel like all the deleted comments were about me.  
Maybe I’m just really high but this comment makes no sense to me. 
As a baseball fan, what future cy young winner struck you out?

*If you're still here and care,  it was CC Sabathia!  The absolute unit. Amazing. 
They’re blind don’t judge them!
Jesus. More like 360 no hope. 
Do you play the save the world mode? Guess it’s a big part of that mode, but it’s just a bunch of kids cheating each other it gets old real fast.

I didn’t realize how fun the story mode is though so I’ve been playing that nonstop now.
Probably made by the same kids in the global chat that won’t stop scamming each other or accusing each other. 

Seriously, how do you turn off the chat permanently?  Every time I disable it it turns back on after I leave a game and I feel like I’m stuck in a time warp of a worse version of WoW chat. 
Now, Skeeter he ain’t hurtin nobody!
What’s a computer?
Please let me know everything is okay now.
Why cause they’re black?!

(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻ 
“Hey Siri/google remind me to cancel Hulu in one month.”

Literally takes a couple seconds. Done. 
If he’s like me he probably wanted to test the service before he went all in. 
Fill your lungs with as much air as you can hold. Your lungs are the balloons that will keep you afloat.
Money is made every day! 
The ad was so good, it delivered the product directly to your *mind!*

Amazing!
Wow, what an effective ad!
After playing a few games I agree with everything you said, except the graphics part. On iPhone X it looks OK.  On iPad Pro it looks like complete balls. 

There is almost no details in the models, and there’s pretty severe pop up with a limited draw distance. I’m not trying to sound spoiled or anything but I feel like they need to add a graphical settings mode in the game so you could tweak it based on the device you’re using, the iPad Pro is capable of so much better. 

It does run very smoothly though.
According to the article he feels great about it!

"In regards to feeding of inmates, we utilize a registered dietitian to ensure adequate meals are provided daily," Entrekin told AL.com in an email. "As you should be aware, Alabama law is clear as to my personal financial responsibilities in the feeding of inmates. Regardless of one's opinion of this statute, until the legislature acts otherwise, the Sheriff must follow the current law."

At least they use a dietician allegedly?
You had it! Something like. 

“you can find me at da club, bottle full a bub, I’m into having sex not into making love, so come give me a hug etc” 
This practice might explain some Florida man sightings.
Depends on the condition, I’d have to start somewhere.  Either way the doc would know better than I. 
Violating? Why not just amending? 
Yeah I don’t understand the complexities of surgery either that’s why I appeal to a doctor. 
Pardon, “pick up a type”?
It’s our eyes celebrating the shared humanity, damnit!
Same happened to me, I tried my ps vue credentials too with no luck. 

Unfortunately it’s an NBC issue, not a DirecTV one. 
Swiping left or right changes the channel like an old fashioned ch up ch down remote. 
Same problem. It was running great for about two weeks and I actually canceled PlayStation Vue. We’ll see what happens when my three months are up.
I think it counted until the very end. 
It’s greatly affected by environment and state of mind when you do it. Most of the paranoia comes from fear of being caught. If you’re doing it in a legal state amongst friends with good snacks it’s pretty much guaranteed not to be a pnoid trip. 

*that is to add: if you’re nervous before smoking, chances are those nerves will be heightened after smoking. So you just gotta relax, maaan. 
According to the article tons of people get the rat lung parasite and have little to no symptoms and don’t even realize they have it. 

Doctors say it’s exceedingly rare to have the reaction he did and they aren’t really sure why he did since it didn’t seem to be a weakened immune system. 

So yeah eating a slug is stupid, but he was *very* unlucky as well. 
Sure it was simply https://www.samsung.com/us/support/service/
I just sent mine in the Samsung official repair. Actually took them less than a day to fix it. Will be shipping it back to me tomorrow via two day shipping. It  cost me 70 bucks total but I feel like it was worth it for the security of it all.
When you hit the wrong button in a platformer. 
Yeah that seems to explain our different opinions of the service because those feature are the least important to me personally. 

Honestly television isn’t really my thing so it’s just more for my wife or kids to have on in the background.  It seems to stream at 1080p60fps and has more of the channels so it’s working out fine for just watching the cable channels. 

If we want to watch an episode of the alienist or xfiles we just use the respective channel apps to watch them. 
To be fair rap actually has some variety and every chain smoker song sounds the same. 
I wouldn’t be surprised at all, I’ve not had good luck with att as a company in general, but so far it’s working out better than vue for me so I’ll stick it out. 


Yeah basically, the only thing I would add is that it’s called DIRECTV NOW and there’s apparently a slight difference from DirecTV which requires a satellite. 

Highly recommend looking for the Apple TV promotion even if you have one since they basically give you one for free just for trying the service if you’re willing to prepay. Other than the pre-paying for the promo a4ktv there is no contract.
It uses an app just like Vue does, so I got my Apple TV 4K in 3 days so I’m streaming there. The app is accessible as soon as you sign up. 

It doesn’t currently have a cloud dvr function, but according to the guys over at r/directvnow it’s coming very soon. 

So far I haven’t missed the dvr because most of the channel apps themselves have the content on demand, and directv now has a few of the shows on demand as well. 

Also it has more channels, including the Viacom stuff which makes my wife happy she had missed the gameshow network. 
I’ve been having this exact same issue across three Nvidia shield TVs as well. I jumped on that Apple TV offer and I’m trying DirecTV now. So far doesn’t have any of those issues, but I do kind of miss the DVR functions.
 That’s pretty bad. Stuff like this and the ads *in the guide* were enough to make me jump on that Apple TV DirecTV now promotion. Been trying it for a week and so far so good. Already canceled PlayStation vue

*dictation errors
Macgyver that shit. Splice it and tape it up. Fixed. 

Source: was poor af once. 
I love my s7e as well but unfortunately it’s in Texas at a Samsung repair center because it’s my second one to have a bad battery bulge that has split it along the volume buttons side. 

Hopefully it will be back soon and I’m still waiting to see if they are covering the damage under the extended warranty they gave me for the device the first time it happened..

Still a great piece of tech but I might turn off the quick charge feature this time.
He was a mouse and he said squeak. 
Why are you asking a comment to stop? I do not understand, friend. 
Wow. I’m sorry you feel that way bro. I don’t know what to tell you about all that pent up bitterness and hatred you seem to harbor for something that is as arbitrary a concept as what skin color is currently en vogue. 

I used to feel similar to you as an immigrant in this country until one day working my pizza gig my boss gave me some great advice I’ll try to share with you. Once while washing the dishes he asked me if I had a girlfriend and I told him naw I was young and not really interested. 

He put two and two together about me just being kinda nervous with girls and told me not to worry about it. He assured me one day, whether I wanted it or not love would find me. 

He told me in his exact words, “if my ugly fat ass can find someone, you will too so don’t even worry about it just live your life and be happy, happiness is attractive more than bitterness and anger”. 

So you gotta let that shit go bro it’s not worth all that wasted energy, one day love will find you just like it did me, and you’ll be so fucked. So enjoy your freedom!
You can see it if you slam your head against a wall enough times.
r/UnexpectedNotorious
I feel like I would honestly be more surprised at this point if this kind of technology didn’t exist I’m just afraid to Google it.

¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ 
But it makes the person better?
Your internet is beautiful. Holy hell. 
You may or may not be alive enough for us to consider even explaining it to you.
>still not fix? wtf. I can't even do quest. so many tryhards in casual.

Dude, sorry! I don't want to be here in casual either! I just need 80 more rogue wins for gold and they took my fix away so I have no choice but to fiend out in casual. 

Please forgive me I don't have any free slots to make a non-competetive deck.. 
Roving gangs of Catholic cannibals whose prayers have been answered by a body of Christ falling from the heavens? 
Don’t feel bad, I initially thought he meant Hawaii had an immigration problem. 


*ugh, responded to the wrong guy....now I’m an even bigger dummy. Fudge. Ah well...I’ve had a good run. 
Well to be fair only 0.32% of people on Earth get to watch the Australia show. 
You’re not some super genius bro. I tried that too. But then it still pulls and stretches from exercises and eventually there is enough slack in the wire to get caught on something. 

And eventually over enough time the wire degrades and breaks down a bit if you’re constantly struggling to clump it up or take care of it and wind it up the right way. 


So it’s way easier to use wireless pretty much in all situations unless you’re an audiophile. 
Haha?
Until you’re working out doing curls and the fucking wire gets caught in the bar and yanks your phone out of your pocket and onto the hard concrete floor. Yes it’s easier to just not work out, which I considered, but it’s much easier to just use the technology built into the device. 

It’s been my experience that the AirPods work perfectly. So I’ve never had a problem with a headphone jack.
Same, truly a dream item for when I’m working out or even doing monotonous shit like tearing down boxes for work. 
Careful, I said this only yesterday right here in r/gadgets and was down voted pretty hard for expressing a displeasure for wires getting in the way whenever I’m doing something that involves my hands or arms. Apparently going forward means resistance. 
Every time someone offered you a valid criticism or counter-point you called it an insult and began insulting them in a passive aggressive manner. 

Good day to you. 
Damn son, you act like Steve Jobs fucked your mom. 
How did you know her name?
Thank you thank you thank you. I love 50s quirks as much as anyone but after reading about this whole thing in depth it’s obvious he accepted them as payment through a third party who was handling his finances and then that third party sold them immediately for cash value. 

When the story broke he straight up admitted he had forget about them, that’s it and he let the media whip up the rest. He forgot about them not because he was a savvy financial wizard who was investing in the future. He forgot about them because he never even touched or saw the bitcoins and didn’t care what they were. 

As much as I would love to believe Fiddy is getting one over on the IRS it seems pretty impossible at this point. 
Yeah the AirPods slip into their own charging chambers in a small dock about the size of a matchbook but thicker.  It charges them while keeping them safe and you occasionally charge the dock device. 

You should google it as I’m hesitant to say any more since having a positive experience with an Apple product in r/gadgets apparently makes me a corporate shill. ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ 


*in hindsight it’s basically like a zippo lighter for charging and storing them lol
May God have mercy on your time. 
After driving by the damn place and being bombarded by the billboards I finally stopped with my family to check it out. The place was completely empty. Like, ghost town empty. We walked through an arcade that looked straight out of the 80s in a bad way with most of the machines off or broken. 

The giant sombrero attraction was closed, which was fine because it looked shady af. 

After wandering around for about ten minutes we finally found an employee in the gift shop. We bought a south of the border shot glass. 

And that was my trip to south of the border. Just keep driving unless you’re into morbid curiosity. 
I can see why that would be an issue but I've never run into that problem since the airpods also charge where you store them. 
Wow. I don't know what to say please use whatever the fuck works for you. Once again I was just posting my experience, I felt safe in r/gadgets but I suppose next time I'll post a full length resume of my past technological usage. Spoilers I also have a Windows Surface Pro and it's pretty slick too. 

*This comment has been brought to you by Fleksy. For the best typing experience on Earth download Fleksy from iOS or Google play store today!* 

*also this comment was sent across the globe via AT&T's GigaPower Internet! For the fastest Internet choose GigaPower(where available)*
My old old phone was an LG G4 and I love the design of the V30, how's it been working out for you? It's a gorgeous phone. 
Sweet Lord I'm not sure why I'm surprised all this is popping up in a S9 themed post, but I was pretty surprised by this obvious bias just because I'm stating my opinion in a gadget loving subreddit.

I hope none of you fanboys have to experience the battery swelling problems I have with Samsung devices, good luck. 
 
 

*posted from my second Galaxy S7 Edge*
Aka advantage or ability. Chillax bro I never said anything disparaging about other headphones I was simply stating my own personal experience and opinion. 

I have used all sorts of wired and wireless headphones throughout the years for both my android and apple devices, I'm a tech lover not a fanboy. 

Of course airpods aren't gods gift to my earbuds and of course any ole' Bluetooth headset can do most of what they can. All I said was that the problem everyone was having here with the headphone jack and wires was easily solved for *me* by a pair of airpods. 

It fits great, sounds great, charges and stores conveniently for travel, and seamlessly connects to all my apple devices. As a gadget lover *first* I like them a lot, and in the end that's all that matters is it works for you. 
You're getting down voted for your slightly pointed way of saying things, however I completely agree, I couldn't imagine going back to wires now seems like a technological step backwards.
Crikey! You’re on to me! 

^^^^^^^¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ 
Which is weird, because I’ve been a traditionally android and google guy, but after my fourth battery swell from a Samsung device in two years I decided to listen to my wife’s pleas and try the iPhone. 

When I wanted to listen to music while working out I got AirPods for Father’s Day.  Since then I’ve had zero issues seamlessly enjoying music wire free. They stay charged forever sound amazing and I’ve not once needed a pair of annoying wires or a headphone jack. 

I guess I can see how people get bothered by the idea of spending more money to have this privilege but it really works fantastic in my experience.  I think that’s where a lot of the Apple hate comes from, is the whole “you get what you pay for” mentality. 
Lol
Post modernism is a social construct as well. It doesn’t exist and is something pretentious people say trying to sound smart. 

I just spent the last hour reading up on this tomfoolery after hearing it for the first time here, and it’s ridiculous what people will come up with to hand-wave an entire subcourse of rational and skeptical thought. 

And for the record, we just call it modernism. Jesus. 
Wtf are they downvoting you for? Race *is* a social construct. Skin color is literally no different from hair color, so maybe we should start dividing "race" up by blondes and brunettes. 

Holy shit reddit fuck all you ignorant people. 
Even better, realize there's only one race. 
Try giving your comment time to settle bro. And don’t get so hung up on karma.  You did nothing wrong and there is a lot of trolls on these kinds of posts, but people like me appreciate your critical thought and sources to counter any bias. 
Hello motion sickness my old frieeeend...
>Let's stay on point and not get pedantic.

>Do you really think regulating guns will stop gangs from getting arms?

Wtf does that have to do with common sense shit like not selling teenagers weapons if they can’t even drink or rent a car? 

Just normal fucking gun control, not, money-based-capitalist-based-greed-based-everyone-gets-a-gun-to-protect-them-from-the-guns bs.
Yes because gun control = regulating addictive substances. 

Those gosh darn gun addicts just can't help themselves! 
To represent accuracy and both sides I looked it up and you are correct. 

District of Columbia v. Heller, 554 U.S. 570 (2008):
The Second Amendment guarantees an individual's right to possess a firearm unconnected with service in a militia, and to use that arm for traditionally lawful purposes, such as self-defense within the home. United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit affirmed.

It was a very close decision and the root of a lot of contention between people who want to walk without fear of random gun violence in America, and people who think random gun violence *is* America. 
There is nudity in Origins so this seems unlikely. 
The Second Amendment of the United States Constitution reads: 

"A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed." 

So it’s pretty open to interpretation (thanks founding fathers!) but it certainly can be argued that they specifically mean militias. 

Beyond that I really don’t see where it’s stated that we have the right to bear the most advanced tactical assault weaponry and advance the technology of weapons at the occasional expense of each others lives, just because people love weapons. 
Lots of people care, but I guess since you’re only capable of thinking inside yourself it’s not a problem (to you). 
If all that was typed up with swype I’m going to need to switch keyboards. 
Lol this is fantastic thank you. 
I had to scroll down way too far to find this. Where are all my fellow old school call of duty modern warfare players? Where are all my halo 2 buddies? 

This system is rigged from the start, you shouldn’t be asking for better micro transactions! C’mon guys!
Jesus Christ indeed. 
A best friend who can fit the whole thing in her mouth with a giggle that makes my toes curl. 

So worth it. 
Holy shit you’re a fucktard. 
Christ Marie, they're minerals. Minerals! 
I'm sure you know this since this is apple reddit after all, but I was able to force the update to appear by going to the updates section of the app store and pulling the screen down to refresh. 
Yeah it was a fracture, I think my friend said he just had to take it easy or it would cause extreme pain. 

He had meds to help. 
Wouldn’t want that, sight of vomit always makes me a bit unsteady. 
While I couldn’t find the catastrophic damage you mentioned in the link you provided, I don’t want to be contentious but I do want to say I think it’s very neat that the vehicle apparently applied the brakes automatically. 

That would explain why everybody was congratulating the reaction time of the driver when it was apparently happening computer fast. 
Strangely only if I’ve recently had my mom’s spaghetti. 
Do you even gadget bro? /s

In all seriousness most routers against a wall can do basically the same thing, and if people like to be connected pool side, more power to them I say. 
My buddies’ giant schnauzer fractured a dachshund friends back by just slapping him with a paw. 

So this makes my palms a bit sweaty but I’m sure he’s going to be a safe boye.
Except it wouldn’t have solved it in this case at all since it’s a system level bug that a simple google search would have revealed to anyone before some random internet stranger looking for help got told to nuke their device. 

I’m not going to sit here and go back and forth with you, it speaks volumes to me you have more energy to argue with me than you did help OP. 

Good day. 
No sir. It wouldn’t work if it was a physical defect. 

They came here for help and honestly if you were more annoyed than willing you shouldn’t have offered up anything. 

Please don’t take this the wrong way. 
Jesus Christ dude you jumped to the nuclear option way too quickly. 
Real green beans aren’t supposed to taste like soggy plant salt though...
Look at Mr. Happy over here with *parents*!
Damn, son. 

Feel like I just stumbled on a murdered by words set up. 

*krathil above deleted

> why do i have you tagged as "transvestite apologist?"
More like Paragone.
Username doesn’t check out. That’s still exactly right lol. 
Mill rogue? But doesn’t that require actual strategy and thought? When you said you didn’t play I thought you meant as an auto piloting face hunter. /s
Only if you’re a shaman ghost wolf. 
Ironically that’s what playing Hearthstone is like. :D
Shouldn’t you be losing at Hearthstone? 
You guys are missing the point, he may have been okay with the whole grain, but look closely at the picture. The hooks that hold the pop tarts in place would be pulling back the part of the label that said “1”. 

So he had no way of knowing this was one pop tart vs the very next one having two (and not being whole grain is a plus). 


Upon closer inspection it says pop tart and not tarts and I fail at reading comprehension as well. Fml. 
Yeah but the bonemare joke stole the show so why even bother lol. 
I might count the “set up” just as much a part of the joke as the “punchline”. 

Maybe just me though. 
Flashlights were exactly like that though before those super bright LEDs came out.. 
The universe is a big place, if you fucked up all dimensions of reality, I'm pretty sure aliens would be included in that. 

Also I kind of like the idea that it's a war of the world situation and the aliens had sent the first Cloverfield monster from the first movie to cleanse the planet. 
I think it was a very nuanced joke.
Tolerance break bro. Give it at least a week. 
So what impresses you? 
If you have Hulu. Can use the free trial. 
What a time to be alive! Wow!! 
Recover from tons of product exposure that made their brand synonymous with said item? C’mon son.  They were lovin it. 
*After Sissy Marcus told Bernice Marcus about seeing James and David, her father and neighbors picked up shotguns and went looking for the boys and their parents. That evening, police arrested Thompson and Simpson on charges of molestation. The young boys were detained for six days without access to their parents or legal counsel. They were handcuffed and beaten in a lower-level cell of the police station. A few days later **Juvenile Judge Hampton Price found them guilty, saying "since they just stood silent and didn't say nothin', I knew that was a confession of guilt."**[4] Price sentenced the boys to indefinite terms in reform school. The boys, still denied legal counsel, were told they might get out when they were 21 years old.*


What can I even say? Just awful beyond understanding to me. 
What’s so bizarre about it? People get burned they’re gonna show you their scars. 

I personally always used android tablets, starting with the Nexus 10. But when it’s battery started to die and wasn’t easily replaceable I was forced to update it and the best android tablet I could find at the time around the same size was the Sony Xperia z4 tablet. 

Unfortunately it had the same thing happen with diminished battery capacity after only a year and a half of use and Sony support for it in the US was non-existent.  So after looking for another high end 10’ android tablet I eventually settled on a 10.5 iPad Pro. 

I didn’t want to and it took a lot of personal convincing because I felt so locked in the android ecosystem, but it’s hands down the best tablet I’ve used and I wouldn’t take an android tablet if you gave it to me now.  

The iPad is just buttery smooth and a joy to use. Don’t even care, call me a fanboy now. 
Crashes on my android devices a couple of times a week. Which isn't so bad but still awful while driving since you have to wait for a safe time to reload. 

Never crashes on my iPhone. 
Last time this was posted it was said that sorting your music by anything but title will cause the bug. 

I sorted by name and it does seem to be better. 
It’s a market for farmers. 
I can't really get mad though, Microsoft did the right thing and kept extending the warranty on this stuff and replacing them for free. You would have to wait about a month to get your system back from like Texas, but it was worth it. 
While I mostly agree, have you played Origins? It's stunningly beautiful especially on an HDR TV, and it really nails the atmosphere in the same way Assassin's Creed II did. 
Holy shit you’re retarded. 
Naw you’re thinking of the Illuminaughty.  They handle all the sexy stuff. 
Thanks so much! Adorable!  😍
Video would be great!
It looks to me like the glue is slightly stronger and that’s why it’s having a little more difficulty pulling apart. Maybe has something to do with that particular color being in the very middle?
They prefer to defer from referring of reefer. 
Isn’t the s3 Tizen though?
What are you smoking? I still have working ps2s and ps3s. But my xboxes had red ring of death like four times!
Uhhh you were supposed to be paying attention too... -am dad
Almost every. I’ve had Samsung pay rejected every time at Target so it wasn’t cashier error, and one other local philly cheese steak place that had, in the employee’s words, “an ancient terminal”. 

Other than that it was flawless and allowed me to ditch my wallet completely. I love everything about my switch to iPhone X, but really miss Samsung pay. 

Wish Apple Pay was accepted at more places.  It’s neat to be able to occasionally buy gas with my watch or phone, but I’d much rather be able to buy groceries and earn points with it like I did Samsung pay. 
I was not prepared for that. Wtf. Felt like an episode of Yo Gabba Gabba. 
That sucks. I’m sorry you had to go through that, my three asus onhubs have been flawless for years. 
Did you ever try using an app like Wi-Fi analyzer? It could very well be you just live in a place of high interference and every time you added another node to the network you were just causing more problems. Just curious.
Is it? I thought it was an honest question my mistake.. :(
If you never watch the Grammys how do you know what they’re giving away on the air?
You can do it with tasker. 
My faceID unlocks instantly. Maybe try setting it up again and hold it at like half arms length instead of right up on your face. 

Not saying you did that just saying I’ve heard it helps a lot and that’s how I set it up and it’s been flawless. 
Can confirm. This is how I do it as well. 
Jesus I’m never jumping again fuck that noise. 
Guess you'll be lukewarm to know that at least blizz responded to this very issue finally.

   

https://us.battle.net/forums/en/hearthstone/topic/20759231217?page=6#post-105


"01/19/2018 02:03 PMPosted by Grizzle
Hey guys, just wanted to chime in and say we are aware of this issue and looking into getting it resolved. No promises on how soon that will be though :)"



Edit to update blizzard response. 

*”Posted by Grizzle*
*Just wanted to chime in here and say that we are still working on this. Due to the nature of the changes involved, it probably won't happen until the patch with the next expansion set.”* 

*”Just wanted to give y'all a realistic expectation of when it might happen, so don't kill the messenger :P”*

So it's looking like **April**. 
He hit the dodge button and it caused him to jump backwards. Dodging three times in a row causes you to roll, usually putting out the fire. He was clearly panic button slapping. 
Wow. This is some M. Night Shyamalan level twist. 
By high school we had white boards. By the time my kids were in school they had something called Smart boards.
Yeah we had to either take it outside or bang it out the window. 
Of course *now* they tell me. 
Wtf you had a scrubbing machine? 

Am I so old that banging them together to get the chalk out is obsolete?
“Thank God you’re home! I found it like this and I wanted to keep an eye on it so it couldn’t escape!”
Ouch. Sure know how to hit a man where it hurts. 
Yep, I would watch every Yankee game of the year, and then I would get to enjoy the YES logo on my screen for the rest of the year when baseball was over. Plasma sucked for that I eventually upgraded to OLED. 
It’s cold enough for me to stand near my Pioneer Kuro and actually enjoy that benefit!
Huh... why don’t they all just stand in front of the net at the end is it illegal? Sorry my hockey knowledge is very limited. 
Found the white people!
$200 for a deductible? Wow. 
I noticed this on mine too. I managed to fix it by turning the brightness down a tick at a time until it disappeared. 
I don’t know if this is true or not because I never got around to checking sources but I’ve heard that machine actually stops the heart, not starts it. 

The idea being that medical professionals would use it to fix a bad heart rhythm, to let the heart reset it’s pace so to speak. 

*it does stop it

My dogs. Wouldn’t feel right leaving them behind. 
..wuh....what?
They randomly check receipts on the way out at every Walmart I’ve ever been to. Not sure why the other guy is being downvoted. 
Exactly, but I'm actually glad more people don't seem to know this from experience. 😥
Same!
HTC make some fantastic devices! But that’s my only issue with android. The fragmentation of the platform is kind of annoying. I feel like that feature should be universal across android, not that I should have to go buy a specific brand of phone to enjoy it. 

I do still love all my android devices though, not planning on getting rid of them though I did switch to a daily driver iPhone X.
Yes that’s it. I personally like it a lot, was looking at pics of my daughter’s birthday and when I discovered that 3-D touching makes them come to life I thought that was really neat.
Which will be an interesting contradiction to all the people complaining about it on their Apple devices! Let’s not fanboy up folks, remember companies like your money, not you, so just pick what is best for your individual needs then don’t feel the need to defend it at the expense of common sense and class.
Ah neat! Did not know any android devices did it, have quite a few of them. Cool beans. 
Not the guy you asked but I can answer why me and my brothers started cooking around that age. It was simple: our parents were god knows where and we’d be starving and out of bread to eat. 

So it was either learn to heat up that cold shit in the fridge or forage for bugs and berries again. 
Maybe if they’re Bojangles fries. 
Kinda looks like how Apple phones take pictures. They basically record a mini gif and call it moments or something. 
You’ve only had the flu twice? Are you really young or is your immune system Fort Knox? 

Jesus some years I have the flu two or three times. ಠ_ಠ 

*some post got deleted so I can only respond here, I should add that I’m not able to take the flu vaccine because I’m allergic to it and I break out in hives. I’m sure that contributes to it a bit. 
Pretty sure physically assaulting someone for eating a french fry makes you a bit of an asshole. No matter who they are.
Duh. 
Well good on you for giving it a chance by being forced to watch it in an uninterested state and then judging the entire show off that one negative experience. 
That sounds wet and hot.  I predict sparks will fly.
How do you even live? Get a new toaster already. 

^/s
It happens. Though I really can’t judge her without knowing more about your dick or level of personal hygiene. 

Gotta do some mantenance bro. 
Oh I see. Maybe try putting it in slanted slightly? If we are looking down on the toaster, like this    /
I guess that depends on if your wife is toasting something.
Try pushing the bottom lever all the way up. Some of them don’t just go down.
 Check the wallet. 

If I’ve learned anything from Reddit over the years, there could be a whole safe in there with more stuff in it!
Ah, my mistake friend. I misunderstood. 
I’m sorry what. How did he do the thing at 45 seconds?!
Go really fast on your bike and then hit only the front brake really hard and see what happens, it’s not fun.
She didn't leave promptly enough for power hungry mr officer. 
My schnauzer in a nutshell. 
This was precious. And good job camera-chick* for braving the elements!

*pronoun pitfalls
Race is a lie and you're blind. 

That said, simply look above you for the comments you seek. 
Holy hell what a rabbit hole of corruption. 
Yeah. The little us. 
Our as in humanity. C'mon guys. 
I recently learned that over 100,000 children of mostly Scottish and Irish descent were sold off from orphanages as slave labor to places like Virginia colony and south African plantations. 

Pretty messed up that even our children weren't exempt from the practice. 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Home_Children
Perhaps he was being satirical. 
Good lord I hope not. Poor pom. 
ಠ_ಠ 
Thanks for providing at least a starting source. Opened the floodgates to a lot more curiosity for me personally. Going to have to give all this info some good deep thought and look into more sources. Not really surprised big pharma lied to us. 
Is that a good or a bad thing?
Fuckin A no wonder we were in a state of emergency in SC for 6 inches of snow. 
What if the males are pregnant tho.
I’ve had it done to me and it’s not violently uncomfortable. It does render you completely blind and helpless though. Which might be what they’re going for. 
I wasn’t joking.
Thanks for the eye bleach. That particular wombat looks like a super fat rabbit lol
Yeah believe it or not I actually read the entire Wikipedia. It was like a terrible train wreck. When they mentioned that there was a movie I have no interest in it sorry. I don’t think I could put myself through that.
I love how people on Reddit always have to preface the reason they were in the Walmart. It’s like they’re saying “don’t judge me!”  

Nobody ever just says I was in Walmart. They always got to go into great detail on why they were in the Walmart.
My friend in middle school got punched in the face by a boxer. Made him wobbly and cry a bit. Was one of the funniest things I’ve ever seen. 
Wow that’s fucked up. Ugh. Gonna need time to digest this one. 
Sure thing. 
Same thing here. It's out of warranty so I'm hesitant to deal with it. Let me know if you figure it out. 
I accidentally wall mounted mine and noticed it after the fact. 

Being a pollock I just left it. Been working fine since 2016 black Friday so I don't think it really matters. 
Same. I’ve never used twitter and I don’t understand the flow or replies at all. Think I’m just going to settle into old age here in my thirties. Seems safe. 
I got it working by adding the cemu.exe file to my list of games in the GeForce experience application on pc. 

Then I would load cemu from the list of games on moonlight for the Nvidia shield. 

You can even use a controller and things seem to work alright.  Maybe a little laggy but my pc is about 5 years old now. 
It’s very likely. Last time it snowed this hard was back in 1989 (when The Undertaker threw Mankind off a steel cage and through an announcers table) and there were random moose attacks throughout the city. 
Lol it's okay apparently they left yesterday and avoided this snowpacolypse. 
Yay you made it out! Hope y'all enjoyed your stay! 

Now excuse me I have to go play in the snow for only the second time in life. 😃 
What’s a Nubian?
How neat is that?
Is it weird if my brain auto corrected it to Pennsylvania and I literally didn’t notice the typo until you pointed it out?
It’s because they need to be sitting in just the right seat for death to find them later when they reach their *final destination.*
SHIA LABEOUF
Apparently it’s the actual full game they recently released for pc and Mac. Allegedly. 
Right?! I *hate* when people use the dictionary to define words!

Ugh, like who do you think you are, Webster’s?
Wow I remember seeing this scene as a kid. I had no idea  that was Matthew McConaughey all this time. Weird. 
34 here! He’s lying run as fast as you can from the light!
Gosh. I liked it. 
¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ 
My birthday is in one day. I can answer this. Basically nobody gives a fuck. 

I hope that answered your question.


Or the cake is a lie! 
He got a Muslimectomy. 
It’s Williams syndrome. 


*Williams syndrome is a developmental disorder that affects many parts of the body. This condition is characterized by mild to moderate intellectual disability or learning problems, unique personality characteristics, distinctive facial features, and heart and blood vessel (cardiovascular) problems.*
Stay classy. 
It’s at least double that fam.
(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻ 
Lol no worries bro you're fine. On a side note I didn't notice where I was replying so just everyone pretend I said three Xbox ones  😂 
Not even close. 

High (Best video quality, up to 3 GB per hour for HD and *7 GB per hour for Ultra HD)*
That’s.....a lot of assumptions considering I was just trying to help you. 

Anyways I’m the head of an entire household with over 40 devices including four(!) 4K hdr TVs and three ps4 pros. 

Even with my entire family consuming massive content almost all day we use just under 2tb of data a month. 

You were asking about just streaming 4K Netflix and I still stand by believing you’ll be fine for just that. 

Have a good one. 

I can only assume it’s like my mother always told me growing up, I hate you. 
1tb should be plenty as long as you’re not downloading your entire steam library all at once. 
I’m sure. My television automatically switches to HDR mode when it detects it. And it doesn’t do it for Planet Earth 2. 
Sounds like your tv. It’s an older 4K model without hdr, which is the most important part. HDR makes images super realistic because of how it works contrast. 
My s7e has been doing the same recently. 

Do you VR on it? Sometimes it seems like it happens after I use it for VR.
Just no.
( ＾◡＾)っ (‿|‿)
Do you hate them for the same reason I get mad watching someone pound a juicy steak when I’m on a strict diet? Maybe you just want to stick a little meat inside you..
At least you’re honest. I commend you for that it’s not easy to own a mistake like this. 
Lol I’m sorry but 4K blu Ray dvd is unintentionally hilarious to me. 
I’m still hopeful. I’m a tech lover first and I just want to go to where the best products are.  Competition can only help us in the long run, just seems like Google has really lost themselves lately. 
It’s  been flawless honestly and I love it, just didn’t know how OK I was to say that in this particular part of Reddit. 

And that’s funny because I was such a diehard google fanboy but android wear just went nowhere for so many years I got tired of waiting around. 😪
In certain hoods it’s a matter of disrespect more than it is money. You often don’t want to look like a punk. 
Can confirm, household full of eneloops I’ve never once thrown a single one away. Still going strong after at least 7 years no bamboozle. 
Well Yoda just kept telling everyone to just do, and they been force jumping around with impressive distance for a long time anyways. So maybe gravity has been restricting them and this still makes sense since there is no gravity.
“Kowtow”. 

I feel way too old to still be learning new words.  Thanks!

kow·tow
ˌkouˈtou/Submit
verb
1.
act in an excessively subservient manner.
Pepperidge Farm remembers.
It’s gotten to the point that I can only accept that these people doing this are actually not Buddhist. They just thought they were. 😢

It’s just not how Buddhism works in my understanding. 
I’m honestly not even mad about the scene. Remember watching the original Star Wars and thinking to myself “when are they going to realize they could use the force to pick themselves up? They could be flying all over the place!”, so it’s about time they figured it out.

Also seems like if she was in the vacuum of space being able to use the force to move yourself would be a lot easier since she’s weightless. 
Had to come down way too far for this. Without information everyone relied on what the local news told them to believe or their local church group. 

Was the dark ages, man. DnD was the devil, magic the gathering was the devil, mortal kombat was the devil, etc. 
Yeah I was allowed to play Doom because I was killing demons for God. 

I couldn't play Pokemon because it supported evolution. 

Parents can be fucking retarded. 
Ape Escape was the first game that required the new Sony analog controller. 
Do yourself a favor and Google it. Yes we are a inbred mix of evolving humans, but we share the same end point. There is absolutely not "races".

The 1% found it was in there best interest to dehumanize people they wanted to control, it's always been the way to justify terrible actions against our cousins. As soon as you can start to believe someone is different from yourself, the sooner you are okay with treating them differently. 
You'll have to clarify your meaning before I can appropriately respond to you. 
Slow down there, they gotta leave features out to sell them to you later as upgrades. 
That's the spirit! 
That actually sounds really convenient. Mine just turns on a tiny inconspicuous green light, from the bottom. 
I'm guessing they want you to burn "active" calories? Whatever that means to them. Guess they just want you to be more active. 
Indeed. Though I personally think Metal Gear Solid used them best. 
Too late. Jumped to Apple. Fuck. 
Right!? Ape Escape blew my mind. He walks or runs depending on how hard you press. Amazing!
Science tells me race isn’t real. 
Society tells me it’s one of the most real parts of ourselves. 
It’s unfortunate we’ve all been lied to and brainwashed so hard, that comments like the ones on that site exist at all. 
I was just joshin bluedrogon, not sure why you’re referencing the vid when I wasn’t. 
You might also be a pussy. 
I thought I was a passive aggressive asshole but reading your comments made me feel a lot better about myself. Thanks and Merry Christmas! 
He said “the selection is suspect”. I thought that covered inventory. 
Holy shit this was a hilarious epiphany for me. Christians think they are holier than thou and anointed by the divine himself, and atheists are pretentious assholes who think they are smarter than religious folks. 

Thanks so much for clearing that up for me, made me realize we are all fucking dumbasses no matter what you believe. 
I've seen quite a few spectacular sunsets myself, so I know this could absolutely be real, but the way the stadium lights are shining makes it hard for me to believe it's not filtered in some way. Gorgeous shot though. 
I have the same experience though. It might not be fair because he could be using a really old android tablet. 

He mentioned factory resets and I have to do that as well with my Nexus devices. However again, they are quite old at this point so he might just need to upgrade. 
Didn’t he say it probably happened because he thought Jonah was funny?
Wow. You pissed off some people. Not sure how, Android is notoriously fickle and fragmented and my experiences are exactly the same as yours. I’m a tech lover and I have dozens of devices from Surface pros to iPad pros and many android devices.  The Apple devices definitely hold up better by far and my girls also greatly prefer Apples ease of use and reliability. 
Thank you, I was wondering how it looked without all the saturation. 
Turns your phone into an impromptu board game there's definitely value there.
Or jackdaws and crows.
If you save the comments and then go to where they are saved in your profile you can sometimes see them even when they have been deleted.
Think Caesar once said something like, “a man fights more zealously against his enemies than he does for his friends.”
“You can’t taste racism baby!”
I appreciate the heads up, but that's honestly never stopped her before on android. 
Great deal. Bought one for my kid who loves to draw and paint. Thanks guys. 
Try changing the game language in settings, then swap it back. Worked for me on mobile. Strange bug indeed. 
I do appreciate that, she's been super lonely since I started buying my paper towels at the self check out. 
Sound advice, you've clearly had many years to master your humanity. Hopefully I can one day be like you, before you die. 
I want this so badly. Please start right away with your next response. Try to focus especially on my hatred for supermarkets and napkins. 
You seem very wisdomous. Thank you kindly. 
Well yeah. That’s a no brainer even for a repubby. 
I'm not sure what the f*** you're even talking about, nearly every bill I pay online actually gives me a discount for paperless or online billing.
Same boat as you apparently, real talk, can you not imagine why that may be?
Just checked, it’s not. :(   

Looks quite bad actually. 
Cross play between platforms? Did I just witness a unicorn? 
Thank God I wasn't the only one. We're not joking right? 
Yeah I understand. It's a pretty crappy situation. 
I don't see it that way at all, but you're entitled to your opinion. It's a normal human reaction to knock away the device trying to harm you. 

Dude got shot to death over a $1.67 broken tail light. 
I actually watched a little of it but I don't see what the point of it is. Dude seems to be arguing about whether Walter grabbed for the taser or not and if that justified getting shot five times in the back. 

I dunno it was not good from the little bit I saw. Whether he grabbed the taser or knocked it down doesn't mean he deserved to die. 
He did! 

Should have been way more in my opinion. Slager still gets out in time to be with his family, something Walter Scott's family can't do. 
Fudge, sorry. I'm going to be honest I've had Android Wear since the LG g watch and I got tired of the crap like this so I jumped to Apple watch and it's been better..
I think sound triggers are more powerful. 
Have you tried Evernote? Heard good things about it. 
Wow, what a shit show. ☹️
Dicasso? 
Fair enough. 
I get your point and I was just curious sorry if this came off wrong. 

That said I feel like you can't really blame Microsoft there, it's kinda like the Zune, they tried they just lost. 
Like what? 
Kinda sounds like you're thinking of Alphabet (Google). Microsoft's been pretty solid the last five years or so. I have a surface pro, iPad pro and tons of android tablets and each is great for their own thing. 

Androids are cheap and spread around for fun, iPad for work, Surface for utility and basically everything else. 


Yes. To everything you said. 
I'm sure it's more like breaths for the Almighty. I take quite a few of those depending on what I'm doing. 
The lord is one lazy motherfucker. 
Looks more like Peanuts style animation than Calvin and Hobbes. 
Fun fact: they can fly quite well, and it makes a terrifying fwiff fwiff fwiff sound of their wings beating together as they circle your soul. 
I heard it's actually because insurance companies want bulk discounts from the hospitals and try to negotiate prices with them, so the hospitals get tired of being low balled on services so they jack up the price way high to something unrealistic to bring the cost down to something profitable for themselves. 

So the result is ridiculous anchored prices that aren't meant for consumers, so you can easily negotiate it down.

My son was born almost a month premature and the initial bill was nearly 100k dollars and we didn't have insurance that covered any of it. My wife cried on the phone about how we just wanted our son to live but couldn't afford this, and the hospital worked with us immensely.. Ended up paying almost nothing after they ran some NY state help programs for us, but it shouldn't come to all that for people to just have kids. 
The Dogctor will see you now.. Early dognosis looks bleak, need more treats and belly rubs to confirm. 
Kind of looks like a pomeranian? 
That's actually like best case scenario on these things. 
I had this exact issue on a ps4 pro, so it’s probably tv related. I fixed mine by buying a new high speed hdmi cable. 

Apparently the cables of old will carry the signal fine most of the time, but when data requirements get too high from the system old cables can’t keep up. 
Absolutely. And that's what the cop said too so you guys are both right. It's just that I didn't really understand because I wasn't really going to yell about it I just thought that it was because we had this near miss and maybe she wanted to talk about it I know it's stupid. 

I had no way of knowing that that was where she was headed so I just thought she was turning off the road to talk because it happened so close to where the incident was.

I feel absolutely awful at the idea that I could cause this poor girl to be scared that I might show up and hold some anger or bitterness towards her when that's not the case at all. ☹️😭 
In the literal metaphorical sense that I could not stop watching the horror that was unfolding in front of me and ended up watching the whole thing then wondering how I’d got to this point in my life. 

Highly recommend it!
It was a train wreck. 
Please no. What is wrong with you people. 
I know right? Always thinking they know best. Stupid devices. 
Only if you want to talk about that strange capital “talk”. It’s almost like people make mistakes or something. 
Reddit should have black gold, or anti-gold or something. Straight up for when you hate a comment so much you want to pay to add a second, gold cancelling badge to the comment. Then we could see people compete to hate/love the comment. It wouldn’t remove any gold you have, just be competing beside each other so you can keep tally of the love hate. 

Reddit should totally do it, they love money. 
The mat at the entrance says Papa Johns.  Dude needs to get his pizza hot or he’s not the number one dad.
No, trust me I know about all that, I'm talking about his question on how you call a house. 

Also that's not necessarily true, in my case whenever somebody would call enough it would just kick me off the internet and then the phone call would go through.

Would be super annoying if I spent the last 6 hours trying to download a song. 
Wtf does that even mean? Are you saying his comment has homosexual tendencies?
Yeah Pandora always started out great but after a while it would get fucked up by other people interacting with my music.
You’re joking right?
Underappreciated wingman with the perfect set up. Well played. 
I have it on USA att as well. No I've never used the app and that's saying something because I've even used the rewards program (plenti) at this local soup place. 

Never needed to keep track of it though as the soup place kiosk does for me. I guess disable it if it's bothering you, otherwise "if it ain't broke don't fix it", has always worked out best for me in tech. 
Think of anything you like. Let's say video games. Tomorrow violent video games are made illegal and anyone owning some is a criminal.

Now you have a few or still like them a lot and don't care what the government says so you acquire some more violent games from a friend. Congrats! You've done something illegal, *and* criminal. 

If it was decriminalized and just illegal, then you'd just get a fine maybe and lose possession. If it was like today's drugs, illegal *and* criminal, you'd be in prison most likely copping a plea deal about how evil you are so the man can forgive you for your personal habit and let you go if you promise not to try it again.

That's the difference. I'm of the belief that only criminals should be criminals. Y'know, the people hurting raping stealing and killing and such. If someone does that stuff on drugs seems irrelevant to me, as their are lots of people doing drugs safely, so the criminal action takes priority.

And if you did something fucked up and want to blame drugs then again, oh well, crime is crime maybe that's why you personally shouldn't have done drugs. Don't ruin it for everyone else. 

And don't even get me started on the hypocritical nature of wealthy cocaine use that leaves your system quick enough to slip through drug testing for the rich and powerful, while simultaneously testing months back on weed smoking on kits that have a tainted history of false positives that have ruined people's lives. 


*Edited for grammar/clarity. 
I think most people just want it decriminalized. Completely different things. 
I so far have always made it to the counter in my kitchen safely, despite my excited dogs' best efforts. 
Also constantly happening to me: 

Delivery guy - "that'll be 20 bucks, enjoy your meal."

Me - "thanks, man, drive safely out there." 

Delivery guy - "you too.."

Us - 🤔😔 
Wow this simple statement was such an adventure! At first I laughed so hard at how true it is. Then I cried a little about how true it is. Then I got sorta angry about it all. Now I'm ambivalent. Sheesh. I might need to stop smoking crack. 
This is Charleston, SC, I lived here most of my life and am currently right on the edge of summerville and north Charleston so I can assure you this stuff is *everywhere*.. I could walk outside my home and snap a similar picture in less than five minutes too. 
Found the shill everyone! Redditor for one month? Whaaaaa? C'mon son. 
Yes, your one anecdotal comment clearly cancels out the reality I see everyday around me. 

Also, I love how your "just work hard and sacrifice!" mentality acts like people aren't doing that already, and still getting fucked. 
Apparently they are back up now. (according to my brother; I'm not in game atm). 
Nice update I guess, but when are they going to turn the online mode back on anyone have any clue about that?

*auto translated changelog 

*As the latest work of the National Golf Game "Minna no GOLF" series, the newly released PlayStation® 4 software "New Everyone's GOLF". On November 20 (Monday), delivery of a free large-scale update on which the "national convention" online is implemented, and delivery of the new course "Namron Bay Country Club" as a paid download content (DLC) was decided on Monday, November 20.

In addition, in commemoration of the delivery of the "National Convention", in order to allow more people to feel free to play this work on the PlayStation ™ Store in celebration on November 9 (Thur) today, the download version "New everyone's GOLF "sale will be carried out.

Free large update on November 20 (Monday)! Online-only mode where anyone can participate "national convention"

"National Tournament" delivered by free large update of Monday, November 20 (Monday) is an online only mode where all participants compete for scores. It is a two-part system of "qualifying" and "final", and the top scorer in "qualifying" advanced to "final". The regulations differ for each competition, as there are restrictions on clubs and balls (gears) that can be used, and it will be a game in bad weather.*
Really? Maybe that’s why I didn’t like it. Live in the south so I have like fifty chicken places to choose from already, and they wanted to charge me for sauce so my cheap ass was like no thanks. 

Chicken was just alright. Juicy but tasteless compared to Chick-fil-A or bojangles.  I’d probably take Popeyes over it. Maybe even kfc. Or maybe even church’s chicken. Ah well. 
Have you tried Narwhal? It’s the best Reddit app I’ve ever used on any platform. It has a small learning curve with the way upvotes and downvotes work, but once you get used to it it’s hard to go back. 
The sport band or sport loop? Just want to be sure. 
I mean if you don’t have what it takes you could ask strangers to do it for you. They are always super willing at the bathroom at my Jim. 
*-slowly and sadly puts pitchfork away, wanders off to find an EA post-*
Kinda reminds me of the doctor from the human centipede. 
I’m not really sure about your idea, but would maybe having two separate Bluetooth headphones connected work for you guys? 

I’ve never really considered that so I couldn’t tell you if you would both receive audio simultaneously.
Or as my mom would say, “You get what you pay for.”  

*though I should add to this that Apples’ own expensive leather Smart Cover for my iPad Pro 10.5’ is already frayed around the edges and dented from the camera lens after only like three months. I guess that’s more inherent to the properties of leather though. And strangely the magnetic attachment feels weaker than when I first bought it, I don’t even know if that’s possible.

If I could do it again I’d get the non-leather version it probably lasts longer. 
Sprinkle a few small drops of water on it and then pick it up and roll the screen around, if the drops of water move freely and easily to the point that they’re ready to roll right off your device, then you’re oleophobic coating is probably fine. 

If you already have the screen protector on then go ahead and test it on that and if it’s got the coating then I guess I wouldn’t worry about it leave it on and let it protect it.
Truth. 

I’m looking at you android wear!
Alcohol destroys the Oleaphobic coating, I believe you’re only harming your device. 

I don’t personally know anything about those wipes, but I wouldn’t use anything with alcohol on my screens, or maybe even near my eyes for that matter. 

Especially since a little bit of water seems to work just fine.
Those are the exact three I also skip holy crap.
You’re right, thank you! Whew......

Wait a tic..

Fuuudge...😢😭
What the? I could have sworn I read a while back they dropped that? 

What gives? 

*Looked more into it. Apparently they still have don't be evil as a code of conduct for Google, but not their parent company Alphabet. Hmmm. 
Naw you can’t take this away from me. I used to work at a food place and the only people that ever were extra nice to me were fat guys who wanted *extra extra* mayonnaise. 

I’m a dude, but I can’t really blame them for getting excited mayonnaise is delicious. 
Lol yeah I’m pretty sure they did that shit to the IRS. 
*”One of Masterson’s accusers filed a police report in 2004 saying that she was raped in 2003, but the case didn’t move forward after the Church of Scientology intervened and submitted over 50 affidavits from Scientologists who denied the woman’s account. According to a report filed with the Los Angeles Police Department, the woman said Masterson raped her while she was “passed out,” and when she awoke and realized he was raping her, she struggled with him until he choked her and she passed out again.*

And I find this part particularly disturbing:

*”In Scientology, reporting another Scientologist to law enforcement is considered a “suppressive act” and can lead to immediate expulsion from the organization. “*

Wowza. 
There’s literally dozens of us!
So happy I’m ugly!
Humor is the canary in the mine. 

This stuff exists regardless of their actions, not because of them. Instead let them serve as a reminder of the injustice and seek to change it eventually. 

Or just fucking chuckle a little.  I went to a very urban high school where I was one of the only white skinned kids and me and my black skinned friends would fuck around like this a lot. Context matters and when you are friends and know the person well enough it ain’t no thang. 

Let’s get mad at actual discriminatory racism, not the humorous kind making fun of it. 
Clever girl. 
How so? Look at the last paragraph. 

“The even better part is we still have a lot more to reveal around the game in the coming months. To answer your question: *We can tell you now the game has a ton of content, but not everything everyone wants will be in the game at launch*.”

Lol
So it's back................   


And to the left?
Yeah we will when we can, in the mean time; where's the fun in that? 
Mostly false. 
Exactly!  My father would make me do it all the time. 
*The balloons were launched from Nevada and navigated over Puerto Rico using machine learning algorithms to predict the direction of air currents.*

Wow that *is* fucking nuts. 


You’re right. It was probably fake news because if Russia was actually interfering to get Clinton elected Trump would have told us it was true.  But thankfully he tells us it didn’t happen and the FBI is lying. 

God knows she was sketchy as hell keeping *files* on a server not connected to the government. I’m amazed Trump hasn’t put her in jail yet for her crimes. 
No I understand the difference, I just figured you would probably be able to figure out that their “interference” *probably* wasn’t meant to get Bernie Sanders elected president, or maybe even Hillary Clinton.

And I guess it’s not technically collusion, but with all the ties being found around President Trump and Russia, maybe you could connect the dots yourself. 

So I guess any “interference” Russia was doing could’ve been happening out of the kindness of their hearts. For either candidate, obviously.
From the Comey testimony itself. 


*“HEINRICH: The president has repeatedly talked about the Russian investigation into the U.S. — or Russia's involvement in the U.S. Election cycle as a hoax and fake news. Can you talk a little bit about what you saw as FBI director and, obviously, only the parts that you can share in this setting that demonstrate how serious this action actually was and why there was an investigation in the first place?*

*COMEY: Yes, sir. There should be no fuzz on this whatsoever. The Russians interfered in our election during the 2016 cycle. They did with purpose. They did it with sophistication. They did it with overwhelming technical efforts. It was an active measures campaign driven from the top of that government. There is no fuzz on that. It is a high confidence judgment of the entire intelligence community and the members of this committee have seen the intelligence. It's not a close call. That happened. That's about as unfake as you can possibly get. It is very, very serious, which is why it's so refreshing to see a bipartisan focus on that. This is about America, not about a particular party.”*

So I guess it’s still just this former fbi director guys’ word against, what, Trump? And Trump just fired him for investigating stuff so I’m sure it’s legit. 

https://www.politico.com/story/2017/06/08/full-text-james-comey-trump-russia-testimony-239295
Without getting too Buddhist on you; time will never diminish those things we continue to hold on to. 

You were a fine caretaker as far as I can tell. 

At some point you must take a deep exhale, and let free any feelings you harbor. Bless you. 
Greed ruins everything. You were doing right by the money. For what it's worth, thank you. 
Because she thought it was going too commercial, holy shit. Nostradamus over here. 
I feel like I overheard a public argument and am just awkwardly looking for a way to escape. 

Also you totally seem way more right to me personally and I'm not sure why moviecommenter is being grumps. 

*-white person jumping high five to freeze frame-*
Just to add to this, be very careful if you log on the PC version and get the card, you will be unable to play on any other version if you don’t have the update which has yet to be released on android or Apple store.

Just slightly annoying to be sitting here with the games unable to play them on mobile.

* Mobile version is out now at least for Apple download at will!
Have you tried restarting?
You make a lot of assumptions. 
It made it a lot harder to get those things, yes, and you can't shoot a church full of people with them so fuck off with that shit. 
October on US att. 
Why? Please explain what you mean with this ridiculous comment.
Dude, look where you are. It’s like being an alcoholic who complains at the way the bartender makes drinks. 

That’s this sub in a nutshell. Some of these folks are so high up on their soapboxes they can’t find a way back down again. 
Thank you. Sheesh. 
You're so full of shit.
Razer didn't refuse to honor my RMA's on a $3,800 dollar laptop. But they *did* dick me around for three months telling me the RAM was fine, forcing me to use a faulty computer and having to take my own time to send it back to them (They only ship FedEx and there isn't one very near me) from SC to CA 3(!) times before they finally agreed that the RAM was faulty.

And that was only because on the third time I wiped the device clean except a user named RAZER TEST HERE, with a completely empty desktop except for the built in windows RAM testing software named "CLICK ME", which always immediately threw memory errors and straight up in the program said "Memory problems detected, contact your hardware vendor".

So yeah it was pretty ridiculous but they did eventually replace the RAM for me.
It’s like a super-geared but low level World of Warcraft pvper. 
I see. 
*“One particular case has been documented from Australia. In February 1995, a man committed suicide on parkland in Canberra. He took a pump action shotgun and shot himself in the chest. The load passed through the chest without hitting a rib, and went out the other side. He then walked fifteen meters, pulled out a pistol and shot himself in the head. After reloading the shotgun, he leaned the shotgun against his throat, and shot his throat and part of his jaw. He then reloaded a final time, walked 200 meters to a hill, sat down on the slope, held the gun against his chest with his hands and operated the trigger with his toes. This shot entered the thoracic cavity and demolished the heart, killing him.[5][6]”*

Sweet lord wtf. 
It’s an olden retriever. 😁
I’m tearing up it’s so cute wtf. 
The pornaissance.


Holy shit wow picturing a mozzarella stick in one hand and a mozzarella sized dick in the other while you rage jerk without marinara lube. 


I might need to stop smoking dope. 
You like to get those Fridays off to a dramatic start, don’t you?
https://thebark.com/content/heres-what-dogs-see-when-they-watch-television

This link explains it best. Resolution has helped dogs greatly understand the pictures as the stuff they represent but they still can’t see the tv the same way we do unless the frames are moving fast enough. From the article above:

“There is even a channel especially for dogs on HDTV called DogTV. The channel has more frames per second than regular television and is specifically colored for a dog’s specific sight. Since dogs can process visual information faster than humans, what they see is quite different from what we see.”

So certainly nothing stopping us dog loving humans from trying to help our furry friends! 
Unless the movie was running at a high frame rate, the dog probably wasn't seeing it the way everyone here seems to think they are. Dogs don't see TV the way we do it's more like a stop motion film to them or moving pictures where seamless for us and looks fluid.  

So really what this dog was seeing was what looked like stuttering still images of a bear attacking a person I guess it's still good enough to go "oh no,  bear!" but for the most part the dog probably doesn't believe it's real enough because of the crazy way it's moving to his perception.   

I believe I read somewhere that dogs need about 80 frames per second to see still images as a fluid image, most movies and TV shows are at 29.97 frames per second so it's just not good enough. There is of course content as I mentioned before that is higher frame rate and it could be up to 120 but it is exceedingly rare. 

I'm not sure what happens when you add things like motion interpolation and other smoothness features which creates additional frames to make things look smoother to us. 
Yeah man me too. It's zippy as hell and if you go into settings -> customizations and scroll to the bottom and enable high performance mode it really flies! 

Battery seems about the same but really loving the smoothness. 
I actually switched to Microsoft's launcher and so far so good.  
  
Gonna try it out a few days to make sure it's not just some placebo effect. 

It's pretty nice though I really like having the tool tray thing at the bottom of the screen. And I was able to setup my gestures same as Nova. 
Have you just been using TouchWiz then? 
  
*I missed below me here that you did in fact use TouchWiz now,  I guess I will give it a try. 
Try Google photos? 
Her elbow wobble made me nervous as hell.
Isn't that 5 hours of screen on time? 10% in 30 minutes = 20%/hr which is okay I guess but 20% an hour seems kind of high to me. 
*The entire Max Headroom hack lasted one minute, twenty-two seconds before signal transmitters were able to black it out. They discovered that at the time of the incident there were no engineers on duty at the WTTW transmitter tower. Had there been someone there, the signal could have been stopped. By the time they noticed the error, however, the 90-second transmission was over.* 


 
From the article. Interesting timing by the perp if you ask me.. 
Fleet of camels sounds more believable, don't take this from me dammit! 
Probably. A little worried about the switch to Apple pay though because I've gotten very used to Samsung pay working even in places that swear it won't. 😂
Does anyone know if it still fits in the gear VR while in this case?
His looked like GSam. 
No of course; I have an iPad and an old iPhone 4s so I'm pretty fluent in both platforms. Honestly after using the iPad for a bit you get so used to the gestures for multitasking that you start to feel like a back button is a waste of space.. 
Absolutely agree. But I'm thinking of jumping ecosystems this time, feeling really tired of being Google's beta tester and their fragmented ecosystem gives me agita. 
Snapdragon version is way worse. This is my second edge after my first one's battery bulged and nearly popped my phone in half. 

Had it since December when they fixed it for free. 

https://imgur.com/32gvpYO
Which is kind of funny because all of those things you listed are not doing so hot anymore. 

Maybe you’ve nailed it and it’s commercials that millennials *really* hate. 

“Sign sign everywhere a sign...”  
Yalikedags? 

https://imgur.com/gallery/HqJRx 

Auto settings I think. Took it a while ago, s7 edge.   
I don’t think it’s working she just keeps going.
Yeah yeah, I’m more impressed with all the people driving without lines on the freaking road!
Your mistake is comparing shit that matters, with shit that doesn’t matter.
I have discovered over the summer wearing a full face goggles that if I exhale slightly through my nose and then inhale slightly back through my nose I could get the sensation of breathing and stay under the water a lot longer. 

Was I really just slowly suffocating myself? I was a little nervous of that, and when I would come back up for air I would be a little lightheaded.
Plus you’ll end up on an episode of Monsters Inside Me. 
This behavior happens to me even when I turn off every single CEC option in my TV and Shield. I have an LG OLED TV.  I turned off simplink as well no dice. 

It’s very frustrating as I used to be able to jump between inputs while playing games or watching tv. 

Any ideas?
I haven't watched it, but I'm guessing by the context of the comments it's Band of Brothers, one of the best shows of all time, not even just historical.  

*in a place of better Internet and it is indeed Band of Brothers. 
Right? He’s so lucky my uncle never loved me enough to touch me. 
Yeah I know I've heard it all from gun loving family members already. 

Basically you're telling me there are too many guns so let's not even try. 

Okay so let's ban bullets. All bullets and the gunpowder required to make them. People may be stocked now but those are all responsible gun owners right? 

If bullets and gunpowder was rare or impossible to get maybe that would fix some things? 
It's not so much they are ranking it for you as stating a fact. 
 
Yes it's always fucked. Just like I think it's fucked as an anti gun nut to see all the people saying shit about how, "It's not the gun that did this, it's the *illegal* parts of the gun that did this!"

All I see and or hear just like those people being shot is a gun, not a person. 

Nothing will change. America. Greatest country in the fucking world.    
Other people on Reddit have commented that they may be *private forces, which if true means these people don’t give any fucks about the people they are fighting. It is literally their job to do this stuff.

They are probably working with big boss to build outer heaven.


*this has been disputed. I tend to believe the people saying they are locals, as private forces really seems unlikely at this point in the face of the evidence. 
Judging by the age of this post it’s not very common, but I actually came here looking for this. 

I have been having the exact issues and it’s annoying as hell. My entire household uses Vue across multiple platforms and devices. So it’s not just an android or iOS thing. 

For whatever reason about once a week every device will get logged out and need to be signed back in. It’s super obnoxious when it asks you to first pass a captcha designed to force you to work for free for google street view, but it’s really rubbing salt in the wound that it fails like 90% of the time and seems to be that way by design to keep you identifying stuff. 

Then after captcha devices let you back in randomly, you have to find your phone for two factor authentication, mostly because hackers but also because Sony doesn’t exactly have the best track record for securing our stuff. 

After all this sometimes it will time out during the 2fa, and force you to start all over with the process. 

Now imagine doing this across ten devices+, some android tv based that often use terribly unintuitive input methods. It can be a huge pain, but what are you gonna do?
Everything about it is real except the way it looks. 
About 10 million.     https://www.reddit.com/r/theydidthemath/comments/5u85wd/comment/dds0xku
The heads were jerked off the bodies. 
Oh, snap!
I love the update but it sucks that I apparently can’t get the hands free voice control because my controller is not the new one.  Also google assistant can’t control my hue bulbs. The assistant says it’s turning lights on or off but never does. 

Besides that it’s really cool to control stuff.  Like saying play Friends on Netflix and it works. 
I’ve been attacked and shredded by a rooster. Some animals give zero fucks about size. 
No, thank you! 
An amazing human being and redditor for 5 years with no gold? 

Let's fix that.  
Holy shit lmao 
Well I guess if you're doing it right. But this one isn't for the amateurs. 
Holy hell it took me way too long to catch on. They mean coitus. 
Fuckin a. Well played. 
Sweet lord I hope this is tongue in cheek. Are people really stressing this much over how the next door might work?
It’s the best way to get them? People frown on me when I attack them until they are weak enough to throw my balls at them just for a *chance* to capture one.  

This honestly seems way more practical. 
I don’t think you should be feeding birds any kinds of sox. That can’t be good for them. 
Kinda looks like the Geico gecko of dogs. 
Source or context? Please?
I like everything except the widgets shade being single row instead of side by side. 

The old way was better use of screen. 

*And also accessing the home control stuff was easier pre-iOS 11.  But it’s fine.
What a wacky broken place!
I sit down to pee. Men’s health says it’s better for my circulation.  Also I’m lazy. 

Only issue is you can’t do it in the morning or with wood because then your dick touches the coldest of waters. 

And that’s no fun and then you’re doing clean up with wet wipes. 
Nope.  It’s just a broken window with a barely visible silhouette of the town behind it. 

Pretty interesting though how much it looks like a painting, possibly because each tiny bit of glass is acting like it’s own pixel for the light it’s letting through. But I’m not a scientist.  
Is it just me or is that Wikipedia page empty?
I need to know how much money they get. Is it shared or does the loser get only sadness and lasting mental impairment?
Wow. I'm worth so much money in bones! 

Take that dad, I *am* worth something! 
Wasn’t clearly a joke to this outside observer...
Of course they aren't skidding my friend. I never said they were. Why are you being so aggressive about this? 

How are you going to argue that a tire doesn't experience friction with the ground when internal components move it, because otherwise it would not move at all! 

And of course a plane has more than one force acting on it, didn't think we needed to go into all of that. 

If you didn't like my eli5 why not just explain it better? 
Surface area is part of the mathematical calculation for friction, which is why race cars use big fat flat tires for grip.

I get what you're saying about the ground pushing back but the tires still have some friction with the ground to overcome, just from their wider nature, and unless you're planning on going downhill or in a straight line the whole trip, turning alone even a little would add friction across the *width* of the tires.  
Obviously wheels work different from blocks. It was just meant to demonstrate multiple forces at work vs one. 
I’m not here to argue the names of the frictions my friend, only to demonstrate it simply as two frictions vs one to make it easier to understand. 

In truth it’s of course way more complex than that. 
No he means cars have to push or pull themselves across the ground, and planes just push through air. 

Think pushing a block across a hardwood floor vs throwing a paper plane. 

One is experiencing friction from the floor and the air, the other is only from the air. 
Love this response. Thanks for explaining it to my aging ass. Seems it was a combination of both, since some made things cheaper because, "the good stuff takes too long to get", but most just added convenience stuff. 

He tried to explain all this to me but was not doing a great job and we both just got frustrated.. Told the noob to just go play some Dark Souls. 
A bit off topic but I'm getting old and cranky so maybe someone can help me understand this mod thing. Back in my day the only way you could mod a game was with cheat codes. 

Now you kids can just install free money and stuff in your games? I was talking with my son the other day and he wanted to play this game Starbound on my pc, and said he needed to install his mods before he could play it. Told me he had 85 mods! 

Am I wrong here or is it a red flag of your game requires 85 mods to become playable? Tried to tell me they make the game easier by making things cheaper or faster, which sounds like cheat codes to me but he swears it's not cheating it's *modding*.
 
Fudge, getting old sucks. 
If you're deaf, how do you know what words sound like to read them in your head though? 
Which is why I'm actively fighting this auto-pilot when I'm responsible for my own life, my kids and the lives of those on the road I'm sharing. Clearly this man unfortunately failed to do that and his negligence plus the woman's' caused this tragedy. That's why I don't understand captain up there giving the motorcyclist a pass for not being observant when it was even stated that previous drivers managed to avoid her car.
I'm not buying that. The bright flashing indicators are to direct your attention appropriately, not serve as your end all for decisions.

Driving is an active skill, not a passive one.
You give them more of a pass for not looking directly ahead where they're going? Really?
There were no brake lights, she had parked her car in the middle of the left lane.

Devil's advocate has to wonder though how you still manage to miss an entire wall of car directly ahead of you.

It was clearly her fault for parking there, and the father's fault for hitting a stationary object simply because he, what, maybe didn't expect it to be there?

I have been driving for a long long time now and it's pretty fundamental to always be watching the road ahead of you, and even on the interstate going 80 mph if I'm looking ahead I'd notice how fast that car ahead of me is coming at me and start to adapt.

This was a tragedy all around with two sides at fault so it's understandable that the good person who just wanted to save lives, wasn't so harshly punished for negligence.
The guy above you was just guessing and it's not five hundred more. 
Same. Thanks for that mental image. Made me realize there were a few more "visitors" on that bench with me then I openly accepted. We are smiling at each other now and all is well. Thanks again.


Really? Is it absurd? Seriously I'm curious how people feel about the price because I've been alive a long time now and I remember electronics always being expensive. 

Have you ever seen the flyer from Sears back in the 80s? Sony camcorders alone would be 2700 bucks. Walkmans and cd players were crazy expensive; the first computers were thousands. 

When you consider that the phone isn't really just a phone, it's actually kind of amazing to me it's only 1000. 

Now I guess there is something to be said for lots of other smartphones doing the same things cheaper, but it's not just with phones that the saying you often get what you pay for applies. Apple spends a significant amount of money on smart engineering and developing, and usually they are behind the tech curve a year or two because of this. 

The result is often a more polished or well thought out device that works nearly flawlessly. I guess they can get away with charging this extra premium for their goods, since people keep buying their stuff. 

I've had the iPhone way back with the 4s and it was great but I hated the walled garden. I've had android for years now and though I love Google lately they have been all over the place with their fragmented ecosystem and android wear is a straight joke.

It's gotten to the point that phones are all pretty homogenous with features and I love tech enough that if I could afford the best of the best then 1k isn't so bad for a 2 year investment in a device I'll use daily. 
Because they all sucked.
Incoming TIL in 3.. 2.. 1.. 
But I hadn't seen him in so long! I just felt safe again. God dammit. 
Not only that but I believe he'd be the same person on the alt account calling himself out to give the illusion people were doing it to get him to show. 
I've never needed to, but in that scenario I'd just plug it in. My car has USB ports in the center console. 

Doesn't change anything though when I get home I just set my phone down and it starts charging at like 40% an hour. 
From the actual contract linked in the article: 

"Advise and support UC Davis' adoption of Google platforms to *expedite the eradication of references to the pepper spray incident in search results on Google for the university and the chancellor.*" 

Sounds like it's more meant to wipe it away quickly each time it shows up in Google searches associated with their school or chancellor. You decide how much that counts as erasing since most people don't Google past page one. 
The user above you is both right and wrong. I'm a tech geek and heavily invested in both android and iOS.

In general they have the absolute same performance. I can ask both ok Google or Siri contextual questions and they perform fine. And both have the same I'd wager 95% success rate for understanding me. I can do home control on Siri easier then on Google, but if I was willing to work at it I could do more potentially with Google combined with lots of other backends. 

I use an s7 edge as my daily driver but also have an older iPhone, and recently got the new iPad pro. So I'm enjoying diving deep into both ecosystems for a few years now. 
All great reasons for your personal usage my man. And you make a lot of valid points. I don't really know how to counter them besides it's just something you get really used to, is super effortless, convenient and awesome, and hard to go back to wires after you adjust.

I know it's very first world problems, but when I'm passing out at the end of the day, dropping my phone down on a base is leagues easier then the few seconds it takes to plug it in. I wouldn't want to go back, so maybe you're good where you are with what works for you instead of getting spoiled like my family is. 

*The fact it reduces wear and tear on the phone is also kind of a bonus.
It's not like that at all. You make it sound like this added benefit is an inconvenience. I didn't watch the keynote did they remove the wired charging port completely?

If not it's fine, I still charge my phone wired once in a blue moon when it's super low for some reason and it juices back up to 85% in like 30 minutes.


"I'll take things I never knew I needed, but will probably greatly benefit from at some point in the future for 500, Alex."
I've been using wireless charging for years now. It's anything but a hassle. Every night I just sit my phone on its base and it does its thing.

It's honestly about time Apple got on board with this and it's making me consider jumping from android as I've started to get annoyed of feeling like a beta tester for google only to fall in love with something innovative they come up with, just to have them discontinue it.
I've also gotten quite a case of food poisoning from one of these types of vendors when I was visiting NYC. So good safety is a big part of the reason they make people get licenses to not just sell, but *prepare* food. 
Jesus Reddit I'm as cynical and jaded as they come but believe it or not the money is added to evidence and used against him later as proof he was breaking the law. 

I mean sure he's still not going to get it back and it ultimately hurts him more, but they weren't just taking it to keep for themselves. Sheesh. 

*they being the law enforcement. The city always gets your money one way or the other anyways. So let's not go there. 
That we know of. 
Opera vpn is free for android if you want that extra layer while browsing. 
That one has terrible reviews from fakespot. Not saying it's terrible but I'll personally keep looking. 

[Fakespot] (http://fakespot.com/product/bonai-power-bank-stripe-20-000mah-portable-charger-external-backup-battery-pack-with-dual-ports-flashlight-for-iphone-6-7-ipad-samsung-s7-8-and-other-phone-tablet-nintendo-switch-black)    

*lots of link insanity
But the research was probably already used to improve the system they had previously. At least I would hope so. 

Seems like we are all arguing over semantics here. Maybe. Let me Google semantics. 
I'm not sure what the fucking point is anymore. 
Yeah basically. Can't watch tv in my own home because it doesn't know it. At least geolocate or coordinate with the phones gps like the mlb at bat app does. Jaysus. 
Jesus Christ not every comment made on Reddit has to be made to amuse you. Sometimes people just feel like *commenting*. You know? 
Why the fuck would you want an entire book of just faces? Is that like some Internet yearbook? 
Looks like alcohol to me. 
No fuck that. Articulate is not racist. Let's take it back! Just because some racist white guy once called MLKJR articulate in a then derogatory manner doesn't mean we gotta give it up. It's a completely harmless word! 

Like porch monkey. Right? You can't taste racism baby! 
I've come to the conclusion there is no such thing as who lived where first because humans have moved around way too much over time. All of human history seems like a geographical game of musical chairs with someone always getting pissy they lost their seat when they fled something years ago, and now they want it back. 

Honestly I wish we could just stop drawing lines on maps and share already to make each other stronger, but I'm a dirty stinking millennial hippie so fuck me, right? 
And I love how they basically tell me if I don't like it I should feed myself. Holy crap the entitlement. Maybe later I'll tip the jiffy lube guy for changing my oil. Or I'll tip plumber for fixing my leaking toilet. 

There's only a few jobs out there that actually earn tips, and carrying my food, refilling my water and taking my order down aren't one of them. You should just be paid normally for your work. Tips are an archaic and unfair system that puts way too much pressure and guilt on the consumer, and your boss just loves it that way. He's thrilled you're arguing on the Internet with me instead of asking for a raise or improving your situation somehow. 
I would be fine with that. Eating out is something we do only once in a while. My wife is an amazing cook and we prefer to know where our food came from. 

People should be paid fairly regardless of where they work and if they're not it's fucked up to get mad at the person paying for the food and not the person paying for your check. And it's even more fucked up to admit they'll punish people for not tipping consistently, when they have no way of knowing their financial situation. 

And saying that people should be able to afford it or just not go out to eat at all is ridiculous. How bout getting angry at your boss or the system instead of the customer? Oh yeah, it's easier. 
Then maybe later you can come to my work and tip me for doing my job? I shouldn't feel guilty because I "only gave 10%" more than I even should have to in the first place if they just gave servers a normal living wage. 

The whole idea of tipping only started when everyone was poor during the great depression, when owners literally couldn't afford to pay their employees. Now they are just fleecing all of us and the consumer has to pass the buck along for the owners cheapness. 

It's ridiculous and I hope stuff like this OP catch on more places. 
These Assassin Creed storylines are getting crazier and crazier. 
Yeah, it reeks of rotting bodies. That's why she keeps them there haven't you been following along bitch is a psycho. 
I am fighting a bit of a nasty germ, hoping it goes away soon. 😜 

Of course you're right though. For things like school or infrastructure that taxes pay for, tax payers should benefit the most. 

I was only talking in the context of emergencies such as this storm. After all, how would one even confirm citizenship? It's not always easy to keep hold onto your valuables during catastrophes. 

And it would also not always be pertinent to wait and procure proof of being here legally before giving aid to someone in dire need. 

So maybe we are on the same side of the fence here? Heh. 
I meant code miner was joking. Did you? The other guy has a lot of hate in his heart. 😔  
I think that dude was being a tad bit facetious. I hope. 
I can sense your fear from here. Let your hate flow through you. Yeeessssssss
Oh. Well pardon me then. If they don't belong on this *side* let them die then. 
The American dream revolves around escaping your king or suppressor and making a better life for yourself and your children. 

It revolves around a melting pot of many people and cultures coming together to make us all stronger. 

It revolves around unity and integration and acceptance of new instead of fear of loss. 

Telling me you are for all of those things but only if they do it the way you tell them how to do it would be fine if the system in place wasn't so easily corrupted, as evidenced by the recent pardon our president granted a criminal sheriff. 

So sure maybe not everyone is here the so called "right" way, but dismissing their humanity or life value because they don't have a special piece of paper is ludicrous and perhaps even evil. 
I must have missed that one in all the other crap you were spewing. Does it hypothetically explain how you justify people dying in a catastrophe because at some point our drawn lines on the ground became more valid than the native ones that were here before us? 
Against anyone who holds different ideas of the American dream than you do. Apparently. 
Exactly the same as anyone would feel if it happened to them. Let's not move the goal posts of your bigotry. 
That's fine it won't do shit for you anyways my brother. You clearly have little regard for your fellow man. Unless of course they are murican. 
> I'm not evil, I just believe we should prioritize our own people 

This is the evil part right here. Prioritize people? How do you even do that? Why do you get to decide that this person gets help before this other person, not based on the need for help but the so called legal status of the person? 

Do you think it's some form of patriotism to let one human being suffer just because they don't have some magic paper making them one of you now? 

"Prioritizing" people sounds a bit like some other evil figures from history to me. 
I'm going to pray for you tonight. And I'm an atheist so that's saying a lot. 
Sweet lord your comments can't be real. Are you trolling? 
What a ridiculously long hurricane. 
They only do this when protecting their babies. A fledgeling probably was hiding nearby and mommy got defensive. I've actually been attacked by mockingbirds for picking their babies up. I was a kid and my dogs would eat them if they got them so I'd put them in my neighbors yard, but obviously mommy and daddy bird don't understand. 

Being pecked and dive bombed by an angry bird duo isn't pleasant. 
Same reaction with crows around here. Though it could be a jackdaw. 
She even mentions a pimp spitting in her mouth and casually comments how she's gotten into trouble for sleeping with her clients at the massage parlor in the past. She was a freaky girl. 
I think he's saying the cat is a witch. 
Going to have to dispute this rite(?) hurr. I'm uncircumcised and every chick that had seen it has thought it was weird.

Though I guess I could just have a funny looking dick. 
Shit. 
Continue to spread the light, fellow guardian! We could use it now in these dark times ahead more than ever! See you in the field! 
When it should clearly be about spelling! 
Good lord giving me ptsd flashbacks of that place. Please don't aggro please don't aggro. 🤣 
Don't forget tv resolution was shit anyways. 
Great now Tommy is mad at me again. 
It's the beach bro, it's wind surfing. Think kites. 
The sun's corona starts to become visible. It's always there but normally the sun's brightness washes it out and makes it invisible to the naked eye. 
He killed them first. Makes taking a penis flap more manageable. From king James version: 
  


"Wherefore David arose and went, he and his men, and slew of the Philistines two hundred men; and David brought their foreskins, and they gave them in full tale to the king, that he might be the king's son in law. And Saul gave him Michal his daughter to wife."
No it's still fucking absurd because even Germany wasn't always Germany and you're missing his point entirely. Throughout human history we have moved around and scrumped all over the place. So even five hundred years of German history recorded through some dna only will tell you about the tested Germans from today. There really is no such thing as a pure human because that's an oxymoron for how evolution and dna work. 
Well that would explain it. 
I'm going to be honest with you here. Mine is gone too and it's been missing so long now I'm starting to think it's a removed feature they expect you to forget about. Like seriously it's been months. 
You’re being downvoted but you’re so fucking right. It basically boils down to ignorant people hating on freckle concentration. Sigh. 
This is an edited version in the full version the guys at the table actually keep talking shit to the guy who got slapped with the pizza and eventually he has had enough.
Pimp hand is strong on this one. Damn son. 
Don't forget net neutrality! They would really love if we all forgot about that!
You had food. That's not poor. After Hugo hit and my dad lost his job my parents fell apart and got divorced. Poor is sitting in a Piggly Wiggly staring at the bread and candy fighting with your conscience and your hunger. Poor is heading to a Wendy's and salivating as you watch other people eat and laugh with their families while your belly screams at you and your little brother of six next to you asks you where mommy or daddy are and you are only two years older and can't answer that question because you honestly don't know and you haven't seen them in at least two days.  Poor is ultimately taking food from the trash someone didn't finish because God damnit you aren't no thief. Poor is wandering around picking blackberries in the summer by the train tracks, and plums at that nice lady's house down by River. Poor is getting jumped walking down the street of the wrong "hood" because you look like you "don't belong here!" and somehow ending up even poorer only to get your ass beat the next time you see a parent days later and tell them you need new shoes and they care more about paying for them then how you lost them. Poor is finding out you don't have friends come over because "your place kinda sucks. .. No offense". I could go on and on. And the worst part? I knew poorer. 
That’s a fair point, I guess I never really considered that. Thank you for your input. I will look into this more myself later.
But we inhale water vapor into our lungs every day, it’s called humidity. I’m not sure how that could possibly be bad for us. I have asthma and I’ve actually had worse effects from prolonged use of albuterol than I have for marijuana so let that sink in. Please know that I’m not advocating for asthmatics to give up their albuterol asthma medicine to start smoking weed willy-nilly.
It's actually a tobacco hornworm not a tomato. Though they are closely related so it's easy to make that mistake. From Wikipedia: 

Tomato hornworms have eight V-shaped white markings with no borders; tobacco hornworms have seven white diagonal lines with a black border. Additionally, tobacco hornworms have red horns, while tomato hornworms have dark blue or black horns.
Guess we were discussing different things then. Obviously *active* processes will affect the systems overall performance. If you're trying to run YouTube red while chromecasting and listening to Spotify while simultaneously using VR then fine. 

I thought that was common sense so excuse me for not being specific; I was commenting on the matter of closing background apps. The android system framework is built around multitasking and system management, and add to that system management the oculus app and service are doing, make constantly needing to run the built in system settings maintenance as some sort of pre-VR routine absolutely unnecessary most of the time. 

I personally have tried both with my gear vr on an s7 edge since this post was created and it made absolutely zero difference in VR performance.    
And I’m not sure what you mean at all, it’s a computer first and a phone second you can’t separate the two just because you think it would make for a better logical argument.
System resources exist to be used. Manually using less of them won't suddenly make your device snappier. You're always going to be limited by the devices components, and if you're experiencing stuttering it's more likely thermal or a temporary app update in the background. 
“The problem with trying is it might not work so why try?”
I always like to remain skeptical and could very well be wrong, but I'm going to have to believe the VP of Engineering for Android on this one. 
Some form of indisputable proof would be nice. Only if we are trying to prove something to be true though. 
It is not, closing apps on android actually costs more battery. The system knows how to intelligently manage apps in the background, the only time you should close an app is if it's acting up.


*downvote edit. Um, okay. Maybe listen to some sources then?
[](https://www.wired.com/2016/03/closing-apps-save-battery-makes-things-worse)https://www.wired.com/2016/03/closing-apps-save-battery-makes-things-worse[](https://www.wired.com/2016/03/closing-apps-save-battery-makes-things-worse)


> In the last week or so, both Apple and Google have confirmed that closing your apps does absolutely nothing to improve your battery life. In fact, says Hiroshi Lockheimer, the VP of Engineering for Android, it might make things worse.
Hmmm, I've never fucked a guy, so I'll just have to take your word on it. 
The International Space Station is going about 17,000 mph. That's almost 5 miles a second. 
It can't start a race war. That is a medical and scientific impossibility. Now if you wanted to call it a "color war", or a "my tan is better than your tan" war. Those we could have. 

Anyways, if the way people of all colors were treated in the fifties and sixties didn't do it, this Nazi bullshit won't either. They are only going to heighten public perception on injustice and destroy themselves with the public outcry. 
How much wood would a woodchuck suck if a woodchuck could suck wood?
🤔 
Inside them? 
No one lives there. You're just a tourist that got lost or confused and can't find a way out. 
Back in my day it was 803. You youngins with your bigger numbers. Being different from my own numbers and scaring me. Get off my lawn! 
Then yes. 
Guess we'll have to agree to disagree then. That's not forgiveness I would want to be any part of. 
Yeah but it was too soon. All of Reddit is mad and or tired of coconuts right now. Give it time then make a dicks out for coconuts reference. Reddit likes references within references. 
We're both stubbornly in love with each other, so this seems accurate. 
She's poisoning me slowly with cholesterol rich food. Got it. 
I absolutely agree with you. The fact he underwent all that trouble to atone for a sin one could argue he didn't even really have to bare, only to be beaten instead of forgiven, by the very people supposed to be teaching or demonstrating forgiveness,  is the most striking part of the history to me. No pun intended.  
Great deal thanks for this heads up. Used some leftover best buy points and got the controller for five bucks. Feeling pretty good about that. 
Do you judge yourself based on your appearances? 
Right? Plot twist: she wanted to kill me she's just doing it very slowly. No wait that's marriage. 
They whipped the king? Good ole religious forgiveness. 
Once, I met an online friend of 4 years. Meeting still going; one marriage, two kids and 16 years later will update this post when it's finished. 
Wow reddit is really tired of coconuts. 
He was scourged? What does this mean? 
Wow thank you for at least applying some context to that train wreck of entertainment. 
FTFY 
https://youtu.be/zKH0XUjOq0o
Wtf did I just watch. Was that like a music video? 
I looked it up, and you're right! From wikipedia: 

"Tomato hornworms have eight V-shaped white markings with no borders; **tobacco hornworms have seven white diagonal lines with a black border.** Additionally, tobacco hornworms have red horns, while tomato hornworms have dark blue or black horns.[2] A mnemonic to remember the markings is tobacco hornworms have straight white lines like cigarettes, while tomato hornworms have V-shaped markings (as in "vine-ripened" tomatoes). "
Haha no worries. I don't YouTube either. I saw it on Reddit like two years ago I think. Always stuck with me how she murdered that innocent tortoise. Humor is my coping mechanism. 
Thanks man. Nice tortoise by the way. Can you really tell the sex by their claws? 
I was actually making a reference to the  "turtle saving is a hobby!" video and thought my increasingly ridiculous comments would make it obvious I was foolin'.  My downvotes apparently disagree. Sorry Reddit. 😕
Turtles of all sexes are growing nails of varying lengths nowadays, not really fair to assume based off this one potentially photoshopped picture. 
I'm not sure how you can tell the sex of the turtle just from this one picture but you shouldn't assume gender it's current year. 
Naw, put him in water and the little guy is in heaven. 
It's okay, turtle saving is a hobby enjoyed by people the world over. No doubt this little guy was carefully tossed in the nearest water. 🐢 💧
Just cause you put syrup on something don't make it pancakes.   
Really? May I ask what is taking up all that space? I got the 64gb and it's not even close to full. Do you do a lot of high end editing or something like that? 
And just for those of us not standing next to you, which one is that? 
There's more money to be made in dick pills. 
I get that, just don't think a simple tag like *humor* would have hurt for those of us out of the loop. I don't mean to be stupid, sorry if I came off as bottom of the barrel there so to speak just because I missed the meta of hearthstone for the day. 
I personally wish the post was tagged as a joke or something, though. I just dropped in after work and thought this was a legit card and couldn't figure out wtf it meant. 
That's because you have to actually manage to disconnect the battery. 
What apps does it happen in? *honestly lag and stuttering is kind of normal for the nexus 9 at this point. It's no spring chicken. 
So basically those helmets are like weapons? 
RAM is meant to be used, don't stress it. 
I think b.net may have gone down. At the very least they are experiencing issues. That could have something to do with it, but need others to confirm.

I can't log in to pc or ipad or android. 
They actually just woke up to eat right now. 
We think it's a boy, but we're not allowed to assume gender anymore so we're telling everyone it's a Sith Lord. 
>No. The comment I was summarizing said that it's convenient on the internet to pretend it's not your idea but someone else's.  

That's....an interesting idea. Did you get it from someone else? 😂
And now I know why some places no longer have salt shakers on their tables.
So then when you were asking us to identify what's wrong with this statement, was the I'm talking to my dog part, the part that was really wrong with it and you were hoping we would figure it out?
Good Lord did you just *assume* your gender?! 
This becomes true when you find one that likes you.
Sounds like a writing prompt for an episode of Friends. 
Still nope, learned to live without it. 😭 
Thanks dad! 
I guess I got the only Schnauzer that loves bath time then, my little girl loves bath time so much that if my kid is taking a bath she tries to hop in the tub with her. If we are giving one of the other dogs a bath she tries to hop in the tub with them. She also likes to get into the tub and check the drain I think she believes there might be rodents or rabbits in there. 
I grew up without a father so could somebody just reply to me in a fatherly manner too? 
Wow Lady Gaga will do anything for attention. 
Her middle name is, it was a compromise with the wife and the only way I could get it in there.😂
See this just goes to show that the guy you're responding to is right, because all this time I thought Shinra was the evil Corporation who is draining life force from the planet and we were part of a soldiers fighting in defending Shinra but eventually were convinced to join the rebel group and fight against them so we could save the planet, but then someone or something or maybe even the lifestream force itself called for help from meteor or comet to wipe us out. 

At some point jenova shows up and then there's a whole bunch of other characters something about going underwater to fight a weapon before I drown and I really got to go back to the golden saucer my chocobo needs me. I don't know there was a lot to do for 11-12 year old me I got distracted. Named my daughter Aeris for Christ sake I don't understand how I don't know this better?! (it will always be Aeris for me). 

I gotta replay that game.  
His other hand is coming up to grab the ball out of his glove so he can throw it back to the pitcher and make another pitch.
The ball always has to be caught for it to count, it's really not a strange rule at all.
I think it's the reflection of OP. And that OP is a dog. 
Should've just turned the oar around. 
And yet for me Vue was fine but Netflix was being laggy. Network conditions can vary by time of day and location. Not really fair to blame Vue for that. 
A whale shark is a shark. Also I've scrolled through these comments and read shark so many times it's now lost all meaning and looks like a fake word. Shark shark shark. 
Did you miss the beginning with Pitbull? ESPN talking sports for a while will be a welcome change. Though I won't be watching it. 
$650 dollars?! Sweet sassy molassy. I'll just go back to pulling the Wii U out and putting the Switch in. Jaysus. 
No amount of editing will live up to seeing it with your own biological filter. Add camping away from light pollution to your bucket list. ⛺
Our eyes actually can take long exposures like this, but it takes hours of complete darkness to properly set up. 😂😂 
To all the people getting disappointed or feeling betrayed a bit, it actually does look a lot like this pic, but just a lot less vibrant. He only used six second exposures so it's not anything crazy exposed. 

I saw basically this when I was a kid camping deep in the Francis Marion national forest. The milky way is definitely way less vibrant and pronounced, but the stars are all there and you literally can't find a dark patch in the sky. And I should add this was during a full moon and it was bright enough to play paintball in the forest at 1 AM, so I can only imagine what it would have looked like if we camped during a new moon. 

If you have the opportunity to go somewhere away from light pollution you owe it to yourself to go see this in person. It's a very humbling experience, and well worth it. 
I got the 55' c6 for black friday last year after waiting for the teething issues from the previous years model to be sorted out. I have always been a bit of a tech lover and have had quite a few different types of tvs over the years, from CRT, LCoS, LCD, and of course plasma, but this latest batch of LG's OLEDs is a new standard for picture. 

The only downsides to this gorgeous technology I've found so far is it's way too bright to use at night to fall asleep to like I used to with my old panasonic plasma, and after watching things in 4k dolby vision,etc, it's hard to watch normal cable streaming at even 1080p. 

It's like when you went from normal tv to HD again, with the pixels looking so crappy in normal HD resolution. Thankfully UHD content seems to be coming out quickly, but probably will be years before my cable provider PS Vue will even upgrade from their 720p streams, which looks blotchy.
And yet its also entirely possible for the attacker to later go on the record and claim that racial slurs were used and we would have no way of knowing whether it happened or not. But what we do know is two people were attacked on camera one a child sucker punched by a grown ass man. So making assumptions either way about the motivations will only ever be guessing, but cold cocking a kid in the face for telling you to stop beating her mother up is clear and present. Also I'm not sure how these actions would ever be jusitifed over words. 

I've been called a cracker and a honky and white devil a few times throughout my life, I didn't use it as an excuse to get violent, and most people don't either regardless of their skin color. These are just bad people, can't we leave it at that instead of trying to speculate racism into it or justify the response? 
Yes. 
That...... Was a mistake. 
Alright. That's totally worth all the downvotes for. Thanks reddit. 
I'm....not sure if you're joking or not. I apologise. I guess I misunderstood.  
Feisty*.   

Hate to be *that* guy, but, "fisty middleman", sounds like something else entirely.  
Dogs can go a really long time without eating and be fine. My guess is that your putting egg in the food to encourage her to eat is what's triggering the not eating. 
A couple days of being picky is nothing to a stubborn schnauzer that is smart enough to know if she holds out a bit you'll get concerned and give her something better. 

There's nothing really wrong with trying some of the suggestions here to get her to try to eat, but if she's been eating it fine like you said then it's more likely she's just caught on to holding out for the good stuff. Schnauzers can have notoriously sensitive stomachs so be careful when suddenly introducing something new to her tummy. My bet would be that if you were consistent and firm in just offering the food on a schedule and then picking it up when she didn't eat it she would eventually learn that she had a limited time to eat her food and that that was when she should be doing it.

Basically you put the bowl of food down let her do her thing with it and give her about 5 or 10 minutes and if she doesn't eat it you pick the bowl up and put it away. She'll catch on that bowl down means opportunity to eat, and do it when she's hungry instead of being picky about *what* she eats. 
The most precious gopher ever. 😂 
Have you forgotten the "vogue" phase?  That stupid pulp fiction dance? 
Well please stop. 
We just didn't have cameras for those times.  
Tag says Goodwin though. Sprockets last name? Perfect pup btw. 
The perspective of this pic kind of makes it look like Zoe is popping out of a hole like a gopher.
It's ground up into chitin for their ships. 
I believe it has decreased as an average because the older unhealthier people keep pulling us healthier younger people down. Those bastards.
We already have quite a variety of that right now. They just vary in dosage necessary.   
   
*because I look weird as a comment Island in a sea of [removed], the comments around this one mostly centered around "euthanasia pills".   
I never knew the pencil eraser was made by mistake. TIL. 
Plot twist the walrus (?) has tricked the silly humans into feeding him every time he does stupid things. He's trained them well to reward him for almost nothing compared to surviving in the wild while simultaneously guaranteeing he won't be eaten himself. Stupid humans.  
The tipping point for me is upwards and towards my mouth. Ayyyyyyy.
Because I've been to Florida.  That was enough. 
Haha this article doesn't apply if your wife is like Monica from Friends and prefers to control everything. In those cases it will just get you scolded and schooled in the "right" way.
Naw if it was a dream I would have been naked, late to class, and standing in front of my locker unable to remember the combination for some reason.
I'm sorry you feel that way, we clearly aren't going to convince each other to change our minds so let's just agree to disagree on this matter. Both sides will never agree with each other because they have opposite perspectives on guns. I can see and understand how Americans have a heritage of guns, I grew up in a very rural area where hunting deer was necessary if you wanted to eat. 

I've personally shot an animal and placed my hand on it and looked it in the eye to thank it as it took its last breaths. I know too well what guns are for. 

And sometimes that design is directed towards something other than a deer, and sometimes it could have been prevented. Those times are the times that matter to people like me. Because *any* loss of human life is a tragedy. So arguing that someone could use a car to kill is just an attempt to move the goal post of the discussion. Since the point isn't about people using tools to kill, it's about people using weapons to kill. 
Cars are necessary tools of current life. Guns are weapons. A weapon is a tool designed to kill. If you can't understand how less weapons makes people safer just because you want to argue humanities propensity for turning tools into weapons should cancel out any weapon deaths that make violence much, much easier to perpetuate, then we are going to have to agree to disagree my friend and brother. 
>What's the common trend between the majority of deaths besides disease. The human. The human falls asleep behind the wheel crosses the center lane and gets in a head on collision with the opposite lane. The human eats McDonald's there entire life and dies from a heart attack. The human decides he wants to kill people, so he gets a gun and does it.

Yeah you said it yourself. It's pretty simple math really. Human+Gun=Devastation. Since we can't remove the human from the human it's only common sense to me to remove the thing we can control, the gun.  I get that a lot of Americans view guns completely differently, and see them as patriotic or part of their heritage. Maybe they have fond memories of going out with their dad and hunting or shooting. Perhaps they've had respect and love for guns fostered over many years or even generations. 

That doesn't change the other side of guns. The one that kills. That's the side that I care about so deeply, because I believe that *all* life is precious. So *any* loss of life is tragic, and if there was a way to prevent it, such as removing the weapons from peoples' hands, I would happily do it to protect my brothers and sisters from themselves.

>people like you jump yo conclusions and are quick to blame guns, when you clearly don't see there is a problem that people think it's rational to kill someone or them selves. 

I'm not sure how you ironically jumped to that conclusion yourself. I see there is a problem with mental health and of course that people thinking it's rational to kill someone or others is itself an issue. It just brings us back full circle to if these people existed without such easy access to weapons of mass devastation then they'd be less capable. So control the thing you can, the gun.
Yeah I've heard this one before too. Supposedly your love of guns is going to stop the government run bombs from being dropped on you. Or protect you from an actual military assault complete with training and tanks. Don't delude yourself into believing that what was written into place at a time of much territorial dispute between governments, is going to help you against this one established government that came out on top. 

The guns at the time were pretty even in power so it made sense to believe citizens could withstand tyranny. Believing it now is just ridiculous and an easy go to excuse for keeping your weapons. 
I'm not sure what you mean. Even safe gun owners get angry and use guns. 
Actually I want weapons taken away because the country would be safer without them as proven by lots of developed and modern countries that have already done so but thank you. The fact that you'd rather keep weapons because you like to shoot things for sport speaks volumes about you when people are dying every day, and you'd rather argue about the amount or type of people that are being killed.
Paid less plus Googling something counts as investigative leg-work nowadays. Damn you're right I can't imagine why the quality is so shit now. 
"I need weapons because there are weapons". Sigh. 
As someone who grew up in extreme poverty without a father around for any direction I would agree with this statement. It's very easy to pass judgement when you don't know what it's like to stick around a Wendy's waiting for someone to throw food away so you can get your first meal in three days and as you get older you realize there are easier, maybe not better, but easier ways to get a meal.  
And it does. Thanks for pointing out that other things kill people too while ignoring the point. 
Actually in that moment I'm fearing both, but mostly the gun and its bullets.  I may be able to defend myself against a person. 
No it's because those issues aren't as easy to fix. Traffic accidents are due to human error which you can't remove from humanity. And obesity is the responsibility of the individual. You could try to pay more attention on the road or make healthier eating choices, but you can't predict an angry person with a gun. 
I didn't realize reddit was so pro gun. It's painful to watch people make fun of what I perceive to be a very rational fear of something capable of taking you out with a simple pull of the finger. And when your defense of something that kills people is "well see it doesn't kill as *many* people as you thought! Or its mainly only killing these types of people.". You really expose yourself for what you are. 

America's gun fetish is disgusting. Down vote all you want. 
And yet over five hundred people agree with him that color was necessary in that statement. Jesus Christ humanity no wonder we can never move forward. Just love grouping and dividing things don't we? Just conveniently forget all the times Chyna was called manly, or Holly Holms. Gotta reinforce that racist narrative though! 
My brother had a little white pomeranian he named Wigger, because he claimed it wanted to be black. This was back during the whole Eminem and white thugs phenomenon. Anyways, the funniest part was this dog would bolt out the trailer door of my dad's place whenever someone opened it. 

So my dad, not wanting the dog to get hit by a car, would take off in any form of clothing and shamelessly shout, "Wigger! Wigger come back! C'mon Wigger why are ya doing this to me?!" Was a hilarious sight to see a disheveled white guy often in tighty whities chasing a small white dog that's having the time of its life through a trailer park shouting obscenities. Very Malcolm in the middle ish. 
Isn't "breeds" essentially what humans have been doing to the wolf for upwards of thirty thousand years? Early man had even less empathy for the animal back then, killing off any aggression quickly to protect their own. 

I'd say the artificial evolution of the dog is carrying on same as it always has since wolves gave up their connection to the wild for a free meal and a friend, but at least we even *have* shelters now. So maybe put the gasoline away. 
Damn son. 
I got a dad joke for you, son! Wait here while I run out to the store and get it. 
>To me, "masculine" has become a dog whistle to describe talented female black athletes who are good at what they do.  

Literally no reason to throw black in there. They mean muscular, and it's often used for women of any color that some dbag perceives as strong looking or "manly".  
Jesus Christ that's creepy. 
You are just straight up wrong. Please do humans a favor and Google the human race or even what melanin is or does. It affects skin, hair, and eye color in the one human race, so comparing skin colors affected by melanin is exactly the same as comparing hair or eye color. 
Stealing, perhaps, malice? Naw. Let the clever fuckers have their moment before the authorities decide to look in their direction. Shit in my day kids were allowed to be kids. No harm no foul. Fudge I'm getting old and cranky. 
>It's a damn shame special interest groups cooped such an important event. Police get away with murdering far too many innocents of EVERY race. . 

There is only one human race. I wish more people would get that. What is happening with my brothers and sisters is akin to hating on someone with blue eyes, or red hair. We are all one and people need to recognize that and stop adding division with social concepts adapted to melanin concentration. 
That his first name is a last name and his last name is a first name.
That's not racist. Now if I said, "Holy shit black people *can* blush after all.",  that might be racist. Or if I said, "his fear of water canceled his natural ability to jump.", that would totally be racist.  But we didn't say any of those things,  so we're good. 
Jokes on you. I'm so fast I shared it on Facebook before it was even created by me to take credit for me stealing it. From myself. And I don't even have Facebook! 
I've had the same dresser for almost 15 years now and I still open my sock drawer before my underwear drawer when I mean to do the opposite. Every. Damn. Time. Starting to think I'm a retard.

>also... when do I get to the point that I can wire up the extra ones? During set up it's telling me to *unplug* them. Of course I can't get past the next step of it sucessfully connecting but w/e
>

If you're trying to set them up close by before you can place them permanently, and you have them wired during the setup it will ask you to unplug them because it wants to check Wifi signal to the device. I believe you can get past this step by simply unplugging it, waiting a second for it to recognize the removal, then plugging it right back in so it can finish set up plugged in. 

If you're not plugging it in anymore but trying to set it up nearby and it's failing still then it's either way way too close (degradation cam occur at extreme near ranges) or maybe even hardware failure. Hope you get it sorted out, barring one infamous Google outage a little while back my Google routers have been the best I've ever used in years. 
I don't have gwifi but I do have the onhub version and it's basically the same thing. I have the same setup in my home with wired Ethernet and I'm guessing a smart panel in your closet? Anyways what I did was set up my extra onhubs nearby with a good wireless signal in another room and then I just moved them where I needed them at the Ethernet end points of each room. They survived the unplug and move fine with settings intact and then auto swapped over to wired back haul. 
Right in the sack. 
I hear those fire trucks can be very territorial and aggressive. 
 🔥🚒
2/4? You mean half?  

*ooh two out of four strips. I'm a moron. Let's move on.   
They are probably still trying to figure it out. 😂
Yeah I found that funny too. They are basically saying "if you try to leave now we will make you leave now!". So weird. 
Or maybe even because figuring out the details around using a personal server for email was easy to investigate versus finding collusion between another country messing with our voting. Jesus McCain. WTF? 
But why mayo models? 
WTF dude I read your name after starting it thinking it sounded like a shittymorph post but it was free compliments guy and you still got me.  I don't know what to believe anymore, everything is upside down. This must be how Australia feels.  

>Extricating yourself from your race on purpose is selling out. 

I wish people would stop perpetuating this race bullshit. Did he remove himself from humanity somehow? When you realize there is only one race you sound retarded every time you say something like "he should hang out with black people but he chose white people". That's literally exactly like saying he should choose blonde people to hang out with, or only date people with green eyes. 

Skin color is just freckle concentration and all of humanity is one big mutt clusterfuck, stop focusing so hard on the obvious like color. Fuck. 


So you're telling me you *can* find love on the battlefield? 
Holy crap thank you for this. I had just taken my wife to a doctor's appointment and we were checking in at the desk when this really old guy walked in and just stood next to us in zombie mode. He looked out of it and then wandered right back out, only to return moments later and look around confused. 

Finally the lady at the desk asks him if he's alright and he laughs and asks, "Sorry, did I come in here before? I feel like I have an appointment here...", and she responds "no sir, not today, you just left here and made an appointment for next week." He looked so relieved and just walked out, meanwhile I'm thinking, Jesus I hope he's not driving. I couldn't figure out what his deal was but now you've given me small hope he was just doped up on ambien and not the case zero for a zombie apocalypse virus that was affecting his faculties. 
Well that's a downer. Shit. 
I  set a dumpster on fire once as a kid. That place is nothing like that. 
Huge chance! [Here ya go.] (https://www.ifixit.com/Guide/Nexus+9+Battery+Replacement/36560) 

I also watched a tear down video on YouTube to see the battery clip removal part for I believe step 4. Apparently that little metal clip lifts up when you pinch the sides in, then you can pull the cable itself out. 
But did your headache go away? 
Or you could hit the button to hold the door instead. 
She stuck her leg into the closing door to stop the elevator, but it was apparently previously cited for safety issues and it just closed instead and kept going about its business, only to get stuck because of her being in the shaft and causing psychological damage to the two riders who had made it on and were forced to hear her screaming and wailing. . Just wow.   
Sometimes you get Stranger Things, sometimes you get Bill Nye. 
I guess. The constant heating and cooling can get to the thin wires. It also can be exacerbated by dropping or jarring the device, but people get super defensive when you tell them that. 😂
That's just the business. Shows aren't going to last forever. 
I said it up top as well but you should look into snapping the back off and unplugging the battery then plugging it back in. The freezes have something to do with a loose physical connection to the battery and as the device gets used and heats up thermal expansion makes it worse and you get voltage fluctuations which lead to device instability. 
The freezing and locking up issue can be fixed by re-seating the battery. I did it to my own a couple months back and it hasn't frozen since. I believe I followed the ifixit guide online and it actually wasn't too bad once I got over the fear I was going to crack the back trying to remove it. I didn't have the wedge tool and opted for letting my thumbnail go a week without trimming lol. 


 
 You should look into it if you're willing to chance it. 
I admire their brave choice. And you're a bit of a douche. 😐 
I think it's because all that sweet Netflix money is getting pushed more into original content, and less on acquiring/keeping show rights and licenses. 
/r/JesusChristReddit
I literally glanced at the name to make sure I hadn't somehow drifted into that subreddit simulator place. Happened to me under the influence before, really odd experience. 
Ah. I'm overthinking it then. Again. 😌. Apologies. And yeah I completely agree that's what I was getting at with low hanging fruit.. I think the confusion came when you said you're okay with fat as an insult but not loose. When they are both easy insults and pretty stupid. 
Sorry it hurt your little snowflake feelings but you're way overthinking things here. It doesn't matter if she actually is promiscuous or not, he just wanted an easy insult and slut whore bitch is the low hanging fruit of insults against women. She pissed him off so he just went off. Also you're assuming a lot about her sexual activity while ignoring she may or may not be actually fat. So saying the insults are okay to you if true is kind of silly don't you think? The point of an insult is just to bring mental harm. 
It's mildly depressing that the best part of Chilis is those old commercials. Their food tastes like someone microwaved a piece of frozen rubber and then tried to hide it with sauce or seasoning. 
It's not that some people refuse. It's that they can't ignore it because the size of the magnifying glass the media uses to drive clicks and revenue. I have to constantly remind my wife of this but it's hard for her to look away from the very amplified media representation of the world. 
Yeah but I'm not a member and they have Sentinels guarding the door. 
Doubt it, I have fiber. 
It seems like pedophiles realized long ago that religions were an easy way to get close to children and have a valid excuse. Obviously this isn't just a Christians thing. I feel like we should physically castrate them all. Disgusting. 
And I'm happy for you. But what you're saying is beyond feasible for most and beyond reasonable for everyone else. Yet you keep saying it from a pedestal like we're all morons for just picking up mushrooms with the rest of our goods each week at the store. Which is ironic considering the article that brought us all here. Even people out doing it constantly can make mistakes. Why chance it with my kids? 

And for the record I've never gotten bubbleguts from our own homemade meals. It's about preparation and proper cooking temp. Taco hell on the other hand, sometimes you just need shitty tacos. 
You're right dude next time I'm making shrooms I'm going to skip the grocery and head out to the wild mushroom forests spread out all around me and do my best to not kill my whole family over about 89 cents worth of mushrooms. 
On the couch?! You guys live harder than I do lol. Watermelons are so juicy too. Cute dag tho. 
No you don't get it he's saying holy shit because that other guy has been erect for four hours now. 
Dang dude, you started out sounding so wise at the start of this thread, and now you just look childish. I'm going to use this as a teaching moment for myself to try to stay humble. Thanks for that. 
How about this then. Dogs don't belong on tables because they can jump off in an excited state and hurt themselves. Even if you're right nearby you can never fully predict the actions of an animal and it's possible they could hurt themselves at even relatively small heights. 

>> as soon as a woman is wed, most of her decisions are made by her husband.
>
>Wow sounds great! /s 

Tell that to my wife when she doesn't know what she wants for dinner and I have to figure it out for her. She loves that shit. 

 *god damn y'all got no sense of humor today. Ah well I thought it was hilarious fuck all the haters. 
Bill Nye says we should try it until we like it! 
That looks wooly comfortable.  
But at the same time converting would definitely be something nickname worthy? 
Please don't downvote me for potential ignorance, but couldn't he be Jewish? Isn't it a religion more than a people? I'm pretty sure I could go be Jewish if I was serious about it and devout enough. 
That's not true tho there's actually a paper mill near where I live and milling paper smells like frozen broccoli. 
Mine wouldn't let me and my brothers have the original Pokemon because my parents were religious zealots and it "features evolution!".    

Thankfully they eventually caved on that one after much convincing on my part that it wasn't evil. Still wouldn't get me Mortal Kombat though. Had to play that one at my friend's houses. 
They sure can, but that's why you restart it if you can either before the encounter, like if you're being pulled over, and as a security feature the phone will not accept your fingerprint. So even if they try to touch your finger to its sensor, it will ask for the password instead. This is how android works anyways. 
I'm glad it's working for you. AW 2.0 straight up broke my LG G watch R. It's beyond slow and unresponsive now. I have started to wear it less and less often every day. 
I sense the scents of cents since you started working at that mint colored mint. 
Wait wut
I'm not sure since I use Android, but if you have an oppurtunity to restart your device then it requires the password not the fingerprint on Android. The fingerprint won't work to unlock the phone post restart. 
I'm pretty sure all of those devices require your password or pin code following a restart as a security measure. So if you have the oppurtunity you can quickly do that. Obviously this varies based on the encounter, but restarting most phones can be easily done by even holding the power button down long enough. Though cops get rightfully antsy if you keep your hands in your pockets too long. 
Will check it out as I'm still missing these features. Thanks!  

*unfortunately all it does for my s7 edge is allow me to change the media volume more easily. The "equalizer" it mentions in the app just links to my phone's built in equalizer. Probably going to keep it for the media volume part though.   

Still waiting for good lock I guess. 
Just forget your password. The stress from the arrest was too much for you and you tend to get a little airheaded when you're scared and or stressed. Here let me try to unlock for you real quick officer. Fudge, no, that wasn't it. Guess that was an old one. Here's a list I guess of my "old" passwords to try. 
Not necessarily. 
Which brings us back to the fact that that statement is false because there are currently countries that are making it work.
Nice save, brother. They suspect nothing. 😒
Dude, you can't just out time travellers like that. You're going to mess up so much. 
Hail Cor....gi!
I can't give you what you want vertically but there are some videos out there of race cars just obliterating various animals at high speed. It's thankfully not HD slow motion but it really puts into perspective we are blood filled meat sacks. Try the Porsche hits a deer video. The windshield wipers get me every time.  
I got mine weeks ago by leaving [this](http://www.nowinstock.net/videogaming/consoles/nintendoswitch/) website open and waiting for the tone. 
 
Life does that to me. 
It was a turkey. Everyone knows that. 
everything everything everything everything everything
Jessica Jones is worth it. Stick it out. 
And that it looks terrible. 
I think you're seeing the film grain filter that Marvel uses for some reason. Normally it's low key and elegant, but at high resolutions the clarity makes it look dirty. 



 
 You learn to get used to it if you're watching anything but iron fist. That one isn't worth it.  
Lol this was worth going deep for. 
Calm down Satan. 
For any Guardians* that made it this deep in the comments looking for finality, yes, he got his gun and I didn't hurt anything. Faith in humanity restored just a drop.  
Right? I was highly considering changing his control scheme to inverted though. That's about as evil as I get. 
Just PM your credentials I'll grab it for you no bamboozle.  

*gilded for kindness, is this real life? Thank you! 
Don't forget Checkers. He needs to get some fries or he'll regret it. 
Another issue I think is it seems a lot of the shittiest issues in America mostly affect the working class, and these people can't exactly fuck off from work for a week to travel thousands of miles and yell at open air hoping for a response. 

Most Americans are in a sort of work paralysis, just trying to afford enough to get by as it is. 
So maybe a dumb question, but then how do you get them out? 
I believe it does, Kev. 
In some states that's called rape. 
Guess he found something that works? Still better information to spread than a lot of things on the Internet. Thanks for sharing it that second time here on reddit so we can continue sharing it with the people. 
If you can dodge an axe, you can dodge moms jumper cables in ninety ninety eight. 
I'm not sure why we should get angry about reposting good info. The more people that can see this kind of thing the better. 

Besides, it's not like you said it, so it's always been a repost. 
He pulled the classic, "you can't fire me, I quit!". 
Rhett? 
Not sure what's so awkward about that. Just tell her you killed someone.  
Shoulda just put the heaaaaaaaaaad in. 
After learning what it is just now, I don't think anyone is susceptible to fan death. 
Muscle memory is a hell of a thing. 
This is amazingly unsettling. 
He said smoked not rolled. 
That sounds awful. 
Maybe they never even charged them. 😀 
Yes. It wouldn't be if the damn thing responded. I have an lg g watch r and the update broke it completely.. And yes I've done a factory reset. Twice. My watch is so slow and unresponsive now, that it makes doing almost anything a huge chore. It takes seconds to respond when I do anything besides check the time. 

So if you're used to a quick double tap then drop the watch on charge 'cause it's been a long day and you're exhausted, that shit ain't happening anymore. So yes, for me it's a huge deal and I'm seriously considering going back to 1.5. 

I wish they had kept the old interface and just gave me the new keyboard and app drawer. 
No you're thinking of ninety ninety eight, when the grave digger threw the undertaker into mankind. 
That's depressing. 
That's depressing. 
So you're telling me I need to repeat the expirement? Anyone got any baby animals I can borrow? 
I didn't notice it before and I didn't notice it when I went back either. Hmm. 
Fuckin a. 
Tried it. Didn't work. They grow so much faster than you that one day you just notice they are sorta heavy, the next they are just a little bit heavier than that, and so on and so forth until one day you're struggling to lift them.    

After that they just outpace you. At least they did this scrawny Southern kid of about nine. 
Even primate societies function this way, the higher up members get away with way more and receive more.     

This shit must be in our DNA. 
No it's not hard to believe that people bike at all. I'm not anti biker or some shit. Idiots are everywhere as demonstrated by this clip, so you have to watch out for them, and if that means being smarter by not competing with idiots in cars like this person is doing then I'm personally going to err on the side of caution and avoid circumstances like this. 

Maybe you guys are right and the cyclist was in the right area of the road, I'm honestly not familiar with this layout it looks non-American. So maybe I am ignorant but I wouldn't be taking the chances this guy did, regardless of the legality. 
Huh? Who am I defending here, and how am I an idiot? I personally think both parties are morons, one for driving a bike alongside cars on what appears to be an interstate type situation, and the driver for not paying attention or maybe even doing that shit intentionally. 

I'm not sure how clearly riding your bike on the wrong part of the road and confusing the other parties on the road is "mental gymnastics". 
Did the biker not also assume the driver would somehow know he was going to continue on going straight while in the turning lane? See how that works. They both were wrong. Driver more wrong since they are the one maneuvering a hulking death machine around and need to be careful with that damn thing. 
🐩 💗 😀 
Elf needs food badly. 🍛
Fun fact, that model was actually one of the first wireless phones, that was just the antenna. 
You could try getting fatter. That makes more skin right? 
I think it was your interpretation that was correct. 
Don't forget blood oxygen sensor, pulse, proximity, barometric pressure, gyroscope, compass ... Someone else take over while I think of more..  
Bopit. 
Uhhhhh what? Look I hate Amy Schumer as much as any redditor, but if my jokes involved my penis or asshole and some heckler shouted "show me your dick! ", I'd want them kicked out too. Not sure what one thing has to do with the other. 
No, it's right next to Scandinaivia. 
I don't know what to believe anymore Lol. 
Maybe? You found it toxic enough to uninstall instead of shifting your expectations so in the end you gain some peace but you lose the game.    Seems to be an even break to me. 
Fudge I'm pretty sure you're joshing me but I rerolled my dragon deck and added the cards to test it out personally for science but so far it's been difficult to get opponents to cooperate, they just keep smashing face, will report back when finished. 
Fuck you dude now I'm going to have to try it. Can't tell if you're messing with me. Think you are but can't be sure lol. 
Upvote just for bravery. 
It doesn't even need to be popular. My kids bitch about people shouting "I'm going to report you!" in some tablet game they play when they don't want to trade items with randoms. It would definitely become abused and mostly useless. 
.... You can't really do that can you? I've never tried... 
The game is about what you make it. I have plenty of fun playing standard ranked with all classes just trying to earn gold heroes slowly. When you gamble you're guaranteed to lose eventually so I accept that and am instead happy with occasional wins. You're not going to win every hand of cards.  

You guys remind me of my little brother. He's stationed in Afghanistan and has tons more time to play than me. He's messaged me upset that his "ten game win streak just came to an end!", and I have to remind him most people are happy to get win streaks.


If you guys aren't having fun with a game you've already lost.   
Interesting. Would you be against trying another Reddit app so we could isolate it further? I personally have been using Reddit is fun but it shouldn't matter which you try.    

Very curious if it's going to ask you which app you want to use if another option potentially shows itself. 
It is also happening on Android and honestly this post makes me a bit relieved, thought it was just me. 
Okay this is indeed curious. I am having this "issue" exactly but with Reddit is fun, so I think it has something to do with the URL of Reddit's home page.        

What happens when you search in any browser for a specific Reddit link, such as "Reddit destiny bad juju".       


Does that specific link results load in your app or mobile Reddit?  
You just had to go and type the last sentence. 
Except that it totally matters where he's watching it because I believe that's technically a "per household" restriction.  
Okay. I believe I've been able to replicate the problem. But let's make sure.    

I use Google to search Reddit in my Samsung Internet browser beta. If I click the Reddit result at the top it directs me to mobile Reddit.    

The preferred behavior would be to click that Google link and have your Reddit app load instead. And this is what's happening in Chrome?    
I play Hearthstone and pretend my toon is suffering some sort of flight master backlog in an inn somewhere.  
"hey rv, take me to the grand canyon! I wanna be really close! I need another beer." 
What could go wrong. 
Just chiming in, never been an issue in two years I think now of my G watch r.  

Crown takes decent force to activate. 
You could always switch wrists, you have the technology. 
Some themes from the Samsung store actually change them. 

If you're willing to mix and match between Samsung themes and icon packs you may eventually find a combo you like. 
I respectfully disagree, I've had mine hidden for months. 
Have you tried clearing defaults in the Google app? 
Yeah but isn't that kinda like saying you see a forest, when the biggest things in it are still trees? 
Worth the wait. But I really need to get going my wife is probably worried. Also drop bears. 
Well I meant more fuck the reality you're sharing, but I guess anything to distract me from my slow withering return to humus. Your place of mine? 
Don't forget a propensity for genital mutilation. 
Fuck you.  

*jesus reddit I didn't mean him personally. I mean, I barely know ikahjalmr. We've only had one interaction on the Internet and it was fairly limited in breadth and scope. Also I'd need to get permission from my wife and that's spotty at best. Maybe we could go out to dinner first?  
Why don't you use Australian spelling. Is it hard reading and writing everything upside down? Which way does your toilet water spin when flushed? Are drop bears really real after all? I'll wait. 
If you're not Buddhist, you should be. 😊 I hope to one day be as chill as you. Without the polyamorous love, that is. Three kids deep into a fifteen year marriage is working fine for me personally. Been practicing your life philosophies otherwise though. Do you homeboy. 
Damn air conditioning was no joke back in the day. 
Mesothelioma is a rare, malignant type of cancer found in the lungs, usually associated with exposure to asbestos. If you or a loved one have been diagnosed with mesothelioma, please call the law offices of 

You may be entitled to financial compensation. 
Why would you do that? Stop it. You're confusing everyone. 😄 
Fear mongering news at its best. That chadtron kid guy man thing actually started to grow on me. Like cancer. 
No it's the one where my daughter bitches at me about kids tricking her in trades and stealing her items through tomfoolery and making her simultaneously sad and lose faith in humanity. 
You summed that up perfectly. I was just thinking, damn, that's a double old man face. 
I know right. The worst part of humanity is the people. ^^^/s
Not OP and don't personally go for no death in dark souls, but being very careful with uploaded to the cloud save files works fine for fixing fuck ups on most systems. 
Man those old vanilla alterac valley battlegrounds were epic. Battles would last for real world days. You'd be fighting for hours, get tired and go to bed, wake up and get out back in the exact same battle. Just crazy. 
Mine are playing something called Animal Jam now. God dammit.  At least it's sponosored by national geographic..? Right? That's better?   Right? 
Maybe constantly offering yourself as a present to new people is one of those mistakes they are just trying to help you through. 
Right? It's outrageous! It's gotten to the point I have to make all my skeet blankets homebrew. 
Jesus, I only got a few minutes in, was it really all that bad? 
I thought they were owls with insomnia until I saw one making the sound on my fence. 

I was way too old to be that ignorant. Not one of my proudest moments. 
Hey thanks for that. I appreciate your valuable insight. I'm sorry you wish I was beat more as a child though.  
Terrifyingly accurate. Luckily I was never abused sexually. Wish I could say the same for my older brother. He really took one for the team. 
Charleston, SC 1989-1999. Would not recommend it. 
Former Pentacostal here. Went to a black Baptist church a couple of times in my life when one of my father's work friends invited him to it. That shit lasted all day. Those comedians talking about black churches are only mostly joking. Sweet lord did I have a blasty blast though. I was like seven or eight at the time in this weathered little church surrounded by forest in the middle of nowhere South Carolina. It was middle of summer with no air conditioning so they handed those little unfoldable Asian fans out to everyone. Was the first time I'd ever got to use one and it was swiftly taken away from me for having fun with it. 

Anyways, everyone was singing and dancing, they were playing instruments and interacting with each other! The pastor would shout blessings at people and they would shout back. They would spontaneously break out in perfect synchronized chorus with no discernible starting point! Contrast this to my grandfather's church where it was two hours of him reading the sermon to you in mostly perfect silence. 

At the end of the service it was pitch black dark outside and I thought it was over but then trays of foods started coming out, tables were being unfolded and chairs removed. People started coming over and shaking my father and mothers hand and thanking us for joining them. Then I sat down and ate some of the best friend chicken, Mac and cheese and collards I'd ever had in my life. At like 10 pm. 

I fell asleep in the car on the way home both times this happened, so maybe it was all a dream.  
Haha I know I'm broken because the thought of this kind of shit still happening to other tortured little humans like some crazy religious rite of passage gives me comfort. Thanks, gramps! 
Yep. Sunday school in the morning till 12:30 in the afternoon. Got to church about 9 am every Sunday. My brothers and I were double screwed though because our grandfather was the pastor and it was a relatively small family congregation so nobody would bat an eye at the sight of a nine year old being dragged down the pew to the bathroom to get taught a lesson in the fear of God and learn some respect. Hell, most of the time it was one of my cousins really gettin it. They were much worse than my brothers and I lol. 
Always gotta leave some features for the next years sale. They are still copying the apple playbook, and based on their operating profits even after the note fiasco, it works great. 😐 
Having grown up in the south I know fire ants are no joke. You did the right thing. 👍
Can't you just use AdHell to blacklist ads phone wide through knox? It's been working great on my s7 edge so far.  Or does it block extra ads? 
You lucky fucks, when I was dragged to church the only thing I had to entertain myself was my brothers. We would basically get beat with the belt every Sunday for "acting up". Naw, bitch, that's just what happens when you stick three kids near each other in age together for three hours and expect them to be seen and not heard. 

I'm not bitter.  
The argument they used was seeing scores for a close game would get people to change the channel to that game. As a sports lover I immediately turned it off. Spoilers brah. 
Holy crap according to the article and Twitter they locked them in a building with no food water or air. Yep. Air. 
iain*
Six years ish is right on the edge there for probably not working. 😊 My LG tvs are also the most finicky with cec and hdmi link settings. So, good luck! 
Just a heads up some tv remotes work great with ps4 and even Vue. My Panasonic tvs even let me change the Vue channel with the ch up ch down buttons. This goes for tvs with network remote apps as well. So if you don't want to use or don't have your tv remote they may have an official tv remote app on your platforms app store. You can move through the menus and select things just fine most of the time. 

Try hitting any colored buttons on your remotes, network or physical, while in Vue, it brings up the same options as hitting those colors on controller buttons. Check your tvs Settings to enable any cec or smartlink, simplink functions to enable it. 

Apologies for formatting, super tired about to pass out. 
Hmm, it really is just a bunch of fucking gas. Go figure. Weird to see these close up shots where it looks like gas just floating in space. So used to distance making it look more planet like I guess. 
I'm a huge atheist and even a bit of a nihilist but you're definitely reading way too much into this. The reason you're getting downvoted isn't theological. It's because you showed up to a joke party bringing dry cynicism and criticism and everyone had to stop laughing to shake their heads at your social ineptitiude. 
But as the creator, isn't it gods fault he's stupid? Perhaps God should have made him smarter?  

*grammars
If you can afford it, I'm in love with my nvidia shields tv. Got three of them because they are buttery smooth and have amazing features. Ps vue works simultaneously on every box, you can gamestream from your pc to play pc games on the tv, it has chromecast built in, and oh yeah kodi is pretty good too.  Also it's got 4k hdr so it's pretty future proof. My wife loves the little sleek remote as well. 
I remote play fairly regularly from a z4 tablet connected to a ps4 pro, so the resolution goes up to 1080 and it looks great most of the time. 

This is of course from home under perfect Internet conditions, as I've never been able to get remote play to work outside my network for some reason, and I've tried on a vita and the hacked remote play app for my phone. 

I connect a ps4 controller and attach it to a stand next to the bed to do some quick destiny at night while the wife uses the tv. There is occasional stutter and I wouldn't do trials of osiris competitive pvp with it, but I've done iron banana with it. 

I'd still prefer my big tv but it gets the job done well enough. 
I know it's not a launcher but has anybody heard about Good Lock being released again? Kind of wanted to give it another chance. 
If you don't mind my asking what about Apex makes it better than Nova? I've been using Nova for years now and I just can't find another one to replace it because it's so smooth and nice and customizable.
Anyone else find it odd how the comments are getting younger instead of older? (obvious idiot)
needs more charge. 
Am I having a stroke or are you? 
Throw some baking soda in there and make a volcano. 
Or if you're my wife you nag me for months until you get a brand new one. 
Pretty sure the blood test requires needles too... 
You've never seen him avoid chocolate because his parents are probably avoiding the bad chocolates that may have trace peanuts and giving him the okay ones. 

My son also has a severe peanut allergy and it's ridiculous the amount of sweets that share equipment that manufactures peanuts and tree nuts. 
I'm pretty sure that was a documentary filmed in real time. 
Because it requires hours of someone shouting "MARCO!" to find it. 
Sure, but it's the Internet, for all we know they had their friend actually type say it for them. 
Since we're beating on you this morning anyways, I feel like you were right right and he didn't actually say it. He typed it. 
[Can confirm,](https://imgur.com/P8BynVY) here's my little snouter bringing her ducky to bed. She constantly walks around with a little furry animal toy.       
I love lamp. 
Hi son. I expected more from this comment. 0 out of 5 out of 7. 
Holy shit lol. 
Subscribe. 
It started simple enough. I'd let Jr pass me last lap in Mario kart, or beat me in smash bros. Occasionally I'd crush him just to keep him humble. You know, dad stuff. 

Then one day I noticed something. I was.... needing to *try* just a little bit in smash bros. It made sense, the little fucker was spending hours after school playing the game, forcing his little sister to compete against him, never on the same team. In fact she didn't even know you could team up until I told her because he had convinced her it was impossible. 

So he was starting to get good. I didn't exactly have tons of free time between adulting to hone my own skills either. 

Flash forward to the present and I'll admit it he's better than me. He's nearly a teenager now and just smashes me constantly. I'll get the occasional win if he messes up or gets cocky but most of the time it's no contest. 

It's a mix of pride and shame honestly. Luckily I grew up with two brothers very close in age and I know how to deal with these competitive situations. Tossing the controller on a soft surface and shouting usually works well. Something like, "gah! Can't you win with anyone besides Kirby!" while storming out gets my point across I think. So proud. 
Sure thing I got a couple you can have for a few hours while I take the wife out and have a life of my own. 

I will do all of this for free for you, enjoy your beer and financial freedom!
I don't watch much fighting, but it looked to me like blue shorts aggressively wanted to give yellow shorts a blowjob and yellow was all like, "lol bro I keep saying I don't swing that way." 

Like, he's really going in for it. Kind of homoerotic. Yellow finally had enough of his shit and gave him a quick knee to get his point across, and then tried to find blue shorts reset button which must be behind his face, because that's where he kept desperately slapping.  
I feel like they are very misleading. Like, they should be made of coffee. Or even the coffee plant. Does coffee grow on trees? Someone should make a coffee coffee table. 
Sounds like he lives in South Carolina. 
After beatings and jumper cable replacing. 
Cameras help. Just a little. 
I get that but maybe it was an autistic rabbit then because even at a few seconds you could get away and pretty far at 45 mph. 
Dude could be borrowing a kid to buy alcohol, I ain't fallin for that ish. 
He caught a rabbit? Like, legit ran it down and tired it out? Was it a wild rabbit or maybe used to people because that seems crazy to me rabbits run like thirty mph don't they?  

*Googled it. 45 mph top speed. Your friend may have been a closet superhero. 
I guess a beanie with headphones built into them? That's what the box says anyways. Seems like a good idea until I think it through more, then I feel like the quality would be similar to listening to earbuds through a thick sheet... 
I didn't know the Buddha invented the "I'm rubber your glue" methodology. Noice. 
Pretty sure it's about money now. Jesus would be disgusted. 
But it's not mega real though. 
I like the way you dispute! Well played. 
Devil's advocate, does anyone think it's *not* dumb? I personally hate it because I think it's unimaginative, stale, boring, lazy, and only serves to homogenize classes that I feel are constantly losing a little bit of their just, uniqueness? each expansion. 
Your key word there is or. 
Nothing's changed out there. You're good. 
Wow. That's hilarious. 
I really need to know if you're joking or serious. For science. 
Kys? I'm getting really old when even the internet slang is beyond me. Fudge.
I was having tons of fun with Barnes -> ragnaros then resurrects. The real ragnaros showing up late game ftw to surprise my foe was always great fun. Sure it only worked fifty percent of the time, but having multiple rags up was hilarious. 

Die, insect! Die, insect! 
Have you ever heard the saying "When you speak you reveal yourself"? Because that seems applicable right now. 

The guy you're replying to revealed that to *him* personally, watching streamers play is more fun currently than playing himself. 

Meanwhile what did your comment reveal about yourself? Who or how is it helping? To summarize... Umadbro.. And. Who hurt you? 
I don't understand. There is no discussion in that link, just a picture of Jimmy Neutron's dad. 
My brother calls this maneuver "putting the dog in the bath tub". 

Apparently because it's like trying to keep a dog in the bath, just keeps popping out. 
Holy shit I laughed too hard at this. Savage. 
They should all be squeezed together in some kind of field where they can think better. Some kind of.....camp if you will, that really helps them focus!
I think your watch still has the plastic on it's screen. Unless you're using a screen protector? 

As for the watch face, I kind of like it, but I usually go for more information in a simple format. 
>The screen it up on the dash just by the steering wheel, designed that way for safety. But even that can be a bit distracting.

So how do you figure a smaller screen also up near the steering wheel (on your wrist) is bad, but big slightly distracting screen behind it is okay? Especially considering one requires multiple taps to get through your folders and the other was just a quick respond via voice.  
Well I guess to each their own. I personally find it funny that you're willing to go through folders on your phone for music, but you don't think a glance at your wrist is very safe. 
Maybe I'm doing it wrong but this does not work for me for theater mode.
What?! Why! Wow.. Used this daily, I guess this new way of having to first wake up the screen, then swipe from the top down, then tapping the little brightness sun icon, then tapping the slashed out watch to finally enable theater mode will have to do for now. 

Thanks Google! 
I'm usually a stickler for using your phone or stuff for distracted driving. However I feel like using my watch for quick glances at my wrist was a hell of a lot safer and wasn't really distracting me from the road. You make it sound like we were pulling our phone out staring at our screen for seconds at a time and replying to our Tinder date. A quick peek at my wrist and then the ability to talk is no worse than a glance at the radio. 
Beautiful dog! 
Finally! G watch r upgrading! Hope the wait was worth it!
Something something your mother will end up beating you off with a pair of jumper cables in nineteen ninety eight. 
Jesus eighteen inches is tiny cut him a break, buddy. 
Mind my asking how it worked out for you? I found my wife's old Nexus 9 sitting in a drawer collecting dust and I'm trying to revitalize it. 

Did all the updates after a complete factory reset and clearing, but it still seems to like taking it's time with things. Hard to describe, but it pauses constantly like it needs time to load what it's thinking about. 
Uhhh April fool's?
Didn't the patch notes say they bumped the recovery up to like + 7 or something? Is it worth using now?
Guess they're a bored idiot. Least they're honest though. I appreciate that. 
It's just always been empty for me as well. Never found a way to fix it. 
Think of cayde like Deadpool, you can still tell a serious story with the type of humor he brings. Maybe exos don't fear death that much so it makes sense to me. 

Plus that's just cayde, he's awesome. 
Nobody should say anything about Prestige. Just watch it for the acting and make up your own mind. 
Yeah but they wag it completely differently...
They got aggressive and we killed them. 
That's what a 30,000 year long friendship will get you. Really not surprising when you think about it. 
You may have a cat.
I watched this Steven Crowder video you mentioned of him being what he calls waterboarded. It's clear as day to me he is holding his breath at the beginning of every water pour. How nice of his torturers to let him know when it would happen. Also the rag they were using is way too thick, it's blocking the vast majority of the sensation. And finally they didn't secure his head or tilt it back far enough to evoke the full response. With all of that going against the guy, I'd still argue he was doing his absolute best to *act* like it wasn't so bad, when he was clearly panicking quite a few times especially when the shirtless guy thought it was funny and wouldn't let up. 
Also does that mean super stong neodymium magnets have more magnetic domains than other metals, and if so are they naturally occurring or man made?
And why does gravity work while we're at it? 
Since someone asked below for extra perspectives and I enjoy a good thought​ provoking discussion that could potentially improve my own philosophies I'll try to add to this.

>No. I was just wondering why matter is able to recognize notions that it can't comprehend. One would be: can a brain ever come to fully understand how it works?
>
I'm going to need more to go on for this one. What notions is matter recognizing? Matter is just energy held close enough together by forces of bonds. Are you asking if a brain can understand itself or matter?


>The beginning of time is another one. How is the Big Bang any more sensical than God? Either one requires a complete breakdown of causality and logic. You can't have a singularity explode and create 10^80 atoms in a universe with all its governing laws any more than you can have a paternal, ghost-like omnipotent being with a distaste for masturbation. Either one equals something just appearing there one day, for no fucking reason. Each one simply shifts the blame, just like panspermia (i.e. okay, then what created DNA on the original planet?) Ditto for simulation theory--base reality still sprang from nothing. 
>

To me personally and feel free to argue, but time doesn't really exist. Time is an arbitrary creation of the human brain designed to track and define things. In the grand scheme of things the universe doesn't keep track of "time". Time is just the inevitable outcome of our hyper awareness to our environment reaching a critical mass and attempting to understand or define it. I feel it's likely our universe could have compacted in on itself and exploded in a big bang over and over again completely normally just as the natural result of compressed energy, like a universal bungee rope so to speak. In this theory you don't need a grand creator, it's just what the universe does, and you being here to question it is just the result of free energy basically coming together in the right pieces to ascend elements through simple atomic growth, throwing shit against the wall and getting lucky. It's like a universal Goldilocks. It's because shit went *just* right that we can be here, not because someone made it that way for us. DNA created itself naturally from a bunch of lesser amino acids which assembled naturally from their own smaller molecules and off to the races life went, not spurred by some Almighty being, but the infinite universal equivalent of throwing shit against the wall until something sticks. As for the creation of atoms, I feel like we as humans lock ourselves into thinking something has to have a start because we did. Just flip that on its head. Ask yourself, does it really need to have someone or something sparking it into existence? What if it's just always existed, in this expansion contraction dance of matter and gravity, and you only can't fathom that because you need a beginning and end? 

Simulation theory fascinates me even more. If this is a simulation it might explain some of the kookier aspects of physics to me personally. Things like uncertainty principle and how quantum physics function almost reminds me of how computer games work. What if quantum mechanics is similar to us peeking behind the scenes of a game to see the code that makes it function. Like trying to measure the spin of an atom is akin to spinning the camera real fast and the system can't draw it fast enough so it sends a weird result. I don't know I'm going off on a crazy tangent here.

>The edge of the universe is another. Once you reach the end, there is no more dimensional space. You could float up to the edge of the universe and knock on it with the side of your fist. So the universe is a hollow bubble flecked with hot star matter inside an infinite singularity of solidness.
>

We don't know if their is an edge to the universe. We probably will never know because it's hard to understand how mind bogglingly huge space is.  However we are currently in the expansion phase of the universe so for all intents and purposes their is no actual edge. You're still thinking too much in terms of physical, and the universe itself is the physical. It's expanding at a rate that even at the speed of light you'd never catch up to it, nothing can, so there is no edge really, just constantl expansion. Think driving down a road that gets built faster than you can drive it, but also that simultaneously only exists once it's built. 

>We don't know which is true: (a) the fact that we have conceived of a thing implies that we can understand it or (b) since we can't apparently conceive a thing that implies we're unable to ever understand it.  

(A) I like to believe the fact we have conceived of a thing only implies that we are trying to constantly understand it, and are much like the universe itself, in a state of flux adapting and evolving. 
(B) we're working on it constantly 😂