Murray's fumble still bothers me more. 
Dez is gone so get rid of the current #9 and move the current 10 down to 9 and make yours the new 10.
> Where I'm from there's a good mix of android, iPhone, and other smartphones.

Same. I'm in california too and have no idea what OP means when stating that it's rare to see someone using android. 
The fact that I'm not bothered by SMS’s limitations made me realize how little I talk to people. I really haven't had any trouble with regular sms messages. I actually find it incredible that for some people that's the only thing keeping them on iOS. 
Correct. That moisten the paper and makes it softer when you wipe. 
I thought people cleaned up well beforehand. 
Homie doesn’t even know what being ugly is smfh 
He’ll be back Wednesday!
If you’re going to plagiarise use multiple sources with bullshit sprinkled in. Turnitin gives you a plagiarise percentage even if you wrote everything yourself last time I had to use it. 
Same. I still have my first from almost 3 years ago. I have 2 at home and one at the office with a few spares from when i upgraded phone and bought AirPods. 
Pam is prettier man. 
Personally, it enhances my senses. 
At least we were winning then. 
> it feels like we're really unprepared for his departure. 

Sounds about right. 
I’ll try to catch some weekend games there! Work and school bar me from the weekday games. 
Hope he’s good but so far I’m disappointed. 
This is great. I had no idea you guys gathered at Lucky's in Pasadena. 
>  think it’s one that instantly makes our team better.

Well that sounds exciting actually. 
Which guy?
I'd prefer Moore over LVE. 
Well we got this piece of news out of that which is not much either. 
>  and you don't even notice it.

Those that say this should speak for themselves only. It's definitely noticeable every time. I also have to pull down control center if I want to check what's on/off like DND or rotation lock. 
Hard to say, I turn off sound on al the games I play and they're fine. ffix is great and can be played without sound. 
I don't see how it's a tease unless it's your first time buying.
8 sounds good. 
EDIT: feeling a bit sick so I may not make it. Just waiting for it to pass. 
You know I’m in. 
Calm down. 
I’m envious so no 
I honestly used to think they named Arsene after Arsenal. 
I wake up daily at 4:30 and get up about 10 minutes later. Everything is more pleasant right before the morning rush.
Help yourself to a few. I know I will. 
I have DND on but unfortunately you still get the badge icon for the missed call/voicemail. 
Yes. 
the only difference I see is the colour.
Agreed. I had 3 runs and enjoyed using a different starter each time. 
Does dj khaled work for google? 
I think people are just bothered by the possibility. Simply because it can happen
I'm glad it wasn't because that's what I expected too. 
First thing that came to mind when I read the title
He'd do a lot of damage with Rodgers throwing to him. 
We've been mediocre for too long for this to change how I feel about garrett.
Hey man, now you get to choose when to take a break/vacation. 
That’s because you have to pull out before finishing. 
Good afternoon folks. It's been a good week so far, spring break has treated me well. Hope you guys are doing better than I am. 
Same. We had some good years but it's not like helped us win a ring or anything that big. 
When I use daily mix the songs are different but artists are the same. I'd like both to be different. 
This is probably what most people feel without actually saying it. 
Never been stung by a wasp I didn't first bother. They're more likely to land on me but they never stung me for no reason. 
I couldn't even properly see the goal. I just see the run inside and then the ball going in. 
The regular app seems fine. I've heard apollo has more drain but I can't confirm it myself. 
Same. But only because I use the regular earpods more.
If I really like the song/album I purchase it. Stuff I want to hear for a bit I stream. 
Yeah. Closest place I could find. I can meet you outside if you like, just let me know. 
Cool. I’m right across from the station. 
Arrived early so I went for a quick drink. 
Of course. 
I'd don't mind putting in for pizza. 
Can confirm. Followed the link you posted. 
I would love both faceid and an in-screen fingerprint sensor. 
I'll drink to that.
Fingerprint sensor allows me to unlock my phone before I'm actually looking at it. Or without holding it. Faceid has me pick up the phone from my desk when I need to unlock it. 
I had a coworker who left the coffee in a mason jar for a long time and it starting growing mold. It was interesting. 
> Now, it unlocks at angles that I don't even think should work, but it does.

Wish I could say the same. 
Similar to when Umtiti said they should have been more aggressive against Chelsea. 
That sounds scary. Hopefully you get through it well. How long since you they were found?
The time I went was around 3pm on a Saturday. I ended up there because the Greyhound was packed and at Highland Park Bowl the only open area was the bar. For some reason I don't think it'll be that bad now. 
I went there to drink but I didn't get to bowl. I really enjoyed the interior. 
I had android all through highschool. iPhones weren't that great back then imo. 
That's a funny article. 
When someone isn't keeping up it definitely makes it harder to look past that. Like you may be cool with them but when their performance isn't well you don't care how cool they are. The casualness even if slight is annoying. I had a coworker that would never spell out words completely, basically text message emails. Oh yeah and he always used comic sans. My preference is formal but not automated. 
The big battery sounds exciting but I doubt it'll be that big. 
Sounds good, count me in for now. 
I think I can make it around that time. Has a restaurant been chosen yet?
I really hate corporate emails. They have no character and always start and end the same way. I understand if you're communicating with a client but it's annoying when you're emailing a coworker in a different department. There's no need to include a greeting or your signature in every response. Okay that's it for ranting.
Hope y'all have a good Wednesday. 
Didn’t think I’d need the /s 
I use it because it came activated by default. On or off both are okay with me.
I certainly didn't want to face you guys.
What happens when you don't start Paulinho

It's quite fitting actually. 
I had to stay away from /r/barca because of that. 
That's how we've played all season, not with the intent to win but with the intent to not lose. 
It's good that you're facing it now and I hope you get through it soon. It may not be easy but before you know it it'll be over. 
You're welcome. 
Champion's League is overrated anyway. La Liga here we come. 
Have an emergenc and stay hydrated throughout the day. Works for me when I feel I may get sick. Or maybe it's the whiskey. 
Ideally I would be in favour of that but the way this game was managed is just appalling. The way he's approached the season is how he approached the game. Play to not lose instead of play to win. He needed to make changes, the team was getting bossed around and he expected change without doing anything. I hope he changes that for next season.  

Valverde happened. Sees a bad game happening and doesn't change anything. 
You're right unfortunately. 
I'd rather Madrid don't beat us to get another consecutive CL.
I had trouble trusting Valverde and even more so now. You can have bad games but you don't enter a game leading 4-1 the way he did. Unacceptable. 
I didn't write you guys off because we've been inconsistent and you guys put 6 past Chelsea. 
Because Valverde is a fraud. We were lucky to not have more losses.
As is tradition apparently. 
You guys were the better team over both legs. 4-2 in my book
Should have been the first change at 1-0.
He did it to milk the clock and look how that worked out. 
Good game Roma. Deserved it over both legs. 
Valverde managed this game terribly. We needed to score earlier but he waits till were down 2-0 to make a change. Then 3-0 for more changes. smfh
fuck. Well deserved though. 
Hope people get off the Valverde hype train now. The only change he made was to take up time...
3-0 coming up, right? Valverde with a terrible game plan. 
Agreed. And our no losing streak has been more luck than consistently good performances honestly. 
Roma’s lead is well deserved from what I’ve managed to see. Would be surprised if they don’t score another. 
We’re gonna become an even bigger meme than PSG smh 
We got a match! Might just be me but it looked intentional. 
Can't watch either but it sounds bad over the radio. Sounds like we're getting dominated. 
Not surprised, good work Dzeko. 
Certain routes have some stretches where there’s a stop on every block. Just me but I find it unnecessary. 
I hate how often I've responded similarly. 
Get well soon, hot days are the worse time to get sick. 
Best of luck, glad to hear you managed to get something going. It's harder than most people realize. 
Good to hear you've been well man
Aw man that sucks but sounds like it's for the better. 
I agree. I last had the Note 7 which was great while I had it but I had to return because of the battery issue. Currently waiting on what the new Note brings. 

I was thinking the same. 
Next time you dream that try to get the audience to choose! Haha 
Good. I see nothing wrong with his decision. A little petty but if they don’t want then they shouldn’t. 
Logistics. Regular office job, 9-5. I use T-Mobile’s jump program to upgrade so that helps. 
You mean doggo?
I've never had bad enough performance/battery on android phones to necessitate rooting. Bloatware never bothered me and I only tethered once just to do it. I never cared much for software updates either, even now on iOS i don't update often. I change device every year now, updates are already installed on the new device and anything after I ignore. My phone is used for basic phone stuff, web browsing, music, ridesharing services, and that's most of it. I don't do much. All of that is done well on a stock phone. 
I'd love that. And make it super effective against everything too. 
The battery was decent till the end and it had one of the best roms I've used. And like you mentioned, the camera. I went hiking and took some pictures which I later noticed were extremely detailed. 
Good bot
Note 4 was a fantastic device. The last phone I kept for 2 years. 
At this point I do't really care for jailbreaking/rooting. It only gives me access to options I no longer need. Custom roms and extra features are fun but not needed for em. I don't do much on my phones anymore basically. 
Welp. Just finding out about it. 
Firered and leafgreen. Those are the gen red/blue remakes basically. 
Yes. Even if only for the outrage on here. 
Or the ones riding the rail and stinking up the carts. 
You couldn't just leave it alone after removing the jar? That's the real FU
Would have been better ha
Google whatever artist/band you’re interested in and look up their upcoming events. 
I relate. I don’t feel bad, just hollow. Nothing’s seems worth any effort and forcing yourself doesn’t help. The good things are only satisfying for a bit, if at all, and then nothing. 
I wouldn’t feel comfortable facing them either.
Yup. It very easily could be Roma ahead. 
More games than not honestly. 
I’ll lose my shit if Real Madrid get a third straight CL by beating us in the final. 
This is ridiculous. 
That was hilarious. He thought he was getting a deal for years. 
I see nothing wrong with what he did. His mother seems crazy though.
Nope. Haven't seen much to think otherwise. 
> I get KOed next turn, send out a sacrifice, revive and Foul play again. Beaten.

It kept using Photon Geyser on my Zoroark so the battle went easy for me. 

I guess that's why there's only fire types left. 

Best one is normal because it's not forced to have something on its tail like the original. Boring type but its unique. Dragon seems to have a normal tail too. 
The reddit in-app browser works fairly well on iOS and it's rare when I actually want to open safari so I can't complain. If I actually need the browser I open it and start there. 
Sounds like you're not used to handiwork. Too many issues encountered even if it had rained. 
I remember when the daily tifu was someone shitting themselves. I think shitting on someone else is funnier
Carry a can of lysol for when you need to sit.  
She really did. 
It doesn’t unless you expect something. 
It gets old real fast when you remember we didn’t do anything all season. 
Worked for me too. 
Good to hear man. Also good to hear your friend is still your friend. You never know when somebody might need someone. 

I can’t say I’m happy but I do appreciate that things aren’t worse. I’ve fucked up and I’m gonna keep fucking up. At this point I don’t even know what’s out of my control so I just accept everything that’s gone wrong as my fault. I’m mostly right I think. I may take it out on myself sometimes but never on someone else. It won’t do anything for me. But there’s still time to just enjoy even small things. Like the fuckups I haven’t committed. Haha 
I know what you mean. It also replays in my head throughout the day. 
Find a reason or something that can really push you towards that for the long run. A few years ago I quit smoking cigarettes for a few years. It was the easiest thing ever, like flicking a switch off. Then I no longer had reason to abstain and I’m back. 
Same when I see coworkers outside of work and they want to pretend we’re friends when we don’t even talk to each other at work. I’ve gone to extremes to avoid people and it feels like I completed an important task afterward. 
Wtf man wow 
I see us losing. 

EDIT: you were right. 
/u/troostorybro has got it down. 
I mostly keep to myself but after a few visits they remember me and start up conversation. I don't like to be a bother so I don't talk to anyone unless spoken to. I open up more once I get to know them better. They're interesting people and make the time spent there better. 
Oh man life is funny. At this point I'm not where I want to be or where I wanted to be and I don't even know where I'm going. Times change and sometimes things don't pan out. I got some issues that'll eventually catch up to me. Overall I can't complain. Shit can be bad but it can also be good. There's a lot that can be appreciated. Bartenders know me better than my friends so it's always easy to step out. It's often nice to have a few beers and look back on things. Thinking about all the things that have gone right can be uplifting in its own way. However small there's always something good to appreciate. Happy Friday and I hope everyone has a good weekend!
Hit up a bar, meet some good people. 
I’m only comfortable in pants. On hot days I only feel the heat from the and waist up strangely. 
My limit goes up to 72. A 5 minute walk will have me sweating. 
Giving attention to a woman first must mean that I'm interested in them. In reality I have very little interest for most people.  
Also random erections. I'll be riding the bus, minding my own business, and there it is. Right when my stop if coming up too. 
It has to be California. 
> who's the smoothest person you know?

I know very few people and I don't think any of them are smooth. Maybe I don't know them well.

> how often do you think about.. y'know..

Honestly I'm not sure what you're asking about?

> do you enjoy the quiet?

Silence is golden! I go to school during the evenings and weekends because the campus is much quieter. 

> where are you headed?

Nowhere fast. But I like to pretend I'm headed somewhere good.

> do you like music?

I love music. Listen to music all day at work.
I need to see Imakuni in 3d.
I really hope people use it. 
In the works. 
Morning folks. Glad it’s Thursday at least, I need some rest! Hope everyone has a good day today! 
Not like I haven’t stared at a wall all day 
Great to hear man. Keep at it. 
Sounds fun. I may be down depending on how school is around that time. 
You really fucked up. You're supposed to repress your feelings and let them kill you inside. 
Stay fresh young one. It's fun at first then it gets old and the new jokes don't come around fast enough. 
No problem. I had to take the plunge myself haha 
yes. sfw.

Okay are multiple threads needed for this? 
To expensive to get and keep. Not a fan of his antics either. 
I'm dead inside so I was happy to find out they ditched touchid. 
> especially if he had pain in the area.

I thought it was common knowledge to be wary of testicle pain. Or just unexplained pain. 
The ones I've seen on amazon have reviews saying that they basically yank out the hair. I can do that myself. 
>  I don't know how I stay in a job or keep my grades up.

I can relate a bit. The lows get lower but the stuff that needs to be done always gets done. 
>They ultimately decided that eight months of no service was better than three years of poor and unreliable service.

Blueline service is already poor and unreliable. 
Tell me more about this. I'm currently a stem major and this sounds interesting. 
AJ Green would look like a rookie with Dak throwing to him. 
This is just bad. 
Can relate. And it feels like time stops but not really. More like it leaves you behind. 
He has two stages when he wants food. Affectionate followed by angry. Fortunately he didn't get to the latter by the time I managed to feed him. 
It just slipped by me :/. I fed him after work yesterday and was supposed to go after dinner. I went to bed knowing I forgot something but couldn't remember what it was. I won't forget today though!
> shawn Leigh

I really had no idea who you were talking about. Took me a while haha 
Mine usually meows loudly but I think I may have slept right through it. lol 
iphones are just simple to use and the galaxy note series is fun and keeps me coming back to android. I like to jump back and forth. 
Had to run to my coworkers house because I forgot to buy cat food yesterday. Little guy kept tossing his empty bowl around and I thought he was just being mischievous. Fun morning, happy Friday. 
I got one today before seeing this haha 
Have fun man!
Happy Thursday to you too!
That reminds me of the Office so it could be fun. I don’t know. 
Similar for me and she just happened to bring me lunch today. Oh well. 
That’s how I was feeling this morning. 
> Nobody truely know how he feels, he has only played here for 2 seasons and could perhaps give 2 fucks about the club

Exactly. He doesn't have any attachment to the club and he shouldn't yet. Especially if he starts feeling undervalued. 
I thought the same thing. 
He told me he's signing with us on Monday!
Gonna get one of these. I had an accident a few years ago that could have been much worse. 
oh haha I only saw the pikachu and lugia ones before this. Thanks!
Just accept the consequences. Nothing better than seeing the dumb shit I did upon waking up. 
Haha it's not like that man you're doing fine. It's incompetence due to something else. 
Not too bad OP. I started pokemon yellow and didn't know how to leave the room. Afterwards, when I was told how, I didn't know how to save the game and did as you did. 
Wait. How does a kid keep from pushing buttons though?
Knew it wasn't just me seeing FF
Sorry about that, you're good though
I think Typiora  allows you to add a number row. 
Weird algorithm I think. I have a huge library too but there seems to be little variance in what plays. It's why I use a different app. 
> Says they’re goofy big and I must carry them in a backpack cuz they’d never fit in a pocket.

What kind of pants does your brother wear? I'm a rather small person and it fits fine in the pockets. 
> I can’t be the only one who feels this way,

Of course you're not. It's brought up almost daily. 
And I got $100%!
I thought TIL was about checking wikipedia and then posting on reddit. 
Been in that situation more than I'd like to. Trains get packed like sardine cans.
Hopefully you won't need it. I feel it won't be too much if it does rain but then again I wouldn't know haha
If I weren’t incompetent I’d have a car for days like today. I have my umbrella now so it better rain. 
Dang. Haha not like I needed any help with that! 
Wow. Stay safe! 
Not a drop here. :/
You are correct! 
I refuse to believe this. It gives me a glimmer of hope. 
And/or boring. I'm both and I have no redeeming qualities. lol
It's easy to be frustrated, and not just about free agency, when you see the team hasn't done much in 15+ years. Especially if you've been around for those years. 
I hope they don't do it just to witness the rage on here. 
Thank you, your service is appreciated. 
This happened to me in pokemon yellow. I never played again until someone told me how to leave the room. 
The official app is easy to use for me. I tried Apollo but it always felt like I had to remember one thing or another. Navigating through it didn't feel simple. I would open it and had to look for where I was trying to go. I couldn't memorize where things were so I guess the problem is with me and not the app. 
Yeah I'd play for money instead of pro bowls too. 
I thought it carried you. 
Wow this is really good. 
How does a pillow just burst? 
I’m surprised it clicked for me upon reading it! The whole quote came to mind. 
It's finally Thursday and the week is just about over! These past few weeks have blown by and I've just kept up.
Took a day off work only to come back to a bunch of shit to do. Day off was worth it though. Had an exam yesterday and did much better than expected. It made the whole day better. 
Hope everyone has had a good day so far!
Why does it happen? I don't experience this with mine. 
Remembering the page is cheaper too. 
Wait. What kind of coyote? The one that snuggles people over?
Courtois is getting much more blame than he deserves. 
I didn’t get to watch the game but I didn’t realise our possession was that low. Not that it’s a bad thing 
I love how supportive the fans were of Gomes. 
Glad we’re not hating him again, it was irrational. 
Good work man, I know you did well. Keep it up man. 
Can’t play because he’s cup tied having already played for Liverpool. 
Got mine tomorrow. Hope it went well, I’m sure you were prepared for it. 
As my professor would say, money laundering. But I’ve really no idea. 
I'm surprised your parents, grown adults, assumed that hundreds of mosquitoes came from nowhere and couldn't piece it together. 
What the hell is wrong with them?
Same! I was so certain of who they were but I was wrong with those two. 
At least couch guy ended up satisfied. 
I mean might as well make some money to offset the bad date. 
Sounds like Elliot Rodger was the friend. 
That’s the thing. They don’t want some fantasy bullshit, they actually want to cause harm. 
Well it obviously didn’t help them. 
I don’t trust anyone that waits in line for daikokuya. 
That’s why I always keep my phone with me. 
Really looking forward to the rain this weekend. Looks like it’ll be busy with schoolwork. That’s fine. Have a good weekend everyone. 
That's not a surprise. 
Couldn't you get a public defender? Also not sure how the law works but why didn't the girl testify to clear you? Well I would never admit to a sex crime I didn't commit. 
The title is very misleading. I thought you convinced your brother's friend you killed him, not that you killed your brother. 
Thank you China! 
Los Feliz like last year!
The only kind. 
Nope. It was embarrassing to just scrape by their backups. 
I hope he doesn't try to brand an arrow on his arm. 
It's gonna pass at least. /r/iphone is constantly spammed with iOS 11 issues, pictures of the iphone someone just bought or of their apple collection, and people asking which iphone to buy. Usually there's better reads on here. I guess it's because there are more devices that there's more to talk about. 

Oh yeah and don't forget the siri and notification system complaints. 
We can't decide for you if it's worth the money. Go to a retailer and play with both and see which device you like better.
I don't know why the characters look like robot chicken animations.
They really do allow just anyone to get a gun. 
Live in LA and never had to check anything but still do. I've yet to find anything interesting. 
One thing I learned is that you can never overdress for an interview. 
I guess it’s up to you to break the tension!
> Yerry was incredibly solid tonight.

Glad to hear this. Really looking forward to Mina getting assimilated  and getting more time.
When I'm familiar with a place I know it like the back of my hand. Also I have a bad sense of direction and when I'm new to an area I'm lost even with maps. It takes me some time to get oriented properly and yesterday when I got off the gold line in little Tokyo I noticed a few people that were clearly trying to figure out where to go next. I couldn't help myself and had to guide them a bit. Not finding your way sucks. 
Answer the door in the nude. 
Ah I see. I think its greatest appeal is how it provides all the info at once. I’m not sure if that’s what they intended though but I find it useful. Like you miss a bus but there’s an alternative route that doesn’t take too long so it helps on deciding what to do next. 
Train times have been precise or mostly correct for me, even during delays so I can’t complain. 
I’d rather use a razor when shaving. 
I make eye contact with someone trying to turn as a way of letting them know that I’m gonna cross. 
The transit app works great as well. 
Tried these before. You get quantity but no quality. They’re not horrible but I wouldn’t recommend them. 
Something like this this almost happened to me at the angeles national forest. I pretty much I accepted I was gonna die. Know what trails to take and when to turn back. And if you can have somebody with you. 
What’s wrong buddy?
Time to start saving up for the Uber home. 
> The technology generates a generic avatar of the person that looks like a green ghost. If the person is concealing something, it would show up as a black spot.

Concealing something how? Does having it in my pockets count? 
Yup. This was me. Or turning TVs on when they were turned off 30 min before closing time. 
The icons are really dulled out. It's personal preference but I like them to be clearly visible. It's something I would always change when I was on running the note series. 
May I introduce you to iOS 11? 
The status bar on that galaxy phone is horrible. 
It still hasn't "grown" on me like it was said it would but I don't talk about it very often. I mean it's not horrible but it's not a feature either. I never felt it made the phone stand out uniquely. 
That's a lot of respect. 
I would have pretended to be dead. 
Well all in all today's was not bad. I was surprised when I stepped outside. Not cold and not hot. 
What was wrong with today's?

:(
I’ve nothing to add usually or someone may have already said it. 
I’m just confused now. 
Have a good weekend everyone. Rain was nice today and hopefully it keeps up tomorrow.  
I don't have the airpods but I guess it's because of the w1 chip. I have the beats x and they work fine, not my favourite to use though.
Not a huge fan of bluetooth but the title is horrendous. Suddenly a lenovo issue applies to everything it seems.
Instagram, snapchat, facebook. No need for them. 
Awesome. 
Thanks. I love this kind of stuff. 
I don't. It still hasn't grown on me. 
You can use copytrans but I think you have to pay. I think only itunes purchases restore in an icloud backup. 
My plan has been foiled. Dang 
Oh no, don't know of any spot anywhere for it at the moment. The one I tried was the just-add-water type that comes in little packets. 
This would be great only because I don't like the notch. 
At work! My coworkers introduced me to it and I said what the hell and just tried it.  
Let me send you the telugu character and then decide. 
Same. The official app is simple to use. Other apps require getting used to them. The official one was easy to pick up and use. 
I'll take the good night's sleep and general comfortability that this weather provides. I am in my element for now.
Yesterday I tried misugaru for the first time and it was really good. Can't believe I went this long without trying it. I'm gonna start buying some myself. 
That’s where I lost it. 
If everyone could avoid taxes they would. But like everything else it’s difficult and let’s be mad at those can do it 
Just about every sport has a farm system. 
Long as hell but I enjoyed it. Won’t watch it again though. 
I dropped a class once because multiple group projects were involved. I always end up in the shitty groups doing most of the work. 
Yes though it is a bit limited. I personally prefer the design, better battery, and navigation of the S3.
I honestly prefer the the Gear S3 to the apple watch. 
This is the right answer. 
I didn't know apple provided an email service. 
A literal party pooper, eh?
Far bar in Little Tokyo has all day happy hour Sunday and Monday. 
Seven Grand has live jazz sometimes. Don’t know if the patio is fixed yet though. Patio is super close and sometimes you can still hear the band. 
Nah it’s just fresh. 
Down. 
It’s not a bad choice. It’s something that can work just about anywhere you go for the most part. 
I was once where you are but I'm not too far ahead. I picked something and I'm doing what I need to do for it but I don't know about the after so I'm going slowly. I don't even want to think of that. I just picked something to have something. 
Awesome, enjoy. And happy cake day!
I think I can make it. Most likely. Tomorrow being the first day of class means about half the students will be unprepared so the professor may take it lightly and dismiss us early. 
This has happened to me. I tend to converse with myself often and sometimes I can see me talking to myself. It's just like watching 2 regular people having a conversation. 
Work has been really busy but overall it's been a good week. I'm really digging this weather and I'm actually looking forward to class tomorrow. Hope everyone has a good weekend! Stay warm!
Eat well, stay hydrated, and rest! I rarely get sick but I hate it when I do, get better soon!

>  Purell on hand.

Exactly what I was thinking. 
Good place. I miss the one in Pasadena. 
Only issue I can think of is that if you lose your phone you lose your license. 
Finally improvement instead of expansion. 
I think if he had panicked at some point someone would have noticed but nobody saw it happen lol. As for me I didn't have my glasses but a girl started panicking and shouting that some guy wasn't coming up. After that incident they started locking up the pool.
I feel they could make a whole game about rainbow rocket. From their rise to they usual beating they take from the protagonist. 
Same question we all had. If I'm drinking and don't know how to swim I'm definitely staying away from the deep end. Dude was unconscious underwater and someone pulled him out. When he regained consciousness and people asked what happened that was his response. 
It's great as long as there's a lifeguard. I saw a guy almost drown by jumping into the deep end because he thought the could swim. 
Disgusting. This scum should be imprisoned for life. 
Fuck it release Wentz. 
All I’ve heard since it was released is that it was the best marvel film. I knew not to expect too much but I still expected a bit more. 
Iceman taught me that if they’re cold you can mislead police. Cold preserves them and it messes with how long they’ve been dead. 
I saw Black Panther today and thought it was good. Just wasn’t blown away like most people. 
It definitely wasn't for pokemon!
I remember trying to find the porygon episode on limewire. Took many tires.
The only bug I experienced was in the heart of stone expansion. But it was just a side quest so it wasn’t too bad. 
Might be the Mandela effect but for some reason I remember watching it. 

Partially agreed. I expected this to be a tough match and was not letdown. Chelsea never make it easy for Barcelona. 
Same. I new it'd be a tough match. 
Just when my lunch break was over Messi scores
Holy shit we’re really trying to lose this. I don’t feel comfortable with Vidal when we’re down. 
Not surprised. Great goal. Chelsea’s chances just seemed scarier all game. 
Hazard is having a hell of a start. 
Heard it on radio and it was tense. 
Chelsea starting off strong. 
It didn't for a lot of people. I sent it to a few buddies and then subsequently got rid of it for them. 
I learned that it means clothes. Damn google 
Considering all the unjustified expenses I have the tax doesn't do much for me. 
I remember reading a story about a guy who ate a girl's ass and then the pinworms, or whatever it was, came out to greet him.
So by flushable they literally and only mean you can flush it down? That's not right.
I thought we were supposed to flush the paper down....
Idk why but I imagined the tone having something to do with farting. 
This might be the best picture I’ve see of her. Wow. 
Yeah it was horrible. She could have looked up a generic rendition and done better. 
I’d love 2-0 though I’d also be content with 1-0. 
Close game but we scrape by at 2-1. 
Surprise: Sylveon was great during my sun playthrough. It lways came through when I needed it despire it's attack sucking. 3

Disappointment: Malamar. Kept dying before I could take advantage of it's ability. 
I agree. I got through it without flash and it took forever. 
Spring semester starts this week for me and one thing I've really been contemplating more than I should is skipping it. I'll see after the first meetings. Here's to a good week for everyone.
You quit coke but you don't mind your friends getting fucked off it?
I thought the thieves were going to be robots or something. 
Oh jeez. At least you were smarter than me. It makes sense now but before I didn’t think of it. 
I can relate to this. Glad you guys are on good terms. That seems like a rarity nowadays. 
I only have to make sure to reactivate because when I'm in somewhat dark places the screen is too bright and I lower it. Once I leave said place is when I have to reactivate it. 
Great read friend. 
When I first started with yellow I didn't know how to exit the room and never played the game again until a friend taught me. I also didn't know about saving so I stopped playing again because I got tired of repeating the first parts. 
I believe it's under general, accessibility, and then display accommodations. It should be the same for the 8, I had it before getting the X. 
So people are unhappy that smogon sets got incorporated? 
Yup. Auto brightness is now under accessibility settings for some reason. Have to use the search to reach it now. Are you going to tell me your notifications are grouped unlike just about everyone else's? The alarm still doesn't let you set the snooze time, it's always 9 minutes. I'd like to disable voice control but there's no way to completely do so. 
I can't say it's much more intuitive when auto brightness settings got thrown away to somewhere else, the notifications mess, the barebones alarm app, and the fact that i still can't turn off voice control. I prefer iOS but I wouldn't say it's much better.
>  camera will auto rotate pictures.

This happens to me when taking photos. 
Same. I also enjoy /r/watchpeopledie
I'd say it's more of a parasite. 
It's also done on spanish language radio. OP didn't even try. 
This sounds exactly like what happens on radio shows. You either copied the idea and someone somehow didn't know it was false or you made it up. 
Or breaking it by hanging weights from it to make it longer. 
Thank you, I appreciate it. 
I think you’re right. Been a while for me too, I just remember they’re super affordable. 
I actually read it out. 
Aren’t they like 2 for 5 bucks? Seems good 
So that's why it's my favourite from the above!
I tried it out on the recipient's device was fine. I guess it may be the iOS version or I sent the wrong characters. 
I've done a bit of searching and it says you can have someone else send you a message and then delete the thread. 
Same and it made me chuckle when I heard it. 
The title is misleading.
Bob Seger - Still The Same. It's a great tune!
I was out drinking last night and after a while I noticed that nothing was playing on the jukebox. I go over and play something but someone beat me to it through an app. When my song came on I heard someone yell out, "who's playing that country shit?!"
Good times haha
Go ahead, someone has to start it!
Fucking hate that one. 
You mean instead of holding it properly? 
Great to hear man, keep at it. 
I have. There's been absolutely no solid reason to think he'll be the next HoF tight end or even close to an appropriate Witten replacement.  
I'd say we let him play out his contract to fully evaluate but let's not bring up excuses like we have with Garrett. 
People actually pay to listen to drivel?
PSG is done. 
Yeah at least it didn't screw your visibility as much as the fog. I didn't expect any at all because none of the weather sources guaranteed it. It was pleasant though. 
Flygon's design always made it look like a bug/dragon to me. It would make a cool mega evolution for it. 
One of the few times i was legitimately mad at a game  
It got released not traded. 
Thought that may be the case so I also went ahead and included a response to your question haha
This sounds political more than they being actually concerned. 
Totally caught me off guard. 
How was it? Not too bad I hope. 
I'm happy with it, I new what I was getting. 
I understand now. That sounds horrible, might make things a little tricky too. 
I've read that sometimes that's email notifications. 
I'm guessing you don't visit /r/iphone often? This gets posted every few days. Happens to me as well but not every time. 
I'm confused, mine already hangs down. 
I'm surprised you made it that far at the university. 
It's the people commenting mainly, OP's gf was disappointed he forgot about her important interview. 
It's just me but everything seems like an overreaction. I can't imagine losing something and reacting like most of the people commenting. Even OP's gf was more mad/disappointed he forgot about the interview. 
Better keep me moisturized for life or at least a few years. 
Oh shit. It’s finally raining around me. The waitress wasn’t lying. 
Not sure but I’ve been getting arclight tickets there for about 3 years now. I guess that’s not a long time. 
Disappointed I didn’t see this in /r/Losangeles
No problem. Fandango is my go to because even if they don’t sell tickets for a theater they still display showtimes and other details. 
It’s only chocolate but try Mignon Chocolate in Glendale or Pasadena. It’s always worked out when I’ve gifted t. 
I hope she used lots of bleach 
Look up the Theater on fandango. It shows the times and whether it’s 3D/imax. 
Some of us actually want to die
The runners are great. Light and comfy. 

That already happened, this is what was next.
I'm certain most people are like that. 
The Berenstein Bears are real. 
As someone who's not a photographer the difference in current flagship phone cameras is minimal to me. I have to try really hard if I really want to notice the difference.
Drinks. Everyone just tends to be in a good mood that day. Bartenders, strangers, just about anyone I see out. 
Take Thursday off and go out drinking. I've always met great people on 2/14 outings. No reason not to have a good time as well. 

Come on man, hold the line. 
I used to... but not anymore. 
Farts are not as warm as shit. Don't  know how people confuse both. 
I second this. 
Thanks for this. 
I haven’t had it in months and almost had some yesterday. That needs to change. 
I hope people wash their cars. 
Nope. I don't take pictures. 
Of course not, but smartphones consists of many things that are convenient for us. Might as well enjoy them.  
I don't have a most played. I enjoy what I listen to so I just pick a song and keep it on shuffle. And streaming isn't available everywhere. 
Too much? All my music is saved locally and the 128 gbs wouldn't be nearly enough. 
I'm currently at 90 gbs for music alone and 15 gbs for movies. That's too close to 128 so I went with 256. 
Something tells me it's still gonna be a hot day. 
ah yes, a new day to fail is just what i needed. 
Morning was clear when I left for work and suddenly the fog rolled in. I thought I was entering Silent Hill. 
It’s a great way to karma farm. 
Lmfao this is something. 
A teacher I had in highschool said they were rats with wing. Took a field trip to a landfill and it was full of seagulls. 
Make the plates an Arceus consumable. Kinda like how he absorbs them back in the movie. 
There's only 2 IAPs at the moment. 
Ch. 2 for $0.99 and Ch. 2-10 for $19.99.
Oh man that sounds good. Hope it's a good lunch!
Those curtains make it seem like a cloudy day when its completely sunny. They're great. 
I'd feel more comfortable committing a crime on a moonless night. But that's just me.
Someone on standby with webmd open.
speak for yourself. 
Try a snack to get you started! Your body is probably coping by pretending it's not hungry.
Plenty. It's one of the first things I do in the morning. 
It takes me at least 3 hours after waking up to feel hungry. I’ll go from not feeling hungry to absolutely starving. It’s weird kinda like my stomach wakes up later. 
But why is this funny?
If I’m 12 beers in then I’ll lose the count from all the times I went to the restroom not from the beer. 
You ever been denied a job for being overqualified? It’s kinda like that. 
I need my space so I always get a box when I go to a concert at the bowl. 
I’d be down for this again. 
Haven’t had any trouble getting the classes I need either. Not even on the first semester. 
I just hate snapchat.
Let us turn off voice control completely. 
that's a lot of apple cider vinegar 
Aye the year just got started. We have a plenty of time for that meet up. Glad you’re feeling better. 
Instead betray their trust in order to teach them a lesson. 
I like to drink. Bartenders tend to be more generous on Valentine’s Day. 
Can’t believe the eagles still haven’t won a super bowl. Good weekend overall, too short like usual though. 
I know but it was just nasty. 
Who does Brady think he is? Lmao 
Brady should have caught that and a long field goal would have been better. Patriots reek of desperation early the game. 
Looked like helmet to helmet there 
He has to be released after trying that now 
I thought the Patriots were well coached but got burned on a run and a pass consecutively.
It’s me, your Uber taking you to a bar 
If the eagles win the super bowl with Nick they should just relegate Wentz to back up duty. 
I hate the Eagles so much they’ll probably win. 
give normal typing to everything that doesn't have it just for kicks. 
I don't know what the idea for this was. 
Carrying a wallet and phone doesn't make my pockets look stuffed but I guess that depends on the pants. 
And you lose details if you want the video to cover the whole screen. 
I don't know much about the foldable screen tech but how would it work? Would there be a crease like folding a paper? Don't mean to pose a dumb question, I'm just confused. I saw a video of the concept but it didn't explain much.
If there was a small bezel at the bottom the notch wouldn't stand out as much. I definitely notice it. Face scanner works as good as the fingerprint sensor on a samsung phone. I have to hold the phone a certain way or it'll fail. On a galaxy phone I have to be precise when swiping my finger over the fp scanner. 
Still happy with the device though. 

That's why I always scope out the location of my classes. I still ended up in the wrong room once. 
>  To switch the phone off (sleep) and to switch it on (wake).

I mean that's all I do with it already. 
Buying stuff too actually but that's super rare. 
It'll be probably be released in 2 years considering it took them a year to release a meaningful update for Mario run. 
That just makes me imagine 8.5 small stones though. 
I don't plan on but if it just comes up again I will. I generally don't like to plan things because then I'll change my mind, I don't like to commit to things very much.
Oh man plenty. I decided to only go for lay ups afterward. 
Joy Division. Their sound is quite immersive. 
Went to play basketball with some friends yesterday and I’m out of shape. Also I can’t shoot. Was definitely fun though. 
I missed the part where you guys are the pancakes.. I thought you just threw them at people and took shots. 
Exactly how I feel. Fan of MT but I’ll stay away for now. 
Nice. That’s the time I get up for work. 
I learned this when I heard the song Hold the Line in Mindhunter. 
Wait... what?
That's why I always use the Note series when I'm on android. Samsung has actually been innovative with the software features.
I don't know about you but I like to go to the restroom before breakfast right after waking up.
It was a frustrating fight for em because of spiky shield. But other than that Charmeleon made it easy. Skarmory assisting was no problem either. 
I will never forget it due to how much of a pita it was to get the Regis. 
I am doing absolutely nothing. 
That's good to hear, you might be closer than you think to where you want to be. 
Thanks man but that's not it. I'm the problem and I'd rather not waste anyone's time but mine. 
It's all good man! I think I'm good where I'm at. 
Done!
I'm not worth anyone's time. And I say that out of honesty more than anything. 
I respect the hell out of the Patriots. 
I cannot comprehend rooting for a rival. Can't be a true Cowboys fan. 
Thanks. I had believed it. 
Good to hear your having a good time man.
Yesterday night I was feeling real good with myself and decided I would get back into dating. Today I've decided to postpone it indefinitely. 
That's why I always wait till April. 
The one and only?
It should really give you more for using Uber. 
Start by complimenting your bartender, works for me. 
Here is my [buddy.](https://i.imgur.com/kaLnoPx.jpg)
Yeah that seems decent. I had to go well over 1000 for Black Sabbath 2 years ago. 
Dry where I'm at. Should have washed it twice. 
Alex Smith, yikes. Thought they were trying to improve. 
I’ve taken the blue line 5 days a week for the past 6 years. Never seen anything crazy. I guess that’s luck 
Happy Birthday! Hope the bad is out of the way early and today's been a better day!
Finally a compliment!

Slayer. I went to the same high school as Kerry King. 
Love Tom Waits.
It was Far Bar in Little Tokyo!
It was at far bar. I remember the old monday happy hour policy was different. 
Went out for dinner yesterday and walked into an all night happy hour. I overstayed after dinner.
> There was a lot of vagrancy and heroin in old town back in the day.

There's still plenty.
When it's ready. 
Why be nice? Their upstairs neighbours had already asked them to keep it down and they didn't. Loud neighbour was being a dick. 
So he just dropped a Wilt line and that’s it? 
Then have some drink and shit on his car. Ha 
Just take it like Hank Moody man 
Regular bars have better buffalo wings than wing stop. Wing stop was so disappointing. 
Not mine due to years of substance abuse. 
I thought the d pad was censored. 
Disgusting. 
I remember seeing Christian billboard about this. Talking about getting right with god and whatnot 
I like my eggs cold. 
Do they have more playoff appearances too? 
No excuses from me. I expected to miss the playoffs this season due to the harder schedule and us being us. Not sure about the upcoming season but I'll be expecting disappointment once again. 
Why do people hate the Pats so much? This is a no brainer, I absolutely have to root against the eagles. 
I didn't know whether it flees or not was simply based on rng. 

> The next shiny I would find randomly would be 5 years later, a Magby in Wela Volcano Park.

I can relate, I found a shiny bagon while trying to do the level 10 salamence thing. The salamence never came. 
My first legit shiny was a wooper in the gen 3 safari zone and it didn't feel difficult. I don't count the gyarados in gen 2 because that's a story encounter. Other than that I have had much luck with shinies overall. 
I understood what they were saying thanks to you. 
I don't remember ever having much trouble catching safari zone pokemon. 

I don't care for them. I often thought I battled every trainer but always missed one and I didn't bother to look for them. 
I like to switch between the 2 because both get boring after some time. 
I've always said that a phone isn't worth buying if you can't use it without jailbreaking/rooting. 
They can get rid of all of them for good measure. 
A few days ago I worked out so hard I almost shit myself. I just felt exhausted and used my remaining energy to keep it in till I got home.
The Eagles are really going to win their first super bowl this year. Smfh 
Almost there. 
Playing a game here too. Just got mgs5 and it’s good. 
I think OP is talking of a stage right before that. Before life kicks you down. 
Not a kid but younger stages of adulthood. 
I giggled too and I have lived here all my life. 
Today is Janis Joplin's birthday. One of the best to ever [do it](https://youtu.be/869ozuoTTks). 
nah those get eaten 
I'm not either but I am using a web enabled device. 
I love how the parents ground him for no reason. 
That’s Snake wearing a mask. 
My brain skipped the "off" in the first sentence for some reason. Glad everything is working out. 
Sounds good, I'll keep my eyes peeled. 
This week has been killer but at least it flew by. Can't wait for the weekend. 
Still have mine as well!
 How about Doctor Who? the longest-running scifi show.  
Today I've really been feeling Autumn in Washington Square. 
See you there.
That doesn't sound good. Have fun if you end up going!
Next complaint will be that an update purposely destroyed their battery life. 
You dropped this \\. :p
I want to go, I'm considering it! But I'll see how work goes today. 
I hope you find someone man, someone that'll do more for you. 
You're right, it is good for everyone. It's part of removing the limits on oneself. I think it'll be fun with coworkers to practice with!
Oh for sure man!
It’s Thursday you’re right! I haven’t gone in a long time!
Make sure you have a good day!
Thank you! My Tuesday nights are generally free for now, I may be able to attend sometime in the future. Just have to actually commit once the semester is over.
Oh man you've been reading my mail. When I notice that I'm not getting through I stop trying. I've no self respect so I just wait till she hits me up again.
Nope, it's definitely sorcery.
That's not bad! I tend to use something else for the void...
I think I can make it. What time y'all thinking?
I wanted to take class but the school I'm attending doesn't have korean. I watch too many korean tv shows to not understand what they're saying. 
Similar situation I'm in. The ex can hit me up whenever and will expect a response but if it's me trying to initiate conversation I get nothing. 
Happy Birthday!
Aww. Hope that cat will be okay!
Damn! Someone played this exact song at the bar yesterday! It had been a while since I heard it and now twice in a row. 
Alcoholism. Everyone jokes about drinking a lot but they don’t know how bad actual alcoholism gets.
Except time doesn’t do anything. You and your family will die because of your own failing bodies. “Time” has nothing to do with it.  
You don’t even have to hate somebody to do that. 
Good thing we’re living there. 
Not scary. At that point I would accept death. 
Can’t confirm. Been having rabies for years. 
True. I saw the film A Moment to Remember and it was really sad. It was about early onset Alzheimer’s. Scary stuff. 
There's too much blood in my alcohol. I need to change that once work is over. 
I'd be down with it.
I found Michael Scott!
Read about during my morning commute and it made my morning a bit better. Saw a video clip of Shaq and some other guys dying over it. 
The most I can complain about is the drivers talking when I don't feel like talking. Everything else has been great. 
In the US myself and I don't get the hype. As long as I can get the message out I'm good. 
Exactly what I was thinking. Should be considered shitposting at this point. 
I wear regular jeans so my phone fits fine in my front pocket. I don't actually keep much in my back pockets. 
Fuck that. I couldn't care less about someone losing their virginity while I'm trying to sleep. And that's why I didn't opt for roommates.
especially jolly ranchers. 
That's around the time everyone decides to get there and around the time I leave unless it's slow to fill up. 
No idea what's going on but best of luck!
People got high on Dak too soon. At the end of last season he was destined for greatness now he's trash. Two seasons isn't enough time  unless they're absolutely horrible. 
3rd and long and he throws to the line of scrimmage. 
I remember mostly everyone on here was saying we were a lock for the playoffs but I know nothing is certain until the season is over. 
>  and they won because of Philly's Defense.

And 3 of the remaining teams have a top 5 defense. 
Oh man, get ready for the ride. 
Drinking certainly makes things easier. 
Almost there. 
I miss the cool gold room. 
I’ll do it for a beer. 
Shit. I thought it was yesterday. 
Oh yeah, biergarten gets horrible during ufc. I haven’t had trouble with nfl playoff games but it could differ for you. I like to get to bars about 30 min before a game depending on the stakes of it. 
Man that’s sucks about Barneys, I go to that location often. Lol best of luck finding something man. 
No worries, we're square. 
Off the top of my head:
Biergarten in ktown or downtown. Better food at the ktown one. 
Down n out in downtown. Decent food.
Far Bar in Little Tokyo. Good food. 
Barney's Beanery any location, I go to the one in pasadena. Decent food. 
Der Wolfskopf and Lucky Baldwins in Pasadena. Good food. 
33 Taps in hollywood is decent. 
Greyhound in Highland Park is cool. 
Public House in Los Feliz is cool too. 
There's the regular places like TGIF and BWW but I can't remember much else right now. 
Happy Birthday man, I'll get you few rounds on Saturday. 
Best of luck with HR, hopefully they handle it well. Day is almost over and I hope it hasn't been too bad, good on you for speaking up. Let us know if you need us to talk to anybody. 
One of my favourites dives has a kitchen that's closed whenever they want to close it. Wouldn't recommend any food from there though but they do let you bring in anything. 
Specific area you prefer? 
Same. It kept trying to use photon geyser. Dark pulse took care of it. 
Same, I've always heard taint for males. I actually still hear it used for that. 
Not just murdered. 
This is just common sense. 
But you don’t need a smartphone for web lookup. 
True. Ha. Last week it felt like I was on the 4th day but it was only the 2nd. 
>  I think he and Umtiti are the future of our defense.

I'm actually really looking forward to that!


Good luck with the MPRE, not that you'll need it.


I'd be able to assist in the beginning and then forget about it after a few drinks. 

I'll have more than one for you man! 
That's a cute critter!
How's the care for them? I considered getting one once but never went through with it because I didn't want to screw up. 
This week has been a full work week yet it's gone by faster than last week. Guess it's been a good week. Got a new book on Monday but I'm already halfway through with it. Time to look for another. Have a good day everyone!
> my line of work wouldn't allow me the time to take care of a pup

That's why I got a cat. They're very independent and friendly!
Agreed. Macys tend to have multiple parkas during the cold season. 
That would be badass actually. Why go for cute when you can go for cool? 
Sorry haha it was just a small joke. 
You had your ears covered so they had to stream it to be sure you heard it. 
And I still can't disable voice control either. 
You've got yourself a good wife. 
Same. I only got it for a day and no one noticed!
Amazon is one of our clients too. I can only agree with everything you've said. 
Just take it as it comes, man. 
Because the pokeball forces them into servitude. 
It really reads like it was your first time getting high or you've rarely if ever done it before. 
Do you look up the levels before playing? 
I ended up killing Detlaff but I believe it's possible to kill him and have both Syanna and Annarietta die. Just speculation since I read that one of the endings has Syanna stab her.
Yup, username checks out. 
It rains a little bit and the metro gets fucked. Blue lines issues screwing with traffic on multiple stops. 
If it's raining by the time I'm off work I'm gonna go have some drinks. Something about the rain makes them more enjoyable. 
I remember when it used to rain. It was nice. 
Well, Saturday night's alright for fighting. 
> so perhaps it's best to not mess with the team chemistry this month and work him in slowly.

That's how I feel about Dembele too. Work him in slowly.
Fuck it. I’m down to waste resources. 
So you really wanted to go to the US? 
2017 was a long year. My bartenders are the real MVPs. 
You mean like [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/cowboys/comments/7odeyw/cowboys_rank_4th_worst_in_percentage_of_pressured/ds8z1vp/)
Damn you're right!
The actress who plays Betty in Mad Men. You’ll probably need some celebrity hook ups. 
To ask if you need anything or if everything is fine when there’s food in your mouth. 
That doesn’t make sense. If I dislike you unreasonably I’m still gonna be nice and polite because you’ve done nothing to deserve otherwise. 
Won't believe it till I see it. Someone told me it'd be a wet December and they lied! 
Pizza hut has half off on all pizzas including the make your own. There's no reason not to order pizza. 
I'd rather take care of my $1000 iphone. 
4PM for me depending on the amount. 
Voice control. Can't turn it off and sometimes gets activated when using headphone controls. 
Gotta make today last as long as possible before heading back in tomorrow. Gonna miss the holidays. 
I don’t ask for much. Something manageable for me like passing all my courses. 
Down. It’s gonna be huge. 
People were saying I was full of shit when I said the injury was still bugging him. 
Yeah but weed and alcohol are boring. Nothing like the rush of sticking a needle in your arm and pushing down the plunger. 
Meanwhile we're drafting basketball players. 
Is it possible I haven't gotten the flu in 5+ years? I haven't gotten hit hard by any illness really. 
Also Yaya Toure considering leaving his club because no one wished him [happy birthday.](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/teams/manchester-city/10842712/Yaya-Toure-considering-leaving-Manchester-City-because-the-club-failed-to-wish-him-happy-birthday.html)
I don't like a rule so I'm going to complain about getting in trouble for breaking it. 
There is nothing more infuriating than getting a cold. I got sick without any warning and I hate it. 
Never had any trouble with the one in Pasadena. 
That's why you have to find a place you like and become a local. 
For NYE I always found it better to go to a party. Unfortunately I don't know of any this year. 
> I'd rather have a guy that's playing with a chip on his shoulders

We already have one. 
You just reminded me of Imakuni. I found him creepy when I was younger. 

I knew that as soon as I saw Dak run it in. 
> I honestly don't think this sub understands just how bad dak is

People were saying he was ok because we're a run first team. Yeah well you gotta be able to throw it too. 
I had forgotten how awful those back sprites were. 
I am unrestrained when I am alone. When I'm with people I don't want to be a burden so I limit myself.
Going back to the event itself, since it's only 4 hours and there's plenty of people, I doubt one can make it to 20 drinks or however many needed to make it worth it. Unless they stay in line to refill and then you're not really having a good time. Haven't been to one of those events myself so I can't say.  
Can’t say I haven’t done that more than once. 
I was gonna gift that but apparently it’s like a subscription service and you have to buy one every year. 
No problem man. Good times. 
You stomped shitty teams to get there. Can’t be that surprised. Even Dak beat the Raiders sort of. 
They are mad. 
Close by Public House. But I’ll keep trying Jumbo’s. Went next door because I had to use the restroom again. Fuck me 
You’re an all star. 
I fucked up and the line is long. Is this the only place for tonight?
Anyone there yet? Had to use the restroom so I went to a bar before getting there. 
It’s all good man, no worries. Thanks! 
Had to make a detour since I was already on my way ha 
Barney’s and I think the 35er. 
Merry Christmas. No work tomorrow so I’ll see y’all there. 
Happy Holidays everyone. 
Drink. That’s what I got for tomorrow. 
Great show. 
Too little too late. 
Seahawks don’t need to guard the big play. We got no big plays except PI. 
Nice seeing a qb that can throw and receivers that can catch. Garrett is an idiot too. 
Don’t give Zeke the ball at the 2? We really messed up our draft position not going 0-6 w/o Zeke. 
Earlier I mentioned that Bailey either lost it or is still injured. Still looks that way. 
The o line is breaking down too fast for Dak to just stand there. 
Great timing with the hold. 
Can’t wait for the next edition of the Dak and Dez show. 
Lmao. Too easy. Rookies looking like rookies. And we wanted to make the playoffs like this. 
Can’t blame honestly. They played great all game but got no help. 
Jesus that first Dez turnover looked like it was just tapped out. 
Yup. Defence is done. Haha 
Lmao. I don’t blame the defence if they give up. Played hard all game. 
Most games this season. It also seems pressure gets to him much more easily. Far from the “calm and collected” rookie. 
Relax. Just sit back and wait for the next TO. 
Field goal! Field goal! Field goal! 
No way that’s PI. 
Thanks Dak! Exactly what I meant when I said let’s go for a touchdown. 
Alright let’s get a touchdown! 
And Williams. 
Agreed. Game goes through all 3 parts. Can’t blame the defence at this point. 
I see our next field goal coming up. 
Didn’t have someone smaller to put on Graham? 
I thought fans in general were always fine with beneficial flags? 
Lmao! Defense breaks right before halftime only to give it back to Seattle. 14-6 incoming. 
Seahawks touchdown incoming. 
The story of Dez this season has been a lot of killed drives due to throwing to him. 
Lmao. Unsportsmanlike conduct is one the easiest flags to avoid. 
Thank you Wilson! Great job Lawrence! 
Bailey’s lost it or he’s still injured. Dallas really needs to fix the offence. 
Might as well punt. We rarely convert on 3rd and long. 
This is a RB/FB game. This is a game Seattle can definitely win. 
Zeke is gonna get run to the ground this game. 
Good defence. 
We are good at running out the clock for 3. 
Dak’s been having trouble recognising pressure this game. He’s been completely surprised every time. 
Our best offensive drive led by Zeke. 
That Jones-Jones play is probably the best thing we’ve done all game. 
Forgot about Zeke. 
Let’s hope for a better offensive stand 
Wilson is most dangerous out of the pocket. Hope Dallas remembers. 
2 yard run and a Dez drop. Not surprised. 
I blame the losses against the Rams and Packers. We were actually rolling in those. 
Let’s hope the Bengals and Bucs can hold. 
Not really considering they’re taking every player into account. 
Didn’t know he would kill himself so I saved the orphans. :/
Fantastic game. Took me 2 years to finish since I don’t play often but it’s the one game that kept me going back.  I bought the 2 dlcs a few weeks and it’s been great. 
Shit. The other article someone posted said he didn’t drink too much because he was gonna ply golf later and didn’t want it to mess with his game. 
This should be the OP. 
Not really. You don’t really know what you’re getting with a possible suspension. 
I have my stuff delivered to my work address. Can’t risk leaving it on the porch. 
People too. 
Another Randy Gregory to go please. 
wouldn't say worst if you don't care about shinies.
Wimp. I move everything myself. Even the earth. 
Cleaning is nice. 
Got here man. I’m outside, everything was taken inside. 
Tough terms to match. 
Flygon. I got tired of all the fans crying mega evolution. 
>  I refuse to hate a Pokémon because everyone likes it and it’s everywhere.

Same. I also refuse to like it.
They look weird and not the cool weird. And they're basically just other pokemon like you said. Nothing special once you catch them. 
Dang it. I'm not there yet! I recently started watching it and I'm getting to that part. ha 
I miss when it was $75. Fortunately when school is in session I can just get the semester pass for $95 which also covers foothill transit.   
I'll drop by for a bit. Been a while since I've been out on a weekday. 

EDIT: okay just got here. 
I used to be a big fan of Muse when I was younger. 
idk the NFCS games I can see going either way. 
It's fresh.... and comfy. 
>  and Serperior losing its legs seems like an evolutionary disadvantage to me (though I am not a biologist so I could be wrong).

That's punishment for the forbidden fruit. 
Another reddit post will definitely get apple to listen. 
Except for when I pull my phone out and it's still not unlocked or have to position in a certain way. 
OP's manager provided the why and that still didn't help. 

We also dropped two winnable games with our best RB. 
I can attest to this for me as well. 
bleacher report is full of articles with unnamed sources. All the available outlets and they choose bleacher report? 


I'd be down for this. 
Best time to go on a diet is after the holidays. There's just too much good food out.
Glad to know I'll add to it someday. 
I miss Mr. Pizza. 
I agree with you. But it's funner to complain about other teams instead of our own shortcomings. 
You're right. I love having to depend on other teams for us to make it into the playoffs. 
It often feels like we get guys playing without giving them time to fully get better. 
No way Philly will skip out on keeping us from the playoffs. 
I'd go with Johto or Sinnoh. Both seem nice.
Low light pictures looks just as bad on most flagships to me. The difference is so small it's not worth getting into for me. 
Glad to hear that. Unfortunately it’s already finished but I guess that’s a good thing since you can see everything now!
I'll have to abstain from friday night shenanigans to be able to wake up in time. 
Not a single TD this season. 
Definitely sfw. 
Great show. Hope you'll enjoy it. 
Same. Not much we can do. 
I don't see Philly going easy on us. 
Glad that when I buy something this expensive a signature is required. 
Memes are beyond good and evil. 
I stopped listening to jackfm around 5 years ago because of all the current stuff they played. 
I think the just got new owners or something but it’s still open. 
Damn Twoheys is on the way out? That’s a bummer, it’s a good place. 
I can do downtown. 
How'd you like the District? Had a company party there a few years ago and it was alright. 
Man that's a lot of people you have to distance yourself from. You have to remember about your own well being too. They need help but not from you, they're preying on you. 
Someone edited the refs wiki page haha 
Agreed. Total shitshow. 
Of course it’s DPI. Not a rookie mistake, just bonehead move. 
I would have gone for it on 4th down. 
I don’t know what’s going on anymore. 
2 and 20? Gotta checkdown. 
This is the defence that the Cowboys want to go to the playoffs with. Not gonna get it done. 
If Smith is out then they might as well call it a night. Dak’s gonna get killed. 
And just like that a punt. Lmao 
Prescott looks great though. Future MVP. 
Lmao. The offence looks just as good as last week. 
Lmao. Classic Dallas. 
Didn’t look like Heath wanted it. 
Not surprised. Let’s see how we do on defence. 
So I’m a minority in that case?
Thank you! That’s why I hate lotion too. That greasy oily feeling it leaves on you sucks! 
Okay. With the condition my hands are in now I will definitely look into that. To hell with the smell. I prefer comfort! 
That’s in HGSS. Not in GSC. 
I’m certain he’s the one that gives you the map for the pokegear. 
Mine would get killed or be left with low hp before it could get a move off usually. But it did have it’s moments. 
It killed mine before I could get the move off. Zoroark took care of Necrozma with foul play though. 
Malamar had it’s moments but I didn’t want to bring another team member up to speed because it would take too long. 
If I remember correctly they weren’t included until RSE. 
Interesting name. haha
How often do you apply it? The jars seem a bit small.

This week my hands have gotten really dried out due to the weather I guess and I don't like to use lotion because I don't like how it feels. I do still apply it though around 4-5 times a day but it hasn't been enough. Now my hands are covered in lots of small cuts and they sting whenever I wash them. I'm buying some lotion to have at the office asap. 
Morning. I always get in early. 
Gonna go check it out tonight. I wanted to go yesterday but I didn't dare to not get enough sleep. 

Hleb has to be right up there with the worst.
You can still imagine it. :p
It's the new season of Bosch. 
I go to Lucky Baldwin's for my English breakfast. 
My dusk lycanroc was actually reliable. Hit fast and hard and would survive at least 1 hit while 2 hitting the pokemon it fought.

Malamar in ultra sun. Everything hit it first and it's defenses aren't that good to start with. I trained it too far to choose a different team member. 
Other people: I think my (other phone) is the best I've ever owned.  
You have done your people a great service!
Welcome to /r/iphone
Hey OP another cat tax has been levied. 
Break a leg man!
Pictures are probably the only reason to use yelp. 
That's horrible. I'm glad to hear it wasn't any worse. 
What in the world was the driver thinking? 
I went out during my lunch break and some guy was holding a sign that said that an earthquake was going to hit san diego according to the lord. 
I used to attend them but I stopped 2 years ago. I don't like anyone enough to spend more time than I need to with them. 
We're having our on friday. I'm not going though. 
Not having the running shoes really bugs me with how slow the game is overall. lol
holy shit another post about the same thing. 
Size restrictions? Just destroy them with your oversized pokemon. You'd have to account for move restrictions in those environments too. I think it'd be too limiting. 
As much as I enjoyed the game I'd much rather replay SSHG.
I thought that's what it was and that's why I read it. 
swamps of dagobah is pretty good too.
At least it was cooked.
Yeah because we didn’t know it was unhealthy before. 
Is there a source or we making shit up now?
Shit. I mistook what you wrote. 
Come back soon. I kid.
Just like that another semester is over.The start/end of semesters always displaces my routine of being able to do stuff/not being able to do stuff. Fortunately I can catch up on some reading now. There's a few books I've been looking forward to.
Don't know of any myself but they might help you out better over here.
/r/PokemonROMhacks 
It's such a good show that it should be mandatory for everyone. 
I have that same feeling too and it's basically why I haven't gone. I also find the seats at the Pantages uncomfortable. 

Awesome man. Glad you had a good time and good to have you back too.
I think you can also use a different source. 
I have the alarm volume same as before (halfway) and it doesn't seem bad. 
Even though it's a different perspective it's just not as funn as the first time. 
That's what it looks like. Account is like a day old. 
It’s that premade crap. Better to become a local at a bar and get hooked up. 
Yeah but it’s not really your money if it’s a different atm. 
Guess we’re making it to the playoffs to be a welcome mat for the packers. 
It's my first time hearing about it too. It's a strange case.
you read about the sideways toaster thing on reddit but not about the FUs that followed?
I like her better than hau. 

The stolen sub part was exactly the part where it came to mind to first use fly. 
Ah okay. That helps a bit. 
So you went the remaining game without using Fly?
I don't understand the title. 
Probably by the time you become champion of your region. 
happened to me too. 
Now you just need to break both arms. 
Lmao! Only the Rams. 
Philly is taking this. 
Browns are really gonna blow it 
I often feel we bring back players too soon. 
Scoreline is generous. Close game till recently. 
Dan Bailey keeping New York in the game. 
Yes, it’s why I’m here. 
Beasley! Took a while. 
This offence is making me sick. 
I love checking down when we need more yards. 
Dallas always gets caught during substitutions 
Another on the dline. 
Good shit Dez! Took a while but got 6. 
If Giants get a touchdown this game will be out of hand for Dallas. 
Only playoff teams score 3 points in a half. 
Dallas with the weird timeouts again. Now that’s a streak. 
Our dline is killing it this game. 
Is there a bonus for dropped passes? I’ll be disappointed if NY doesn’t win this. 
Do Dez and Williams share hands? 
Is that pass going off the hands of Williams again. 
Running on first and long? Reminds me of Dallas. 
Cowboys defence shitting the bed because Irving is out? 
That was too easy to miss. Had no idea what star wars had to do with it. 
It’s what I get up for. 
That was one of the nastier red zone attempts I’ve seen. Not surprising though. 
Of course not. Everyone on reddit is an upstanding citizen based on the comments. 
Most of this is just stereotypical shit. I don’t date often but most of it hasn’t happen to me. Like others have said, communication is key. Bad communication on both sides. 
They still do that?
Imagining the taste me cringe.
Definitely. And I'm a mediocre player myself so I need others to pick it up for me. 
Nice. Thanks.
Of course, there's always working people. 
It's always an interesting conversation piece. 
Finals next week. That is all. I'm relatively fine with the subjects but during the exams I always forget simple things I usually know and lose a bunch of points. Plan for the weekend is to practice and to try to remember everything. 
Nope. I just don't like holidays. Too many idle people at once for my liking. 
If I take a gift do I have to wrap it? With work, school, and finals coming up I haven't had much personal time. 
I'm too competitive so no one likes me. 
I remember she was his assistant but not anything relating to a relationship though it's been a while since I've read it. 
Ash clearly gives up on winning the leagues. That's why he doesn't try again after failing and goes to a different one he hasn't failed at. 
OP stated he was only going off the games. Everyone knows Bill in adventures pretty much debunking OP's theory.. 
I don't see how Daisy wouldn't have met Bill before Kukui. Certainly she'd know him through Oak or Blue. 
Don't dish it if your friends and family can't take it. 
Eh I don't make the rules. First and only time I went I was drinking a fucking vitamin water while women stripped to shitty music. 
It's the same where I live. If they're serving alcohol they can at most be topless. Alcohol and fully nude women often leads to disorderly conduct.
I'm not a JW but I tell my coworkers I am so they won't bother me with celebrating anything. 
How do you feel about 6 Magikarp?
I thought more people turned off the alerts. 
It doesn't make a difference to me either way. 
My hands are so dried out that the skin on my knuckles just cut themselves stretching out. 
Having arguably the best QB in the league certainly helps. 
Zygarde observed everything with its cells and knew it wasn't needed. 
Certainly. It's posted about almost daily. 
Dang. If I'm waiting that long I may even forget I ordered something.  It seems sketchy looking at the screenshots. 
It's a huge bar on the X as well. 
How so? Never used the app or heard of it for that matter. 
Picked out my schedule for next semester and it looks interesting. Kinda looking forward to it already. 
All these fires are horrible business. Stay safe everyone. 
I too screenshot my alarm when trying to turn it off. 
Last year I said I was gonna go this year and I didn't remember till yesterday. Next year I guess. 
I'm not sure when it started but seems like everyone has to point it out now. 
This is what I said on yesterday's post about the same thing. I guess it's mandatory to talk about the notifications. 
Agreed. Some blockbuster trade or whatever doesn't need to be on the lockscreen. 
I read a post saying that it's because it's damaging your skin or something and that's why it's mainly for small cuts. It's also why alcohol would be better in larger cuts. Can't verify for myself though. 
Always account for errors man. 
Hey its the mandatory weekly post on how badly the notification system needs to be updated.
Works for me. Along with a whiskey a day.
Something like this happened to me but to be fair I was like 6 or 7 years old. 
Thanks man!
Did you actually set your flair? The others work. 
Same here man. Couldn’t believe we did it again. 
When the touchdown was scored I knew that moment that the game was lost for us. Seen Rodgers do it too many times. 
Someone has probably already wrote it. That’s what I think. 
Thanks man. Yeah to me the last quarter of the year just flies by while the first drags on. Bring on the new year. 
They believe that if you don’t do well in school and afterwards in life with a career and whatnot your mental state will be worse.  Something along those line. 
Hope it gets better from here on!
His making it sound like Dallas is just a minor inconvenience. 
Jeez it's already December. Last month was my birthday and it's a month past.The second half of the year always feels faster for some reason. Just thinking about it wears me out. Oh well, on to the next year already. 
One thing I learned is you don't fish off the company dock. 
Gonna do the same. It's been  a long week. 
Oh most definitely. Probably the most exciting sporting event I know. 
Get a copy so you can review what went wrong. 
Gotta burn the place down now 
> so relatively warmer and drier than average.

What?! Someone said a few days ago it'd be a cold winter.I was looking forward to it. 
Shit. Sometimes all you can do is keep on keeping on. 
That’s the recommended amount I’ve heard. But I can’t remember to do so. 
I can already see the Redskins coming back and winning. 
Agreed. it was easy to get through. 
Do you guys replace your toothbrush every 3 months? I can never remember to. I just wait till the one I'm using no longer feels right. 
I'm jealous. I'd love to go there. 
I just got a chill reading this. 
I found navigating through ultra space annoying. It's not worth going back for me. 
I just want faster wireless charging.
How's the performance compared to Safari on the the phone?
Similar situation here but in LA. They were a bit rare the first week of release but they're everywhere now. 
This is not easy on the eyes. First the stupid home bar and now a control center bar? Remembering the gestures and their locations is not hard at all, just remove both. 
That's the plan, professor sent us the exams with the solutions. They're word files so we can just remove the solutions. I think I'll start this weekend because it's a lot of content. 
That’s the plan!
I’m not sure how it works but there was an article about cheap concessions at their stadium, I think beers are like $6.
Thank you!
The only contacts google shows when I view them are the same ones displayed on the phone. I don't use apple's service either. The only reason I think it's the phone is because when I switch devices those contacts no longer show up even if I restore from a backup. 
Don't the Falcons have beer for really cheap?
Watching games live is a fun experience but at home or at a bar you usually  get to "see" the game much better. 

Definitely a sociopath. 
It's weird that there's no option to delete contact history or whatever it'd be and I'm not resetting my phone over some sms contact history. 
I thought my stats class was easy till I learned that the final is cumulative. There's a lot of info all I don't remember and I'll probably need all of the allotted time. 
Lucky Baldwins when I'm in Pasadena. Having an english breakfast while while watching a match always goes down good. 
I have the window in the office open, I'm glad I'm always warm. 
idk why but my iphone still saves the number even if it's deleted from contacts. Write a new message and on the contacft field type the name and the contact info is there.
My Salamence got one hit in before dying and my Decidueye also got one hit in before dying. Sent out Zoroark and killed it with 2 Dark Pulses. Necorma kept spamming Photon Geyser even though it didn't work. 
Sweet sweet karma. This is posted at least once a week OP. 
I think one of the stations is Santa Monica. It’s like a green ovalish structure. 