The Productivity Funding Model instituted the the governor of Arkansas and the Arkansas Department of Higher Education, how it works, what's fucked up about it, and why the governing body of Higher Education in AR isn't qualified to implement it appropriately.
DID YOU KNOW NINTENDO STILL DOESN'T HAVE CLOUD SAVES AND AM I THE ONLY ONE HERE THAT WANTS A NEW MARIO GOLF AND POKEMON STADIUM AND POKEMON COLOSSEUM AND POKEMON SNAP AND 2D METROID AND ALSO HERE'S MY 25 PAGE THESIS ON WHY XENOBLADE CHRONICLES 2 SAVED MY MARRIAGE AND HERE'S THIS GAME CALLED STEAMWORLD DIG 2 THAT'S SO UNDERRATED I KNOW YOU'VE NEVER HEARD OF IT AND ALSO MY LEFT JOYCON DISCONNECTS AND ALSO DID YOU KNOW NINTENDO STILL DOESN'T HAVE CLOUD SAVES
This is one of those games where Gamer's Club Unlocked softens the blow.  20&#37; off makes a difference here, because, while it is a great game, I don't think $60 is the right price given what they've added.  After Mario Kart was more of a Game of the Year edition, this definitely seems like a step backwards.  At $48 with GCU \(or Amazon Prime, maybe, though I think they exempt remakes/re\-releases now, so I don't know\) it's more in line with what I believe is fair.  This is all personal opinion of course.  It's a great game, and if you haven't played it, I do believe you'll get your money's worth regardless of which price you pay.
If he was legitimately instrumental in bringing this about, I totally agree.  I dislike Trump immensely, but fair's fair. This is a great achievement that should be celebrated. Trump may stand for basically everything I despise, but that shouldn't mean he doesn't get credit for legitimately good things.  There are so many other reasons to dislike him, I don't see any issue with approving of one thing.
Well, Destiny is pretty simple. There's Destiny 2 and 1 DLC \(Curse of Osiris\) at the moment.  DLC 2 \(Warmind\) drops this week. That's it.  If you want to play the highest level stuff, you're going to need the latest DLC.  If you don't care about doing the highest level stuff, then it won't matter.  Destiny's DLC plan is very linear.
I had friends. They moved away for work. Now I'm thinking of downloading WoW. Do people still hang out in Dalaran?
I'm just explaining it to you. Not looking for an argument. Not to be rude, but your personal situations are irrelevant. What you did or what happened to you aren't really the point, and whether someone is lazy or not isn't the point. Honestly, nothing you said is particularly relevant to the issue of voter ID laws and why they are unconstitutional. You're basically just saying "people should stop being lazy." Which I guess is a fair general rule, but it's not really a good reason to do something unconstitutional.
They're not saying it's worth $1.  They're saying they're willing to pay you $1 for it. =P
Good.  I like that they do that.  As someone that's played Square Enix RPGs my entire life, they can fuck right off with how early they start showing games.  Nintendo says a game is coming in 2018?  I believe them, especially after Xenoblade miraculously didn't get delayed.  I won't believe Kingdom Hearts 3 is coming in 2018 until the end credits roll.
I believe the idea is that anything impeding someone's right to vote is essentially a poll tax \(or at least in the spirit of a poll tax\).  Generally, that impediment takes the form of an ID that costs money.  That's obviously a problem.  It's a poll tax in a very literal sense.  Another way is when you have to go somewhere inconvenient to get the ID, even if it's free.  This is less bad, but you're still basically charging people to vote.  The version here is even less bad, but at the end of the day, you're still discriminating against people with identifications.  You're forcing them to jump through hoops to exercise their constitutional right.  Hoops that others do not have to endure.  Even if it's free.  Even if they give it to you.  Even if they have workarounds.  At some points you are impeding their right to vote, even if only slightly, which is wrong, no matter how small of an annoyance it is.  You could argue it's not a big deal and you could even argue that it's not onerous, but that's not the point.  The point is that it's unconstitutional.
Just to play devil's advocate:  They are a business, not your friend.  They're going to offer you as little and sell it for as much as possible.  That doesn't make the deals or their prices good, but I don't know if I'd hate them for pretty standard business practices in this particular case.  Now, why are used games more than new ones with GCU?  Who the fuck knows.  Hate them for that.
Not to be "that guy" but honestly, is there a reason you don't just order a flashcart for that thing?
Yes, a lot.

Legend of Zelda Skyward Sword, Mass Effect 1 \(about 4\-5 times\), Persona 3, Persona 4, Final Fantasy XIII, Kingdom Hearts Re: Coded \(I fucking hate this game\), Kingdom Hearts 358/2 Days \(I fucking hate this game too\), Dragon Age Origins

I know there's more, but that's all I can remember off the top of my head. Some of them \(Persona 4 and Mass Effect series\) ended up being some of my favorites of all time when I got around to them.  Some of them \(the DS Kingdom Hearts games\) I hate so goddamn much for wasting that much of my life multiple times.
Well, Trump wasn't behind in the primary. He was behind in projections of the actual election 
Is it time to karma-grab on this topic again? I guess it is Tuesday...
It was a shitty horde mode and this looks exactly like that same kind of shitty horde mode.
I see they didn't learn anything from PoE.  Awesome.  Looks pointless and shitty, as usual.  Guess we can split the disappointment between Bungie and VV now, so there's that.

EDIT:  The salt is real.  Absolutely delicious.
You can already replay it. Just go to the Videos tab on Bungie's Twitch page.
Yes.
Original poll with methodology.  Probably should have posted this link instead.

[https://talkbusiness.net/2018/04/poll\-gov\-hutchinson\-leads\-jan\-morgan\-among\-gop\-primary\-voters/](https://talkbusiness.net/2018/04/poll-gov-hutchinson-leads-jan-morgan-among-gop-primary-voters/)
I guess it depends on what you consider "major".  I had a pilonidal cyst.  It was debilitating, though not life\-threatening.  I was in 11th grade when it started.  The top of my butt start hurting a little when I sat. I didn't think much of it. Then I had to start shifting to one butt cheek when I sat down.  I felt back there during a shower and noticed a small hole in my skin.  I thought I'd hurt myself or something.  I was really embarrassed to tell anyone.  Let me tell you from experience, it doesn't matter how old you are or whether your problem seems embarrassing, just get that shit looked at.

I remember when I finally had to tell my parents.  I was on the bus riding to school.  I was particularly uncomfortable that day.  I was having trouble making it through school days at that point.  Often asking to go to the bathroom just so I could get out of my seat and off my ass.  The bus hit a bump, I felt a popping sensation, and the worst pain I've ever felt in my life.  A searing, horrible shock at the base of my spine and top of my ass.  I fell over in my seat and nearly blacked out.  I had to call my parents and finally tell them what happened. The cyst had grown to baseball size.  They had to do surgery to cut it out and it left a hole in my ass that was over 10cm long, 7cm wide, and 6cm deep.  You could easily fit your fist in the wound \(I kept measurements as it healed and pictures\).  It was massive. The wound changes initially took an hour or more because even high doses hydrocodone couldn't dull the pain enough.  I had to be put on morphine for my initial wound change just to make it tolerable. I was down for 2 months trying to get it to heal. It didn't though.  I had to have 3 more surgeries, each one leaving new scars on my ass as each surgeon tried a different method.  I had surgeries from my 11th grade year in 2008 until October 2014, when my 4th surgery finally took.

If your ass hurts, just fucking tell someone.  Don't be a stupid teenager, embarrassed that you have an ass problem.

EDIT:  If you're wondering what the wound looks like as it heals up.

[https://photos.app.goo.gl/PYxuqNHQH7PZkRwI2](https://photos.app.goo.gl/PYxuqNHQH7PZkRwI2)
They were offering counseling too. I'm not entirely sure why. Overreacting to the current political climate, I guess.
The email they sent to staff about this didn't even have the video or explain the incident. It just said it was offensive. I had no idea anything even happened. No one seems to care. No one's mentioned it in person in any meetings I attended since it happened...
Oddly enough, this is a HUGE problem if you have had a pilonidal cyst.  My farts do this occasionally, and it is incredibly painful and scary, because it might actually reopen my surgical wound...
Except you can't trade a lot. You can only trade packs gained from tournaments, which aren't guaranteed to net you packs. Packs from anything else are trade locked.

And the ladders take many many games.

I didn't say it was impossible. I said it's unlikely. It is a huge time commitment to build 1 deck, not to mention the fairly quick release of new expansions. Again, not impossible, just unlikely. Do people do it? Yes. I never said they didn't. But it doesn't happen often. 

What you described is a huge undertaking. Tens of hours (maybe 100+) to build up tournament wins to get packs to trade for enough cards to make a viable deck. It's not something you'd do over a weekend.
I love Hue.  It's a really fantastic game.  Highly recommend for $1.
I work for the state of AR.  When I wanted a new desk I had to wait for someone to quit, bring a ratchet set, a screwdriver, and a dolly up to my workplace, take my old desk and their old desk apart myself, and move them myself.  Then I had to fill out a form for wet wipes to clean the dust off...
> It's unlikely that you'll ever make a viable deck without buying packs.

Didn't say it was impossible.  It's just ridiculously tedious. Between the hundreds of games you'd have to play and the luck you'd need, you're talking tens (if not 100+) hours to build a single good deck.  Go you for powering through.  After about 100 games, I stopped.  Sure, I didn't pay anything, and I had the beginnings of a deck, but it was an awful experience.
> Ask yourself if it's the gun toting, bible bashing, gay hating, closet racists calling the left a hate filled party?

I don't think I need to ask myself anything.  I already disagree with that viewpoint.  I was just commenting that there are people that obviously do not.  For whatever reason they believe everyone else is intolerant...somehow.


$23 if you add to cart, switch to shipping, then switch back to Ship to Store.
I'd actually say that the quality of the propaganda is irrelevant now, and that's a larger factor.  People can easily segregate themselves from the world at large through websites they visit, facebook pages, they like, people they follow on Twitter. It's easier than ever to just skew your worldview unconsciously.  Propaganda can be complete garbage, but if it's the only thing you ever see, it starts to sound reasonable.


Then again, I guess you could argue that's "really good propaganda" by definition, so I guess it's a bit of a semantics game.
Depends who you ask, honestly.  Apparently it's all about perspective.  I see a lot of people locally saying Democrats are the party of hate.  I can't say I quite follow the logic, but there are certainly people that believe it vehemently.
I get what you're saying.  It's unlikely that you'll ever make a viable deck without buying packs.  You can definitely play for free, but you'll be stuck with the theme decks forever, and the free theme decks are terrible.

I don't think you should be downvoted so far.  Poor choice of words, sure, but you definitely can't do much in this game without buying packs.  You can't even trade without buying packs because all packs and cards you get without codes from packs are trade-locked.
Eh, people fail those assessments all the time.  It's not a huge deal.  I had one guy that got through our interview process, but he was nice enough to tell me about 5 minutes into his skills assessment that he didn't know how to do any of it.

There was another woman that made me sit there the whole damn hour while she just looked at the screen.  She clearly had no idea what she was doing, but, as a way of being fair, I would only intervene in the assessment if the person decided to stop or had a clarifying question.  I'm convinced she'd never seen a lick of SQL in her entire life, but she made me sit there for an hour watching her poke around the IDE.  After she left, I realized she'd deleted my PERSON table and I had to regenerate the database for the next interview. >_>
Wait, I'm confused.  You freeze up during technical skills assessments or the Rembrandt Profile?  The Rembrandt Profile is just a personality test. As far as I'm aware, it's not that common.  I've never had to take one in my career at least.  Technical skills assessments are very common in technical professions though.  They generally cover some common topics in the field and are just meant to gauge if you were lying on your resume.  They don't generally go too in-depth due to time-constraints, but I've seen jobs have multiple interviews where 1 is a longer technical assessment.  I've done that with database jobs I've offered.  1 interview in a discussion format and another 1 hours assessment where I just sat people down at a database I'd created and gave them a list of questions/objectives to accomplish.
2 agents, not 2 serial killers
Duh
I'm not sure what you want from this sub with regards to job suggestions. Sounds like you know what you like. Go do one of those things.

As for leaving, line up another job and give 2 weeks. If you're feeling generous, tell them you've lined up another position and you'd like to help them with the transition and work out a more reasonable timeframe.
androidcentral busting up in here like the Kool-Aid guy with these totally not obvious and incredibly original opinions.

Seriously though, this site has basically become spam for me.  Between unnecessary article like this and their shitty "You should only buy the most expensive version of X thing" articles, I just can't stand reading their stuff.
Is premiering to over 100 million people simultaneously not good enough? =\
I have to disagree. It's not personal, but I just don't enjoy Jared. I feel bad, because he seems like a legitimately nice guy, but he makes my commute a slog. I've had to just stop listening to days he's hosting. I'm glad he's popular and other people enjoy him, I just don't.
> just $100 more

It's not *just* $100 for some people.  You're saying *just* like everyone just has it to throw around.  The difference between $100 and $200 is a lot of money to a lot of people.  It's not about performance or specs or "best bang for your buck".  It's about "what can I afford?"
You know what $200 is?  Not $100. =P
>With E3 **seemingly** getting closer

It's literally getting closer.  =P
No. Both of those games are terrible.  I have nostalgia for them, but they're just awful games.  The mechanics are bad (and based on Gen 3 meta), the stories are terrible, the Pokemon available are limited, the battles are slow, and they just look bad.
1. Paddled because I walked the 50-yard dash in elementary school.  We were supposed to run and get timed. I  was fat and slow and it was pointless, so just walked it.  They paddled me for insubordination.  I argued that there's no explicit rule that says I have to run, but apparently if a teacher tells you to run, you have to run...for some reason.

2. I got suspended because someone tried to hit me with a bottle and I swatted it away. I was suspended for throwing the bottle.  The guy even admitted that I was just swatting it away casually, no malice intended.  School said they had zero tolerance for violence and suspended me for 10 days.

3. I got suspended multiple time because I couldn't go to detention.  My dad worked shift work and couldn't take me and it was before I could drive.  If you didn't show for detention, the school would just keep increasing the amount of detention you received and eventually suspend you.  My dad would just tell them to skip the detention increase and suspend me.
No thoughts necessary. Pikmin 4 is already in development. Miyamoto said it was close to completion in 2015 and confirmed it is still kicking around in 2017.
I enjoyed it. It's very short, but a satisfying Metroid style game. You can easily finish it in an afternoon though, if that's an issue. Axiom Verge is more bang for your buck in that genre, but Xeodrifter is a quality game. It's easy to recommend at that price imo.
Well, at least we have a sane person running for governor this go around. Jared Henderson actually seems like a pretty swelly guy, and not just by Arkansas standards...
If you're single and you want minimum withholdings, it's a 2. 1 for you and 1 just because that's what the form says on the first line. If you want to withhold more and get a larger return, put a 1 or 0. When in doubt, 0 is never wrong. If you do minimum withholdings, it's possible you'll owe money to the IRS at tax time. If you you do maximum, you will get a larger tax refund, but you paychecks will be smaller. Personally, I do minimum withholdings, because I want my money as I make it and I don't care about my tax return, but there are a lot of people that just treat it as a savings account. Out of sight out of mind.
The only real standout here is Mario Kart 8. Odyssey and Zelda have both been quite a bit cheaper with GCU at BB. Granted, I realize not everyone has that, but without GCU, the prices matched this. So, not a bad deal, but it's been beat multiple times. Mario Kart 8 is a much rarer discount.
I commented this on his Facebook page, but it's relevant regardless.

--------------------------------
But what's the plan to get people to care about infrastructure, healthcare, and education? Arkansas seems like a prime example of cutting off your nose to spite your face. I don't have access to any kind of statistical data, but at the very least the loudest opposition to any programs like this would rather cut less regressive taxes (e.g. real estate) while possibly increasing or just leaving alone very regressive taxes (e.g. sales tax). You hear the argument over and over that lowering taxes leads to increased spending, but there's ample data to suggest that's not true, at least not in a way that makes up for the lost revenue (trickle-down, as the article says). How do you get people to understand that? "Greater Good" arguments seem to fall on deaf ears around here, at least anecdotally. Saying something like "increasing sales tax disproportionately hurts poor people" is often met with "I'm tired of poor people getting all the breaks." People often vote against their own self-interest. What's the strategy to stop that in Arkansas, where it's so intertwined with personal beliefs?
My partner and I are on our phones on every date we go to.  We play Pokemon Showdown against each other while we wait for our food...
I guess everyone is free too have their own opinion, but I thought it was a joke. The completely obvious green screen city. The weightless, horrible CG Ben Affleck jumping aound. The rubbery, toy-like parademon. It was some of the worst CG I've seen in years. I'm really shocked anyone thought it looked good, or even passable. I actually think it looked significantly worse that the Arkham games.
Is looking like a video game in a live action movie a good thing?
Sadly, seeing a Green Lantern for like 4 seconds was the best part of Justice League. I finally watched it earlier this week, and even with my exceptionally low expectations, I was still disappointed. The CG is so bad. The beginning, in Gotham, legitimately looks like a parody movie.
Frozen meals, while not exactly balanced in terms of macros, can be a good, easy way to start counting calories if you dislike cooking, like me. Pre-prepared portions, extremely easy to track, and there's a large variety.
I actually prefer video games to my SO lately. It's probably time for both of us to move on amicably.
Not arguing. Just saying there's a method to the madness. Also it's unreleased officially, so it's something they could add. I get that you personally have an issue.
On my S8, I can trigger a squeeze by jostling the phone around in my hand.  I imagine the threshold was put in place for cases like mine.  Some people may not be able to trigger as easily, but a threshold too low and you could certainly trigger without actually squeezing.
That doesn't really work too well because you can trigger that without actually squeezing at all.
Uncomfortable sex is a fantastic motivator to lose weight.  I'm too busy thinking about my man boobs to think about how awesome my partner is.  That's why I'm losing weight.
My cousin and her ex-husband are like a laundry list of bad examples.  They financed their rims...for their Honda Civic.  Neither of them had a full-time job, but they decided to buy a car with a $550/month payment.  They also financed all their furniture because they were too good for used furniture.  After she got a divorce she lost her job, moved in with some guy she'd cheating on her husband with and decided she wanted a baby, even though the new guy barely makes enough money for support himself.  So now they have a kid on the way, and last I heard they aren't getting along too well because she can't find a job.


My other cousin isn't as bad.  They actually have money, but they're just irresponsible with it.  They live a very extravagant life under the guise of being very professional, but it seems like it's complete bullshit.  They have a ridiculously nice house and nice things, but they were complaining about not being able to afford and epipen for their kid.  Maybe don't buy a $2000 couch or $200 mixing bowls?

I fucking hate my family.  I get shit on constantly for living below my means (No, I don't give a shit that my carpet is green shag from the 70s.  It came with the house and it's soft as fuck, goddammit) when those two fucktards can't afford basics for their children.  Fucking pisses me off.
Judging by your comment history, I think you've had a few too many red pills. :P
> Schools are sanctioning it

That's not true.

>It's actually students conforming to a government authority, by speaking a government approved opinion

If it was a government approved opinion, we'd already have harsher gun regulations.

>in a government approved venue

This is gibberish.  Gathering at a school is not "government approved".  It's just where they were and where the shootings happened.

>And that opinion is that they should have their own rights taken away

You're framing regulation as "loss of rights" which is technically true, but you're clearly using clever language to obfuscate that regulations are not inherently bad.

>government who's opinion they are expressing

If that were true, we'd already have harsher gun regulations.  Again, this is just gibberish.

>You have students marching with the sanction of the State

Not true.

>to demand less freedoms from the State

Valuing their own lives over easy access to assault weapons is a pretty easy choice.  You're free to frame it as "less freedom," but you know that's a disingenuous use of language.  Regulations are not inherently bad.

>and everyone is pretending like their doing so is brave and rebellious?

Protesting can be brave.  Diminishing it's value with all your conspiracy theory BS doesn't change that. They are bucking the trend of "sit down and shut up" and going against the wishes of people more powerful than themselves.

>You don't see the problem with this?

No.  Peacefully protesting against violence is not a problem. Protesting within the confines of the law is not a problem.  Asking for people to figure out solutions to problems is not a problem.  Making up conspiracy nonsense is an issue though.  Most of your points are just pulled from thin air, and your "loss of rights" stuff is just basic fear-mongering.  Reasonable regulations can save lives without reducing personal freedoms to an uncomfortable degree.  You're characterizing them as the a complete and total loss of personal freedom, when you know they aren't.  You're just using scary language to exaggerate.  I don't think you actually know what you're talking about.
I'm from Arkansas.  I remember getting paddled several times.  I often wonder what would have happened if they'd done it once I started having ass problems.  I had a baseball sized cyst near the top of my butt that I was too embarrassed to admit was a problem until it burst on a bus ride home one day.  Just the thought that it was even a remote possibility that I could have been hit during that particularly painful time is enough to make me shudder and abhor that we even consider hitting kids at school...
Having slogged through Dragon Quest 7, I still think I Am Setsuna is the most boring game I've ever played. I hate it, and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
Would love M+R!
There are two kinds of people.  Those that don't understand Final Crisis and liars.
No they don't. You're just repeating standard pro-gun talking points. Laying blame on others. Republicans control all branches of government. If they wanted "common sense" gun legislation, they could pass it.
Well, I don't believe they left campus. I did run across several people that don't quite understand what truancy is.  They marched out of class, but as far as I'm aware, stayed on campus, so they basically ditched class for 17 minutes.  Probably worth like 1 day of detention on a normal day.

To play devil's advocate though, if they were truant, you could arrest them. Being of legal age to drop out and actually going through the formal process are different.  Students that left campus would be committing a crime, at least in AR as I understand it.
"You should always stand up for what's right ^^^as ^^^long ^^^as ^^^you ^^^don't ^^^disagree ^^^with ^^^me !"
Ditching class for 17 minutes is like 1 day of detention on any normal day. =P
> However, I agree, that they just don't know what they're talking about, or advocating for.

They know exactly what they're advocating, you just disagree with it. =P
The protest is lawful. Ditching class might not be, but the protest itself is perfectly legal.
There are some bright spots. The Dem candidate for governor (Jared Henderson) seems like a pretty swell guy.
Well, technically I didn't hear it.  I read it on KATV's Facebook page.  Can't say I come across nearly as much of that sort of thing in my day-to-day, but I work for UALR, and universities are pretty liberal all around.
Southern. It's KATV's Facebook page.
Yeah, same news station posted an article about Stephen Hawking here.  The only comment was 

>And he did not believe in a good or any kind of after life at all. Just sayn.

It was very disappointing.
Never said I didn't regret it.  Just said it happened. =P
Yep. It's one of the local news stations.  Actually, it's the ABC news station, not even the Fox News station.
> Woah you've had a chord struck haha

See, again.  Minimizing as if I'm just ranting. There's nothing in my post to suggest anger or having a chord struck. I posted a pretty short statement, one that indicated I think this is all kind of entertaining. But you're trying to characterize it as something it's not.  You're trying to be dismissive and give extra meaning to your own post so as to make me seem less reasonable.  I'm not mad, and you're post is what it is.  It's fine.  I'll take the downvotes for disagreeing, as I knew I would, but you could at least nut up and stop this silly self-aggrandizing charade.
You are literally taking a criticism of the game and trying to impress upon people why that criticism is irrelevant.

Criticism: The game is too easy

You: Here's a list of reasons why people with that opinion are wrong.

I mean...come on.  You don't have to pretend like you're doing something else.  It's clearly a popular tactic on this sub.  Why deny what works? Minimizing dissenting opinions is a huge karma gain here.  You clearly know that. Embrace it.  Personally, I think it's a bit sad and pathetic that you have to justify why other people's thoughts aren't as meaningful as your own, but hell, you can't argue with results.  I'm getting downvoted and you're not.  Enjoy the echo chamber effect.
I love when a game comes out that's just ok and this sub scours the internet for quantifiable proof as to why opinions are irrelevant and the game is actually perfect. Dismissing legitimate criticisms is like a cult on /r/NintendoSwitch
Oh boy do people have some opinions on this here in AR.  I've been reading the facebook page of the local news and it's a huge clusterfuck.  There are people calling for students to be expelled and arrested.  There are people saying they are deviants.  There are people saying they should shut up and learn their place in society (and that person didn't appreciate when I pointed out that's an eerily similar argument to the ones made during MLK's day about equality). There are people saying they'll beat their kids for protesting and calling other parents irresponsible or stupid (or worse) for "letting" their kids protest.  There's people saying they can't protest because they aren't in charge (which is kinda the point of protesting, isn't it?).  There's people saying these kids are just ditching class for no reason and none of them even know why they're doing it.  There's people saying these kids are too stupid to understand what they're doing. There's people calling them all sorts of foul names and dismissing their actions because it infringes on their 2nd amendment rights (somehow).


Let me tell you, folks, I've read some fucked up shit in the last 48 hours regarding this peaceful, lawful protest, and I can honestly say I'm incredibly disgusted at the level of vitriol, at the unsympathetic and dismissive attitudes, at the juvenile name-calling, at the finger-pointing bullshit, and at the complete, utter, morally repugnant responses that grown fucking adults are slinging at these kids that just don't want to get murdered. 
I don't think anything in his description would lead me to believe she's anywhere near a CPA level.  That's a very very large commitment.  Just saying "tax office" makes it sound more like a seasonal job at H&R Block or something on that level.  I'm not saying it's bad advice, but based on what's written here, that doesn't seem like a relatively quick transition.
This is an example of a difference of opinion, for the record.
We'll have to agree to disagree. I don't think that's combat. It's just part of the platforming. A good part, but I'd say the parts where you're forced to use it for combat are some of the worst in the game, and the parts where you can use it to avoid combat are much better.
Honestly, I don't have one.  My job is pretty safe (at the moment) simply because the skill set is rare in Arkansas.  Not a lot of SQL programmers wandering around higher-ed around here (or anywhere, to be honest).  The reporting needs of higher-ed have ballooned recently, but they haven't invested in the infrastructure or expertise necessary to accomplish any of it.  As a result, it can be pretty lucrative (and easy) to get some pretty cushy jobs programming SQL, using SSRS/Tableau/Argos/PowerBI/etc., SSIS, or just ad hoc reporting and DBA work.

It'd be great to get the hell out of AR though...
People like DeVos are why I'm scared for my job in Higher Education.  I'm not an instructor, but I work in Institutional Research.  Shit's kinda bleak at the moment.
There were only 3 last week.
To be fair, combat in like 50% of metroidvanias feels tacked on. There are exceptions like Hollow Knight for Guacamelee, but then there's Wuppo and Ori and the Blind Forest, where it's just totally forgettable.

EDIT:  I'm learning that several people maybe kinda sorta have a really low bar for what's considered "good" combat.
I have a few.

1. Slept with my stepbrother a lot.
2. Stalked and harassed a guy I was obsessed with.
3. Had drunk sex in a dorm room with the lights on and the blinds not shut all the way  The window beside us was very large, and it was not even remotely hard to see what was happening in there. The guy was ugly.
4. Got caught with porn by my stepmom because I accidentally brought up my download history, not even realizing what I was doing.  She asked me why I downloaded those pictures and I told her "because videos take too long to download."  I don't know why, but that didn't help the situation (though my dad thought it was funny).

There's more, but these stand out at the moment.
There's a misconception that Atheists do not like god, or hate god. It's a really common thought among Christians. They can't really fathom that Atheists have no feelings towards god. It's understandable, if silly from our perspective. They believe this thing is real and responsible for all goodness. Anyone that doesn't believe that (whether it be a lack of belief or an actual anti-belief) must have some kind of hatred in their heart, or they'd see the truth.


Unfortunately, there's not a lot you can do. They are essentially brainwashed. Logic doesn't play much of a role in it.
If you're planning on reading comics through Comixology, it's worth noting that there is no dedicated Windows 10 app.  You can only read from the web browser, so you'll need an internet connection to read your books, unless you use something to scrape the books off Comixology for you.  But if you do that, the quality goes down, so it's a bit of a crapshoot.
Everyone wants to get laid. I'm perfectly happy to have sex as a motivation. I feel gross when I have sex with my partner. I want to go at it constantly, and I'd like my mind to be thinking about something other than my man boobs during sex.
I don't care what they think. I care what I think about feeling my man boobs trying to drag me to hell every step of a jog.
HOLY FUCK
Just Octopath Traveler now.
Man that's a lot of remakes and re-releases...
I saw a local news post on my Facebook feed yesterday about this tariff subject.  Someone said they were glad because getting rid of foreign products would finally stabilize the US economy.  I don't even understand how someone can be so deluded...
>Justin Bieber version 

Like it's him speaking Spanish for 98% of the song.
I love anal, but it's never felt great going in initially. There's always a some pain no matter how often I do it.
That's the weird thing about this. What was the point?  The overwhelming majority of able-bodied people work.  Is this just targeting some insignificantly small portion of people that are able-bodied and lazy?  Now that that small fraction of people can't go to the doctor regularly, won't they just wait for an emergency and end up costing more than if they'd just gone to the doctor initially?...
STEM and regionally high-demand  vocational schools is free in Arkansas via the AR Future Grant.  Not a perfect solution, of course, but it's an option to get the training and boost the enrollment of schools.  Not a lot of people take advantage of that, actually.
I'd gotten a job I really enjoyed, but I was really unhappy personally.  I just saw an /r/loseit post somewhere and I was like "Fuck this" and just started.  I'm pretty much subsisting off frozen food at the moment because I hate cooking, but I'm keeping around 1200 calories per day and I've lost 7lbs in 2 weeks.  It's been surprisingly easy. I don't know why.  I guess I was just legitimately fed up with myself finally.
Just get a cheap bluetooth headset, damn.  I have a pair of MPOW headphones that wrap around my neck like the expensive LG and Samsung ones you see everywhere.  $20 on Amazon all the time.  Problem solved.
I never actually thought about ordering a pizza without cheese.  Apparently half a medium with spinach, chicken, and mushrooms is only 560 calories from Dominos.  That's good to know for when I'm traveling and having issues finding food.  Congrats OP and thanks for the idea!
select * from PERSON

There ya go. You're a database programmer.
Yeah, anything to get your foot in the door.  If you just list your non-related experience, then you'll just have to cross your fingers that they take a risk on someone with seemingly no demonstrable skills in the field.  This is the time to get creative and think of all the various things you've done throughout the years that may be relevant to this job and find a way to put them on your resume.  Whether that be in your education section, or whether you make some kind of "Relevant Experience" section just for listing what you can do.  Or expand the relatively common "Skills" section to not only list skills, but also specific accomplishments that don't fit into your Work Experience section.
Really great game.  Loved all of it, except the ending.  As /u/sikilikis says, it's a non-ending.  It's really bad.  I think they were going for ambiguous in an attempt to make you think, but the only thing you'll think is "that's it...?".  Still, the game itself is excellent.  Slower than a lot of modern metroidvanias, but just put together really well and enjoyable all the way through.
>"Once that marijuana was mixed with the butter then the whole butter becomes marijuana, and that's what we weighed," Sims said.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pbfa8Wp20q0
She should have watched this video. :(

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pbfa8Wp20q0
I couldn't imagine.  That was just upper-level undergrad.  I have my bachelor's in math, and I had ideas about getting a graduate degree of some sort, but I have no interest in research, so I just went into database programming instead. It was a pretty natural fit given the math experience.
Just gotta pop over to an alternate reality and grab another.
I'm not a huge Superman fan, but I picked up that Road to Rebirth Superman: Lois & Clark book when it was on sale at some point just to give it a shot.  That's is a damn good book.  I really really enjoyed the family dynamic, and while I still don't read Superman, that book and American Alien are 2 of my favorite recent graphic novels.
Well, I don't know if it was a date, but I was hooking up with some guy, and in the middle of getting into things I left to go do math homework.  I was in Abstract Algebra, and I guess having sex just let me have an epiphany about a homework problem I was having issues with.  I left to go sketch out the proof, but I came back and we went at it.
Okay, maybe I used some exaggerated language. It's probably not as dour as I made it out to be, but it would be in a higher position, and I think acting appropriate now will help later. References are a thing, and you don't want to screw yourself over long term. I still don't think it's a positive situation OP has put themselves in, but I guess there are worse things to have some in the service industry.
Not going to happen.  If they aren't budging on Paper Mario, they definitely aren't budging on Mario RPG.  Plus, Mario & Luigi is technically that series.  It's even called Mario & Luigi RPG in Japan.
Added your RSS to Pocketcasts. Giving it a listen on my commute home.  Thanks for sharing. :)
I don't know.  I put like 80 hours into it, ran out of things to do, then just went and played something else.  People want it to be an MMO, but it's not.  Bungie isn't helping by pretending it is though.  They keep talking about keeping it live and ongoing, when there's clearly not enough content to maintain that kind of game.  If you just take it for what's there, and ignore the bullshit surrounding it, the game is a fun, interesting multiplayer game. It's probably one of the best games to play with friends, considering how easy it is to jump in at any point and play with each other.  It's just not a game with a lot of longevity.
Wow, go you!  You look incredible.  This is the kind of stuff that's really inspiring.  Congratulations. :)
Scares the shit out of me.  I wake up in the middle of the night with panic attacks pretty often.  It's super annoying.  I wake up and have this harsh, terrible realization that I won't exist one day. It makes my chest hurt like I'm having a heart attack.  I know I'm going to die one day, and I know my last moments will be filled with dread and fear and then I will cease to exist. It's the worst thing I can possibly imagine.
Tough call, but I'd say Pokemon at the moment.
This sounds like something The Onion would make up...
Is the position even open still?

You really shouldn't ignore phone calls from potential jobs just because you found something else.  They asked you to call them back because they were interested, and you responded to that interest with a firm answer of "I don't care" by not even returning the call.  I'm not going to sugarcoat it.  That was rude, and I don't see a scenario where someone would give you a job after you stiffed them for no reason.  You could have at least let them know you'd found another position, but you'd keep them in mind for the future, and that you appreciated their consideration.


I don't see any scenarios where this works out for you.  You could try following up now, if the position is still open.  I'd apologize profusely about not returning their call originally, and ask very nicely if you can still be considered for the position, assuming it's still open.  Maybe phrase it as if you were asking if you need to reapply?  "I was wondering if I could still be considered based on my previous application, or if I'd need to reapply.  I was not sure as it hasn't been long since I originally applied."  Something along those lines.

For future reference, you can always turn down an interview if something else works out, and it NEVER hurts to hear another offer.  You made a rookie mistake, and I hope you won't do that again.  Always listen, never ignore.  As you're finding out now, that's a recipe for a major fuck up.
Cool.  Thanks for the feedback.  Much appreciated. :)
I think a lot of people thought I was saying "cooking is hard," or "I can't cook."  But I know how to cook. I'm not even bad at it, at least according to people that have eaten my cooking.  I just hate doing it with every fiber of my being. =P
Is the single player in this worth $10?  I don't really care about the multiplayer, but I haven't played a shooter in quite awhile. I  kinda miss the genre.
Oh, I really like that idea!
> It's not that hard to learn to cook one portion at a time

Not to be argumentative, but I didn't actually say it was hard.  I just said I hate cooking.  I know how to cook. =P
I just have some weird aversion to eating leftover.  I mean, they're better than frozen food, but for some reason, I just don't tend to eat leftovers. That's why I just go out or do frozen. It's more expensive by weight, for sure, but I won't waste it at least.  I know that's not a good excuse, and I'm not trying to rationalize it.  It's just how I work.  A pre-portioned meal is just less likely to go to waste.
How do you freeze things like soup or sauce? Just dump it in a freezer bag?
I have a crockpot.  I never use it though. By "dump and go," do you me pre-prepared, or things where I still have to have all the spices and ingredients?
What do you guys do if you hate cooking?  I legitimately despise cooking.  I will cook occasionally, but I just hate every second of it, even if I enjoy the finished product.  Do you feel it's alright to stick with frozen stuff?
Shit, 13 students have been arrested in Arkansas since the Florida shooting.  It's getting crazy.  They're arresting multiple a day for making threats.  So far most of them have been false alarms, but it is getting taken very very seriously here.

Source: http://www.arkansasmatters.com/news/local-news/student-arrests-rise-to-13-in-ar-school-threats/981977260
Everyone has to start somewhere.  I lost like 90lbs, gained almost all of it back and felt terrible, and now I'm starting over again.  I know from experience that if you're dedicated you can achieve your weight loss goals. It's not easy at first, but it gets easier the longer you do it.  It's a great feeling to succeed, and if you keep counting, eat moderately and move more, you'll get there before you know it! :)
I lost 93lbs, but over the last year, I've gained back almost 70lbs.  I got stuck in a job I hated, away from my partner and home. I'd just gotten into a miserable situation.  I'm now in a job I love, and I've been there for about a month.  It's time to get back into the swing of things.  I feel good about my life again, and I'd like to feel good about myself again as well.  Hopefully I can be successful.  Today is the first day of tracking what I eat, and I'll be going for a 30 minute walk after work. :)
Is there a minimum number of adjectives where you just stop and say someone is mentally deranged instead?

EDIT:  Heh, I guess not.  I always forget this is actually an anti-religion sub. Keep thinking it's an atheist sub. Name's confusing.
He looks like he's about 5 years away from being The Comedian...
Poor Atom.  Also duh for Jason.  Though anyone else think it's weird that he's wearing a mask under his mask? 
What's young? I'm 26 making about $70k, but I disagree with this statement.  Not everyone works in the tech field.  This is basically the old "bootstraps argument," which we know doesn't hold up to scrutiny. Congratulations to your field, but that's one field. You're making a broad generalization based on a small sliver of job opportunities and a projection. I'm not entirely sure why you think your experience is applicable to all fields and all people. Trying hard just doesn't cut it for a lot of young workers.
The faculty and staff at UALR were super pissed off about this on their internal listserv.  It's the longest topic I've seen.  Some of the responses were pretty funny, actually.  I'm a relatively new employee there, and I was enjoying that particular email chain.  Lots of creative ways to work around curse words.
It really depends. There are a few I've replayed. I wouldn't say it's super common.  I think, since I made that comment, I've kinda come to the conclusion that I'll buy a game for the Switch if I know I'm going to be away from my computer for longer than a day or 2.  So when I go on a trip or something, that's when I'll buy a game I've wanted on Switch.  But if I know I'm going to be home and I want to play a particular game I don't own, I'll just grab the PC version.
I guess I'll be in the minority.  I really disliked this issue.  I had absolutely no idea what was going on, and I wish Morrison was not involved in this at all.  I think the issue felt convoluted on top of a plot that was already trying to juggle too much, and I thought there was way too much prior knowledge needed to enjoy the book.  I understand some people enjoy this sort of thing, and I'm not disparaging you for your dedication to comic books, but I absolutely hated almost everything about this issue and it represents my biggest issue with writers like Grant Morrison.  I think he's purposefully confusing and obtuse, and I don't think it benefits this event or this issue.

As an example, page 10, the second panel.  The entire spiel is indecipherable nonsense.  I totally own that it's my own ignorance of current continuity that I don't understand what's going on, but I think it's kind of unfair to expect everyone reading this to be in the know on all this stuff without providing some kind of "recommended reading" list or something prior to releasing the event.
See, I disagree with this justification.  It takes almost no effort for me to complain.  It's one of the major benefits of the internet.


How bad my day will be isn't even a consideration.  I don't think that's a consideration by anyone complaining, ever.  I mean, how bad does my comment make your day that you have to bother sticking up for OP?  Clearly no one agrees with me and I'm getting downvoted. Why would OP bother responding to a comment that's so obviously in the minority?  You both did it because you could and it took very little effort.

Honestly, it is a lazy post.  It's literally logos on a white background.  Polygon wouldn't even bother posting this shit.  But /r/NintendoSwitch eats shitty posts up and thanks Nintendo for the privilege of reading the 800th "Am I the only one that wants X on Nintendo Switch?" post, because this subreddit is delusional.  Which is fine.  But I don't see the point in pretending otherwise.
People are free to karma whore and make lazy posts. You're free to disagree with me.  It's fine.  I don't mind the downvotes.  It is what it is.  I think posting a picture with game logos for no particular reason is bad content.  Maybe I'm just a negative person.  There's not really a place for playing devil's advocate in this sub. It's basically either get positive or fuck off, which is fine.  That's why I don't post here often.  Point being, I don't dispute that people will find pictures of game logos informative.  There are many pointless things people will find informative.  There will always be people that aren't up-to-date on everything.  Putting lazy garbage like this up every time a game is announced is not a solution to that.  I'm glad you found it useful. It doesn't change my opinion that /u/Mr_Pennybags is posting lazy, low-quality crap.
Well, I started looking for new jobs the second day. I didn't get an interview for about 2 months, and another month before I started, so 3 months total.

I'm a SQL programmer and report developer.  I specialize in institutional research in higher education.  I worked at a community college for several years, and I wanted to move up to the big leagues.  At the CC I was a manager, but I took a small pay cut and a lower position at a much larger university because I needed experience at the university level if I wanted to significantly advance my career and my earnings potential.  I was hired at $45k to develop reports and write some SQL.  On the face of it, it seemed like a simpler version of the job I had, just on a larger scale.  I was told there was another developer that had already started developing their reports and that I would be assisting him.  I assumed, given the size of the university, that the other programmer must be a seasoned vet making more than me, especially given the scope of the projects that needed to be done.  I was excited to have a co-worker that could teach me new stuff, as I was always self-taught.


When I got there, the other "programmer" was some guy that had been doing SQL for 11 months and working in that position for 11 months. He was basically brand new.  He didn't know shit. His queries were a mess, his reports were incomprehensible, and he was actually making less money than me and I was supposed to be training him.  He had also not "started" anything.  He was in the "playing around with it" phase.  They needed all their old stuff migrated out of a depricated system into Oracle SQL (which I also didn't know they had, because all my experience was in the MS Stack) and reports to be created.  It was a HUGE migration and they'd hired some 45-year old with no experience and me with like 4 years experience at the time, both of us making under $50k.  It was complete bullshit.


I told my boss I'd be looking for other employment the second day unless he was ready to get me training in Oracle and their reporting solution (Argos) and give me a $20k pay bump to compensate for training the other guy.  He said he couldn't do any of that, so I piddled around, helped out with some stuff, but I was very honest. They weren't paying me enough to do what needed to be done, and I wasn't qualified to do it without some training anyways.  They needed someone with like 10 years of experience and a solid background in Oracle.  I have no fucking clue what they thought they were going to accomplish with me and that other guy.
You're welcome.
It is lazy.  There is literally nothing of substance here. It's just "hey look, time passed and games are coming out at some point.  Upvote me."
I'm sorry, but I have to disagree with all of this.  You may trust students, but I don't.  Under stress, people do stupid things. Putting a bunch of people under stress in one location and allowing them all to have guns is just not a good solution.  Being "responsible enough to go to college" is a garbage justification. Going to College is not hard.  Getting into Harvard or succeeding is hard, but just going is trivial.  Going to college or university does not make you a responsible adult. It doesn't make you immune to stress or irrational thinking. And even if you are both of those things, it doesn't make the people around you either of them.  Congrats for UT.  Maybe nothing will happen.  Maybe the next accidental discharge won't kill anyone.  Maybe the students will all rationally band together and shoot the correct person if there's ever an active shooter on campus.  Maybe someone won't overreact and shoot someone.  Maybe it's very likely nothing bad will happen.  I don't think it's worth the chance, personally.

I'm not saying people can't be responsible. I'm saying I'd rather not play the odds.
I will never not downvote crappy, lazy, pointless posts like this.  Literally just a random sentence with a meaningless image that's been posted multiple times.  I appreciate the positivity of this sub most of the time, but this kind of post is worthless and shouldn't be allowed.
I didn't say every school. :p

I said every school I've worked for.
There's no confusion. Everyone is in on it...

And as I've stated to others with this same silly reasoning, active shooters are not there to cause confusion. They aren't there to succeed in killing people and escaping. They are there to terrorize and murder. Confusing everyone would not accomplish those goals. Active shooters are not logical or reasonable. They want to quickly kill people before the police arrive, knowing they will be stopped and/or killed. It's not a movie. They just want people dead.
By that logic and assembly or drill would be dangerous. People would always be gathered and unsuspecting.

Shooters are not trying to be secretive or clever. They aren't rational people. They are trying to kill people quickly before the police arrive. Using active shooter training as a cover, when cops are already around and people know when to expect to hear a simulated gunshot is probably the worst time. There's no logical behind these actions anyways. You're ascribing a level of thoughtfulness to these shooters that just doesn't exist. This is not a movie.
By that logic we could never have any drills or assemblies. They would always be the most opportune times. People gathered, unsuspecting...
That's actually an ongoing argument in Arkansas. We have open carry, but currently I believe they leave it up to the school to determine the policy. I don't think students should have them. I'm iffy on staff. I understand people can disagree, and that's fine, but students are emotional wrecks during stressful times, and I don't think they should have weapons of any kind on campus.
Totally agree.  But they do, and students die as a result.  Better to know what you're in for in a controlled environment.
Different places? I've worked in mostly low-income, high crime areas.  We treat it as an eventuality, not a possibility.  It's important to know what you'll hear in that situation.  And even if you don't use a blank, you can still simulate gunfire through various other means, so I don't think you're being entirely accurate here.

And I don't think I commented on whether is was new or old.
So you do everything but the simulated gunshot?  You made it sound like you wouldn't consider active shooter training at all.  Simulating gunshots isn't required.  Videos can be fine, and they normally have someone doing the simulating for you.  Some schools simulate the shots, some don't.  I was saying Active Shooter training is common, not necessarily all the parts I described.  But Active Shooter training does often involve some kind of simulated gunshot whether it be from a blank, a pop-gun, some kind of sound system, a video, or even just slamming a book on the floor.
I've had 2 with simulated shots and 1 without.  I mean, it's nice to know what a gunshot sounds like from a distance. It's less boom-y than you'd think.
We may do a semi-surprise fire drill.  In that, we may tell everyone what day or week it will occur, but maybe not the exact timing, but I've never heard of a surprise Active Shooter drill.  You block out like half a day and make sure everyone's aware of something like that.
2 of the 3 schools where I've worked have been in high crime areas (Pine Bluff, AR and Little Rock, AR).  Active shooters are more of an inevitability than a risk.  It sucks to say that, but it's just the reality of the locations.  The other school (Jonesboro, AR) had a legitimate threat not too long ago.  I believe he planned to light his truck on fire and shoot some students and himself with a shotgun, but changed his mind. This was in 2015.


http://katv.com/news/local/a-state-reports-active-shooter-on-campus
I'm sorry, I'm not following.  Active Shooter training is very standard.  You can get some information on it from the Department of Homeland Security as well.
I think you've misunderstood. My edit above should clarify that these are not done at random with no preparation.
Seems odd.  It's a legitimate risk, and active shooter training is pretty standard stuff.  Even just watching a video or something is pretty straightforward.  I'm not entirely sure why a school wouldn't even plan for the possibility of a shooting. Schools are required to have an Active Shooter plan (along with things like Tornado and Fire), and the Department of Homeland Security provides guidelines.  I'm not entirely sure why having a drill with blanks is so crazy.
It's about Androids and life and shit. The gameplay is about beating the shit out of robots because Androids have feelings and robots look weird in makeup.  Also it's deep and meaningful.
Isn't the PC version still busted?
Last time it hit $30, it went out of stock almost immediately a lot of places.  It was marked down to $30 from like Black Friday onward, and it never came back in stock near me. ;c
Blank = cartridge that has gunpowder, so you hear the bang, but no bullet.

You use blanks in the drill so you can know what to listen for without causing any physical damage.
No one is going to run through a school firing blanks without some warning.  Even fire drills, while somewhat random, are planned and students and teachers are made aware in advance, though maybe not the exact moment.

Active shooter training is more involved than "Calmly walk to your safe zone," which is the basically a school fire drill. It needs to be set up, as it normally involves having police come to assist.  It's not random at all.  It's a planned activity to help students understand what they may hear or see, not to surprise them.  Fire is pretty universal.  Gunshots aren't. Different tactic for different emergencies.
Everyone needs to survive.  That's the idea.  Or at least as many people as possible need to survive.  You go over how to escape, how to barricade yourself, and, in the event that you can't run or hide effectively, how to fight your attacker and hopefully have as few casualties as possible.  It's the grim reality of working at schools these days. If someone comes in with a gun and they want to kill people, they'll kill people. There's nothing you can do but learn how to survive in the event you were lucky enough not to be in the shooter's sight.
I'm sorry but just to clarify, are you under the impression that these are surprise drills?
This happens routinely. I'm a staff member at a University, and I've worked at 2 other schools.  Every school has had active shooter training for staff, faculty, and students, and it often involves using blanks.  It helps people understand, as many have never heard a gunshot outside of hunting rifles.  Schools take it very seriously.

EDIT:  I just want to clarify that these drills are not random or surprising.  I did not realize when I initially typed this how many people would interpret it that way.  These drills are planned activities. Students, faculty, and staff know in advance, police are notified, and an Active Shooter trainer generally gives a speech about what to expect prior to the event.  We don't just have some random staff member running down the hall with a fake pistol pretending they're going to kill people.
I see that you already called, but for future reference, if you have a call or interview scheduled, and they are supposed to be the ones doing the contacting, it's perfectly fine to shoot them a call if you haven't heard anything within an hour of the agreed upon time.  Odds are they got sidetracked or, if it's a group interview, were having a hard time hunting down the participants from their hiring committee. I don't know how many times I was late calling a potential hire because one of my committee members wandered off and I couldn't find them.
> it's about changing your eating habits for life.

Right.  That's what I said.  I don't think Keto is conducive to this goal.
That's what I was thinking.  Bayonetta 2 is really great.  Nier is as good but stacks a lot more great stuff on top of that.  I'd say in light of Nier, Bayonetta is less impressive. Not worse, just lesser.

EDIT:  And for the record, the reviews on IGN were done by 2 different people.  At the end of the day, reviews are subjective, and those 2 people had 2 different opinions on the same game at different times.
Oh yeah, advice is fine. I don't actually mind going to the gym. My job has a gym on campus that's free.  I don't have a great excuse, but I've only been here about 3 weeks, and just haven't had the chance/gumption. Still trying to get used to the commute.

Food though, that's where shit hits the fan.  I fucking hate cooking.  But yeah, I did the MFP thing and counted it all.  I worked out a lot.  I've done all that, successfully. But I have a tendency to fall off the wagon hard. Like, if I miss one day or have a cheat day, it easily turns into a week or a month.  It's weird.  Like I said, I don't have a good excuse, but that's my experience. One might say "well then just don't have cheat days," which is great advice, and is totally what I should do, but I don't. =P
Actually, I really enjoy going to the gym.  But I left the bad job and now I have a long commute.  Love the new job.  Much happier. But with the new commute, it's been difficult to find time for cooking, working out, personal time for hobbies, time with my partner, etc.  Life-work balance is off at the moment, post-shitty job.
I'm guy, but I understand the sentiment.  Also, while I understand that keto does get results, and quickly, I don't think it's sustainable. There's no good way to stop, and that sub is often filled with people telling others to ignore the advice of health professionals and playing armchair nutritionists.  I'm not saying people don't get results, but I don't think it's a long-term solution.
> Gym.

Oh yeah, totally.  I have no excuse.  I worked at a university that even had a health program for staff and free gym membership.  I even lived on campus across the street from the gym.  I'm just a lazy fuck that was in a bad mood.
I'm iffy on this one.  I was iffy on Crash as well, but I think Crash has a simpler gameplay style that makes it a little more timeless than Spyro. Spyro, at least in my mind, would need a lot more work to be modernized.  Crash has the fixed camera and straight path.  Spyro really suffers from being an early 3D platformer.  I remembered it controlling and feeling really good...until I tried to replay it a couple years ago. It's a rough game.  That being said, if they put in the work, there's no reason this can't be a solid remaster, though I don't think it will be given the same praise as Crash, simply because of the style of the game. When you have Mario Odyssey, A Hat in Time, and (to a lesser extent) the updated version of Yooka-Laylee out there, it's a little more difficult to stack up when the game will still fundamentally be a collect-a-thon platformer.
I'm fat. I'm legitimately surprised that my partner still wants to have sex with me.  I definitely would not have sex with me.  Fat people, including me, are just not attractive. Go him for being a chubby chaser, I guess, but he's hot and could do way better than me in the looks department.

I was on my way to being less fat by a significant margin at one point though.  Lost about 90lbs over 3 years. Then got a job I hated, had to move away from my partner and only commute home on the weekends.  Sitting in my empty apartment, dreading every single day, and having nothing to do but video games (which I can only play so much in a given day) just made me uncontrollably hungry. I definitely should have nipped that in the bud before it became a problem, but I've gained like 70lbs at this point. >_>
I've recently learned that if you point out that Nokia doesn't make any phones and isn't selling phones, but HMD does, people will downvote you. It's interesting and confusing.
Who even cares? It's a good phone made by a good company. Why is it a negative to point that out? I'm super confused by the negative response to my comment. It makes no sense.
No it's not. They're two completely separate companies that just have a licensing agreement. This is legitimately stupid. It shouldn't even matter. Is there like an anti-HMD club or some weird cabal of marketing accounts downvoting comments making the distinction? It's just a simple fact that shouldn't Garner downvotes or upvotes. At what point did "technically correct" become worse than "completely wrong"?
No, because Google is a subsidiary of Alphabet. HMD and Nokia are not the same company.  HMD has a licensing agreement with Nokia to produce phones with Nokia branding.  Nokia has nothing to do with the updates or production of these phones.  They just licensed their name.

EDIT:  And Juho Sarvikas (the twitter, linked) is CPO of HMD.  He's not employed by Nokia either.
>HMD Global* is starting to roll out Android 8.1 to the Nokia 8.

FTFY

EDIT:  Do people not know that HMD is not the same as Nokia?  HMD is doing all the great work on these phones. Nokia is just licensing their name. =\
That was a really solid issue. It was tense, it had some good character moments, a couple moments of levity, and some interesting plot development. This may be the most well-rounded issue of the series so far. I've been enjoying the series overall, but something about this particular issue makes it stand out.
I work at a university.  So many people (students and staff) brag about their ACT scores.  Like, it's fine that you got a 33 or what the fuck ever, but it doesn't matter.  It's not even a good indicator of success.  I work in institutional research, and it's pretty well-established that high school GPA, regardless of how rigorous your high school education actually was, is a much better indicator of success in higher education.  Granted, many people with higher ACTs also have good GPAs, but lower ACT scores with good GPAs do much much better than higher ACT scores with lower GPAs.


Also, truthfully, the only meaningful way to make a large number of students succeed is to influence "grit", which is not quantifiable, and can really only be influenced with like personalized life coaching. So for us on the backend, it's all just fucking random.

Point being, your ACT stopped being impressive to anyone about 0.1 milliseconds after your applications for admission and scholarships were processed.
It can. Depends on how you reach out, what you say, etc. Sending a courtesy email isn't a big deal. Your standard "excited for the opportunity" type thing. But if you make a personal phone call to someone hiring for a position at another EOE, they could open themselves up to a lawsuit if you're hired. It's unlikely, but managers at EOEs would rather talk to you in an official capacity. Off the record stuff is generally a no-no pre-interview. It's just a safety measure. It can't look like you had social privileged or access that others didn't.
I don't know if that happens in the comics, but what you're describing definitely happens in the Justice League animated show.
I don't buy anyone anything.  Sometimes I feel a little bit mean for it, then I buy myself a video game and forget.
That was like 6 months ago. It wasn't even a rumor.  It was just a fake Target listing.
All you can really do is keep applying.  It's possible they are an EOE and they are having issues getting enough applicants so they just keep having to post the job until they get a large enough candidate pool.  I don't know if I'd call.  If they are an EOE and you reach out personally, you could disqualify yourself because, if hired, they could be seen as having a bias towards you, and they'd be open to being sued.

I really don't know a professional way to contact a hiring official and ask "hey, why aren't you interviewing me?"

I wouldn't read too much into the reposting though.  It's not uncommon, and it's not uncommon to to put off contacting potential hires until you have enough people to interview.  Perhaps they had enough the first time, none of those panned out, and now they don't have enough applying.
I agree, but that's not the comparison the OP made, so that's not the point I tried to address. He just said "it's a port of a 2014 game," but that, in and of itself, is not a good reason that the game looks worse than others.
> without realizing that it's a port and the game itself came out in 2014

I agree that graphics aren't all that's important, but I don't think this argument holds up. Mario Kart 8 came out in 2014. So did Destiny, Dragon Age Inquisition, Super Smash Bros for Wii U, Watch_Dogs, Sunset Overdrive, and a bunch of other amazing looking games.  2014 wasn't that long ago, and Bayonetta 2 didn't look great then.  It's a fantastic game that's tons of fun, but lets not pretend that it was a visual powerhouse "back in the day." It's visually appealing, but it's not graphically impressive.  Platinum games rarely are.  Nier, honestly, looks like an uprez'd PS2 game (though, Final Fantasy XII, an actual uprez'd PS2 game, arguably looks better), but it's still great.

You can definitely criticize people for thinking graphics make the game, but I don't think that's what you're doing, but waving away someone's opinion just because the game came out in 2014 is not fair, when even in 2014 this game's visuals didn't compare to it's contemporaries.

EDIT: And yes, I'm well aware that the Switch fanboy brigade will downvote me. God forbid someone point out that the Switch is -gasp- less powerful than other consoles, or that not everyone has to blindly love everything about it. May as well blow your minds some more. The voice chat blows. The online functionality is garbage. The battery life isn't good. The joycons are too small.  The pro controller is too expensive. There aren't actually that many games for it.
If you don't understand something then ask for clarification. I have absolutely no idea what they're saying, but I haven't been in contact with them.  Neither has anyone else on Reddit. 

When it comes to job offers and communication about pay or benefits or anything, really, there should be no ambiguity or confusion. Do not try to guess or decipher if you do not follow.  I cannot stress enough how important that is that you ask the employer to clarify. Regardless of what anyone on this website or any other may tell you regarding the meaning of that message, you cannot know for sure unless you ask them to clarify.  You don't want to get into a situation where you or they misunderstood due to a breakdown in communication.

Now, that being said, it looks like someone typed it on a phone and "indigenous" is an autocorrect mistake. I have no idea what word they were trying to use, but I'd be surprised if that's correct.  I don't know if this is an email out of the blue or it's part of a chain. You didn't say.  I'm not going to try to guess, and as I mentioned earlier, neither should you.  Something simple like the email below should be sufficient.

>Good Afternoon X,

>I apologize, but I don't quite follow this email.  Could you clarify or give me a call at XXX-XXX-XXXX so we can talk about it? Looking forward to hearing from you!

>Thanks,

>tokyogetaway
I know this sub absolutely goes apeshit over any kind of negativity, but these kinds of posts blow.  This is a lazy, pointless karma grab.  It has absolutely nothing of value to offer.  There's not even rumors or guesses attached to this sort of post.  It's just totally useless.  It's lazy, and it shouldn't be allowed.
Don't worry, they hinted at it 3 times over the last 8 years, so any day now.
No.  Not even remotely.  It's a terrible value proposition relative to other consoles.  I cannot believe there are people in here suggesting that it's a good idea to buy this thing if you have a low income.  Get another console.  The Xbox One S is by far the best value.  You can easily find one for under $200 and you can do GamePass for $10/month and have plenty of games for a very very long time.


I am seriously disappointed in the people in this thread that would advise someone with tight finances to waste so much money on a game console.  It's disgusting how blind people let their ridiculous fanboyism make them.  They should seriously be ashamed.
~~If anyone would like a free copy of Life is Strange, feel free to PM me.~~

Taken, sorry!
You are so out in left field at this point, that I'm not even sure what you're argument is anymore.  I'm sorry, but I legitimately can't follow this ridiculously long, convoluted run-on word vomit.

The question was "How well has it fared?"  The answer is "poorly, because it's not logically sound, and it wouldn't convince anyone."  Whatever possibilities remain or whatever this long, obnoxious argument you're trying to make means, my point has always been that it's a shit argument.  I guess you disagree?  Or you think I was making some kind of absolute statement about God...or something?  I really don't know. 
> so a disbelief in a judeo-christian god is just a disbelief in one more of the historical god options

But you already believe that. Your bias is influencing the result of your reasoning.  I'm not sure how you can't see it. The argument you're making holds absolutely no sway unless you already believe it's true before you make it.  The piece I quoted above is not true. It's the logically unsound part of your argument.  It's only reasonable to you because you don't believe in the judeo-christian god or Zeus.

Educated guesses are ways to pick a direction to move. They aren't proof.  This isn't about the scientific method.  This is about whether the argument stated in the OP is a good argument.  It's not.  No one that believes in god would accept it and atheists already believe the conclusion before it's proved...
Whether you're using it to discredit someone else or rationalize your own beliefs, it's a weak argument.  It's powerful if and only if you already believe that God and Zeus are equally fictional.  Saying "It's silly to believe in Zeus, therefore it's silly to believe in any God" is just logically unsound.  One group being wrong is not justification that you are right unless there are only 2 options.
It would never work.  That argument never works with anything, even non-religious issues.  It's a logical fallacy anyways. Regardless of whether Christians are right or not, another culture being wrong does not, by necessity, prove that they are also wrong.  It's basically X implies Y therefore Z implies Y, which isn't true unless you can prove X equals Z.  In this case, you can't prove that Zeus is as fictional as God.

Using this argument wouldn't do anything but reinforce that they are right.  The wrong thing died out but they're still here, and you'd look like an idiot in the process for making a bad argument against them.
Pine Bluff is pretty bad, but it's also horribly poor and uneducated, so it's not too surprising.  That being said, if you mind your own business, you're not in any real danger.  It's mostly people that are already doing something illegal that end up getting hurt.  If you're not into drugs or hanging with the wrong people, you don't really have much to worry about. No one is just randomly shooting people on a day-to-day basis.

EDIT:  Heck, my partner and I haven't even run across anyone that has an issue with us being gay.  Except some old white woman that lives down the road.  She told us hi when we moved in, and proceeded to tell us where the white people in the neighborhood lived just so we'd know.
I live in PB now.  If you mind your own business you'll be fine.  It's very rare that someone just randomly gets caught up in something.  I've lived near Olive for 2.5 years now, and the worst I've had is someone stole my change out of my car.  Jackass left the door open too.  I'd have given them the change. >_>
> I am still not completely settled on an opinion on the free college

I like the AR Futrue Grant that we have now, actually.  I don't think many people are using it (at least very few used it at the Community College I worked at), unfortunately.  1st two years of STEM or high-demand tuition is covered, which is great for vocations such as welding and HVAC. It covers those programs in their entirety. It's a great way to get the training for a job on the cheap.
Because that person is currently healthy and it's not their problem at the moment. =P
I can't speak for RiME, but Knack is just a bad game.  I have no idea why so many people wanted it to be a PS+ game. Even as a curiosity, it's a huge waste of time.  It's 10 straight hours of nothing.  The only positive about it being a PS+ game is that all the people that bitch every month that it's not a PS+ game will finally shut the hell up.  They deserve to be punished by wasting precious hours of their life slogging through this waste of time.
Prepare to be whelmed.
You don't know about our fleet of car boats?
Black lungs are sexy.
I'm not so high on the "In God We Trust" bit, and I dislike the man greatly, but he's doing good in terms of the speech. I'm glad he hasn't insulted anyone.

Edit: oh, there's the NFL jab. Nevermind.
People didn't die in plane crashes before Trump either, but that didn't stop him from taking credit for it. :P
Who needs roads when you can have an extra $0.50 per paycheck?
I did not have fun watching Logan.
Pft, the article acts as if Trump will be trying to convince him. He's not talking to people that think he's awful.  He's reinforcing his image to people that already think he's great.  He doesn't care that you or I think he's terrible. It's about keeping up the appearance of success to those that believe he is successful despite evidence to the contrary.
I wouldn't be in a rush.  It's almost exactly the same game. The Friends DLC is also the same game.  You just play through the same levels with the same bosses, just with a different character and less collectibles. Having bought and played all the DLC, I'd say it's safe to pass on all of it if you played the main game.  Not that there's no fun to be had, it's just very very very very samey.
If you're interested in this series, the dev did a great, long interview about the history of the series and Wayforward on the latest episode of Retronauts.  It was a really interesting listen.  Image & Form (Steamworld games) and Thomas Happ (Axiom Verge) have also done really interesting retrospective interviews with Retronauts recently.
My dog's bag of food is just in the kitchen...on the floor...open.  He's never even bothered to look into it.  I once saw him jump on the counter next to the bag just to eat cornbread crumbs in an empty backing dish, but he's never bothered to just go to the big ass bag of food on ground level...
My parents and grandparents are still uncomfortable introducing my boyfriend and I as partners.  When I'm visiting either of them and someone I don't know shows up or someone I haven't seen in years, and hence doesn't know my partner, shows up, it's always "This is Mononon and his...friend".  It didn't bother me at first, but I've been with my partner for 5 years.  I have no idea why it's still so hard after all this time.

Also coming out at a job.  I used to be afraid to bring up my partner at work for fear of being fired or ostracized.  I work in higher education though, which is pretty liberal overall. I don't think I've met anyone that seemed to care about it. But I was very afraid of being fired in my first job.
Favorite "things" mechanic?  Slow inventory system?  Random gacha blade system?  Mostly pointless fetchy sidequests?  Basically everything about the map system?

I could go on.  I liked the game too, but it's a shitshow in terms of quality of life stuff.

EDIT:  This sub is so ridiculous when it comes to negativity about first-party Nintendo games.  XC2 has a lot of legitimate problems, and you all keep trying to force it down people's throats with these ridiculous apologist posts, almost completely ignoring its glaring flaws. Bring on the downvotes with your misrepresentation bullshit.  If you looked at this sub, you'd assume everyone instantly fell in love with the game because nearly every slightly negative sentiment gets downvoted to hell..
I have a 1st gen Pebble I got for like $20.  I like the watch and the features, but it hurts my wrist to wear.
They can boo all they want. His supporters just twist everything into proof that what he says is true. They're deluded and dangerous. Seoarated from reality and trapped in an echo chamber of their own doing. They've basically brainwashed themselves without realizing. Just liking certain Facebook groups, reading certain websites they agreed with a few times, etc. It's scary how easy it is, and disappointing when you see it happen to people you love. Parents and grandparents that don't use the internet responsibly. Seeing my own grandfather go from a nice, sweet guy to a terrible, NFL boycotting, immigrant hating, Trump supporting asshole all in the guise of fake media and "supporting the troops" is one of the safest things I've personally seen.
I know this might come as a shock to what I can only assume must be your 170 year old mind, but video games are a pretty common hobby, not just kids in basements.

Also, voted "YES" to prevent the shutdown is a literally meaningless statement.  You mean he voted yes on the Extension of Continuing Appropriations?  Well, so did just about everyone else.  It was like 81-18 in favor.  Though that didn't prevent it, just put it on the backburner in the hopes a deal could be reached at a later date.
Oh god, that's right.  Literally every ad he ran was like "Mark Pryor is best friends with Obama.  Look at them smiling next to each other that one time".  I had forgotten about those ads.  They were so stupid, but Mark Pryor didn't even try to do anything about them...
Looks roughly as boring as the game itself.
When I was very young I drank some dark liquid in a soda bottle.  I was too young to really reason why a Mountain Dew bottle would have dark liquid in it, it was late, and I was thirsty.  It turned out to be the bottle my dad spit in while he chewed tobacco. I did not react well, according to my dad.  I remember the event, but not the taste or my reaction afterwards.  I just know it happened, and I wasn't happy about it.
I work in Institutional research in higher education. I've worked at multiple schools and every one of them I've had someone tell me the data I gave them is wrong and the data they keep in a personal spreadsheet is more accurate than the code I run.

I'm not necessarily saying they are wrong, because the ERP could be wrong and their spreadsheet could be right. But if the ErP isn't up to date but their spreadsheet is, that's because they were updating their stupid spreadsheet but not inputing it into the ERP. Which begs the question why the fuck ask me for a report when you know damn well it won't match up with your stupid private spreadsheet?
>and it's something that people should have predicted before it came out. 

No. It's really not.
No one said they'd "go down". Forgetting context here makes it seem like the Switch was some guaranteed success. Nintendo released the WiiU with terrible marketing in a super competitive market at a bad price. They'd just come off multiple years of drastically falling Wii sales with a huge drought in major releases. The WiiU had a good start, on par with other successful consoles, and not far off from the Wii, then came 4 years of almost no sales and living off the 3DS. The Switch was introduced at a price that was higher than anyone expected, with expensive accessories, and 1 major launch game from a series that had, by all accounts, been on the decline in recent home console releases (Skyward Sword and Twilight Princess both being relatively disliked in hindsight by many). Investors were unhappy, stock prices did not rise after the announcement, and Nintendo had not shown any hint that they intended to fix issues that had plagued them for years (staggered release schedules, low spec'd hardware, poor online infrastructure, poor 3rd party support, etc.). They were losing money for the first time and their preisdent was slashing his salary on the back of extremely subpar performance.

The Switch could have easily failed, and despite it's success, Nintendo may very well be more successful as a software company than a hardware company. We can't know. They have some of the most lucrative brands in history though, so it's not a long shot to think. Suggesting they knew how well Switch's first year would be is ridiculous. They didn't. It's an anomaly. It's a good thing, I think, but it's not insane to say there were other legitimate options given how bad their situation had gotten.
The only Dan Slott Spider-Man I've ever read is Superior Spider-Man, and that was incredibly good.  I don't know if he's kept up the quality (the comments suggest not), but if he ever has Iron Man switch bodies with a shitty villain I'll jump on that book too.
It's a tough call.  I definitely prefer to play games on the Switch if they are there and they run well.  On the other hand, buying on PC means I get to keep them forever.  I don't have to worry when I get a new PC for the most part.  Switch games will inevitably only be for the Switch and one day I won't have it anymore and those games will just be gone.
I think Injustice 2 has been a lot more consistent. That being said, I have no idea what's going on with Damien's face in this or any other issue where he's with Supergirl.
I imagine his eventual campaign will be like a scarier, much more effective version of Bobby Jindal's (ex-LA governor).
I should probably post under a throwaway, but having just left from the staff side of ASU, I wouldn't go there.  It's stupidly expensive, and honestly, their Computer Science program isn't competitive at all.  If you have a low GRE score, you're pretty much guaranteed to get in, but if you've got good scores, I'd give UCA or UALR a shot first.
Shocker. /s
That sounds about right for Cotton.  I don't know much of Perdue, but living in Arkansas, I'm not really shocked by how much of a disgusting shithole Cotton is.  He's basically a demon from hell.
Being an atheist and being anti-religious are not the same thing. Atheism does not imply you will discriminate against religion. Jan Morgan has already discriminated based on religion. That's why she should not hold an office that requires she not discriminate.
Attempted to make fake dynamite but just caught a forest and a fence on fire. I was the chemist and my brother was the guy with the lighter. I had a bunch of bottle rockets. I got some toilet paper tubes and duct taped them so they were sealed shut. Cracked open the bottle rockets and poured in the black powder. Stole a can of gasoline from a nearby house with an open garage, and poured that on top. Stuck some string in as a wick. Balanced them on the back of a fence. The fence was adjacent to some woods. I told my brother to light it up and back off. He knocked them over and ended up just lighting the gas on fire. Forrest and fence went up in flames. It was pretty neat. Scary as fuck, but neat.
> Usually
Usually you get the downvote for being negative on r/NintendoSwitch...
> why would they lock half of the lineup behind a pay wall

So you'll buy them...
>  I'd be happy to purchase this game for $60 if it came with all the characters from the start or even just the majority.

What's the difference between 10 DLC characters and 20 DLC characters in terms of a "complete game"?  Especially when the price comes out to be the same...
That is why they do DLC like this for competitive games.  Either you'll want to play with your friends, you'll want to play while it's active, or you'll want to avoid the skill gap created by your waiting.  Regardless, you'll buy it, and you'll buy the DLC, so they win.
About to start a new job. Getting really excited about that. Doing all the paperwork. I took a job I hated a few months ago. I thought it would be fine. I wanted the experience, even if it came with a slight pay decrease. It wasn't what I thought it was. The job was terrible. The place was terrible. I had to move away from my partner, and we aren't great at long distance apparently. I was miserable. Gained a lot of weight. Lost all motivation. Then this job like dropped out of the heavens to give me a break and save me from my massive fuck-up. I get to move back home, I get a $23k raise, and I get the experience I was originally seeking. I'm super thankful.
You are a bastard.
Bungie pulling a Nintendo over here and just sitting on it for no particular reason.
I think the issue is that they are often purposefully vague then ultimately underwhelming.
Well, muslims too.  Sitting here in Arkansas looking at people taking Jan Morgan as a serious contender for governor is just...well it physically hurts, to be perfectly honest.
It was a perfectly fine Direct.  I don't think anything huge was announced, but a lot of games to keep people busy and satisfied.  I definitely didn't get overly excited over anything, but I'll be happy to buy TWEWY finally and finally give Dark Souls a try.  It's a shame there weren't more new games announced, but what was there looked like quality stuff, even if the majority of it wasn't for me.
Blaster Master Zero has been one of my favorite eShop games to date. Super fun platform adventure game (reminiscent of a Metroidvania, but with distinct areas with their own maps, and less focus on exploration). I never played the original on NES, but this version feels very modern and is extremely satisfying. Also the DLC characters add a nice bit of replayability, as they change the way you play the game way more than you'd think. They aren't simply character skins. I highly recommend it.
I finally made a friend that wasn't my partner for the first time since graduating college last year. He promptly got a better job 4 hours away and moved. :'(
The best advice is "don't be poor". It's a strong indicator of failure in academics, unfortunately.
Like I said, a criminal past would come under scrutiny and you may very well lose or be called a hypocrite, but just being a criminal, with no other context, shouldn't really be an issue. It's the context of it that makes it matter is all I'm saying.
Yeah, I totally agree that the crimes are applicable to their fitness. I just disagree with the headline. I'm not going to pretend to know a succinct, eye-catching way to word it properly, but it's definitely not what it should be.
As much as I enjoyed the movie, minus the last few minutes where it was just a standard bad-guy punching CG-fest, it probably shouldn't win much.  Not that the Oscars mean much, but there were some absolutely amazing movies this year, and Wonder Woman just doesn't compare on any level.  Even within comic book movies it wasn't the best Logan was far and away a better movie.

But with movies like The Meyerowitz Stories, Mudbound, Lady Bird, The Shape of Water, Dunkirk, Get Out, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, etc. I just can't see a justification for WW to win anything.


It was a good movie though.
I don't think this title is particularly scandalous.  Being a convicted criminal shouldn't disqualify you from running for office.  Obviously the crime for which you were convicted will come under scrutiny in whatever election you participate, and if it somehow makes you less qualified than your opponent you should probably lose, but just saying "you're a convicted criminal" shouldn't in and of itself be a knock against the person.  Need to be a little more specific and explain why the crime they committed makes them less qualified than their opponent.
It's hard to say exactly what Barda is thinking.  Is she even thinking she wants Scott involved? She doesn't reciprocate his love, at least not at that moment.  Is she struggling with whether she should make things worse by leaving after this is all sorted out?  Is she just taking this opportunity to hit things because it takes her away from that painful choice?
I don't know if I need Booster having an existential crisis and withdrawing into a dark insanity, to be honest.
Two gods are talking to each other in a hallway.  One asks a question.  The other responds.  Also a giant sea monster dies in the background, but that's neither here nor there.
People are a lot cheaper than US debt.  Even presidents.
I'm sure there's no input lag in that whatsoever. /s
Probably because they don't need to do that.  When you have a monopoly on a market, you don't really have to do too much.  I don't dislike Valve, but they clearly have no incentive to do much besides keep the status quo.
I don't know what version you're playing, but Destiny is legitimately the best FPS on Vita via remote play.  It a really good custom control setup specifically for Remote Play on Vita.  It plays super super well.
I didn't think it was that happy. Barda clearly thinks Scott has major problems. That's why she was building up to it all issue, and I'd imagine why she did it while they were fighting, in her comfort zone. She doesn't say "I love you too" or get excited. She says "I believe you". I don't think she's entirely happy about the situation and she's afraid of Scott's mental instability.
Yeah, that's more what I'm seeing. She's just making bold, ridiculous claims, knowing that she doesn't need anything substantial to back them. She simply needs to make the right people feel victimized.
>She views it as an ideology, and a violent ideology where true members literally want to kill you if you don't submit to their views.

But this is the problem. It is a religion. Her opinion is irrelevant. It's not for her to decide. And every sect of every religion thinks it's the right version. Mormons think they are right. Methodists think they are right. Baptists think they are right. And regardless of my personal disdain for all religious, they are all free to be practiced so long as they aren't doing anything illegal. Disliking Islam or personally classifying it differently than your own religion is not an excuse to infringe on anyone's constitutional rights. You can't pound your fist and complain about big government one second then turn around and discriminate against someone for religion the next.

>she would obviously still support helping low income people with insurance and other health programs. 

I disagree. That is not obvious at all. She has openly stated that her primary concern are prisons, cops, and courts at the expense of welfare. None of those things has been shown to help poor people, and all of them generally lead to higher rates of recidivism. Nothing she's said would lead me to believe she is competent when it comes to healthcare or even aware of basic statistical information. She sounds like she's talking off the cuff and relating anecdotal evidence in an attempt to pander to a very specific kind of Arkansan.

>I've listened to her more than once, and she seems to have a deep understanding of government and politics in Arkansas.

I'm sorry, but being a small business owner with no background in politics and 6 months of experience on what amounts to a talk show circuit does not give you a deep understanding of politics.

I just can't see what you see in this person. Even if I agreed with her opinions, she has nothing to back to back up her claims. She's playing the Trump game of saying a bunch of crazy shit to get people's attention now, and worrying about figuring it out later. It's a viable strategy, obviously, but it's backed up by nothing substantial.  Arkansas is one of the worst states in just about every single metric imaginable, and she wants to focus on initiatives that are proven to make that worse. I don't understand how anyone could support someone like that.
Jared Henderson doesn't seem very active.  His facebook group is barely active and the last update on his website is from December 13.  Is he running or did he just stop doing anything after announcing? I messaged his group about volunteering, whoever runs it read it, then promptly ignored me.  I like his views, but going purely by what I can find online, he doesn't seem too serious about it.
Loved the Azzarello Wonder Woman run.  It's a really great, stand-alone story.  Damn it was so good.  Probably my favorite thing out of all of New 52.
Generally speaking, if they're in the comic but not in the game, they are probably dead.  Odds go up if they are a major player in the comic.
I agree with other people in this thread that she is unqualified to run.  She clearly has a problem with other religions that makes her a dangerous candidate.  


I also don't think she understands much about healthcare based on this interview.  Arkansas is very poor.  I'm not entirely sure what she expects to happen if government "gets out of" healthcare, but it won't magically fix itself.  People will just die or go into massive amounts of debt.


I gave the interview a chance, knowing I already disagreed with her.  She's pretty well-spoken and likable, at least when speaking in this setting.  She's unqualified though.  She didn't offer any real inkling of plans to fix anything. She simply disagreed with Asa Hutchinson for 20 minutes.  Generally, I can understand and even empathize with some conservative views, but, based on this interview, hers are so ambiguous that I couldn't even tell you what she believes other than "Asa is wrong and I'm right".  I don't even know what that means.  She will be a Republican, and apparently that covers everything based on how she was speaking.


This kind of pointless finger-pointing and fear-mongering is scary.  She's a horrible candidate. She doesn't seem to have knowledge of any government processes and, by her own admission, does not want to be a politician.  Regardless of your personal beliefs, having someone that purposefully ignorant is not a good way to shake things up.

EDIT:  I didn't comment on the bits about jobs because I honestly can't dissect what she wants.  She wants government out of it, but she wants them in it so long as businesses originated in Arkansas.  She seems to think there's no value in luring large scale business into the state, but doesn't offer an alternative besides "free market".  It's just all over the place and there were no actual points made besides, again, Asa is wrong.
Keto is what I was doing.  It works really well.  I don't find it really sustainable.  I can't see myself eating like that my entire life, and there's basically no way to stop without ballooning up or starving yourself.  I don't deny that it works, and pretty quickly.  I just don't think it's a very good fit for a long-term lifestyle change.

Also, everyone in that sub seems to think they know better than healthcare professionals because they read some keto blogs and did some googling.  I don't know if they're wrong, but they don't bat an eye and telling people to get new doctors or ignore medical advice if it disagrees with their dietary choice.
Data is a pretty hot topic at the moment.  Knowing how to interact with databases can be a really good skill.  Having some SQL experience can pad a resume pretty nicely.
Weight.  I was doing really well, then I just went completely off the fucking rails.  I gained like 60 pounds in like 6 months.  It's been crazy.  It's like I know the right things to do, but I purposefully don't do them anymore.  I really don't know what happened.
I'm not really a morning person, but my partner is basically dead to the world in the morning, but he ALWAYS gets the 7am-4pm shift on the weekends.  He says he likes being home early on the weekends.  But that asshole and his damn alarm.  HOW MANY TIMES DO YOU NEED TO HIT SNOOZE BEFORE YOU'RE AWAKE?  WHY THE HELL DID YOU SET IT TO 5:30AM IF YOU'RE NOT GOING TO GET UP FOR ANOTHER HOUR?
If you weren't there long enough to change something on your resume (besides just naming the job) then it's not necessary.  Really, unless it's going to look like a large gap without work in your resume or you accomplished something worth mentioning in your new position, there's no reason to list it.


I had a similar issue with a job recently.  I was at a job for about 1.5 months when I interviewed for another job.  I didn't list the job, as I hadn't really accomplished anything of note, but I did end up mentioning it in the interview because the experience I had gotten, while short, was valuable to job I was interviewing for.
If you want to get really technical, it's been a +1 year wait on every generation.

* PSX (Sept 1995) to PS2 (Oct 2000) - 5 Years
* PS2 (Oct 2000) to PS3 (Nov 2006) - 6 Years
* PS3 (Nov 2006) to PS4 (Nov 2013) - 7 Years
Oh that would be awesome!
Universities have these meetings too, but I don't think I've ever heard anyone actually get up and speak.  Pretty sure you wouldn't be escorted out, but you'd almost certainly be fired immediately afterwards.  Or just made miserable in general.  Universities aren't less corrupt or fucked up than this.  I work in Institutional Research, and it's pretty crazy what the 4-Year Universities do with their money.  Teachers have even less power at 4-years though, and probably more backlash should they bother to speak up about it.
One could almost say he has an 11th sense.
I want this on Switch so badly. I understand the deal with Sony, but Guacamelee is legitimately one of my favorite games of all time, and I am so excited to play it on Switch sometime in the future.
You see them on sale on Slickdeals pretty routinely for like $2200.
Not people. You. Because of responses like this. Am I talking to a wall or something? It's like you don't read your open responses...
You are literally saying "You're wrong, stop whining, because I said so". I legitimately do not understand how you can be so deluded.
No it doesn't. You're free to enjoy the game for whatever reason you see fit. Dismissing legitimate criticism as invalid because it doesn't match with your personal opinion has nothing to do with that. That's just you being a dick.
People are allowed to care about different parts of a game. This elitest bullshit where people like you pretend a game's qualities can only be weighed one way is stupid. If someone cares about graphics or framerate, that's their prerogative. It's not for you to decide they are wrong.
I really enjoyed Axiom Verge. It's a very good Metroid-type game. The weapons are unique and enjoyable to find and the exploration is top notch.


My only major gripe is that the quick travel is garbage. I don't think this game is kind to completionists. It's pretty tedious to backtrack at the end of the game. The backtracking through the campaign is fine, but when it's back and forth across the map finding all the weapons and upgrades, it's a major hassle.
Just because you can't imagine it doesn't make it untrue. :P
Do people have to keep pretending that games don't look worse on Switch? It's fine to enjoy playing them. It's fine to not be botherd by the resolution or framerate. But for god's sake, stop pretending it's just not a thing. It is. Multiplatform games look objectively worse, and pretending otherwise is a disservice to people looking for legitimate information about the system.


Doom plays fine on the Switch. But it's the worst version of the game, and unless portability is really important to someone, they should know it's worse in every other regard.
I definitely agree with this.  It would have been really cool to see this in the future.

Some kind of elseworlds or whatif story where Alfred was the antagonist of Superheavy would have been really neat too.
Institutional Research is an...interesting field.  Every school needs it now, but very few of them know how to categorize it or how much to pay for it.  I notice most schools asking for SQL experience and offering 40k-50k, usually on the lower end.  A lot of times they end up grabbing people that worked in another department (admissions is really common) that know a little bit of SQL but know the school's data really well.  They assume the person will "grow into it".  Of course, the problem is that they've drastically underestimated the SQL knowledge the person needs, normally because no one proficient in SQL Is part of the hiring process, and they drastically overestimated how helpful knowledge of the front end of the ERP will be when dealing with the database on the back end.


Ultimately, you get what you pay for.  You don't need a DBA or anything, but a proficient coder that can learn your ERP in a reasonable amount of time, learn your reporting solution whatever it may be, possibly migrate old code to a new system (I cut my teeth migrating PHP reports to SQL Server Reporting Services), and train others is going to cost you a chunk of change.  Schools simply don't understand this.  It's important to note that Institutional Research, while almost entirely based on SQL Programming, is almost never part of the IT Department, so it's not too surprising that the people hiring aren't particularly knowledgeable about average programmer salaries.


It's slowly getting better.  I've got 4 years of experience and I just accepted a position for 67.5k.  I was making 33k about a year ago, so things can move quickly if you're pretty good.
Did anyone even read the article?  They sat them out for students to grab.  They didn't actually give them to them.  It was just a table in the hall.  It was apparently just some tradition that school did.  They stopped immediately and seemed very reasonable about it, judging from the article.  This was the superintendent's first year.  After getting a complaint he had a meeting with the principal and stopped doing it.  This really doesn't seem like some evil religious conspiracy in this case.  Just a poorly thought out tradition that no one thought to consider in a modern setting.
According to IGN and Humble, Humble will continue to operate with complete autonomy.  Take that for what you will, but that's what both companies said after IGN's purchase.
I've only been doing Oracle for like 3 months.  I did MSSQL for about 4 years prior to that.  So I'm about where you are.  

Yeah, it's a nightmare.  I saw what they had and applied for a job elsewhere immediately.  I'm nowhere near qualified to fix the shitstorm that's going to occur at that place when the two people that can still work the legacy system leave in March 2019.  

That other dev only had 11 months of experience when I showed up, and he started the job 10 months prior, and was working on migrating from a legacy system constructed out of views imported into something called Discoverer.  They wanted to migrate everything to SQL queries and use a reporting tool called Argos.  Totally understandable.  But they hired a guy with zero experience to spearhead a full migration from one system to another for $42k.  I have no fucking clue what they expected to happen.


I showed up making $45, just looking to get some experience at a larger place (I worked for a community college before, and this is a large 4-year), but I noped the fuck out immediately when I saw all this garbage.
> Also, how the hell do you write anything beyond basic SQL without using joins?

I wondered that as well before I started working where I work now.  Showed up, sat down, started talking to the other SQL Dev.  Asked if he could point me to his queries so I could begin familiarizing myself with the basics of the new database.  Basic stuff.


Hoooooly shit.  Every query this guy had written was made almost entirely out of functions.  Functions used to generate columns.  Functions made up the entire WHERE clause.  1 table used as the base of the query, and all other pieces pulled from these queries.  Sure, it was only like 20 lines, but it took like 2 hours to run.


Why did it take so long to run you may wonder?  I mean, heck, even if you're using functions for no particular reason, it shouldn't take *that* long to run simple stuff, should it?  Every function was a CURSOR.  Every single one of them.  Running across millions of rows.  And, not only were they cursors, almost all of them pulled multiple pieces of information, concatenated the results, and required that you use SubStr to get the piece you want.  It was fucking bonkers.


The other dev was, as he put it, uncomfortable with joins because he was never sure if they were working correctly.  So he had IT make functions for him.  Now how old the person making those functions was, I don't know.  I've never heard of anyone using cursors as their default method for returning data from a function.
For under $200 with a 1080p+ resolution, you're pretty much stuck with the Fire HD 10 if you want some newer.

You could give the Telecast T8 a shot, if you're willing to import.

The ASUS Zenpad 10.1 is also a decent option, but I'd go with the Fire 10 before this one.
> Bonus points, Amazon tablets have full comixology integration since it's owned by Amazon. Buy stuff through there and it pops up on your tablet, or buy stuff through the Amazon site proper and it'll show up immediately on your tablet.

That's not specific to Amazon tablets.  If you buy the digital version of a comic on Amazon it will show up in the Comixology app on any device.
I don't know.  He just does.  There wasn't much thought that went into it.  Some people let their dogs sleep with them and some don't.  I'm sure there's some kind of research or study that says you shouldn't for some reason or another, but it's not uncommon.
It's very comfortable unless I forget to start the night in the middle of the bed.  My partner scoots over at night, so if I'm not in the middle of the bed when we go to bed, I'm trapped closer to the edge, and the dog still wants to fit on the other side.  The dog will end up on me instead of beside me.  Or he'll want between my legs if I'm on my back, and it's hard to describe how bowlegged you have to sleep to let an 80-pound dog sleep between your legs.
We normally have to wake my dog up.  My partner and the dog usually trap me in the bed.  Partner on one side and dog on the other, so close together I can't move in the morning.  Dog weighs about 80 pounds, partner weighs more, so normally have to roll the dog to the side so I have enough room to maneuver out of the bed.  The dog doesn't even open his eyes.  He's actually started snoring immediately after moving him more than once...
It's a simplification of the issue.  The type of crime is important.  Investing in prisons would negatively affect states if you're going to incarcerate non-violent offenders.  I don't know what "parts of the state" she's mentioning, but unless the rise in crime rates is violent as opposed to, say, drug related, then you're just throwing money away.


Basically, that's an incredibly generic statement.  Of course people should be safe.  No one disagrees with that.  No one disagrees that we should have the resources to accomplish that either.  But the direction of investment that she wants is not shown to curb crime rates.
I like my Pro controller quite a bit, but I can't say I understand why everyone thinks it's terribly amazing.  It's fine.  Personally, I find the Xbox One and PS4 controllers to be better.  Could just be my hands, but my experience with the Pro controller has been "good" not amazing. 

Sometimes I feel like people overstate their enjoyment of things on this sub. 
A quick glance at the Destiny subreddit is enough to convince anyone that you should keep people up to date about patches.
Why?  That game is really bad with a controller.  Have you played the Vita version?  The only reason to use the physical controls is because it's inconvenient to use the touch screen all the time on a Vita.  If I could have taken the sides (like the Joycons) I would have done it in a second to play Severed properly.
Submitting SQL without verifying the results.  Don't just assume you have god-like logic, even if it's like a 10 line query.  Spot check the results.

Writing DROP or DELETE statements on production databases, especially when working with an ERP.

Not learning to use JOINs.  Honestly, if you tell me you're a SQL dev but you're uncomfortable with LEFT JOIN I'm not going to be super happy with you.
I don't know that you mean by keeping inflation low by not hiring black people (no offense, but it sounds silly on the face of it), but I think the consensus is that jobs tend to make every city better. That's the solution. How to get there is the actual problem.
Is going Republican the solution though? They're generally in favor of cutting important welfare programs for poor, which is the majority of PB. With the lack of jobs and any incentives to lure new businesses, I'm not entirely sure how a conservative approach benefits this particular community.

I'm not entirely sure what you're saying, in all honesty. Something against LBJ, but I'm not entirely sure what. His focus on social injustices as a way to lure minority voters?

Pine Bluff and cities like it are not solely the result of Democrats or Republicans, and I think it cheapens the issue to suggest something like that.
Honestly, I don't even think anti- and pro-gun make sense to describe the average person's opinion, but that's the language people have chosen. I'm "anti-gun", but I'm not against the second amendment. Neither was Clinton. But the vocabulary is what it is, I guess.

The Democrat challenging Asa isn't against guns either. Seems pretty conservative and wants to focus on rural development and education. He seems like a reasonable candidate.

I'm not saying drop the gun debate. It's important to people. But in AR, there are more important issues I'd like to see addressed.
He was **literally** scouting talent.
Anyone play DQ9?  The battles from that.  Everything could remain the same about the games, but they switch to how that game plays out turn-based battles.  The battle systems could be exactly as they are now, but you get to actually watch them play out in an interesting way.
Rob Lowe being nice to kids.  Not a huge shock.
No idea.  It's incredibly poor, large swaths are dilapidated and abandoned, there are very few jobs paying a livable wage (even with PB's extremely low cost of living), no one is buying property, and the majority of the population is extremely uneducated.  It's about as bad as you can possibly get in terms of economics.  I'm not qualified to even guess how to fix it.  I wish I was.  


I worked at Southeast Arkansas College for several years, and that is an absolutely wonderful place trying to help the community.  I know that SEARK's vocational programs are also on the decline (HVAC, welding, electrical, etc) despite high demand for all those careers in the area.  Getting people into programs like that at SEARK or UAPB could help.  They also passed the Go Forward Pine Bluff initiative that raised sales tax to attempt to fix downtown (so I wouldn't say they are just getting "free" money), though sales tax is very regressive and I'm not sure it was the right move given how poor the community is (though property tax may not actually bring in enough money for any kind of economic growth program).


Honestly, I just don't know.  It's a sad place.  I own a house there.  It's so cheap I just left it when I got another job.
I don't know anything about the port, but here's a quote about its possible development.

>Is there any chance of a Switch version, so we can have Link again?
>
>Motohiro Okubo: SoulCalibur VI development started more than three years ago. And nobody knew anything about Switch back then. So, as a matter of fact we are not working on Switch, as of now. But of course, personally, Im interested in the platform. So if the Unreal Engine can adapt to Switch, and evolve itself, then maybe the possibility will be more.
More of a Slenderman thing going on there.
I'd be surprised if we flipped blue in a large way.  These people still elected Cotton and Boozman after all.  That being said, it would be nice to elect some folks that care about fixing some of the poor, uneducated places in AR (like Pine Bluff, for example) or investing in infrastructure instead of focusing on gun rights and religious issues.
> I'm fine with the way things are.

Shouldn't you vote for Asa then?  He's literally "the way things are" currently...
Are you just going to go in circles? It's not enforced now because it's unconstitutional, and because it's unconstitutional it would be overturned it challenged.


I understand what you're saying, but it's literally a non-issue. You're overthinking it.
Religious tests are expressly prohibited in the US Constitution.
100% There is absolutely no doubt it would get overturned. It's not open to interpretation and it's not up to Arkansas whether that's true.
Then the law would be overturned or just not enforced. That's my point. It's just not important because it'll sort itself out.


I'm not arguing which is *more* wasteful. I'm saying it doesn't make sense to argue against wasting time and money by suggesting other ways to waste time and money. :P
So here's my issue: She's free to dislike Islam. Heck, I don't like Islam. I support freedom of religion. I'm not religious, but you do you.


This person's fears aren't totally unfounded. It could be argued that they are overkill (literally no risk of Shaira law coming to Arkansas), but they aren't completely random, technically. That being said, she is clearly targeting one specific group of people while ignoring more prevelant terrorist groups, and she's doing it for one simple reason: Muslims are brown and aren't her religion. Why isn't she banning people with mental disorders? Why isn't she banning white supremacists? Why isn't she banning any of the other more prevelant groups that commit terrorism in the US besides Muslims? On sheer volume, she's going after one of the smallest groups. She's picked it because it's easier to identify and because it scores cheap political points.


She's not being reasonable. She's being a racist because she can. If she seriously wanted to curb terrorism, she'd push for some kind of mental health reform, not banning brown people because they make her uncomfortable.
Wouldn't it be a waste of time and money removing something that will essentially sort itself out later?
That's true. California is like 48 states better than us in just about everything. We really can't compete with that. I guess all we can do is keep doing the opposite and see if we rubber band back around to not sucking.
Simple, succinct, accurate. I like it.
Obamacare was pretty bipartisan before it was called Obamacare. :P
It would be really difficult to beat Asa. He's pretty moderate. I'd vote him over this loon any day. Not a huge fan of his educational reform stuff, but at least he's not absolutely bonkers.
He did. He said something like "I'm struggling to find the point in this" and said it wasn't an issue in AR.
There's lots of random things like that in other constitutions. It's not always worth the effort to remove every unenforceable law. It's not the best excuse, but if it ever comes up, it'll get overturned then. There's not really any advantage to proactively getting rid of things like that. It could be politically damaging and it's largely pointless unless it's being challenged.
Yeah. And if I paid them I would. He says he prefers to pay them manually because he doesn't necessarily know when he'll have money. He gets paid every 2 weeks, so sometimes he's good when they are due and sometimes he's not. I split them in half for him. He owes 180 at the beginning of the month and 180 at the end (or around that amount). If he doesn't split them, he owed 360 in the middle of the month. It's an almost trivial amount. It's just utilities for our main house and insurance for the vehicles.

It won't be an issue much longer, but I do get tired of telling him to do it. I don't want to tell him to so anything. I want to ask and trust that it will get done. Or just be confident it'll happen regardless. Telling my partner what to do makes me feel like an ass.
And it's fine to hire a newbie if they've got some promise and you're all setup. But when you haven't even got your basic processes switched to SQL. When you're still running off a depricated technology (something called Discoverer) and trying to migrate from that to SQL you need expertise. You need someone with some chops that can take that old code and translate it accurately and, hopefully, make it run well. Initial migration and implementation isn't when you hire new people and hope they'll "grow into it".
If it makes you feel any better, a lot of them are dying and being replaced with people that give somewhat of a shit.

EDIT:  Of course those people have to clean up their mess.
Well, that works in theory, but not so much when the AI is too stupid to do any part of it.  I want to play a Morag tank, but I need to play with either A) Worse blades that let me better control parts of the Break/Topple/Launch thing or B) play a character that I don't like to have better control over it.  It's not like it ruins the game, but it is annoying.  And truthfully, the blade system is too tedious to bother trying to get better blades than what I already have.  Rolling the dice trying to get tank blades with better skills just isn't fun.
My partner does this.  I bug him about bills EVERY SINGLE MONTH.  He knows when the damn things are due.  We have an app that tells him.  He can even pay them from the app, but no, he never pays ahead of time and I have to tell him to pay, like I'm his parent or something.  It's one thing that really pisses me off with him.  I love him, but sometimes I feel like that kind of irresponsibility will be a deal breaker one day.
Long rant:

Yeah, as soon as someone gets good experience with SQL they peace out in higher ed.  Either another school will offer them more, or they know enough other languages to get a job in the private sector.  Either way, most higher ed programming jobs are dead ends, and as soon as you get the experience to make more money, you just leave because you'll never get a raise.

Institutional Research is a weird topic in higher education at the moment.  Every school wants SQL Devs, but no one wants to pay them.  I've seen a lot of schools hiring internally.  People that know a little SQL and work in admissions, normally.  Admissions people know the student data in their ERP really well, but not so much the SQL.  Those people run into issues because there's no one on staff to train them.  Their queries are terribly optimized.  Something simple can take an hour to run.  It's crazy.  Then they are separated from IT, even though they are programmers, so they don't have access to the DB.  They have locked down views, meaning they can't actually do anything.  No triggers or functions or updates or anything.  They run into issues trying to work around these limitations while not knowing SQL very well.  It's a tough position.

My first job in IR I worked for a community college where I was folded into IT.  It was heaven.  I got exposure to the networking side, I was allowed to be a sysadmin for the SQL server instances.  If I needed to update something, I could.  When new versions of things came out, I could just install all that myself.  I loved it so much.

I moved to a 4-year uni to get larger experience, so I could move up in the world, and holy shit is this place a dumpster fire.  No one here knows SQL at all.  The queries are inaccurate and a joke.  The other programmer here told me he doesn't use joins because he doesn't trust them.  When he needs something, he has IT create a function to grab it.  ALL of IT's functions are cursors.  I'm not sure how old the DBA in IT is, but why the hell is EVERYTHING a cursor?  The queries here are so fucking slow.  Legitimately takes like 20 minutes to run a query just to generate enrollment.  It's insane.  I've never seen something so bad.  

They told me they were in the process of implementing a new reporting solution, and they wanted my help doing that, which sounded cool.  I'd done an SSRS implementation at my previous school, so I knew I could help with this.  They are soooo far away from implementation it's not even funny.  There is zero query infrastructure here.  EVERYTHING has to be done from scratch because the other programmer wasn't using joins.  None of his work is repeatable because it's all done using these functions with ridiculous processing time, which isn't good for live reporting.  I have no idea what they are going to do.  I told my boss I'd fire the entire department and hire 2 real devs making like $80k if he ever wanted to get this done in a timely fashion.  1 guy with no SQL experience and one (me) with under 4 years of experience is not enough to do this kind of heavy lifting for a university.
Marvel Unlimited is nice.  Just get the yearly sub and come to terms with being 6 months behind.  Not a huge deal.

Or save the money, wait for the holidays, and take a giant plunge during the holiday sales.  I bought so many DC trades in the Comixology sale that's going on.  Like every DC trade ever is $5 a pop.

These are my strategies for Marvel/DC respectively.
I would not be shocked in the least if that was also a title at my current uni of employment.  To be honest, I don't even know what a Chancellor is or how it fits into all this.  I've never met one.  I know we have them.  We also have a President, Vice Presidents, Assistant Vice Presidents, Associate Vice Presidents, Deans, Chairs, Assistant Chairs, Assistant Deans, and Controllers.  Some of those I can identify, some, who the hell knows.
Is that what they'd decide in this situation?  I don't think the age is so important as the cost.  Though, I guess you'd have to choose an arbitrary age/cost ratio of some sort, but many things do have arbitrary age limits (drinking and smoking for instance).  I'm not saying it's right or that's what should happen, but I don't think a "death panel" is necessarily what would happen so much as a cost/benefit analysis.


Now, what do you do with a 20 year old with cancer that will cost $10 million to treat, but they can't possibly put that much back into the economy?  I have no idea.
Well yeah, professors are basically the bottom of the totem pole at a university, unless they bring in a shitload of grant money, but even then, it's more likely that's a result of the grant writer, than the professor.  Department heads are also pretty low.  They're not even middle management, technically speaking.  Not that all profs are nice or anything, but outside of something like a Faculty Senate, faculty would have very little political involvement on the back end of a school.

Staff and Faculty are very different beasts, and as a student, you are rarely, if ever, exposed to that sort of thing.
Honestly, my only issues at this point (about 120 hours in according to the clock, but I think that's wrong) are the boss battles.  I won't spoil any of the bosses themselves, but the number of them that can deflect attacks later in the game makes combos painfully slow to get off and is super annoying.  The regular encounters and unique monsters are much more enjoyable, as they give you a chance to flex your combos and chain attacks.  I am super tired of watching my combo meter go down as my characters just bounce off a boss.  It makes the bosses feel slow and boring comparatively.
I GOT BORED WITH THIS GAME AFTER FINISHING THE ORIGINAL RAID TWICE AND I CAN'T BE BOTHERED TO GRIND TO DO THE RAID LAIR BECAUSE NONE OF MY FRIENDS BOTHERED TO BUY THE DLC.  I'VE PLAYED A LOT OF ENJOYABLE GAMES SINCE STOPPING DESTINY 2 AND I CAN'T SAY I CARE IF IT EVER GETS BETTER AT THIS POINT.
No idea. Can't say I read that.
I work in Institutional Research. We just had our measly $11k budget cut by 30% because the Associate Vice Chancellor said we were wasting money on professional development. Bitch, you hired a SQL "programmer" for $42k. He's terrible and needs training because he's horrendously under-qualified. That's where all the money was going. The hell were we supposed to do with a SQL developer that's never used an Enterprise level ERP or written a query longer than 10 lines? He was just the only one with any relevant experience willing to take the shitty pay you were offering. Take a damn pay cut and let us hire someone worth a damn.
Keep him the hell away from team books and he'll be fine.  Ultimate Spider-Man was one of the books that got me into comics (along with Geoff Johns GL).  He can do great things with street level characters in solo books.  He just gets way too bogged down with ensemble books though.  His X-Men runs are unbearably boring.  They just stand around doing nothing for like 10 issues.  I'm all for good dialog, but damn.


I don't know what book I'd like to see him write.  I love his Daredevil run and his Ultimate Spider-Man run.  Both are great and basically polar opposites in terms of tone.  If Dick Grayson were still Batman, I would have loved to see him take a crack at that.
When you're so inexplicably random that even Speedforce won't do.
It's not Netflix if you want to give it a shot.
$100k with no experience or degree in marketing?  That sounds super fake.


On the topic of jobs, have you looked into state jobs wherever you live?  I know in Arkansas, there are many state job openings that do not require experience.  Departments of Corrections generally have good jobs for decent pay.  Secretarial jobs as well.  There are other options for state jobs.


As for school, have you considered just doing a vocation?  Pay is great, school time is short, and job security is pretty high.  I worked a community college that had HVAC, welding, and eletrical training (usually called Technical Certificates or Certificates of Proficiency).  Have you looked into something of that nature at your CC?
Higher Education is very similar.  Everyone is more concerned with their title than working together or helping students.  It's super annoying.  I still don't know the difference between an Assistant Vice Chancellor and an Associate Vice Chancellor, but I'll be damned if they weren't both assholes with zero expertise over the areas they managed.

Edit: A word
Year 3 had some really amazing moments, but the overall story wasn't great.  Year 4 wasn't very good.  Just strange in general.  Year 5 was solid.
I've always wanted to read all the Annihilation stuff (Annihilation through Thanos Imperative).  I'm reading some backstory stuff about some of the characters involved in War of Kings at the moment.  The last thing I read was X-Men: Deadly Genesis, which give some backstory on Vulcan.  It was alright.  I'm not super into Marvel in general, I've just always wanted to read through the Annihilation stuff.  I know some X-Men stuff, and X-Men: Deadly Genesis is like a 100 pages of plot and 100 pages of retcon.  It wasn't my favorite thing I've read.


That being said, Annihilation (Books 1-3) and Annihilation Conquest (Books 1-2) were all great, and I can't wait to get through War of Kings, Realm of Kings, and Thanos Imperative.
Needs more [Axolotl Song](https://youtu.be/MxA0QVGVEJw).
Fair enough. Didn't know if you were close enough to relocate! Good luck with this place. Just see if there's anything you can get in writing if possible!
I totally get that. If it makes you feel any better, I've benefited from this exact same situation and it worked out fine. Worked for a state funded school and was given a promotion without an interview because I was an internal hire. Ethically sketchy, but if you're qualified it's fine. I just didn't have to quit my job first though.
Couldn't you just apply when the posting goes external? They only do internal hires? Did they tell you they wouldn't hire you unless you were internal?

I mean, I get what they are doing, but why can't they just post externally and you apply? They are already in a weird spot from an Equal Opportunity Employer perspective giving you open preferential treatment. I don't understand why they can't go the extra step and just give you preference as an external hire.

Regardless, if it's not in writing, it's a big risk. Things could change. Some internal candidate could swoop in and take it, or they could end up posting externally anyways because they didn't get enough applicants internally. Some risks are worth taking. If you can supplement your income somehow (second job, spouse, etc.) then I'd go for it. But I think it's a hard sell to go if it's going to be a huge financial burden and they can't just post externally.

Edit: There are some probation officer positions available right now with the Arkansas Department of Corrections if you're interested. They'd probably be glad to have you.
May not have been full power or something. He was in the Negative Zone until like 10 minutes before that whole business.
* World of Final Fantasy (not on sale)
* Cosmic Star Heroine
* Battle Chasers Night War

There's not a lot of newer JRPGs on Steam. It's not a popular platform for them. Final Fantasy 15 is coming in 2018. Might be worth it to just wait for that if you want something with a more modern sensibility in that genre. Final Fantasy 12 may also be announced for 2018, but that's a maybe at the moment.

A lot of these other recommendations are pretty old and you can definitely tell. Some have aged pretty poorly and I think some folks are letting their nostalgia get the better of them.
Not super helpful when OP is looking for Steam games.
Bleach will kill you quicker. Does that help?
Physical. I don't believe gcu applies to digital games.
Impeachment is political. Unless Republicans turn on him, which won't happen, then he won't be impeached. I don't know why do many people think it's right on the horizon or something.
It's a great game. I highly recommend it. It just has nothing in common with SWD outside of being in the same universe.
It is not a good alternative. It's nothing like Dig. The title is misleading. It's more like XCom or 2D Mario + Rabbids
It is. It's not for everyone. It's a huge investment, and I wouldn't suggest buying it unless you're sure. There are parts of the game that are just a mess (the map, side quests, field skills) and the Battle system is explained poorly. There are so many terms and the pace at which it's all introduced is probably the worst I've ever seen in a game. Frustratingly, all that stuff is on the screen from the very beginning, but it's hours and hours before they tell you what 3/4 of the stuff on screen actually is. It was annoying.

I enjoy the game. It gets much better as it goes along and more skills become available, but the first game is better in almost every way, and I'd suggest giving that a try before jumping into this, if you're unsure.
I never have this issue. I love my Switch, but my PC games get to stay with me forever. If I can get a game on PC, I will. I prefer playing on my Switch for indie games (especially Metroidvania style games) but the lack of backwards compatibility and cloud saves makes me hesitant to invest too much in non-exclusives.
FYI, you can get the Striker Pack for $23.99 if you have GCU with Best Buy.

Edit: Apparently it's sold out around a lot of people. Still is that price if you can find it.
Come back after you've wasted all your weapons to kill one of those stupid Test of Strength shrines for the 20th time...
I can only speak from the back end. I've worked at the CC and Uni level. 1 university that was run very well and one that was an absolute shitshow embarrassment. The CC I worked was a fantastic work experience where I knew everyone, they knew me, and we worked together towards a common goal. That being said, the resources are limited, and the adjunct problem is probably worse. In certain regions (excluding Texas, really) CC's simply don't have the resources to offer competitive salaries. They are extremely trim on the admin side (comparatively, at least) and tend to have less specialized staff often doing multiple jobs, but they can't compete with the benefits and pay of a university. You will certainly get a more hands-on education, and I wholeheartedly recommend any students looking to enter college to try out a CC first, as they are a huge bang for your buck, but they have similar issues.


Now, that being said, CCs excel at job placement. They fucking rock. They often have vocational degrees (welding, HVAC, etc.) that essentially guarantee job placement with as little as 1 semester of classes. It's amazing. But those jobs, while well-paying, aren't nearly as popular as the standard 4 year degree track.
Well, the people that teach at medical schools are compensated pretty well. I get what you're saying, but certain types of teaching are very lucrative. It's the"regular" stuff that's not. Specifically, K12 and lower level college instructors. It's all a snowball effect though. Too many administrators making too much money, looking to save money elsewhere, and salaries are an easy place. Hire adjuncts instead of full-time faculty, get upset when adjuncts don't really care about the students (mostly because you're paying them almost nothing), fire adjunct, get another, fire that one, get another, an so on, until you've reached the bottom of the barrel, and you have to hire whomever will take the job because it's 2 weeks until the semester starts and you don't have anyone qualified to teach a semester of algebra for $1500.


Literally the same thing has happened at every college and University where I've been employed. I work in Institutional Effectiveness/Research. We tell them over and over again to hire better teachers and cut administrative costs, but they never seen to listen.  

EDIT: Fixed some autocorrect errors.
Yes.
I'm not saying he's over it. Just that he doesn't seem to brood much anymore.
You're being overly generous. I agree there's fun to be had with the game, but I wouldn't recommend it either, unless you've played all the other, better options. This game has some truly terrible mechanics. You can like the game but fairly critique it.


1. Why have multiple joysticks but stiff aiming with enemies that rarely move in such a way that's conducive to 8-directions?

2. I don't care if there's a lore reason or not, that respawn mechanic is complete trash, especially close to boss fights.

3. Deaths are almost univerally cheap, and almost always caused by terrible enemy placement. There are way too many homing, flying enemies (that can fly through walls, no less), circling enemies, and enemies that are out of sight, but directly in your path as you jump up or move down.


This game is better than it should be, but not as good as it could have been.
Trade wait. Trade wait. Trade wait. Don't clock image. Don't click image. Don't click image. I will be strong.
Funny, but untrue.
No. Selling more units a loss is not better than making a profit. At least, not on a piece of software. You're thinking of a tactic other companies use on their hardware, and make up on the back end with software. Selling your software at a loss does not lead to more profits. That's just not how business works. You do that, and you lose a boatload of money. You sell the system in a razor thin margin, lose money on software, and likely never make it back because those are bad customers. They don't want to spend money.  No one buys a $300 console for a $10 game, and if they do, they're much less likely to buy a $60 game.


Losing money up front can be fine. It's a customer acquisition cost. Losing it on the backend is almost universally a terrible idea.
Would 5x the number have people bought it? No. If you ever wonder why something isn't cheaper, that's likely your answer. Why reduce the price when you know you can't make up the difference? You meet demand way before you meet your multiplier, generally. It's basic business, and it's a common mistake to assume a lower price would be more profitable.
Batman seems to be getting used to dead Robins. He glossed over this one pretty quickly and went straight to the beating the shit out of someone phase in record time.
I would never refer to myself as an engineer. Lol
Or programmers. Not that hard to hit that number with certain kinds of programming. Data and by extension SQL are pretty hot commodities at the moment.
Not that it matters, but he raped an 8 year old. He molested a 4 year old. Same person, but according to him, he didn't rape her until she was 8.
I don't personally care what's posted here, but what's the point of this post? You're just saying to let people post what they want, which is what people already do. What need is there to say it? It's how the community already works...
I write dates as yyyy-mm-dd now. I'm a programmer analyst that mostly does SQL. That's just the standard format for a date in databases. I used to do dd/mm/[yy]yy.
It certainly makes a lot of things less confusing. Otherwise the entire event feels random. But if you can just watch a few YouTube videos to get caught up, go for it. Its purposefully a continuity heavy event. I'd at least read Snyder's Batman run if nothing else. Maybe pirate it if you can't afford it. Though I think all the trades are on sale for $5 apiece at the moment. Good time to pick up all the stuff that's been mentioned actually.
Then you didn't get all those references.
It is literally an Easter egg.
IMO, Infinite Crisis was much much better written than Metal, especially the way it handles continuity. It just read it for the first time, and it handles callbacks and references soooo much better. It makes sure you don't have to have read everything to understand. I don't think that's one of Metal's strong points.
Not to be argumentative, but not everyone wants to wiki a bunch of events and characters just to read one book. Go you for diving in head first, but it's not like you magically knew all of it in a day, and if you did, you have far more free time than an average working adult.
Their Batman felt fresh and seemed to do it's best not to rely on old continuity. Metal feels like Snyder trying to copy Grant Morrison. It does look great though. No question there. It's just jam packed with continuity, which is to its detriment (imo).
That's probably coming, but I think it's more likely to be the mobile version.
I don't necessarily think it's over-complicating DC continuity, but I do think it's a convoluted event.  Yeah, sure, it's fun and ridiculous and whatnot, but it's also dense, full of obscure references, stuffed with exposition, and is basically just a string of deus ex machinas thrown at the reader in quick succession.


I'm not saying you can't enjoy it, and I'm glad that people seem to be on board with it, but I find it exasperating and more trouble than it's worth.  I thought the one-shots were brilliant for the most part, but the event itself is a slog unless you've been reading comics for 30 years or take the time to wiki the million references (baby Darkseid, Sandman, Multiveristy, Court of Owls, metals from Snyder's run, Final Crisis, Return of Bruce Wayne, etc etc etc).


I just think Snyder is indulging his inner nerd a little too much at the cost of readability.
I legitimately think you're so ingrained in comics that you've forgotten what it's like to be a new reader.  This event spans a series (Metal), multiple one-shots (evil Batmen), multiple tie-ins, and multiple prelude and epilogue issues.  It references multiple complicated events from DC history in ways that are not just nods (Dream, Hawkman/Hawkgirl, baby Darkseid, the multiverse in general, a second multiverse, The Return of Bruce Wayne, Final Crisis, Court of Owls, etc.) and introduces multiple new concepts in basically every issues (Superman battery, multiverse map, the forge, giant hawkman, blackhawk, baby Darkseid [again], that police force that Kendra's part of, etc.) and it assumes you have knowledge of several lower tier characters.


Why you think this is a simple pick up and read book is beyond me.  Why would a *new* reader know what Scott Snyder said "wayyy before metal came out"?  The N52 is 6 years old.  Why would a new reader have been reading comics for close to 6 years?  How would a new reader understand anything about Final Crisis?  I don't think you understand the concept of "new reader" anymore.  You've been reading comic books too long. 
Where did that thing even come from? Was it in a tie-in or did he just whip it out from his belt?
I'm not as hype as everyone else. I thought the first half of the issue was very confusing. Maybe I missed a tie in or something. I've only been reading the main series and the one-shots. I'm also not a fan of there being huge twists almost every page, with new, random deus ex machinas around every corner. I know the event is supposed to be over the top, but, for me, it's getting tedious.  I'm glad everyone else seems to be enjoying it, but I'm having a very difficult time reading it without rolling my eyes.
Neither of those is new reader friendly at all. If you're recommended reading includes Grant Morrison, it's a safe bet whatever you're reading isn't good for new readers.
As someone that only casually keeps up with comics, this is definitely wrong. I've had to wiki so many things just to make sense of the ridiculous amount if exposition in the event. The first couple issues were an unenjoyable slog without understanding all the references. More enjoyable after some research, but this event is absolutely not new reader friendly. I'd never suggest it to someone that doesn't read many comics.
Ugh. I've got over $100 in my cart. I've got to cut some of this, but I've really wanted to read so many things. I didn't start buying books until recently and I'm all digital, so I want basically everything that's good ever...
Why is it unfair to call stereotypes sexist?  Black people with giant lips eating watermelon is racist.  Why can't helpless, whiny, big-boobed women be sexist? If anything stereotypes are more likely to be sexist...


Gay people in Japanese games are almost universally caricatures.  I don't know if you're only reference is Yuri on Ice, but they are almost always effeminate punch lines. 
I don't know. I've been playing JRPGs for like 20+ years, and they are what they are. They often have busty ladies, usually of the "mean but secretly sweet" or "melancholy" variety. Japanese games in general just tend to have very sexist depictions of women. They similarly have very offensive depictions of gay men. It's so common. I'm not entirely sure how you've avoided it to such a degree that you think they're uncommon.
Yeah, I personally don't like Pyra's design, but it is what it is. If it were up to me, I'd have costume options or something, but it's a JRPG and I knew what I was getting into when I bought it. Do I enjoy half her face being cut off by the tig ole biddies? No. Does it overly hamper my enjoyment of the game? Not really. It's a minor annoyance that I've always felt was in bad taste.
I work at a university. I have to pay a fee to park in front of my own building, in staff-only parking. I also live on campus and have to pay a fee to park in front of my own apartment, which is separate from the fee to park in front of the building where I work.
No problem. Seems like it would be what you're looking for. :)
Rmancing Saga 2 just came out for Switch on the 15th. Give that a look?

Well, Golden Sun 3 and FFIV work on the 3DS, but yeah, the original Golden Sun games and FF9 specifically aren't there. And you said *like* not specifically those games. :P
You need a 3DS.
Oh, you sweet summer child.  You're clearly not a PC gamer. :P
Considering how disappointing boring I Am Setsuna was, I don't think there's any reason to be excited. IAS was clearly made to look like Chrono Trigger, but it's significantly worse. I'd wait for impressions on this one. The developer has shown they can make a game that looks like a classic RPG, but they definitely haven't proven that they can make a game that captures the magic of the best ones.
You're getting like 4 different developers mixed up. Lost Sphere is made by Tokyo RPG Factory, a developer within Square Enix. Final Fantasy is developed in-house by Squaresoft/Square Enix. Valkyrie Profile Lenneth is a port of a PS1 game made by Tri-Ace. Project Octopath Traveler is made in-house by Square Enix, but not by the Final Fantasy team. It's made by the team responsible for Bravely Default and Bravely Second.

Square Enix is the publisher for all of them (excluding the original version of Valkyrie Profile, which was Enix prior to merging with Squaresoft, though the Lenneth edition was published after the merger by Square Enix).
You're overthinking this by a mile. Those 2 options aren't even significantly different. They are a recruiter. They'll keep you in mind for future positions. That's what they do. 
My partner does this and it annoys me every time. He does it with games too. Man, I don't know shit about Assassin's Creed Origins. I'm not even playing it. You bought it for you. I just happen to be in the room while you're playing it.
Institutional Research at a university. If you can do SQL, it's a low stress job. You definitely get paid below market value, but I get 23 hours of vacation a month plus all federal holidays off and there's almost no competition in the field, at least in Arkansas. I'm about to get bumped up to around $70k at a new job next month.
7zip has an interface besides that popup you see after you extract? I thought it was only the right click thing. I've never seen any other gui...
Most schools do not put their SQL programmers in the IT department, so IT isn't always involved in their hiring. They go to offices of institutional effectiveness or institutional research.

Schools have a tough time with DBAs and SQL programmers. A lot of them outsource their DBA needs, but they still have data needs on campus. They have an ERP like Banner or Colleague that has a very complicated database associated with it with thousands of tables and no clear way to associate those without intimate knowledge of the system itself. There's also schools that don't outsource DBAs, but have separate Institutional Research offices where their SQL programmers work that aren't part of IT, but need access to the database or need IT to construct views for them. Things get so complicated so fast, but very few schools have their database programmers in their IT department.

Then your SQL programmers end up needing to work with every department to understand their processes to make sense of the data, and they end up having to serve every single department. You rarely have data people that focus on one area (finance, academics, etc.). And you have federal and state requirements on top of that, and those can be insane. The IPEDS (required federal reports for all public schools in the US) can take weeks.

And to top it all off, data needs to be cleaned, customs tables need to be created, tools need to be made, reporting tools need to be learned (Argos, SQL Server Reporting Services, Tableau, etc.), And other duties occur.

Schools just haven't worked out what to do with their data oriented programmers. They pay too little, want too much, then get angry when the people they hire can't write queries in an hour. Unfortunately verbalizing a data request and coding aren't the same thing, and sometimes it's not even possible to get what they want depending on the schema of the ERP. It's a whole clusterfuck at the moment. Eventually it'll get fixed, but for now, you just have unqualified people aiming too high for too little money and wondering why it never works out.  Well, John who you hired for $40k has entry level skills and you're asking him to code 1000+ lime queries on demand, that's what's happening dipshit.
It's not that uncommon. I've worked at several community colleges and universities in Arkansas, and that's about right for most public institutions here. Some of the privates or really large schools with huge endowments pay more, but not many.

Though universities are still top heavy. There are a ton of unnecessary administrators where I work now. Seems to be a combination of nepotism, laziness, and under-qualified workers. They pay the admins too much and the workers too little. They want a SQL programmer with 5+ years experience in Enterprise reporting for $42k, which is just a bad joke 
Woah now. Them's fighting words. Dawn is incredible. Both movies are amazing. I prefer the personal nature of Dawn to the larger scale of War overall though.
He revived a dead franchise, turned it into a critical and commercial success, and he's directing a Batman movie. He's not exactly hurting for attention. :P
Will hold off. Setsuna's Sacrifice was extremely generic. I'm glad they are giving it another go, but I think it's worth waiting to hear some impressions after being thoroughly bored with the last game.
The standard recommendation for GL is to read Geoff Johns' run. It starts with Green Lantern Rebirth (2004) and goes through Wrath of the First Lantern (which was in the New 52). Basically every Green Lantern comic from GL:R forward is Johns. Green Lantern Corps from 2004 onwards is also a good companion book.
Same recommendation as everyone else. Geoff Johns' run is one of the greatest runs in comics. The entire run is worth reading and it is basically one continuous story from Green Lantern Rebirth to Wrath of the First Lantern.

If you want something more recent, Godhead is a really good even that is a crossover of the New Gods and Green Lantern.
Well that was short.
That I didn't get the job I really wanted. Maybe needed. I took a job in a different city than my partner and really regretted it. A new job came up that I'm very qualified for, is close enough to commute from home, and pays more. I interviewed Friday and thought it went well. The hiring folks have been VERY prompt and quick to move on everything so far. They said I'd know early this week if I got the job. They didn't call today, so I have a sinking feeling I won't get a call, just based on how fast they've done all the other steps. I thought the interview went well, but it doesn't seem like it's going to happen. I've been very unhappy since I moved. I don't like being alone, having to pay mortgage and rent in separate cities, and commuting on the weekends to see my partner. I just want to go home.
That's why I said Fire Emblem or Persona. It's not inconceivable that they *could* have also taken something from Persona when making this game. Regardless, the point was, Fire Emblem also has good social interactions, like Persona, but they didn't use those either.
The combat was by far the highlight. It was a shame that the characters were so unrelatable though. I had hoped it would take the characterizations from either Fire Emblem or Persona, but it seemed to skip over the social aspects of either franchise in favor just mashing the combat together around a pretty generic cast and a silly story. Not that every game needs to be as grim as Persona, but if you're not going to have a meaningful story, you'd think they'd take the opportunity to make the characters more fun or interesting. The combat is really stellar though, and it's just a joy to look at the entire time.
Gone Girl is a more recent movie that's pretty fucked up.
Fair warning, the prologue mission in Wolfenstein 1 is not great. It improves dramatically after the opening mission. It's not bad per se, it's just super generic.
To be fair, it's really up to the developer to make linearity compelling. Uncharted, for instance, is just one long corridor, but you don't notice and it's fun and rewarding. Final Fantasy 13 is also one long hallway, and it's immediately apparent, and not especially fun (it does open up after like 20+ hours and in the post game, but it's a classic example). These are different genres of course, but both are constructed very similarly in their layout. One manages to be fun, the other is generally regarded as tedious. Why could Naughty Dog make a fairly standard shooter in a long hallway interesting, but Square Enix couldn't make an RPG in a long hallway just as interesting? 
To be fair, like 20 of those hours are a horrible grindfest that you can, wait for it...pay to bypass. It's a good game, but it's probably not the best example to use here, as it's not necessarily linear (unless you only do the terrible story missions) and it does have random loot boxes that give you an advantage.
Enjoy? No. There is a recap at the beginning, and you could always read a wiki. That being said, W2 does pick up the moment W1 ends, and W1 has a really great story and arguably better gameplay than W2. W2 has the better story, no question, but W1 does have better level design. I'd say play the first because it's great, not because your have to, though it will increase your enjoyment of 2.
Having just finished Wolfenstein II, I can confidently say that linear games can be fucking awesome.
I disagree.  There's not actually that much to talk about with regards to the Switch.  Sure, there are games coming out and things happening, but just by sheer volume, there's really not that much to say.  If you relegated everything to megathreads, you'd basically gut the sub.

EDIT: Feel free to downvote.  People complain that the sub is full of very specific kinds of posts, and they are right, it's full of them.  Without those posts it would be empty.  That's just how it works.
Are you saying that pre- or post-patches?  I was under the impression that they'd put quite a bit of effort into post-launch support to fix stuff.

EDIT:  Downvoted for asking a question.  Gotta love this sub.
It's the only game on the eShop that matches Nintendo's general quality.  There are some really stellar games on the eShop, but this one legitimately feels like a Nintendo game.
Sonic Mania. I knew I didn't like Sonic games, but for some reason I thought this one would be different. I've never enjoyed Sonic games. Why would this one, the most Sonic of Sonic games, be different?

Snake Pass. Just not for me.

Kamiko. Again, just not for me.

Otherwise I think I'm happy with all my purchases. I have a sneaking suspicion Xenoblade Chronicles 2 will be on this list too. I want that game to be great, and I enjoyed the first one a lot. But I'm really worried that combat is going to complicated to the point if tedium.
Yeah. This is really no different than the stuff posted on the_donald or other conservative subs. I don't think this adds anything to the atheism sub. Granted, I realize this is less a sub about atheism, and more a sub about being anti-religious, so I'm not surprised it was posted.
Depends on what you call a cash cow. They aren't modelled to attract recurrent spending. There's no post-purchase monetization, but that doesn't mean that it can't be profitable. There's no one size fits all business model for success. Will it beat Overwatch? No, obviously not. But it's not modelled to do so. It seems to be selling consistently, and ahead of projections though. It doesn't have to sell millions of copies to sustain that studio. That's the point.
Do you think companies break even on products after 1 day? I don't think you're being realistic about how business works. Breaking even ahead of schedule means you're profitable ahead of schedule. It's like you're ignoring that things keep selling after they break even, and it's like you think a company is already profitable when it releases a product. Some companies are never profitable based on 1 product. Console manufacturers have, historically, sold their consoles are a *loss* and made up the difference on software, barring Nintendo until the WiiU. Breaking into profitability on a product in 3 months is really impressive, and I don't think you grasp that.
No one did.  They just kinda dropped it.  I imagine if you liked Titan Quest, you'll like the DLC.  It's Titan Quest, but Norse.
You sure about that?
http://www.pcgamer.com/hellblade-sales-better-than-expected-will-break-even-months-ahead-of-schedule/
>Waititi wrote the initial screenplay for the 2016 Disney filmMoana,[22]which focused on gender and family. Those elements were passed over in favour of what would become the finalized story.

He wrote the initial screenplay that was rejected.
He's still got a career. He's not magically going to become less conservative overnight. He dislikes Trump, not Republican policies. This tax plan aligns with his voting record. It's unlikely he'd vote no.
To be fair, you're comparing yourself to outliers. You're doing the exact same thing Christians do when they mention evil Atheists or terrorist Muslims. You're picking the worst of them and comparing them too your relatively reasonable standards. Most Christians, outside of their belief in God, are relatively reasonable people in day to day life. Christianity is obviously silly on the face of it, but it doesn't make your average person an amoral rapist anymore than atheism.
I don't know if that is true. Neither has a particularly extensive filmography, but I'd argue that L/M have accomplished more with their kids movies than Taika has overall. Not to say they are better, but their style was, until Thor, proven to resonate much more with general audiences than Taika's.
Gay but not flamboyant or even remotely concerned with clothes or anything like that. Also not a particular fan of musicals or shopping or any of kind of stuff. Just hang out and play video games most days. "Gaymers" also seem to be stereotypically into anime, but I'm not into any of that either. I'll play a JRPG, but that's about it. Also, gay people have shit taste in movies stereotypically. Scorsese mobster movies or gtfo.
Can't say I've had issues with Join, and I use it for more than texting, so no reason to give pulse a try. I'm sure it's good though. The reviews are very good. If Join ever shuts down, I'll probably give it a shot.

Edit: horrible autocorrect grammar
You can't throw accurately without motion? I played the entire game in handheld and never had this issue...
I think you're exaggerating some here. Yes there are good games, but they aren't revolutionary. They are still iterative. Breath of the Wild, while new for Nintendo, is not a new concept by any stretch, and Mario Odyssey is an expansion of ideas from the early 00s, and has several contemporaries in Yooka-Laylee, Poi, A Hat in Time, and others. The consensus is they are great, creative games that deserve praise, but hardly revolutionary.

Similarly, the system isn't running graphically intensive games. It's running greatly stripped down versions of graphically intensive games. Not to say they look bad, because they don't, but the versions running on the switch are, from a graphical and resource perspective, vastly inferior to the other consoles and PC. Which makes sense. The Switch has the power it has. We know it's specs. It's running a modified Tegra chip, which is a powerful chip, but it has it's limitations. No need to overblow what it's doing.

But to the main point, no, I do not think the Switch will outsell the DS or PS2. Both of those systems are anomalies. The DS sold the most before Smartphones we're as ubiquitous. It had no competition and a ridiculous number of SKUs. The PS2, likewise, existed in a bubble of very little competition in a rapidly growing consumer segment (video games). The Wii was a similar phenomenon where Nintendo chose to go after a new audience with their Blue Ocean strategy, and created a market with little competition. 

The Switch has competition. It's also not priced competitively. It's. Eating expectations, which is great, but it's not beating them by that much. It's obviously too early to make these kinds of predictions concretely, especially considering the launch of the Switch was on par with the WiiU. This thing could still be a spectacular flop in a few years. It's unlikely, but possible.  But, it's a different market than it was in the early 00s. Most market research suggests that gaming is not a hugely expanding market (barring the eSports segment). There is stiff competiton at a cheaper price point with more functionality as well. No amount of good games or portability is going to cancel out any of that.

Will it sell well? Maybe. It's trending well on a month to month basis, but we're not through even one holiday season yet, and there's not enough available data to construct any kind of real trend analysis. Year to year is a better identifier than month to month. We're in the honeymoon period. Let it settle. 

In a world where Apple and Samsung release something new and shiny every year, it's possible that the Switch will be overshadowed by a market that's less tolerant of old hardware that doesn't change on a routine basis. PS4 Pro and Xbox One X are proof of a changing market. Will the Switch acclimate or coast on what it's already got? We don't know. 
I can't wait to not finish this one just like the first 3!


Seriously though, the first 3 were great, and hopefully this one will be too. But they are long as hell and the chapters in 1 got to be insanely long and punishing.
I think it works really well, though I can't say if it's better for someone else. I haven't had issues with it in a long time though.
Right. I'm uncomfortable with that application of the law. Prostitution is illegal there. That's fine. But why are 16 and 17 magical ages where you can have sex but it's extra super bad to get paid for it? Why is paying to have sex with someone legally allowed to have sex so much worse than prepubescent porn that you can just drop the child porn? I think that's backwards. Personally. I'm not giving my opinion on sex with someone under 18, mind you, but in that state that kid was old enough to consent but somehow young enough to carry up to a life sentence because he was paid for it? I think the child porn is much worse than prostitution. Though, that's based solely on the age of consent where the crime took place.
I'm not saying one is better than the other. Pulse is probably better for cross platform messaging. The point was that there are multiple solutions to that particular problem.
So, trying to understand this. The only reason he got into trouble with the 17-year old is that he was paying him? If he wasn't paying him, that wouldn't have been illegal.

Now he did have child pornography as well, but those charges are being dropped. So, technically speaking, he's getting sentenced to all this, not for the child pornography, but a technicality in the law that says paying for sex with someone over 16 but under 18 is child prostitution.

I don't know how I feel about that. He's getting what he deserves, but that technicality is pretty fucked up. Not that 17 is old enough to make good sexual choices, but it is weird that it's legal to have sex but *extra* illegal to get paid for sex at that age.

Edit: Before I get downvoted to hell for sympathizing or something. I have absolutely no sympathy for the guy. He's getting exactly what he deserves. I just think it's kinda lame that the child porn charges are somehow small enough to be dropped in favor of prostitution of someone that is of legal age to consent where it happened.

Edit2: Do people think I'm sticking up for the guy or something? Generally I just let downvotes ride, but why is it wrong to be uncomfortable with the application of the law, even if it's punishing someone that deserves it? The prepubescent porn should be weighed higher than paying to have sex with someone legally allowed to have sex. It's wrong that that's what is getting thrown out here.
To be fair, there are multiple ways to accomplish this. I use Join. Cross device texting, file sharing, copy/paste, tasker commands, and a bunch of other stuff for a one-time payment, and it's app agnostic for texting.
Well that was bleak...
Absolutely not worth it at that price.  It's a fine game.  Not their best, but enjoyable.  It's a solid $15 game.  It's a terrible $40 game.
He's not a pedophile. He's an ephebophile. He's also pretty gross and almost certainly a child molester. But he's not a pedophile.
Okay, Moore is definitely terrible, but having sex with teenagers doesn't make you a pedophole. And having sex with young children makes you a child rapist, not a pedophile. Pedophiles aren't necessarily rapists and being attracted to teenagers isn't a symptom of pedophilia. Stop mixing and matching various crimes and disorders.

Edit: He's an ehphebophile. Using the correct terminology doesn't diminish how scummy he is. Pedophile may sound worse, but everyone is using it to apply to acts. Being a pedophile does not mean you abused anyone. Pedophiles need help, rapists and child molesters need prison.
I think it's fair to a company. They didn't put effort into changing the perception of their company. No one said they they weren't being business oriented.
The responses to this from straight guys are just great. 
You all basically just want Windows Phone on your Switch, huh?
To be fair, EA tried to do better when they releasing things like Mirrors Edge Catalyst and Unraveled. It all sold like shit so they've gone back to making money now.
I guess this sub is at least annoyingly positive. The Destiny sub is super toxic. Every topic is basically just someone bitching about some other person's bitching. It's awful.
There are people on here that think Mario Odyssey has great lore and story. Like...no. Just no. It's an amazing game. You don't have to pretend everything about it is amazing though. It can be great and have a shit story. And I have no idea how to respond to the lore bits. It's a Mario game. There's no lore.
I was caught off-guard by a phone interview once.  Never again.  I will always over-prepare.  Nothing is as dumb as expecting a meet-and-greet then randomly getting asked technical questions for a group of people on the other end of the line.  You just sit there and say "umm" a bunch while you brain tries to reorient to "professional" mode.
Personally, I thought this was the only good story for Hal since Rebirth.  I fell off that comic hard.
So, the problem is that his books tend to be dialog heavy, which is fine with a small cast of characters because there's still room for the plot to move forward, but his team books basically devolve into 10 issues of everyone just talking in different locations before finally doing something noteworthy.
So, I know some people are iffy on this, but keep in mind that some writers do actually write differently for different companies.  Jeph Loeb is like the premiere example of this.  Some excellent DC comics such as Batman The Long Halloween, but some truly awful comics like Ultimates Vol 3 and Ultimatum at Marvel.
As much as I enjoyed the first (never played X), I do think the combat looks pretty complicated.  There are a LOT of systems going on there.  I'm sure after 100+ hours I'd learn it, but it still seems overly complicated.
DQ9 had the same basic battle system as all previous DQ games...
Azzarello's run was the first WW comic I ever read.  Holy shit was that run amazing.  I've read some people having issues with it, but I thought it was incredible.  I was so excited for every issue.
Except in the N52, of course.  Where he's like an antagonistic mentor.
Year 3 had it's moments.  Specifically the issues leading up to and following Superman's dream of the world that could have been after Batman makes a deal with Etrigan.

Year 4 was just not good.

Year 5, I thought, was a return to form.
The current story is called The Oz Effect.  That's what's being discussed here.  Though it's been teased since before Rebirth even started.


The story with the Watchmen is called Doomsday Clock is a year-long, 12-issue series that begins on November 22.  It really depends.  If you don't want to be spoiled or if money isn't an issue, I'd just buy it.  If you think you can avoid spoilers or it's too expensive, then I'd just wait for the graphic novel to be released.


Of course, you could always pirate it.  I don't suggest it lightly, but we've all been in situations where we just flat out can't afford to keep up with comics.
Well, there are many levels of admins at larger schools. We have Chancellors, vice Chancellors, associate vice Chancellors, provosts, vice presidents, the president, deans, chairs, associate deans, associate chairs, and I think a few others. Some of them could get rid of lower ones, but it is unlikely.
In my experience working for a large University system, they would go broke before firing administrators.
No, that's just a logical fallacy you've attached to religion, and it doesn't really have anything to do with what I said. You're fishing for an argument. :P
I mean, one could argue that about anything, really. Harry Potter isn't clearly labeled as fiction anywhere on the books themselves, as far as I'm aware. It's common sense that it's fiction though. The Bible certainly has a lot of people that take it literally, but not everyone. There are groups that believe it has stoires meant to teach lessons.

And it's a common logical fallacy to believe that simply because one part of an argument or belief is untrue you must assume it is all untrue.
Do we have confirmation that a significant number of people take him seriously?  I mean, his contract is basically in perpetuity to be on Freeform (formerly lots of things).  His ratings could be 0 and his show would still exist.  He has an ironclad contract that guarantees him a prime timeslot as long as he is willing to do the show.  It's my understanding that Disney has attempted to get him to leave, but he simply won't.  I would be pretty shocked if a large number of people actually valued his opinion.
I love the game too, but you guys are smoking some amazing stuff if you think the "lore" and story in this game are even remotely good. It's all just a means to an end.
I finished it on PC with like 98% completion.  It is meh, for sure, except the last 2 levels.  I have no idea why the rest of the game isn't that good.
I enjoy watching speedruns.  I don't enjoy watching competitive gaming or let's plays.
Honestly, it's one of the best games I've played, it's one of the best indie games of all time, and it's easily one of the best non-Nintendo games on the Switch.  It's easily worth full price and no one should hesitate to buy it. Every aspect of it is spectacular.  It just feels right, and that's something so many games struggle to do.
When I was in 5th grade I was in a play about American History.  I played Hernando De Soto. They made me wear armor for the part.  The armor had rather large, hard Batman-esque nipples.  No one ever forgot that.  I hope your son has better luck with this boner issue.
I got my Galaxy S8 for like $450 with their trade-in offer.  I bought a refurb $50 iPhone 5 from Walmart, traded it in for the $200 off plus the $100 off they already had.  I think it was $450 all-in.
That could be interesting.  I could definitely look into that!  In terms of migration, I'm more experience with moving reporting platforms (PHP to SSRS for example), but I'm sure I could figure out ERP/DBMS migrations.
I work at a college now and live on campus. It's much harder to get laid living here the second time, I can tell you that.
Hmm.  An urgent need for a Data Analyst with only 2-5 years experience?  Obviously I only know what you've written here, but that seems under-qualified to be of urgent need.  Why is the need urgent for someone with so little experience (relatively speaking), if I may ask?
There are people on r/Android that *upgraded* from a S8 to a Note 8 to a Pixel 2 XL...
I ordered from Walmart.  It didn't go well.  Ordered in July, will receive next Tuesday...


But, I did get it for $43, so I guess I'm not too upset.
I don't really need classic games.  Indies have been picking up the slack really well on that front.  I'm good with Nintendo sticking to new games.  I do realize that to some portion of Switch owners these games would also be new, so I'm not saying there's absolutely not point to having them, but, personally, I don't think it's currently necessary.  I always thought of them as games to fill the gaps between the terrible release schedule of prior consoles.  Switch doesn't seem to be suffering the same issues.
I made the mistake of ordering from Walmart. There's no telling when I'll get it. :(
Debateable. I acknowledge that some people enjoy that game, but the crticial response was not great. 66 on metacritic, for reference. There are some things to note though. I didn't say it was universally true. Platinum actually does almost exactly the same thing with brawlers, but some of their licensed stuff has been good, just like Wayforward has done some good licensed games. They've just been worse than their unlicensed games in a relatively predictable fashion. Basically, I think it's better to temper your expectations for Wayforward licensed games and be pleasantly surprised, than get hyped and fall into a somewhat predictable trap.
Interesting. I thought B was basically a copy paste of previous protagonists. I thought A would have been more different.
Hey, I'm hoping the pattern doesn't stick. This looks great. Precedence is a thing though.
I liked the twist. I wish the characters had been swapped. :P
To each their own. I'm on Chapter 4 as well.  I just dislike some of the character decisions.  I won't spoil anything in case anyone else will play this, but I think the protagonist choice was poor, and I would have liked to see that result reversed with those characters.
I'm not saying they are lazy.  Just that their licensed games tend to be worse than their non-licensed games.  Whether that be due to budget, time, or effort wasn't relevant.  I'd hope they aren't just lazy though.
I haven't finish DRV3 yet, but, sadly, I feel it's the weakest of all the games by a wide margin.  I think it's still one of the best VNs out there, but it's a weak entry in a relatively flawless series.  Though, DR2 did set an insanely high bar, imo.  The second half does seem to be legitimately better than the first though.
I 100%'d this one PC.  It's a fun game, but nothing especially amazing about it.  Yooka-Laylee (post update), A Hat in Time, and Mario Odyssey definitely seem like better choices.  That being said, it is a very solid game, with some fun levels.  I had some gripes.

1. The main levels are not especially fun to explore.

2. The jumping is floaty.  If you've played other Unity engine games, you know the feeling.  It's just...off a little.  You won't be making very many risky jumps in this game.

3.  The boss fights are terrible.

4.  The level inside of a crystal cave is incredibly tedious, but I guess every platformer has that one level you just dread going back to finish up.


There are some standouts though.

1. The game is very solid and enjoyable throughout, barring the bits mentioned above, of course.

2. It doesn't overstay it's welcome or bog you down with unnecessary power-ups, and it doesn't have any ridiculously obtuse collectables (i.e. blue coins in Sunshine).

3. It looks very very charming.

4. The last 2 levels are on an entirely different level than the rest of the game.  I really really wish the rest of the game had been as fun and inventive as those 2 levels.
I don't want to be "that guy", but Wayforward makes quality non-licensed games, and finances those with shitty licensed games.  I'm hoping that's not the case, but it's fairly consistent with them.
I'd love to play this. It looks spectacular.
I just bought this based on the feedback here.  Really need something for Mario Odyssey so my hands don't just stop working.
This sub is shit, so no surprise.  It's just people complaining and people complaining about people complaining.  I just come to check the weekly threads and leave.
The Touch of Malice quest was garbage busy work.  More isn't always better.
I've never been able to land that friends-with-benefits things long term.  It's usually 1-3 times.  Sure, it can get better, but I've not hooked up with anyone long term.  18-20, just seems like a bad fuck (generally, not always), but fun masturbatory fantasy.
You can teach them to not be terrible in one sexual encounter?  I had sex with a guy last month that accidentally bit my chin while we were making out because he didn't know how to kiss.  The hell am I supposed to do with that in one night?
I'm gay, and I'm definitely more attracted to younger guys, but they're often terrible at sex. If Grindr has taught me anything, it's that young, hot guys know their hot, but don't have the skills to back up the bravado. It's fun for a wank memory though.

Not sure if straight guys are better younger.
Needs more Hollow Knight and Cosmic Star Heroine.
Maybe I missed it, but is this procedurally generated?
I mean, the Note 8 like literally just came out.  Have any phones actually released since it came out?  Hard to be envious of newer phones when you have the newest one. =P
Terroristic Threats. I said sometimes I wish the school would blow up to a friend in a private conversation in 5th grade. I was paddled for terroristic threats. They said if someone blew up the school, who would they suspect? Me, that's who. This was in Arkansas.
In recent memory, I thought Super Sons #1 and Mr. Miracle #1 are some of the best.  The N52 Superboy and Teen Titans series had really awful first issues as well.
You are absolutely complaining. Stating facts can be complaining. Opinions are not the only thing that can be used to complain. And deflecting by saying someone else is "salty" is just pathetic. You know you're wrong, you clearly have no idea how to use the word "unique", and you're in the middle of some shitty, weak attempt to insert some kind of non-existent sense of "saltiness" in what I've said. Just stop complaining and replying and you won't look like such an idiot.
I'm saying someone that plays more is more likely to have more gear. I'm legitimately not following your confusion with this concept. You're complaining that people that "nolife" the game have the gear you want, while you, someone that plays more casually, does not have all the gear you want. That is exactly how it would work in any game.
Well duh. They play more. That's just common sense. =\
Ignoring the rest of the post, why would your collection be unique? We're all playing the same game with the same loot...

Also, these events will happen again. Does it really matter if you don't get all the great the first time? =\
The last few seasons have been serialized, as in they locked themselves into an overarching, season-long story where everything needed to be connected to the plot.  It's not necessarily a bad thing, but you obviously run into issues if you want a standalone episode that doesn't tie into any larger narrative.
I only read Forever Evil and got through just fine.
I mean, you can say "FFS" all you want, but Iron Banner definitely has less unique about it than it did before.  It had unique quests, a unique vendor, buffs, and levels, along with the gear.  Now it just has the gear.  I don't personally care, but I can see how people feel it's lost a lot of it's identity here.  Pretending that the loot was the only thing different about Iron Banner is just silly.
I'm not judging anyone that does it.  If it doesn't affect you to do so, go for it, but I think it's just a crazy amount of money for what amounts to 1 book at the end of the day.
I really don't want to shell out the money for this thing.  It's going to be like $50 in separate issues.  I hate to do it, but I'm just going to have to wait for a trade.  I'm buying Metal right now, and that was the dumbest decision I've made.  It's the first time I finally decided to buy an event as it was going, and I legitimately cannot believe anyone spends that kind of money on comic books.
Yeah, I use this quite a bit, and it accounted for a large chunk of my points.  I also like their wallpapers quite a bit.  Could I just go swipe them from someone that uploaded them?  Sure, but I have the points and they're right there, so why not?
I can actually agree with this post.  I think the other bitchy posts are kinda dumb, as they are basically just saying "Random loot is random", but this is actually true.  Iron Banner does lack a defining characteristic at the moment.
Welcome to random endgame in RPGs. I swear, it's like most of you have never played a game with random loot drops. This is not a special phenomenon, and the fact that so many people here constantly complain about it is incredibly tiring. It's random. It's not trying to fill in the blanks in your arsenal.
Yeah, they go get Mr. Miracle and Big Barda to help them storm Apocalypse.
No, no.  Not Co2E the comic.  The movie.  I'm talking about being super lazy here.  Forever Evil is 100% a better primer, but you can get the basic idea of all the major players from those 2 movies without getting bogged down in continuity.
Honestly, there's animation that can just give you a rough idea of all the players.  Superman/Batman: Apocalypse has Mr. Miracle and Apocalypse, and Crisis on Two Earths pretty much sums up the Crime Syndicate.  Good choices if you want to be lazy. =P
To be fair, the ocean was a pretty spectacular way to keep people away from you for a few years.
It's not a comment, it's a question.  Do Libertarians encourage monopolies?  I don't know the answer.  I'm asking you.  I don't understand how *Libertarians* can believe the free market will handle everything if they're also against monopolies.

You was just a poor choice of pronoun.  It wasn't referring to you, /u/kaplanfx.
Do they encourage monopolies?  I don't understand how you could believe the free market will handle everything if you're also against monopolies.
There's nothing in the game that particularly helps with travel.  You will be walking for all your backtracking, sadly.  It really is the biggest flaw in an otherwise solid game.
It's not worth it at $20.  It is a really good game, but I just don't think it justifies a price that high, especially when you can get it for less on your phone and it plays just fine that way.
Axiom has one glaring flaw.  There's no quick travel system.  It doesn't matter so much in the beginning of the game, but when there is inevitable backtracking, it is absolutely torturous when you realize there's absolutely no good way to get back to the other side of the map in a reasonable amount of time.

That being said, it is a spectacular game.  The story probably shouldn't exist, but the gameplay is excellent and I enjoyed exploring the world.
Kinda?  Technically speaking, I guess he's not making him "better".  Joker wants to take away the things that have made him weak.  Joker wants *his* Batman back.  Batman has developed a family, and Joker believes that family is taking away the Batman he loves.  Batman should be his foil, but he's not anymore.  He's definitely Batman's enemy, but they're no longer two sides of the same coin.  Batman is a very different character than the Joker now.  Previously they were both alone, save for each other, in a twisted way.  Batman has moved on, in a way, and Joker hasn't.
No, you're right.  He can love him without it being sexual, which is probably a more accurate way to describe the Joker/Batman dynamic in Snyder's run.  It's definitely a deep, non-sexual love.
That's fair.  I don't really consider what is "against" what other writers have done.  Batman has been around for decades.  There's no way to be true to every writer's vision of the character, at least in my mind.  I just take each writer's version as it's own thing.  I tend to read individual stories or runs in no particular order as well though, so continuity isn't exactly a concept I care about.
> Why do writers feel they have to make Joker go gay for batman....like 70 years of writing the Joker/Batman dynamic and this is what current comics comes up with as ground breaking? Its fucking weird and whats weirder is that THIS wasn't how the dynamic was less than a decade ago. This recent obsession has got to stop.

I actually like the idea that Joker loves Batman.  It worked really well in Snyder's N52 run.  Joker wanting Batman to be the best Batman he could be through a bunch of horrible shit was great in Death of the Family, and his whole jilted lover vibe in Endgame was creepy as hell.
I agree about the event itself, but I think the tie-ins are actually very good on their own.  Ignoring the last like 2 pages of each issues gives you surprisingly great standalone stories.  Basically single-issue elseworlds stories.
> There are always torrents my friend.

Yep, pretty much.  No on can afford to read everything good.  Do your best not to pirate, but if you legitimately can't afford it, then I so go for it.  I did it when I was younger and didn't have expendable income, and I'd do it again if I ever had issues affording the books I wanted.

I tend to just wait for Comixology sales on DC stuff these days.  Marvel has unlimited, and I'm perfectly fine being 6 months behind.  I'm really hoping DC does something similar with that streaming service they keep touting.  At the moment, that thing seems super bare bones.
This is like a terrible, fugly Aladdin thing.  I don't know.  These past 2 chapters have been awful, and, honestly, I'm getting tired of all the environmentalist Ra's stuff.  I was really enjoying the series before, but this thread has been going on for what seems like forever.
Your friend eating boring chicken is not a representation of keto. That's just a person that didn't bother to cook something better. It's the keto equivalent of eating a frozen dinner. If you want delicious food, no matter your dietary restrictions, you're going to have to put some effort into it.
Never said it affected me. Just posted my comment on a forum. You didn't have to reply. But you did. And here we are, debating the semantics of chores.
I'm not required to wash my clothes, but it's still a chore when I choose to do it...
This sub really knows how to turn a game into a chore.
He certainly didn't act like Damian, nor did he particularly look like Damian in certain parts.  I wondered if it was actually him while reading it, but I couldn't think of anyone else it may be.
This was probably the worst issue of the series since it started.  It's really ugly in places, especially Damian's face, and the story setup is really dumb.
If people are spending points on rewards the system is working. Just because it doesn't ha e rewards you like doesn't mean it's not working. Nintendo doesn't care that YOU don't like the rewards.
I really like their wallpapers. That's about it. Sure, I could swipe them from somewhere else, but I have the points and they are right there. The 3DS themes can be nice too.

Honestly, it is what it is. Nintendo doesn't care if you don't like them. Club Nintendo is gone. Get over it. It's been gone for a long time.
I disliked it quite a bit, and I think most people that enjoy it are giving it a pass purely out of nostalgia.  The battling is a drastically simplified version of Pokemon while the breeding and Digivolving [DV for brevity] is incredibly tedious.  The story is incredibly generic.  The game consists of trips back and forth between the real world and the digital world.  Unfortunately, you spend much more time in the real world during the story, and it is basically a distillation of the worst parts of RPGs.  Boring fetch quests, exhaustively repeated environments (this applies to the Digital World as well), no-personality characters, and just all around boredom.  It is tedium in game form.  As a JRPG, I think it's terrible.

Now, as a monster raising game, I think it's serviceable.  While the DV mechanics are tedious if you want stronger monsters, it is rewarding to get those Digimon, and it can be fun playing with the various mechanics to min/max you characters, but I think the grinding isn't worth the effort and nostalgia only takes you so far.

Honestly, if you don't have affection for the franchise, there's nothing here that will help you.  It's a reasonably fun monster raising game inside a thoroughly awful JRPG.
Yep.  It does.  Easy to miss if you're not looking for it though.  They didn't know the TVs could cast.
If I'm remembering correctly, he couldn't remember where he'd gotten the file.  I have no idea what the file was supposed to be, but it wasn't a video, and they were being cautious.  Unless you've used a chromecast before, it's not entirely apparently that the TV has switched inputs.  It looks kinda like a YouTube app just magically opens.
It turned out that IT was attempting to open a file on the computer at pretty much the exact moment I sent the videos.  As soon as they double clicked the file the screen went black and turned into goats screaming.  I could hear it down the hall.  I heard a lot of confused talk from everyone.  I ran back to my office to contain my laughter.  At first they assumed the file on the President's computer was somehow fucked up.  They wiped his computer because they couldn't recreate the issue.

I did eventually mention seeing that the TVs had Google Cast support on their box.  This was after the fact so as not to arouse suspicion that it was me that had sent the file.  They realized what had happened, but didn't know who'd ultimately sent the video.
Metroid Samus Returns, Stemworld Dig 2, Danganronpa V3 Demo, and Destiny 2.  All are great for very different reasons.
I did that when we got TVs with Chromecast support.  I was pretty boring.  I just sent a video of goats screaming loudly to it during a meeting.
I don't think you can actually link to Facebook anymore.
If I didn't buy Metroid Samus Returns, I'd be all over this. I absolutely love Steamworld Dig 1. It was amazing. I'll pick this up the moment I'm done with Metroid for sure 
I'm sure MURDER MACHINE will also be a compassionate soul seeking to save his world.
I literally did the same thing as that guy to another guy. It was the first guy I thought I loved. I was trying to figure out my sexuality at the time, and made the incredible mistake of rooming with this guy in college. I knew, for a fact, that he was not interested in me that way, and I knew he was not a fan of gay people. But we were friends in high school before I came out. I knew it was a bad idea to room together. Heck, I knew it was a bad idea to go to school with him in a different state and isolate myself from anyone else I knew. I even hung out at the college's Baptist Collegiate Ministry building with him, being unhappy with my surroundings and getting more obsessed with him as a result. He was my only friend in a prison of my own design. I'd created a situation where there was nothing positive to say or think that didn't revolve around him. I'm a gay atheist that has nothing nice to say about religion in general. I had no business being in that situation, but I was, because I wanted him and I thought it could happen if I pestered him enough or followed him around or tried to ruin his relationships. I was jealous of his friends, I was jealous when he started dating someone. I became so mean and vindictive, and I couldn't see it for so long. I said and did some really terrible things to him, and it took awhile for me to see how bad they were. Like this guy, I just wanted one more chance, but he clearly wanted nothing to do with me. Credit to him though, he put up with me for longer than he should have. But, I think his acceptance of me when I came out to him only served to reinforce my warped sense of our relationship. Made me think I could get more somehow. It was such a terrible way to think of the situation. He was being open minded in a way he never thought he would, and I was just scheming to get what I wanted out of him. It was cruel and shameful.

I haven't spoken to him in years at this point, but I think about that time in my life occasionally and I cringe so hard it makes my chest hurt. I'm glad it didn't ruin my life, and I hope he's doing well and I didn't cause any lasting problems due to my obsession. Unlike OP, I have no idea what that guy is doing, and I have no desire to know.

Honestly though, I wish I'd gotten help like OP. It would have meant a lot, but I was too embarrassed to tell anyone what happened or ask for help. I just sat at college, seeing him occasionally, avoiding him, and feeling terrible until it was over. It was awful, but now I have a partner that I love that loves me and friends I enjoy. I assume I live far away from him, but I wouldn't know. And I'm comfortable with myself and my beliefs now, which helped a lot. I have a very hard time remembering why I acted like that or how I could. I don't feel that way anymore, and I haven't since, but it was me, somehow. Obsession fucks with your mind, and without help, you do fucked up things that are hard to recognize. That was me then, but, luckily, not now. I worked on it privately, but I would highly suggest getting help if you can. Doing it yourself feels terrible and is probably dangerous. I was never suicidal, but I think that's because my willingness to kill myself mever trumped my fear of death. I think someone with different priorities could harm themselves in a similar situation.
Guys, the slice where you decide to masturbate is so small because you decide to do it so quickly.
Are you not seeing the irony in your argument. You're saying people don't vote with their feelings by basing that entire argument on your feelings. :P
I don't think a lack of religion makes Atheists significantly different than any other group of people. We may vote for different candidates, but we vote for the same reasons as everyone else.
Doubtful.  People are super predictable.  They largely vote based on personal beliefs, not any kind of facts or evidence.  It's nice to think atheists are somehow more enlightened, but we're not, on the whole, much different than any other group of people.  More likely they dislike religious people.  Where religious people are more likely to vote for religious people based on belief, Atheists are probably less likely to vote for a religious person based on belief.  In this case, Trump made a much bigger deal about religion.
Sounds more like you read into them what you wanted instead of what Bungie said.
Well, it is just a theory after all.
Nothing crazy.  Walked in on a janitor watching porn in our break room.  No idea if he had plans to masturbate or not.  He was just leaning back, belly showing, with some fairly loud moaning coming out of his phone.  He freaked out a bit when I walked in.  I got a drink out of the fridge and left without acknowledging what had happened.  It didn't really bother me.  I'd prefer he use headphones in the bathroom though.
Couple of things that aren't great to hear, but are usually true.

1. You probably won't end up doing whatever you study in university the rest of your life.

2. Undergraduate classes are not representative of what you'd be doing in a workplace.

Honestly, regardless of what you learn, both positions would more likely involve you interacting with an ERP instead of doing much of the manual stuff you're going to do in your undergrad.

According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, Accounting will have the higher demand in the future, about 11% growth between 2014 and 2024.  HR only had 5% growth estimate.

EDIT:  For the record, the HR growth is about average, while the Accounting growth is above average.  If you want money, learn Accounting Information Systems.  Information is where the money's at.
In-sync moaning in group scenes.  I like gangbangs, both gay and straight.  Straight gangbangs are fine, for the most part.  Gay gang bangs on the other hand seem to have the incessant need for everyone involved to moan in unison.  It's super annoying.
He's been gone 0 episodes and we're already getting a teaser for his return...
As opposed to non-mecha Cyborg?...
Eh, I always post with something like "Casual raid.  Have fun, get loot, get checkpoints.  Probably won't finish in one go".  I raid to have fun, and I make sure others know that before they join my groups.  I've never made a group that required anyone know anything beforehand, nor have I required that they be above the recommended LL for the raid.  If you can get in the raid, you can come with my group and have some fun.
Why does someone responding to a YouTube comment need it's own topic?...
Loved this. It was spectacular. By far my favorite read this week.
I'm a lot less hype than everyone else seems to be. I thought this issue was more stupid than fun. It had some fun dialog, but the plot was just a bunch of random garbage thrown at the reader. There are so many dumb comic book cliche moments tossed in this issue that I couldn't help but roll my eyes everytime a new thing was revealed (which was like every 2 panels, it seemed like). I just couldn't get into it. I liked the first issue, but this one was just too dumb in my opinion. I'm glad everyone else is enjoying it though.
I'm in the middle of it. I applied for a job that pays less but I really want. It will lead to much better opportunities for me later. The pay is fine. I currently get paid an oddly high amount given my age and the industry in which I work. I was just at the right place at the right time to get the money.

I didn't think I'd get this other job, and I needed the heating and air systems completely redone in my house. Very expensive job. Well, I did get the job AFTER I'd started the heat and air job, and now I have to move after paying for this shit.
I always like to ask someone to briefly describe a day at the workplace. What's it like on a typical workday? It becomes less useful the more experience you get in a particular industry, but it was an enlightening question when I first started and didn't know what to expect.
There's not a lot there that excited me.  Normally, I'm jealous after a new iPhone announcement.  My phone ends up looking less good or I can definitely tell it will perform worse.  There's always a few things that make me think "It may be time to switch".  Honestly though, I got a Galaxy S8 with that trade-in offer earlier this year, and I legitimately can't find anything about which I'd be jealous.  The S8 looks better (imo, obviously) has more features I find useful (and better implementations of those features, I think), and performs spectacularly.  I can't figure out a reason to choose this over an Galaxy S8, especially given the price.
I don't think anyone suggested you should use screenshots.  The person to whom you're responding said his boss wanted live demos for newly implemented features without any kind of script.  You can have a scripted, live demo.  In fact, if you're just going off the cuff for every demo, that's a pretty dumb decision.
Everyone's just jealous they can't visit an Apple ~~Store~~ Space.
You don't do what your watch says without question?  I mean, come on, is that one guy that stands up on command not inspiring?
Dragging out the phone stuff as long as possible, eh?
Well, apparently, there's like 20 minutes talking about stores most people will never visit. =\
So...Apple events really like to talk about stores, huh?
Arkansas isn't exactly flush with indian grocery stores.  We pretty much have Walmart and all the abandoned buildings where grocery stores were before Walmart showed up.
Do you need the kasoori methi?  Does it make a big difference?  I know I can't buy that around here, and I don't really feel like waiting for it to ship in.
Eh, maybe in a freshman Macro Econ class.  It's not 2 straight lines crossing in real-world applications though.  Supply/Demand dynamics are more complicated than that.  Having low supply at a time when money is spent readily on non-necessities does not help demand or your bottom line.  Supply issues in March?  Sure, you could say that's a marketing ploy.  Supply issues in November?  Those are probably legitimate supply issues.
No. It's not worth appreciating. There are other problems with the game, shaders are just the easiest to get behind as a group. There are still glitches and disconnects happening. There were people playing D1 that didn't experience any issues either. I like D2 so far, but there's no reason to stick your head up Bungie's ass because they only made one egregiously greedy decision with the game so far. They're a company, and this is their product. You shouldn't appreciate it for *only* having one major flaw (in your opinion, at least). You paid for it, and if it's got issues, then those issues should be fixed. Not celebrated for being minimal.
I really don't understand being so difficult about this. I know Wikipedia is not the first result when searching for the definition of the word. And I know that other definitions, including Merriam-Webster do not have that stipulation. We'll have to agree to disagree, though this is obviously a semantics argument, as many people simply refer to all abortion as murder. You're arbitrarily choosing a period when it's no longer abortion.
>No, that's not what it is. Abortion is terminating a pregnancy before viability, and generally removal of tissue in the process. 

Come on now, a quick Google search will tell you that's not true.
Definitely not an easy choice.  Simple, maybe, but not easy.
I don't think it's a semantics argument.  Terminating a pregnancy is an abortion.  That's just what it is.

And the general survivability isn't as relevant in this case.  According to the article, this was an exception to the law, which prevents abortions after 20 weeks, unless a medical expert testifies that continuing the pregnancy is life threatening to the mother and/or fetus.  According to the article, a panel of experts testified to that it was life-threatening to continue.  The panel, despite noting that the baby could survive, favored terminating.
> At 31 weeks a baby can survive on its own...

That's true, and the medical experts testified to that fact as well, according to the article; however, they also testified the baby would need intensive neo-natal care and that the mother and babe would be at "grave risk".  The medical board, despite the viability of the pregnancy, favored termination.  According to this article, abortions are prohibited after 20 weeks unless "a registered medical practitioner certifies to a court that the continued pregnancy is life-threatening for either the mother or the baby.", and according to the article they had a panel of medical experts testify to that fact.

It certainly wasn't murder, but it was a difficult choice in a very difficult situation.
Wow, that must have been a tough decision to make.  Regardless of your feelings on abortion, this is definitely not a clear-cut case with an easy choice.  I think I agree with the verdict, but I'm selfishly glad I didn't have to make it.
Unless you're going to go to grad school, C's are fine, especially if you can get some experience while you're at it.  Hell, you can do a vocation, get all C's, and make more money than the vast majority of people with a certificate you received in a year.  I work for a community college, and we have a program where all of our vocational programs are free.  You can literally make money going here if you get PELL, and you can have a guaranteed job in things like welding or HVAC in less than a year.  C's are perfectly acceptable.
That was magical.
No, it's not that bullshit.  And if you want a key for it, PM me.  I subscribe and I already own it, so no need for the key.
If you don't own it, this is a no questions asked scenario.  That game is absolutely spectacular, and that is an all-time low.  You will absolutely get your money's worth.
If you have friends that play it.  If not, then no.  I only care about the PvE with the occasional PvP when there's a special event or something.
Eh, this sub is less about atheism and more about being anti-religious, at least in my experience.  I had similar issues when trying to get involved in a secular group where I live.  I thought it would be fun to hang out with folks that weren't religious.  Ease some of the tension, but they were more interested in religion bashing than normal conversation.  This sub falls victim to a similar problem pretty often.
Sometimes the overtly anti-religious circlejerk in this sub really bums me out.
Eh, I can only speak anecdotally, but I don't think anyone has checked my bill to verify I tipped then publicly brought it to everyone's attention that I did not.  I'm not saying you're wrong or that it doesn't happen, but it the scenario is not one I've ever encountered.
That may be true, but this particular conversation is related to tipping in food service industries.  Walmart is an entirely different beast.
> I've seen all those things in High school.

I'm sorry, but I don't believe that.  Calculus is pretty easy to grasp in broad terms in secondary school, but I'm not really convinced you're making it to differential equations and non-trivial proofs.
There's a pretty obvious difference.  The $2 was optional.
This is just not true.  You can easily breeze through undergraduate work just as easily as you wandered through high school if you want.  Not graduate-level, but there are defintiely certain disciplines in undergrad that are more than happy to let you coast.
I think you're oversimplifying it for the sake of argument though.  I agree that the customer technically pays the workers in the end.  But subsidizing is a different concept.  In the case of tipping, you're basically being charitable instead of just paying for services rendered.


I'm not saying you're wrong, but I think you're being "technically" correct to the detriment of the debate.
Like I said, if we approach from a purely capitalistic standpoint, you'd pretty much be left with McDonald's and Taco Bell simply because they deal in the sheer numbers required to be profitable and pay a reasonable amount of workers.
I don't think it's the inconvenience of doing math that really bothers people.  I mean sure, it's a little tedious at a certain point, but I don't think the main reason people dislike tipping is because they have do some arithmetic.


Generally, I've just seen the argument that a full-time job should pay a livable wage.  Customers shouldn't be responsible for subsidizing a restaurant's shitty pay.  Of course, that does have other problems.  If you go hardcore capitalist, the only restaurants that would exist would be McDonald's and Taco Bell.  But, it does suck putting the burden on the customer to pay your staff what you're unwilling to pay them.
The math in high school is not representative of higher level math.  Really, Calculus would be your freshman class.  Calculus II is an altogether different beast that starts to give you a broader perspective of things to come.  There's probably be some kind of "Intro to Proofs" class your Sophomore year, with some Linear Algebra and Calculus III in there too.  Calc III is generally considered a cakewalk compared to Calc II.  Then, after your first proofs class, the floodgates open.  You can hit Euclidean and Non-Euclidean Geometry, Real Analysis (theoretical Calculus), Abstract Algebra (theoretical Algebra), Differential Equations (ODEs) and Partial Differential Equations (PDEs), Mathematical Statistics (which is really different than regular Statistics), Cryptology, and much stranger things, depending on the specialties of the faculty in your math department.

Math can quickly become more about writing essays than solving for a variable.  Fun fact, you can write entire paragraphs in just math symbols, which is pretty satisfying when you can do it quickly, and really bewildering to any non-math person trying to decipher what the fuck it means.
Minimums, not minimum.  There are multiple possible minimums based on different scenarios of mind swapping.  Of all those minimums, which is the largest.  If one group has a minimum of 2, another has a minimum of 4, and another of 6, the largest minimum is 6.  All are a minimum for that specific group, but you want the largest minimum to solve the theorem.
I agree with /u/bluenoser613.   Data is the future.  Companies are currently shelling out billions to flesh out their information systems departments.  Business intelligence, informatics, database admins, etc.  Hugely lucrative and in extremely high demand.  Personally, if it's offered at your school, I'd at least take a peek at Informatics.
If you've never masturbated in the woods, you're missing out.  It's refreshing.  Though, I think the novelty wears off the older you get.
Walmart will hire someone with a felony.
I left some porn in the woods.  It's not rocket science.  I was masturbating in the woods.  There was a trail on the way home that had a path leading to a secluded opening.  For some reason, I enjoy being nude in public.  Heightens the tension, I guess.  I'd go to the opening when I walked home from school, strip down to nothing, and fap one out.  Nothing terribly interesting.  I took porn back there a few times.  Didn't need it though, so I left it.
A huge job opportunity came through.  I'm a self-taught SQL programmer that does some BI stuff.  I've been learning for about 3 years now, and I work for a small community college writing reports and various automation scripts and stuff.  I rose pretty quickly in state work.  3 years in and I'm a supervisor that makes about $50k (which is amazing for a small community college in AR).  But I applied for a job at one of the largest universities in the state (ASU) thinking I wouldn't get it, but apparently they loved me and I got offered a job.  Sad part, it's a pay cut (I make an abnormally high amount of money for my age [26] and years in the business [3]), but there are so many more opportunities at a place like that.  I'll be able to network with so many more people and I'll resources I never dreamed of at my current job.  I'm incredibly excited.
This is a headline like every other day.  It's not even believable to me anymore.  I dislike Trump a great deal, but this is the equivalent of Michael Scott "declaring" bankruptcy on The Office at this point.
Trying to out-ugly the Destiny 2 controller, I see. I can respect that.
It's really expensive to start. You can't get accreditation right away either. And getting accredited is a confusing, arduous process, that if you fail, you have to wait a year too try again.
It's weird reading things like that.  I work for a community college in a very poor city.  We don't turn people away and we're almost completely funded by the state.  It costs about $1200 to go here full-time, and if you get full PELL grants (which like 90% of our students qualify for that), you'll make money going here.  We cannot be selective at all.  We accept everyone, regardless of test score or background.  We are well aware that a large chunk of the incoming freshman have trouble reading or doing basic arithmetic, but we accept them anyways, and we go to work trying to make up for a broken education system that failed them spectacularly.  We start from the ground up and try to get them ready within 2 years.  Many of them start off in Fundamentals of Writing, Developmental Reading, and Fundamentals of Math learning to construct a sentence, understand basic language, add, and subtract.  It is an extremely long road, and the overwhelming majority of these students will take closer to 3-4 years to get their Associate's degree simply because of how far behind they are.  Many of them are single parents, lack a vehicle, have a full-time job or multiple part-time jobs.  They are almost all universally extremely high risks, with an abysmally low success rate in non-vocational areas, but we accept them anyways.  We cannot construct a class to our liking.  We cannot overcharge or be picky in any way.  We work with what we have.  We go out into the community to recruit people.  We offer them the chance to learn skills like welding or HVAC or transfer to a 4-year university.  We keep track of how they are doing and have a team responsible for student retention.  They go out and help these students finish what they started, so they can do better than the people around them.  Sometimes we succeed and they succeed, most of the time they fail.  It is crazy to imagine schools where their only problem is who to deny access.  I mean, I know that's the point of an Ivy League school, but education elsewhere is so fucked up and depressing, that sometimes you forget that there are places that can thrive based on exclusivity.
The latest expansion is already down to $20 for PC on Amazon, and you can get the entire game for like $30 on CDKeys (assuming you're willing to use CDKeys).  It's pretty routinely cheaper on PC, for sure.

A word of warning though, there are 2 ways to play on PC.  The Steam version and the Square Enix version.  You cannot have a version that activates on Steam and use it with the Square Enix version, so just make sure you're good with whatever platform you choose.  If you want to switch (say from Square Enix version to Steam) you will have to re-buy the game.  It's not really something you'll notice, but I've seen some people accidentally buy Steam-only redeem keys without realizing they had the non-Steam version installed.
I did say you could find a better game for $5.
I don't know if it was supposed to be an MMO.  It was definitely supposed to lead to an MMO, as they announced the follow-up before the developer responsible for the game shut down.
Oh, I wholeheartedly agree.  It's a very good game.  I know it's just playing semantics, but I'd say it's like a Metroidvania-lite or something.  Like, an action RPG infused with some metroidvania bits.
I mean, if you're stressing over $3, then I probably wouldn't even recommend the base game.  There are certainly better games for $5, and you could always wait another year or two for it to hit $1-$3.


I really can't answer the question though.  I don't think it's useful to say "yes" or "no" when the cost is so low regardless of the version.  It's a good game, and if you enjoy it, the DLC is more of that.
I always hesitate to say it's a Metroidvania.  I know everyone says that's what it is, but really, there's almost no backtracking in this game.  I guess you can fill out the map, but to what end?  You're never really hunting down items or upgrades or any of the things that incentivize exploration in other Metroidvanias.  This game is extremely linear.  That being said, it's a good game, and it certainly pretends to be a Metroidvania pretty well, but's really just an action-RPG with a Metroidvania map for no particular reason.  If you're into Metroidvania's for the exploration and item hunting, I don't think this scratches that itch as well as games like Ori and the Blind Forest.
Kingdoms of Amalur + DLC for $8 is pretty good.  It holds up really well, though I always thought the story was pretty weak compared to other western RPGs.  Still, it's a good game with really great feeling combat.  It's a shame other games in the genre haven't taken that combat.  For $8 you're getting a ton of game though.
This literally sounds like a guy a hired a few months ago.  I dislike him immensely and I regret hiring him.  He's not terrible at his job, so I can't fire him, I just dislike everything about him and everything he says.  I can't explain it.  Something about hearing him complain that he can't afford a new PC when I know he has LITERALLY NO FUCKING BILLS AND IS MAKING $40K TO SIT ON HIS ASS AND DO NOTHING just rubs me the wrong way.


And for the record, when I hired him, I had just been promoted.  I had one job opening, and I had been working in my department alone for the better part of a year before I was finally promoted.  When I was promoted, I was given a "use it or lose it" scenario with the vacant position.  Either fill it, or they would close it to save money and assume the department was fine without it.  This is a government job, so I had to hire the first person to apply with reasonably close qualifications willing to take the meager pay we were offering.  I didn't realize it would be a giant man-child whose mom drops him off at work every morning.
The part where he hopped around in the balloon legitimately made me laugh out loud.
I mean...I guess she's not entirely wrong, but I definitely disagree with the spirit of her statement.
Personally, I don't like either, but I'm not a huge fan of branded controllers.  Colors and designs are cool, but names of things on my controller look tacky to me.  I'll say that the unofficial one definitely had more effort than the official, but I wouldn't buy either.
The older I get, the less I like the word faggot.  It doesn't offend me, I just don't like the sound of it.  I don't hold it against my friends when they say it, and I'm perfectly fine with gay humor.  I participate a lot, because it's funny.  But the specific word faggot just doesn't do it for me anymore.
Literally always the answer.
Online classes are terrible.  Where I work they have higher fail rates, lower success rates in succeeding courses, and they cost more.  At the university down the road they cost nearly 3x/credit hour compared to a face-to-face course.  And, the bad part about the uni is that no one tells you that when you sign up for courses.  My partner got a surprise bill because his credit hour cost went from $184/hr to $400/hr, and no one bothered to warn him that would happen.
Put Python on your resume, demonstrate that you know Python in the hands-on portion of the interview. That's pretty much all there is to it when it comes to coding.
I think he was saying the initial price gouging wasn't a direct result of political greed, but corporate greed.  He did finish by saying the sustained gouging can't be solved unless politicians get involved with pricing.
Are my eyes deceiving me?  Tom Cotton only voted for partial repeal?  But...that's like...not totally monstrous.  It's mostly monstrous, but not totally.  Did he have a minor Grinch moment, but his heart only grew by like 1/100th of a heart?
You didn't eat bacon and eggs before keto? =\
I've only tried fathead and cauliflower.  Neither was worth the effort, in my opinion.  Cauliflower was better.
Fathead is one thing I can never get my head around. I've had it a few times. It's alright. I'd never say it was amazing or delicious. It's fine, I guess. Not really a good substitute for pizza. There are lots of good substitutes for common goods on keto, but this has never even been close for me. It's always massively disappointing every time I have it.  I'm glad other people are so gaga about it, I just don't understand why.
I don't think I've ever read anything with Plastic Man in it, but Tom Taylor writes an awesome Plastic Man.  I loved him in the Year 4 annual, and he's great here.  So he'll probably die, and I'll be sad.
I feel kind of scummy reading some of those tweets.  Not just the wacko ones either, but all of them.  I mean, regardless of what you think of Trump, I assume your kid has friends in the scouts and uses it as a social network.  So many people threatening to either push more of this on their kids or cut them off from their friends because of it.  Just seems kinda gross.  He made a shitty speech and you don't like it, fine.  Don't use your kids and their friends as leverage to make a stand though.
I always thought it was weird that people created a dichotomy like this.  I mean, I understand why vegetarians don't eat meat, but why is it so funny for non-vegetarians to not eat vegetarian options?  I mean, I love both grilled steak and a grilled portabella mushroom.  I like chicken and tofu.  Tasty is tasty.

Yes, I realize the post was a joke, but people do tend to act like vegetarian options for everything are somehow worse, when that's not necessarily true, and even if it is, it doesn't actually hurt to eat something else.
But I am definitively telling that's not what I meant. You're both arguing with me about my own intentions, while I'm telling you what they were. =\
Oh, I thought it just said "movie".

Reagrdless, I really do think you're coming at this from a purist standpoint, instead of how either would realistically be made. Hand was important...in the book. The movie for either would likely be far different than the book, and looking at how DC prefers to cut material and characters, I do believe BN could be more easily truncated.
In a literal translation, sure. But Blackest Night could be done now, while only adding a Green Lantern to the DCEU. Hand would be a minor character, and Nekron would be pretty straightforward. I think SCW is missing the most characters and concepts. BN could easily just be a Justice League movie.
I think you're reading too much into it.  I don't really think the original picture was newsworthy.  The person to whom I was talking seems to agree, and also agrees that his/her own kid dressed up is not newsworthy.
I guess I can see how you would interpret it that way.  My point was, would that person feel it was newsworthy that his kid dressed in a costume.  Not that he would organize the photo opportunity personally.
I don't think anyone said Liev Schreiber had anything to do with it.
I've never seen Community, sorry. :(
Hey, that's alright.  It's good that you made an informed decision.  Some people stick it out, accruing debt for no reason whatsoever.  We see it all the time.


But, we offer things like that.  We are incorporating database coding into our Information Systems degree (Intro and Advanced SQL, which I'll teach, actually), we're adding a mobile coding piece to it as well (bought several classes worth of iPads for that), and we have an incredibly well-respected networking program, with higher employment rates than 4-year universities in the area.  In fact, even though the classes don't qualify for transfer, the universities do accept our networking classes for transfer simply because they are backed by the guy that runs our CNET program.


And, to top it all off, Arkansas just started the AR Future Grant which pays full tuition to anyone getting into a 2-year STEM or High Demand program, so all of the things above (as well as Nursing, HVAC, Welding, CAD, and Electro-Mechanical Systems) are all tuition free.

These are things no one tells you when you go to college.  They just get you into classes and tell you to graduate.  We monitor your progress, intervene when we notice you start failing or missing class, have small classes with much more personal interaction, and we make sure you can get through all of it affordably.


My partner went to a 4-year, and I remember he was making money based on PELL, but enrolled in an online course.  No one told him the online courses cost 4x as much as lecture-based courses.  He ended up owing money, because 1 online class was a surprise $1200, and it was a bullshit, non-major course.  The longer I work in higher education, the more I wish people understood the value in community colleges, even if they just want to get their basics and transfer to a 4-year immediately afterwards.
People are more likely to post if they have something to bitch about.  That's pretty obvious if you've ever taken a look at this sub.  Of course, there are the inevitable posts kissing Bungie's ass too, but really, those are just posts complaining about complaining, so they just reinforce my original point.  There are tons of people that are perfectly content with the beta.  I thought it was fine, and there were a few things I wished had been different.  But I'll either get used to it, or be driven to bitch online.  I'm not driven to bitch based on a 1 hour demo.
But would you have someone post a news article about it for no particular reason? =P
Ah, Justice League Dark.  The movie where Batman just stands in the background uselessly throwing batarangs at everything.
I think the entire movie is worth it for the scene where an eagle lands on Superman's arm.  I have no idea why an eagle landed on Superman's arm, but dammit if I didn't laugh out loud when it did.
No, but I imagine "factories and a Walmart" describes the work situation in a lot of poor towns.
Looks like a cool costume.  I don't know why there's a news article specifically about it.  It's not a statement or anything.  Just a kid dressed up for fun.
I think I'd prefer Sinestro Corps War, but Blackest Night would probably work better and require less setup.
I know other people like New Orleans, but I hated it.  It's crowded, smells like piss and sweat, it's stupidly humid, it's overrun with homeless people following you around asking for money, and everyone's drunk.


I can see where it might not be so bad if you are also drunk, but sober, it's torture.  To me, at least.

EDIT:  Food's good though.
Yep, we have a very good vocational section of our school focused on getting jobs.  Sadly, we have issues getting students into those programs.  They all want to take courses for transfer to a 4-year, but so many of them have no plan outside of transferring.  Our welding program has a 100% employment rate over the last 5 years or so, but less people enroll every year.  It can be frustrating.
Yeesh, I've been on keto for like 7 months, and lost 10 lbs. I guess I'm doing it wrong.
So, I graduated and promptly moved to another state for university.  I didn't bother to keep in touch with anyone.  I eventually moved back home with my partner due to some financial troubles.  I had an extended recovery period from a major back surgery and could not work.  Now I work for a community college in the area as an institutional researcher and BI analyst.  I work a lot on projects designed to push people to get jobs.  The economy here is terrible.  A few factories and Walmart are almost all the jobs.  Everyone is horribly poor and uneducated.  It's very sad.

Anyways, since I started working at the school, I have seen a lot of people that went to high school with me come through this community college.  Most of them don't seem to have done anything since high school.  They immediately had kids or just sat around getting high or something else.  They have the same friends, who are in the same situation.  It's sad sometimes, but it's also encouraging to see them going to school.  They are coming to get certificates in HVAC or Welding or something else.  Really spectacular programs that will really improve their lives if they finish.  Lots of guaranteed, well-paying jobs.

But, as to the question, going back to your local community college in your mid-20's seems to be a telltale sign that you peaked in high school in this community.  That being said, hopefully after their time at this school that won't be their peak anymore.
I know. I call bullshit.
No idea.  Cosmic Star Heroine is just on my wishlist and I know it's never been lower because I keep track of things on my wishlist.
2018 for KH3 you say?  I say bullshit.
Well, technically the character you heard is dead.  You've never heard this new character, so there's nothing to miss.  Problem solved.
No shit.
I played the mission, the strike, and 3 matches of PvP then deleted the beta.  It was good.  I had a few problems.  I thought my character felt a little sluggish, I thought power ammo didn't really seem to drop very often, and I thought pulse rifles seemed to do more damage while scout rifles seemed to do less.  But I had a good time and didn't feel the need to write a dissertation about it.
[Walden's Farm](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00024DB6O/ref=oh_aui_search_detailpage?ie=UTF8&psc=1)
Does anyone actually read this subreddit?  The number of conflicting opinions is hilariously awesome.  "Too much focus on PVP".  "You're focusing too much on PvE".  "Give PVP more attention!".  "Stop shafting PVE!!!".  Seriously.  If Bungie takes fan feedback seriously, and uses this subreddit as a basis for that, it must be exhausting constantly reading exactly opposite arguments.


Am I the only one that notices this?  Surely not.
I do both of these at my employer.  I work at a school.  During the regular year, non-faculty staff work 5-8s and during the summer we work 4-10s.  I'm not sure which I prefer.  I despise waking up so early, but having the extra day off is glorious.  I also hate being at work until 6pm.  It feels like so much of the day is gone when I get home, and I have to go to bed early to be up for work.  On the other hand, you get used to it, and it sucks losing that Friday when you go back.

Personally, I'd probably stick with the 4-10s if given the choice, but I'm saying this having been doing it for a couple months now.  Ask me after a few months back on 5-8s and I'd probably tell you the opposite because I like waking up later and leaving early.
Wow, someone actually mentioned entitlements as an issue.  Color me surprised.
I like Pokemon content, and there are lots of good channels with Pokemon content, but 2 come to mind.

[Pimpnite](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLazBL8oFsnCPsi19UuFdQbKRExwsAWzps) does Pokemon video game battles.  The big part of his channel is theme battles, where he battles people with restrictions on his team based on a theme.  Bulbasaur evolutions only, green shinies only, non-damaging moves only, recoil moves only, etc.  He has 400+ of these, and they are very entertaining.

[The Top Cut](https://www.youtube.com/user/TopCutPokemon/featured) has a playlist called [Bad Deck Monday](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLwt5WNsSQ0NcMJFpBos6JVa2ox5Va_dzj) where he takes terrible pokemon TCG decks and plays them.  It's extremely entertaining.  There are lots of people that do YouTube videos of competitive Pokemon, and some of them are really good, and have more videos, but Bad Deck Monday is fun even for inexperienced players.  It shows you some decks that aren't based around really expensive cards, and shows you that the game can be really fun with the right ideas.

Competitive streamers that can also be binged, and have tons of videos are [DarkIntegralGaming](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC18Y2Z7TqLHFvg4Fk3UkbRg) (prepare for someone who is uncomfortably happy), [Discount Pokemon Decks](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwojwdBGk7bbezoA7YkwE7Q) (only plays affordable decks), [YellowSwellow](https://www.youtube.com/user/YellowSwellow) (personality may not be for everyone), [TheTokenMinorities](https://www.youtube.com/user/TheTokenMinorities) (another really positive streamer with a good personality).

EDIT:  Each of the streamers above also take the time to explain their decks and how they work in any video they do.  So if you're new to TCG, go ahead and give one of them a watch.  See which one has a personality you like, and you can learn how the competitive side of the game works.
Even if you wanted to trade wait, it's usually confusing or even more expensive somehow.  The events and tie-ins are separated by individual book, so it's such a hassle to just buy the stuff related to the event.  Torrents are nice enough to have it all together, in reading order.  I have no idea why DC, Marvel, or Comixology can't do that...
Alright, now tell me how much this will cost to read.  Because that's why I always opt out of events or I pirate them.  I can't afford to drop like $100 on tie-ins and the events rarely make sense without them.  Marvel is much worse about this than DC, but DC's not innocent either.
I really don't understand being so excited about this or crushed that you can't play it.  It's like 1 hour of content.  I mean, I want to play it too, but it doesn't really matter whether it's now or after work or tomorrow or next week.  It's still barely anything.
Seriously.  It clearly states that they approved their monument because it met all their requirements.  It's pretty straightforward.
> cities across the US tried this and were sued by the FFRF or Satanists.

I think Little Rock, AR is next on this list, unfortunately.
No.  Prime saves off MSRP.  So this is actually better than Prime.


That being said, I did have success calling Amazon and asking for 20% off a preorder after the price had reduced farther.  So, I did get the 20% off the reduced price.  But that is highly YMMV.  The only reason I got that discount was because a rep told me I would before it even released.  Likely, you'd have to get someone to guarantee you the discount, then you would fail to get the discount, then you'd have to chat with a rep and verify that the first rep guaranteed you the price, and finally, hope the new rep honors the old rep's guarantee.
Beat this and Unravel.  That's what I did with my 7-day trail.
[Cosmic Star Heroine](https://store.playstation.com/#!/en-us/games/cosmic-star-heroine/cid=UP0707-CUSA03167_00-ZEBOYDCSHFG00001) is an all-time low at $7.50.  Not sure if the Vita version is still being made, but they've said a Switch version is coming "later this year".  It's reminiscent of Chrono Trigger in it's style, and Zeboyd has been a quality 8-bit and 16-bit JRPG developer for quite some time now.  Seems like a really solid buy.
Teslagrad is cross-buy as well.
Excellent!  Didn't even notice that.  Then yes, totally worth the penny.
I'm not entirely sure. Only like 2 out of the 10 or so guys felt that it would help them.  I'm not sure if anyone actually signed up for it in the end.  It was a really strange thing to ask.

I told them I didn't see an issue with masturbation.  They tried to explain why it was bad, and I told them it was healthy.  I didn't give it much mind after the meeting.  I wasn't there because I was interested in God or religion.  I had a crush on a friend, and it was a misguided attempt to connect.  Now that I'm a bit older, I know not to bother with that particular crowd.  Not super gay friendly, it turns out.
[Xeodrifter](http://store.steampowered.com/app/319140/Xeodrifter/) is a great game, especially for $0.99.  Just a solid metroid-like game that you can finish in an afternoon.  I really enjoyed it on the 3DS.

[Mutant Mudds Deluxe](http://store.steampowered.com/app/247370/Mutant_Mudds_Deluxe/) Is also a really solid platformer by the same developer.  It can be pretty difficult, but it's like a slow, yet precise platformer. 

You can also get them bundled, though it seems to cost $0.01 more: [Bundle](http://store.steampowered.com/sub/72368/)
There's something like that for people that don't want to watch porn.  When I went to church, they had a "guy's meeting" thing for the men of the church to talk about men's problems.  They had a meeting about masturbation once.  They tried to get everyone to sign up for some website that would monitor what websites you were visiting, and send alerts to friends and family when you went to a porn site.


It was awkward.  I was there because I was young and had a crush on a guy.  Probably shouldn't have been there.
My brother killed a guy.  He fled the scene.  Turned himself in later and was arrested.  Charged with second degree murder.  Murder charges were dropped as it was self-defense.

I remember reading the comments on some facebook articles after he'd been arrested.  Literally all they said was "man arrested in relation to death".  People were calling for him to be executed.  Saying he was garbage and that he deserved to die.

No news about the charges being dropped.  No articles presenting what happened afterward.  He's not a great person.  Bit of an idiot.  Very poor decisions.  But still.  Based on nothing people wanted him to die...
You don't necessarily have to leave gracefully or give notice.  You haven't been there long.  I certainly wouldn't storm out, but you can hand in your resignation and simply be honest.  The scheduling will not work, as you have previously mentioned.  Maybe be a little more delicate about the paycheck, as you don't want to sound accusatory, but certainly be firm that you'd like your pay.  You can always do small claims court afterwards, if you must.  Just make sure to read anything you sign before you leave.


And, on another note, I would never dismiss a job or career trajectory entirely because you think you will be "overqualified".  Life rarely goes exactly as planned, and many of us ended up in careers and jobs that do not align with our plans.  Hubris can hurt you, and a Master's degree does not guarantee you are overqualified for anything, especially in today's job market.

EDIT:  I would note, that it is on you to make time for training.  You may have discussed your day-to-day scheduling with someone during your interview process; however, training is an entirely different matter to many companies.  Unless you signed a contract that specifically stated your hours for training and working, and unless your contract also stipulated that you would not be responsible for "other duties as assigned" then they are free to schedule you as they see fit and they are free to assign you other duties.  It's up to you whether you can make those things work.  You are presenting one side of the story, and I am trying to play devil's advocate.  This may be a case where you simply misunderstood or they misunderstood.  You'll learn very quickly that if it is not in writing, it did not happen.  I am not sure what your experience is with working, but nothing you are saying is atypical of any workplace with mandatory training, except the pay.  If you are due pay, that is obviously a serious matter.
I can't get my partner to do this.  He brings home about $1200/month, has $200 in bills he's responsible for paying.  Puts $0 in savings every month.  Where the heck does the other $1000 go?  He doesn't know, because he never looks at his bank statement.  Has no idea how much money he has left in his account at any given time.  Hell, he can't even remember to pay a bill he gets multiple notifications about.  God, it pisses me off some days.  But he's like some delicate flower when it comes to criticism, and if I bring it up, he just clams up like a 5 year old that just got into trouble.
Just in case anyone is wondering, Walmart charges you when you place the order, not when it ships.  I wondered myself before pre-ordering Pokemon.
Played, finished NG and NG+, and got 100% of achievements today.  Really enjoyed it for what it was.  Would recommend to anyone that enjoys a nice, funny, laid-back experience.  Left a pretty glowing review on the steam page.

http://steamcommunity.com/id/mononon/recommended/663240/
That was a rumor, and no matter how likely it is, you shouldn't state it as fact. There may not be any single player DLC. That's literally all anyone knows.
That was a rumor and EA and Bioware denied it was true. Read articles, not just titles.

EDIT:  Not huge fans of facts, eh?
Have you thought about the Nextbit Robin?  You can find them for $110-$130 easily.
Not something you'd have to worry about.  Easily lasts the day.  I've been off the charge for about 6 hours now, and I'm at 85%.  That includes some bluetooth audio, android auto usage, several phone calls, and standard notification checking, text messages, browsing, etc.
He wrote some really good stuff over at Valiant.  X-O Manowar was a great book.  Don't think he's writing the current volume, but I know he wrote the previous one.  I just can't care about HJ at the moment.  I have it subscribed on Comixology, and haven't even read the last like 5-6 issues. =\
I'm actually glad this got delayed.  This and Xenoblade Chronicles 2 around the same time was going to be pretty crazy, and maybe this will be like Far Cry 3, where the lack of competition at the beginning of the year will actually help it out.
Your experience does seem to be fairly different than many others.  This may very well sound rude, but is it possible you have personality problems or aren't considered very good at your job by your superiors at these companies?  That's not to say either of those things are actually true, but could it be perceived?  I have been guilty of thinking I was an excellent employee, only to have an annual review tell me otherwise.
Mine isn't really that insane compared to some of these others, but my dad was a pretty bad drunk when I was younger.  When I was like 13 or 14, we were going to go on our yearly family vacation.  Dad got drunk and forgot where he put all the cash he was going to use to pay for the vacation.  He got super pissed at our (2 sisters, 10 years younger than me, brother 4 years older than me, and me) mom.  Ended up fuming and going to bed to sleep up the drink.


Mom was pretty fed up with his attitude at this point.  His drinking and attitude had gotten quite a bit worse since my sisters were born.  He's a bit of an attention whore, so I'm not sure why he had more children.  But they did.  Anyways, she takes us and we go on vacation without him.  Which, when I was young, seemed somewhat funny at the time.  We drive down to the Gulf Shores, Alabama and get a room, like we normally do, and have a couple of nice, quiet days.

On the third morning, someone knocks on our door, and it's my Dad, drunk already.  He knew where we went, so he just drove down and drove up and down the main road until he found our car.  I remember opening the door and seeing him, and my heart dropping so hard.  He was extremely scary at that particular moment.  To get there so early, he must have been awake all night, so I knew he was probably off his rocker at the moment.

He and mom fought for most of the day, albeit rather quietly.  I thought things would smooth over.  He'd realize he was being a dick, and chill out.  Didn't happen.  They entered screaming phase later in the night.  Nothing too out of the ordinary, so far, except the location.  Except, I guess dad was just more fucked up than usual.  He wanted to leave with the kids, and mom wouldn't let him because he was drunk, and, you know, her kids.  He grabs my sister by the arm, and so does mom.  The scream my sister let out really chilled me to the bone.  She was so scared, it just rattled me.  Mom let go, and dad grabbed mom by the throat saying something to her.  I didn't hear.  Just heard the scream repeating in my mind.  It was really surreal to see what was happening in front of me.  My brother jumped on my dad and they fought for a bit.  Dad stumbled and fell, hitting his head on a dresser.  He stood up, face covered in blood, yelling and swinging at my brother.  I just heard my sister screaming the entire time.  Couldn't really process anything anyone was saying.

Cops did eventually show up.  Dad had sobered up a bit by then.  He took me and we left.  My brother is actually my step-brother, and my sisters are half-sisters.  Mom isn't my biological mom.  She had claim on my siblings, but not me.  I had to go with dad.  I remember driving him, just being scared for the 8 hour drive.

Then we had to stop at a hospital and get stitches for dad.  It was just as surreal a moment.  Watching him freak out like a little boy, and turn green because he had to get stuck with a needle.  Shaking, saying he was going to get sick.  They had to cover his face.  He couldn't even see or feel what was happening, and he was still freaking out.  I held his hand to comfort him.  So confused about how someone could be so terrible one moment and so innocent the next.

It took a long time to get that scream out of my head.
Hal Jordan and the Green Lantern Corps.  It looked spectacular and the first arc was just great.  Classic Hal vs. Sinestro.  Giant battles, great use of the characters, and a real shift in quality from Robert Venditti.  Really don't know why I'm still reading at this point.  It's just not a great book.  Art is still fine (though not as good) but it's just really mediocre in terms of story.  To me, of course.  Others may disagree.
I'm sorry, but I just really find that hard to believe.  I know it's anecdotal, but I have never heard of anyone taking on a new job and saying "We'll work out the pay later".  That legitimately sounds made up, to me.  At least in most industries.  I'm not sure what "the" industry is to you.
I have no idea why government agencies care so much about degrees.  They will throw out resumes for IT if they don't have the correct degree, even if they have 20 years of amazing experience. =\
Sure.  Experience is always great to have, and if you can learn more while getting it, that's even better.  Though, now you risk looking like a job hopper on your resume.  It's a tight rope to walk.
> after a month to three months

What company gives raises and promotions after 1-3 months?  You'd be talking years, generally, assuming ever at all.

>yes, we can worry about the money later

You will eventually regret those words.  I promise.
I get what you're going for, but you can have socialism with rewarding careers.  You shouldn't misrepresent socialism by erroneously lumping it together with unrelated phenomena.
Yep.  I work at a public Community College, so we're regulated by the state.  That's basically what we do every time someone leaves.  Redistribute the responsibilities, wait with the position open for awhile, close it when everything works out.  The argument could be made (and understandably so) that we may have been overstaffed at some point, but we're slimming to the point where we have singular points of failure, and that's a problem.  If I left, there's no one on staff that could do the myriad reports we submit to the state and federal government.  There's no one that could clone our test environments, create reports, pull ad-hoc data, or submit various other data to the crazy amount of entities that request it from schools.  That's a big risk to take.


Also, it may sound like a 1st world problem, but I also risk my vacation being denied simply because no one else can do what I do on campus.  Sure, we're good while I'm here, but if I get burned out and want to go to the beach, fuck me, basically.
You're talking about politicians.  I'm talking about people that have government jobs.  Regular jobs like IT, database work, administrative assistants, janitorial, etc.  You've 100% misunderstood.  Overall, regular workers do work very hard, deal with chronic understaffing issues along with underqualified co-workers due to budgetary constraints, and low wages with no hope of raises or promotions.


I realize you want to criticize politicians, but not all government workers are politicians.  The vast majority are not.
> huge organization, so there is plenty of opportunity to move up/over.

That's kind of the kicker.  I work for a state institution, and there is absolutely no opportunity to change positions or get raises.  Many other examples also focused on jobs with no real promotion/raise opportunities.  If there's no demonstrable proof that working harder yields rewards, then there's no incentive to work harder.  Hopefully someone wouldn't carry that around with them to interviews for other jobs, but really, you can't outright dismiss someone because they didn't go above and beyond at a job that had no tangible reward for giving up your time and effort.

This is one of those shitty situations where it's not like your completely opposed to helping out, but you know if you do, the workplace will likely take advantage of you based on "other duties as assigned".  It's frustrating.  It's really notorious in government work.  It's so risky to do something outside of your normal purview.  If you do, you risk it becoming your job as soon as someone knows you can do it.
It's expensive to relocate.  You may have other obligations keeping you there.  It can be very hard on your kids if you have them.  You can complain without being desperate.


There are lots of legitimate reasons to refuse relocation.
You can take a look at your local swapshop on Facebook for tons of examples of this. There are so many people asking for free dogs because they can't afford to buy one. And so many people trying to offload dogs after they've gotten bored with them or their kids don't care about them anymore. It's sad. Last week, a woman was trying to get rid of 2 dogs because her "hubby decided he only wants Pitts from now on, so these 2 have to go."
Are they afraid to kennel with a good vet?  We kennel our dog with his vet any time we want to leave.  It's like $10 a night.
I've been arrested.  The arrest itself is really not a huge deal.  There's literally no reason to go apeshit at that point.  It's not like you can talk your way out of it.  Just go along and be quiet when you get to the station.  It's not that hard.  When I got arrested, they came to my dorm, told me I was going to be arrested, asked if there was anything I needed to grab (though they did say they would have to watch me if I wanted to grab anything, just a precaution), asked me to put my hands behind my back, into a comfortable position so the cuffs wouldn't be uncomfortable when I was sitting in the car, and walked me casually to their car.  We chatted on the way.  Things got more serious once I was at the station, but the arrest itself is such a simple process.  Definitely don't do what this girl was doing.
Yeah, I mentioned in another comment about consistency.  It's all about the consistency with which you assign the scores.  Unfortunately, despite all the effort in the world, you're never going to convince everyone to disregard their personal understanding of scores.  You're right that anything below a 7 is considered below average, even though you may consistently score otherwise.


It is an extremely difficult task.  Words are probably better than numbers.  Stars also seem to work, as I don't know many people that consider 3 stars bad, but they would consider a 6/10 to be awful.  Visual or verbal representations don't interfere as much with our own conceptions of what numbers should mean.
Also a legitimate way to go about it.  Many IGN reviewers play the same games.  I'm not entirely sure why they don't have a rotten tomatoes style score based on their own staff.  "X% of IGN Reviewers/Staff Would Recommend[Insert Game]"
Consistency.  I'm not saying they are perfect, or even good, necessarily, but the differences in any arbitrary ranking system are completely defined by the consistency with which you assign the rank.  Precedence has to be set.  This is where IGN has failed miserably, as they have no real consistency among their scores.  The OP above clearly states that he just tosses scores on reviews because he/she does not care.  That's a problem.


Again, I'm not going to bat for review scores.  But, I'm also not going to completely dismiss a legitimately quick, and useful way for someone to gauge their interest in a product.  It just requires consistency and the caveat that the number/rank may not tell the entire story.
I don't think scores are completely terrible, so long as their meaning is clearer. GiantBomb seems to be the best with this. A 3 is a legitimately good game on their scale, and they will use it that way. A 4 is a great game. A 2 is not a total trainwreck.

But you are right. People should pay attention to the names more. They won't, but they should. I'm not sure IGN does a very good job of highlighting individual personalities, honestly. Except for the attractive women they put into their news videos. Pretty blatant fanboyism, but I guess it must work for them.

I think IGN's podcasts are a better vehicle for their individual personalities than the website. Their podcasts are pretty good for the most part. Again, not nearly as informative or entertaining as GiantBomb, but much better than the surface level stuff they seem to show on the website itself.
Their quick look for Shadow of Mordor was a fantastic showcase for a game that needed, and deserved the word of mouth praise it received. I'm not sure how much influence they had for that game, but I definitely was not interested based on the marketing prior to seeing the GB quick look.
I've got to where I like Destructoid. They seem pretty legitimate. But GB is the gold standard at the moment. Absolutely love their style of review + quick look. So much more informative.
I haven't enjoyed DC movies in quite awhile, so, unfortunately, I have very little faith that this will change anything about that. I just don't like many of the movies since...I guess Under the Red Hood.
Maybe the movie version of Final Crisis would even make sense. I'd pay for that.
We do.
Check into home buying assistance with the city or state where you're moving. And even if you don't qualify at first glance, set up an appointment with someone who can tell you more. They may just help you qualify by massaging some things. The city where I moved paid for $2000 of my down payment and $3000 of my closing, and helped me figure out a way to qualify for assistance on paper while avoiding any potential legal issues with their office. But regardless, you should always check if you're a first time home buyer. There are often incentives to help in many cities.
You have literally no idea what you're rambling on about, do you?  This is just silly nonsense.  The Android tablet market has shrunk considerably in recent years.  They don't compete on specs because high-end tablets don't sell.  Samsung literally owns the small high-end tablet market.  The only "tablets" that have rising numbers are hybrid tablet/laptops, which run Windows mostly because iOS and Android are terrible for productivity.  It has nothing to do with free or open-source or anything like that.  It has to do with money.  Android tablets don't make money.  Android tablet apps don't generate revenue reliably.  Nothing about Android tablets generates considerable revenue, so no one makes high-end tablets.  You can sell cheap ones in bulk, and bet on sheer numbers to make a profit.  Not everyone is going to dump a bunch of money into making an iPad, Surface Pro, or Tab S3 when the market doesn't have enough demand.
Lenovo has botched the release of those tablets so horribly.  They aren't even attempting to communicate with people when they'll be available. >_>
I'm not sure he'll succeed. Hopefully the arc is great, but Zero Year, which is supposedly the same Riddler, seemed to be a more appropriate use of the character. Just taunting from a distance. I'm not one to gripe about differences in continuity or interpretations of characters. I don't care as long as the story is good, but it does seem like there are better characters for this particular kind of story.
ITT: People think good food is overrated because they've had the cheap version.
It's hard to describe.  It tastes like almond flour, is all I can say.  I don't think I have a reference other than Almond flour.  Every bread I've ever had made with only Almond flour has tasted exactly the same.

All I can say, is that I prefer coconut flour, as I think it tastes much better and produces fluffier results.  But, it's harder to work with unless you find a coconut flour specific recipe, because it is not a 1-to-1 with regular flour.  If you try to go 1-to-1, you will get something so dry it hurts to eat, most likely.
It's weird to see that kind of stuff.  Reading something like Hush, you know the Riddler can be a really effective villain, but he's not really a good foil to the Joker.  Two Face might have been a better choice.  Or even Penguin.  Someone more organized.  In fact, both choices are really strange to have organized armies...
I'm sure 26 is young to most, but I just turned 26, and didn't realize I was over 21 until my employer informed me I was going through a "life event" so I could get insurance to get off my dad's.  It hit me harder than I realized.
Judging by the recipe, exactly like every other almond flour biscuit.
Being relevant and popular aren't really the same thing. The last season was only 12 episodes burned off 2 per week. It was basically a gift from NBC because the ratings weren't great. That being said, they were steady, which is why it got the last season. Sometimes networks will give a show a season just to buy time if the audience is at least consistent. That's pretty much the only reason Community got anything after season 2. Low, but consistent ratings.

There's also the prestige renewal, such as Hannibal. This happens way less often, but when a show is too good to cancel simply because of it's prestige and award chances. Hannibal had got 3 seasons despite pretty abysmal ratings due to prestige alone.
To be fair, 3/4 of those shows lasted way longer than they had any right to last by regular network standards.  Only The Office really had the ratings to keep going.
This is for GameStop credit, not cash. I guess you could try to trade credit for cash or credit for the game with a private person, but that seems like an insane amount of effort to save $1-$6.
I remember the last time my grandpa had a heart to heart with the men of the family.  He told us his financial situation and how easy it would be to take care of my grandma when he was gone.  It was awkward, because she's 6 years older than him, has had cancer, and 3 heart attacks and he's never had any major medical issues.  I mean...come on grandpa.  Let's be real here about who's probably going first, you know?
You're right.  This one was mostly about kids.  I guess a prenup better applies to other examples in this thread.
Regarding your edit: To be fair, you can do all of that stuff without getting married or by at least signing a prenup.  Really, I don't understand why everyone doesn't sign a prenup.  I guess it's not "romantic"?
55+tax is like the same price in most places, or you're saving like $1. =\
But it doesn't seem as though everyone is having luck buying Amazon credit with this deal.
Not after tax...
Senator Jason Rapert just got through throwing atheists and satanists under the bus for this.  So that was fun to watch and hear.  Apparently they already have plans to put the monument back up, and he's privately helping raise funds to put more monuments up in other states, along with In God We Trust monuments in as many states and cities as he can.  Says if atheists (because we're the only ones that dislike this) don't like it, they need to get over it, because it's his first amendment right to put them up.
God isn't real.
Oh god, the comments on the THV 11 (local news) Facebook post are fucking horrendous.  I was reading them for a laugh and just came away feeling terrible.  Arkansas has really failed some people in terms of basic education.  So many people believe that the US was founded to specifically promote Christian views.  It scares me that so many people don't seem to realize how much they benefit from religious freedom.  They don't seem to grasp how terrifying it would be to have a non-secular governmental system...
No, you're right, it's not the best port job.  Sly is probably the best port of the bunch, with Jak definitely being the worst.  Still good games though, despite the framerate and control issues.
When you say "multitasking", do you mean, normal levels of multitasking, or unrealistic multitasking where they open like 100 apps at once and see what stays in memory?  In normal gaming or multitasking you would not see a difference.
Maybe?  It's pretty short, but if you're in the mood for a pretty mindless shooter, it definitely scratches that itch.  I think it's a solid buy if you want to play a slower paced shooter and not think about it too much.  If you miss Halo singleplayer on PS4, this is about as close to that speed as you're going to get.  Most other shooters are much faster paced, I find.
This is a really solid Vita sale, if you happen to have one.  Basically a deal on all the good stuff that wasn't in the Golden Week sale (especially on collections like Ratche & Clank, Jak and Daxter, and Sly)
More RAM on the S8?  No, it wouldn't.
I'm sure this is delicious, but at what point does keto become unhealthy?  This recipe calls for like 1300+ calories in cheese...
Oh yeah, I totally recommend those programs to people that want a job.  They are quick, cheap, and incredibly reliable.  You're essentially guaranteed a job.  Welding, HVAC, and electro-mechanical are extremely lucrative.  There is absolutely not reason to get wrapped up in a University unless you're going to be a professor, researcher, or work in a higher-level STEM career.

Yes, our AA and AAS programs are mostly geared towards transfer students.  It's unwise to stop at an Associate level for things like Accounting or Business Management.  We also offer an AGS (Associate of General Studies) specifically for students that simply want to get their basics out of the way before going to a 4-year.

I'm in very heavily involved in Administrative functions as well though, being head of Institutional Research, so I also look at these things from a more fiscal perspective than a professor might.  It is more beneficial for the student AND the institution, if they enroll in a High Demand/STEM program and complete on time.  Given the current funding formulas being implemented nationwide, it's less about the quantity of students in your school, and more about the particular programs your students inhabit.  We want you to get a well-paying job, and to that end we put a heavy emphasis on vocational skills.
The vocational jobs would generally offer a Technical Certificate with a 1 year program instead.  There are some places where it may be stretched into an AAS, but usually those programs have the truncated certificate option, which is basically just the program specific courses without the fluff.
Depends, really.  Associate degrees are usually offered by community colleges, and they usually reflect what's in demand in the community.  Speak with your advisor or Retention department (which should have a Career center or person of some sort) to see which degrees or certificates have the highest Gainful Employment stats.  Alternatively, find the Gainful Employment information on your school's website yourself, and see which degree has the highest for those.

Alternatively, alternatively, screw getting an Associate degree and get a technical certificate in Welding or HVAC.  You'd get paid more, go to school less, and be much less susceptible to automation in the future.  Plus, these jobs are high demand, and usually offer better financial aid options to go along with them.  For instance, if you enroll in a STEM or High-demand program in AR and you don't have a Bachelor's, you now qualify to have your tuition paid in full.

Source: Director of Institutional Research at a Community College.
I prefer this recipe

https://www.ruled.me/twice-baked-potato-style-zucchini/

It gives purpose to the inside of the zucchini as well.
You're pretty conceited about it. You also seem to assume that makes you a better person than others. I mean, you're just a stereotypical "I got mine" type of person so far. Nothing really unique or impressive about it. Run-of-the-mill douchebag from any number of movies or books. I mean, you're bragging about your paycheck on the internet to show that you don't need acknowledgement for petty things. That's pretty funny, and sad.
>I grew up with a dictionary in my hand, not a "smart phone".

That is a meaningless statement. A dictionary doesn't make you knowledgeable. Encyclopedia would have been a better example. Either way, it's worse than a phone with the internet. If you carried a dictionary around today, you'd just look like an idiot.

>I never whine about not being recognized as one of the first people to own and play an Atari VCS.

You just whine about "kids" by spewing incorrect, incoherent nonsense.
> opinion

I don't think that means what you think it means.
I disagree with most of what you said, and all of the intent.  You're wrong, and I regret that your post has to be associated with mine.  I think it's silly to want to be acknowledged for playing a game, and no other reason, but I definitely don't agree with any of these ridiculous notions.

Most of what you said is just wrong, but you are right that many kids do have cell phones.  Also, I think you meant smartphone.  Second, so what?  You can get a smartphone for like $20, and mobile phones are the de facto method of communication.  Going to complain that kids have TVs next?  Yeesh.
Why the hell do people even care about getting stuff for playing Destiny 1. You have the game. That's what you bought. And all your shit will still be in the game. It's just not in this other, different game.
Free to play mobile games are also pretty bad about it.  Game of War is literally just a hot chick riding a horse.
My mornings are like this, except I'm the cat and my dog is the person. I meow less as well.
Personally, I hated the controller.  More trouble than it's worth, imo.  But, I love the Link.  It's fantastic.
How long should she serve?  I've always had this question with shorter sentences.  I mean, even sentences as short as this can have a disastrous impact on someone's life.  If most people served 13 days, when they got out they would probably lose their jobs.  That's incredibly devastating for most people.


I could see an argument for mandatory therapy for the drinking or something, but when you've likely ruined the person's life already, what does another month or year in jail serve to do?


Note, I'm not excusing what she did.  It was fucked up.  I'm just not seeing the point of like a year in prison.  Sitting in prison for 2 weeks or a month can have the exact same effect on someone's life.
What kind of almond flour was that? Can't say I've ever seen any quite so dark and gritty...
I went to a concert where opened for some other band.  I can't remember the band, because I didn't care about them, I was there for The Offspring.  They were amazing...until they hit Pretty Fly for a White Guy.  They were mostly playing Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace songs until that point, and You are Gonna Go Far, Kid was absolutely amazing live.  But they really did seem to go stiff during PFfaWG.
Motorola?
I don't think people are saying that, necessarily, but OP has certainly reached a price threshold where it's too easy to lump them in with LG, Samsung, and HTC.  Is OP still cheaper at MSRP?  Yes.  Is OP so much cheaper that you can ignore the extras other companies offer (better camera, better screen, better warranty, etc.)?  Maybe not so much anymore.
OnePlus convinced me to buy a Galaxy S8.  Their marketing this time around is amazing...just not for them.
Did they play Pretty Fly for a White guy and look sad while doing it?
I clogged up the toilet at a friend's house once.  I'd had major back/ass surgery recently, and they left the wound open and packed with gauze.  I took a dump, but unbeknownst to me, the gauze had fallen out and I had started bleeding pretty profusely.  I tried to flush, and it all came back up instead.  Just blood colored water with gauze everywhere.  Fun times.
Also important for anal (gay or straight).  You probably want a silicon based lube for this.  More slippery and lasts longer.  Better for anal.
To keep with the spirit of the sub, here is a picture of Bogy.

https://goo.gl/photos/pvqU2xNj52c4BBf36

You can definitely see the swelling.
Fair enough.  Thank you for the information.  I appreciate it.  We'll call the vet tomorrow morning and see what he thinks.
Would you expect antibiotics alone to heal the abscess?  My vet did not drain it, he only prescribed the medication.
Weird.  That's all the vet did was prescribe an antibiotic.  He did not drain it...
> It has phantom pain, but you can youtube that easily since its about an hour or two.

I think you're confusing Phantom Pain and Ground Zeroes.  GZ is the short prologue.
Yes, I know what they do.  Everyone in that family works and makes well over minimum wage.
I just hired a guy for a SQL/Database/Reporting job.  It didn't come up in the interview process, but he's 32 and his mom drives him to work every day.  She also drives his sister (26) to work as well.  Both live at home with the mom as well...
I think the phone is nice, but I think we're getting to price points where I would appreciate a financing option like other OEMs offer.  I would like to upgrade from my 5X, but I don't really want to toss down like $700+ after device protection and accessories in one go, to be perfectly honest.
This is really flawed reasoning.  So, because there are super bad TV shows, that means we cannot also be making the best TV ever?  That makes no sense.  Both can be (and, logically would be) true at the same time.  Content is so much cheaper to produce and distribute thanks to things like YouTube, while higher quality, scripted content has more places to exist thanks to things like Netflix and Amazon.  You would obviously have a wider gulf in production value, though not necessarily entertainment value.

And I didn't say throwing money and actors made TV better.  Better TV makes better TV, which is what we have.  The mere existence of worse TV does not magically negate the glut of good content that exists nowadays, that did not exist in this quantity and with this kind of respect in previous decades.
No, there's definitely more high-quality content than there's ever been.  It's pretty silly to say that the quality of TV (production, acting, scale, etc) in the 70s would be comparable to today.  It's not just Breaking Bad and Game of Thrones.  In previous decades, TV was ruled by sitcoms, and it was considered a blow to your career if you were forced to do TV.  Nowadays, you can a great show in almost any genre for almost any age group, and they normally have well-respected actors in there somewhere.
He's going to go to Villanova to study Business Admin?  That doesn't seem worth the $200k...
Properly regulated, there's nothing inherently wrong with being a sex worker.
This is one of the perks of being gay. No one brings up kids.
My mom died when she was 26 and I was 7. Its been nearly 20 years and my family (especially my uncle) get really upset that I'm not sad about it. I mean, come on, I've lived nearly 3 more lifetimes since then. I only have a few years of solid memories from then, and even those are getting fuzzy as time goes on. I'm not happy she's gone, but, to me, it's a person I barely knew for a short while 2 decades ago. It's hard to be sad. That's not what they want to hear of course, but it's just how it is. I wish I knew her better, obviously, but it just didn't happen.
Sept 2015
Arkansas. House was $33k to buy.
I pay $224 for a 3 bed 2 full bath with a guest house in the back, and that's including mortgage insurance and escrow for property taxes.  Minus those, it's only like $120 for the mortgage itself.


I can't even fathom paying the amounts of money people are saying in this thread...
My boss has this problem. I don't think she's handling it as well as she did in the past. It was fun at first, it seemed. She'd gotten a divorce and her husband just left, so I think the company helped, but she certainly sounds more cynical about it now. Her son has never had a real job or a date as far as I'm aware. She tried to get him to go to school when he was younger. She works at a college, so his AA would have been free at least. But he wants to break into working in video games by self teaching. I think after over a decade of trying, she feels it's time to make other plans and video game stuff can be a hobby. He has done some free lance work for a company, designing assets, but that isn't steady, and it's something he could do while working like a regular person.


I don't think she's disappointed, I think she's just tired. She clearly loves her son, but the novelty of having him just bum around to the house seems to have worn off since I first met her.
I mean, unless they're going out of business, I doubt they would want to just breach a bunch of contracts with various media companies.  Paterson isn't the only person to have a deal with Disney for Freeform.
I'm pretty certain they control the ads, and have aired pro LGBT ads around his show.  He's just stubborn.
It's a religious new/talk show that airs on Freeform (formerly ABC Family, formerly formerly Fox Family).  It has been on the air for several decades; however, it does not mesh well with Disney's inclusive image nowadays.  I believe Disney has attempted to get Pat Robertson to end his contract; however, he has always refused, and his contract guarantees him a prime time slot as long as he wants.

Robertson is controversial for saying things like the Haiti earthquake was caused by a deal with demons in Haiti's past and that Katrina was caused because Ellen, a lesbian, hosted the oscars.
To be fair, even Disney doesn't want to pay for The 700 Club.  Pat Robertson has an essentially unbreakable contract to keep the show going as long as he's alive and willing to do it.  The contract was in place before Disney even owned the channel, when it was Fox Family.
I've never met this overly PC culture that people keep saying is the prevailing culture in the world today.  I mean, sure, I've met people that get offended too easily, and I've met people that don't seem to understand what's offensive.  But, at least in my life, I have never run into this overwhelming sense of "liberal snowflake"-syndrome that so many conservative people refer to as if it's the norm.
I respectfully disagree.  Churches themselves are a scam.  If you want to give 10% of your money away, there are far better charitable organizations than a church.
And it's dead.
Store Pick-Up doesn't work for me, unfortunately.  Always errors out.
Not to be a wet blanket, but apparently this is being done by Mecurysteam.  Same team that did Castlevania - Lords of Shadow: Mirror of Fate...
Tithing is also a scam, but I was thinking more along the lines of "seed money" in my original comment.
I didn't say it only applied to poor, religious people.  It was an example for someone that hadn't heard the saying before. It can apply to many things.


I don't think it's really condescending.  I'm not slyly telling it to a poor, religious person to see if they get my meaning.  I'm stating a fact in text form.  Poor, religious people are easily preyed upon by religious figures with promise of diving intervention in their lives.  It's sickening, sure, but if you're poor and uneducated (which is a pretty common combination) then it's not uncommon.
It's the entire basis of marketing to poor, religious people.  You give money, God gives you more in return.
Is it not?  I remember a sneak peek demo thing being part of a humble monthly.  I guess I just assumed it was published by Humble since it was an odd thing to include.  Fair enough then, I guess there's no reason to include it.
It's a Humble Original.
I figured it was too much to hope that Hollow Knight would be included in this. /sad

EDIT:  Apparently Hollow Knight is not a Humble original.  I was confused because of the demo included in one of the Humble Monthly's.  I made the (faulty) assumption that Humble was publishing it, because a demo was an odd thing to include in the Monthly.
I think it needs a timer, personally.  I use an old smartphone as an alarm, and when I go to bed, I throw on a Netflix show I've already seen for some noise.  I know it's supposed to stop after like 3 episodes, which it does on my computer, but it's really iffy whether it does that mobile, in my experience.  I'd like to be able to actually tell you how long to play, either by episode count or (preferably) by physical time.
How did you get the funds to do this hike?  It's pretty expensive to do even part of it.  Did you save money just for the purposes of hiking?  I remember looking into it, and it's surprisingly expensive to go off on a month(s) long hike.  Kinda surprised to see a 17 year old affording it.
Weird.  His videos are so popular on here, but his Patreon only gets $300/month.
Did you buy or make the preserve?
Oh wow, that was a really good issue.  Injustice 2 has been really solid so far.
...What?
Coming from Arkansas, I'd say that's a fairly accurate assessment.
Arkansas is clearly punishing itself for some horrible crime in our past through Tom Cotton's representation.
This is a bipartisan issue, you know?  It's not a D or R issue.  If there was conclusive evidence that he colluded with Russia or interfered with an ongoing investigation into Flynn, then it's a problem for everyone.
Woot.  Let's embarrass Arkansas a little more!
Both sides say negative things about the country.  It's a common conservative complaint that the youth in this country are immoral, lazy, and ruining the country.  It's a common liberal complaint that conservatives are greedy, racist, and would rather be rich and watch the country burn.  Every single person complains about issues that they believe affect them.  That's just how complaining works.
I don't think they know what an icon is in this context.  Hell, I don't even think they understand what "the internet" is.  Did they see 2 people sharing this on Facebook and assume "the internet" just made something happen globally?

EDIT:  Well fair enough, apparently I'm out of the gay loop.
Community College in southern Arkansas.
Seriously.  We have a Welding program where I work with a 100% employment rate.  It can take as little as 1 semester of 2 courses.  It's 30 credit hours maximum, and we have trouble getting people to finish because they get hired so fast.

And we STILL can't get more people to enroll in it.

Same with our Electrical program.  Just renovated a lab, flew an engineer down from New York to Arkansas to take over the program, and partnered with multiple local businesses for guaranteed jobs to anyone that can finish the 30 hour program.  Almost no one enrolled.

Same for Drafting and Computed Aided Design, Computer Information Systems, and HVAC.  All top notch programs, all guaranteed jobs, and less than 10% of our students are in those programs.

The only program we have that's successful in that area is Computer Networking.  The guy over that is fucking amazing.  Another program with guaranteed employment.  In fact, the guy that's over it is so well-respected, even though the classes aren't transferrable (because he doesn't have a Master's), every major college in the state will let you transfer those courses over because they know you took them under this guy.  It's incredible.  Our Associate's Degree people make more than the Bachelor's Degree folks from the university down the road based solely on the backing of the guy that runs the department.

Point being, stop fucking going for a Bachelor's Degree just because someone said you should.  These programs are short, cheap, and extremely lucrative.  We beg people to go to them, but they refuse.  They'd rather sit in English Comp, getting a (relatively) tiny PELL grant refund, doing literally nothing of value because they have no plans to go to a 4-year after they finish with us or they just don't have a clue what to do.  But apparently guaranteed employment in a well-paying job with great benefits and super job-security isn't in the plan.

Finally, fuck anyone that thinks Community Colleges are a bad place to go.  They're fucking cheap with the same courses as a university, and, like I've mentioned above, we'll get you a job.  Will a University that lets you waste your time as a history major (piling up debt all the way, woot!) help you pay your bills?  Nope, because they don't give a shit.  Community Colleges are spectacular, and more people should take advantage of them.  Where I work, if you get full PELL, you'll make money going to school.  It's like $1500 for a full-time student taking 15 credit hours.  Why the fuck would anyone go to the University down the road?  But they do.  Even though the University's average grades are lower, their technology is years older, and their campus infrastructure is falling apart.  Why?  Because it's a 4-Year University.  That's it.  Fuck.
Even a broken clock is right twice a day.
If you're at all interested in the Pokemon Trading Card Game Online (the digital version on PC and tablets) then Discount Pokemon Decks is a fantastic channel.  He focuses on decks that are fun and affordable.  It's great if you have kids or you're just getting into it.  He shows you decks that you can get without spending an arm and a leg, he's very personable, and he just makes the game look really fun.
We had an end-of-year project for an English class.  It was supposed to be a portfolio of important moments in our life.  I chose some sappy moments, certainly sad (mom dying when I was young, best friend moving away when I was young, etc.), but I didn't start working on the project until the night before.  It was supposed to take a really long time.  You were supposed to gather or create resources that represented the events (pictures, mementos, etc.).  I did not want to do that.  So I just drew everything in MS paint with a mouse.  Mostly stick figures.  My teacher thought it was a great representation of how I saw these events at the time, represented with extremely emotional child-like drawings.  I was fucking floored, because it was literally a 5 minute rush job.  The subject matter was emotional, I suppose, but there was absolutely no thought given to those drawings.  They were crude and terrible because I suck at MS paint and drew them quickly, not because they were representative of important moments during my formative years.
Anime tits have magical powers.
I'm not married, but in a long term relationship (5 years).  Relationships are all different, so I'm not sure there's any universal advice besides "be honest and communicate effectively".  My only words of wisdom would be:  You don't have to be married to be happy.  That doesn't have to be the next logical step if it doesn't make sense.  My partner and I have no intention of getting married unless there's some kind of benefit to it, and we're very happy.
I fear the nothingness.  The thought wakes me in the middle of the night with a constricting feeling in my chest.  I wake with the sudden realization that I am headed toward an inevitable oblivion from which there is no escape.  Only emptiness looms ahead, and it makes my heart hurt.

This happens pretty much every night.  I cuddle against my partner.  Sometimes he's awake enough to give me a kiss, and tell me it will be alright.  It helps.  I push the thoughts out of my mind and go back to sleep, knowing it will happen again the next day.  It is maddening some nights.

This doesn't seem like it would help with that kind of fear.
Well that was disappointing.  I mean, it's not like any of the games will be bad (Pokken and G/S are already good games), but I don't think I'm alone in saying some ports and a 3DS game aren't what I was hoping to see here.  I'm happy to see new Pokemon games, I was just really hoping for a Switch RPG, and I think a lot of others were hoping for the same.
Holy hell, he was right...
Tembo the Badass Elephant 2, obviously.
I think this is the first month I've regretted.  I'm not upset or anything, but there's nothing here that really calls to me. 
Blizzard is an interesting example.  Their cinematics aren't really trailers.  They are related to the game, but they almost take on a life of their own.  Sometimes they do introduce games or characters, but they often spawn into a series, almost like a micro-TV show.  I don't think any other company takes the same approach to pre-rendered content as Blizzard.
I think I was more forgiving when less games were being released, but there are so many released these days, that sometimes I feel like cinematic trailers waste my time.  I'm like "Hey, come on, there's like 10 other solid games releasing at the same time as this one, and I already know what they look like in motion.".  I am fully aware that making a judgement based on 1 trailer with no gameplay is pointless, but sometimes it's hard for me to "keep an eye out" for a game when I don't know anything but pre-rendered CGI.  It just makes a game fall off my radar very quickly because there are so many other great looking games coming out nowadays.
Shockingly, animation can be both good and misleading.  It can be pleasing to watch while misrepresenting the product it's advertising.  It can be well-made but uninformative when making purchasing decisions.  It can be appreciated but irrelevant.  Contrary to what the internet or Reddit may tell you, not every statement someone makes is absolute.  Some things are just innocuous opinions.
Did you know there's more than one Titanic?  The animated sequels have talking animals and Atlantis.
Yes, I saw at the end of the trailer.  That wasn't really the point.  The point was that the trailer wasn't informative at all.  It was 2 minutes of nothing consequential. Not even the remotest hint of what the game actually is.  Just a video of fluff.  It's no different than the ridiculous trailers for Clash of Clans or Game of War.  It's just for a console game.


I do see they link to an E3 Walkthrough at the end, so it's good that they make some sort of gameplay available.  It's much better to release these sorts of trailers after some gameplay exists, but I still think purely cinematic trailers are extremely misleading and an overall negative, outdated fixture of gaming.
This could be a clicker game on mobile for all I know.  They're trailer look a lot like this...
Serious question: Are cinematic trailers even relevant anymore?


Personally, I hate them.  If there's not gameplay, don't waste your time making the trailer.  I want to know what a game looks like in action, not what the cutscenes may look like.
Let the batter cool before adding the eggs.
Tax brackets.  You shouldn't be afraid to get that raise because you'll be $1,000 into the next tax bracket.  That's not how brackets work, at least not for individuals.  If a new bracket begins at $60,000 and you make $61,000, you're entire $61,000 won't be taxed at the higher rate.  $60,000 will be taxed in the lower bracket, just like before, and the remaining $1,000 will be taxed in the higher bracket.  So if you've ever heard people complain about a small raise because they're afraid to get pushed into a new tax bracket, they're afraid of nothing.  If you get pushed $0.25 into a new bracket, only the $0.25 you were pushed over gets taxed higher.
I would say it's Metacritic if anything.  Rotten Tomatoes seems to be much kinder on bad/mediocre movies than Metacritic is.
They aren't.  It's just a narrative made up by gaming blogs and journalists.  They report on NPDs.  Square Enix does not generally release public statements to address poorly performing games.  No company does.  You just read about the sales performance on websites like IGN and Polygon, and you're equating the doom and gloom in those articles to Square Enix whining personally.  Hell, most of the time, those articles don't even have quotes, and if they do, they're only tangentially related.
I don't think they care.  If you're not going to pay for the service you're not a valuable customer.  The point is to generate revenue from you constantly.  1-time purchases aren't as desirable.
According to the financials they reported earlier this month, they're doing pretty well.  Record profits and revenues.  20% increase in revenue over last year.  They seem to be a very successful company doing better than ever.  The only sore spot was IO interactive with Hitman, and online sales which was due to no expansion release for FFXIV in quite some time.
If we're being totally honest, I'd probably cry like a bitch and die afraid.
You're right. Monolith was also founded by an ex-Square guy, but not Sakaguchi.  Got them mixed up.
Basically this.  The original director, Yasumi Matsuno, is better known for very adult stories with adult characters (Final Fantasy Tactics and Tactics Ogres, for example).  Originally, he had Basch as the main character, but he eventually dropped out as director due to illness.  He was supposedly hard to work with, and a large chunk of his original team got scalped by Mistwalker (~~Xenoblade Chronicles~~ studio headed by FF creator Hironobu Sakaguchi), so development was pretty troubled.  Square Enix re-worked some of the game after he left, and while Bash's story is pretty similar to something Matsuno would write, Vaan's story definitely is not.

Edit:  Xenoblade was Monolith, not Mistwalker.  Both are RPG studios headed by ex-Square RPG devs.  Got them mixed up.
I was like "Yes!  Finally Tom Cotton isn't embarrassing Arkansas.  Go Tom.  Not in the top 8 evil people for the first time ever!".  Then, wouldn't you know it, a second list is posted and now I'm just like "FFS Tom.  Just shut the fuck up, man.  Were you jealous that other people out-assholed you today?" 


It's been a real roller coaster.
I'm sure wherever you're located (or wherever it thinks you're located) matters.  Shipping is cheaper for me.
Cost on their site isn't outrageous.  Way more expensive that it would be a store, but it's not like $3 + $20 shipping like a lot of these smaller things.  It's like $5.59 for 1 pouch on their site.
It's pretty easy overall.  The bosses are notably harder than the rest of the game though.  Granted, you memorize their patterns, you're golden, but if you're wanting a more casual experience, maybe don't expect to defeat them on your first try.  Also, there's not really a lot of backtracking in this game.  It's pretty light on the Metroidvania elements.  Sure, you're filling a map, but not really for any purpose other than getting from point A to B.  There aren't a lot of hidden goodies.  It certainly looks like a Metroidvania, and it's very enjoyable to play, but it's pretty light on the "fill in the gaps" aspect in terms of maps exploration.  I think it's still a great game, it's just lighter on the Metroidvania elements than people normally let on when recommending it.
At work, IT had just bought a bunch of TVs and we're testing them out in the back. Turned our they supported Chromecast. I sent videos of goats screaming to all of them from my office and listened to the chaos.


I know it's not porn, but it was pretty damn hilarious at the time.
I know literally nothing about the Traveler.  I know there's a brief scene at the beginning of the Destiny story where the guy with the blank face tells you a little about it, but I haven't seen that scene since the game released and I can't even remember the name of the wise blank-face.  The only thing I remember about him is that he sells bad emblems, underleveled class items, and he's near New Monarchy.  And that's about all you would know if you've never read the Grimoire and never participated in the Destiny subreddit lore threads, which I haven't.
I'm confused.  When did he realize it was pork?  It says he ate it without realizing twice.  Did he keep a sample from the pizzas and have them analyzed after deciding they tasted too good or something?  Did he keep a pepperoni from the first 2, go get some beef pepperoni, and do a taste test...after eating the pizzas anyways?  I'm just not understanding the logistics of eating two pizzas then somehow realizing both were pork in retrospect...
There are 4 volumes of comics as well.  IMHO they are trash though.  Really terribly paced with erratic shifts in focus that make them a chore to read.  They all have a really terrible habit of cutting between scenes unexpectedly.  The art is nice.  Looks just like the show.  Everything (again, imo) is just super underwhelming.


That being said, apparently some threads from the comics will be picked up by Season 3.  I don't know what those threads are, but I guess if you want to understand them better, you should read the comics.
It's so nice to see this animation style again.  It's so timeless.


Like others, I'm not a huge fan of the Harley voice though.  Maybe it's because I'm expecting the B:TAS voice, but I'm not hearing it.  If this was in the style of the other DC animated movies, I bet it wouldn't bother me (or others) nearly as much.  But because everything else looks and sounds so right, her voice really stands out as being different from the original.


Also, I don't think the music matched what was happening very well at all.
Of the Flash?  2 was pretty strong until the end.  The resolution with Zoom was pretty weak, imo.  Like the episode where Jay trades Wally for Flash's speed.  Except, Flash had already kicked his ass in the previous episode, and he gave Wally back *before* getting what he wanted.  Then proceeded to just chill in Flash's headquarters while everyone just went about their business giving the bad guy what he wanted, even though he's doing nothing and gave up his leverage...
Not that it's the perfect answer, but the Star Sapphires existed before Geoff Johns retcon'd them into corps.  There are a older stories about their slavish devotion to love and how batshit it makes them.
If history is any indicator, they'll all be murdered after they recruit about 3-4 lanterns.
Did you read the Larfaleeze standalone series?  I think it was only like 8 issues, but it was pretty solid.
>  the fact that I'm guessing

Not how facts work.


I can't speak to the quality of this series, but this is in-continuity.  This Batman Beyond is taking place in the future of the main Rebirth DC Universe.  It is not a continuation of the animated show.
I have literally never cared about emoji until I installed the Android O beta.  Those things are horribly ugly.
Can gay guys chime in?  I was hanging out at a guys apartment one night.  His roommate *subtly* asked us to leave.  I'd had a bit to drink and didn't want to drive home just in case.  It was like 2am.  I wasn't tired, and I wasn't anywhere near drunk, but I knew it would be my luck I'd get pulled over.  The guy offered to give me a ride home.  He took me home, and and said since his friend was having sex at home, he didn't have anything to do.  I told him he was welcome to join me in my apartment.  We went upstairs, I turned on Seinfeld.  I was watching, he touches my shoulder and started asking me questions about sex.  Very explicit questions (when was the last time you had sex, what do you like, etc.).  I told him to hush because this was a good episode of Seinfeld.  Later I realized my mistake.
I mean, it's a fact that sexuality is fluid and changes over time for many people.  It just is what it is.  And "turning straight" really isn't an accurate way to describe the phenomenon, but yes, it's possible for someone that once preferred only men to prefer only women at a later point in their life, or prefer something else altogether.  It's not just gay or straight.  There's an entire spectrum of sexuality, and "gay to straight" isn't the only way a change in sexual taste can manifest.
I think it's a tougher question than just saying yes or no altogether.  For instance, I labeled myself as gay when I was 18, and, honestly, in hindsight I wish I hadn't, and it wasn't even because of an overbearing religion or persecution.  I just ended up liking a girl and I basically couldn't take back the gay thing.  I suppose I could have tried, but it's certainly difficult to go back on something like that.


Personally, I think trying to definitively label your sexuality is pretty pointless.  It's a moving target.  Your preferences can change over time.


That being said, this guy may also be agonizing over it.  I'm sure there's a lot of pressure to put your sins out there when you sincerely believe in a religion that prioritizes itself over it's constituents.


I honestly have no idea what he should do.  It is a very difficult decision with nuance beyond the scope of the straightforward double standard outlined in the OP.  He may very well be confident in his sexuality now, but some of the people in that thread are correct that he may change in time, though, I believe they were implying that he's just going through a phase, and he'll eventually figure out he's straight.  He may also bring undue scrutiny onto himself given the pretty harshly judgmental nature of Mormonism.  Then again, he may also suffer emotional distress to varying degrees trying to hid it and resist natural urges.  It's just such a loaded situation, and I feel like OP is making light of it to get a cheap jab at Mormonism, when, really, that person is in a no-win situation regardless of whether he's old enough to know his sexuality.
They are usually in excellent condition and contain the unused DLC codes that originally came with the game.  I've had some iffy experiences with shipping times, but never with the quality of what's shipped.
Had a very similar experience when I moved into my house.  Thought the dryer was broken.  Turns out the gas line to the dryer, that's controlled by a big red lever in clear view next to the dryer, was shut off.
For those trying to catch it, instead of watching very slowly, use [.] and [,] to move forward or backwards one frame at a time in a YouTube video.
For those trying to catch it, instead of watching very slowly, use [.] and [,] to move forward or backwards one frame at a time in a YouTube video.
I hope you're successful and sincere.  But you have to admit, it is difficult to ignore the similarities to other high-profile Kickstarter flops. (low goal, unique [some might say pie-in-the-sky] product, goals that seem pretty boilerplate for a tech product in 2017, etc.].  Why should people be more confident you can deliver as opposed to those similar cases?
It's not just a few.  Kickstarter's internal metrics show a failure rate of 9% consistently across all categories with project raising >$500,000 being the 2nd most likely to fail.  Those are not insignificant numbers, and no amount of optimism can ignore the precedence set by other Kickstarter projects that seemed, on paper, to be remarkably similar.


As for drawing attention, why the random $33k?  Why have backer goals all the way up to $600k, with the $600k goal being USB-C?  The goals are all standard stuff (speakers, battery life, colors, USB-C), and they are all significantly higher than the initial $33k.  They locked basic features behind a pay wall significantly greater than the initial asking?  Why?  It doesn't make any sense.


Maybe the product will legitimately ship.  Maybe it will be successful.  Maybe it'll be high quality and amazing.  But KS has a pretty high failure rate, and this particular KS campaign has a lot in common with other, similar campaigns that did not fulfill their promises.
They put their goal absurdly low so they guaranteed themselves some money.  What could you possibly do with $33,000?  The entire Kickstarter just reeks of stereotypical bad product.  They get their money, produce some piece of shit product that barely functions, toss it out to the backers, then say they have no further plans to produce the product and pocket the remaining money.
Personally, I think it's like porn. I can't define it, but I know it when I see it. I would like to point out that neither that guy nor myself said it looked bad. It just doesn't look very different. Destiny had a lot of glaring issues and was fun in spite of them. Based solely on what they showed today, it doesn't look like they've solved those issues (very segmented world, relatively small amount of content, padding). And, along with those issues, it seems they've just brought along almost all of the same activities in mostly the same structure (Nightfall, Strikes, Trials, etc.). They seem to be taking a "bigger is better" approach, but I think there were some fundamental flaws with their original ideas that just making bigger version won't fix.
No. That's not what I wrote. You're just taking my words and applying an absolute to them. I think it looks like something I'd associate with an expansion. Not a sequel. That's what I wrote, and that's what I meant.
It just looks like D1 with some stuff I'd associate with a Spring update. It does look nice, and I appreciate the new content, but it really does just look like an expansion to Destiny 1 with some features that should have been included from the start. I'm not particularly excited, and I think this was a negative showing for a game that needed to prove it was different in some important ways.
Also "snowflake". I can't believe how much I hate that term now. People say it with such disdain. I don't even really know what they're implying about liberals (which they lump together for no real reason). That they believe in some form of uniqueness? So what...?
In several states, you can have your degree paid for if you teach in an impoverished area. You could look into that. Or you could do Public Service Loan Forgiveness coupled with Income Based Loan Repayment, if you're sure you want to be a teacher (or at least work for the government or a non-profit). There are several solid options to teach with a master's or have the master's paid for through teaching.
School's are weird.  I work at one, and we could probably offer free printing but we don't.  It's due to several factors that you wouldn't really know unless you worked on the Staff (non-Faculty) side of things.
Injustice 2 has been pretty solid so far.  Watching Doctor Fate get a bunch of sucker arrows stuck to his helmet while trying to be mystical and serious is definitely a highlight.
Is he aware that sodomy isn't exclusive to gay males?
The two aren't really comparable, unfortunately.  Geometry Wars is great, but's a twin-stick arcade shooter.  It has nothing in common with Geometry Dash besides the word.  GW is a great game though, and certainly worth a buy, but there aren't any inferences that can be made based on your son's liking of GD.
Destiny 2 should be nothing like TTK or any other D1 content. Just take the gunplay and drop basically everything else.
Claptrap from Borderlands.
Yep.  Mario taught me this.
The video says something like "3 days working time, and 7 days standby time"
They claimed 3 days of battery.  Not sure if that's feasible, but that's what they claimed.
I was like "Tom Cotton can't possibly be part of this.  He's too stupid.  He probably doesn't even know what the Internet is."  But nope, as usual, no matter how bad something is, his fucking name manages to get stuck to it.
"The only thing keeping me from pharmacy school is general chemistry"
It doesn't have local co-op.  I checked. :(
Yeah, they were making predictions based on precedence.  The Wii was an anomaly (at the time) and Nintendo's console sales were on a fairly linear trajectory.  If you took out the Wii, it was almost exactly linear, in fact.  Each had sold less than the one before it, in a fairly predictable pattern.  It's not trolling to base your estimates on previously available data.

And, like you say, we still don't know. We know it's off to an encouraging start, and that's great.  We don't know the end result though.
I was actually thinking about buying it, sadly.  My partner and I have been looking for a game to play together, and it looks like the perfect game for us, but it's so stupidly expensive for it's age.  It's dumb.
Do you have any proof that is/was the prevailing opinion?  I've never met anyone that thinks the average pastor is rich.  Granted, that's anecdotal, but I've lived in Louisiana and Arkansas, and there's a shitload of pastors everywhere and a shitload of people with opinions about them.
That person said it wasn't *normal*.  They didn't say it was impossible.  I wouldn't say it's commonplace for someone making your salary to spend that much on a vacation.  And, as you pointed out, you didn't spend $12k.  You spent $8k.  Both are expensive, obviously, but one is 50% more.


I don't think what that person said was really that surprising or presumptuous.  You're overreacting and using your own anecdotal evidence as a means to suggest that the exception is the rule.
That's not true. Android icons do not have to be in a standard grid and resizeable widgets can mimic everything else you mentioned.  And, even if that wasn't true, just in terms of literal customizability, Android clearly has more options. It's not really a debate. It's just true.
Surely customizability isn't the word you intended? Windows phone is definitely not as customizable as Android.
I had sex with a guy I met on Grindr one night.  While we were talking, he showed me some other guy on Grindr he was into.  We kept talking, but I started messaging that guy, because he was hotter than the guy I was with.  After I had sex with the first guy, I met up with the other guy, hooked up with him, then bragged about it to the first guy.
My partner and I just bought and watched it.  It's fucking amazing.  One of my favorite comedies in recent memory.  It was so much funnier than I was expecting.  I'm kinda sad I can't watch it for the first time again.
Walmart? Summer is coming, so they should be hiring. I believe they start at $9/hr now and they work with any kind of school schedule your might have. My partner works there, and they've been very accommodating with him going to school full time.
No one is doing anyone any favors by being so vague. This headline is idiotic, and without specificity, it may as well be a Trump quote.
People getting bullied for being nerds.  I don't think, in my entire life, I've ever seen someone get bullied for liking computers or video games.  I've seen people get bullied because they have an abrasive personality.  I've seen smart people be assholes and get bullied and *think* it's because they're nerds.  But I've never seem someone legitimately bully someone just because they like something (computers, anime, video games, etc.)
If you can separate the 2, why even bring it up? American Alien has nearly universal praise. This was barely a question worth asking, especially I'm this weirdly, overdramatic fashion.
We moved in together in college. Unfortunately, I was secretly gay and thought I was in love with him or something. I don't know. It's been years. I was so stupid. I can't remember my thought process. It really seems like I have another person's memories, because I can't believe I was so fucking horrible. But we moved in together. He was religious, I was not. I pretended to be, and went to a bunch of church shit. Got really depressed. Got really clingy as a result. Convinced him to fool around with me. Not sure if he wanted to, but I definitely pushed that too far too fast. He didn't take it well. We started fighting. He started dating someone. I'm alone, surrounded by these religious people I fucking hate, losing the person I cared most about. Turns out, I don't handle situations like that well when I'm 18. I get kinda obsessive. Definitely harass him passed the point of legality. Depression spiral into acting even dumber. Literally cannot remember why I was in that state of mind or what was going through my head, but apparently it was dumb. Punched his car. Got arrested. Snapped the fuck out of whatever that whole thing was. Haven't talked to him since. No idea what he's doing, don't want to know. Can't even comprehend the version of me that turned into that fucking psycho. 
I think it's a safe bet for PC.  BN has embraced PC pretty readily lately.  Even Tales comes to PC.  The last one came to PC 3 days after the US release of the console version, even.
You are Dracula's son in multiple games, Dracula's reincarnation in 2 games, and Dracula himself killing humans in several games, so, actually, even Castlevania.
Well, I wasn't interested in long term relationships. I wasn't interested in relationships at all in fact. It hasn't come up yet, but I'm gay, and at 19 I wasn't actually very comfortable with the idea of being intimate and vulnerable with a man. I'd grown up in Arkansas and was going to school in Louisiana, and I didn't have the healthiest views in homosexuality. My experience was very limited and I was afraid to be open about it. As a result I did and said a lot of stupid things. But, I met people in University that didn't care, I learned to be comfortable, I learned how to do simple things like hold hands and cuddle without feeling awkward or scared. It was a process, but my tastes gradually changed from.purely sexual to romantic. I wanted to go on dates and have movie nights, even if it was all still casual. I became comfortable with myself over those years, and as a result, I realized there were other options besides hookups and one night stands. But, my partner and I both realized there's no right way to be in a relationship. We didn't have any expectations for the final outcome. We weren't looking to get married and we weren't coming at it as if the other person was our soul mate. We liked (and eventually loved) each other, and we made everything up as we went along.
Welcome to the club.  I was recovering at my dad's place from my 3rd major back surgery 3 years ago.  Heard about a database job, taught myself SQL on YouTube, got the job at $33k, then got promoted to interim Coordinator of the department at $41k, then dropped the interim 6 months later and bumped up to $55k, and here I am. :)
This is actually my first real relationship.  I'd had sex before this, but never a relationship.  That's why we worked at it like we did.  Our relationship changed several times before we figured out the sweet spot for ourselves.  We love each other, but we sat down and had some serious talks about what would make each of us happy in a relationship.  We came to the conclusion, after trial and error, that we liked the option of being open, but that neither of necessarily cared to take advantage of it, at least not on a regular basis.  

We're both *extremely* open about sexuality.  We enjoy talking about the dynamic of our relationship and exploring other possibilities.  We'd discussed polyamory, open relationships, monogomy, etc.  We've even discussed how we'd handle it if we don't last forever.  We like to be realistic, and, as a result, I think we've created a relationship that's much more flexible than you'd normally see.

But you're right, it takes a level of communication that would make some people uncomfortable.  People get jealous.  Heck, I realized I got a little jealous under certain conditions.  Trust me, getting to where we are was not a smooth process.  We just knew we didn't want to have a "regular" relationship.  After that was settled, we went about exploring other options.  But yeah, sometimes people don't want to tell their SO they are attracted to someone else.  Some people can't separate love and sex (and that's alright, if it works for them).  Some even have trouble separating social interaction and love (man with a female friend, for example).  It's just whatever works for you.

The only time I take anything personally with respect to my relationship, is when people get condescending, as if their version is somehow better.  I love that the definition of my relationship was in flux for so long.  It was such an interesting process.  I wouldn't trade it, ever.  A rigid set of predetermined steps to the "correct" relationship sounds awful...to me.  I don't judge the Afghan guy.  I think his choices sound odd, but they're a result of cultural and personal differences, and he seems to be happy.  That's great...for him.

Side note though, my only "internet stranger observation" would be that he's extremely young, and I can only speak to my experience, but my tastes changed a LOT between 19 and now [26].  Maybe his won't.  Who knows.
I don't quite get your point here. Nothing you said is any more or less likely whether your partner was a virgin. His relationship will likely suffer the same pitfalls as mine. The underlying cause of disagreements later in life isn't a couple's sexual history. 2 virgins may disagree about children or health issues just as easily as 2 people in an open relationship.

But no, ours is not based on passion, per se. We plan for our future, discuss children, what we'd do if one of us was sick. We own a house, we have stable jobs, and have a fairly normal life. Our relationship is just non-standard. There's no rulebook to follow. Neither of us like traditional relationships, so we don't have one. You can have a mature, successful, long-term relationship without the pressure of marriage or monogamy.

Edit: I will say, our "story" is also weird, and greatly influenced the paradigm of our relationship. We worked very hard to develop our life, and we're very happy, but it was an odd journey, for sure.
Well, yes, but I wasn't asking myself.
> I'm glad you asked this one, it's really weird to me I don't understand how people can do that, I feel like I'm 1000 years behind everyone else. I've tried really hard to make it seem natural but for me it's just feels like sex should only be done when married to that person.

It's just a culture thing.  I'm sure to a lot of people here, you're version is equally strange for various reasons.  I've been with the same person for almost 5 years.  We started dating casually, got more serious, tried to have an open relationship for a bit, decided we liked each other the best, and now we've settled into a kind of "implied open relationship" paradigm, where we have implicit permission to do what we'd like, but we don't really take advantage of it anymore.  We're also not married.  I like my version better than yours, but virginity and pureness were never part of my upbringing, and, as a result, I don't think they are particularly valuable traits in a person.  In fact, to me, someone that's had previous sexual partners is more experienced and, thus, more likely to be better in bed.
Well, yeah, obviously the characters are meant to think that.  I meant the creators of the show.  The people who wrote those scenes.  Did they intend for the Christians to come off as the good guys or the bad guys?
That's a fair point.
Well, I mean, you are, so.........................
We must be using different things as reference.  The 100% Erythritol I have in my hand has 1tsp = 4g.  There are about 36 tsp in 3/4c.  36x4 = 144, so 14.4g/serving.

Regardless, you're still wrong and the carb count is still double digit, and you're just being thick headed. =\
Well, if that's the case, then this recipe has like 14.6 extra carbs per serving.  Erythritol is a sugar alcohol.  3/4 cup = 146 carbs from sugar alcohol = 14.6 carbs per their serving suggestions.

Halo Top is also sweetened by Erythritol.  If you're willing to eat this, you should be willing to eat Halo Top.

EDIT:  And i have no idea how they're only getting 36g carbs from Erythritol (they mislabeled it as fiber).  Erythritol has like 1g carb per 1g.  3/4c should be around 146g of erythritol, which is 146 carbs.
Huh?  Halo Top has like 4g net carbs per serving.  Are you eating the entire pint in one sitting? =\
Were the Christians supposed to come off as the good guys in the video?  Because they sounded like complete assholes...
Well, I mean, Halo Top already existed, so it's not that hard to believe.  This does look good though.  Granted, it's way more effort than just buying a pint of premade...
Well, my brother's life was pretty fucked up already, but he recently stabbed a guy 19 times.  I'd say that was probably the biggest time:impact ratio he's managed so far.
Try to find a local board game community. That's what my partner and I did. We've made a lot of friends that way. It's nice meeting a couple times a week and playing a few board games. Talking about random shit. We went like 4 years without friends or any social interactions outside of family events.
My experience with morphine is that it kicks like a mule and you're struggling to keep your eyes open after about 30 seconds. I didn't have an ounce of energy for making faces or dancing. I struggled to talk...
Seems like a really dumb thing to purposely attempt to reinforce the idea that bugs are scary.  I'm fucking terrified of cockroaches for literally no reason.  They do nothing.  I know that.  They crawl around.  They don't even look particularly gross.  They're just kinda flat and boring looking.  But I freak the fuck out when I see one.  Why?  Because at some point I was taught bugs are scary monsters and I can't get over that shit.  It's so dumb.
They already did Court of Owls.  It's called Batman vs. Robin.  It's awful.
There's also a 12-part animated motion comic...
There's a 12-episode motion comic made by DC.
There's already an animated motion comic done by DC.  Just go watch that...
Half of the stuff in this topic sounds more like "becoming co-dependent" not being in love.


I had an open relationship.  I knew I was in love when I was fucking someone else, but how good it felt wasn't important because I wasn't fucking my partner.  Now I only fuck my partner, and I don't miss fucking other people.
2 days ago.
I walked into the living room at like 3am one night.  There's my partner, pants at his ankles, phone in one hand, dick in the other, sound asleep in our big recliner.  No idea how he managed that...
I had that exact God conversation after fucking a guy once. He said he prayed after every hookup for God to forgive him for his transgressions. He didn't think it was funny when I asked if he wanted to transgress again prior to his God time, or that I laughed at him. We didn't fuck again after that. Strange mindset for a gay guy...
I almost got expelled.  Had some pretty serious conversations with teachers, admins, and the police.  I was basically stalking and harassing a guy.
No, they don't. I think DQ2 is a surprise sequel to DQ1, but that's about it, and even then, you wouldn't know unless you played both. The others have no relation to each other in terms of story or characters.
That is almost certainly an auto-correct mistake from a mobile post.
7 is an odd duck, that's for sure.  Have you played 4, 5, or 6?  I find them to be excellent.  7 is just an odd game.  There's a good game in there.  If you're willing to wade through the river of bullshit.  Some of the individual stories are good, but it's a very very long game, even by JRPG standards.  I don't regret playing it, but I would have a very hard time recommending it to anyone.  I would say don't look at DQ7 when trying to determine whether you want to play a DQ game.  4-6 are the story-driven (which seem to influence 10) while 3 and 9 are the classic D&D, roll your party type affair.
Depends on the DQ game.  4, 5, and 6 are generally considered to have the best stories, with 5 being the highlight.  All 3 have some very surprising and deep moments.  They are all excellent stories.  Some of the best in gaming.  5 is up there with FFVI (if you talk to someone that's actually played both).

The games where you don't roll your entire team generally have the better stories.  DQ9, for instance, let you create your entire team.  None of them had actual stories.  You just made them and went out adventuring in a big world.  DQ5 has a predetermined team with their own stories.

I don't know which sort of game DQXI is though.  If it's the latter, it's a safe assumption it will have an interesting story that takes some non-standard twists and turns.
Level 5 is a good comparison point.  They developed Dragon Quest IX.  Dragon Quest is basically the de facto JRPG.  It is like JRPG incarnate.  It is everything old school just polished to the nth degree. It's just as traditional as possible, yet somehow really good.
Why is that woman even dressed like that?  For headphones?
Did anyone actually look at the system? It doesn't just give you a thumbs up and down. That's how YOU rate stuff. Netflix now gives you a percentage chance you'll like something instead of stars. So based on my Thumbs Ups and Downs, it looks like there's a 98% chance I'll like Archer. Everyone seems to think Netflix will now just present you with a Thumbs Up or Down, but that isn't the case. The ratings you receive are now more granular than before while the ratings you give are simplified.
Kinda dumb to make a rant topic about it. People don't like the price. It's expensive for a shirt. Being able to afford it doesn't make it cheap. I'm not buying one for 2 reasons. 1. I didn't know they existed until I saw this topic and 2. It's too expensive for a shirt. Does that mean I'm having a bitch fit or invalidating your purchase? No. Other people's complaining doesn't somehow lower your own perceived value of something. It's silly to make a rant topic to justify buying something. It's dumb to argue about clothing. It's dumb to argue whether your perceived value is more or less relevant than the actual value. Everyone has opinions.

And if you really have a shit about charity, you'd just donate to charity without receiving a gift in return. Fake piety is also dumb.
While I think it's perfectly fine to want everyone to be respectful, I do think this rule, and how the mods are saying they will enforce it, is not. Obviously I'm not a mod, and have no say in the matter, but I do think this is a waste of time, and that other rules already covered it. This just seems like an excuse to squash a particular kind of post, not a meaningful addition to the rules. It's basically just profiling. Trolling is trolling. It was already being moderated. This is basically just making people scared to post particular jokes. One mod said people would, in most cases, receive a ban for saying "PC Master Race". That's ridiculous. Moderately annoying behavior is not the same as serious vitrol or hateful antagonism.  Why not ban people for pointing out that PlayStation has exclusive content? It's essentially the same thing. I'm disappointed in this post, the moderation team, and the community for embracing this restrictive, unnecessary nonsense. Mandatory niceness is, for lack of a better word, stupid. Civility is fine, "everybody love everybody" is dumb.

Edit: Bring on the downvotes. Don't care. The rule is stupid, and it's shockingly pathetic that people are perfectly fine with the way it's going to be enforced.
You ever seen the Malcolm in the Middle episode where Hal becomes drunk with power and attempts to institute mandatory niceness? You'd like it. He gives and eerily similar speech, in fact. It's very moving.
So in most cases, something moderately annoying will get you banned? Makes sense. Totally not an overreaction.
Danganronpa is absolutely amazing if you like Visual novels.
That's $7.08. If I get 2x side beef and chicken, and 1x side of cheese, guacamole, and Sour Cream, it's only $5. That's a 40% markup for convenience. Not sure it's worth it. It is a nice idea for a super rush though. I didn't think to do it, and I'll keep it in mind, but if I have a few minutes to wait, it's significantly cheaper to go in.
I know it's not N52, but Green Lanterns is probably the best place to start for new readers of GL comics.  It's not really tied into any previous events.  Otherwise, there's not a great starting point in the N52.  


When the N52 started, Geoff Johns was in the middle of his pretty insanely long run, and, unlike nearly every other book, Green Lantern was not interrupted by the relaunch.  The Green Lantern books were one continuous story from Green Lantern: Rebirth until the end of Johns' run, Wrath of the First Lantern.
Their app doesn't allow for low carb, sadly.  If you're doing keto, you still have to go in to order because, generally, you'll be ordering sides of chicken and beef, but the app doesn't let you order sides of those things. :(
Brings back high school memories.  Really enjoyed Rise Against when back then, not so much these days for some reason.  Can't quite put my finger on it, but it just doesn't do much for me anymore.  Really enjoyed their stuff though, and this was a pleasant trip down memory lane.
Quick question (if you don't mind) did you just study data science to get into this field? I currently do institutional research at a college, and while I enjoy the laid back environment, it's not even remotely challenging. We do a lot of our stuff in SQL Server, and they get all mystified if I write a query that's like 20 lines long. I mean, they think joining tables in a database is just some witchcraft level shit.  I studied math and kinda fell into this data thing, but after 3 years, I find I really enjoy it.  Do you have advice for going the data science or BI route as opposed to the DBA route (which I'm kinda getting shoehorned into).
Even if we could carry our stuff with us, I'd be over to PC so fast I wouldn't even remember what gear I was leaving.  There is literally nothing that will keep me on console when a PC version of this is released.
Importation questions being asked right here.
I would just say requiring gifts in general. My family gave me a ton of grief because I said I wouldn't use a gift they gave me. They called me a spoiled, unappreciative asshole...Because I wouldn't use a wallet with a built-in money clip...Because I don't carry cash. And I told them not to get me anything a month beforehand. I have no idea why they got it, what made them think I'd use it, or why I can't answer the question honestly. I told them thank you when I opened it and that I appreciated the thought. But fuck me, they asked if I'd actually use it. Those motherfuckers knew damn well I wouldn't, and gave it to me as a trap. I'm just now realizing...
I just realized I've gone 25 years without ever seeing "Cavs" spelled out.  I had no idea what team people were talking about my entire life until this moment.  I always thought it was calfs.  I don't even have a good reason for that, I just always thought that's what people were saying.
I was always under the impression that he left Home Improvement to try his hand at movies, made a bunch of bombs, then disappeared into obscurity.
Not that I have an argument for you, but I'm also 25 exiting my dad's plan next year, and I don't feel bad at all that it failed.  How is the average American worse under the ACA?  Just because you can't buy acorss state lines?
Eh, Rayman Fiesta Run and Jungle Run are much better versions of this.  Fiesta Run has tons of levels and some of them are really challenging.  It also gets more inventive with the ways you can interact with the character and environment (running up walls, punching stuff, floating, etc.).  Plus it's much cheaper.
Jungle Run and Fiesta Run are much much better than Mario Run.  Fiesta Run has an absolutely insane amount of levels, and some really really hard ones at that.  It's actually really impressive how big and good that game is.
Dev seems to focus on features that are root-agnostic.  There's nothing wrong with that.  Different priorities than Action Launcher's dev.
It's not up to them. Google doesn't make that publicly available up app developers.
Didn't say it looked bad. Just not especially stable as a pizza. Maybe another configuration would suit the ingredients more without affecting the taste. But apparently it's more stable than the picture suggests.
I haven't played since RoI released.  Is the ornament economy still stupid?  Do you still need an obscene amount of silver dust to do anything?
May as well just mix  it all up and bake it into more of a casserole or dip.  More convenient with the same taste.


Also, I'm surprised this stuck together (assuming it did).  The moisture in that pic makes me think the cheese would just slide right off when you tried to do anything "pizza-like" with it...
My cousin spent an inordinate amount of money decorating her house with themes that have no relevance or meaning to her like "blue" and "zebra".  I spent a modest amount of money decorating my house with things that are important to me like Pokemon and the Justice League.  According to my family, I wasted my time and money, she didn't.

EDIT: Also, because I like video games and comic books, I never grew up and don't do anything worthwhile.  I'm 25, in a happy relationship, own my own house, have a new car, have a job I love, have time for hobbies, have enough money to pay for partner's school, and have plenty of money in the bank.  Unsuccessful somehow though.
So, you've chosen a path that is very much dictated by "the people you know".  Generally, it's very hard to be successful in these sorts of careers without connections.  You should network like crazy while you still can.  Talk to your professors/advisor(s) about opportunities.  They've presumably been in the area awhile and could help you out (if they like you).


There's not really a pleasant way to say it.  If you don't plan on teaching, you're going to have a tough time without knowing someone that can give you a break.  It's the nature of entertainment based degrees.  If you can't network successfully, you may consider teaching.  But you may run into a debt problem trying to get a master's in a field that's not especially lucrative.
I climbed Felwinter's Peak shortly after RoI released. I did that after I finished the story and before the raid released. I quit playing after that climb, so I would imagine that's the last thing I'll do. I was pretty upset by how much money I wasted on RoI and lost interest in the game. Still looking forward to Destiny 2, but D1 ended as a fairly bitter disappointment in the end, for me, at least.
I was in an Abstract Algebra course in my undergrad.  Anyone that gets to that level of undergraduate math can tell you that things change dramatically in terms of difficulty and time needed to grasp concepts.


Well, I was mid fuck, and I had an epiphany about a proof, and I just got up and left the guy to go to my living room and write down the solution while it was still on my mind.  He was cool about it, but we never met up again after that.
Halo 3 was a big deal before it released.  I mean, like a monumental deal.  I'm sure a lot of us remember it.  I don't think there was a bigger game launch up to that point.


About 2 months before it came out, I was helping my neighbor's daughter with some math.  She needed some tutoring.  I finished up explaining something, and my neighbor asked how she could pay me.  I told her I didn't need any payment.  It wasn't a big deal.  She said she won a game in a contest and that she didn't want it.  She thought it was a Wii game.  She said she was going to toss it, but if I was interested, I could have it.  She handed me Halo 3 still in the packaging.  I was literally speechless.  The online servers weren't even on and there was a pre-release warning sticker on it about "some systems may not be available before X date".  I probably could have sold that game for damn near any price I wanted, but I opened it immediately and basked in the dumbstruck messages of my Xbox Live friends' messages asking how I hacked my system to say I was playing Halo 3.  It was glorious.
Snipperclips, Shovel Knight, Blaster Master Zero, and Fast Racing RMX are all really good...
I test drove the Accord today. It was spectacular. So much better than my beat up G6. I could only get the guy to come off $500, but it seems like an incredibly nice car for $14k. Also, the blindspot camera on the right mirror is really cool.
Pimpnite has tons of Pokemon theme team battles.  Love watching them.  He takes themes (all female, ash's abandoned pokemon, etc) and makes really crazy sets out of them that you wouldn't normally expect (Special Machamp, physical Gengar, etc.) and battles with them.  His videos are really fun watches if you're a Pokemon fan.
I just realized the Camry is 3 hours away. :(
Does the Accord being older for the same price matter?  


Looking at consumer reviews, the Accord has slightly higher reviews, but apparently the Camry has better fuel efficiency, which is really important to me, as that's basically the only thing I care about.  Seems like the Camry would last just as long while getting better gas mileage.  Does that sound accurate? =P
This.  If it's not in writing, you don't really have any leverage.  Always get promises in writing, regardless of how well you get on with someone or the company.  If you don't have a paper trail, there's no reason for them to honor the promise besides being nice.
Do you have a recommendation out of these 3?


https://littlerock.craigslist.org/ctd/6013035467.html

https://littlerock.craigslist.org/ctd/6027196893.html

https://littlerock.craigslist.org/cto/6024370419.html
Art was great.  Story wasn't.  The fight didn't make much sense at all.  Arkillo would have killed him immediately.  Why does Arkillo only take time to monologue and gloat when he's fighting human lanterns?  Plot armor, obviously, but it's still annoying.  He just murders everyone else without much in the way of hesitation.
And here we go.  Everyone guess way more than what's going to happen.  One raid will be brought up with some slight changes.  That'll be that.  Content updates are never that much content.  It's usually some good QoL stuff, but stop getting your hopes up for something more impressive.
I'm gonna cut your face so bad you'll have a chin.
Which is why it's only interesting around the holidays when prices drop more quickly.
It's a more attractive offer closer to the holidays when games get really deep discounts.  Dishonored 2 randomly went for $20 on Dell shortly after release, and I used a $25 card from a pre-order on that.  Before like October though, I wouldn't bother.
Well, my dog ate 3 rotisserie chicken carcasses and a tub of sour cream 2 days ago, so I guess I should plan the funeral.
Well, the historic low is $25 on GOG, so...
Someone else mentioned that Divinity has direct IP connection options that let you connect outside of Steam, but you may want to verify the version on Steam and the version on GOG are the same.
It's totally fair.  I just don't want to pay that much. =P
Divinity is $16, which I believe is the all-time low.  Witcher 3 GOTY is still being stubborn at $30.
When I was first coming to terms with the gay thing, I was super clingy to a particular friend. I was basically obsessed with this guy and acted like a total stalker bitch for a bit. It literally hurts to think about it. Seems like it was a different person in hindsight, but nope, that was me.
It's not even remotely surprising.  Nintendo has literally zero experience or precedent in "services".  They just have individual products.  They have shown almost no interest in these sorts of ventures.  The Switch's online service, as described so far, is still miles away from any kind of actual on-demand service.  It's just multiplayer and a game rental.
DROP removes an object. DELETE removes records within a table, basically. You don't delete a table. You drop it. You delete individual rows.
Well, I don't think you could possibly fuck up as bad as she did.


There was a skills demonstration and a small written portion to fill out.  I wrote both portions, and the written part was supposed to be easy.  It was supposed to build up your confidence before the coding part.  It was stuff like "What's a primary key" and "What's the difference between DROP and DELETE".  Simple stuff.


I let everyone have Google and a cheat sheet for the coding portion, and in my mind, you wouldn't use those things for the written portion; however, this woman rightly pointed out that I handed her the written portion THEN told her she could use her resources to help however she wanted.  So, my rules did not prevent her from using Google on the written portion.  Well, she was right, and it's fair.  No one else noticed this loophole, but I didn't stop others, so I wouldn't stop her.  I told her that wasn't my idea for this portion, but that she was right and it would not negatively impact how I viewed her results if she searched for the answers.


Oddly, she decided against searching and guessed incorrectly on every question.  It was amusing and sad.


If you're wondering why they could have a cheatsheet and Google, it's because I don't really care if they can remember all the syntax.  Syntax is practice. Logic and understanding are what's important.  It's glaringly obvious if someone is using Google as a resource to help or a crutch.  I'm more interested in if you understood the questions.  Was your logic sound.  If you couldn't do it, were you at least headed in the right direction.  If I ask for "how many records" did you provide me a COUNT or did you just [SELECT *] and provide me a list?  These are the things that matter.  Don't waste time when you've already been told you can look up the damn answers. >_>
I interviewed someone for a SQL job last Thursday.  Degree doesn't even show that sometimes.
Made a Grindr profile.
One day Ace Attorney vs. Phoenix Wright will be on sale.  One day. :(
Arkansas of all places is trying to capitalize on the need for STEM students.  There's a bill that's about to pass that will essentially make community college free for those pursuing STEM degrees.  It's actually really surprising.  I work at a community college, and the article about it just got sent out by our President.  It's meant to target students that are "poor, but not poor enough" to qualify for enough aid to cover school.
They've been giving away a lot of stuff lately. Yesterday they had a bundle of Valiant comics up that was pretty nice. Even redeemed through Comixology. Hopefully they keep up the quality. I'll keep Prime regardless, but it's nice to have the added value.
I know there are legal ways to watch it, but I'd actually like to suppor the game.  I just can't justify the $60 when I'll hate the actual gameplay.  I'll definitely buy it when it's like $20, but it'd be nice to jump on sooner. =P
That looks really awesome.  It's a shame I'm terrible at fighting games, and don't enjoy them.  I wish there was a good way to just experience the story.  I hate to just YouTube it, but I also don't want to pay for a fighting game I'll never play...
Reddit is full of posts like this. It's ridiculous. The guy is the president. He has a Republican Congress that backs almost everything he does. He has a cabinet that supports basically everything he does. He is surrounded by people that support basically everything he does. He was voted into office and all of his fellow Republicans were voted into office. They won and they have control. Trump doesn't have any problems because there's nothing anyone can do unless he does something illegal, and even then it's not a guarantee. There's no change on the horizon and it doesn't matter what all these "Americans" think about him. He won because his people vote, and they will continue to vote in the future. We hoped it was just a matter of time until the old school Republicans died off and we could be rid of this bullshit, but the election showed that all it needed was a new cult leader to drag some new folks into the herd.


Sit back and buckle up. This shit is real and it's happening regardless of anyone's opinion of his competency. Being competent isn't a requirement to be president. Deal with it, and maybe next time get off your ass and vote.
Outside of just being an unhinged Superman, his only weakness is a red son.  He's not vulnerable to Kryptonite from other universes and he's not weak to magic.
Prism

It is a bill payment app.  It is dead simple and you can pay bills from it for free with no hassle.  It doesn't have many more features than bill payment, but if you don't need something complicated like Mint, Prism is really spectacular.  It shows when bills need to be paid, indicates if they are set up as automatic payments, and lets you pay directly from the app for bills that are not automatically deducted.  You can attach as many payment methods as you want, and pay bills from whichever payment method you'd like.  It's been really amazing for my partner and I when it comes to managing who pays bills from what account.
Also, he fucked up everyone in Sinestro Corps War, including the Anti-Monitor.
It's a solid, ridiculous game.  It's not amazing, but it knows what it is, and it leans into it as hard as possible.
Maybe in the GL tie-in? But most of that took place on OA.
I processed them into a meal, so yeah, definitely used more. I do think this is a good treat that's easy to make. But even using less, the calories are quite high. If you slice in 8 pieces, you're still hitting like 500-800 calories for 2-3 slices. :P
I made this last night.  It turned out really well.  I put crushed red pepper flakes in the crust as well.  Really enjoyed it.  It holds really well and tastes good.  I think it's a little better than almond flour pizza.


Now, that being said, it's extremely caloric, but that's pretty common with basically any pizza recipe.  This thing has like 1000+ calories of cheese alone.  Plus almost 2 medium bags of pork rinds and the sauce.  This thing has like 2000 calories after the toppings.  I enjoyed it, but it's definitely a once per month kind of meal.  It is super duper heavy, and I wouldn't suggest stepping on the scale the morning after eating this. =P
Has anyone met John yet?  I don't think I've actually seen him on Earth since the N52 started.  Granted, I don't read everything, but I really can't think of a time he went to Earth...
Sidenote to this, has anyone read the Young Justice comics recently?  I read all 4 volumes over the last few weeks.  I found them to be...lacking, I guess.  I thought the story concepts were fine, but the pacing and dialog were really bad.  There was no continuity of story anywhere.  Each page just randomly jumped from event to event with no real regard to sense or pace.  I really did not enjoy them.  Just wondering if anyone else has similar feelings or a different perspective on them?
Yes, it is.
I have not played Next Order.  If it's ever $10, I may grab it and see, but after Cyber Sleuth, I think I've got my Digimon nostalgia filed for quite some time.  But by all accounts, Next Order is more of the same but slightly worse.
Oh, yes, I didn't mention that, but the game does give a VERY good first impression.  It's properly mysterious and intriguing.  It looks very Persona.  Then you get plopped into the real world, and it takes a hard left into a brick wall of boredom.
> due for a reboot here pretty soon

"Soon" is like 2020 for Square Enix. >_>