/r/theydidthemath 
> just as much of your own right now

Not really. I've only commented, what? Twice now? You've been at this for hours already. I'm just sayin you're putting way too much energy into one negative subject. But as you said, 'spend/waste it however you like.' 
Are we sure he made it home?



sorry.
I thought there wasn't but then I started to doubt myself. lol

I've definitely thought about for her and other people around town who regularly help me. I'll try to remember next christmas. :)
But, at least right now, you're doing it to a far more negative means. /r/Awww might do you some good. 
I saw sasquash in my backyard. I wanted to get a picture of him for you guys but he's not showing up anymore. 
There's mail on Christmas? Serious question. I've never paid attention and now I feel bad. lol
> Nuh bruh, you just gotta repeatedly flex and un-flex your calf muscles.Even if you can't feel them, hopefully you can move your ankle around with your hand to help.

Oh hell yea! This is the best news ever!

> If you have no more calf muscles you are screwed, though.

Oh. Shit.

That voice though. Yerrg. 
Well I'd say Tomi is physically attractive, moreso than Michelle, but everything else about her ruins it. 
Same. Sometimse I've thought about tipping my mail lady though. She's familiar with me and knows I'm in a wheelchair so if she has a package or something she'll happily help me bring it inside or put it in the garage for me if I leave it open.  Everyonce in a while she'll catch in in my van and pull over to bring my mail to me even if she's a few houses away. :) 
And if you're in a wheelchair, like me, just accept your fate and wait for death. 
Neither could his mom
Knocking yourself out while trying to put on your pants. 
The teacher had no lines in this story.
That's a very good point. I, obviously, didn't consider that either. 
Its super easy! I just did it. 
Clcik the link then all you have to do is take a picture of you Medicaid Card, choose your state  and submit it! I assume the process for EBT is similar. 
I approve of these socks. 
deep sucking
I'm still hopeful that they'll make an appearance one day. 
People are stupid. haha. I'm sure they believed you actually have something. 
It's safe to say that the person said it is literal trash. 
FINALLY! I sort of forgot about this show and this is the perfect reason to get back in.

Edit: I thought alcohol made hot stuff worse
Same. I can only watch The Trailer Park Boys with headphones on because of how often thers a dog barking in the background. 
That's great and all but I'd hate to be in that audience. "Oh god. Flex your pride somewhere else, man! This is taking forever!"

Kidding. I'm actually just jealous. I tried walking again and my doctor told me to stop before I hurt myself. :( 
Hockey: Instead of sticks they get leaf blowers and katanas. 
Fuck that guy. Fining accessible parking can be hard enough, we don't need assholes crippling themselves on purpose. 
There was nothing to ruin. 
> She can cling to me any time.

she never would. 

> She really does not wear anything that you dont see around college girls.

What the fuck does that have to do with anything? Or are you just insane? 
Or stop being a twat and just post what ever you have. 
I could be wrong, I was wrong about Trump winning the election, but I feel like this is nothing more than publicity bullshit and people are eating it up. Now not only are they talking about Trump but they're Talking about Kanye 'Look at me' West too. 
He's legally blind now so he didn't even see it coming. 
"Must have a big dick, love god and herpes." 
I thought she was talking about Amy. cause that outfit is bangin' 
I was distracrted by a dog, I think I missed that part. At the end they both said thank you. 
"I'n not your slave and you're not my master...

..I'm not a monkey..."

Phrashing..... 
How is that asserting dominance? 
"I want a girl to be like 'how are you still single.'"

Change your shirt first. 


Edit:...Nevermind
Burning Man

He has a flame burning for you. 
Thanks! I was kinda hoping it had blue tooth or something so you could blast music through it.  lol

Does it have a safety shutoff feature or anything? Is it possible to over heat if you dont draw after the 15 min pre-heat?
Or record Bart Simpson shilling for Scientology. 
Nope. Only if you're rich/famous. 
I got too excited and bought it right off the bat. I wish I saw this sooner. I could have saved $50. Hopefully its still fun to mess with.
True, I just figured he'd be closer since he's, at least to me, a main cast member. Or regular cast member might be more accurate.   Ah well, he doesnt seem to upset about it.
Damn Patrick getting stiffed. 
Hopefully he learns more from Bubbles than Ricky. 
If he can crawl he can drink and sell dope. 
Yea, if I were famous and dating I would be ecstatic to meet someone who had no idea who I was. 
"Did you just tell them the end of Titanic? huhhuhuh. That's aweosme. I have to fire you. huhuhuhu but that's awesome."
Thats pretty much all I use mine as. I haven't done nearly enough research on other vaporizers to venture a purchase yet. Also money.

The Arizer EQ look pretty cool. Any complaints or things to be aware of with it?  Also what are the audio buttons for? 
I'm hitting mine right now. The power adapter was a life saver. I just wish it was easier to clean under the lid. 
But its kind of cooky for her to think it won't happen and go on the warpath to stop it. 

Let's assume nobody intended to screenshot it to begin with except for some random people. The second she makes a big deal about it more people are going to do it just to spite her. she could easily put a text before her snaps saying "No screenshots" or add it to her display name. As it is, she's basically challenging people to screenshot as much as possible. And god bless them. That shit was a ripoff. 
Finally. I may get another chance to be on that show. 

Though, I'll probably just watch it and be envous of all the mediocre/overpriced prizes. 
Back before I used a wheelchair I walked witha noticeable 'limp.' It was damn near impossible to carry one of these things while walking without it skipping even with the 'anti\-skip' function. So glad those days are over. 
Skyrim. God damn Skyrim. I dont even want to look at that game anymore. 
I'm not a fan of Radiohead but I always loved this video. 
This is the second post about 'Slow\-mo guys' I've seen today. I'm not familiar with them, I'll have to check their vids out.
Holy crap! .......Prince was black? TIL

Sort of serious. I wasn't the biggest Prince fan so I never really thought about it. I just knew he was a badass with more sex appeal than I'll ever have. 
Yea I think John probably told Malcolm "Yea, sure mate we'll do it." And then wrote about a submarine just to fuck with him/the label. 
>ツ

How do you do that prt?
They both did! And both great, you're right
I had a major crush on Vanessa
My grandma used to draw him on the birthday/christmas cards she sent me. I had no idea what it was. 
And there were always a couple lucky kids who didn't have to. Bastards. 
I rememberr missing an episode and my siter taunted me saying that they showed Nanny's face and I missed it...
Did they not already do that? twice? Realmyst and whatever the other one was. 
As an adult I still kind of wish they'd give me this stuff over the pills. 
I got this game for Christmas from my aunt, I remember not asking for it and having no interest in it. I remember thinking it looked too much like a kiddie game. I guess I was wrong. Or I'm thinking of Ratchet and Clank. Either way. 
12 years is \*barely\* long enough to be nostalgic. And the image isn't even the original dashboard. 
Nick and Night? How old are you?

This is regular Nick, kid. Maybe Snick, I dont remember. 
  I guess I missed out. I was born in 87  and I didn't notice much of a switch other than my local shops declining in quality because my location sucks. 
I'm about to take my last dose for the night so I'll try   and see what happens.
I may just need more practice.  I'll switch between swishing and not .
Did 90's McDoanlds smell different than today's McDonald's?
I'll try again next time I dose. I may just need to work on my technique so I dont get a dry powdery swallow with the liquid remaining stationary. lol
That's worse some how. I did that and the k was pushed down my throat but the liquid wasnt and I felt like I was gonna puke.

I can't make sense of it. 
I do 2 grams at a time, but even then without swishing its hard to swallow for me.
I have texture issues so I can swallow it unless I swish it up and get rid of some of that gritty chunky feeling. 
I do T&W exclusively now, because I got tired of having to mess with making capsules. That said, sometimes T&W doesn't end well. Every once in a while I'll put the powder in my mouth then put whatever drink in my mouth to swish it around, but I'll do it too fast and as the liquid goes into my moutth somehow the dry Kratom will be forced down my throat and cause almost instant upchuck. Not a good feeling. 
What do you do if the person acknowledges their problem but refuses to get help and seems to almost relish the thoughtt of it killing them?
There it is. You're nothing more than  pretentious prick. 
[https://www.studyusa.com/en/a/107/what\-is\-the\-difference\-between\-a\-school\-college\-and\-university\-in\-the\-usa](https://www.studyusa.com/en/a/107/what-is-the-difference-between-a-school-college-and-university-in-the-usa)

' In the United States, the word "school" describes any place where people learn ' 
Maybe comparatively reasonable, but Red was still kind of a prick. 
This also makes me sad that I never had a tree house growing up. :\( 
You're not evening trying anymore. Sad. Well, it was fun while it lasted. 
And you never provided a source. So you still get an F for effort.  

But I'm done arguing semantics with you. 
> Yes

Thats all I needed to hear. 
Thanks for the link. I recognized the name but couldn't place to any specific song.  

RIP :( 
> a university is an institution of education

So a school. 

'An educational institution is a place where people of different ages gain an education.[1] Examples of some institutions are preschools, primary schools, secondary schools, and further and higher education.'

It just offers more advanced education. But it is literally a school. 
Conan is falling into that list. He's not what he used to be and now his fans are becoming mostly pretentious unaware morons. 
His closing line at the end sounded like somethign out of a poorly acted scetch show. 
A university is literally a school. 
No, but they would LIE about making more than  €135 an hour
You must really hate gay people. 
$5 to anyone who licks it.
There's a fine line between goofy and creepy, I guess. 
This guy doesn't even know where the line was he's just running. 
"this is for fun."

Fun for whom?
I hope so. And then maybe Glenn over hears it and doesn't realize what they're doing and tries to join in and his voice gets even crazier. 
That makes sense. I guess I just never really thought about it and assumed. At least now I know that "rogue-like' isnt necessarily what I should be looking for. 
I need to look into these terms again. I thought 'rogue-like' just meant a procedurally generated (or randomly?) dungeon crawler. 

It's the ultimate art project! "Don't flush yet! Honey get in here! you gotta see this!" 
hematologist :) (I only know this from having to go to the hematology/oncology ward for a spell.)
Well, I was gonna go to the store today, but I think I'll just stay safely in my home. 
It was a warning. That stupid building just wouldnt listen. 
I was thinking a sick dog that exploded everywhere. Same differences I guess. 
I always get a kick out of people reading it like that. I didnt even think of that when I set it up. 
Yeea, I was gonna say 'as a wheelchair user this seems like a bad idea. 
I'm ashamed to admit that I used to be *kinda* like these types. I wasn't quite that direct or pissy when they said no, but I'd make similar inappropriate advances. Thank god I out grew that. 
That doesn't really answer the question. She was a citizen previously and probably not the only one doing what she did. Do you have any evidence to support your theory? Saying 'corruption' is vague as shit. Did you know her? Do you have some inside info?
I was going to drop /r/HumansBeingBros I mean he's still doing something great, but it seems slightly less awesome knowing he's not just doing it because he can. 
I never saw an uncropped version of this picture before. I always assumed it was a smaller can. 
Can you elaborate? I've never heard any of his music. Whats your objection? 
Wat
You can if its a dinner theater.


But, seriously. I hope he gets crushed. 
And his supporters will love him even more for it. 'He cant be bought!' 
old man lives
Because sometimes people like things you don't. 
It is not. I really wish I had done more research before buying it. There aren't any piratey noises either. I need to find another good game for PC.  So far I think Sid Meyer's (spelling?) Is the best. 
Thank god for his poor grammar. It was the perfect setup! 
> Except people who buy Big Cups. Fuck that wrong ratio havin-ass bullcrap

I like big cups.....Especially the ones with Reese's Pieces inside...
I know I  almost had to look away, but then i saw the sub name and waited for the pay off. 
I thought "Well, maybe he doesnt have hands. I've seen that before."
Then I realized he's holding his leg up...with his hands. 
"Are you stupid?

The world is 5,000 years old"

Maybe he was asking because he was hoping she was stupid like him. 
This is making me reconsider my own doses. Everyone kept telling me 2 was a threshold dose and was the MINIMUM you could take to feel anything. Maybe I should try going a bit lower. 
Is there a word for someone who doesn't believe in atheists? I mean, other than insane.
I mean if someone I thought was a friend randomly unfriended my I'd be kind of hurt, especailly if it came out of nowhere. But you're right, the majority of the time I probably wouldnt even notice. 
I should get some! I never thought of that for roach clips. 
He'll live to the ripe old age of 32
What are the alligator clips for?


That lady is a class-a jerk. 
I would mostly likely be dead by now either from drugs or from picking a fight I couldnt finish. 
And its not like his specials or his movies disappeared. He's still a go to example of top performers of that generation. 
I have season 1. I need to get into it so I can catch up! 

I loved their Sam & Max series, but I'm kind of annoyed how frequently quick time events have used in their games lately. :( 
The Sims  series is a pretty great example of extensive modability. 
I had no idea! I gave up on that game because it frustrated the hell out of me, but I love moddable games. I may have to get it on a steam sale. 
Holy shit, thank you! I read it as "Malaysian village" and was kind of confused.  
Close! But the eyes are way too small to be Homer. 
He was 30 years ago. Whats the difference? /s
Nellie tried to compete but Meredith will always be the camp. 
Gotcha. I cant say I'm bothered or surprised. there was a period there where he was clogging up the front page. He'll always be the king, though. 
Because he actually is very smart or because its too easy? 
17
"Mother/daughter bonding pool" 

That sounds like the beginning of some funky sauce-fetish incest porn
I've done this before too. It helped that I had the professor for classes before and he knew I realy wanted to continue the courses so he told me just to show up and we'll see if anyone drops/dosent show up. I ended up being an extra in the class and having to sit at a back table vs a desk, but he said since I took the time to show up and do the work he wasn't going to make me leave or wait for the next semester. 
I saw something like that a while ago. I'm going to see if i can find it again. 

I could be misremembering but I remember something like that with him.

Edit: [here](http://i.imgur.com/OpfY3.jpg)
Holy health code violation! 

But no seriously, makes me wish I owned a butcher shop so I could have an awesome cat costumer. 
Are people that dense that they needed such a demonstration? I mean, shit, this is pretty transparent. But thank you for continuing to fuel this conversation and proving that provoking emotional reactions from random jackasses on a message board still works with minimal effort..
I stopped halfway through episode 9 of Season 10 apparently. I guess I'd better finish that season so I can catch up, even if I thought season 10 was a drag so far. 
First time posting from Ingur and reddit apps. Hopefully I didnt mess it up too badly. 
I will. Thank you. You too! 
I'd rather be aware than in denial and thinking I'm all rainbows and sparkles like most people around here. :) 
I hope I never get to the point where a simple post on the internet can make me feel so superior. Thank you for making me feel so grounded. <3 
Okay, but wheres this alleged book?
> Wishing ill will on people who haven't significantly wronged you or others you care about is one of the least cool things.

How do you know he hasn't wronged me? Maybe I know him and he's a total douche. Or maybe I just like rile up strangers on the internet, because its fun. Hope that's not too controversial of an opinion for you.
> No it’s probably not he’s a narcissistic asshole who thinks the world revolves around him,

Actually, doctor. I'm just a random anonymous guy on the internet intentionally sharing an exaggerated unpopular opinion for a reaction. Exactly this reaction.  But thanks for putting so much thought into who you think I am. That was really sweet. I can't believe people like you exist. <3 
No, I Just dont care for him as an actor, so I was hoping he'd not be in show biz anymore.

I'm an asshole. 
She has a big fake ass? 
My hopes have been dashed. 
Sadly no
I wouldn't be heart broken. I'd be happy that my child is happy and safe. 
She is the person she was a meant to be. She's alive and she seems happy. That would not happen if she continued to live as a man
Any recommendations? I have a couple but I'm always looking for something extraordinary. :) 
I don't even remember why people were mad at them. Something about reaction videos, I think?
Mobile games are, with a few exceptions, barely games. The market is saturated with pay-to-win and idle/clicker 'games.'

Edit: pay not play. 
I'd say so. Even spamming the age buttton I at least get "___ was not interested in working" or whatever. 
Anyone have a video link? I'm not awake enough for this shit. 
Witches are female. Warlocks are males. 

So they're kinda right?
This pizza was so terrible. Barely even Pizza. Everything about it imitation. 

I miss it. Getting in the front of the line and picking the slightly 'burnt' slices was the best!
"Girl you know damn well you need to eat that banana"

fuck you. He deserves to be catfished. 
Kinda sounded like Gilbert Gottfried 
If you can come up with a better way to see if a kid is adopted I'd like to hear it!
You are now banned from /r/Pyongyang 
Ya know tits dont automatically equal porn.
That's one theory. I always thought she was the 'The.' 
He doesn't even know them. He was just a guy standing there. They didn't even notice him when they took the picture. 
Any kid that is at least as big as your kid is the same age. 
Thanks folr this thread. I've been looking at Steep for a while. I love Skate and really enjoyed the old SSX games, so Its good to get some input on it. I may get it..some day. 
[There ya go friend](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dg_vGn97-8s)
LMAO

If thats your idea of a tantrum I hope you never have kids. :)
Me too. Its a shame when animals suffer because of human stupidity. 
It cuts off at the best part! She points at the cat who gives her a "Shut up kid, or I'll kill you" look. 
You chew applesauce? 
So if you eat it at 9:42 you'll be fine?
I need something like this. I keep losing my brushes 

The webs on his suit dont just look cool, they add a bit of wind resistance when he's running and friction if he slides down something to make it easier for him to stop.


source: Deadpool 
Really? This is literally the first one I've ever seen here. 
> why it's an irrational fear

Why is it irrational. There are some pretty nasty bitey spiders out there. 
Was he the big spoon or the little spoon?
Or another innocent animal
I'm well aware that people like terrible things. 
I don't think I've ever seen the TPB guys in any other roles. I mean other than as themselves in that swearnet shit. 

I remember when Keanu Reeves was kind of in that trap. No one thought he could get away from Bill and Ted. Now he's a badass. 
He remembers. 
Yep. I decided to hide my birthday on FB and got 0 comments from anyone, which, at least in my mind, confirms that no one thinks or cares about me. 
God Darkest Dungeon is such a bitch of a game. 
Cancer doesn't work that way. Sometimes it goes away and stays gone. It helps to remain hopeful, especially if you are the one who is sick. Yes, there are times when it comes back but 'remission' is usually a very good thing. 
http://modthesims.info

Is still pretty good or it was last time I checked. Any other good sites for add-ons and mods?
Well ya if you know what it is. I wouldn't have even noticed the logo over the can
I like dogs/cats, video games and weed. I got nothin.

I wanted to volunteer at my local shelter but was basically told I couldnt because my wheelchair madt it too much of a liability with the animals. 
probably something like "shhh its okay." Or something equally tone deaf. 
Its still a fantastic movie, though.
YEP YEP YEP!
In B4 someone mentions Judith Barsi and makes everyone sad. 
I remember then but wasnt allowed to have them. Where they just sodas?
Have you ever been to a comedy club?
I got 14 in and I'm gonna need a hug and a warm cup of cocoa. 
Excuse me *I'm* John Smith. 
"Share with me if you want to live"
It took one try. Kid got in trash can dad threw trash in trash can. It's not too hard to get right. Scripted is NOT always less funny because then the craft is honed and the joke is cemented. 
That's too complicated for me. I'm still grandpaloveshisgrandkids247@yahoo.com
Man, and I thought Ohio fixed that shit. I'm not gay or trans (am ace) but many people I love are and this is just infuriating. 
Nature Bros Frolicking to and fro. 
I dont even have that mmuch and I alreaedy have more games than I'll ever play and I constantly have to stop myself from buying another when I get those wishlist emails. 
What a fucking asshole. Seriously. Fuck. That. Guy.
He's looking at where his brother isnt
What is that?  I want it. But what is it?
Get rid of Doug and I'd be in. Snoop probably has better shit than anything I've ever had. 
Blake Lively. His wife. 
Cinderella looks pretty normal or am I missing something. 
I'd like to be in her coverage area. 
It has its moments.
I cancelled mine too. Especially after she made a new snapchat AGAIN for whatever reason. I'm not sending her my name and waiting around AGAIN for her to add me just so I can see her mediocre content. 
Stupid Sexy Flanders!
Comment saved.

Bless you. 
If I can pick the charities? Hell yea! Lots of scummy 'charities' out there. 
Rick Parashar was producer on Blind Melons first album along with the band (They produced their second and third albums) unfortunately he died, but he also produced Temple of the dog and Pearl Jam's album 10! That's pretty cool!
Yea, I didnt cringe, but I was a bit concerned for the fellas on the far right. That could be a pretty nasty fall. 
With my niece it was either a hug or a high five. Handshakes are offensive and a crime worthy of death. Or at least a time out. 
Fixed. I hope.
Yea, I'm rethinking my desire to let that pour into my mouth.
[here you go](https://imgur.com/a/cwRmW)
I made the mistake of subbing there. I thought it was just another fun cringe sub.  I got into a huge argument about something and realized it was pretty much just a trash heap. 


Edit: not really 'huge' but whatever
Finding love. :(
I forget who Andy is sometimes and I genuinely did think he was a woman at first.
Same totally fucked it up.
That also appears to be [the site name.](http://www.loveme.com)
Geez.

Can't a guy be romantic anymore? 
No kidding. I use a wheelchair and people frequently hold doors open for me and stuff. I can't imagine someone getting that pissed off for me not saying 'thank you'
I had a Barney one. I remember one of the buttons said "Super-de-duper' unless you git it twice then it said "Stu-u-u-pendous" I had another one, but I can't remember what it was...Lion King, maybe. 
Your comment confused me at first. I thought you meant the wrestler. I was like "How is that possible?" 
Upvoting so I can feel like I'm finally part of a reddit being awesome thread. 
I like to go on those sites to make conversation with the girls. Sometimes I tip, but I'm usually just bored and chat. But, yea the number of guys who beg and get pissed when they get nothing is insane. 
Bro, seriously, bro?
You're putting too much logic on a shitty meme. 

The people posting it are saying his dad should have pulled out. 
His dad didnt pull out. He was born. This meme is saying his dad should have pulled out so he wouldnt have been born
Ify call out. My parents say they never spanked me but they sure as hell did. 
Vegetarians: don't eat meat
Vegans: Don't eat ANYTHING that comes from another animal.
Context, my dude. 
I got in long enough to die. I cant even play my regular character :( 
It took forever to connect. Then laged hardcore and I died before I even knew what was going on. 10/10 
Whats with people keeping douchey people 'from high school' around? Were they former friends? Why not delete them?
I thought he was the first time I saw this yesterday I only just realized he wasn't.  Drinking and not looking while driving. Guy is nuts.. But no, the actual driver is just a prick. 
I wish the machine I used in West Virginia had that. It look my money didn't drop anything and gave me the finger when I tried to get my money back. 
This looks great, but man with the slices the crust to pizza ratio is all off. 
But which?
Is this a shop or can you make custom weapons in game?
I visit the horses down the street all the time. I've never seen their ears like that. Granted they're not wild, but If I ever saw one of them standing there like that I'd probably nope out. 
I had to watch this like 5 times before I realized what happened. I'm high and it ends way too soon.
Usually not for native English speakers. 
That paw..I love her <3
you'd better be pampering the hell out of her. She's gonna live another 19 years, I just know it.
it wouldnt let me. I mean he offered it but I just let it sit. So I took it. I'll try reversing it later if I remember. Thanks :)
Fuck that guy. That's really shitty.
Very true. I'm surprised I havent made more to be honest. I'm not 100% on a build yet but I like my weapon choices so far and my fire skills. 

I'm guessing coming from D2 helped at least a little. 
Thanks I'll probably just keep going. It's early in game and I dont feel like starting over. If I get the orbs I may redo, but I wont make it a point to hunt for them.
I've killed them both. I'll look into it and decide if its worth it or just save it for another play through. Thanks. 
The front could get caught and cause serious injury. Or she could fall and get seriously hurt. 

That's my personal preference. if I can't keep the the meat on the bone long enough to pick it up and eat it, then its over done. 
I havent seen the episode in awhile soI may have just forgotten, but it made me laugh. 
I think I'm making your same mistake. I need to go through and check my gems over again.
I think you're right! I knew it was one of the last sections. Thanks! My buddy would get so pissed! "Where the fuck are these guys coming from?! GODDAMIT MR.SPARKLE? "DID YOU HIT THE SEAL?" "Uh...Yea. Sorry. By the way I hit the other one too."
I still forget sometimes. OR I can't remember who sells them and I don't click through the last page miss them. 
It was one of the later dungeony levels. Sorry its been awhile so I'm misremembering.

I asked my friend and he said "You did that in a lot of places, but you're thinking of evil urns."
That would have been amazing.
I'd like to think there's an alternate universe where is/was showrunner. 
I think I would cry. 
I ddi that all the time in D2. There were 4 pillars each opened a portal with bad guys. My buddy would get ready to hit one and I'd run around and hit the others and TP out so he'd get his ass smashed. >D
hahaha. Oh many that sucks. I debated righteous fiire but I didn't like the health drop...

Now I have the flaming skull and the one that makes you flaming and gives you a bit more damage. I think its still down or I;'d double ccheck the names. 
Oh god. That's terrible I orbed an item because it had 2 blues and I needed at lest one red. I orbed it and BOOM 1 green. I was sooo annoyed. 
I have a friend who is waiting for next league to join. Why do you niot like it? I just started playing recently so I'm not even sure what leagues do. 

When I did Diablo 2 I never did a ladder character. Or at least I never cared about ladder 
Oh man. I know that pain. I unequipped my armor because I got a new one and I was comparing them and trying to decide which one I wanted. I decideed and went to sell it to Greust and.......Sold the wrong one. 


I'm dumb. What does that mean? lol
I'm new to the game, can you tell me wyhat RF and EE mean? Thanks!
> im sure you could care less about being irrelevant compared to him yet you still talk shit from where you are

I **couldn't** care less if he's rich and famous. That's not an excuse to be a lazy bitch.That tantrum at the end is fucking pathetic. 

I'm relevant to the people who matter. I have no interest in fame or fortune. None of it matters.  

And you're welcome. I hope other people are as generous with their downvotes as I was. You deserve it. <3 
That was way less bloody than I expected it to be. 
Hahaha! That's kinda funny. I almost tried HC Bestiary too, but then I thought 'No, I'd like to actually enjoy the game.;'
> but difference between him and you is he way more successful and makes multiple times what you do.

I could not care less. Wealthy people can clean up their messes too.

> its part of his personality.

So he's a whiny little douchebag, like I said. 

"Something about killing you to avenge my father"
I had the same reaction on Valium. Crazy stuff. 
I dont get it
OH! I know what that is, but I totally forgot that that's what its called! Thanks!
> And she’s even said multiple times in her comments. 

I've not idea who she is so that doesn't help. 

Edit: I'm dumb didn't see that it was OC

Don't you Forget about me..

Don't don't dont
At first I thought it had a cake under its neck/head. Then the rest loaded.


Looks great and not at all cake like. 
Can confirm. Am depressed and spend most of my time in my room or in my bed waiting for death. 
What's docking? I've never heard that term.

Americans aren't all circumcised. I know I'm not. 
You're kind of an asshole.
Hopefully whoever he pushes will just scare the ever-loving shit out of him and not actually hurt him. 
I didnt even notice that until I saw your comment. Now its all I can see. its like he's taking a a badass nap.
I hear wine and painting is fun
So....A she.
It's not just the food it's his whole attitude. He's like a spoiled child.
Even if he's working. He made the mess he should clean  it up. His viewers can keep watching.

The fact that he looked like a whiny bitch about it, doesn't help. I wouldn't help his whiny ass. 
Yellow?
Did he actually go full toddler mode? It looks like he started to throw a tantrum right as it cut off.
Walking is seriously overrated. 

Source: Havent been able to walk since 2006
I wouldnt say its just another quirky sitcom. It was still pretty unique up until the last couple of seasons.  

But it did become less 'realistic'
Way to let those 4 people down, asshole

So it's just one envelope orbiting the earth? 
That's the kinda pic you pull out for her wedding.
....I still like him...
I kinda wanna set one to play Enter the Void
Until it does. This has happened to me once because their security system was on the fritz so they were doin it Sams Club style. I g ot a lot of time and no where to go so I didn't mind. 
I've spent some decent time in a hospital and I have so much respect for nurses. They deal with a lot. That said, personal experience and this post show, some nurses are just fuckin' shitty. But the good ones can make your stay so much easier. 
/s

You forgot that. 
 That's the weird thing about   Facebook.  Nobody cares about X but they want everyone to know how much they don't care.
Is there a sub for Cops videos like this?
You've given me a lot to research. I'll look into that and see if I can convince them to get their oils elsewhere. 
I love that scared pug look and that paw pushing away. I've been pug slapped many times.
I'm watching it now. I hate how Amazon only has the censored episodes. :(
I tried telling them that before but they insist they're better. >.>
lick it.
I know nothing about this shit. I know someone who makes soaps and stuff and buys their oils from Young Living.

Should I be worried?
For sure. I denied it for a long time but its a big source of my depression and anxiety. 
I have type 1 as well. I have a FEW of those things on me, but nothing even close to that. 

<---- Myelomeningocele  
I have that. Mine aren't nearly that bad. Thank gawd. 
[Have a seat](https://i.imgur.com/OAgzggh.png)
Thank you. The right story popped up for like half a second and switched and I couldnt get back it. 

Upvote just incase I'm not the only goof who cant find it. :p 
WTF I click the link and it takes me to this story  


'**The board of data mining firm Cambridge Analytica has suspended CEO Alexander Nix pending an investigation**


LONDON (AP) -- The board of data mining firm Cambridge Analytica has suspended CEO Alexander Nix pending an investigation.

© 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Learn more about our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.'
I really want a Conker's Bad Furday remaster. 
I love snuff box.. Matt Barry and Rich Fulcher are hilarious. 
You (or someone) should set up voice to text on her phone for her. That might help a lot. 
I hate that I never got to be apart of any lan parties. They sounded like so much fun, but I had a hard time making friends when I was younger. 

At least now I can play online with random strangers....>>
Katy Perry was more cringe. 
I decided to check out her patreon and stuff, but if she's going to act like this I'll skip it. Thanks for sharing her stuff. keep it up!
>I'm not an artist...I'm just a cheap bitch.

FTFY 
Fine then I'll cut off his vocal sack. 
I wish I had the patience to do something this awesome.

I need to get into photoshop again and find some good projects
This very picture. 
I....I don't get it. 
They both got younger but the picture got older. 
"This is the best walk ever. I can't wait to go back and tell the guys! Can they come for a walk too?" 
I HATE having to save messages. That's definitely a major peeve!
Ah. I see now. I don't use it very often so I never really understood. It was definitely confusing at first. Now that I think about it it may have contributed to me  using it even less. 
I dunno, It dosen't seem that bad. But I guess its just because I only talk to handful of people so Its not too hard to keep tabs on them. 
I remember we had a whole class about this in college. I couldn't believe how many people were legitimately surprised by this... "I can't believe _____ is just using me to make money."

Did you think they were doing it because they liked you?
Someone tried that with WoW. I had to finally say "Man, I am NOT paying a monthly fee for that shit!" 
Yea, That could mean just about anything. She probably thought "Oh that sounds fun. Those silly kids and their weird hobbies! <3) 
Wait...So you're saying worldstory.co isn't a legitimate site? 
Dark Souls. All that game did was piss me off and not in a good way. 
Correct. That's why I only counted the first 7. 
Ah okay. Thanks. I didn't even notice that. I thought it was just Hulu. I can't imagine watching it 'live' without being able to pause it.  
"I know you spent a lot of time and energy making this and supplies can get expensive, but your art should really be as cheap as I am"
"Why'd you do it Gary?"

I can  think of at least 2 reasons. 
Did this air without commercials or are you watching it online like me?
"These days." 

People being shocked by bad words is nothing new. 

George Carlin's 7 dirty words you cant say on TV came out in 1972. 
"Even if you don't want to read it you read it."

No..I don't think thats how it works, Wendy. 
How *dare* **you**. Ellen would never air someone else's personal information like that. 
This is awesome! A mobility van is a game changer. I have spina bifida and scoliosis and I dont know what I'd be doing if I didn't have my van. Well, I'd probably be on reddit even more. 
Good. Well that's one problem already solved! 
remove fiber from your diet and drink less water. You'll use the bather less and live longer as a result. 
They were trying to send a message, but they didn't wait for the bread to get hard enough.
That's what I got too. Or Matlock. 

Do they still Reference Matlock?

Sorry I mean

Maatlooooock! 
Bernadette is so much better. 
I'm just waiting for Emma Kenney 
Cool. Cel-shaded chicken!
That guy had 'swagger' before most of us were alive. 
You can be in an open relationship without getting an STD, though. 
I looked up Halal and [this link](https://www.icv.org.au/about/about-islam-overview/what-is-halal-a-guide-for-non-muslims/) says 'Animals must not see other animals being killed.' I think they're doing it wrong.
She's hardly obese. 
Jokes on you! I'm in my room on my computer judging people with my blinds closed. 
I agree people shouldn't able to buy cigs, and beer with it, but I don't see anything wrong with treats every once in awhile. 

And given how often things like meals on wheels is fucked to hell, I wouldn't trust that people would  actually get proper edible food if it were just sent to them.
"They'll just use something else. Like cars, or knives. Should be ban those too?  You could kill someone with a fork if you wanted to. Ban those!"

I saw someone, yesterday, say we should ban Pokemon Go because people die playing that. 
I don't necessarily believe in t his sort of thing, but I like the idea of your kitty's ghost coming back to hang out with you. :)
What sort of food?
Bowl ≠ bowel 
Watching now. Works fine.
I'm not sure if the roll along is in reference to my wheelchair or something else because she also said "stepping off."

But she blocked me so I'll never know. 
That doesn't sound like an A nurse....
What do you call one with an A? 

I thought nurses were all supposed to be pretty smart.. I know its not true but I want to believe. 
Right. But I'd like to think they could have more direct jokes or references. Kind of like they did with Bob's Burgers in the Simpsons Cross-over. But that might be wishful thinking. Disney might not want their characters in Springfield. 
Pretty sure she just said that so he'd fuck off. 
For a guy who was just trying to watch a game and probably didn't want to bother with a camera and microphone, he did pretty well. Before he said "We gon do something"  he gave a pretty good answer. I mean I don't know the guy or much about basketball but it seemed pretty decent for an on the spot interview. 
Every generation has something that pushes it. In movies, TV, music, and video games. I'm not hip anymore, so I don't know what it is today, but there's something out there pushing tastes to the next level. 
Why? Just why? All of it. Why?
Oh yea. I hate that part. I usually skip it. haha. I didn't realize it was a wrestling thing. I had no idea what it was supposed to be. 
But how does it taste?
Did you have a bunch of Garfield merch growing up? Please say yes. 
Robert Dyer is awesome!
I kind of hope they'll have a bunch of Disney jokes now.
That's a new one! Thanks! Too bad it cut off before we saw how it ended. lol
[when will the lies end](https://www.reddit.com/r/IASIP/comments/5n79c4/movie_title_shitposts/dc98yjm/)
But only slightly 
He's usin the American flag to clean his back window. Patriotic AF. 
I've been waiting for medicare to okay a new chair for 6 months...This hurts.
their kid
Well, personally I have a neurogenic bladder so sometimes I have to. And no I tend to use a larger bottle if I have to. 
I'm thinking about deleting the APP for this reason I prefer using FB on my computer, but I like how easy the app makes posting pics to FB. 
It's like she's trying to poop. 
uses snapchat filter in profile picture = ugly
The fuck does she have against people in the military?
It sounded reasonable until the last 4 on the first page then it just kept getting worse. 
"Here honey hold these and take a big ole bite.  Mummy needs more Karma."
I had "My grandma and me" on CD. I think they were called living book. I still have an Arthur Living book somewhere. 
Let's see. 


r/thathappened 

r/ThatHappened 

it doesn't seem to matter.
I've been there. but I go the back of my van so no one sees me, then do the dump of shame. 
Aunt Karen was always really proud of her new job. She finally find a use for that weird talent of hers. 
It was obviously written by a cat. That poor dog just gets harrassed so much he knows how to make it go as quickly and easily as possible. 
My dog doesn't bring me anything except his ball upon request.

He usually takes things and runs away. 
I want one
You raised and then dashed my hopes in one comment. 

I hate you.
And why is it under 'Tech?'
And there's so god damn many of them. At least in Ohio, Kentuck, and Indiana. I'm surprised they didn't mention 'Obummer' or 'Killery'
It'll be better if you break your arms first. Trust me.
doesn't seem to work in chrome?
"Not in the best state of mind ATM"


I'm sure this isn't a one time deal. 
Right? There was a local story recently about a cop who stopped to help a guy change a tire. I couldn't believe how many guys were saying "He should have beat his bitch for not know how to do this!" or "He was probably a liberal. Real men know how to change tires." etc

Masculinity fragile AF. 
Or a kids birthday cake. 
"But she won't stop trying to show her tits to her son's friends. 
Same. I had no idea who lil Peep was until he died. I won't speak ill of the dead he may have been a nice guy but his music wasnt that great. 
Man its not even a wood tip! :(
my mom works with oils and stuff. Has her own company mixes and all that stuff. She never really shills any of it outside of that. Then I met a (former) friend of hers who was this type of person. Totally nuts and thought oils were going to save the world. It's crazy.

I think its all bullshit, but at least TRY to be honest with your shit.
Same sort of people who think Jesus/The bible are banned in 99% of America. 
Make me famous baby
Except its rated higher t han Fox for integrity...so..
Was joke. Am not lonely. 
Thanks. I'm 30. Trying to find adequate medication and stalling on finding a therapist. Lots of home drama keep sucking my energy. I just gotta keep trying. 
For anyone confused like I was FOH means front of house and BOH means back of house. 

And  of course your intentions were good, but fi he really is that lonely a simple 'hi' can feel equivalent to a sign of affection. I've been there. I'm so glad I'm not the annoying lonely guy anymore. Just lonely. lol
The second part is a joke. Apologies. But I will probably kick off before old age destroys my body. 
"It gets funnier every year dad. Seriously, it was worth the wait."
Or for me to plan and maybe end up on this sub!
Yea. Thats literally the only reason I'm still here. Maybe once family dies off and I push everyone else away..
I laughed at the quote then i felt terrible immediately afterwards. 
I bet he could rap
I'd guess Halo or Gears of War. 
For sure. The sprayback was pretty liquidy for being syrup alone. 
Or atleast she's smarter about it now. 
Craig Ferguson's show was pretty geat too.
> If that makes me an asshole, cool.

At least we can agree on something. 

Suicide rate among multiracial people is 54% so whats wrong with them? You can't just look at those numbers and pretend to understand why it happens.  

"Are you arguing that trannies are treated worse than Jews is Nazi Germany or slaves in the early 1800s?"
No? Why are you even asking? What the fuck does that have to do with anything? Or with it being a 'mental illness' AGAIN gender dysphoria is the illness therapy and transiton are both treatment options. 

The fact that you use the term 'tranny' shows that you wouldn't change your mind no matter what facts may be presented because you clearly think its weird and gross. You typed so much to basically just say "I don't care, I'm never going to accept it, becauase I dont wanna. So there." 

"Last, most of these “non-binary” and current day trannies are transtrenders, desperate to join the Oppression Olympics and fight against the outrage du jour." More nonsensical bullshit from a keyboard doctor. 
That was nothing like HO1K. I'd rather have another movie in that style. 
I'm just folowing your lazy 'sure buddy...' in kind. 

We left serious discourse a long time ago. 
I would much rather see another House of 1000 corpses. 
You're not getting the last word on this one, 'buddy'
Where's the teenager? 

But since you admit to not wanting to change your mind I won't continue either. I'll settle for agreeing to disagree. 
I did not. You took it as an insult for some reason. 

That's sex not gender. And your perception of reality seems skewed. 
Apparently cis-Reddit doesn't agree. 
"I don't see race or gender, but if a dude hits on me I'll kick his ass. I aint down with that gay shit." - this guy probably. 
oh okay. I understand thanks. 
Its not glorify a transperson's illness to accept them either. Treatment doesn't necessarily mean 'fixing' them to not be trans anymore. Treatment can include transition along with treating any other mental illness they may have (like being bipolar) neither goes away, but is managed. 
'You would think that they would be happier after being accepted by the people around them... but it doesn’t work like that...'

You assume that they are accepted by the people around them just because they went through with SRS. They may have supportive people aroudn them, but as this thread and the votes show many people arent.  

Transition is the treatment. A mental health professional can even suggest it as such.  Gender dysphoria is the illness. Transitioning can help. Of coures transition alone isn't enough and its foolish to think that it would be. Transgender (not transgendered) people have other mental illnesses too like anyone else, but some of those could very well be a result of the way they are treated. 

Accepting people DOESNT hurt them. Making them feel like its an ordeal to accept them doesn't. 
'Of course it doesn’t effect you, but it effects them...'
And that's none of your business unless its a family member, and its not up to you to decide whats 'helpful' to them. Being trans is not the problem in and of itself. 
Schizophrenic people still receive treatment. They'll likely not be schizophrenic but it's not really a fair comparison but it can result in self-harm or harm to other. Trans people generally don't do that unless again there is another underlying issue. Allowing them to transition can allow them to feel better in their own bodies and begin to heal mentally. Treatment is obviously necessary but only if the therapist or doctor understand trans people and their needs. 
Oh okay. I dont think I ever saw that one before. Yea, I'm not sure about that person. 
Good for you! I hope your friends are equally as accepting. 
Looking at 9 why did you take out the red? 

Also would coffee work to stain/weather pages? Just for curiosity sake. They look great as is!
 Exactly me. And I live at home due to a disability so its kind of nice to not have other people around and just pretend I'm alone. I'm less stressed, I'm less nervous, and I'm more likely to practice music since there isnt anyone around to hear me. 
Don't tell me what to do. 
I'd rather respect my friends and let them do what makes them happy. It's not hurting me. Then again, I'm not an asshole. 
Same. Or I'd not have enough for anything I wanted so I'd just try to read or look at as much as I could. 
"Okay so I'll stand here then you fall and I'll catch you!"

"Okay"

"Close your eyes. 1...2...3....FALL!"

*falls foward*

*laughter*

"Oh my god I can't believe that worked"
[lipstick and earing](https://i.imgur.com/dTlrG7Q.jpg) Either a woman or a non-binary person. But I'll guess woman. 
When they're polite to food (or other) service workers. 
Why would a grown man whose shirt says "Genius at Work" spend all of his time posting comments about a cartoon show?
I'm glad I never really cared about stuff packs. I got the expansions, but never the stuff packs. I may be missing things, but at least I'm not feeding completely into the EA scam machine. (Thats what I tell myself) 
I fell for this one with a record player on Amazon.
Something like: 
"Sale price $50 regular price $250"

Every other site I checked after I bought said $50 as the regular price.
Don't
When my pug gets really excited he wiggles and does this weird 'wooo' grunty howl sound. I don't know how to secribe it. If you have a pug you know what I'm trying to say. It makes me d'aw every time. 
Nope! I'm 30 now, but I was the same way at 22. You  have way more options for socializing without leaving the house than I did. Enjoy your home time! 
WHat do you mean transfer it with a memo? I dont think my bank lets me do that. 
Thank you! Going to [send it](https://smile.amazon.com/Ravensburger-Krypt-Puzzle-Gold-631/dp/B06XCP2C3S?sa-no-redirect=1) to a puzzle loving friend. 
Where do I get one? I wanna gift one to my puzzle-loving friend as joke/challenge 
Per 'Dead' Ohlin's body was discovered by bandmate Euronymous. He took the photos of Dead after repositioning his body and gun so it'd look more brutal. The picture was used on a bootleg and not their next album, but Euronymous did keep pieces of his skull/brains and sent a piece of his skull to friends. 
I know. That's why I said depending on the woman. I mean if she isn't a stripper and just some random naked woman at a bar trying to dance on me? No thanks. lol
Depending on the woman my health may be a concern...Well her health and then my health the closer she gets to me.
ok
That title had me worried for a second
I agree 100% I'm really curious what they're like toasted but I cant bring myself to do it. 
The watermelon is actually pretty good. I havent had the guts to toast it. That sounds too weird. 
I've never had a comment above 1k

Edit thanks guys! Let's go lower!
How does it compare to the 98 version? A friend of mine said its a bland imitation 
St. Peter wanted to be crucified on an inverted cross because he didn't feel like he was worthy of being crucified in the same way as Jesus. So it was a sign of respect. I didn't mean to say it was different, I was just saying that it's stupid to draw an inverted cross in bibles to try to look badass because its not an anti-christian symbol. 
I'm sorry I'm not sure I understand what you're asking.
The look at the end also shows how oblivious she is. She's like "OMG! She hit me! All I did was invade her personal space and touch her without consent! She's supposed to be a statue!"
I see this sort of thing and I can't help but think about that asshole who burned down his apartment building and killed some people. 
Actors usually use herbal cigarettes, but if he is an actual smoker he may use real cigarettes from time to time. With reshoots and stuff I can't imagine he's sparking up real cigs each time, but that's just a guess. 

Yea.I mean I can barely do any 'tricks' with a fidget spinner. There's no way in hell I'd try that shit. 
Oh it definitely happened it just had a lot more crying and apologizing on his part. 
Take a running leap and knock him on his face then proceed to stomp his flag. 
I thought about it to visit a favorite teacher, but there were to many teachers/people that I didn't like to make it worth the effort. It was much easier to email them or add them on Facebook. (I graduated in 06) 
Someone should tell him that those are awws of pity not respect. 
Yea. Pretty much exactly what I expected. 
It's like arguing with a 12 year old. Go ahead call me stupid again. 
I went through one of these at either Ripley or Wonderworks. There wasn't any disorienting before it. It's mostly just the squares rotating around you. Staring at the floors or looking straight ahead is the best method. Or closing your eyes and running 
And I'm sure a little anger at his sister laughing too. "STOP LAUGHING I'M DYING!"
You pretty much literally did. "From an artist I expect..."  But great job reducing yourself to an angry insulting child. 
hahahahhaha. You bros are hilarious. 
"It's just one performer shaking the entire world."

That poor backing band. 
It's her best angle. It makes her look younger, her ass bigger and her tits perkier and you can just barely see the meth in her eyes. 
a very unfortunate person making an unintentional joke of a dating profile. 
And those WWE games as well. 
I'm pretty sure the shirt is bisexual. 
But that event didn't.  He just couldn't put out good stuff consistently.  
You don't get to tell artists how to art. 
> I know all to well what islam is about,

Were you in the religion?
And you've never wondered why he isn't more regularly referred to as "That guy who killed a kid?"
Same. It's a fantastic movie, but it was like 10 year old me got punched in the stomach 
Oh I'm sure. It was just a lazy [simpsons reference.](https://comb.io/io3rRa) Sorry in advanced for crappy link. lol 
There is no humanity in blind hatred and judgment either. You may not be in the same boat but you're in the same water. 
I need accessible parking that has enough room for my ramp to go down. Sometimes that doesn't exist, so if I find a spot that allows for my ramp to go down, I don't really care who its for its mine when I need it. >D
That dog's probably long dead by now..

That's kind of a downer. 
I hate that Kratom sign. They did the same thing with Salvia and stupid kids ruined it for everybody. (Not that K is as bad as Salvia) 
Hey the white guy says he so far past race so its okay. 
Your video is bad and you should feel bad. 
I get the feeling it wasn't her idea. 
I'll bite. What is racist about it?
How do these things work? I use a wheelchair and I just can not wrap my head around these things. 
I'm sure the combination of seeing another dogs on the phone and the noise they're making is pretty scary. Poor doggo

Sometimes I feel really stupid and I get depressed and then I watch videos or gifs like this and I feel better about myself. 
Every picture of you is a picture of you when you were younger. 
At the very least. 
I kind of appreciate that. Makes it feel a little more realistic. 
Any plans to add therapy or mental health to the game? That could be a fun extension of the game.

(Not to imply that people who transition are inherently mentally ill.)
Uh. What'd you say chief?
Thank you! It's been awhile. 
Series. It was nice Redditing with you. 
I love the scene with the judge 

"Two hwut?"

"Yoots."

"What's a yoot?"

*sigh*
 Two **YOUTHS**

edit: too many yoots. 
Great actions start with a question "I wonder if..."
I had a rottie and a black lab. The black lab was a psycho killer. She tried to kill baby bunnies in my yard and the rottie got between them and scooped the bunnies in her mouth and ran away with them to save them. She tried to put them somewhere save but they were biting her tongue so they just dangle there while she panicked. 
That response is not equivalent.  I hope you dont have children. 
*on the internet.

Facebook is likes
Reddit is upvotes

Oh.. I swipe right on everyone sometimes when I'm bored.  I guess I should stop. 
"Please save me." - dog, probably. 
That guys a big fat phony!

HEY EVERYBODY /u/NeverTopComment is a great big phony! 
What other way could they have possibly meant?
I remember when words actually had meaning..
Seconded. This mod brings so much more life to the game! It's a must.
I just let the chocolate chips melt on my tongue and swallow them. I don't like crunchy shit on my ice cream, to much of a weird texture mix. 
I wish we had ads like that in america. I've never waned a cellphone more in my life. 
This. You can be heterosexual and cisgender or you can be gay and cisgender. You can also be straight and trans or gay and trans or straight/gay and non binary. Of course straight and gay or only two of many options. 
I'll bite.

Does this family regularly show their junk to eachother?

why didn't she just run the wsater and clear the hair away? Why does she care so much if her boys are smooth down there?



Why are their so many chiefs? Is the dad chief hands-in-pants?

I think its:
Cisgender is someone who identifies with the gender they were assigned.  Cissexism would be to refer to men and women solely by their biological traits or traditional gender roles and disregarding trans-people.
Then Oprah came over and gave her !1000$
That's how I'm attempting to teach my pug to high five. The hard part is not getting bitchslapped. 
I cant even imagine noticing something like that. I guess that's why he's the astronaut guy and I'm the reddit posting guy. 
That's one reason I haven't replayeed it unless I also get a mod that lets you play after main quest completion. I also had one for Fallout 1 & 2. Or at least one of them.  The only problem is that some characters behave a little oddly if you revisit them, because there was no post game dialogue or anything. 
Yea the story I read said that Elton said "You fuckin' ruined for everyone!" Because he wanted to let them hang out and get close, but not like that. 
Yes. He's so good they made him take it twice to make sure it wasn't a fluke. 
I love brained games. 
I even gave this guy a tag and i still fell for it. god damn. 
Butterface 
Maybe she's a bitch. 
He really likes the word "Specimen" 
You look like a guy I know, I'm gonna pretend you're him.

I'm so happy for you Derek! Couldn't have happened to a sweeter guy!
Noticing is one thing. Commenting on it as a whole other. I wouldnt want someone talking about my new borns dick size. 
I could not care less about sex. Its not anywhere on my radar. 
Anyone else think its weird that nurses would comment on a newborns dick size?
Sure it is. Its like carwreck. You don't want to see it, but you just g otta look at it. 
> the biggest dong I’ve ever seen was that of a 14 year old kid.

/r/nocontext
HEY FRED!

wave you, idiot you wanna get killed?

*both wave*

HI FRED! Isn't the snow lovely today?
I have a single serve thing so I don't think I can turn it off until it finishes. But I'll pick up some white vinegar tomorrow and try that. I have apple cider vinegar but I assume it has to be white.

Anyway  Thanks.
That's got to be one of if not the best TV duos of all time. 
do you just fill the water reservoir with vinegar and run it? I need to clean mine out some time.
Nope. The adhesive is made with animal byproducts. 
I did a couple of special olympic things when I was younger because I was told they ere evens for people with physical disabilities too. ( I didn't knows about the paralympics yet. and I wasn't in a wheelchair yet either.)

I tried basketball but they were way too intense for me. It only took one time getting shove to the ground by a guy much larger than me to nope out of there.

Then I tried bowling, but one of the people in charge was my math teacher at the time so I said no and decided it wasn't for me.lol

I wish they got more media attentino than they do. 
Oh shut up. Why are you listening to big pharma? you're brainwashed! They know urine is the healthiest thing you can drink but they can't profit off of it. /s
I'm in a wheelchair and back issues. Should I really serve for 2 years? 
WHY WOULD YOU POINT IT DOWN?!  UP UP UP!
It's more random for young children. Even babies can get erections. It's all about blood flow. 
Only for PMs (penis messages.) 
Depends on the paralysis/injury. I'm paraplegic and my dick still works. 
When I first of Alex Jones I thought it was a joke. He was mocking conspiracy nuts and playing a character. Now he just seems like an evil little weasel. 
You're sad. Not funny. Just sad. 
Unless you wanna post a picture of yourself. Then go ahead. 
As a younger brother it doesn't matter how accidental that was you're getting your ass split. 
I love you tiny human, but you're trying my patience. Tonight I shall sleep on your face. 
Thanks for the warning. NSFW AF. 
Are any of them wheelchair accessible? I know they weren't designed to be, but maybe by chance. 
I wouldnt mind something like this. I had to wait a whole day before I could even use my Switch while things downloaded. 
"As soon as I get out of here I will end your life. Mark my wor---Oh my...This....This actually feels good. I'm still gonna kill you, ya know."
You're exactly the reason kids will never learn to not be shitheads. 

Congratulations. You're an asshole. 
I didn't say we should solve the problem. Some people just suck. But I think more parents can take an active role in their kids lives and teach them kindness in action. It's one thing to tell kids to 'play nice' it's another to tell them to treat everyone fairly. 

Or if you hear your kid is being builled you can bully them at home. Tie their shoelaces together. Put hotsauce in their shampoo. Put babie monitors in your room so they can hear you make them a baby brother or sister. 
And some kids have disorders that make them unable to understand why they shouldn't wear their favorite outfit. 

Telling kids not to let shit heads ruin their fun is not the same as telling them to deal with them lightly. You don't have to fight back but don't let them win either. Being a kid is the best time to do all that weird shit. Once they get a job and shit it'll be even harder. Get real weird with it. 
Or we can teach the other kids not to be littl assholes. There are repercussions for picking on other kids too. 
That's a pretty shit lesson. Dont do thing thing you like because other people will make fun of you for it.
Where do you get it? Is it Steam's wallpaper engine? 
I have two shirts like that. (Not the type of content but the inappropriateness) I only wore each once. I liked them enough to buy them,b ut yea i can't really wear them anywhere. 
Yep.. And tell them t o send the biggest blackest cops they have. 

Too far? Probably.
We've all met before under different names. 
I got that game, but I'm reeeally bad at it. I didnt think it was scary but I can't seem to progress either. 
You're a prick. 
THis guy rapes. 
The other excuse I see is "He's like 92. Cut him a break!" 
They rigged it and stil lost! We dont call em Libtards for nothin' /s
big dicks in his little brother's cat. Cat likes big dicks. What's the big deal?
The one on the left is adorable
I fucking hate my toilet. It clogs almost every time. I wish I had a toilet that could actually flush a poo. 
My mom never found my weed, but she found my one hitter because it was in my pocket. I kept looking for it. And my dad saw me looking and he aid "Just ask your mom for it. She's waiting."

How the fuck was I supposed to know she had it and was sitting on it? Just give it back. The worst part is I was 18 at the time. So she ws just holding my shit and hiding it. 

Crazy asses. 
I wonder how much something like that costs? Did they help her get them? I know stuff like this is usually insanely expensive. 
I do it sometimes when Im chatting with someone on SC, because I hate the chat feature. 
M'lady you could shoot the president and smile at the VP and they'd send you home with a Nobel Peace Prize. 
Do it. You could do limited edition runs for various pokemon at a time. I'm sure it took awhile to make so you don't have to offer a lot at a time. They'll sell out like crazy. You could be the Pokemon hoodie lady! 
Sorry I meant progression pics. I should have been more clear.  
Is there a specific sub for this sort of thing?

Edit: I meant progression pics.  Not pics in general. 
You got handsome! I hate you so much right now.

Kidding of course. Great job!
And spends random nights in high school and after replaying this in his head over and over. Each time his movements getting more awkward. 
good bot
Oh good! I'm glad he's not actually an asshole. I've had some really jerkass nurses before and it can be really rough having the person treating you be an asshole. 
Sometimes I forget you don't have to be a good person to be a paramedic. I mean I recognize it about police and soldier, but I know a few paramedics who are awesome people, so I guess I have blinders on. 

I'm rambling, sorry. 
I wish I knew how to build a cool phone like that. 
We should just gather all those conceal carry patriots I see on Facebook all the time. They know a lot about guns and could totally stop a school shooting before it even happens. 
Ur eristic prose. 
He has to protect his identity!
"She looks like she'd like a 6 inch meat sub. 
I had a Rottie whn I was younger and she liked head puts like a cat. I remember people would always say not to get in her face. So I would look at her and say "Hi Princess. Kissies? And she tilt her head down and let me kiss her forhead and lick my nose. I miss her. :( 
/r/WhyWereTheyFilming 
That doesnt mean it isn't hot AF. At a certain point hot is hot. 
> Police are on your side until you do something wrong, then you are just another criminal to them.

That sounds like something a sketchy cop would say. 
Mom hurt me when she was 'helping' me...

My skipped the helping part. 
If nothing else tell your mom Mr. Sparkle said Congrats on Finishing Chemo. And we're all afraid of how much we love you.
Well I didn't ask to be born *mom!*
Why are mom's so rough? It's like they secretly want to kill us. 
 You are now one of the elite. You won a war no man should ever have to fight. Future generations will tell tale of your bravery and strength. Congratulation, my friend. 
I'm really curious about his set up and how much he had to alter to make it accessible.

(wheelchair user who wants to explore talents that seem to not be very accessible) 
That's such a dog and ferret question. 
Or you used one source they don't like so anything you say is invalid. 
30. Unemployed due to disability. Can we be friends?
I tried Mac and Cheese mountain house. It was....not good. 
It's really weird. Hulu keeps telling me its premiering Thursday. But it already did. >.>
Her poor mother. 
The US. There's a war on Christmas and Christians depending on who you ask. lol
amy poehler is way hotter. 
I guess in my area Christians are VERY defensive about their beliefs. Even the smallest joke is a total offense. 
Or religion in general. People take that shit way too seiously. 
You can tell its fake because of the way it is.
Do you have a link?  Microwave accidents are my guilty pleasure. 
I'm so glad I found this post. This was driving me crazy!
Thank you....I think.
Oh, the cast? I tried this last week, But trust me. It'll work this time. 
Ya never know when you'll need some potassium. 
I'll never understand why people do this shit
Well its kind of fucked up that it happened twice. I mean yea he's gonna get it eventually, but it sure is a shitty situation until he does. 
That's racist. 
Well not for a camera. 
Good thing I don't have $6,000. 


That's fucked up. 
/r/iamverysmart 
Nice 
The might be, but I dunno about his band. If they are they don't get nearly enough credit. 
She looks like she could really mash it. 
I dunno I've thrown them away and never really noticed any unusual smells. I mean I havent done it since I was in high school now that I think about it and I always wrapped in in other tissues or put it in a can/coke bottle. 
They're just wings, shit man. 
>  Is this argument gonna be extended to be "we should arm everybody"?

Yes. That's exactly what they want. 'Anyone with any sense should have a gun. If I got to a restaurant or a museum and I see someone with a gun I'll be more likely to go there again. Nobody is going to shoot up a building if they know everyone there is packing."  
I like the non dairy. :( It's better than shitting uncontrollably. lol
It could have been ninja fire. 
The second to last one was pretty good too! Tell your mom to keep it up! She'll be tricking you guys with shopped pics in no time!
The real slug is in the comments
How limited is this release? I didn't even bother the first time I knew it was gonna be nuts
Oh, cool! Thanks for sharing. I feel a little less bad for him now that I dont  think it was the olympics. And I learned something! 
He handled that pretty well. He didn't try to hide it or anything he was just like "Whoops hang on a second" 
What was it? Just a regular race? 
It worked okay enough but it tastes like licking the walls of the smoke shop.
She looks....different,. I always assumed after "All about that bass, lost steam  she'd disappear. 
I dont hate them, but I'm becoming less and less aware of them. I used to go to TMZ and similar sites to read about the dumb shit celebrities do, but now I barely recognize any of the names. 
I can't believe people would make jokes like that it's really short-sighted. 
I usually only hate them if they park right next to handicap spot. They're almost always over the tine. 
I wouldn't have corrected you, but I Just got done watching the first episode so it was still fresh. :) 
pants are restrictive. He needed his full range of motion. 
Paul Reiser. No 'n'
It is my local news posted and so many people were excited about this, it's disturbing. 
I'm still not 100% I understand the point of those things. 
[dangerously close to ordering one](https://smile.amazon.com/dp/B0042L64IU/_encoding=UTF8?coliid=I3M2AQG4TFE7KA&colid=BML26TOC3F61&psc=1)
Yea. That's literally how chopsticks work.
Okay so he'll just drive a car into a crowd of people. You gonna ban cars now? Checkmate, libtards. /s
The invasion of personal space would be my break. The first time she does that she can fuck right off. I don't care if I said something that really pissed you, don't get in my face. 
I think they blocked his number? I could be wrong.
Okay...What terrible brain disorder does this cat have and how long does it have to live?
Sparakle. 
I believe that there was someone like Jesus. In that there was someone who made claims that he was the messiah and was crucified. That wasn't too uncommon for the time. 


Can you share some sources?
Jim and Dwight? Pfft.. You're obviously not intellectual enough to undestand Kevin's deep role in the show.
PRofessor: Every God damn class. 
This is brilliant. I put a a box of tape in my garage to help keep me straight. Works really well. 

implications 
You still have the memory that Mr. Rogers took the time to personally respond to you. That's pretty special too.
*looks around while holding a pitchfork* 

I think I'm in the wrong thread. 
God Speed. I've only ever been a passenger on the NJ Turnpike and I fucking hate it. 
Hey, you're right. Stupid science bitch couldn't even make I more smarter. 
The show is fun and I really enjoy it, but Jonathan is annoying as fuck. 
What an awkward gangly world 
As a ridiculously skinny guy I'll say good. More for me. 
I straight cath about 4 times a day anyway so I haven't noticed a difference. Same urgency and everything. Sometimes I do have to pee a little more often though, but not by much.

That's amazing. I wonder what the signals are for each and how they communicated them and practiced them.
Oh my god yea. I have a neurogenic bladder so alcohol was wreaking havoc on my body. I haven't had any accidents or gotten sick in so long. I'm sleepingg better and I'm overall happier. It took a long time and a lot of frustration and pissing off my friends, but I did it! I remeber telling my BFF that I traded one addiction (alcohol) for another (kratom) so I wasn't sure if I actually did better. But they reassured me and said something like "Dude. Kratom is so much better for you! People get hooked on medicines that help them al the time at least this isn't going to hurt you and you're way more responsible with it." 

Anyway thanks for the encouragement. You keep it up too man. 
NEW BORN PORN! 
I used to drink every weekend and sometimes multiple times a week. Once I started Kratom I quit drinking. I haven't drunk, except when I'm having lunch with friends, since Halloween. 

I use hand controls so I literally cant. :) And most people I know here in the US don't drive a stick anyway so I never thought of it as driving normally lol
He's suckin dem titties 
Lots of debt. 
In what galaxy is that an okay thing to say to co-workers?

No when future employers call them to ask about you they're gonna sayh "Well, he was a great employee but if you have a take-your-daughter to work day, you should probably give him the day off.
I don't know anything about cars and am not allowed to drive a stick so I have no idea. But you're probably right. lol
People keep finding these awesome dog toys and all I ever get is fuzz and colored fabric all over my room.
It just looks weird since most people would just take a screenshot. It's like when people take a picture of their computer screen. 
Holy hell this guy is annoying. I hope he has a hard time holding down a job because of these videos. 
Probably his mom's car. 
I'd rather see whoever the woman is in the first few seconds of the gif. 
She seems really cool. Is she seeing anyone?
Terry is saying "Man, you're gonna push me out of the way and you're not even gonna offer me any? That's messed up!" 
You're a piece of shit. 
I feel like if that were true it'd be a more widely known fact. There'd be a picture of his dog at the drums posted to /r/aww or /r/OldSchoolCool at least once a week. 
A PS4 for Valentines day? Man, she's a keeper! 
In America:
"he knocked her hat off get him!" 

*8 police charge in with their guns drawn* 
Fire up that loud

Another round of shots, shots, shots, shots...

Turn down for what?

Turn down for what?

Turn down for what?

Turn down for what?

Turn down for what?



Fire up that loud

Another round of shots, shots, shots, shots...

Turn down for what?

Turn down for what?

Turn down for what?

Turn down for what?

Turn down for what?

Fire up that loud

Another round of shots

Fire up that loud

Another round of shots

Fire up that loud

Another round of shots

Fire up that loud

Another round of shots

Shots, shots, shots, shots, shot, sh...

Turn down for what?

Turn down for what?

Turn down for what?

Turn down for what?

Turn down for what?


I have a pug and a Papillion and they get fed every day between 5 and 5:30. I napped today and almost missed it, when I opened my door they were sitting right there waiting. Every other day they come and find me and lead me to their food. 
Don't worry. That pug will have his revenge. Pugs are really good at knocking smaller animals on their ass. 
I can almost hear the peacock saying "GOD! STOP DOING THAT YOU LOOK LIKE AN IDIOT!" 
That's what I do. I watch it when its on and check here sometimes, but beyond that I don't care whats going on.  Actually, I think I still havent finished last season's finale. 

I definitely wouldn't waste the time and energy for the type of snafu they had with that sauce release. If that van came anywhere near me I'd probably check it out but I'm not driving that far for it either. 
Stuart is the only character of his that I actually like, but I remember that movie being pretty bad. 
Thank you!
Keystroke logger. They knew what you were going to say before you hit save. At least they're using their power for good and not evil!
I didn't think they'd like a brushing, but I guess the soft bristles would feel. :) 

Beautiful kitty. 
Wow! You look stunning!

Is there a sub for transition pics like this? I always love seeing them. They make me so happy. 
I saw the opposite with their jokes about pronouns or whatever that was with a bakery or something  in season two. I dunno I felt like it would be as you said but it only seems that way for white feminism and gay men. But my memory of it is fading 
The first season was okay, but I couldn't get through season 2.
"Sorry. I just realized that......I am gay."
It happens. Pizza is important. It deserves our full attention. :) 
It's not really fair to compare eating chicken soup to eating  5 extra large pizzas. 
The acrobatics are real. The toll it takes on the wrestlers is very real. The stories are made up and the winner of the matches are predetermined, but its not quite fake. Dramatized. 
That Seinfeld money. He and Larry David struck gold. 
My sister had a long-haired rat dog named Chula.  She was one of the sweetest most chill dogs ever. When my sister would visit Chula would wait outside my door for me. Sometimes I would tell people she was my dog.  The last time I saw her she was old and toothless. Expected our regular gentle cuddle session, but instead, she started rolling around on the couch and 'biting' my hand. It only lasted a few seconds then she was back to snoozing on my lap. 



Thanks for sharing this
I'm glad they got a chance to meet each other. I'm sure they're already best friends. 
Holy shit. How have I never thought of this before?! That's genius! 
He probably got the request during too.
"Oh baby I'm almost there. Oh god. SHUFFLE! TRUFFLE SHUFFLE!" 
Right. You can see this effect if you use Snapchat and pick the 'beauty' filter or whatever they call it. The camera app on my Galaxy S7 Edge has a similar thing. Its really strange.
Photoshop
I've never heard of her before but she's adorable and seems really sweet. I'll have to see if she's on Spotify. :)
Yep. He does this frequently for small violations, especially for low-income families if I remember correctly. 
He's 35.
"Heh. That's right drink up Human. Soon she will be mine....

Oh am I kidding...

*zoom* 
What if I don't have particularly greasy elbows? 
Right its a difference between "I've always been" and "I don't know why I am." 

I can't think of any real-world religion like that. Maybe once we have a religion where a giant computer is a god we'll get there. 
Find a local group on Facebook or something similar for people that share a common interest then organize a meetup. 
I have a friend who just posted a picture of her cat sitting on her shoulder. I've never seen her so genuinely happy. 
I don't even understand the point of that thing. It's only technically a mustache. 
Right. I mean we got some great music and dancing, but and I appreciate him for it but the cost him his childhood and his mental health. Was it worth it? I don't know. I wish we could have had his gift and he could have had his health. 
I was apprehensive when I first heard Louie was playing the mother on the show but he nails it every episode. 
After posting that I kind of want to watch it again. I loved Superbad! 
Hes waaaay smarter 
I was just referencing the movie [This is the End](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eF6ZSLDwLhM) I don't visit this sub often either. 
Ping_is_Daddy's references are out of control, everyone knows that. 
I dunno. You can definitely get a brown eye. 
Hey. Some people like wet willies. Don't our fun just because you're a prude. 



*Their* fun. I meant to say their fun. I'm not a weird-o. 
That's a really sweet memory. Thank you for sharing.

I don't think my dog knows how to put something in his mouth and NOT eat it. I can't leave food out for him to eat at his leisure because he'll just eat it all at once. lol 
The one by me still only has ice cream. I've eaten food at DQ only once in my life. I remember it being pretty good, I wish I could get it around here. 
That's nasty. I usually let it soak for no more than an hour before I wash them. I have forgotten them over night, though. 
Because if we can't mock the president for the most mundane shit whats even the point of voting? 
I also like doing an edit like:

Edit: I meant pays off, but I'm leaving it for posterity. 
Their username leads me to believe they never went to school. 
If I said you had a beautiful body would you take your pants off and dance around a little?
Oh. That makes sense. I do that after awhile if  my recommended videos get all wacky. 
My niece will get inches from my face with slobber and food all over her face and I just want to shove her and run. 
I don't think I Could handle everything that would come with dating someone in a wheelchair. 
Why? It's obviously fake! /s
Yea, I like to use the red bar to check if I started a video yet or not. It used to be way more helpful about telling me how much I actually watched. 
I miss Cory and Trevor. 
Take your shit idea and fly off ya shitbird.  
I wanna pat his head and tell him he's handsome. 
One one of those in my house so I can just squirt icecream into my mouth. 
I found an article about it last night, but all the links were already dead. They had a few screen grabs and gifs. Definitely looked pretty convincing from the little bit I saw. 
If you say confusingly worded things in front of stupid people they'll assume you're smart. 
I spent many hours crying over math homework. Good for him for gettin it!
I'm so mad I could just poo.

*intense straining*

Hang on...God I hate you....

This makes me so happy. Keep encouraging these kinds of actions and She can clean the world.
[link](https://www.reddit.com/r/eagles/comments/7w7f79/my_brother_passed_last_year_but_there_was_no_way/)
Here's the thing. There's just as much of a change of them running around together as there is of them not doing anything. Don't be a dick. 
Right. Whenever you see Eddie/Moose on his lap he's biting John.  John hated working with him.
I'm not a huge fan, but I got into them through Blind Melon. They were big fans and the singer Shannon Hoon named his daughter Nico Blue Hoon. 
They thought I was trying to hack the computers. The worst part was that I was in the middle of two projects that required computer use. That school (Catholic) was shit. By the end of the year, I'm pretty sure everyone thought I was a Satanic hacker.

Thank god I got out of there because I needed a series of back surgeries. 
I lost computer rights because I used command prompt to send the message 'I see you' to all the computers on the school's network. 

Stupidly I forgot that it literally showed which computer sent the message so my fun was short lived. 
Poor Gladys. You heard about Andre, didn't you? He was killed by a Dragon! The poor guy didn't even see it coming.
His death was one of the main reason I started seeking medication and looking for a therapist. I haven't found one that works for me and takes Medicare, but I'm still pushing. 
YEa His best friends Nowhere Man and Whiskey girl died. They were a band in his home town of Bizbee Arizona. Whiskey Girl died from health issues and Nowhere Man killed him self shortly after. 
This guy (Ronnie Radke) is a major tool bag.
This is a big reason I don't want kids. Sometimes I should probably have supervision. 
looks more like a left hand.
I agree. I hope he can take it off to sleep too, otherwsise that is a big sacrifice. As a smoker I can't imagine having something in your life so important that I'd willing go to those lengths to quit. 
What are you gonna do stab me?
I'm gonna try this with my pug...Outside. 
Sorry, I think I responded to the wrong comment. I was referring to Robert Downey JR. But either way looks like the site I read earlier was [wrong](https://www.celebheights.com/s/Robert-Downey-Jr-523.html)
He's 5'9." He's taller than me. 

Man, I should have gotten some lifts before I had to start using the chair. Could have changed my life. 
I said the same thing. Am 30.  Still alive. I dont want to live to 40. 
I'm watching Fraiser for the first time on Hulu. He's one of my favorite characters on the show. Sad day. RIP. :(
"They're not rioting! They're *celebrating*; they're excited. 
This needs to be an amusement park thrill ride. 
If he donates to anything BLM related they'll hate him. Or Planned Parenthood. 
I thought it was a cat at first. A weird cat, but a cat none the less. 
Same. Then i lost my entire library. No way am I doing that all over 

[Her full name is Howard Allen Frances O'Brien](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anne_Rice)
Mine came broken. I wish I had thought of something like this. >.>
He sort of emojied it. 
I'm tired of EA's shit too, but I'll admit that I'm still hooked on the Sims (4). The create-a-sim feature has gotten pretty awesome! The game itself is okay. For gameplay 2 is better, but I digress. I will buy the next expansion pack whenever it comes out while upvoting anti-eA posts on Reddit. 
They were Outlaw Country. 
I'm not a fan myself but calling him a horrible singer is just silly. I didn't enjoy his sound but he definitely had skills. He could carry a tune a hell of a lot better than most people. 
Wednesday Addams was hot.
I like Mike. He seems like a really sweet guy. He deserves way more credit for how much he's grown as a person. 
"I'm tired of this PC bullshit. She was NEVER president. Presidents only."

Ben Franklin wasn't president. 

"Founding Fathers then. She aint no father."
Then the clincher at the end "They're just doing it cus she's black"
or 
"You can't erase history just cause it hurts your feelings.'



 *pulls up irrelevant racist 'stats'*

How is he still alive?
I'm the same way with my Simpsons toys/games and modest Michael Jordan collection. 
How did it run though? I don't think I ever had one.
> all the horrible powdery bits of cereal nobody wants to eat

What do you mean nobody? I love getting a bowl in a box and letting the cereal get covereed in powder. 
I mentioned this to someone at BK once and they said "Why dont you just get both and mix them yourself?"
I was on a house boat on a lake years ago with family and I decided to feed some bread to a duck. It started off innocent enough then he came back with two other ducks. I thought it was cute that he went and got his friends. Then one of those ducks left and came back with 4 more. I was out of bread by the time they showed up and they got angry. When I saw them trying to climb up the boat I noped into the cabin.
That's some heaving kissing for the middle of a grocery store. I'd probably be a little confused too.
My sister had a chihuahua and while she was a spiteful and vindictive little thing she was also the sweetest little dog ever.  She was like my little shadow. 
Stevens. **MRS.**  
To that kid it is and he's real. 
I thought I at least knew the most basic things about football, as a non fan. Apparently I know nothing. 
I can definitely see this. I'm still having fun with it, but I can only play it in short bursts. Watching everyone die over and over gets old pretty fast. 
Dark Souls. I heard so much hype for it, but it was just not worth the time or frustration. 
That mouse trap puzzle was obnoxious, but I think the game is still kind of fun overall. But I'm not very far into it.
That 'joke' would have been homophobic either way, since its implying that therre is something wrong with a guy sucking cock. 
He then said "he'd probably like it."

Implying that there's something bad about him enjoying penis. 
"Because Trump is great"

Not the word I'd use, but okay. 
It's like he's bragging about being a totally douche. 
> Ever consider that men arent growing beards for your approval?

But I bet he has a lot to say about how much make up women wear. 
"This guy I went to High School with."

Are people usually friends with random people from high school? Do you actually know him? How long ago did you graduate?

Sorry for the weird string of questions I was just curious. I still have a couple of FB friends from High School, but I've cleaned out most of the ones I don't talk to or at least interact with. 
WHy would anyone pass up good sez?
You gave me one example. I responded to it. I gave a link supporting what I said. You gave nothing else. But the same repeated sentences. 

I asked you for something other than the Megan Ganz thing, because I already responded to it. And it doesn't hold much water. 

You say I'm intellectually lazy (you repeat it ad nauseum) yet you refuse to offer anything but the one example and the same attacks on me. You say I have a bad attitude yet you're the one who came to a discussion about Dan Harmon to make a stink. As for arrogance that's just deliciously ironic. 

Do you have anything other than that one example. Did he fuck your mom? Did he refuse to sign an autograph for you? You seem to be taking this *really* personally. 
I'm still taking part in the discussion. I understand what you're saying. You seem to think you've hit some intellectual goldmine, but its largely weightless. Again you really haven't said anything. 

> Who the fuck goes online to forums and then tries to insult people for discussing things?

You? You have a hard on for hating Dan Harmon. I get it you don't like him. You say he makes mistake after mistake but you offer little in the way of evidence. Why should I do any heavy lifting when you rolled the ball to the bottom of the stairs and said "EH. Close enough. They get the idea." 

But I'm glad to see you stuck to your guns and won't debate this any further. ;) 
> You're just repeating yourself senselessly now.

And you're using a lot of words and saying very little. You need to get out more. You're way too focused on hating this guy. 

> I know who he is because he made the first three seasons of Community.

That's what I said. You know him because of his job. Making TV. You don't know him. Neither do I. So I'll just keep watching his shows for what they are. YOu can be pissy if you want. 
That's literally his job. That's why you know who he is. 

Like you're just some asshole on the internet. 
He's a guy who makes TV shows.  TV shows people like. He says things people can relate to. He puts a human face on things. 

As for Ms. Ganz, she [forgave him.](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/01/13/arts/dan-harmon-megan-ganz.html) 

Again he's human. We're all fucked up. I'm not claiming he's a saint or a beacon of growth and change. I'm just saying he's a person who offers things people enjoy. That's all he is. 
We're all terrible. All of us. Recognizing it and admitting it is the first step towards being a little less terrible. 
That's one thing I love about Creed. It's so easy to assume there's something under the surface, like a deeper joke but its usually just Creed being Creed. 
Unless you ask, then we'll say we totally are because people love HEARING that we care about the children 
To this day hearing hear say 'suck my dick' is one of the hottest thing I've ever heard.
Where's the cheeseburger Randy?
I didn't necessarily know this as a kid, but blowing in the card doesn't really do any good. Just pop it out and put it back in. 
Euronymous took the photos of Dead. He even rearranged his body and the gun to make it look extra brutal. He sent pieces of his skull to friends. He also allegedly ate parts of his brain. Euronymous was one fucked up guy.  I think Varg is a piece of shit, in part for killing Euronymous, but the world isnt any worse without Euronymous in it,.
I have a leash for my dog that fastens him to the seatbelt. I'm not taking any chances with my little buddy. 
I hope that cat has some sort of safety harness. I always get nervous seeing animals unsecured in cars. 
>She's in on the joke.

When asked if 'medium' was the right word to describe her character in Poltergeist she said ["Well, I was a short parading a medium'](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YHHG547Po14)

I have a small Simpsons collection. I'm slowly trying to expand it. I would totally get  this just for display. 

(I wish I had gotten more shirts and stuff back in their heyday) 
Day-bow-bow? I love that song! 

DAY BOW BOW! chi-chica-cha. 
I'm watching it for the first time right now. I could see them doing a revamp like they did with Will & Grace, but I really hope they don't. There doesn't seem to be as much to gain. 
> Quite a short man

He's 5'9 so he's still taller than me.
Want this for my wheelchair
I have a single serve coffee maker; can anyone test this and confirm for me?
Do you have a kink handy? I missed that one.

Edit: Goddamn it I meant link. 
It was fun, but I had a hard time coming up with things to post. We're both kind of lazy so we don't really have a lot of stories. He'd rather lay by my feet while I'm at my computer than run outside. 
I did t hat for my pug, but I Forgot the password within a week and never bothered to figure it out again. 
If you're ever in Ohio hit me up and you can borrow one of mine. :p
There are a lot of things out there saying that was totally staged. Good TV either way
So they ended up still getting the packages. Have they been caught? Pretty mild justice. I'm sure once she healed they went right back to swiping packages. 
That's what I heard. I had to go back twice for that one. 
Good to see Shoenice getting outside. 
I used to like Debbie. I knew she got hate but I kind of felt it was exaggerated. But this season, holy shit. I would not be upset if her baby got taken away and she got arrested. That said emma kenney is fucking hot. 
That's how we say it in Ohio as well. 
And people in wheelchairs 
I dont know if they changed the recipe, but I got a pack when they revamped it a few years ago and it was not very good. I never had it as a kid, so I don't know if I would have liked it then. 
What did he say after "he solves rubics cubes?"
Aw I thought I found a new sub, but r/creepyasterisks is private. 
Looking at this I  question all the times I saw a head explode or someone get shot in the head  in a movie and thought "That's so fake." 
Yep! I hate peas so it was not my favorite. 
I was going to say laminate, but a frame would be so much better. 

Edit: Scan it in if you have access to a scanner so you always have it just in case. 
I saw the movie after I heard the song. I thought Weird Al had turned me into a Star Wars fan, but Episode 1 was not about to let that happen. 
Self woosh. I missed that. 
Also the school girls. 
That's how I imagine a game about charles Manson would start. 
You're not from America are you?
Yes, which great because I'm a power bottom. 
I wish they'd do another Sam and Max game. I loved those. 
And if something goes wrong and she loses her pictures she can come back and blame him/the store. 
It really doesn't. I have almost no feeling in my legs and I felt that video. 
Or maybe she liked it and chose it herself. 
Those are two very different results though. 

Breast expansion is a very specific fetish. 
That's a respectable reason. They could have easily kept that show going for a long time, but it definitely would have lost it's heart. The ending, though sad, was perfect
Pops is probably one of my favorite characters on any show ever. 
No. They're showing the undercover officers without showing without allowing them to be identified. The masks allow them to participate without them being able to be recognized. 
That doesn't really tell them what they do there, does it? This video makes it pretty obvious that those masked men are the undercover officers he mentioned
That works for future reference vut u already have this stuff 
I'll have to check out other vendors. I like Kraomas costumer service bit a lower price would be nice. 
I dont. I used to. Good idea. I'll do that for my next dose. 
Is it? Its cheaper than this stuff and works very well.  I haven't tested other vendors. I like this guy and just kind of stuck with him 
The Princess Bride. I love that movie. 
as long as it works I wont be too burnt up about it. Once my regular stuff comes it'll be good to store for safe keeping. So far the 8 capsules I took dont seem to work as well as my usual 4 gram dose. 
That's exactly what happened. At least this time  I didn't run out visiting family out of town with no way to get more. That was hell!
About $47 ish.  for 150 caps (500 MG per cap) 

I usually go with Kraoma, but shit happens.
That scene in the casino where everythings all wibbly wobbly is awesome! The bath tub scene had me cracking up. I don't know it's just one of my favorite movies for altered states. 
Fear and Loathing? I always thought that was a perfect movie for psychedelics  
Reddit loves making fun of people with disabilities/deformities, until someone posts some inspiration porn then they all jerk eachother off while talking about how someone was chopping onions. 
Watching this I realize something.

When my mom said "I knew you were lying" and I still thought I was being slick....She knew. She probably knows it all. 
Is Street Fighter turning into Dead or Alive?
Didn't they try this already? And it failed miserably?
This is probably the biggest reason I gave up on TV. I'm tired of football or other things getting in the way of me enjoying shows.
At least now I can catch them within a day of airing.

I still have scars from my childhood from missing The Simpsons because of football. 
But the dude is lifting his leg up as if that's  what he expects. 
It feels weird seeing Danny McBride's name on this, but I won't judge it til it comes out.
How can you tell?
"His face melted off. But thank god he was wearing that cover. He can still hear us tell him how stupid he is for not wearing the mask."
FIRE GUY
Okay. Thanks, I'll give it another try after I binge some Steven Universe. 
I wonder if 30 Rock is the same way. I only got a few episodes in and couldnt do it.
We get it. I'm stupid. Thanks for reinforcing the point of my original post. 
Thanks, Captain obvious 
Holy shit. I was about to ask if the dialogue was really hard for anyone else to hear. 

Then it hit me. That's brilliant.
But..But..He got an Ellis Island Award! He can't be racist! /s
I was wondering why, sometimes, when I see a clip or image on here and go to the episode on line its not the same. 
It blows my mind how so much information can fit on something so small. 
Maybe he has something extra special planned for the nipple.
That's the compilation we need. 
"Linda you forgot the lid. Why are you filming him? Forget it, I'll get the damn lid." 

*slash* 
I did the same thing with a razor to my eyebrow. Dont ask me why. 

I was embarrassed as fuck. Luckily my parents didn't punish me because 'going to school like that will be punishment enough.' 
I always hated that as a kid, but I knew they paid for it so I was powerless. At least ask though, damn. 
I'm sorry for your loss. He sounds like my kind of kitty. I don't know what it is but I love spiteful kitties and doggies. 

My sister's chihuahua was getting ignored because my sister had just had a baby and she went to the middle of the room, squatted, and pusshed with all her might just to squeeze out one little turd. Glaring at us the whole time.

But she was my buddy. When my sister came to visit she would run around the house until she found me. She got old and less plaful, but the last time I saw her she demanded I put her on my lap and then she proceeded to play bite me...well gum me. It was so out of character for her in her older age. She passed away about a month later. 
No clue, I used to see him on Vice all the time I think. 
I can't remember his name or anything, but I think its part of his image.
Plot twist the guy who ruins the trick is the actual magician. 
Littering and

Littering and

Littering and

Littering and
Should have used nutella and peanut butter. 
It started as curiosity.  I read a llot of stories about torture and what not some with pics. Nothing you can't really find on the regular net, but it seemed easier to find them cataloged. *shrugss* It's been a while. I never ventured too far because I use windows and never bothered to get Tails or any other VM. 
What a douche canoe. I didn't watch his apology video, or any of the others, but when I saw the thubnail I wondered how fake those tears were. 
I don't get it.
My baby was almost born today
I totally agree. That's why I got myself a sleep mask. if I leave my computer on at night the light on the tower can absolutely reck my night. 
That's gorgeous! I want one!
Does the oven make a big difference? Since its ABV couldn't you just put it on the cracker and eat it. Or was that part just for the regular dry herb?
I have a broken stem that got pretty nicely covered. I'm working on a new stem now, but I need to find a way to harvest and enjoy whats on the broken stem. 
I went to private school too and it a source of far more shame than pride. It was an awful awful place.

"If an asteroid killed the dinosaurs then where's the crater?"
"Carbon dating doesn't work so we know evolution doesn't exist."
"Sometimes the devil uses science to confuse us away from God's word."

> Hispanic family.

Are they Hispanic or Mexican? 

> There Hispanic

You're being intentionally obtuse, aren't you?

I'm depressed because my dad gave ours away to our baby sitter when I was younger. He said we didn't play it anymore. We did. I think we had a gold zelda cartridge. I dunno if that means anything. 
I can't wait for the winter to be over and the weather to warm up again. I want to take my pug for walks again. He misses the horses down the street. 

He's gotten a little chubby, but his vet says he's still in good shape for a pug. He's got a lot of mass to him, but he's strong af. 
I hear Dudley Moore. 
I love my pug, but I would definitely like to see pugs bred to have more normal faces. You see old paintings of them with royalty and their faces look like a regular dog's. 
I was kinda hoping this was r/ChildrenFallingOver  but that last stack was damn impressive 
I just finished the series again. I loved this episode. It's not necessarily one of my favorites overall but I really like that *even Zoidberg* got a happy ending. For as much as she gets shit on I really like him. If they ever do another movie or special I hope they show them together with a bunch of weird crab babies some how.
"Man that kid is lucky I wish there were women like that when I was his age." 
I didn't realize what sub I was in at first. I don't think this fits. Keanu has had a pretty unjust life so he probably does have  a hard time relating to people of his generation. 
These puns are so delicious I'm about to Wolff the down. I'll just jump out the window. 
Convert to Buddhism? 
Black, corn, glory he does em all!
I was sort of being sarcastic because tor.to exists so ou can browse wtihout tor or security. :) 
But the tor network is a completely separate internet. It's literally impossible to browse without the special software. It allows your computer to peel back the layers of the onion (internet) and get the the juicy center.

Source: I'm high. 
I used to browse Tor on the reg and I never saw these supposed red rooms or legitimate hitmen.  I was kind of a paranoid Pauly though, so I didn't some of the more seedy links.  
I think I misread it. Her getting pregnant sounds like she was already cheating on you given the time line, but you may have already thought that out. I had just smoked when I read your comment and posted mine. lol
> BK is just about the lowest level fast food their is. 

This is a heart breaking reality I still haven't fully accepted yet. We usually got McDonalds if we did fast food when I was a kid, at least for burgers. But BK was special. It's always been my favorite. I still go, but more often than not I'm let down. I still enjoy the onion rings, at least. 
I'm not very good at math but something doesn't quite add up....
I don't have CP, but I do have Spina Bifida and I walked in a similar fashion before I became confined to a wheelchair. I *hated* when people did stuff like this. I appreciate the thought behind it, but if I joined the team I would have done so to feel some what *normal* to be one of the guys. 

This would just make me feel bad because, they're all going out of there way to make sure I do well instead of just letting me play. I mean I wouldn't expect that to throw me the ball or tackle the shit out of me but this would have annoyed the shit out of me, but I'm usually the type to never ask for help unless I absolutely have to. 
The human is the real Slim Shady. The orangutan is just imitating. 
I was just wondering this last night about arms. How do they potentially move fingers and stuff if they lost their arm at the elbow? 
Sorry for not answering your question, I'm just really glad you asked!
So glad I only play this on steam. I haven't had any issues.

I did get the other game Galaxy of Pen and Paper on Android. Is it as bad? I have it on Steam as well, but it was discounted and I had a gift card so I scooped it on Android too. 
Man, good eye! I would have been too afraid to approach him. "I *think* that's Leslie David Baker, but it could also just be some guy...."


I know it's not a classic, but [Organ Trail](http://store.steampowered.com/app/233740/Organ_Trail_Directors_Cut/) is pretty good too.
Before he was a big time chef he did music for kid's movies. 
> more deadlier




> this one

Which one?
Episode of what?
You can see them [here](http://www.cafevalley.com/products/cakes/ring-cakes)

[Here's their coverage map](http://www.cafevalley.com/find-our-products)
I thought this was the sims at first, but it looked a little too real. 
Twist: The vet is also a drug dealer and came back to reclaim their lost stash. 

ha ha ha!
The question of "Can we do it?" was so enticing that no one stopped to say "Wait..Should we?"
Reddit hates Pewdiepie, because he's successful and kids loves him. 
Verily!
At that moment Walmart's CEO felt a burning sensation deep in the cavity where a heart would normally be. 
I forgot I had my phone flair. derp.

The S5 seems to have a longer life than my S4 did. The S4 started great but it got slow pretty fast. It seems like they slow their tablets down a lot faster. Or the first one I had was crap when I got it, I'm not sure. 
Not sure if I'm missing a joke here, but you might wanna look that up.
Okay but about Samsung?

Edit: I just realized my flair was wrong. whoops!
Does it cause any interference with foil hats? I want better wi-fi but I don't want my router to transmit my thoughts to the NSA. 
Hmmm I donate to delete blood cancer DKMS. My best friend lost his fight against cancer so I wanted to donate in his name in a way. I hope they're actually getting it. 
Came here to say this. I always forget to go to smile.amazon.com so this helps a lot. 
Alright. I'll give it another fair chance. I have a lot of friends who love it, so it'd be kind of nice to be able to join in on the conversations. 

I'll give it another chance. The one I watched had like evil mannequins or something and I just could NOT get through it. lol
i tried to get into it, so I watched a few episodes and it was really weird and cheesy. Where would you recommend I start to really get into?
I love that moment when she figured it out. Se's trying to understand then suddenly "I'M GETTING A BABY!" So sweet.
It's porn.*

*It isn't but you asked so nicely. It's from a music video but I can't remember the artist or song name. 
I always thought it was 'crying' not 'flying.' TIL. 
Apparently I forgot to reply to you. How rude of me! Thank you for the link. I'm definitely going to order a few!
Yes. That's one way to do it. :)
Sometimes I feel like I'm moving super fast through time. Everything else is normal but I feel like I'm out of synch. Its really unneving. It happened a lot more when I was a kid. I Can't control it or turn it off. 
Right. Did the FedEx driver know they ordered it and then go to the Amazon (or whatever) hub and pick it up just to drop it off? it doesn't really make sense. 
Great idea, terrible execution. 
He didn't think he was worth of being crucified like Jesus so he was crucified upside down.

> I drew an upside down cross in a bible.

Cool! St. Peter doesn't get nearly enough credit. I mean you probably shouldn't deface someone else's property. Maybe wear an inverted cross next time. It'll be a great conversation starter and teaching opportunity. 
Exceptions to this law include "the mentally ill, convicted felons, conscientious objectors and people who cannot afford to own a gun"
As a wheelchair user this is depressing.

As someone with a twisted fascination with death: This is exciting. 
Very awesome of you! Happy Holidays!
I liked WWF Warzone....
You don't have kids right?
Thanks, friend! 
> 'Liberals hate him so he must be doing something right!' 

I can't tell you how many times I've seen that argument for him.
Facebook would have me believe that he is the most popular president ever. The comment section for my local news status is full of supporters. 
Right and I think its way more effective than any other punishment. "Yea. I got spanked, but hey I found my Nintendo Switch!" 
I'll have to look into it! I'm allergic to latex, but I'm sure I can find a safe alternative. :) 
[YouTube link for easier sharing.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bXy1iiQgOAM)

Video title spoils the surprise, but I didn't search very hard. 
Something something skipped leg day something something. 
I didn't even realize I did that. Ah well. It stays. 
It says out of stock of stock now. I'll have to look after the Holidays 
When a  bull is in heat and there are no females around their horns become increasingly hotter. If they are unable to find a female they will start to 'grow' flames. 
my parents put (unset) mousetraps under the tree to deter me. I never opened presents early because I like surprises, but if I had I probably would have just lost whatever the gift was for x amountt of time. 
Crap! I knew I messed that up! Terribly sorry. I'll fix it when I'm Redditung from my pc.
I don't think they're that funny either, but I can really appreciate his vocal abilities. He's really good at emulating different types of characters. 
> Yeah - try and get THAT visual outta your head

Maybe I don't want to. ;) 
'Cant a woman post a nice picture feedin her baby without creeps hitting her up? I DON'T WANT YOUR NASTY ASS BITING MY NIPPLES!" 
Still wrong.
I made the mistake of reading the Facebook comments on this story... People are fucked up. 
Not only that, but title is "Awesome developer responds to (early access) Feedback" but doesn't tell us who the awesome developer is. That seems counter intuitive 
I do that if  I'm in a tunnel or maze type level and I find the exit right away, I'll go back and see what's in all the other paths. 
Multiple saves for days.,
He's good enough. He's smart enough. And doggone it, people like him!
I got [The Legendary Player - Make Your Reputation](http://store.steampowered.com/app/699570/The_Legendary_Player__Make_Your_Reputation__OPEN_BETA/) because it looked interesting and the price was right. Hopefully I won't be too let down.
I must have gotten extremely lucky. I smoked cigs and weed a couple of days after getting mine out and  nothing happened. 

I don't deny it was stupid and not at all worth it. 
Last I heard he was homeless and desperate. Though that doesn't explain why he started in the first place.
Seagulls. 
They seemed to be having fun. They knew they were going to a comedy show so they were ready to laugh at some good clean fun. 