TIL daewoo makes machine guns
a colleague the other day complained that in our canteen we only used to have bigger paper boxes for take-away food.

when she got breakfast 2 days ago we suddenly had smaller boxes also, and she sent an email "see thats what i talked about, its much better they have these smaller boxes now, makes me feel better when i just get a bun that i dont have to waste one of those big boxes"

she sent an email to the whole team and we made a little fun of her by replying all with firstworld-problem memes :D

her message was basically, to align with your image, "how can i eat my breakfast - on a plate thats this big"
this gif never fails to make me laugh :D
i guess disney (or pixar or whoever made wreck it ralph) creates the scenes (at least rudimentary?) with the characters they want and show it to sega (and nintendo and all the companies whose characters are in the movie) to show them what their idea is.

if said company thinks its ok and their character is appropriately used and they agree and think they might benefit from the resulting movie in any kind of way, contracts are signed, money is paid and the movie gets made.
aftermath?

also, x-post to /r/gifsthatendtoosoon
Link leads off of Google drive, so it's not a Google drive post...
this is hilariously true.
yeah i mean, i'm not gonna check the game out now. they blew their chance.
or eat 400 chicken eggs to get the same protein as you get from 20 ostrich eggs!
easy, just "reply all" with the michael jackson popcorn gif!
ESPECIALLY your phone!

babies LOVE to play "stop me from committing suicide"
at that age just give her/him any random household item, she'll be fine. like bottles, knives, keys... basically anything that you dont want her/him to play with is good enough.
how did bush convince the US population that invading iraq is a smart idea? its the same thing. with only limited knowledge, you are more likely to buy into propaganda.
Cosleeping doesn't mean "sleep on top of your baby and be surprised when it's dead".
Cio is torture and should be illegal.

The baby is crying because it wants or needs  something.
just for a fraction of a second though
a good shampoo for me is a shampoo that doesnt dry out my hair. it should make my hair clean but still leave them somewhat silky smooth.

currently my go-to-shampoo is one from aldi for 1 buck or so, which does the job better than the 3 euro garnier shampoo that we bought to try out.
which means you still have to go 1 month (+ whatever time it takes until you actually start the job) with 7 dollars until you get salary :D

but congratulations anyway!
ah, that one street/road you never get... haha :D justice was served, thats nice to hear.
in actual indian tv soaps, this is legit what happens. half of an episode will be peoples faces being zoomed in on and having a shocked/happy expression with dramatic music.

we're pakistanis so we watch pakistani stuff,  where soaps are not that high-budget, but also we have yet to see a pakistani soap opera thats over-the-top like the indian stuff.
if you have satellite tv, see if you can get zee one on astra 2g (google zee one lyngsat for the frequency)... its a german channel where they show these shows dubbed in german. its ridiculous.
Write "0" and leave.
Thankfully, i have both a son and a daughter. So we're set.

I have a couple of colleagues who have only sons or only daughters. Two have 3 sons and one has 6 daughters. I can only imagine how they feel.
>(like how McDonald's employees can't win McDonald's contests)

Can anyone even win anything of a real value? (Not including coffee or a milkshake or some small item like that)

There was a scandal about this, no?
Plot twist: he wasn't disabled and only used a wheelchair for the lulz, but after this he actually became disabled
Yes. I charge my 5x at work on my work iMac with a usbc-usba cable daily. It takes a good while, but at the end of the day is always at 100%.
Is that even necessary in 2018? Seems like the are plenty of perfectly capable midrange phones around these days that perform perfectly fine.

I'm in the same situation you are, but without the intent to upgrade in the nearby future... But i gotta keep my eyes open.
the only alternative is to buy 6 pizzas so everyone is happier!
i work in phone sales for (probably) your phone maker.

while "virtually unintelligible" is a bit exaggerated, it can certainly be hard to understand those with a thick accent.  its funny because all of the team consists exclusively of standard-german speakers, which makes sense because we speak to german, swiss and austrian customers.
after my first 5x bootlooped after around 6 months, my second one is still going strong after over a year. i'd still like to upgrade to a pixel 2 or 2 xl, but i live in ireland where google saves their monies but doesnt sell irish folks their products :rolleyes:
man i love death wood! its music where you only hear sounds of cracking wood, like twigs and trees.

nature-exploiting corporations love that shit!
most of my peers have kids, but with 32 i'm actually the youngest in my team, and i have 2 kids.

a female colleague of mine has 3, one has 2 kids, 4 further have 1 each. two have none.

thats the trend here in ireland. and we're a german team, irish teams have more kids on average.
dont kill the old man sitting my the big tree.
you're high on blood and are seeing monsters.
> Holy shit, America deserves Trump.

man, tuning into US news these days is pretty hilarious and entertaining.
i'd love to grow a long beard, but it kinds doesnt work for me.

i have a pretty dense beard, but when it grows longer, it sticks to and creeps down my neck, instead of growing "away" from my chin/neck. (it kinda "curves" inwards, if that makes sense)

so i keep it trimmed. mustache i trim with a 2, and the beard with a 3 (used to do 1 and 2 for mustache and beard, but recently i prefer the slightly longer beard)
your hair is on point! what product / type of product you use?
I ordered for from a local joint at like 4pm for 6pm delivery. Guy calls at 5pm "I'm here with your order" i go downstairs to pick it up and say "i actually ordered for 6 though" and he replies "were just so fast"

Um... Ok. Mate this isn't a race.

/edit: typed this on mobile yesterday evening in bed, corrected some typos / missing words
its been many years i had proper long hair, but i would usually wear it in a ponytail which is also formal-appropriate i'd say, and sometimes slick them back with cream/pomade
connect your own phone or something with the speaker and play some death metal really really loud. and when a superior appears, disconnect and blame the guy for it.
woah! i think you're onto something here!
if you swim in the ocean, could it be possible to have your eyes opened permanently without the need to blink (moisten) your eyeballs?
*sigh*

its not like there is no place for multiplayer-only games in this world.

you want a singleplayer games? dont buy games from EA games. easy, no?
oh god why is this meme so hilarious, and i've not even played any of the god of war games yet xD
kratos kinda looks like dave bautista
saved for watching later, hope there are no spoilers
hey guys,, got a question:

i bought 2 packs of magnum ice cream the other day, turns out both of them contain google play movie rental discount codes for 50% off.

can i redeem both of them at the same time? i've redeemed one already, but i'm not sure if i should redeem the other one also or wait until i've used the first one.
wearing futuristic space suits that allow you to fly around and carrying hand-gun sized railguns is cool, but lens-flares? THATS WHERE WE DRAW THE LINE
its slightly smaller, but it seems a very decent upgrade indeed.
/r/didthemath
When you go in developer settings and enable "pointer location", you can see in the upper right corner the value for "size".

The harder you press (ie. The more surface area you finger occupies on the screen) the higher the value will be.
So basically Google could kinda copy 3d touch from apple as software implementation.
What is the supposed to be  proof of? Its a hadeeth.  People argue over these.  Extremists will likely agree, but the average habibi will be chill about it.
wait, iphone and ipad users already have that but android-phone users dont? i'm speechless
i'm muslim and i aint even mad. nothing in islam forbids women to shake hands with a man. all these cultural rules are over-the-top and much more islamic than islam itself.
well he should spend time with you guys, definitely.

i also try to make time to play videogames. but during the week i exclusively play in the later evening, when the kids are asleep. after i come home (at around 5 when on early shift) i spend the time with my clan, playing with the kids, talking to my wife (when my kids let me), dinnertime, getting ready for bed etc.
on other days i love to spend time outside with my family.

i have to say though that definitely, i'm much more self-centered than my wife. not sure if thats a male thing or if its just me. sometimes i really really dont want to do anything just so i can do whatever i want to do (which, often, is simply playing videogames). my wife is much much more selfless in that regard.
we have 2 kids, a soon-4 year old girl and a 18 month old son.

my daughter is kinda trilingual, although i have to say that the third language (german) i really didnt speak a lot with her, doing it more now because of our son.  i didnt speak german because i read a lot that kids that hear too many languages might have issues developing language themselves. and in the country we live in she wont need german, and the language that i speak with me wife is urdu. turns out my daughter is a little slow in that anyway, but by now she is rapidly catching up.

she only speaks 2 languages herself (form which she mostly uses english), urdu she understands perfectly fine and speaks as well, but not as much as english. german i'd say she understands more or less.

so i hope my son will start to speak german AND english AND urdu. since i speak much more german with him than i did with my daughter, and she might catch it as well.

as for my daughter, she listened to a lot of english, when we are out and in general conversations with other people, and of course tv and childrens poems/videos on youtube etc, so she got that pretty early. urdu it took her quite some time, but by now she is making elaborate sentences.

i'd say just keep the languages around your kids and they will eventually catch them.
you made a serious mistake!
never played god of war. back in the day it looked to me like super mario with violence, the way the character can jump around etc.

this one though? it looks pretty dope.
what was your answer?
its a phase, its gonna end eventually. out daughter had such a phase as well.
ok come out martin shkreli or kevin o'leary, who of you was it?
thats what i thought too, he possibly made it worse.
did you miss the part where he sprays water inside the car?
if she a ho, i aint a bro
the unergonomic mess that nioh is makes bloodborne look like a neatly tidied up library.
when a lighthearted joke turns dark quickly...
the guy in the red shorts be like "huh"
you mean mortal kombat
thats not how parenting works.
just wait until their washing machines start to bootloop wololol
> Your question is like asking how restaurants make a profit from napkins or restrooms.

dude i just had an idea

a toilet roll dispenser that spits out 1 sheet of toilet paper for every 10 cents you put in


SOMEONE PATENT THAT
> I went into Buc-ee's after buying gas there to get a cup of ice in my own cup. They wanted 50 cents. I have never been back.

what station doesnt charge for ice cream though?
nobody mentioned sweat?
> fortnite's case, it's free and available on consoles

huh!? thats news to me. then.... well i might have a look into it.
the monkey doesnt know the lioness can eat him.

the lioness knows that the monkey doesnt know that she can eat him.

so she doesnt eat him.
no, germany wont strike.

we will just equip those who strike LOL
dont worry it gets worse LOL :'D
yeah thats the one i've heard/read and that i like. 
american chopper
she played the game, she won. i aint even mad.
whatever the situation, i always agreed to and took side with and never blamed  alfred.
why didnt you wipe it up?

she is a toddler. treat her like such.
for me its terranigma
beer stinks horrible. why would anyone drink that?
text him anywhere "thanks for making me look much better now bro"
i have it very often than i can feel a sneeze coming, but at the same time i know that it wont happen.

what more often than not helps for me in such a situation, is to breathe in and out of my nose quite heavily. that seems to give some stimulation, basically the same as some tickling inside my nose. and that will most likely trigger the actual sneeze.
is it the cartoon foreshadowing botw or is it botw retroshadowing the cartoon?

wrap your heads around that!
use the luke, Force!
Maybe put cones/barriers directly after filling it up and not after someone drives through it?
why would he blame the workers?

on the highest level, he signed off the project, no?
define "heavy lifting" please! what exactly did/do you do in the gym?
HOW CAN HE LOSE
Thanks for the background! It certainly looks cool
I partly watched the race last Saturday.

Haven't watched in maybe 10 years. I was surprised that the cars were regularly sparking like crazy. At first i thought "there goes the first one" but he continued and others we sparking also. I don't understand why this happens.
For the sake of the argument i would say yes, wooden tools are also fine.

I can't weigh in on the e.coli situation.
am i correct in assuming i only need to file taxes for crypto when i have them paid out into fiat currencies???
pro tip: do not use metal tools in the pan. ONLY (and i repeat: ONLY) plastic or silicon tools.

and dont let stuff get dry and crusty in the pan. if its too hot to put water in, wait a little before you put it in the sink in water, but do it before stuff can get dry and crusty.
english, german, urdu, hindi, some very basic french (to the point where it probably doesnt even count), and an excessive amount of single words from a lot of other languages

html, css (yes i know not a language technically), some c#
currently i'm wearing nike sb check solarsoft.

while not terrible, their regular fit is pretty bad. there were severe pressurepoints. i had to change the lacing (only using every second eyelet) to make them comfortable.

all in all - wont recommend.

before them i had vans oldskool - they were fantastic!
this sucks, but its hardly the drivers fault. have you seen how freakin fast pitstops are in the f1? like 2 or 3 seconds or so when they are quick, including wheelchanges and refueling?

and there is a guy in front of the car with a stick to signal the drivers when he is good to go. the drivers aint turning his head and checking is everything is clear.
i dont have "forbidden" tshirts, but tshirts that if worn outside will make me look like a fool.

its her way to say no, and it works. 
> the urge to keep playing will disappear rapidly.

thats not how gaming is supposed to work ಠ_ಠ
nexus 5x.... reluctantly... but hey, i live in ireland where we have 6 years consumer law. so if anything happens to my device (again), google will give me something else. hopefully not another 5x. lets see.
live humbly, save money.
if there were fewer guns, there would be a lower probability for such thing to happen!

# #banguns
huh, thanks.

the one account thats, like, really important to me is my google account - i just went ahead and saved and printed out backup codes. that should be ok for now.
I KNOW HOW YOU FEEL BRUH
maybe he had to reboot because after being shot his software crashed?
welp... so i guess as long as i have my 5x i want to diable 2fa for at least my google accoung just be safe  :/

but on computers i'm already logged it wont be a problem, right? thats only my work computer anyway (dont have a private computer these days and wont for the foreseeable future), and i'm also logged into google on my wifes phone.
Wait, i have 2fa set up on my 5x

What happens when my 5x bootloops? It doesn't affect logging in on pc or mac, right? 
my wife: "i didnt bear children to have other people raise them"

which i absolutely agree with. my wife will work when both of them go to school. until they are at home/preschool my wife is going to take care of them.
you did more in 6 months than i managed in 1 year.

what good habits would that be?
i'm dieting and lifting for nearly a year now and i'm not really seeing any progress :/

i lost nearly 10 kg, but its not something i can see on my belly or muscles (only on my face), only on the scale :(
did you live off of smoothies or was there more to it? :D

congratulations!
at the time?

what game surpassed its budget?
i'd be happy with your "before" body haha ^^
in europe, there are 2 different kind of warranties. one you have with the manufacturer of a product (usually 1 year), one you have with the dealer you bought from (2 years as per european law).

the manufacturer-warranty covers defects that occur after using the product as intended.

the dealer-warranty covers defects that were there from the very beginning. its legal blah-blah. 

the bootloop is the latter - since its a manufacturing error (and therefore existent from day 1).

again, its legal blah-blah and doesnt really makes sense.

you will need to contact the seller you bought from.
Yeah i work in she sales in a German team.

A colleague applied for a German tech support team manager role, since he used to work in support and he has been assistant manager in our team for quite some time. He is qualified.

Who gets the job for the German tech support team? 

Some random Irish guy who doesn't speak a word of German and who had less leadership experience.

Nepotism is real here in Ireland. Virtually all "higher" positions are in Irish hands.
That... Is terrifying a doesn't look much better than someone chipping bone away with a chisel.
i suspected this as well

but lets not draw premature conclusions, maybe he is the most dedicated dude ever - OP, did you juice?
release them in fuckin ireland you jerks. you save your stupid dollars here so have the fuckin courtesy to give irish folks your newest products
did they literally chip away pieces of your jawbone?
ha, thats actually a good one
I agree. It's quite literally a shitty situation. I don't think there is any correct solution to this dilemma.
i mean... what was the customer gonna do? carry his diarrhea filled pants/underwear out of the restaurant?
i would have found it funnier  if it said "some naked boiiiii with a stick"

:D
in america? is he homeless now? (inb4 "yes he is his house burned down" ya ya ya i know)
i work for a very big company (we probably designed your phone), and then-boss actually did call the latest reference i gave.
for me, its basically my normal clothing (blue jeans, sneakers/boots), but on top with a button-up shirt of any kind (instead of a hoodie or tshirt that i usually wear)
> And that is why in general martial arts films are crap because of it.


watch blood and bone with michael j. white! its one of the more "realistic" martial art movies if i recall correctly
i guess i'm a nerd to some extend. but why would i want to "fix" this? there is nothing to fix.
hell no lol

i appreciate that my wife went through this twice.
when a toy fell down from the table my daughter was playing at, and i picked it up and gave it back to her and she said "good boy daddy"
sounds freakish
wash 2-3 times with shampoo and conditioner a week.

barber ever 2 months.

for styling i use different products. i have a clay, which i dont use a lot these days. my main product is a cream these days, and when i have it, i use a waterbased pomade. i style a slickback with those products, have an undercut with long hair on top.
well for you i hope that you were in fact wearing them when she sat on them  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
18 inch of snow is really not much?!
the designer decides "when the player presses button X in situation Y, Z should happen"

the programmer then writes the code to do enable just that.

another analogy would be an architect (the designer) and the construction company (the programmer)

the architects creates the blueprint drawing of a building, which are kinda like an instruction on how to build a building. the construction company then takes these blueprints and uses them to actually build the building, according to the architects (designers) specifications.
because there is a reason the baby is crying.

either it is hungry, has some kind of pain or pooped.

if it wasnt annoying, we probably wouldnt think much of it. but since it is, i go look for the reason and try to fix the issue so the baby doesnt cry anymore.
space knows no limits when escalating hard
i think he got "lucky" because it seems like he got hit by the board. i dont think he would be standing if the truck hit his head...
How do you remember those password, or how/where do you store them?
I remember seeing a video couple years ago where someone compared ps4 loading speeds with hdd and ssd, and the ssd would actually be slower for whatever reason. But lately I've been reading otherwise... What is it now?
LOL that was still a thing? i thought this was over years ago.
are you saying that BerniesSurfBoards kid wont be good in school because of screentime?

me and my brother watched a lot of tv back when we were kids. we both turned out well with my brother having a masters in computer science.

that should now surely make you believe that kids who watch a lot of tv in their childhood end up with a decent degree, no?
i'll attend when carlos matos attends
i'd SO love to have a white ps4 pro. but my original black phat ps4 bought on day 1 is still running strong, so i have no reason to buy a new one :<
LOL this country is so disgusting.
when someone asks me that, i usually answer "maybe. it depends."
occasionally? so sometimes they just go serve their times themselves?
why such a quantity of lawyers? would 1 be enough if he is good?
you can get power banks for like 10 bucks that have 2000-3000 mah taht are quite small. not a great solution, but a solution nonetheless.
Awesome, thanks!
that doesnt follow?!

i'm happy paying 13.98 for 2 packs of jerky (or 69.99 for 10 packs), but i'm never paying 15 bucks for shipping.
13.98 for 2 packs isnt far off from 14 for the sake of simplicity, isnt it
wait, what? gief link plx!
jerky for 14 usd, shipping is 15 usd. topkek
/r/gifsthatendtoosoon 
i'm mildly annoyed by the article, because it lists the top 3 best psychopath in the order 1-2-3, instead of 3-2-1. so im reading the list from the bottom up now.
but... one does not simply delete the facebook :(
i dont mind the curved screen, but i'm not going to spend extra money for it.
why would it be unappealing? i wouldnt want to be with a girl who randomly hooks up and hoes around just for funs and lulz.
that actually calmed me down. damn man.
thanks :D
thats incredible!

what did your diet look like?
first world problem etc, but you know that since you chose the correct meme.

anyway, arent there hdmi-hubs?
maybe if the seat of the chair was turned towards him, he could have hit the table away and landed on the seat of the chair with his feet!
and it still looks *sliiiiiiightly* off and creepy. but damn do i want that in games!
thanks! my goal is not to lose weight, but only to loose my belly and build up muscle :( but in the process of losing my belly i'm currently also losing weight, so be it.

i dont care if i weight 100+ kg if thats due to muscle...
sorry i only have those potato pics :P.

going to the gym now 2-3 times a week, doing heavy lifting for around 20-30 minutes and around 10 mins high intensity cardio. also just walking much more than before.

we changed our diet to avoid carbs as much as possible and eat much more protein.

one thing i'm absolutely not happy with is my belly - which seems to be just as big as ever. admittedly my wife measured me the other day - i'm down to a belly circumference of 111 cm. down from 117 cm (down around 2 inches) around a year ago. but at those numbers a mere 6 cm isnt really obvious. i'll just keep going.

/edit:

just to clarify, the change actually happened from last year. from around april 2017 i began to strictly look at the macros i'm eating and we began to eat much more consciously. began to go to the gym regularly etc, started taking protein supplement. to make it to 100 (or more than 100) grams per day.

on the image on the left i'm probably on the max. weight i ever was, which was around 110 kg on average. at times i would hit 115, but 110 was the average for quite some time, and thats why i chose that image.
his hat flew off. which means he ded.

and full source pls, i've never seen the whole video...
i finished the game on ps4. like, it was a good game, but was it really that good? i dont know. it was alright. not sure why it was hyped THAT much frankly.  i'd give it a 7/10 or 8/10. will probably play the sequel when its available for 20/30 euro used.
link?
dude knew he killed him

(not literally, i hope)
what knives does $803.98 get you? genuinely asking, i've no idea what high quality knives cost.
so the cardboard/paper is still in there?
being intelligent and stupid isnt a contradicton
:(
can i just use those blue cooling-packs to coolsculpt myself at home?
keanu reeves is the matrix. we are all inside of him.
Metal, history is damn.
hm installed it. it works, but for every click you do with the volume button, the box slides in again form the side. very janky.
... most likely by her husband, not because she was a woman.
currently with 32gb, its fine. 64 would be plenty and i probably dont need it, cant image what i would do with 128.
been doing this since the beginning of time, but have yet to actually find a promo code that works.
>  I collected 70 insights in 2-3 days and i am really loving it.

wat

how is everyone so good in this game? i didnt even get past the first mob around the fire in my first week.

congrats!
hope i'll be this dad at 48. me daughter will be 19 by then... beard-goals!
um, ok? you had more progress in 6 weeks than i had in 1 year.
my wife asks me to grab stuff from the cabinet that high up quite often. or open the bottle i closed before. and she calls me a hairy chubby bear often... because i'm quite hairy. and chubby.
yeah i'm sure there were rumours about that too. with the story about how the hunter ended up in yharnam in the first place.

wouldnt mind!
2deepirl4meirl
well. americans killed over a million people in the middle east during the war on terror, no repercussions. and now you are angry because the charges against those turkish officers are dropped... double standards anyone?
permanently.

so much infact, in 1 day (of being at work) i text with her more than i text anyone else in an entire year.
a gift thats keeps in giving?
so its just a matter of time....
you go there, sit down, and eat. and in ireland, they even bring you the food to your table if its not available directly.

sounds very much like a restaurant to me.

just because you're a  hipster who doesnt eat at mcdonalds doesnt make it any less of a restaurant.
> Do you still go to shows?

unfortunately, i dont... i live in ireland now in a very big city, but that city is being ignored by all the bands i like :(

a couple of minutes ago i looked for metal concerts here in ireland... today cannibal corpse is coming to dublin :( which is 3-4 hours away. not an option with wife + 2 kids waiting at home >.<'
i hear that a lot, but i cant relate?!

in my young years, i went to a lot of metal concerts (ektomorf, cryptopsy, dew scented, general metal/death metal stuff), never wore earplugs. i dont have any issues, no tinnitus or anything. am i lucky?
everything really. how i dressed. how i behaved. how i had a stupid moustache very early that i didnt shave. how i didnt study in school. how i wasnt more serious about skateboarding. how i didnt even try to act like i want to eat somewhat healthy and stay in shape. how i never went to the gym. how i dropped out of university after 4 semesters.
that cant be legal.
got 6 (paid) weeks as the dad for my son. took all 6 weeks, of course. i'm entitled to another 6 weeks unpaid, but i'm not going to take those.

unfortunately, when my daughter was born 3 years before my son, the 6-week-rule didnt exist. meh. only got 2 weeks then.
if she sues you, call trump. he'll sort you out.
child-unfriendly society, germany.

fucking rent- and insurance-prices, ireland.

corruption, pakistan.
doesnt matter, as long as it goes down to the ground and you pair it with a fedora, you're golden.
reminds me of the coat the character in watch dogs wears. probably not, i didnt look at screenshots, but that instantly came to my mind when i saw the coat.
me and my wife have dumb arguments nearly daily. the important thing is to not be unforgiving about it (i'm more unforgiving and stay saltier longer than my wife does) and to laugh it off. if you can do that, you will be happy.
subscribe to the [langfocus (click me)](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCNhX3WQEkraW3VHPyup8jkQ) channel on youtube. dude makes fantastic videos about languages.
bomberman 64.

dem memories...
that thumbnail looked like boobs
cant you just reboot the US? scrap everything and start over. seriously.
otherwise it would be the US government... whats the difference?
Ok i realize i don't know what it means when a woman speaks of "ED"...
i always do this. when i have a full shopping cart and behind me is a person who only has stuff in his hands, i will offer them to go ahead. why not? other people do the same to me in such a situation.
at this point i'd say its personal preference. i prefer the 5x because the colors are more saturated.

/edit: in some images, anyway...
thats actually hilarious XD
they use fish bladders
i feel dirty now
call the police is what i would do
he gonna wife her, mark my words
what game is this and on what system?

^^^btw ^^^downvote ^^^for ^^^not ^^^mentioning ^^^the ^^^name ^^^in ^^^the ^^^thread ^^^title.
that will only delete posts from your wall, no? facebook will still have your stuff.
impressive! what was your diet and workout-routine?
interesting how everyone seems ok with japan hanging people.

i wonder what would happen if a news arose about saudi arabia decapitating criminals...
wash it less regularly. i usually dont even wash my hair at home anymore, since i go to the gym 1-3 times a week (conditioning every time). thats enough. if i'm not going to the gym for a week? then it 1-2 times a week (no conditioner at home right now).

also i put in a hair cream after showering and towerl drying. my hair cream is actually my main hairstyling product (slickback) right now, but even when i'm not styling (usually at evenings, when i'm not leaving the house anymore after showering), i will put some in because when my hair dries, it kinda gets the electrocuted look where a lot of top-layer hairs will stand up and away. the cream keeps them together.

and i have the feeling that the cream "nourishes" conditions my hair somehow!? not sure if it actually does, but thats what it feels like to me.
with a 2 year old? lol
just my 2 cents: you're way too thin.

either way, for better or worse, thats an impressive feat.
incredible man!

your diet- and exercise routine?
maybe i'm saying this because i'm not in this position, but: if they'd offer me several millions for such a deal, i'm IN. no questions asked,
i dont know either. we can just about stay afloat comfortably, but not save any notable amount of money. 

i hope we'll be able to afford a mortgage when my wife starts working.
either selling or donating.

here where i live, there is a regular baby market where people sell their old used stuff.
that actually looks doable!! i'd love to try this level (if i had a switch, or wiiu or whatever system this game is on)
the lady on rigth be like "omg man, not again...."
so if i offer walt disney enough money, i can have avengers infinity war sent to my home on day 1?
here in ireland we drive extra shitty when gardai is around to trigger them because they drive jerky themselves topkek
or just use the bottom edge of your ear lobe. and if you want them longer, add 1, 2, 3 or howmany ever fingerwidths to it.

/edit: someone else wrote that you shouldnt use your earlobes since they are not necessarily symmetrical. fair enough. 
my wife often does that. 
pull the diaper on the upper thigh so you can have a look inside?

otherwise... when my 1.5 yo poops, he suddenly disappears and there is a strange silence. when he comes back, we will ask him "did you poop??" and he will point to the bathroom and exclaim "OH OH"
for some reason, i would have found it more ergonomic linguistically if you wrote "the number of people driving with their lights off"
kids hit each other. thats part of what they do.

when my 3 (soon 4) year old hits her brother, she just aint not getting her chocolates the next time (tbf her brother doesnt get chocolate either then to not be too cruel to her and to avoid additional drama, but he is 1.5 yo and doesnt really care yet. ), with an explanation why ("you hit your brother. you were naughty, thats why you dont get chocolate this time. we dont hit anyone. be nice next time").
came here to post this question.

+1
this made me chuckle more than i anticipated. have me upvote.
i mean... i just want a nice (read: imovie-like) movie editor for windows :/
i lost faith in humanity for being downvoted, but i gained it back now that it has been upvoted again ^ .^
its from the braille skateboarding youtube channel
what made this image for me is that "no" in is top :D
if i were to play this level today.... would it be easier or harder than back then?
as others said, by that logic you should invert the x-axis as well.

i agree it absolutely makes sense, but it isnt ergonomic.
as long as i have to charge more often than once a week, i'm not interested in the smartwatch concept at all.

i'm already annoyed by having to charge so many things (phone, tablet, ps4 controller) nearly daily.
i was scared all the time, and i havent even played with headphones yet.
tell him that you love him and that you would appreciate if he would call like once a week or a couple times per months, at least once per month, because you miss him.
no no no... its dumb regardless.
you signed up for a job that pays 90$ a month?
very small actually.

- samsung jet s8000 (yes i know, not a smartphone)
- nokia n900
- google nexus s
- google nexus 5
- google nexus 5x
> Trumpjugend

*nazism intensifies*
*2hiirl 4m3inrealL1fe*
not the racing game = no win :(
Only read of kuon before when reading about from software. Not seen a video yet.

But reviews are bad, and it was japan only... Was it even popular? Or why would it "deserve" a sequel?
thanks!

i think there is an item that allows you to kill a colossus instantly, no? or at least that allows you to destroy a weak spot in 1 hit, i believe. can i use that to speedrun the game for the trophy where you need to complete the game in hard in under 5.5 hours or so?

also, is it realistic to beat the game under this time playing "regularly", or do i have to rely on all those skips you see in those sub-2-hours speedrun videos? (like when fighting phaedra, when you jump on his leg and climb him, which i did when i beat him in time trial normal)
the exact 100% same happened to me.

still rather new to the game, being scared of everything, and when i entered cathedral ward, ther eis something creeping to the right. i instinctively press r1 and killed him. dem regrets...
That beautiful Mazda... :(
i mean, if it works better than the american (non-)system, why not?
like, for real?
fear the old blood
i platinumed the game and didnt know this.
yes i have that too. it sometimes stutters hard when i pan around a zoomed in image.
really?

i'm in ireland, and a lot of girls are ear-pieced by the time they are 2 years old, including my 4yo daughter who got ear-pierced at around 2 years.

/edit: oh wait, does the soft, hanging floppy part of the ear count as cartilage?
i bought a xbox 360 controller on amazon once.

they sent me 2 controllers in the box.

this has nothing to do with the root comment, i just wanted to share this.
unless the pan itself is battery- or mains-powered, its not a wireless **electric** crepe maker.
i guess its rate, but i know a couple who actually took their wifes names.
its not really random.

i have a 14 character string which may seem random to anyone, but its not random to me. to which i add a phrase or word which is unique to each website.

so i end up with a 20-25 character password for most websites.
shut the fuck up matthew mcconaughey

190 - 176 = 4 my ass
that was a remarkably good game
awesome, congratulations!

what was your daily/average calorie-deficit?
no offense, but downvote for not putting the games name in the thread title.
progress.

i used to go to the gym many moons ago, but i wasnt really serious, didnt see results, and quit.

this time around, i started around 10 months ago. kept at it and adjusted my diet - basically me and my wife wanted to try keto, which is not possible for us (if only culturally), so we opted for low-carb as much as possible. and i additionally do high-protein (trying to get 100-150 grams per day).

now i used to weight around 100 kg and i have a proud belly, which measured a circumference of 117. the other day, when my wife measured me, the belly was down to 115. my weight is now closer to 90.
i'm genuinely impressed :O
worth it?

##y^e^s^1^0^0^0^%
well, looks like a win-win for everyone involved!
i dont. you dont eat while you sit down to shit and piss on the toilet, even though you could, because thats not what the toilet is for. i dont piss in the shower because that not what the shower is for. also its disgusting.
go to a good barber and treat yourself with a haircut and beardtrim if you sport a beard.
this is a genuinely beautiful car.

but no hatchback :(
a fully specced mazda 6.
Is "the more the better" really the way to go with protein?
Frankly, is rather enter passwords manually just so that i don't forget them. I know every password on every website. They are complex passwords, but i know them because i enter them frequently.
Thank you!
Thanks!
man, its around 5 years ago.

i moved to cologne with my wife, living in an apartment with view to the cathedral, and living 10 minutes by foot away from it. the train station that next to it has a dunkin donuts btw, the only one in germany afaik.

we were exploring the area and found that park inside in a residential block. weather was fantastic, it was summer, so we just lied down and sunbathed.

good times.

now we live in ireland and seeing the sun is a rare occasion here.
i dont have that "one" favourite movie. there are too many good ones.

terminator 2: probably the nuking nightmare scene

shawshank redemption: seriously though, the whole movie.  but maybe the scene when the prison boss shoots himself. stupid jerk.

saving private ryan: d-day scene

watchmen: all the scenes of the inception of mr. manhattan

just a couple movies i can think of right now. i have to say that i dont actually that one favourite scene in any movie. but if you ask, these are scenes that come to mind.
they only expressed concerns?

then i mustn't be so serious

^^^/s
The soldiers appear to stroll down the road pretty chill. Is that what Israeli soldiers do when there is a "violent riot" going on?
>The back of a **volkswagen**?

Ftfy
That's incredibly inefficient, but better than toilet paper
Well, it does for me.
Actually i mostly use simple bar soap or a handwash we have to lubricate. Works perfectly fine.
You're like the assholes at my job.

It's 12 am, a colleague requests an early out for 3pm. Shouldn't be an issue because it's not busy at all. Early out from 3pm is approved... at 4pm.

Turns out the 2 idiots were doing it that day. They keep saying "approval time is 4 hours",  so they simply wait 4 hours after requesting to do their jobs, even if they aren't busy themselves.
I FEEL YA BRO

Same thing on my 2003 Micra... D:<
i mean, like, without steroids, because i aint going down that road...

op, did you take steroids?
thats ok. that only means that you are perfectly normal and that you have a perfectly developed sense of discovery and curiosity :D
is there, genuinely, any skyrim player at all who hasnt experienced this?
yes.

i felt remorse because i couldnt fuck them up harder than i did.
so?

depending on who you ask, the US is a rogue state as well.
dude how do you build them shoulders
how do you spend 91 millions playing golf? can someone explain?
haha, what are the odds
have you backed everything up with google?

if so, you can simply sign into the according google app on ios to get access.

other stuff, like text messages, you must have backed up with a backup-app thats available on both ios and android.
> Brian Urlacher

googled him and for a second i thought that google bugged out and is showing me images of steve ballmer
ok the virgins in here are still giggling about the "sex", but on a serious note: the guy must be dead, no? any source for this video?
beautiful!
havent seen a lot, but 2 bands stood out:

ektomorf (2 or 3 times between 2005-2008 i believe). a band which i really dont like too much from listening to their albums. but live they crush!

cryptopsy, 2006. it was awesome! still with lord worm.

all in my small hometown of bremen in germany.
just 1 week after me moving away for studies, napalm death came to bremen, which i missed :(
> computering game
n^o^w ^^^y^o^u ^^^^^^^d^o^o^o^o^o^o^o^o^o^o^o^
i picture you as the guy who goes to prostitutes while married and expects his wife to be mature enough to understand that it snot about her and that you only wanted physical satisfaction that you couldnt get from your wife at the time for xyz reason lol
It's on YouTube
watch "click" with adam sandler.
holy crap reading this actually made me so sad :(

i've no advice for you, i just hope this somehow has an happy end for you
just to add on it and to be clear: there are a LOT of different keyboard layouts in europe alone!
i call her parents mom/dad, she calls my parents mom/dad. simple.
> I forgot I'm out of shape and can't run more than two minutes.

*silent fistbump*

           ,--.--._
    ------" _, \___)
            / _/____)
            \//(____)
    ------\     (__)
           `-----"

i feel ya bro
I'm shocked that you have to even think about this. Get rid of the dog.
no, just no. they can give it up for adoption if they want it.
currently my vans oldskool. even though they are half a size too big, they are still super comfortable and probably my most favourite shoes i've owned. or at least on the same level than the etnies czar 2 i used to own many moons ago.

/edit: just googled "vans oldskool" and for some reason every picture of actual people wearing them is from people wearing them without socks... that makes me feel uncomfortable.
havent in a long time. not that i dont want to.

but these days i'm trying to avoid sugar/carbs as much as possible. so i wont be eating any anytime soon.

however: cereal is something i'm pretty anal about - it HAS to be branded stuff. i'm 100% confident that branded cereal actually tastes better than off-brand cereal. i dont have this obession for anything else. i'm a cheap guy,  i usually buy the offbrand stuff of nearly all things. 

except cereal. and shoes.
"alive" is what you wanted to say i presume?
when i got interested in music, i started out with cassettes and scatman johns "Ski-Ba-Bop-Ba-Dop-Bop" (had to google the title)
damn.

still probably the best mario game.

or at least the best mario game that still cuts it today.
i mean, there isnt really much you can do, right? there is no point in fighting the kid, he wont give up. so just go with the flow.
we had the same thing with our daughter, soon to be 4. she suddenly refused everything other than smooth purees.

we just gave her the purees. she eventually expressed interest in "normal" food, and now she eats the same thing we eat.
respect man! and i have problems loosing 10 pounds...  D:<
now i'm working out/lifting seriously for around a year now.

for me, i usually dont feel a lot on the day of the workout. on the first day after workout, i can feel soreness. this soreness gets worse on the 2nd day. after the 3rd it seems to wear off.

the harder i lift, the harder the effect hits for me.
i'm way too unforgiving.

when i and wifey have a little fight (less a fight, more a disagreement), she is cool shortly after that, but i stay salty for much longer that i should.
when i try to hug or kiss my wife my 3yo daughter gets inbetween us and says "no no no daddy" and pushes me away, because she wants mommy all to herself <3
u have dem interwebz?
To make it clear, my comment was (trying to be) witty and sarcastic.

While redness is not visible on my southern asian skin, i can feel it getting warm just like white skin when it gets red from scratching.
No it doesn't.

Source: I'm brown and my skin doesn't turn red when i scratch it.
where is that and what do you to when it appears?

is this like a server-side update where fromsoftware enabled this to tease people for shadows die twice?
2 jackie chans, 2 players! makes sense, no?
my nexus s still works today. my nexus 5 still works today. my 5x broke after around 10 months, and i'm on my second device right now.

i'd take the risk i guess.

**IF ONLY** i didnt live in ireland, where google saves their taxdollars, but doesnt have the courtesy to offer irish folks their newest products... the nexus 5 came out in ireland, the 5x also, but not the pixel phones.
:D i have a 4 homescreen setup.
yeah same here, it only worked once for me, now it just shifts all the icons around. and sometimes the icon i flick away jumps to the adjoining homescreen.
[this legend](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vabXXkZjKiw)
>  In a Ponzi scheme a central figure, like Bernie, convinces people to invest with promises of lofty returns.

or like carlos matos.
didnt even consider this. thanks!
https://i.imgur.com/Dr6RAcb.png
i'm living without a computer for 2 years now. the hard drive of my 9 year old (back then) laptop samsung r560 broke.

just one week before i did my first ever full-fledged backup. like a clone of my computer onto an external hard drive. couldnt have timed it better.
noob question: couldnt they jam in 3-4 regular phone batteries in such a battery pack for more capacity?
> Also, these roads are really really badly designed. 

welcome to british and irish streets.
yes.

but i "threw" the icon away, as per what the TIL in this thread is about. and it landed on another icon and it created the folder. after flicking the icon away, my finger wasnt involved anymore.
had the same thought.
how can pretty slim phones come with 3000+ mah batteries, when small flying drones which have pretty huge battery packs only have 2700 mah?
mind = blown

this is fun!

i dont know if that was a glitch, but i threw an icon to the right side of the screen. another icon was there already. upon colliding with the other icon, a folder was created?! couldnt replicate it.
we have 2 kids. we aint got no time to cook on a weekday. dominos it was for us!
i've never played dark souls, but one thing i can share: i know a couple people who played dark souls before. when they saw bloodborne, they were like "damn, i need to play that".

then  i know a couple people like me, who never played dark souls, but started with bloodborne. when we see dark souls, we really dont have an urge to play dark souls. because, visually, it looks like a slower and more boring bloodborne. or rather, bloodborne looks like dark souls on steroids, in the best way possible.
telltale lol

bet they are gonna use their shit engine that they use for all of their games for a new starwars game
i have never used or even installed snapchat. 

am i weird?
maybe due to the cache being deleted when updating?
it was US only, was it not?
this is the correct thread!

get beluk at least, its a very decent and good looking icon pack!
damn you're right. i opened several tabs because there were several threads at once with icon packs :D
LOTS OF LAUGHTERSSSSS
lol idkem
during my life, i had several phases where i would go to the gym. and drop out fairly quickly.

this time around, i started eating better and especially a lot more protein (like 100-150 grams every day, sometimes hitting 200 grams). combining that with the gym, i finally started seeing gains. that keeps me going now.
from my cultural background, i should be at 10/10.

however i'm "only" at 6-7. my wife (from the same cultural background) is only at around 5-6.
i have a full beard.

i let it grow for a month or 2 at times, but when i trim, i trim the beard down to 6mm and the moustache down to 3mm.

at that length there is no problem with foods/drinks. but when it has been growing for some time, it surely can be a bit inconvenient.
i mean, unless you let it sit in a hot pan for 10 minutes and burn, there isnt much you can do wrong here. sear it for  2-5 minutes according to the color you want the steak to have.
there was absolutely nothing wrong with you in the previous pic imo.
the cheapest potential fix is to replace the battery.
i have the same type of belly fat (just by the looks of it, minus the manboobs). 

how did you get rid of it? any special diet? how often did you work out?
beluk is one of the better ones out there. 
this is incredible!

what was your routine, roughly? (nutrition+workout)
not important.

there are a couple interests i and my wife share, but a lot of them are exclusive to either me or my wife.

and thats ok. as long as you can accept that your partner wants to spend time with her/his interests, its alright.
made it a habit to stop the microwave at 0:01 seconds.

this would actually be a gamechanger.
currently i'm using original fishshape by fish soho (hair around 13-14cm (5-5.5inch) long, and growing out)

i believe its local to uk/ireland, so if you're in the US you might not be able to get it.

products alright. its advertised as medium hold, and thats what it is. i can get some sort of slickback just fine, but the hair keeps falling out of place every now and then. i'm fine with that.
if you have a ps4 pro.
i had like  a 12 or 13 inch mini tv in my dorm room. bought the wii the day it came out and way playing games on that thing for 2 years or so xD
is that what those "stunts" are?
i think your wife needs to relax.
savage, but awesome haha
you're not a dad, are you?
I did have frizzy hair. Didnt do anything about it, haha.

Today, i'd use a hair cream.
Continued playing the next day - now it worked! Thanks
i'd rather lie down in my bed clean than go to bed "dirty". its just personal preference. doesnt really make a difference i'd say. i would also wash my hair in the morning every now and then and just blowdry.
i'm an evening-showerer. so when i shower in the evening, i'm not leaving my home anymore for the rest of the day, so for me it wasnt a problem. if you're a morning-showerer, you probably wont be able to do that.
well, first, just let it grow.

i had long hair back in the day, see image (potato image from potato camera)

https://i.imgur.com/IqdWqMz.png

i would wash them 2 times per week. sometimes more often, sometimes less. and only airdry, and brush daily, several times. also when wet and drying.

personally, i never used conditioner. back then i wasnt into hair products. today, i would probably use some type of hair cream.
i ordered a xbox360 controller form amazon in 2008 or so.

the package contained 2 controllers. that was cool.

/edit: wanted to write wife and my 2 kids, but that would be a bit corny wouldnt it.
Meh. Will try tomorrow/weekends. Thanks for the tip!
How do i do that on ps4? Exiting to the menu and reloading will start the whole scene from the beginning.

I've tried 4 times now, it gets stuck there every time.
over half a billion in profits in 24 hours (535 million)

thats an hourly rate of 22.29 million per hour after launch for 24 hours. and who knows for how long that continued after that.
fit people problems - you went from good to great!
x-post to /r/gifsthatendtoosoon 
someone actually wrote this.

others would have taken just the last paragraph and replied with a 50% shortened version of that.
cue wireless charging becoming standard and the port only for data-transfer to computers. that would reduce user-interactions with the port 95%
that literally makes no sense in the context of the feature?! 

i've never seen reviews or anything about the phone, but wouldnt the unique selling point be that selfies have the exact same quality as "rear-facing" images if its captured by the same camera module?
i swear that game is always  on sale. and if its always on sale for free, then its never on sale because it simply is free.
can someone elaborate? how is this faster then ctrl+c and ctrl+v? (living without a computer for 2 years now)
Thanks for letting me know habibi!
Literally the same thing i was about to post before i saw that you posted this
wind waker and twilight princess are actually my 2 favorite zelda games :<
if he could commit *actual* suicide, *that* would be helpful.
> So i heard someone saying that democracy cant work in Pakistan because there are more uneducated people and they can be easily manipulated? Is this true at any extent?

have you heard what happened in america last year?
i'm pakistani and i'm in karachi basically every year for a month.

i've never seen or even heard a shooting. if you stay in the urban areas of karachi there is no more danger than in the average american city.
now bulk and hit the gym :)

what was your nutrition like during these 13 months?
nice!

BUT:
is this like a meme on /r/progresspics that people put the before pics on the right/bottom and the after pics on the left/top?
plot twist: he was controlling the drone himself all the time!
maybe they are just folded down?
pretty sure wer had these prediction in early/mid 2017 about litecoins value by the end of 2017.
i have a nexus 5x.

even going to the app switcher and back to the app you just were in (without going to another app in between) will make an app reload. its infuriating.

reddit is fun has been very good though, it barely reloads.
the only thing holding 99,9% of overweight people back is their own will.
how would he gain weight if there was no caloric intake?
if you did such a diet, but drank a meal replacement shake (with all vitamins and amino acids etc.) every couple days or so, could one pull this off?
this is a good logo. as someone else noted, the R looks kinda off. the left vertical line of the R seems to be thicker then the other parts of the letter.
thats exactly what he means. the line on the left has more distance than the line on the right.

/edit: and the C of circle is closer to the hair than the s on the other side. thats simply due to the shape of the letter. but i think you want to make it visually symmetrical. thats why the google "G" isnt a perfect circle, on the right side it bends in "earler/faster" than on other parts of the G, because it makes it look rounder than it would if it was actually round.
first thing that comes to mind: adobe

you probably dont wanna do that
maybe the top of the S and the bottom of the g should be layer over each other, to make it 100% clear that the top part is supposed to be a g instead of a lower capital o. just a thought that i had.
i'd say that top left, top right and bottom right look very good.

personally, i guess i'd choose bottom right. its compact and gets the point across just as well as the others.
i'd say they picked the right one. its the one where its absolutely clear that there are 2 letters, the P and the S.

only row 1, column 2 and row 3, column 3 manage to get that clear about that.

the last row just seems to be variations of whats being used now.
damn thats actually true

https://i.ytimg.com/vi/6-K_M4i2Bbs/maxresdefault.jpg

https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71gJXpABQXL._SL1172_.jpg
omg just punch his nose
and the name aiden itself?
hehe, "popo" means "butt" in german.
you have the original invoice?

the warrants isnt bound to the purchaser, but to the device.
TIL forza is actually a hot wheels franchise
vidyagaemz and movies
my 3.5 yo daughter would like to have a word with you
i used to have long hair, down to the center of my back.

in preparation of my wedding i got a haircut, short hair. my wife didnt like my long hair.

while i kinda liked my long hair, the convenience of short(er) hair is worth it.

right now i'm growing it out again, but not too long, i want to wear it slicked back to the back of my head with an undercut.
is that the start to an online video somewhere?
he said that whole sentence just like you quoted it? thats.... pretty impressive for a 2.5 year old.
loose weight.

i have lost around 7 kg over the last 9-10 months or so (yeah i know its slow, but i'm not/cant be 100% committed), and i can see it on my face/jawline already. i used to have a noticable double chin. its still there, but greatly reduced.

just do a healthy mix of cardio and resistance training.
bought my wife a foot massager the other day. one that you fill up with hot water and put your foot in. you can set it to vibrate and bubble the water.

we both use it daily these days, it actually feels good and makes your feet comfortably soft and mushy.
as recently proven.
teen years obviously. specifically the school summer holiday season.

spend all day outside with friends skateboarding, play videogames and watching tv until late. no worries. good times.
none. while driving it feels like my FOV is like halfed.
i used to have long hair (down to the middle of my back)

i washed 1-2 times a week. brush every single day. no conditioning, just rather mild shampoo. also air-drying, i never dried my long hair with a towel.
you mean this one? :D

http://www.milliondollarhomepage.com/
i have 2. no regrets at all.

would actually like to have 1 or 2 more. but our current financial and housing situation make it impossible.

we are happy they way things are right now, but if i could, i would love to have 1 or 2 more. wife feels the same.
we can REALLY not pause that online game
it took me several days to kill the living failures
stupid is as stupid does
why am i already cringing just thinking about this
"i dont like it" != "its unpopular"
what did i just read lol
he IS braking, also the driver is not purely focused on whats happening in front of the car to his left at that time. come on. just because the dashcam sees is doesnt mean the driver sees it.
he DOES brake, its pretty noticeable. but he probably didnt expect the moron to swerve into his lane.
no, why would you think that?
Same here. I can rest my chin on my wife's head comfortably, so grabbing things for her is a regular thing
Us only i assume?
the chinese could have probably shaved off 1 year from that time.
yeah i read the article. 

my point was that this should probably be xposted to /r/titlegore :D
ah, Shantanu Narayen, the brown yellow bastard
so there were 12 patients, she identified 11 of them as parkinsons-suffering, 1 as not suffering from the disease.

but when later (without her smelling?) the 12th patient was diagnosed with parkinsons, its credited to her also? does that make sense?

her record seems to be 11/12.
> No they aren't. I used to be one, I know a ton of them. Military and civilian. You're blowing shit so out of proportion to try and prove an already fallacious argument.

hhmm, i think i've seen that before... muslims can relate. feels bad, no?
what trailer? i missed it :O
yeah, can 100% relate. works in sales/customer service.

some people are incredible jerks who want to make ME responsible for something someone else in the organisation did wrong. since we are the one you can connect to the quickest (since we are sales)

but we, in our team, are pretty resilient now. if the customer is a jerk to us, he gets a couple warnings, if he continues, we just hang up. 
really? i've never used it, but suavecito seems to be the most despised hair styling product for a lot of youtubers. that do reviews.
use high shine pomade? or simply cheap gel? maybe a cream if you want "loose" hair.
make him play [Lightbot 2.0](https://www.kongregate.com/games/Coolio_Niato/lighbot-2-0)

maybe it will get him into programming

/edit: oh ok you mean actual online multiplayer games. lightbot is "just" a singleplayer browsergame
>mom was slutty af with me when I went to their home and I was alone with her... 

Elaborate please
machinegames are swedish and the first two names are most likely German. I don't see Germans going to Sweden to be janitors.

The third name though...
> Francisco Franco Bahamonde; 4 December 1892 – 20 November 1975) was a Spanish general who ruled over Spain as a military dictator from 1939, after the Nationalist victory in the Spanish Civil War, until his death in 1975.
use a rice cooker? it will leave a solid layer on the bottom, but not burned. that you'll need to scratch out though.
that channel is great!
> but it just wasn’t the fun kind of difficult.


i agree 100%. the main annoyance i had with the game was that it was difficult for all the wrong reasons. so many small gameplay mechanics that, to me, looked like they were put in just to make the game more difficult and tedious and annoying. there was just "too much" to do while fighting. all i ever was concentrated on while playing was my hand and the controller, trying to remember how to do stuff during battle.

and then the whole skill tree which i found confusing as hell + all that stuff you could do at the shrines... omg just stahp.

i mean i'm sure you can learn it (just look at those youtuber who finish the game in an hour or so), but i really dont want to.
I love bloodborne, but i absolutely disliked nioh :/

/edit: i disliked it so much, i think i only owned for like 3 weeks. gave it a couple chances. managed to kill the first boss. then on the level map, there was a "bonus mission" or "extra mission" or something like that.

i start that - and is starts the exact same mission (the first one) again. that hit the last nail in the coffin. traded it in for wolfenstein 1 the next day.
Awesome man, congratulations!
omg these guys should probably grow up.
/edit: like, i just realized, north korea isnt even in the middle east topkek
well, yes.

as a kid i didnt care that the money is "wasted" here. i play, i go home, and nothing remains.

as an adult? i'm not going to spend money on something that lasts a couple minutes or that i know i'm not going to use anymore in a couple weeks anyway.

if i spend money today on games, my requirements for what i'm getting are much higher than back then as a kid spending coins in the arcade.
north korea obviously
yeah, will definitely do. and maybe even ds3 after that should i enjoy it.
thats cool i guess
there are bikes in zelda? is this modded or legit?
next month there will be dark souls 2 as free psn game.

will i like it after bloodborne? :D would be my first dark souls
novecento in cork city, ireland. their pizzas are incredible. i love their salmon-shrimp-rucola one.

but dont dare to order for delivery, its bad.

other than that.... dominos, because convenience, speed (in good times, 15-20 minutes from order to delivery), and it tastes good.
yeah i think some colin mcrae / dirt games have them
that looks awesome and satisfying.
i mean, in the beginning you can see the traffic lights changing and the camera car and the car in front stopping. when the car in front starts driving, the lights havent changed. so was he driving through red lights?

also, where do they have these horizontal traffic lights?
Played this on the computer browser some time ago. Great little game for 15-20 minutes. (Literally, because thats how long it takes to finish it)
did he take his kids with him when he left the island? if yes, they sure have relatives living today, no? and images of his wife?
this should end with the curb your enthusiasm music
why are you being downvoted? people dont get the reference?
> That lioness is a dick.

no, the lioness *eats* a dick.
that look though. "seriously mom? seriously?"
the hero we need!
those 3 drops of oj at the end make this gif!
the oil that keeps on giving
ah, the classic alpha silverback physique
insurance gonna have a lot of fun processing this claim
NEEDS MORE SMALLNESS
i dont think this qualifies for eli5.

you probably want to post this in /r/iphone 
You're not going to repair that.

Get a replacement screen for a couple bucks, problem solved.
would be a nice return to google phones! the nexus s was a rebranded galaxy s2. which i still have and which works perfectly fine (as opposed the the bootlooping stuff LG put out)
there, samsung just got richer!
why and how did you get that much? i've never heard of such an extremely high raise before

/edit: i mean, congratulations, power to you! but this is unheard of (for me). or were you switched to another job
50% how much (or little) did you earn before?
is there a full clip of conan in haiti somewhere?
Looks or strength, choose one...
never owned a 3ds :/
get him into another karate dojo. one that does shukokai (or any aggressive style) or something similar, not shotokan.

or try muay thai or jeet kune do (thats bruce lees jam)

or get him into bodybuilding. if he gets bigger (literally), he wont have any money to spend on drugs because he will be eating so much good food like chicken/turkey/salmon and drinking those quite expensive protein and creatine supplements etc. and spending  a lot of time in the gym :D
well, i think bale can actually make a real asshole-face, which was needed for the role. dicaprio couldnt have pulled that off back then, i'd think.
wintern lanterns. still havent figured how to fight them.
what that line pointing to? the one that jumps from car to car? at first i thought its highlighting the car closest to the driver, but in the very beginning its not doing that for a short time.
thanks!!

damn its 18 euros for me on the play store.

is it even half as good as the original games?

/edit: i just realized: i wouldnt buy it either way. 18 euros for an android app... hell no.
dude damn, i just remembered how INCREDIBLY fantastic those nintendo ds layton games were!

arent there any successors for any system? smartphones?
yeah, my father bought a ntsc copy (and a ntsc-to-pal-converter adapter) of mortal kombat 1 for the snes for me and brother, then 5 and 6 years old. he had no idea haha.
possibly
menopause, i presume
i'm not even a final fantasy fan nor have i played any of those games, but i had to laugh at this anyway! so please accept my upvote.
i'd go ahead and buy a fully specced mazda3 or hyundai i30
the thing is, this sub is frequented by tech enthusiasts. as an enthusiasts, i approve of and applaud apple for specifically choosing samsung, since they are the best display makers, hands down.
i would praise apples sound decision of going with samsung rather than LG.

even if the reason that google didnt go with samsung is probably money, as a consumer? i dont care.

again, the average consumer doesnt even know or care who built the display inside their phone. you buy  a samsung phone, everything is made by samsung. you buy an apple phone, everything is made by apple.
As a consumer, i don't care if the screen of my Google phone is made by lg or someone else. I blame Google because it's still their product.
i came into this country upon getting a job, earned money, and bought this used 2003 nissan micra in 2014.

end of story.

the car still drives perfectly fine, no issues at all.
when you google "maylee'nah" the image in this post comes up
so is there a live stream somewhere?
wait, isnt that what old hunter queen killer wears?
it were christians who drone-bombed their weddings. it were christians who killed their sons, daughters, wives, husband, fathers and mothers to keep regional superiority. it were christians who overthrew their democratic elected leaders to replace with pro-us dictators. it were christians who created terrorist-groups that were left for dead in countries with a power-vacuum.

and you wonder why so many muslims hate the US?
this is, and i'm not even joking, genuinely the only movie i actually fell asleep to. i found it THAT boring.

maybe i will give it another shot when i'm older.
+1

aint nobody arguing with that, k thx bb
bar soap.

shower gel leaves like a watery layer on your skin so it feels like you're still quite wet. with bar soap, it leaves droplets on your skin that you can shake or scrape off relatively easily.

that being said, i still use shower gel every now and then for the scent.
i enjoy making pizza from scratch.

lately i made energy bars myself, as seen on food wishes on youtube - medjul dates (kinda important), cashews/almonds/walnuts (or your own personal favorite nuts), cocoa powder, oil (i used olive oil), a pinch of salt

blend in a mixer until the whole mass pulls itself together. put baking paper/cling foil in a baking pan. spread out in the pan, so its not too thin or too thick. 

put n fridge for an hour or so.

it tastes heavenly!
just found [this](https://www.gamestop.de/Fan-Artikel/Games/43402/bloodborne-figur-lady-maria-of-the-astral-clocktower-only-online) on the german gamestop store :O 1000 bucks and 15 kg
/r/childfree is leaking, your comment was downvoted. have my upvote.
the people that dont have anything to bitch about wont bitch, you only listen to those with kids who bitch about it, so you think everyone with kids is unhappy? haha
cryptopsy*, skrillex, napalm death.

*with lord worm. no offense to the current singer, he is great too, but i would love to see them with lord worm.
maybe like 2-3 per week, but thats the max. usually like 0-2 per week.
why would anyone even consider installing a 3rd party dialer?
ha, thats nice.

just realized, the german name for "dunkirk" (as the city, and the recent christopher nolan movie) is "dünkirchen", with "kirchen" ~~actually~~ literally meaning "churches"
i'm pretty sure that would be super awkward and trippy.
We still doing full child labour with our 3.5 year old, wonder when she'll notice...

She gets kisses and compliments for doing stuff, so we can probably keep it going for some time :D

>Basically the internet makes me feel like a barbaric animal

Omg why do you care about what the internet thinks?

I'm circumcised and my son is as well. It looks nicer, so that's an upside.


yo chill bruh, that escalated quickly xD
TIL the right joycon has a camera built in
if you drive on a car-road, you gonna be treated like a car.
our screenshots are close enough :D



https://i.imgur.com/5Lp1PeT_d.jpg?maxwidth=640&shape=thumb&fidelity=high
You are correct, he was talking to Gordon about the evidence regarding falcone.!



https://i.imgur.com/5Lp1PeT_d.jpg?maxwidth=640&shape=thumb&fidelity=high
Yeah the bug happened when he is talking to Gordon, not harvey, when you can give evidence about falcone to him. I posted a screenshot to another users reply.
It's a friend of sanic, you know
Du u no da wey de had torned?
Man i did too,  had to upload it now:

https://i.imgur.com/5Lp1PeT_d.jpg?maxwidth=640&shape=thumb&fidelity=high

Ok not really 270 degrees, but looks stupid anyway
oh man i really really enjoy this game.

but it has to be the technically worst game of the last 5 years or so. i mean, virtually everything is scripted scenes, so how they they screw the graphics up so much? the game stutters and the animations are laughably bad.

i was playing yesterday, episode 2 or 3, where bruce wayne is standing and talking to harvey dont on a bridge or something. wayne is leaning against the handrails with his back, but his head was turned around like 270 degrees.

i've never played a telltale game before and i thought they are supposed to be interactive cinematic experiences.  not with those tech issues they are not.
man, why though? i mean i only played the beta on ps4 but it was really fun. the only reason i didnt buy it was because none of my friends owns a ps4 (and i dont have a gaming-able pc)
i really want this game. never played the original game, because i never owned a playstation before the ps4.

i just hope they gonna sell it for 30 euros or so and not for the full 70-75 euro pricetag.
they have. its called hangouts.
dem 7 fingers
das nasan no da wae
sho mi da wei
my daughter was basically the same at that age. she is not 3 and a half and and her speech has severely improved over the last couple months. she is not yet on the level of a lot of the other kids in her preschool class, but her teachers and doctors are not concerned at all.

she has a huge vocabulary of things, and she is starting to say longer and more complex sentences every week.
du u no de wey?
so what, you're still helping her in getting some more sleep. 
ok so you dont have any arguments, and just want to keep the US war-machine rolling to keep the region in unrest, got it.
i clicked on the video. 

then i realized i dont actually give a crap about the story behind the game.
hope you get filthy rich in the future and can shove it down your moms and (i assume now) ex-girlfriends faces!
so you want to preventively bomb every kid in the region because there is a change they might want revenge in the future for what is ultimately US influence generations ago?
always nice to see such level of detail from the gamemaker.

still a repost.
they've been doing that since forever basically. just because your news media doesnt report it doesnt mean it never happened.
wow that drome racers game looks severely underwhelming lol
if he doesnt get bombed before that by an us soldier controlling a drone with a xbox controller thinking he is doing good for the region.
McDonald's always have "free for all" toilets, not "only for customers" like most other restaurants.
personally, i absolutely didnt enjoy nioh. sold it after only a couple weeks.

to me it felt like team ninja wanted to make a more tedious and complicated ds/bb-type game. there are so many small nity-picky gameplay mechanics, which in my opinion, are incredibly annoying and difficult and annoying to learn.
what app do you use to do that?

does it work on non-rooted phones?

/edit: nevermind, its an xposed module... for the uninitiated: it requires root
o hai mark
my blood was already about to boil when i clicked on "comments", haha.
eerr, yes you are right. i actually know that because i get IV's every now and then, haha.


is the flow also "pulling" on the needle?
no third strike? :D
tv shows: king of queens, hands down. closely followed by malcolm in the middle.

movies: i dont actually have one favorite. i wouldnt want to crown 1 "best" movie as such. i like a lot: pulp fiction, inglorious basterds, terminator 2, shawshank, forrest gump, 12 monkeys, die hard 3, american history x, mortal kombat, ghost dog... there are just too many.
haha, i found it out on my first playthrough, but i never used it. its more satisfying to just get up the ladder, and hit the upcoming enemy with a charged r2.
disrespecting pluto like its nothing
why are you being downvoted?
omg who cares about socializing if you have an alpha woman?
its actually not that hard, look up tutorial videos on youtube.
guys.... make 100% sure your replacement screen comes with a frame!

i bought a replacement screen because my kid smashed it on my nexus 7 2nd gen.

get the screen delivered... no freakin frame on it. dayuuuuuum.
the monthly charges should be proportional to the speed you get.

you pay 100 bucks for 100 mbps and only receive 50 mbps on average over a month? you only pay 50 bucks.
haha thanks man!
omg whats this meme though? i think i missed something lately
no smoking, no alcohol, cream on the face after every wash. although my neard makes me look a good bit older, especially when its longer.
what age?

i'm the daddy, my daughter is soon 4, when i'm taking her to the loo, i just take her to the mens toilets and go in a stall with her.
not particularly a morning person, but i tend to wake up naturally between 6 and 7. on weekends i force myself back to sleep for another hour or two or so.
i have a nissan micra.

in the city i live in, its a relief. but the car is actually too small for us, a family of 2 grown ups and 2 kids.

quality wise and in regards of reliability, i can confidently give this car (a 2003 micra) 10 out of 10. i bought it in 2014, never had any headaches with it at all.

/edit: a couple months ago there was a howling noise that would come up when i accelerated to medium speeds. turned out it was the wheel bearings on the rear tyres. apparently they still were the original ones from 2003. replacing them was like 50 bucks, so whatever.
i can do both, although it feels a bit more natural with the right eye.

regarding your question... i have no idea, never paid attention.
> Steven W Thrasher

name checks out
mazda win! gotta love their cars
yeah mr. scientist, enlighten us.

they said "most accurate", not "accurate".
the best part is, thats its salted. yummy.

we even use it when making brownies or anything sweet.
toilet paper.

the cheap ones, like, basically dissolve when wet. the thicker 4 ply ones are just more sturdy. worth every penny.
what bugs me is that the screen is smaller :/
I never drank beer, but if it tastes the way it smells... yuck.

Downvotes incoming in 3, 2, 1...
its just a little metal mesh inside the tap, just before the water exits it. its called faucet aerator.
marriage, baby, sure, we do that too.

birthday and kids fundraiser? i mean come on.
so wee need to modify ourselves with those proteins to enable cryo-sleep, got it!
move the comma 1 position to the right and we have a deal!
neither. sprays are the way to go.
mancave and kitchen.


and if money was really of no concern, then also the gym room.
by renting out their bodies
feels bad to be put in one pot, no? 
because the majority cant use titanium backup, duh
thats really! we dont have that, but i have like 6 people in my immediate family (including me) that have their birthday in march.

even after 31 years thats confuses me.
ketchup, mustard, sweet chili sauce. also hot chili sauce.
man, after the pixel debacle this thing starts to look really attractive... btu i assume the price will be close to 1000 bucks?!
the thing is, is would rarely use them. BUT, if i watch a video or something or play a game at home without headphones, it would be fantastic.
i recently thought that i lost my earphone tips for good (i lose them frequently because the one on the right is pretty lose), so i ordered foam tips from ebay. found the lost one though later that day, but i'm still excited for the foam ones.
why are the dudes on the background helicopter stuttering down? is this a videogame where background object have less detail?
woooooohooooooooooooooo
well i have 2 kids so it would be awkward if they didnt call me daddy... so yeah, i love it.

but in a fetish/sexual kind of way? no.
or, you know, just use the n64 layout and you'll be able to use it with every system...
ok admit it, you dont actually know what pakistan is, right?
hit the gym, like, yesterday. take care of your diet.
me gusta this explanation!
I don't have battery issues ever since I'm on 8.1

However, since yesterday when i got the January security update, multitasking is even more of a pain than it was before. Now usually simply going to the homescreen and back will make an app reload.
knighthood. the second most useless thing after donald trump.
> Akshay Kumar

the actual fuck is there a bollywood movie that this good looking dude is not in?!

https://media.tenor.com/images/2e19b4574d0b06af7396a032f05a8ed8/tenor.gif
FYI, ITS FUCKING RAW
your family is suffering but the reason you cancel is to save the dog smh
can someone please make a TL;DS?
No you didn't, that meme is around for quite some time. You just recreated it.
Meanwhile, my bank still doesn't support android pay
its ok to shit yourself. we did too. it doesnt matter how many tips and tricks you get from people, you'll be scared. you will be more careful than you need to be. and its alright.

all i can say is, that if a number 2 is planned: you will be so much more relaxed with no. 2.
mcdonalds. its always available and always acceptable.

we usually go somewhere else, but hey, when we dont have time or dont know where to go? mcdonalds it is.
ok srsly.. whats the "midriff"?

not gonna google that now at work.
time. time worked.

our daughter was a terrible sleeper, waking up at night and sometimes crying and screaming for an hour or 2.

i dont even know when, but it just stopped some time.
i actually just googled "no normal kid" because i thought thats what the meme is called :<
piledriver through a glass table and finish her off with a sharpshooter
i suppose thats a pretty darn good testimony to the game?!
why is this meme with that kid holding something so hilarious lel
u a gud dood
why?
i mean, this sis in-game, but it is scripted. how does something like this get through quality control? didnt the animator see that he is messing it up like?
is she was 2, 3, 4 years old... i guess it would be alright to leave them with grandma for some time.

at this age, at <1 year? naah, i wouldnt do it.
Then your like 150% faster than i was
I think I'm good with "rounded corner"
nexus 5. was like the complete package.
thats not what the hedgehog dilemma is

how was this upvoted to anything more than 5+?
mfw i dont even know what "in a major key" means :/
water and body lotion.
on the 1st of october? meh

^^^^/s

^^^^but ^^^^seriously, ^^^^the ^^^^english ^^^^date-system ^^^^is ^^^^retarded
cheap out and do all 3.

save, copy save to external drive. do ending one. restore save. do ending 2. restore save. do ending 3.

aint nobody got time to play through a game 3 times :<
so... how does the 630 perform?
somewhat related video:

[The Ingenious Design of the Aluminum Beverage Can](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hUhisi2FBuw)

i posted this as a standalone post here but it was removed.
somewhat related video:

[The Ingenious Design of the Aluminum Beverage Can
](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hUhisi2FBuw)
dayuum thats a good eli5 right there
the hair has its own direction. my hairs grow form my left side so my right side.

when they're shorter, its actually pretty nice to style them in the opposite direction. gives good natural volume (because the hair is resisting the product trying to hold it down against its direction of growth).

now that my hair is longer it just dosnt work well for me.
shoes, socks, gym membership. gym membership so he can shower.
i'm 31, married, 2 kids, 40h/week job. i still play videogames regularly. especially in the evening when the kids are asleep and me and wifey dont have any tv show to watch that evening.
no. i'd rather see a girl with natural small boobs than big silicone ones.
you cant change that.

i wouldnt tolerate my wife casually hanging out with one specific other guy all the time. thats just how it is.

why the hell are you hugging him? unless you're his sister, mom or wife, you dont really have a reason to hug a married man.

i mean that might just be me, but i would feel incredibly awkward if another woman would be hugging me in front of my wife.

realize that you might be destroying their relationship. i assume you dont wanna be that girl.
> Open the window and risk the screen deflecting the piss back on you? The sink? The bathtub?

you have downs or something? just go the to friggin toilet.
seriously hitting the gym properly.
i would go 1-2 years between cuts. then for a couple yearsi would just cut my hair myself. sometimes just buzzcut-like, sometimes i would give myself an undercut with pretty long hair on top.

but recently i went to a barbershop where a lady cut my hair really well. gonna go there again, would be around 2-3 months from the last time.
we have a couple here in the company.

its a nice device for sure. but i cant consider paying 800+ on a phone. and even 800 would a  incredibly hard decision, which i have yet to take.
more than i should be, but not so much that i cant live without it.
i believe in the earlier days, you would extend your hand towards another person to show them that you dont have a weapon in your hand.
at first i was like "eeeerrr ok a 12 month old wants 4 friends over? i dont think so"

then i realised you might be saying "12 male"...
its not like they'll notice when they count their moniez
high heels.

what gives?
we used to have a bubble tea shop here and we loved it :D 
i've never taken sick days just because i didnt want to work.

i just had 1 week off due to actually being sick.

i COULD take 3 days off without a doctors certificate, but why would i?
how does it work? handbrake + fwd burnout + steering?
I mean, everyone has a hitler mii on his Nintendo device, right? Right?
works perfectly fine on my nexus 5x.
due to the pixelation i have on 1080p i genuinely thought he is playing some VR game and instead of actually racing cars he is playing a remote control cars racing simulator. only after he stood up i noticed that its not a video of a game but reality.
puh man i nearly forgot that! thanks!
fiat currency. i dont expect cryptos to become an everyday payment method anytime soon.

if it does, great. but i dont think so.
not a huge fan or anything, but they have a couple nice songs.
https://www.metal-archives.com/bands/Sin-Eater/36927

there you go fam
we were tidying up our living room and there was a office chair in front of the tv (where i sit when i play on the playstation).  otherwise the chair is on the wall on the opposite side.

so i grabbed the chair and tossed it towards the wall, not noticing my 15 months old randomly standing in the line of fire inconveniently.

i slammed the chair in his face.
i'm on my second device right now. the thing is, here in ireland we have 6 years consumer law. so i will get either a new device or a refund if anything happens within 6 years. and the boot loop is a consumer law issue. so i'm not even mad. as far as i know, google is apparently out of replacement devices, so i hope for a pixel/pixel 2 or a full refund should my 5x bootloop again.

apart from that though, i have very nice a pretty decent experience with my 5x, as in with the device itself (software/performance wise)
> phantom touches when using on charging

i had that on my nexus 5x with the included charger form LG. bought the travel charger from google some time later, and that problem went away.
just another reason to check out all the bane-scenes from the movie again on youtube.
Osama/al qaeda never were a threat to America. America and it's economically motivated influences to the area are a substantially bigger threat to the middle East than some rogue mercenaries are to America. But since 1 American Life is worth more than thousands of middle easterners, there is this big boohoo you see on the American news channels.
Huh? Motion stills work perfectly on my 5x?! 
Do it like the Asians do and use water. Wiping only will never get it clean.
Is that like a no comply ollie? xD
Single bed apt with a futon/mobile bed?
I used to feed our neighbours fishes when i was a kid.

For some time i drink protein diet shakes. The one from bulk powders i have smells like that freaking fish fodder i handled as a child. Thankfully only in dry powder form, when mixed with water the smell goes away.
a bit mor jpeg pl0x!
- insert i-screwed-up-black-kid meme here
omg i still havent seen that movie
optical camouflage incoming?
i dont know if thats even the case here but your post sounds eloquent, plausible and knowledgable so i will believe it.
yeah i do quite often.

but reddit and youtube are too intriguing :/
whats the science behind this?
they probably didnt have mainboards with 16gb chips anymore, or its simply a mistake.

either way, be happy.
the true concern is always in the comments
certainly not the way the foodbeast channel on youtube tries to sell you.
yeah it confused me also until i read the article.

they should have added a "got" there before the "paid".
eerrrr.... is that a security hole for lastpass in general?

just a couple days ago i put all the important information i have regarding cryptocurrencies (all these logins to exchanges, wallet stuff etc.) in my lastpass online account in case i forget anything.

for authenticator i use googles.
mentality, appearance, sociability, education, career
vans and etnies have some classy looking shoes. but also some that scream "IM A SKATER" to the point where its kinda embarrasing.
> Within the first 8 months I shed 75 lbs

how? i'm going to the gym for like 6-7 months now and restrict myself to 1600 calories per day, and i've lost like 11 pounds max. visually its not really making a difference.

i'm not about losing weight, not at all, but only about loosing belly fat.
Shadows die twice.
last year we were 3.

now we are 4. it can be exhausting because the little one really doesnt like to sleep unless he kept us awake for 3-4 hours every night.

i also started going to the gym regularly.
unless it fell off the counter top to the ground, you dont need to wash it off.
sitting the fuck down.

if my workplace has taught me anything, its that guys WILL miss.
yeah same here. undercut with the hair on top long (and still growing out)

i slick myhair back/ slightly to my right with waterbased pomade or clay.
cooking. not even something elaborate - learn easy pasta dishes that you can make with vegetables/chicken/prawns or whatever. they are simple and made quickly.
he is the batman!
sorry for your loss :/

i mean, do these people know your husband died?
wishing a happy birthday or finding the birthday celebration unbearable?
i was on betaferon for several years.

for the last 4 years, i had one relapse per year that were treated with steroids, and a couple others which i ignored because they didnt bother me too much in my everyday life.

this year, just around 9-10 months ago, i was switched over to tecfidera. and its a relief! no more stupid injections.

since i'm on tecfidera, i did not have a relapse and i feel much better overall. i used to get a lazy leg within 5 minutes of working out on the bycicle machine in the gym or running on the treadmill. now i can go much much further, i havent found the point yet to where my leg gets immobile. that being said i still laid off the bicycle and treadmill and only do the rowing machine in the gym because it seems to be the better full-body-workout anyway.

i also didnt have any sideeffects whatsoever.

not sure if thats a sideeffect of the tecfidera, but i'm on a 1600 calories/day diet for 6 months now, and i usually manage to stay under 1600 cals per day, but not every single day. but still i havent really lost a notable amount of weight, which is annoying.
i've never heard of MS being connected with difficult weight gain?! would certainly be new to me.

how much do you eat? gaining weight is normally a simple process: take in more calories than you burn every day. try not to gain weight by eating excessive amounts of snickers or so. gain weight by eating good stuff or things like protein shakes.

also, working out helps. building muscles will make you gain weight.
i have an older one hanging in the closet that i havent worn (?) in 2 years or so, since i bought my leather jacket.

since then when its cold i just wear a hoodie with fingerless gloves with the jacket.
only one alltime favorite: cool water

i have a couple others but they arent permanent. currently a hugo boss one that my wife bought me. and 2 adidas ones that were on sale for half price because the boxes were damaged. one for home and one for my gym bag.
never had a playstation, but a friend had and we played a demo disc that had destruction derby on it.

and it wasnt a pizza hut demo disc back then pizza hut didnt exist in germany.
trunks when out and about (like work), boxers at home.
turning 18 doesnt mean turning into an adult. 

adulthood comes whenever it comes. sometimes earlier, sometimes later. there may very well be another 10 years until you can say "i'm an adult now". maybe you're already adult, no one here can assess that.
oh ok, wasnt aware. i understood that the "android." ones are stock android/google apps.
just yesterday i was playing tigerball. i went to the homescreen (for whatever reason, might as well have been an accident). then i pressed the multitask button and returned to the game.

it had to reload.

like, seriously.
i wish my 3yo would do that. she always encourages me to go faster by saying "faster, faster!!" everytime i accelerate :D :(
not investing in litecoin at the beginning of the year.

although these kind of things are always stupid in hindsight.
> adb shell pm uninstall --user 0 com.amazon.parentalcontrols
> 
> adb shell pm uninstall --user 0 com.android.calendar
> 
> adb shell pm uninstall --user 0 com.android.email
> 
> adb shell pm uninstall --user 0 com.android.music
> 
> adb shell pm uninstall --user 0 com.android.contacts

guys, make sure you actually want to remove those before running the file. personally, i always want those on every device i have.

the first one, parentalcontrols, might be interesting for folks whose kids use the device as well.
that actually looks pretty cool
Why tough? I'm not into it too much, so i don't know why people make fun of bcash
Most times i try to access kraken it gives me error 502.
I mean, the thing is, why would anyone sell anyway when it's going down? Like, if you absolutely need the money, you shouldn't have invested in the first place i guess.

For the others... Why sell for a loss? There is always a chance of the price recovering/skyrocketing after a crash. So, just hodl.
relax, i didnt even know about litecoin when it was 8$
that sucks man.

i hope this is just a christmas/new year phase and that it will recover nicely in a couple weeks.
i would be selling at a loss now so i might as well hodl
>send your coins 

Ok i think you where the confusion was. I thought tokens are something different than coins. So the tokens i got are the same as coins, as in bitcoin, litecoin etc?


Naga token = nagacoin ?
so ltc to the moon again?
it just arrived on my binance wallet., with currently sitting at 5/6 confirms

btw the transaction tracker on coinbase appeared after like 1,5 hours
i transferred bitcoin to binance over an hour ago. its still at "0 confirmations".

what the hell is going on?
maybe 3.58x ?
6.30 alarm goes off, i wake up

6.40-6.45 i get up, go to bathroom. toilet, cleaning myself up, brushing teeth etc. getting out of bathroom, deodorant, eau de toilette

7.00-7.10 i get dressed, i style my hair. i dont do that every single day, sometimes i look a bit like a bum at work. whatever. sometimes when i feel fancy i will do streching after getting out of the bathroom and before getting dressed.

7.10-7.15 i may or may not have breakfast. usually is consists of a diet protein shake and sitting down and doing nothing really. looking into my phone, reddit, facebook, whatever. if i'm not in the mood for the shake, i sometimes will get porridge with honey, cinnamon and almonds from one of the canteens at work.

7.15-7.25 i go out for work
yes i got them this morning on myetherwallet.com

BUT

what now? what do i do with them? they dont appear to have any monetary value according to myetherwallet

what a token anyway lol i'm a noob :(
she is a fantastic mother to our 2 kids

she eats a lot and enjoys it without being fat (which is something i cant really about myself (the part about being fat, that is))

she is the financially sane one in our relationship and keeps me in check in that regard

very empathic

family guy (or gal, rather)

she considers my family hers (and i considers hers mine) and treats them accordingly

honest and loyal
technically yes, not really no.

i tried android beam once (i believe when i got my nexus 5x to transfer data from my nexus 5), but it was so painfully slow i stopped after a couple minutes and just did the online backup restore.
not gonna lie, always thought the a-series phones are low-end devices. this one seems to be pretty high-end alright.
the history of modern pakistan :(
america. land of the pay-or-die.
why would anyone think that jesus was white in the first place? also, why does it matter?
What if your want to sell/trade crypto you have on a paper wallet?
Everything went better than expected
RemindMe! 1 year "was it really not bloodborne 2?"
when do you go to sleep?

could it be because they offer 3 times more speakers than google?
i dont go often, like 2 times a week. sometimes 3 times.

i do both strength and cardio. my cardio consists of rowing for 10-15 minutes pretty hard. sometimes more, sometimes less, depending on how i feel.

strength i usually seperate front/top of the body on one day and back/bottom body on the other day.

but mostly i do a full body workout.
+1

what the hell
> exotic hydrocarbon fuels like CNG

im in pakistan frequently.

CNG is the most popular type of fuel there. does cng literally run in the same engine that uses gasoline? CNG-enabled cars (in pakistan) have tanks in the trunk where the cng is pumped in as a gas (i assume?).  is it liquified when transferred to the engine? is there any modification done compared to stock gasoline engines?
i was about to give a similar example, but going to 1 hour to make the point clearer (since the record is like 22 minutes or so i believe)
fiat currencies arent going anywhere anytime soon.

i absolutely believe that cryptocurrencies are the future, but i also believe we aint gonna get that future in our lifetimes, or in our childrens lifetimes for that matter.

for certain people, the incentive to keep the current established currency-system alive it very high. and they will fight against cryptos.

so for today, getting yourself paid out in usd/eur/whatever is still a very valid and probably clever thing to do.
it runs slower only when the system doesnt manage space for itself properly.

ram is there to be used. if you keep it free all the time, you might as well have less ram.
dont move the screen on an ios device while loading a website, because it simple stops rendering anything while the screen is moving!
Well i think natively it shows you that there is something. But tesla unread also shows you how many notifications exactly.
That was it for me. All the extra scroll animations are very meh. But tesla unread alone was totally worth it.
I hope it hits 10k in.... Well anytime in my lifetime.
as long as investigating, buying and securely holding cryptocurrency (without confusing the hell our of yourself and not trying to loose any important codes/passwords) stays as much of a pain in the ass as it it right now, nothing will change about it. it will always be a niche-gamble-thing.
stopping the washing machine every 15 minutes, taking stuff out, shaking it loose and putting it back in?


aint nobody got time fo dat man
if you think its gonna go down much more, i guess sell now and reinvest when its going up again.
piledriver and finish off with a sharpshooter

that should teach him
winter lanterns. screw them.
thanks man, i nearly forgot!
> and his standup stuff is similarly forced and over-exaggerated.


every american stand-up i've seen is forced and over-exaggerated to the max anyway.
i dont think i even ever had an aim account. i used to be on icq and irc back then.
he looked really good in 1984 as shown on the image on the linked wiki article. should have stopped there.
oh well. then i might have tinnitus.
tinnitus is permanent, no? this phenomenon appears out of nothing and goes away quite quickly after a minute or so (for me anyway)
the real question here: you drink form (paper?) cups at home???
bought my first 2 at 50, then several more alter on. the last onesyesterday at 213 or something.

my dream: it goes off like bitcoin and hits 10k one day. will then sell for a couple annual salaries.

btw does anyone know: do you have to pay taxes on profits from cryptos?
why would you sell at a dip anyway?
are you sure you want that?

one kid puking is bad enough, but 2 or more kids puking at the same time? i mean, pick your poison. one is clearly better than the other.

that said my 2 kids were sick at the same time through last week -.-
has the US ever been a peace broker really?
both our kids are pretty bad sleepers as well. not nightly wakers (anymore), but they used to be. what helped for our daughter was to just put her to sleep an our earlier.

maybe try changing the sleep-schedule a bit, a bit earlier or later and see if that maybe makes a difference? less or more milk before sleep?
still playing it. its really good, but one things annoys me a lot. i'm a guy who usually wants to finish games 100%.

but this game? i really doubt i'll ever do that. there are SO MANY sidequests and stuff to do, its nearly annoying. so for now i just play the storyline.

does anyone know: once i finish the storyline, can i return to complete all the sidequests i didnt do before? or will those sidequests disappear?
the black turok 2 cartridge is pretty neat too. at least the game was good.
wow, an actual TIL! take the upvote.
- thin bezels (dont have to be super thin)

- dual frontfiring speakers

- headphone jack (not super essential, but would certainly be a huge plus)

- usb-c

- rear centered fingerprint sensor

- 64gb

- high-end specs (obviously)

- googles nexus/pixel cameras
i wasnt even drunk, and i was looking at the launch screen of wolfenstein: the new order for like 1 minute. it tells you to not turn off the console when that logo appears. i thought its loading and will continue by itself when its done. it doesnt. you have to press x and then it continues.
so i am more alive after drinking a glass or lemon/orange juice?
sounds like storytime?
i cry a little inside when i see images like that. what great times these were.
Yeah that's the level i started the runs with, and I would simply restart the run if it took too long.
both coinbase and bitfinex are down right now. conspiracy?
how are they single cells?

the enemies look like silverfish with flexible bodies. maybe my understanding of "single cell organism" is wrong, but wouldnt that be "solid" circle things?!
oh i did totale the car. phrasing. with "i believe" i was referring to the age of the car, that it was from the 80s (i believe :D )

it was a late 80s / early 90s 626.

it looked like [this](https://s1.cdn.autoevolution.com/images/gallery/MAZDA-626--Mk-3--Sedan-923_5.jpg)
RemindMe! 1 year

lets see man, lets see...
yes, i am an idiot sandwich. bought my first 2 at 50. and then nothing until is was 100+ :(
 the russians trolled the americans and its hilarious
My father always owned mazda. A 626 from the 80s i believe which i totaled.

Then a 2001 626 facelift, the last one called 626 before the renamed them single digit model names. He is still driving that thing today.

He (and i) always had great experience with that car. So as far as I'm concerned, mazda is the best car brand.
not bulk-buying litecoins half a year ago.
yeah i bought 2 when it was at 50. should've poured everything in back then :<
who buys ipads at a gas station? what was the thought process?

"alright lets go in to pay for that gas"

"hey i'll take that snickers as well"

"and that coke also"

"oh yeah, might as well grab that ipad"
"unrealistic"

nissan skyline r34. i find that to be one of the most beautiful cars ever.

realistic: mazda 3. appears to be reliable, looks great, and is the car i hope to buy in the next couple years to replace my '03 micra (which itself is a GREAT car, has been incredibly reliable to me and never let me down)
whats an ELI5?
its only game!
i mean.... isnt that, like, technically, false advertising?
are they any good? have heard a lot about them, but havent watched them yet.
there was a post in google+ from a googler indicating that the OTA is broken for now and will be fixed in the beginning of 2018.
call yourself lucky i guess! my first phone survived also around 1.5 years. i'm on my second phone right now, fingers crossed you dont have to go through that crap!
if history is any indicator, that thing will be dead soon
i kinda feel similar.

its a hassle. i bought 3 different cryptos, and basically need to use 3 different exchanges. so many different wallets. so many logins and passwords to remember/write down. and then they give you passkeys/recovery keys etc etc. to remember/write down, like, holy crap its so freakin annoying.

if thats how its going to be further down the road, i dont see a widespread future for cryptos.
over 9000 certainly
i was actually thinking about putting money on ripple, but was advised against.

whats the deal with ripple and it not gaining any value?
# #screwyoubezos

how dare you make me feel bad for ordering through amazon
lol where does that meme come from though
omg who cares give us stable 60fps at 1080p?
it was clever only in hindsight.
is 8.1 already out and is that the reason my 5x shows my phone to be up to date on 8.0.0?
doesnt work.

searched "cannibal corpse" and only got results of their dvd's and stuff, but no result for ace ventura, where they literally have a scene playing their song "hammer smashed face"

/edit: ok it comes up when you search for "cannibal corpses", because i guess when you look at the cast of the movie they are listed as "thrasher band cannibal corpses".

but then again, when you search for "cannibal corpses" the result lists "cannibal corpse".... its odd.
thanks! never worked for me, and i stopped caring about it.
consumer law in ireland is 6 years for defects of products that were existent by time of delivery of the goods. the bootloop issue exists from the beginning because the soc is defect.
Reflective surface?

The video has been removed
savage
are there (android-) phones that use ufs2.1? are they notably faster than other non-ufs2.1 phones? how do they compare to iphones?
RKO that little shit, how dare she
hope its the same in europe.

that makes me wishful for a pixel/pixel 2 as replacement when my (current, second) 5x dies
played a lot fun ones. from the early days probably mario party.

recent days: bloodborne.

and rocket league, the oldest game i still have on my ps4.
debit card: spend money you have

credit card: spend money you dont have
That's hipster talk
you misspelled home alone
i usually dont.

however in my country of origin, there a couple names that have a pretty bad connotation, which often turns out to be true. if you are called so or so, you are probably from a certain part of the country from a certain socialeconomic circle. and, obviously thats just my experience, its usually pretty accurate.
> When they kill Indians, they are glorious freedom-fighting shahids fighting the good fight.


yeah, so? whats the difference to american troops illegitimately invading nations and coming back as ptsd-suffering war-heroes that deserve movies being made of?
> Don't forget no one forces women to wear headgear, it's their choice. /s

you've obviously never been to pakistan, otherwise you would have skipped that "/s"
mortal kombat trilogy and destruction derby 2... omg good days.

there is bread on at least 2 sides of the hot dog sausage. its a sandwich. move on.
 the real question:

is john kirby collecting royalty payments for every kirby-franchise-product sold?
what i dont get right now:

the price is at 74€ right now.

when i click buy and enter 1 ltc, it suddenly tells me that the price is 78€. 
and with the 3€ fee its 81 total. what gives?
lidl is also international like aldi. i live in ireland and we have aldi and lidl here.
how? lidl is also a chain in germany, one of the biggest competitors of aldi.

/edit: and they are also international
what dips man litecoin is going up.. i'm waiting for a proper dip
that guy looks he could be in those children rhymes videos on youtube lol
well, they are not gambling if they are free.
thanks for your answer! sounds plausible enough for me to not jump on the bcaa-wagon. (currently only supplementing proteins)
> BCAAs (Branched Chain Amino Acids) are very new. People say it stimulates muscle growth, but research suggests the opposite. It actually slows down both growth and loss.

is there a source for that?

every website that sells fitness-supplements has BCAA products. the one i order fron, bulkpowders.ie. has the following description for their pure bcaa-powder:

> BCAA are rapidly becoming one of the most popular sports nutrition products available. It is often used during workouts, or consumed throughout the day, **helping to promote muscle growth** and reduce muscle soreness.
i googled them because i've never heard of them before, if you have those dark ones - they look alright actually.

but nike ones, they all look shite if worn in a non-sporting-activity. because they *look* like runner shoes.
get rid of those runner-shoes. like, right now. or keep them for running/gym-activity.

get some sneakers for casual look, or dress-type shoes or boots.
nothing at all. why would i?
i really cant go to the gym on a full stomach, makes me feel sick when i do cardio.

i try to eat (as in, proper meals) like 2-3 hours before going to the gym. when i'm working and going to the gym after work, i take my shake around 1 hours before hitting the gym. no after-workout-shake on working-days because we eat dinner pretty much directly over very shortly after i get home.

i dont think there a right or wrong to that question, its just up to yourself and how your body handles working out on a full or empty stomach.
crush some peanut butters?
+1

i love going to the gym late evenings after my kids are asleep. no i'm not letting my kids home alone, my wife is there.

but that means i can basically have all the machines for myself and dont need to wait for someone to finish his 2 sets in 30 minutes. and less dicks in the shower afterwards.
thats what i thought first too, haha. the solution is right there and people are concerned about high-tech solutions that mess it up more than fix a problem. which doesnt exist (the problem, that is)
topkek

o wait thats korean
im european and i love cheese, but this stuff... fuck, no.
well, in the image you can clearly see that he is parked.
you cant charge it why its in the phone holder :(

btw is that germany? german autobahnparkplätze often look like this.
yeah, i used to bike to school, and i used to wear shorts with a hoodie (and  a tshirt unter that) to school.
more like wreckoning
>Google on the other hand needed last minute bezel-less displays 

I know I'm being pedantic here, but: they don't buy "bezelless" displays. The panels themselves are bezelless to begin with (since there is no phone around it)

It's the phone surrounding it that needs to be bezelless.
>Edit:  We live in a wireless world

That's the worst arguement imaginable. So do it just because?

 Wireless vs. wired is charging vs. no charging, hence wireless will arguably never be better than wired unless battery tech evolves and you can get 1 year of battery life out of your wireless pair of headphones.
My kid likes it too. A regular slice if untoasted toast with a lot of kerrygold butter.
Don't jinx it man...
Yeah, i don't want to kill my Nexus 5x just yet though...
simple answer: no
they do. just because western media doesnt report it (they have their agenda anyway), doesnt mean its not happening.
sincerely,

everyone
yes. listerine all the way. i'm not a guy who looks at brand names, but with mouthwash, there only listerine for me.
sauce?

my mother took care of an older lady privately, that lady would mouthwash every single day for the last, like, 60 years or so. she had very nice teeth (for an 80 or so year old). and still her original ones.
phillips has a great cheap device that actually cuts the hairs instead of pulling them like most generic nose-hair-trimmer do. which arent even trimmers, but pullers.

i'm talking about this amazing device: [click me](http://imshopping.rediff.com/imgshop/450-450/shopping/pixs/15469/n/nt9110._philips-nt9110-nose-ear-and-eyebrow-hair-trimmer.jpg)
and inside. i dont mean inside the ear-canal, but all these little crevices that the ear has surrounding the actual hole.
NOT ENOUGH JPEG
i'd say the easy answer would be: UEFI is BIOS with a GUI and mouse-support
the mirror is a lie
> horribletestingtechniques.com

i'm mildly disappointed that this page isnt a thing
gta 4 best gta
It's the thought that counts!
thats just a short-term effect though.

if you fight through it, that feeling will fade away.
metabolism or destroying it?
man those professor layton games on nintendo ds were beautiful!
dumpster diving at mcdonalds i guess
* paid loot boxes

i LOVE loot boxes, but only when they are free.
i absolutely agree.

i LOVED the beta, it was so much fun,  but those microtransactions and pay2win shit... i mean i dont have a problem with those things if there isnt too much of it. but in BF2, its just WAY too much. 
15 minutes to wake up, shower, get dressed and grab coffee before you're in your car?
i shower before going to sleep.

wake up at 6:30. leave home at around 7:15.
in that time i go to the loo, brush my teeth, wash my face/hands. style my hair. depending on how messed up it is because of sleeping, i may wet and dry it to make it normal, then style.

 get out of bathroom, drink my morning protein-shake. get dressed, leave home.
hey wow, thats pretty cool.

and you can access the widgets from that popup too!  at least on the calendar app.
> Don't they realize they are going in circles or can't move anymore if they are trying to follow the light?
> 

i believe their brains are too small to comprehend such things. their brains are big enough to make them follow their instincts, but thats about it.
does rain ever come from the clouds very far up?
> Android 8.1 style popup menu 

what exactly is that?
just noticed this, and it bothers me more than it should
maybe there having a fight right now? :D
can the lightning kill you in the game?
my daughter likes to run around with a blanket or really anything on her head, and to pretent she is a ghost or something. sounds normal to me.
what do you mean? are you using RIF or some other client on mobile? you can set it up so that youtube links open up directly in the youtube app instead of the app.
LOL

true -.-
no. yes the characters are originally 3d-rendered, hence the "realistic" look, but the actual ingame characters are 2d-sprites. basically screenshots made from the 3d-models and cut out and placed in the game. have you seen what the snes is capable of in regards of 3d? have a look at starfox.

/edit: or have a look at lylat wars, if you're in europe.

/edit2: crap, lylat wars was star fox 64's name in europe. the european name for the snes star fox was star wing.
it looks really nice, but i really dont want a front home/fingerprint and capacitive buttons :/
hoont those beasts.
> "an incredible 3-d adventure"

technically, thats false advertising is it not
to be fair, he is making it very boldly clear that its only the boxes.

if someone falls for it.... well tough luck.
i'm waiting fot it. i bought around 3 over the last couple weeks, but i'd like to bulk-buy on the next crash.
just for bloodborne? no. for the additional ps+ games you'd get? yes, i'd say so. i play a lot of those so i get my moneys worth out of it, but you need to know that for yourself if those games are any good for you. as of recently they are starting to give away kinda-AAA games as well.
needs more jpeg!
> rich in organic molecules

harvest and breed that shit on earth will ya
unlike smearing shit with toilet paper, is it?
depending on where you ask, you might be 26! i believe in china (or some other asian country), when you are born you are 1, not 0. 
was there a reason to kick you out? were you a (really, really, really) bad kid or something?
whats that meme anyway lol seeing him forever but never knew the source
i hope dude is collecting royalties form nintendo, haha
i'm kinda hyped for the game. i've only played it for a couple minuted, if at all, at a friends house several years back. up until the ps4 i never owned a playstation.

i'll definitely get this game when it comes to the ps4.
lighting and composition.

and i bet some degree of photoshop to smooth the image out a little bit.
yeah as i said, i understood what you meant... i think its funny.
damn i was 20 when i bought it.... :(
but possibly not
> he always does that weird anime run shit

should i get therapy, because i totally knew what you meant with "anime run shit"
> A guy I know named Christopher who writes his name as Xtopher to remove Christ. He's 45. He behaves exactly as you would expect

but now made is cross-topher. which again relates to christ. aaaayyyyyyyyyyyy

So not a real thing.
the hell is gender fluid
Be Russian
An epic moment for manism
fucking savage life hack bro

collaborate with the foodbeast youtube channel and change the life of people!!
the 4th guy he kills... he isnt even aiming at the head.
i hate to agree. buts its true.

the thing is, i've played the beta... and the game was actually fun. but sure you didnt experience the whole scope of the DLC in the beta.
epic game
or rather: HOW CAN IT HIDE

^(reference, in case people forgot: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4akMaeZ0-k)
i wouldnt do it. my father didnt charge me for anything when i was in education. so i am not going to charge my kids for anything. they are my kids after all, not some strangers living in my home that i'm charging money for living there.

when i got older, i did have to pay for my phone bills myself though (i'm a PAYG guy). and stuff like videogames, gadgets in general, shoes etc. anything regarding the home in general that would have to be bought anyway, me being there or not my father paid/pays. thats more than reasonable.

otherwise i would do quite some stuff around the house. like vacuuming, mowing the lawn, general, well, lets call it "janitor stuff" as far as i could do them myself. i was perfectly fine with that, as i consider the house that we lived in (i moved out to another country, my parents are still living there) "my" house. because i will eventually own it. not looking forward to that day :(
reflections. how do they work?
i mean, you could say its misleading, but in reality its not shown to be thinner bezels than they actually are. they put that white reflection on the left and right side to hide the bezels.

if you would photoshop them away, it would look pretty accurate i'd say.
> red eyes in flash photography; the red is the color of the retina in the back of the eye. Flash photography causes you to accidentally image peoples retinas.
> 

my daughter had pretty blue/greenish eyes what she was born.

she is 3.5 years old now and her eyes turned totally brown. a bit disappointed because that blueish/greenish looked really beautiful and for people of our heritage (southern asian) its very rare afaik, but is this normal?
i dont know why but that actually made my laugh :D
how exactly is that patentable in the first place? its just a setting, no? whats the next patent? "puting a newly connecting player in a match that still has slots for players to join"?
so 90-95% dont give a crap?

well, now they know which dogs to breed and which to eject.
1 million dollar fine per 1000 litres leaked anyone?
worked in chatsupport for arguably one of the biggest companies in the world.

we (the agents, that is) could NOT see what the customer is typing. only a "..." in a bubble indicating that he is writing something.
>Being in the vicinity of one is absolutely no fun at all.

you say that like you have experience?

MAN i cant wait to get that card that makes the CPU take over control from you!
yeah, no.

if it wasnt for all the dlc bullcrap, the current battlefront 2 would actually be much better than the old one. you are just an oldskool-hipster, you like the old one because its older, not because its better.
i made 3 orders, at the last one i got a message that it got cancelled and it will be removed from my account in a couple days.

that happened like over a  week ago, but i still have them....  ¯ \_(ツ)_/¯ 
my first one is btc, i have 0.0005 or so.

and now also around 2.8 ltc.
> The game was difficult for me as the AI was always cheating

i remember the first and only time i played tiberian sun.

i start a skirmish game. i try to do something, a minute or so into the game a sky-laser-beam appears and destroys my main building.

uninstalled the game after that.

we "should" not have anything like this for free.

dont get me wrong, i'm not saying sony charging for psn is nice or anything. i'm pissed because the ps4 is my first playstation and psn was (i believe) free on the ps3, so i was happy to get free online with the ps4. but then they announced they are gonna charge money for it. but they are the service provider. if they now want to charge money for it, its their right to do so. if you dont like it, dont use it. vote with your wallet. you're not entitled to it.
although, i guess, hollywood crowns its own movies at the oscars. so literally no value at all.

but at the GOTY awards, its not the game companies themselves that give their own games these awards ,right? so its technically more legitimate than the oscars.
is it even a requirement that game must not be "in development"?

i mean i havent played PUBG (dont have a pc for like 2 years now), but its clear thats its very popular.
man i sold it after a week or so.

after bloodborne nioh just seemed.... off. and difficult for all the wrong reasons, in my opinion.
countless times a day
cant it temporarily go down to 20 or so, so i can bulk-buy them? :< currently only at 2.8
i mean, as long as a person can walk himself and do everything he needs to do himself... why should anyone care?

i understand if someone got so fat that he needs a wheelchair to be mobile that people take issue with that.

but simply having a belly? calm your tits man.
> "You don't know how good you have it until you lose it."

i should think about that the next time i complain that my smartphone is getting slow
everyone keeps saying it uploads to imgur... that actually the least interesting feature to me :D but can it also throw a png/jpg of that on your desktop?

btw i'm just hypothetically asking, i dont have a computer for the last 2 years haha but knowing about that software would be cool for the time i have a computer again
is there a program that makes it like macos does?

you just press a shortcut, mark an area on the screen by clicking and dragging and you'll get a png of that are on the desktop.  or a shortcut for the whole screen thrown as a png on the desktop.
2 seperate, independent earbuds are individually easier to lose than 2 that are connected by a cord.
reminds me of all those stickman-fighting-flash-animations from back in the day :D
thats what /u/mlecz doesnt seem to understand
nope. ***I*** am the best friend of my wife. isnt that what every husband should try to be?
looks more like it could related to  far cry blood dragon kek
looks a bit like the hunter when he becomes a great one
these are usually students or similar doing such stuff as side-jobs to earn extra money.

usually they only get an extremely rudimentary training, if at all. 

they just dont care.
i dont get why "~~try~~ true wireless" is a thing with headphones? does anyone actually want to have 2 seperate independent earbuds in his ears? where one could fall out and you couldnt do anything about it? other than trying to catch it while its falling and only punching it way farther than it would have fallen if you didnt try to catch it?
*and* easier to lose
picked the ps4 over the xb1 because it simply was a better deal when it launched. xb1 still had the kinect which i wasnt interested in.

i actually preferred the exclusives on xb1 like halo or forza.

well, luckily bloodborne came along so i forgot about the xb1 games.
you cant. just dont.

he/she will eventually stop. just take the super gross stuff from his hands. and tell him occasionally to not do it.

our 3yo daughter stopped it herself at some point in time. my 1yo son - we still sometimes wave the finger in front of him saying "Nooooooo" in a funny voice. which makes him laugh and throw away whatever he was in his hands, but he will pick it up again and continue. just like his sister did. its a fight you cant win. whatever.
they took the images down - anyone got a mirror?
just a little though.
isnt there a samsung android/pointandshoot-camera combination? pretty unwieldy like a camera, but a pretty large touchscreen with android on it.
its the chosen one! we found him!
> SAD

SO SAD
just stick to the good channels like chuchu tv, super simple songs, baby big mouth etc.,  and dislike everything else.
why are you being downvoted lol
aveeno... we used that on our daughter when she had eczema :D
i have a beard oil from johnnys chop shop. its alright.

i recently also bought a beard balm, with hemp-extracts. i like it much more, because it smells very manly and is much more satisfying to apply to the beard.
seriously now: what kind of oats do you eat? i assume these instant oat sachets are pretty bad.

what do you buy, how do you prepare it? minus the toppings.
i love to make the following:

- subway-style bread roll

- cream cheese on both sides

- onion slices

- dried dill on both sides

- smoked salmon slices

sometimes modified by adding tomato slices and/or pickle slices
buy some litecoins
gonna try it this evening, i'm at work right now with my phone at 5% and i forgot my usb-c cable at home :<

but finally, i guess!? the previous version looked more like a stupid website wrapper.
LOOK!

a wild true statement appears!
i'm actually hoping for a temporary crash to 1 or 5 bucks or so, so i can bulk buy it 

:<
They only had to do those housewife chores for one day and protested? Man Icelandic women must be demanding

/s
anything that has more than 4 legs.
cryptocurrencies?
surprised no one said bloodborne.

i certainly was, even though not nearly as much as others. but from all the games i've played, probably the most.
do it for a month or two. force yourself to go.

once you start seeing results, you will be triggered.
was the core there to begin with or did it spawn by the pressure that the gas put on the center?
> Huge Jacked Man

topkek, good one
i'm probably gonna wait until me replacement 5x bootloops. and put my bet on the fact that by that time they wont have any nexus 5x anymore to send as replacement and that they'll send pixel/pixel 2. who knows!?

otherwise the oneplus 3t looks sexy as hell, as does the razer phone.
not really. i was kinda hot for buying the pixel2xl, but i couldnt because it not even available here in ireland where google saves its money. at least apple has the courtesy to release every single product they release in ireland.

anyway, i would have bought the pixel2xl. so far i have a 50/50 experience with LG: the red nexus 5 i bought when it was released (in ireland, mind you) is still working perfectly fine today. the 5x bootloped after about 1 year, and i got a replacement within a week or so. for me, i was ready to take the gamble with the 2 xl.
i dont. i just use the device.

yeah apps reload quite often, often even after only going to the homescreen for a second and then back to the app, but whatever, usually its alright.
when i got my replacement, i was ensured that the replacement device has a new 1 year warranty.

did you get a new warranty as well?

i dealt with google since  i bought from the google store
why would samsung sell their best panels to apple? unless they have even better ones lined up for the next generation of galaxy/note devices....!?
this device DOES look quite nice.

but front homebutton and capacitive buttons are a huge turnoff :(
thats pretty damn metal
doze capazitive buttons dough...
the problem is not that this is a pain in the ass to do.

the problem is that google doesnt offer a simple software suite to automate the process.
guys i appreciate your answers!

i just ordered TNO from amazon, because none of the local gameshops have the game anymore. should arrive until wednesday hopefully.
When i posted about it, i got downvoted
Directed by Michael Bay
go with samsung or razer phone or 1+3t.... cant believe i'm saying that :(
creep up on him and give him a tiger uppercut
> They do a great recap at the beginning to TNC.

thank you for this info!
but but but... intel modems suck, no?

like, i dont even know. but people over on macrumours.com are freaking out because apple is considering ditching qualcomm and replacing their modems with intel modems, because they apparently suck balls.
he seems to be a fine dude
i'm sorry, not intended :D
> this best app now for whatsapp stayus whatsapp symbol whatsapp syari whatsapp system update whatsapp syria whatsapp photo sync with phone contact whatsapp contact photo sync sync whatsapp profile picture to contacts whatsapp photo sync contacts all sync in phone book with photos from facebook and whatsapp cómo se instala el whatsapp whatsapp que se puede instalar porque no se puede instalar whatsapp cómo se instala whatsapp whatsapp simple whatsapp sim 2 whatsapp simple personal real time messaging whatsapp simulator whatsapp simpal what s friend for whatsapp whatsapp substratum whatsapp suvichar whatsapp support whatsapp suprabhat good morning images for whatsapp sunday new whatsapp sun 2017 sun 2017 whatsapp whatsapp sim 2 whatsapp simple version whatsapp sim whatsapp similar app whatsapp sickers whatsapp sim 2 whatsapp simple version whatsapp sim whatsapp similar app whatsapp simple personal whatsapp status for sister whatsapp software whatsapp software download whatsapp song status whatsapp sounds notification whatsapp software free download whatsapp song status whatsapp song download whatsapp song whatsapp song video whatsapp song 2017 whatsapp solo 2 whatsapp solo whatsapp mapp solo solo whatsapp sons para whatsapp whatsapp sony xperia whatsapp for sony xperia whatsapp messenger for sony xperia sony smartwatch 2 whatsapp sony xperia whatsapp whatsapp square fit whatsapp square square fit photo app for whatsapp no crop & square for whatsapp square photo editor for whatsapp whatsapp square fit whatsapp square square fit photo app for whatsapp no crop & square for whatsapp square photo editor for whatsapp whatsapp sd card whatsapp sd move whatsapp to sd card whatsapp move to sd card whatsapp to sd card whatsapp sd card move whatsapp to sd card whatsapp move to sd card whatsapp to sd card whatsapp media to sd card move whatsapp data to sd card whatsapp download in sd card whatsapp in sd card whatsapp download in sd card move whatsapp to sd card whatsapp move to sd card whatsapp media to sd card move whatsapp data to sd card whatsapp storage sd card save whatsapp chat to sd card sfondi whatsapp whatsapp shayari to 2018 whatsapp shayari and images in hindi whatsapp share chat whatsapp share whatsapp sheduler whatsapp sken whatsapp skin whatsapp skan whatsapp skener whatsapp skanner whatsapp skin whatsapp theme or skin whatsapp themes and skins whatsapp messenger skins skin for whatsapp whatsapp sky whatsapp slideshow whatsapp slogan whatsapp slogan whatsapp sms whatsapp smileys and emojis whatsapp sms in hindi whatsapp sms theme whatsapp sms and wallpaper shayari whatsapp sms whatsapp sms in hindi whatsapp sms theme whatsapp sms and wallpaper shayari whatsapp sms collection i am whatsapp i am using whatsapp whatsapp sms whatsapp sms in hindi whatsapp sms theme whatsapp sms and wallpaper shayari whatsapp sms collection whatsapp switch account whatsapp switch whatsapp swamiji whatsapp swap whatsapp sweb whatsapp swap swap whatsapp whatsapp sms whatsapp sms in hindi whatsapp sms theme whatsapp sms and wallpaper shayari call whatsapp sms collection whatsapp scan whatsapp scanner whatsapp scaner whatsapp scheduler whatsapp scan for whatsapp whatsapp sccaner whatsapp scen whatsapp scener whatsapp scenar whatsapp scean whatsapp sceen whatsapp ceo whatsapp screenshot whatsapp screen lock whatsapp screen whatsapp screen wallpaper whatsapp screen recorder whatsapp svan whatsapp status sver whatsapp sb whatsapp send whatsapp sender whatsapp send whatsapp whatsapp send photos recovery whatsapp send later whatsapp song status whatsapp song download whatsapp song whatsapp song video whatsapp song 2017 whatsapp download whatsapp dual account whatsapp dp images whatsapp dp whatsapp download karna hai whatsapp d p image whatsapp d p gb whatsapp d d p for whatsapp g b whatsapp whatsapp app d whatsapp d p image whatsapp d p d p for whatsapp d p for whatsapp hindi whatsapp d p image whatsapp d p d p for whatsapp d p for whatsapp hindi get it now
> 

seems legit
it might be smooth, but it looks nowhere near as nice as on an iphone because there is a "break" in the animation. compare to iphone.
i actually find that pretty cool haha
like brake-checking, just lane-checking.

but that victim driver overreacted so it was kinda his fault too.
such a shame
Man that butter basting looked underwhelming.

Compare that to Gordon Ramsay's steak video.
The problem here is that it doesn't rotate as smoothly as it does in ios. In ios the existing image just smoothly rotates into the new orientation. On android it looks like another instance spawns in its correct orientation but while still in the old orientation and then rotates into place.
the earlier the better. but not before 20.

i wish i would have had my kids at 25, that would have been awesome.

now my daughter was born when i just turned 28, my son when i was 30.

its a nice age to have kids, but a couple years earlier would have been even nicer.

that being said i wasnt financially stable at 25, so for what its worth, the way it played out was the best possible scenario for us.
wifey is finey
why is this so freakin different to when i played it originally when it was new on psn, like 3 years ago or so.

i'm downloading it again right now.
i recently became allergic to pollen or something - in spring  i got extremely itchy super red eyes, a very runny nose, very sneezy etc. 

freakin annoying. never had that in my entire life of 31 years, but suddenly its a thing.
went to g.co/abh

the error message you got isnt even on the site
> Rear ending semi causes crash

as if the rear ending isnt a crash itself
Wow lol
dude i wanna see that outfit in action!
the standard is not low if only the minority maintains it
the hero we need...
never owned a sony android phone, but as far as i know, they are supposed to be pretty dank!? just kinda ugly.
anyone "could have designed" any patented product?!

and if its so easy that its not worthy of a patent, other manufacturers are free to come up with their own design.
why patent trolls though, this is a legitimate invention that would be fantastic for everyone if they licensed it for a reasonable price. either way, microsoft still DOES build products they could use this in.
hey, its alright. everyone profits, no one is hurt. win-win for everyone.

and as other have said, she might want the D.
can phone manufacturers/designers not agree that phone-thinnes was a medium-lived craze that no one cares about anymore? and go back to phones that are 1-2 mm thicker with headphoen jack and larger batteries?
wouldnt change the situation, would it? you'd still need either new headphones with 2.5mm jack or adapters.