longtail, baby!
>this person has an agenda therefore cannot be trusted

Then where do you get any information from? A place without an agenda? On something like this, there is no place that both has a legal opinion and also not some kind of bias
This is a good question. Here's Cory Booker explaining why it's constitutional in detail \(by detail I mean words that I don't get\)

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8HQG4A0u95s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8HQG4A0u95s)
sodeep.bro
Woodycraft?
They went on tour a year or two back
There's no food and no items
But what's veranda have to do with Lin-Manuel Miranda
I like secrets like these because they can shift your opponents plan for their turn and, you know, not be explosive ruins
*insert autistic greentext math here*
Most likely it's for shooting. I know FPS Russia would shoot toilets in his videos. Very dangerous btw
Wasn't ANWR a plot point in House of Cards? Or was it West Wing
TIL
I disagree. I see these leaks as a cry for help from the people who are knee deep in the affairs in the White House. Like they're calling out, "Hey! This is crazy!" But that's been me on leaks from this administration in general. I see this leak as a major exaggeration, one which will just turn people off to future leaks that are more important and has more grounds to stand on
I agree. Very cringe
For those without cable, you can use a 7 day trial of Sling TV to watch ABC tonight at 10pm EST
Kyle said in a reddit comment that he blacked out for the last two hours
/r/patientgamers helped me find some games
awe shucks (:
!remindme 10 years 364 days


Yeah sure but don't pretend like you're responding to content you didn't see
Again, you watched a quarter off a 20 minute video and assumed the rest
>I only watched for minutes but let me tell you what the entirety of his arguments relied on
Didn't Trump say that he wouldn't announce military strategy? The thinking being that if you announce bombing Syria, then people who you'd want to bomb will just leave. 
Well, look at it this way. If Trump does decide to fire Rosenstein, whatever outlet got to that information first gets to say that they were informed well ahead of the curve
oh whoops. it was a laterforreddit thing. my bad. should i delete and revert to the first one or keep it up?
lol
A nation can dream :')
Welcome to shitposting
While this isn't a statement or action by the Executive, I'm approving anyways because of the implication. Also this story playing out will definitely be on this sub so I'd like the full discussion to also be on this sub. 
Except no one identifies themselves as statists
Won't remove this comment, but if you could please remove that first sentence. We're trying to not be snarky here. 
Removed for Rule 2
(:
I agree that our sub is mostly liberal, though in the instances where we see comments to the right of ourselves, we still apply the same rules. If you truly believe myself and the other mods are biased, I encourage you to go through our [public modlog](https://ceddit.com/r/POTUSWatch/about/log#?theme=POTUSWatch) and point out where we're biased. I still stand by the fact that the only amount of effort there is in your top-level comment is the fact it's more than four sentences. You can't just start a conversation with a terrible attitude that doesn't promote conversation and expect that comment to be welcome on our subreddit. 

Please, CTRL + F "NateY3K" in the link I provided and show me where I'm biased. You'll find that I remove liberal comments that aren't as bad as yours (specifically when people call Trump "donnie" or "orange"). If you believe a post I removed was in a biased act, make sure that post I removed wasn't a duplicate of another one that I did approve. We have Fox News right along side the other outlets in our pool of articles the bot pulls from. 
Comments like these is what's going to keep me going. There's a lot of work that I've put into these. Most of the work today was in providing links so there's a central place for voting information in the intro post, that took forever. 

I look forward to completing your district too (:
Removed for Rule 2
Removed for Rule 2
Removed for Rule 2
Removed for rule 2. You bring up some points but your circlejerky, "look how stupid everyone else is" attitude isn't welcome in this subreddit. 
Removed for rule 1
Removed for Rule 1
Removed for Rule 2
Removed because of that last bit and that very first bit.
Removed for rule 1/2. Thank you to users who report comments. Reports help us mods get stupid stuff like this off this sub. 
I have that exact thing! The drag mod with a zeus tank is great
If taxation is theft then that means all the things provided to you from the government are things you're stealing as well
does slavery happen in this country?
political activism = privilege?
There isn't going to be another Windows. They're just going to continually update Windows 10
It's almost like a mixture of the free market and regulation is best to ensure a healthy economy while preventing the abuse of humans for short term capital gain
Removed for violating Rule 1/2
Removed for violation of Rule 1.
I would kindly refer you to our [public modlog](https://ceddit.com/r/POTUSWatch/about/log#?theme=POTUSWatch) and tell us what exact biases you see and we'll do our best to either defend any specific instance or change our modding behavior.
That's what this sub has turned into: technically humor^tm
/r/totallyexpectedciv
/r/rarepuppers

/r/subwaysubway

/r/fortnitebr

For a political sub, I would suggest a sub I co-founded, /r/potuswatch
I watch him often and most of the time he's pretty mature and sensible
The volumes might be off but they don't use earbud mics
It's in reference to how Woody went to court with a Woodycraft player who spent over $10,000 on the server and then took all the money back, claiming it was an accident
"It's just not true!! I wish people had the facts!"
If a significant majority of people were nearly blind or illiterate, you might have a point. You can still see the dang button
By particular goods do you mean gun violence? 
Saying the problem isn't as big as it used to be isn't a solution to the problem that still exists 
You could say that about literally any gun regulation. The point is to have an alliterative, because if there is no libertarian solution then the only way from here is stricter gun control
Bump stocks were already illegal though. Automatic weapons are illegal already and an attachment that makes a weapon effectively an automatic weapon makes that an illegal attachment. None of your other examples are that of confiscating weapons from a legal purchaser 
The idea that anyone in this country is in favor of confiscating any guns is also ridiculous. Have you heard any real person that's in any position of power in favor of that? The worst you may hear is banning the sale of all firearms, but not confiscate them. 

And I don't like the idea that there's nothing to do about gun violence. What, we throw our hands in the air and say "well there's not a solution, so why bother trying to prevent a new incident where a large group people are murdered or wounded"

For the group of people who won't stop bringing up the founding fathers and their ambition, do you think that would be their response? 
What's the libertarian solution to gun violence? What can you say as something to root for to fix the problem? Other than the idea that there is no problem (in the form in which one says that gun violence/mass shootings is down), or that somehow more guns makes a population more safe. 
I like the idea that filthy and other guests are friends with you guys off the air
But he voted for Jeff Sessions
What is IS-RYE-ALE?
I always tried to do that but it's tricky bc the glass isn't screwed in so it wants to move and I hit juice all over my hand ):
To save the juice when changing your coil with a smok tank. If you don't change it with an empty tank, put the juice in a shotglass then you can just put it back on your tank. 

I'm currently using the Zeus tank by GeekVape and it's really good bc you can hold it upside down when you unscrew it to not lose any juice. 
And like 6 years more development time 
>The United States actually has no official languages

/r/shitstatistssay
but that doesn't get you karma
Because if the NDA is determined void then we're gonna see Trump's dickpics
this meme hasn't even BEGAN to peak
It's a Bojack Horseman reference 
[I disagree](https://i.imgur.com/1zn20oJ.png)
But then your investment can disappear in a recession and all of a sudden your money disappeared

At least if the social security fund runs out then there will be pressure to put in a replacement that doesn't make everyone's money disappear
Who would say no? Like no one would actively benefit from it not being released and it didn't take any effort on anyone else's part
Wings kept withdrawling from the emotional bank account and he finally overdrafted 
"Don't we want to wait until we start the show?"
Zootopia is about racism
I watched the 50 second clip that the White House posted on their youtube channel. This is weird.
I really like this one because you could tell that he didn't want to answer like the last four questions so one that he saw a way out he said "That's an internal matter, later y'all" and dipped. Also, has anyone else noticed that these press briefings are shorter than Obama's? I could be wrong but I swear Josh Ernest's were at least an hour every day on the dot. Again, could be wrong, I started paying attention to everything starting just about when I started this sub with Aevann
He's a writer on snl
!remindme 1 year
Yeah stupid liberals for getting their feelings hurt when children are murdered in school
broken arms
Correcting grammar

Also it's "were" not "was" for the title
I want to double tap the title of a post and that beings me to the comments 
RemindMe! 1 week
He also piggy backs a lot of technology that the government spent researching and developing
Removed for rule 1 & 2
ok so we just do everything nature tells us and never move past it

DEODORANT ISNT NATURAL BUT I DONT SMELL YOU SMELLING LIKE A CAVEMAN
That's deep man I'm gonna use that to describe depression to people
Eating animals is gross
"Look at this poor country who decided to give healthcare to their citizens! And look at that! They're poor!"
It's like when etho made his pigmen farm to look like a giant penis accidentally and didn't realize it until he saw it from an angle later in the series
That's a good argument against guaranteed income, but the argument is that the value the lowest income people are producing is higher than their income, and the value high income people are producing is lower than their income. 
Is there a mirror?
Removed unless you edit the "orange chimp" bit out and reply when you've done so.
The rest of the government is shut down, they just have to go without pay until the government is funded again. This includes all 1.4 million members of the military
I want Hamilton to go to the rest of America ):
There is a federal council whose sole job regards, entirely, peanuts. what do these three people do day to day
Well it does. Maybe if I flash stock recovery (given I have a custom one for rooting, being TWRP) maybe that will get me to boot into recovery 
How far are you guys into Fire and Fury? What's your juicy takes that Reddit/the media hasn't picked up on yet?
I believe so, yes
That's not true! Currently, at least in my Subway, there are five $5 footlongs: Cold cut, meatball, veggie, ham and spicy italian
>PTFOLive Refugee

Oh boy I remember those good ol' days
Should it be the Committee on Female Veterans? 
I was in 4th grade and this year I'm going to vote in the midterms 
>Amazon purchased Twitch and then turned around and removed the Twitch app from the Roku. Trying to force people to buy a Fire Stick which is super aggrevating.

I got Twitch onto my Roku by downloading the [Unofficial Twitch Channel](https://my.roku.com/account/add?channel=twitchtv), then boot it up it will say "Unofficial Twitch is no longer supported, do you want to install the official Twitch channel?" and there's a link to it and it works. 

My guess is that they made it unlisted in the Roku channel store, but if you have the link to it (which the unofficial TTV channel does) you can still download it. 
Because no one is actually socialist, they're democratic socialists. It's like saying that libertarians want those northern African countries' governments where there is no government. It's always a mix. Didn't Gary Johnson get boo'd for saying you *shouldn't* be able to sell heroin to a 4 year old? I don't think most libertarians want the ability to sell heroin to a 4 year old. 

Please apply the same "it's not always a zero sum game" logic to so called socialists. Otherwise you're attacking a straw man and you look stupid
Funny how that gets buried in /r/conservative
Two days before I was born! Crazy to think he's been doing stuff for my entire life and then some
"If you had money before, you now have more money"
Well didn't the companies put down the infrastructure in a lot of cities under the promise that it's their infrastructure? Wouldn't opening that up to new ISPs be literal civil forfeiture?
Can someone give me a hearthstone dictionary for words like "miracle" and "token" and wtf even is control? Like I get it make sure the opponent has no minions but I mean isn't that most other decks too?
No the other guy like I said in another comment dang you redpill dudes and your glorification for a guy who says men and women are different
This is one of my favorite demonstrations so far 
"I fart and I sniff it" from Offended

No the other guy talking about the placebo effect a really long time ago
I like Filthy, Kweb, Harley and Jericho and when they're on it's something I haven't seen for a few weeks. It might not be better than an episode like with Ice but I think those episodes are extreme outliers when you get different guests a lot.
If there's a senate candidate who is against guns, that person will not win in Texas
"Yeah sure np"
I just watched the White Christmas episode of Black Mirror in 4k. Really good
I'm going to win 
Trump really needs this guy to vote his way and he might have some leverage given that he's a dem, sure, but he's from Alabama 
\>using item ID numbers instead of their name in 2017
FDA, NASA, Postal Service
Yeah, reddit wouldn't continue a joke well past its welcome

doot doot
STOP YELLING
Someone shipped him drugs (weed vape juice iirc) in his PO box that he used to mention. Got arrested, his house searched, some guns seized, a big deal. He's mentioned twice since then something like "shit in my life hasn't been going well either but I'm not gonna bring that into a comedy podcast"
>not hacked

#

>ransomware


>implying Republicans have any backbone or principals
>regulated
I don't like this argument because it implies that whatever argument you're attacking is the *best* argument to be had. 

You can call her names *and* call get a liar. One is much more relevant to this sub than the other, but if you call her ugly, that does not mean that's the best liberals can come up with. 
What made you decide to get the 8 instead of the 7?
It's the 2 for $3 not 2 for $5
Meant rule 1. 
Removed rule 2
We tried discussions of the press conferences when this sub was smaller, I'll bring it up to see if the other mods think that we can do this regularly. 

The problem last time was that it would get posted and no one would comment because there was no promise of any real discussion 

The congressional investigation into these allegations proved how false that were. Removed for fake news. 
Hello, fellow Nate!
Removed post, both for being awful in every way and also it more belongs on /r/CrazyIdeas. 
I am ashamed to call you a fellow Nathan. Comment removed. 
Hey, so you guys wanna call it a show?

...

Hey, you guys want to call it a show?
This was it, thank you!
+
Thank you!
but you can't allow other ISPs to use the infrastructure that exists because most of it were paid for by the current big ISPs. Doing this would literally being the state taking assets from companies 
>Or opt out all together and do something ~~more~~ fun. 

ftfy
>Trump just admitted that FOX is opinion-based: also known as biased.

Citation needed 
Doom. I hear it has a lot of replay-ability and I hear dishonored is a short game
This shouldn't be stickied. 
/r/dickgirls

(and no, I'm not a mod of that sub so there's no need to check)
Removed for rule 2
Yeah, why should people have unlimited access to "information"? These telcom companies are struggling as it is and it's not fair to *them* that we buy their product!
It is when you're just rounding corners
What weight is there? Isn't it just saying "bad people are bad"?
Or instead of the key/mouse click, just the input. Instead of tracking the W key, track if the player pressed the "go forward" key. That way only keys attached to controls are tracked and it changes if the player has different controls
Sure. Just know that any more sass or toeing the line of Rule 2 will result in a ban. Attack an argument, not the person making it. 
>Cheeto in Chief 

Was toeing the line of Rule 2, this bit makes it over the line. Removed.
If Donald J Trump is accredited for providing peace to the middle east I will *actually* kill myself. 
"besides the slavery part, what's the difference between X and slavery?"
I approved this comment because it's a real argument. Just understand that this toes the line with Rule 2
Removed: Rule 2
Removed: Rule 4
Yeah you're right I forgot. I was thinking of the first few chapters of Chernow's book and how much he emphasized that Hamilton was from the Caribbean
>If you're expecting crops to grow, baby animals to age, villagers to breed etc. then this does not happen when no players are around.

yeah, that. I thought crops would grow and whatnot even when you're logged out
This was it, thanks!
Sorry for the late response - the world doesn't stay loaded and doesn't run when everyone is logged out
Minecraft
What's your render distance? For me, anything above 16 and I get frame stuttering even with two 970s
I stopped playing Overwatch some time ago, I just wanted to say hi to a fellow Nate 
What deal the other day?
>free

Well mining significantly increases your power usage so you have to account for your power bill
The whole WASWAS thing is really funny because that was Jim Jeffries' joke and he's, like, super duper liberal
Removed because it belongs in /r/CrazyIdeas
What's the logistics of it? Is it wifi or data? Like how do you actually get to using it?
Downloaded it and enjoying it more than I thought I would!
I like how on even good stories they still use a negative picture of trump

You could just download the world and check the librar--oh wait 

>starterpackcreator

You mean mspaint?
Pics?
I changed the spawn by using /setworldspawn and i'm getting the same troubles ):
On Windows 10 you can clean reinstall (gets rid of all personal files, reinstalls system files) within the computer with no usb drive
>6 years ago

what
oh snap i forgot about that lmao thanks

removed for snark lmao
Are people upset? Wouldn't they be upset if a movie set in Africa had a majority white cast?
https://www.reddit.com/r/WWII/comments/7ah2j1/google_trends_look_at_the_error_code_when_you
>7/30/10

simpler times
The US Flag codes are totally unenforceable because of the first amendment.
He is, watch the documentary. It also features Paul Manafort and other characters from the Trump campaign (including an interview with Trump himself) in said documentary 
He's much more significant than that. Watch the Netflix documentary Get Me Rodger Stone. He played a big role in getting Nixon elected and more or less entirely responsible for our current mudslinging political landscape.
As a fellow Nate, I can relate
Rule 1, 2, and 3
>~~evolving~~

ascending
Downvoted for capitalization of Xbox
Not buying an account, just wanted to say hello to a fellow Nate
Austin Evans
No, you're not. You're just pretending you are for the sake of reddit comments. 
Race issues and healthcare
/r/BlueMidterm2018
/r/dickgirls
didn't read your comment just wanted to say hi to a fellow nate
Yes because Hollywood = liberals
There is a similar subreddit where you post things that you wish you had said 

/r/staircasewit
Rule 1
It's a meme
Your school might have resources for this kind of thing. Not that your guidance counselor is a therapist, but the school might know places where you can go
Rule 2
I don't like how much the Colbert types ignore how good the economy is doing. I hope they would shed light on that and dive in deep on how much credit belongs to Trump. Even if it's not much, 9 months into his presidency, the training wheels are off. He hasn't coasted off the economy Obama left all this time, he's at least made a few decisions, some of which had to be good.
If Trump goes after him, Green only gets more popular. It's a win win
I don't think it takes courage to say the most unpopular president in American history should be impeached 
He did an interview with Forbes the other day. Why haven't we posted it? Good question. We need to be more on top of interviews. 

Edit: just realized I replied to a fellow mod lmfao
It does make him less. There are 538 representatives, and 100 senators. A single senator has a significantly higher amount of influence than a single House representative.  

Though, IIRC, articles of impeachment have to be initiated in the House. My point is that the title is wrong. That's really all
Green represents the 9th district of Texas. He is not a senator. 
Removed for Rules 2 and 3
Removed for Rule 1
Removed for rule 2
I'll leave this up because I don't think there's a lot of precedent set. Calling out "Rule 1" is a violation of Rule 2. The goal of this sub is to promote discussion, and that requires you to say more than a simple accusation. At least elaborate on why the person violated Rule 1.
We don't mind when you call out the rules. The thing we don't like is when you comment "Rule 1" and don't report the comment. Us mods probably won't see the comment unless you report it. In fact, the only reason why I see this comment is because many in this chain were reported, almost all of which were valid reports of Rule 2. 

Also, I don't believe the comment you criticise breaks any rules. I'll talk with the other mods and see what they say. 

Deleting comments that violate rule 2, which is most of this chain. 
/r/covfefe
How do you know that /u/Cusiee is a he? #dayofthegirl
Libertarians already hate Trump
Or just adapting to a more modern art style. Not everything has to do with budget
I'm confused by this. As federal employees, wouldn't they have Tricare? That's what the military has and it's essentially a more complicated version of single payer.

Also it's interesting that a Republican introduced this bill. Probably out of spite, knowing it'd get thrown down, but still. 
Yes.
Sorry, each post must be an idea, not a platform to post ideas. 
I mean, white dads do too. There are bad people in all walks of life. If you had the stats and phrased it better (less accusational, more productive) maybe I wouldn't be so bad. 
Good point. I don't do it often. I did it this time to serve as an example, and to point out specifically where they went wrong. If I were to do it every time, then you're right it would just easily bypass the rules because you could say what to you want through a mod's response.
>(some) libertarians are socialists

what
I think that you can only guard the definition for political ideologies to a point. At some point, when people who claim to be "right wing" control all three branches of the largest government in the history of the world, whatever that ideology they hold is going to be the definition of right wing.
Saying that black dads disappear from their child's lives before they're born, with the implication that black dads are bad people (because only a bad person would leave their child), is a racist statement.

You didn't have data or research studies. If you linked it and phrased it in a way that was less racist, then sure. But otherwise, blanket, racist statement like that won't be tolerated.
How are bathroom laws, an inflated military, and control on abortions small government?
I think /u/fraserPan is saying even if they were saying "fuck you, America" then that's their right
I have multiple people in my life who have done gastric bypass. It messes with you. You can't eat anything larger than a couple grapes at a time, you can't eat and drink within 30 mins of each other, and the very quick weight loss without "effort" (I know the surgery is difficult and by no means effortless, but your hormones don't know that) messes with your brain chemistry. Not only the seemingly instant weight loss (as in a pound a day for a month or two, starting about a month after the bypass), but also the nutrition after you shrink your stomach that small. You can't even swallow a line of pills in the morning because your stomach can't fit all of them, you have to wait an hour or so between each one. I know some people have success with gastric bypass but I honestly don't know how.

Really glad you took the natural route, OP.
Removed for blatant racism.
>But fuck the English language and language comprehension for the sake of our Dear Leader. 

Your comment was cool until then. Removed. 
Is insurance in general socialism?
I was more touching on the "the health insurance model is pretty terrible". Wouldn't the libertarian solution be our current health insurance model, just less regulations?
What is more libertarian than deregulating health insurance companies?
Removed - Rule 8
People overestimate risk when they're not in control and underestimate it when they are. They overestimate the risk when a pilot is flying the car but underestimate when they're driving on a busy highway
hey that's me
That's a feature with imgur, redd.it, and gfycat gifs on /r/lightbulb
...who hasn't seen the play. Mike Pence has seen the play and he spoke [very highly of it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RLOz_UY7olw)
Your name is very much visible
Please explain. 
Conservative outrage because they're snowflakes who are allowed to say "No, YOU'RE the snowflake!"
If Trump said "If you like your doctor you can keep your doctor" and that turned out to be false, then people on the right would talk about how he was just being hyperbolic, and that the goal was unreasonable, not about his failure to complete an objective. 
I'd like to double tap the title to get to the comments
If they caught you lying then they won't give you any
Was it hard to finish inside of her?
My nephew did that exact same thing. He grew out of it when he was two though
The cabinet is still extremely swampy and the only reason why Trump did this is because he's appealing to moderates. His base doesn't care about this, and the far left isn't going to be in his side because either way, people like me would give him shit. 

If Price stayed, I would point out how awful he is, when he left now I'm shitting on his release. He can't win. But a more moderate person might have their mind changed. 
I personally think this a good joke, similar to how the n word is the best bank password because if you're robbed, there is no amount of intimidating that would get you to say it. 

However I'm removing it because it more suited for a writing/comedy sub, or /r/CrazyIdeas. 
Skype's ability to see if someone is online or not is so unreliable that status doesn't mean anything anyways
>Yeah I've noticed you're one of the ones causing trouble

Other than your ban, please elaborate on what makes you think that.
And please, if you see a comment that breaks any rules, report it! That's the best way for us mods to review a comment that we don't just happen to come across
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Rick and Morty. The humor is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical physics most of the jokes will go over a typical viewer's head. There's also Rick's nihilistic outlook, which is deftly woven into his characterisation - his personal philosophy draws heavily fromNarodnaya Volya literature, for instance. The fans understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these jokes, to realize that they're not just funny- they say something deep about LIFE. As a consequence people who dislike Rick and Morty truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn't appreciate, for instance, the humour in Rick's existencial catchphrase "Wubba Lubba Dub Dub," which itself is a cryptic reference to Turgenev's Russian epic Fathers and Sons I'm smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as Dan Harmon's unfolds itself on their television screens. What fools... how I pity them. 😂 And yes by the way, I DO have a Rick and Morty tattoo. And no, you cannot see it. It's for the ladies' eyes only- And even they have to demonstrate that they're within 5 IQ points of my own (preferably lower) beforehand.

>measuring weight in stone

>tea

let's play guess the country of origin
>He also really hates wasting tax payer money

If this were true he would go to Camp David instead of Maralago for his numerous vacations
please explain
If you boil down an entire ideology to a single word, your argument makes perfect sense
Nazis are not found on the left. Do you see Nazis demanding criminal justice reform? Do you see them trying to get pay and voting equality? 
It's about sincerity. Listen to his words on Nazis and then those about the kneelers. Which one sounds more like how Trump actually talks?
>threats of violence

That's the whole point. At some colleges, if you're a right wing person and want to speak, you're threatened with violence. That's not much different than just going through with it and being violent to a speaker 
He talks about football players worse than actual nazis
>the DoD paid them to do it

At what point is that straight propaganda?
I like the idea of the executive helping elect people in office who will get their agenda through... if it's the right agenda. I try hard to play the "what if it was the democrat" or "what if it was the republican" and in this case, if it was a progressive trying to help someone pushing for the progressive agenda I would be thrilled and it would be cool to me. In this case, my initial reaction was that the White House is trying to hijack more control of the government by electing people who will do their bidding in the worst way. Maybe I'd be okay with it more if it was the agenda of the majority of people in the country. Though, that doesn't make much sense because it's for Alabama and the majority of Alabamians support the Trump agenda, given that they voted for him. 

Also it's weird that Pence is bringing Bannon along with him. Should someone be looking into that? If Bannon has an ear to Pence, doesn't that mean that the whole "Bannon = OUT!" hype was wrong, that he's still totally in contact with the president (by way of Pence, at the least?)
I thoroughly enjoy sub chat when he's playing arena. I've probably learned more from there than this reddit
I just print screen and use MS Paint to crop
Well I like this sub because it reminds me that DC is more than just the white house and capitol hill. Other than that I sub to /r/Dallas because I have a friend there, /r/Austin because Roster Teeth, /r/NYC because that city is so dense and interesting and I know a little bit of it from Seinfeld, /r/Fayetteville because I live near Fayetteville, NC and that's for Fayetteville, AR. 

Fayetteville, NC is aptly named /r/fayettenam. 
ouch
Never been to DC, I just sub to city subs. Can someone give context? What/who are warriors?
>One of these days I'll find a website where I can objectively talk about politics 

We have /r/POTUSWatch! Our moderation is transparent and fair. Honestly our biggest pride is the amount of real discussion you see in the sub opposed to this one, or the other defaults for that matter
I unironically listen to vaporwave ):
Is planet money about like personal finance? Because that seems up my alley. Really anything economics sounds cool because that's something that we're all a part of and it's cool to understand parts of it.  

Also thanks for the episode suggestion
I like FunHaus! I stopped watching them  awhile ago because I got bored of GTA and stuff. I'll check them out again!
I've watched a lot of porn for a long time and have never gotten a virus even after intentionally clicking on some shady pop ups for shits and gigs

^^this ^^comment ^^won't ^^hurt ^^me ^^when ^^I ^^get ^^doxxed ^^in ^^the ^^future
no one is saying that

You're making up this existence if SJWs in this thread for karma
The one with shoenice
Because /r/libertarian has no real policy or world views, just that taxation is theft and we definitely don't live in a world described by /r/LateStageCapitalism
Explain
no question just wanted to say hi to a fellow nathan
I mean you can cancel your preorder and get the digital version
r/doppelbangher 


What's the point of flashlight apps when they're built into every phone?
Hello fellow Nate! 

I disagree with you but that's okay because we share a nickname 
/r/accidentallycommunist
You probably set YouTube links to open in the browser app instead of the YouTube app. To reset the defaults go to Settings -> Apps -> [Browser App] -> Set as Default -> Clear Defaults
Watch Bojack Horseman
But the first week is the worst time because after the first month or so is when it starts to die down and the real consistent player base is shown. 

The only way to make sure there's a big player base is if you get it on console
I was born in 2000 and this comment made me feel old idk why
Teenager here and I've never heard of one of these actually happening. Totally fictional
Just make a move. They'll let you because of the *implication*
Because it's still there, just Samsung's version instead of Google's
I've been told about people being prosecuted for getting a water cup at Wendy's^TM and instead of water getting soda    
[That's only 300k behind the most concurrent players on any Steam game ever: Dota 2 at 1.3 million](https://i.gyazo.com/0e5c21ea7065e86a59e431ca26f3bc95.png)
But does blaming others actually do anything? Either it doesn't produce worse children (because, statistically, every generation is better at almost everything than the one before it), if it does produce worse children then the number of parents with this attitude are exaggerated. One of those has to be true, because if it both produced worse children and was widespread, then we'd see that reflected statistically.

Every example you throw at how awful modern day parents are, they will always fall flat because each wave of parents are producing not perfect, but better children than the generation before them 
   
wow so edgy like what even are parents anymore. like i bet that kids these days have the [highest rate of drug use, they're so bad](https://www.drugabuse.gov/publications/drugfacts/monitoring-future-survey-high-school-youth-trends). or with all the rampant, irresponsible sex they're having, [probably a crazy ton of unintended pregnancies, since, let's say 1990](http://www.advocatesforyouth.org/publications/1909-unintended-pregnancy-among-young-people-in-the-united-states) (you know, the golden generation). and with all their parenting [i bet they're doing so much worse on standardized tests such as, let's randomly say, the ACT](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6f/Historical_Average_ACT_Scores.svg)

the idea that each future generation is worse than our own is always stupid and is never founded in reality. if OP is talking about toddlers and how much of little shits they are, then OP forgets that every toddler in the history of the world was a little shit, and most of them grow up to be great people because the world isn't as shitty as reddit likes to be pessimistic about
>dev team

Pretty sure it's just /u/talklittle lol

Also I can totally relate. I asked for a "mark all" button the the inbox menu and it came within the next week. Please do not tell me it was just a coincidence and the feature would've came out at the same time anyways, I want to ride this high that my reddit post influenced my favorite app
you would enjoy civilization 5 or 6
>/u/UncleJoeStalin

OP took the bait
I hooked my DAd controller up through Bluetooth and it has issues with games like BO3, even with DS4Windows. Would this adapter solve the issue?
Almost every post on this subreddit is automated by /u/MyRSSbot 
So what comes after Sunday? Does it end Sunday?
So when you're checking out at a grocery store, you have to bag your own stuff? I'm from America and either there's a bagger (only seen those on military case's commissary) or the cashier does it 
A good name would be /r/movieproplogic
You're just ignoring the problem. If your inaction killed someone's life when you could've easily prevented it, wouldn't that weigh on you?
Inaction is an action though. Choosing to ignore a pile of dishes in the sink is an action. Choosing to not change the tracks to save people's lives when you have the opportunity to is an action. 
> what are thought experiments
but u have to
"My town". This can be used in conjunction with other information to find out other information about OP
OP, this raises your dox-ability 
Well if you had to make a choice...
So she has some kind of resentment for Bernie because he disrupted the party, yet she wants him to be a member?
define "daddy"
Because it gives money to big banks and isn't transparent enough
[Aegon oil](#spoiler)
>taking shitposts as real political commentary 
I'm loving the return of these to this sub. Great job OP (:
>Rule 1 please - "You must be fun at parties."  Comments like that detract from your overall point and stifle meaningful conversation.

In the future please use the report button for pointing out rule violations. 
Is there any more?
Isn't NFC purposefully close-range? As in, if your phone is in your pocket and your earbuds around your neck it won't reach?
This is why I love this sub (:
I got one the other day for $6
At the press briefing the other day the homeland security guy was talking and the Katrina non-response, and how to avoid those problems, was something brought up more than once
G O O D B O Y
I mean, I believe his motivations are entirely political. He wouldn't do this if he weren't president
How will go for him politically? As in, how quickly will the left accuse him of using Texas as a political tool?
lol
He was an importer-exporter
/r/redditbay
Is he human waste for collecting social security? Because lots of people collect social security and they're not human waste 
Let's hope you don't get doxxed lmao this description could really hurt you if your bosses found out that you talked about your co-workers like that 
>posting an article without reading it
**gulag**
Put it on Swappa. Most people don't trust this sub with a $600+ purchase
They are both Targaryen
His character arc is such that he's compassionate now, he wouldn't leave good people to die any more
You're upset because you feel entitled to the byproduct of another animal. The fact is you're not, you have no reason to have possession of a chicken's eggs
There has been dispute on if Sally Hemmings was impregnated by Jefferson. In the musical, it is referenced in the line "Sally, won't you be a lamb, open it" in reference to a letter from Washington
Have you ever known a bastard orphan? That kind of drive is very inspirational to me. Like "I don't care about how awful of a hand I've been dealt, I'm going to do something."

Also if you are in an actual obsession with Hamilton and want more, read/listen to Ron Chernow's biography of Hamilton. It was the book that got Lin-Manuel to write the musical. It's sitting on my desk next to me but I haven't gotten around to reading past the first chapter. If you have a thirst for more things like Hamilton the musical, read the book. Lin-Manuel included many little references to the biography in the musical that is really great to recognize as I'm reading. 
/r/tippytaps
In the future, please report the instead instead of commenting
Where does the "you must work for me for 20 hours a week" come from? You don't have to do anything, and even if, people who work 20 hours per week typically don't pay anything in taxes after their tax return, not to mention the things they get in return by living in this country. 

That brings me to your second point that "It's a social contract you never agreed to." In what world is the benefits of the government an opt-in system? Taxation is the price of living in a free and secure society with all the perks that come with it. The extent of said taxation is up for debate, but in general that's the "social contract". And yes, you didn't agree to it. And? How does it work logistically for you to say "I don't want to be taxed, so don't give me any benefits like policing and technology research please" or inversely, "Where's the form to sign to allow me to be protected by police and make use of federally funded research?". That society doesn't make any sense.

And if your argument is that we can have things like policing and research without the federal government, that's incredible that you'd believe that. Which came first: the government developing a GPS network or the private sector? The government? So tell me which one is more efficient. This example is anecdotal but the pattern isn't. The government does well with funding research.

Back to calling taxation literally slavery, no amount of hyperbole can make the comparison. Even at its logical extreme where the government takes all of your wage, that's still not the same as slavery, because again, you choose to work. Now you might reply accurately that you cannot live a successful life without work, which is true, but being homeless and unemployed (meaning you have no wages for big guberment to take), that's still wildly better than forced labor living in a shack. There is no point there, it's just a logical leap of faith that you guys have to take constantly because you have no real arguments. You have to latch onto something that actually has a real argument against (being slavery) and apply it to something that doesn't (being taxation).
What the fuck is wrong with you people. Saying that taxation is equivalent to being beaten, raped and literally enslaved is why you will never be taken seriously
/r/pigifs
You can't expect philanthropists to fill in humanitarian gaps when the state makes them
Kyle said awhile back that it's embarrassing seeing people on reddit say "rape squad killaz". Like you don't see every time someone mentions mention game of thrones in a random setting someone replying "HODOR AMIRITE GUYS"
Oh shit I'm early what do I comment. 
inb4 archive
from the sidebar

>Posts relating to the trading and buying of in-game items or game copies should not be made here and will be removed.

I'm down for this as long as Wings gets proper credit
Your comment was spam filtered for some reason. You might want to look into that lol
What's the context of finding this?
>No she didn't because she's dead, and her rapist is still a free man. 

He's going to jail next season entirely because of those tapes
im14andiknowpolitics
Did the tapes make people feel guilty for their contribution to Hannah's depression? If the tapes are only effective after suicide then yes, it did. She got something out of her suicide, it made the whole school and every one involved and their parents pay significantly
I thought the battle scene wasn't better, or even really good. I didn't like how close the camera was at some points. The real thing that set this battle from the others is their ability to capture the despair, the cruel agony of defeat and destruction on the Lannister side. That was rough
Didn't read the comments but I think the show does say that suicide can be the answer to your problems
>Alaska

checks out
Exactly the same. I have an S6 Edge so I thought that my palm was just in the right place to vote. Definitely strange
(:
Android Wear

Pay

Chrome

Calender

**Photos**

Keyboard

Drive

Docs

Earth

**Maps**

Duo

Keep

Translate
 
Yeah because we don't already get free things like youtube, google drive/docs, android development, miscellaneous research into a dozen different fields, etc
Great to hear something other than "can't take the shit the county/sub gives anymore"
you ever think about how future historians are going to look at memes like we look at athens and how they did comedy and stuff like we think that's interesting so in the future people are gonna think memes are interesting
Maybe that relates to what Littlefinger said to Sansa: if you think everything in your head, then nothing is a surprise. He knows everything, so he can't be shocked or awed when something happens
In Avatar, isn't everyone a bender at one of the four elements?
Last week's PKN if they're into game of thrones
For some reason, this post has been automatically(?) removed. Please repost and personally PM me so I can make sure that it's not removed.
Nixon would've gone to prison if Ford hadn't pardoned him 
I really do feel like people who identify as fluid or otherkin are just hurting the cause they're trying to be a part of. 

Unless you want to call MtF/FtM different genders, I feel like trans people who say they're anything other than male or female (mentally), then they're not being sincere. 
How is having leaked materials illegal for people but legal for the media? 
Trans people still say there are two genders, just that they're the other one
Try increasing your DPI and decreasing your in-game sensitivity
Speedrunners, hearthstone
He was saying he was right because he played [[[Deathwing]]] when his opponent had like 6 damage on the board with 7 minions because he was expecting [[[Bloodlust]]]

Of course chat said he was stupid and stuff but the LettuceKing prevailed 
I ordered the one you linked a week or so ago. Works great, very decent battery life. Be sure to have it facing the bottom part down otherwise the base gets weird 
He's finally getting the gastric bypass surgery. I have some experience with this exact thing and first hand I can say it's extremely stressful 
The next episode's teaser
I like it when recurring segments/jokes don't go on for longer than they should. Much like the Irish jokes, they were funny but Kyle realizes that it wouldn't be funny forever. 

Same with the AITA, it was a recurring segment but it was starting to get old
I don't know about the community size, but I do know that whenever I press 'quick play' there isn't much of a waiting time to get into a game
I'm saying that your comment is obvious. Of course it's easier to cut down on meat, but that's not the right thing to do. There is no excuse for animal suffering in a modern country where we could easily be fed without animals
Speedrunners
> it's easier to do half of a goal than you're entire goal
This.
Just get a portable charger, they're cheap and you don't have to cord yourself to a wall
If you live in America and aren't broke, you can be vegan
>I didn't watch it

>here's my analysis of the episode
I still have no idea who he is after googling him other than that he's a singer. In the show I thought that the close-up was a little awkward, but not to the extent that other people seem to have a problem with it
>WARNING! I REPORT ALL TIME WASTERS (people who make offers with no intentions of paying) TO AUTHORITIES FOR HARASSMENT AND ALL SCAMMERS TO FBI! 

Lmao are you gonna call the internet police too?
[He was on PKA](https://youtu.be/UxVcuZmXXTQ) a few months back. Easily my favorite single podcast episode of all time   
Was OP Erik Salvia?
What does squelching do? Can your opponent see that you right clicked their hero?
Swappa is a good site to sell used phones
You're right, it's wrong to assume companies will try to make as much money as possible
>companies lying benefits them

How is recognizing that a problem  
How was I inconsistent?

Their "advocacy" is just a marketing scheme. Once they have the power to do what current regulations restrict them from doing, they will abuse that power

edit: lmao typo
Yes the abusive FCC, let's trust the corporations, they've never let us down
If you want a line across the post, use three dashes




Example

---

Text
but what if everyone involved has this mindset
what are you watching it on? most things that have netflix on them have an app for a remote (xbox, roku, most smart tvs). and then you can connect netflix app to the thing directly (casting), though in my experience it's pretty trash
about that reply though
Flynn asked for immunity but wasn't given it
Bought, totally worked, legit guy would work with again

will vouch for in future if anyone needs me to
Are you subbed to /r/G502MasterRace?
If they were better, this sub would say P2W
It also installs the app twice, so it's double the storage. When I used it for Clash, I didn't notice any battery issues
[My comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/Libertarian/comments/6l8kqn/z/djsck8h) the other day got a bunch of upvotes, maybe it was because of /r/all but still pretty non-circlejerky of this sub
It comes default now in chrome
Definitely maybe
I firmly believe last season had so many loose ends because Trump won and they were limited by that
"If you grew up in trash schools then you can't participate in the country that put you in those trash schools"
That's already covered in the first one lol
Is there a book or something that you can recommend to really understand these differences? I'm going to try to follow Woody's advice as closely as I can and I want to understand at least the parts relevant to me. 
Bill Maher also took July off. Interesting
Has a Westwood vibe
If I get the paid version of RiF, do I keep beta access? 
If the free market gave a fair wage, why are so many businesses paying the minimum? In every scenario when companies are trusted to get something for their workers right, it's a race to the bottom
Dang he can't do anything right lol

I despise the Trump presidency, but I'm not about to jump on the "gas prices lowering is a bad thing" train just because he takes credit. 
Guns. And ships. 
lol you wouldn't be punished it's cool. we're just trying to figure things like that out
you know, that's a real grey area for me. still seems low effort, but most flairs will be low effort given the character limit.

paging /u/Aevann /u/62westwallabystreet 

your thoughts pls
you can make political statements, sure, just not those that belong on the title of /r/t_d shitposts
yeah lol flairs like that are against the spirit of rule 2. we're trying to not be a circlejerk sub
Looks like you know more than I do. I literally, five minutes ago, started a new playthrough with no mods because modding disables achievements. 

I'm being beheaded right now lmao. The only mod I truly want is the unofficial skyrim patch but it looks like I can't use it if I also want achievements /:
Yes mods add so much to the game especially if you have a decent computer
>was planned for singleplayer DLC that never came to fruition

Every time I brought this up in /r/ChiliadMystery, I got downvoted
They do it well in Hot Ones
Hiding genres
Other comments make it sound like a bad thing, to me it looks like a feature. Super smooth and buttery I like it 

But I don't understand how this is a thing with the screen or the OnePlus android version. Wouldn't it be controlled by the app?
This thread is hating on them but I really like mine. The wire is great, I run it over with my rolly chair and tangle it up and stuff and it's fine. 

The mic is exceptional. I'm never self conscious of my mic being the worst one in the lobby, my ceiling fan being picked up by it, breathing into it isn't an issue. 

My only complaint is that after 3-4 hours of wear, the pressure it puts around my ears is noticeable
It's unlikely there will be a wireless version with the computers we have today. The slight delay that wireless gives is enough to disorient you from moving your head and it not conning back to the headset for a split second. Wireless capabilities have to get much better and it's likely that won't happen for some time
no
"Let's take this tragedy to talk about how CNN is fake news"
I use notes to write down things I find interesting that I hear or think about. It's reminder system is also really top notch
Thinking seriously about it, it might be a bad idea to localize all of Congress to an apartment building because of security
Why are people calling England a city? I think John Oliver made a similar joke 
That's a very generous depiction of The Spice Master™
/r/BannedFromThe_Donald
Don't you eat a day's worth of food after sunset? Have you ever gotten up at like 4am during Ramadan just to have breakfast?
The regulation for ISPs to sell your internet history is gone
/r/outside
It's almost like liberals aren't obsessed with diversity as people think. Ideas are more important than what's in someone's pants. I don't understand what's difficult to understand
"the government indoctrinating kids politically is wrong unless if it's teaching them that the government should not have that power that we're doing" 
so if you believe that a country mistreats black people, as a black person, then you're not allowed in the country. sure, there is hypocrisy. a black person choosing to go to a country that they think mistreats black people. 

the problem with your logic is that it's zero sum. is it hard to believe that Noah likes this country, that the positives this country has outweighs the negatives, even for a black man? i don't see how any criticism somehow makes that his only opinion on america
My point is that building a trademark in Minecraft is no different than drawing it on a piece of paper
When you allow the collective to speak for the individual, that's called racism
\>if you have criticisms of a country's institutions then just don't live in that country
lmao no he could build a 1:1 replica of the hershey's factory and there's so worries
"id the president has any significant amount of power that could do something i don't like, then there just shouldn't be that power"

wtf guys what do you want the president to do
\>liberals focus on his tweets to much 
https://www.reddit.com/r/makemychoice/comments/6io0qv/what_food_should_i_get_for_a_homeless_guy/dj7ukty/

There's been more than one different person on the corner at any given time. I bought one of them a McChicken one time, he seemed pretty cool. That day wasn't as hot as today so I thought McDonald's wasn't that bad
update: I bought a gallon of water and a pack of turkey lunchmeat. Carrots was a really good suggestion, I wish I had stumbled on them when I was walking through Food Lion. I was cautious of the packaging thing.

When I went to the corner he was standing, he was gone but his cardboard sign and water bottle was still there so I guess he went to the bathroom or something. I left the bag on the corner in hopes that he would see it and understand it's for him. When I left the area an hour or so later, he was on the corner and the bag seemed untouched. If he doesn't drink/eat what I put out there I guess I understand and it set me back $4 so I'm okay. Maybe someone else will make use of it.
Dick
PKA is a good one. Just three guys having a good time. 

[ITunes](https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/painkiller-already/id369968602?mt=2)

[YouTube (with video)](http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0979520796B02D2C)

Also Joe Rogan is great for a similar reason. Just a cool guy and his guest having a conversation, though in his case the podcasts are pointed at the guest's expertise, PKA is more casual. 
Hello fellow Nate
Good. Continue to think that way. Only say things when you have some certainty that it's interesting, otherwise don't talk just to talk. If you're struggling on finding things to say that are interesting, I would guess that your measurement of that is off. One interesting thing happens to you almost every day. 
Being elected to literally any other office is a start
If you are the president, and you commit a crime, obstructing the investigation of that crime would be obstruction of justice. Under your logic, a president could do anything their hearts desire, and nothing could happen to them because they could just stop any investigations because that's legal? This sounds like the ability to have unchecked power.
>his promises PRE election and actions POST election are  more inline than any politician in the past 20 years

Please, I beg of you, elaborate on this point. Lock her up? Nope. Wall? Unlikely. Muslim ban? Even the one he wrote wasn't explicitly a Muslim ban, and that got shot down in courts more than once. 
Shitposting works for most people
>Its not illegal for president to fire his own special investigator

Yes it is, it's called obstruction of justice. That is a crime.
He's able to distance himself from the situation
This is something I struggled with! It helped me to keep in mind the fact that you don't actually want to date these girls, you just like the *idea* of dating them. Also as the top comment days, make real, impact friendships with either sex and that will help you as well
>($42,949,672.76) when expressed in cents, is exactly $0.19

I don't understand
>They know that Russia didn't "hack the election".

How is it possible after both Comey and Sessions testifying under oath that Russia had serious inference (by way of hacking) of our election, to deny that very fact? I don't understand what you think happened, exactly. Russia did it, end of story. 
So, in your logic, the only way to vote for a candidate is if agree with them on all policies? I would consider myself a pro-gun democrat and voting for a party that I disagree with on that issue does not change my opinion. All that means is that I place gun rights below other things, things that I care about more.

I care about making sure the poor have a social safety net more than I do the right to own assault weapons. This makes me vote Democratic. This just means I have different priorities.
tfw you live in 2017 and don't use bluetooth
>dafuq

>9gag 2011
The above comment was something to the effect that it's great that you can get your informing straight from the president because that's how you can get the unfiltered truth. This sentiment ignores the fact that the president has every vested interest, when people think like that, to lie. Because the press whose job it is to call out lies, no one believes. 

And I think that Trump is exactly as untrustworthy as the media says. I would say that he's probably not villain, Frank Underwood-like, but I honestly cannot trust a single word he says. He literally stood in the rain and the next day told everyone it was sunny. 
Breaks rule 2, feel free to elaborate on what is exactly ironic
Taylor (paraphrasing): HBO Now should be renamed to "HBO When It's God Damned Good and Ready"

because Now gets shows the day after and pirating is easier than struggling with HBO Now
The amount of political energy a comment has is inversely proportionate to the amount of effort that comment has
confirmed. totally legit guy
lol judging the ideological divide of a country based off a sub with less than 10k subs is crazy. look at polls of hot-button issues and you'll see that there's a slimmer divide than you might think. most people don't have all these tightly held beliefs, that's just the media wanting you to think that about other people so you can think you're better than them because *you're* so intellectual. 

got onto a rant. am a mod of /r/POTUSWatch by the way. we have a lot of trump supporters because we were afraid of the left-leaning comments sections being discouraging for both conservatives and liberals. turns out the same thing happens when you bring people in from t_d. we're working on making the conversation be, not equal, but better all around. i feel like having the t_d members, after i remove all the bad comments, i lots of great discussion happens

not sure why i typed so much for a comment that's going to be seen by 3 people lol
update: it was my brother's phone the entire time, i just figured no one would believe me so i pretended that it was mine. i understand that no one believes the "asking for a friend' type posts

it was in power saving mode so no thumbprint and settings wouldn't let him enable using usb devices until i unlock it. just had to reset the phone. thankfully he got his pictures backed up. If you don't have the google photos app, install is it and forget about it! it will back up your photos without you having to stress ever again. don't wait till it's too late
oops thought this was a pm lmao
Dang I got it mixed up. HBO Now is what I have, and it's the day after. 
With Now, it's typically the day or morning after     
>unhappiness is worse than happiness 
Inb4 this pic gets posted to /r/malehairadvice
Having an identity by acknowledging the fact that races have different culture is not the same as saying one race is better than another
I mean if you don't interact with any liberals in your day to day out on Facebook it's not that hard to believe 
You should upvote when you think something is important. 
The point of this subreddit is to trim the fat that detaches people from what the president did/said from what they hear. Analysis of a tweet is necessary because of the nature of 140 characters, but that shouldn't be the barrier to entry when it comes to finding out what the president said on this subreddit.
Do you mind posting a picture with your username written beside it? I don't mean to bother but it seems like every review of this product seems a little off, which is the only reason why I'm so skeptical. Has someone like Unbox Therapy or Linus reviewed this product? I can't find anyone who has that has any kind of reputation.
Interesting. Aevann hasn't been active in the discord today. I'll be sure to talk to him about it
The President has a message, if we stop that message from being spread because he's advocating the things that he is doing, that wouldn't be neutrality. The point of this sub is to give the user a read of what the President/his administration has said/done, and that user makes up their own opinion on it. If that's bias, I don't know what isn't.

>But it feels like in every post ends up with stupid memes and name-calling about snowflakes, Bill Clinton being a rapist, MAGA, shocking!

Please report these comments. 

>* ALL existing subscribers need to commit to reporting rule breakers. 

This is very much welcome. 

>* Anyone who breaks the rules should be banned.  

So far, we've only banned one person and that was me because someone called me a retard. Banning is pretty severe, we don't want to moderate with an iron fist, but removing comments is certainly practiced. 

>* Rule 2 should be extended to ALL posts, not just top-level.  

That's how I've been enforcing it. The only reason "top-level" is still there is because I haven't gotten around to changing it. Will do that soon. 

>* Automod needs to find the most common shitposts (at any tier) and automatically remove or set them for review.  

We already have this in place, though automod only reports it, it does not put comments up to review

>* We need feedback from the mods on how we can help.  What is being reported vs what is actually valid?  Are we reporting the right things?

You can report more, that'd be nice. And for the most part, you guys have been reporting the right things. 
Agreed. However, moderating comments isn't as simple you might guess. We're constantly having to balance the removal of shitposts with what could be seen as censorship of certain ideas. 
>something the President says about his policies is going to be biased in his favor

what.
Removed for low effort. 


It's not against the rules, it's just that question posts are a grey area and we mods want to get good examples of whay question threads are good and which are subject to removal
That's one defense, sure. I just think that Trump's sons profiting also means that Trump is profiting, because they're so close together 
I agree kinda. I think we need to limit how the amount of tweets on our sub, but I do still think they're relevant to us
Was going to remove but the body had effort put into it. Good job OP. 
Giving money to Trump's sons is too close to giving money to Trump. 
Yes, and if you're trying to deflect by saying "But Hillary!" then you should be a surrogate for Trump on cable news
The reason T_D hasn't been banned yet is because it's the only pro-Trump sub and the admins fear that a ban would literally bring down their website with all the green frog people screaming "freeeeee speeeeeech"
But it *can* be. That's the problem, it can be direct bribery and if it were bribery this is exactly what it would look like
I'll paste the text here

>No title of nobility shall be granted by the United States: and no person holding any office of profit or trust under them, shall, without the consent of the Congress, accept of any present, emolument, office, or title, of any kind whatever, from any king, prince, or foreign state.

It doesn't specifically say president, and it is in Article 1, so that would mean that it applies to any government official. Keep in mind this is **direct** transfer of money from a government to an elected official
I'll repeat my response to the last similar comment. 

If you think that watching the President is unfair to him, then you're probably not fit for the sub. 
>retard

Rule 1. Also, abolish and ban are synonymous in the context of the 13th amendment and slavery
"you're full of shit" is close enough to rule 1.
Foreign governments giving money directly to the President is not normal. It directly violates the Emoluments Clause
I can't answer your question, but Snowden was a contractor as well. He had all that information and wasn't even that high up
You didn't have any reports. 
> implying people unironically support communism in 2017

Also, "you're full of shit". You had great points but you broke rule 1. Removed. 
Most of our debt was to curb the effects of the recession, but that's besides the point because you broke rule 1.
>You disgust me. 

You were on the line until this. Removed. 
If you think that watching the President is unfair to him, then you're probably not fit for the sub. 
You were probably thinking of /r/Keep_Track but /r/POTUSWatch is objectively better

Source: am mod of /r/POTUSWatch
>Tell that to the middle eastern people blowing shit up 

As I stated above, statements like these will be removed. It didn't help that you provided no elaboration, fostering no further discussion. 
>An example of what i am talking about is Islam. Is it racist to say middle eastern people seem to like blowing shit up?

If by this you mean painting the Muslim world with a broad stroke, meaning that the populous is entirely less civilized than the west, yes that is against the rules. 

Also, just read the rules before you comment. They're not that long. 
Removed for low effort. 


Removed for low effort. 
If I was constantly talking about how great drugs are, (the parallel being Trump complementing Putin, Russia in general) and my friends were known drug dealers (Flynn, Manafort) and also last November we pulled of the most unexpected drug deal ever, and I profited millions of dollars because of it, then yes, there would be reason to see if I'm a drug dealer or if that's all just coincidence 

^(sorry for the run on sentence)
Removed as it's not directly related to Trump/the White House. The FDA, sure, but the article wasn't talking about, say, Trump's-appointed FDA director. 
In the future, keep comments like "Thoughts?" out of the title. Thank you. 
I'm open to the idea. Some users are already flaired "Republican". I don't know if that's to their own accord or by /u/Aevann
You can see which posts/comments we remove at [this link](https://r.go1dfish.me/r/POTUSWatch). 
Doesn't matter, rules are rules
Good but in the future add your question to the title
>I get it though. The United States doesn't really teach math or science effectively and it has become apparent that this is detrimental to public policy. 

Dang man you had good points until you broke rule 1. Removed. 
This is so on the border of being an acceptable question post, I'm going to have to remove it. If OP had given any speculation of their own, then it would have stayed. 

An equally relevant question would be "So Sarah Silverman campaigned with Bernie Sanders. What has she got to do with President Trump?"

Post removed.
removed because rule 1
>Your sources are stupid bullshit and they don't even say what you claim they say.

removed because rule 1 and lack of quality
This is an approved question post because it's quality enough to keep up. This is the absolute minimum a question post has to be for it to be kept up. Question and Meta posts are a grey-area for us moderators so we're trying to establish what we want them to be early on. It's staying up.
So Russia being in our elections is just a fact of life?
Removed not because of the opinion but because of the lack of quality. 
Lol my intent wasn't to change your mind
The evidence was the release of Podesta and DNC emails. 
That's because there actually was no rigging against Trump. However, there was influence by Russia in his favor. We know that for a fact, the question is whether or not Trump welcomed, or even encouraged, this influence.
I mean it's different when it's America. If I were Israeli then I'd be mad at America. 

And how do they pay? Sanctions.
>All presidents back channel with russia, china, etc.  Nothing about this is new.

If Trump colluded to interfere with the election, then yes that's new. 

Also, it's an interesting hypocrisy saying "I'd be happy to see evidence" and also "why is there still an investigation"
>So it's not exactly a leap to insinuate that the mayor is telling people not to be alarmed because of the terrorism. 

I disagree. It totally is. 
Question posts are allowed. We are currently trying to set precedent that they should be quality, sincere questions. 
Agreed. Us mods are trying to figure out how to balance the discussion in the subreddit. 
>that he hadn't talked to any Russians **about election matters.**

You made that last part up
So an investigation that looks into the integrity of our democracy should be quicker than a typical Supreme Court case? How long did Watergate take?
Just because you can't give a specific number of people who changed their votes doesn't make it a wash. It happened, and Russia should pay for it. This isn't a "oh well it happens" situation. War on democracy is war on the west.
I'm asking you, in what context does the phrase "I haven't talked to any Russians" make it not a lie if we know he spoke to the ambassador?
Removed for obvious trolling
IIRC, the NSA, CIA and FBI independent of any other agency reached the same conclusion that Russia interfered with the election. Then 15 other intelligence agencies signed onto that report. 
>I haven't talked to any Russians

#

>it comes out that Sessions met with the Russian ambassador

Is that not lying? It's okay to meet with ambassadors, that's what they're for. The fact he lied about it is the troubling part
How is Michael Flynn qualified to lead the FBI?
>DNC promotes Marxism

You've got to be trolling. Removed. 
It is.
The purpose of the investigation is to see if there is any evidence
>What kind of cucks do they think we are? They invite us here and expect us to play nice with the lefties?  



Yes, we do.  
I still don't
Removed, rule 3
Lol this isn't true. Us mods wanted more right leaning comments here, so we reached out. 
There is no meme magic. Serious posts only please. 
Removed, rule 2
But isn't trusting the President more dangerous? Because of the President lies, and then you don't trust anyone that tells you it was a lie, then we have a climate where the president can lie and get away with it
http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198067837943
Was it really that long ago? Geez
Stephen Crowder had an interesting response to this video 

https://youtu.be/ZmQSt0K-RKQ
not calling Trump an egotistical moron because of a typo in no way turns me into an apologist

Maybe you have a point with the Sean Spicer thing when he said that "a select group of people understand the meaning" but again that's just funny. I'll pick my battles over what to get outraged over. This tweet does not deserve outrage, it deserves luls. There's plenty of other things to focus your outrage on
lol I'm not an apologist I think this is a funny tweet and if you interpret some kind of egotistical stubbornness from this, you we're already looking for that conclusion. 
>His responses sound like what a child would do when caught making a silly mistake. 

I disagree here, it sounds like someone who's saying "ahh, ya got me"
Nah it's just him owning a mistake. It was a typo and I think this is his version of "heh lol" 
That's a good point. I would argue that if he was innocent, given his ego, he'd be acting this same way. He cares a lot about his name
dang dude chill
Yeah those words, that, you know, are words
\>leaks are fake news

\>these leakers must go to jail

Didn't a journalist point out this exact contradiction at his press briefing that he did himself? And then he said something like "The leaks are real but the reports are fake"
Mom is pronounced "mawh-m". Is mum as well? Because I thought it was "muh-m"
Not specifically poetry but /r/writing
mOm and dAd
He's some kind of doberman mix, other than that I don't know
/u/Sethbling
I literally slap my desk if I get it right
Because every second the treasury grows!
reporting back

did you bamboozle us?
My point is that there are many people who vote down red party lines that don't think that. They don't demonize welfare programs, they just want their AR-15s to be kept legal
It's so that kids can think that other animals have senses like people do. It makes them think outside of their own body, having to put themselves in the perspective of a fish. Putting yourself into different perspectives is really important for early childhood learning because it's not real. Taking not-physically-real things seriously is the basis for mathematics
Not a question but I think that the dems are losing because of the gun issue. I really believe that if they would just drop the gun control thing, Texas would be a blue state. Many people believe in a social safety very for the poor, a higher minimum wage, increase in banking regulations, and the ability to own assault weapons. 

Thing is, that last one affects these people who vote Republican the most. That being, they're not on government subsidies, minimum wage, and the banking regulations won't have a direct impact on their lives. Gun control will. 

If the dems would get on board with the ability to have big, scary looking guns, they'd have control of both houses of Congress
You could make a religion out of t-



No don't.


https://i.imgur.com/qMvx1Se.gifv
> abortion

#

> not politics
How to fix this problem is a debate us mods have been having since the sub's inception. The second we remove certain comments for being low quality, we open the door for users to complain (rightfully) that we *could* be censoring opinions. What if I think a comment is low quality, but it gives a view point that isn't commonly seen? I want that new perspective to be appreciated, but then when I allow that low-effort comment, and not others (in this example, ones that reflect very popular opinions), that's censorship. 
You can use the Xbox smartglass app
I hope you're doing okay and if you're not I hope you get the help you need
Not sure if I should reply with a [list of suicide prevention hotlines](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_suicide_crisis_lines?wprov=sfla1) or "me irl"
...of 2015
Do you have a job already there?
>thereof of
If it's a game, idk but if you just want to know where a quote came from /r/tipofmytongue can help
I don't like him because his entire schtick is calling people buzzwords and calling that resistance. 
And this is while Congress is currently in session, not just at any time
My bad, I didn't know that was included (or a thing) will repost
The point isn't to scare people! It's for the people to *think* they could be scared at any second
This is expected though, it happens all the time in stand-up. 
It's not meant to be common, it's meant to always be looming over you, making you fear the day it comes. 
Just graduated high school, most people I talk to who play video games know of reddit. It's pretty much the same amount of people, so kinda common
Is that real?
>historical accuracy

#

>zombies
This is the best word for my context. Thanks
Tfw you upload 10 videos in almost 2 months
>years ago


>1 year ago   
Same. I've been listening to DAMN. on repeat for the past week
ann-arch-key
I use two of my mouse's macro keys for volume up/down and that is the only way I could listen 
[for those out of the loop](https://www.reddit.com/r/ethoslab/comments/6828m3/gardening_time/dgvfhlm/)

I like that last pic best
Bojack Horseman. It's not a similar show, I recommend it to 13RW watchers for its depressing reflection into yourself. That's why I like ,13RW, because I related with the theme of "person who thinks they're a good person but really they're not". That gave me some perspective, and so does Bojack. The crushing of your soul after irreversible mistakes, and how to cope with that is a common theme. 
And when they only had one or two ad reads, not five or six
Copying an old comment but here we go. I'll try to tell it in fast-forward.

I was a collegiate swimmer and both the men's and women's swim team went to Puerto Rico for winter training camp.  We had just finished our morning work out, went back to our hotel rooms, and showered up.  

I went over to one of the rooms packed with girls to figure out what we were going to do for lunch.  Two or three of them were in towels but assured me that it was fine to come in anyway.  Whatever, I'm down.  Because everybody was so fit and in swim suits so often it made us a bit less shy.

Well, as we were planning lunch a 4th girl, Maria, came out of the bathroom/shower wearing a towel around her waist like a guy does.  She saw me and remained frozen like a deer in the headlights.  I smiled a little bit like this guy while I soaked in the show: http://media.giphy.com/media/yO8qLCUbTfiBG/giphy.gif

It's been about 20 years since then. I imagine that Maria has had a few kids, gained a few pounds, and lived a normal life.  However, in my memory she'll always be that perfect 10 with a towel around her waist. 
I wouldn't call it fake, the congressman did say the thing in the title, it's just disingenuous because he did say "to no fault of their own" referring to people work pre-existing conditions
https://youtu.be/CTS_uiVU9PU

Please watch this 1:30 video. The congressman's argument is very different than the one depicted in the headline. 
It's okay to reject a compliment like that. It seems like the guy isn't trying to make you feel better, rather he thinks that somehow giving you a compliment will eventually lead to some kind of relationship. See: catcalling

That's the difference, is the intention for you or is outside it for his self interest? It's normally the latter with guys like that. 
Think of all the English-speaking people on Facebook. Well over 200 million. It's possible that of all those people and their complex lives, that this post is legitimate. So many things happen, it's possible that this happened. 


It's really easy to say "ignore the rest of the world, America first" when you're campaigning, but when governing I think Trump realized that you can't ignore those things. Also it's not fair to compare with North Korea because there have been recent developments with their ability to produce long range missiles
>background is faked

I noticed this because she's "standing" on a steep hill and the stabber coming into camera doesn't reflect that.
But karma get fuzzy the more karma it has. I get your point though, and the fact that this post has more than 100 karma gives us just as much information as a strawpoll would
He was recently on a podcast discussing his path to weight loss
*black thinky guy*
Why?
That's because he does 10 years worth of production in one day /s
Mac can right click with command + click
TALK TO THE HAND
Like [Trump becoming president](https://youtu.be/ZtparSnQhFc)
Explain?
gotta save the savory sticky icky
But how many people die in capitalist counties because they can't afford food? Just saying that people die of starvation either way
You mean /r/FULLCOMMUNISM?
You have been invited to be a moderator of /r/FULLCOMMUNISM
So Congress and those who work for the representatives have to buy some form of Obamacare? It's strange how this has never been mentioned. Not one congressman who I've heard talk about how awful it is has reflected their own experiences with it. 
If you watch YouTube often, especially on mobile where adblock is more difficult, YouTube Red is worth it. It comes with a Google Play Music subscription, which is basically Spotify Premium. The song selection is really good, has all the newest albums, though I've heard it's easier to get on Spotify than it is Google Music so they probably have more indie artists. 

Also the downloading videos thing is pretty cool. And I use the background video playing every night so I can fall asleep to videos and not have my screen on. Though, if I turn on autoplay all night my phone is really hot when I wake up.

The Red Originals are petty meh. The only ones I've seen are Rooster Teeth's Lazer Team (though that's not really an original) and Vsauce's Mindfield, both of which are worth the watch. 
Yeah, I like him. Didn't he talk down about one of Trump's comments a day or two after he was appointed? It's possible that was just political theater but I liked it. He seemed pretty sensible. While he's right-wing, he's certainly not crazy. A perfect example of someone who I can disagree with but still respect.
...did he?
FlairMyPostBot allows the user a grace period
Well even the families of those dying under Assad aren't terrorists
But maybe it was in rubber bands?
My bad, haven't been here in awhile
[This was the vote](http://imgur.com/a/vQtvW) that allowed Neil Gorsuch to be confirmed with a simple majority, rather than 60 votes which has been the norm since George H.W. Bush's administration, according to Senator John Cornyn, a republican from Texas and the majority whip in the Senate. 


[Screenshot](http://imgur.com/a/OE6U3) of the vote that pronouced Neil Gorsuch to do the Supreme Court. This vote would have failed if it were held to the 60 vote standard that has been usual for some time, but the Senate rules were changed ("the nuclear option" has been the buzzword both the media and the politicians have been using) for this vote to allow a simple majority to approve the nominee for the Supreme Court. 

[Screenshot](http://imgur.com/a/OE6U3) of the vote that pronouced Neil Gorsuch to do the Supreme Court. This vote would have failed if it were held to the 60 vote standard that has been usual for some time, but the Senate rules were changed ("the nuclear option" has been the buzzword both the media and the politicians have been using) for this vote to allow a simple majority to approve the nominee for the Supreme Court. 

A list of yeas and nays will be posted as soon as I can find such a list.
[This was the vote](http://imgur.com/a/vQtvW) that allowed Neil Gorsuch to be confirmed with a simple majority, rather than 60 votes which has been the norm since George H.W. Bush's administration, according to Senator John Cornyn, a republican from Texas and the majority whip in the Senate. 
I don't have any experience with it, but AirDroid has this feature
The first episode is the worst episode. That awkward handjob scene makes me puke every time. After that it's done of the best ~60 hours of television history
That YouTube Red footnote made me feel better for buying YouTube Red. I really don't like ads but I also want to support their content
Lol it's a meme
Perfect 5/7
What's the majority of that time spent doing? Emails? Programming? Selling?
Get an electric skateboard Casey Neistat style
And this would last until you die, as student loans are not dissolved in a bankruptcy
https://i.redd.it/nwa1l1gvimpy.jpg

Just right click and save to
Commenting before subreddit is archived 
But don't you want to be a GOOD BOYE
I had a Guaminian friend in middle school. His name was Devon. Two questions for you

1) Do you know Devon?

2) The military base that's there, what's the culture around it? John Oliver talked about how most people there feel really attached and many become soldiers themselves
Fixed
Everything under 3200 characters is a copypasta from [the library of Babel](https://www.libraryofbabel.info) 
Go to /r/place in browser
But compasses point towards ~~your bed~~ world spawn
You're fine, it's probably the same. Thanks for the answer (:
Okay thanks. It is an m.2, does that make any difference?
Is Chrome bad for an SSD? If so, how can I make it less bad?
Amazon has HBO Go? Can you explain? Does it have Game of Thrones? Is it a part of Prime?

I know they have some HBO original series that are really old like The Wire and stuff. It's unlikely you'll get them. I suggest getting a free month of HBO Go (there's probably a number of ways to do it, I got it by going through the app, it's possible you can do the same on the website), watching to your heart's desire, then cancel the trial before it's over.
1) Our goal with the subreddit is that people can go there and see "The president/cabinet member did/said X" and then move on. We're trying to balance this. For example, does Devin Nunes' role in the current investigations noteworthy for our subreddit? This is an alignment us mods are still debating.

4) /u/Aevann didn't want people going through his profile and seeing that there were also other similar subreddits he's modded to while he's mod of /r/Trump_Watch because that could lead into a messy situation with users. I know that my own test sub had hundreds on a blank (for them) subreddit when it was trending.
Why didn't you just link to the tweet?
> (a name that implies you are "watching what he is doing wrong" or something like that)

This is almost entirely the reason we changed the subreddit's name. 
Co-founder of /r/POTUSWatch here

We're at 3000 subs and our post with the most amount of karma has a hair over 100. Our previous subreddit, /r/Trump_Watch, did hit the front page once but that was over a Trump tweet that would have made it to the front page no matter which subreddit posted it. To your criticism on the hiding when it was created, I was unaware this was a thing. 

Also to what extent are we an anti-Trump subreddit? I've heard this criticism often and I'm curious what we're doing to make people think that. If we actually are an anti-Trump subreddit, please let us know what mistakes we've made, you can see our modlog [here](https://www.ceddit.com/r/POTUSWatch/about/log#?theme=POTUSWatch). 
Sorry, it's over. Crazy how fast people see these posts
This is also a good video if you want to understand how the Circuit courts work, the map they provide is very useful for understanding the Circuit court level and how that interacts with the Supreme Court
RemindMe! 1 year
Or Jews
It was for the 10th circuit
Yes but you would have to follow only the president of you only wanted notifications from his Twitter account.
Excuse my reddit history because I started on this site in 2013 but there wasn't as many president-specific subreddits in general. Our big motivation for this subreddit was an attempt to be different than all the other Trump-based subreddits in that we only post statements or actions by the Trump or his administration. This is not a trait you see in most other POTUS subs. 

If the idea was brought to me during the Obama administration, I would have just as much interest and dedication for the goal of this subreddit.
I'm a mod/co-founder of that subreddit. I ask for any instances of us moderators being right leaning. You can view our public modlog [here](https://www.ceddit.com/r/POTUSWatch/about/log#?theme=POTUSWatch)
We will do our best to stick to our roots. If you have any suggestions on how to best complete this goal, please shoot us a modmail.
I liked the big boxes /:
If it's peaceful, they do not. An exception is with the Dakota Access protests which is a very unique story. Also blocking traffic is considered as non-peaceful to many so people do get put into zipties (opposed to handcuffs) for that. 

A great example of American protests is the women's march that happened the day after Trump took office. No one was arrested and it remained peaceful in every city it took place in. 

However the criticism of that protest was that there was a lot of litter in many cities for whatever reason. I get that criticism, I just think that the peaceful-ness of the protest outweighs that criticism.  
How does that guy fit all that hair into his helmet? 
The polls weren't off by that much. They said she'd win by 2-3% and she did (remember, she got the popular vote). Even in swing states, those polls that said she would win in states she eventually lost were only of by 2-4%, well within the margins of error. 
Anecdotally, I was thoroughly confused with the battle.net and blizzard relationship when I started playing Overwatch a few months back
Could you explain further? I didn't see much editorializing in this article.
big if true
World
Lol I love how OP's first thought is "who's going to get into my reddit account?!"
If it was an Android I suggest using [android device manager](https://www.google.com/android/devicemanager) to either lock or wipe your phone
I like that app but it does take up a lot of space so watch out 
I think that's the point. They wrote for a reality where Clinton was president, (because remember everyone believed she would win) and in that reality the memberberries stuff is wrapped up and satisfactory.  

And because Trump became president, they were not prepared for that and they didn't want to have some alternate reality where Clinton is president because that would ruin the topical nature of the season
That dude's voice is nightmare fuel
As a fellow Nathan I really admire your username. I also enjoy NateyMatey and Checknate but both are taken ):
That first one is so good
Yeah that's what I meant lol. It might take some time though because they don't show up too often
Get legendaries when they show up in the shop
He can see the subtitles
Thanks for the recommendations! And the USBs are actually better there for my setup. 
I didn't know what modular meant lol. Thanks for the heads up
The Lin rap in that is one of my favorites
Because it's cold and windy?
But what about when people on harder drugs start hurting other people? 
I like Hurricane but it's really short. Wait For It has the big climax similar to Hurricane and it's a full minute longer
I miss the Hermitcraft modded series ): 
Watching that episode right now lol. I like how Mac points out the gang's dynamic (Frank is muscle, Charlie is wildcard, etc). Really good breaking down of the fourth wall
"I don't know why people call Neanderthals narrow-minded. Their foreheads are huge!"
How do you keep your bangs from getting into your eyes?
No bamboozles
I don't get that though. Assuming that it is a VPN or a proxy, how is there one in North Korea? Because I don't think there are companies with servers in North Korea, right?
Nice catch!
me irl
If she had gotten you drunk for the intention of raping you, it would be the same thing. Call the police to at least prevent her from doing this to others
Until I watched Rick and Morty, I thought this sub was for either Tammy in Parks and Rec
I had a dream that they did a concert kind of show. Live and in real life
If you don't find him funny in the past couple of episodes, you probably won't at all. His audience will laugh at literally anything. Even Colbert's or Maher's audience will ignore a joke sometimes because they're not funny; Oliver's will always laugh.

I think he has one or two solid jokes in each episode because I hate the "which is like saying..." fifteen times an episode. But I get past this because he is pretty informative but it's still annoying
Having Roy Cooper is the best thing that happened for me in this past election. 

The loser of the race didn't want to concede for awhile because the votes were so close. It was really stressful lol
According to the isidewith political quiz, he is against term limits. It is directly against his interests, of course he wouldn't want to stop himself from being a senator
Wow and that one only had 160 upvotes
I was referencing people like feministfrequency
More watermarks pls
Not really, but the Echo situation seems more scary for whatever reason. Probably because it looks kinda like a microphone, it's in a specific location like what people predicted in the past. 

Also I guess it's hard to believe that any tech company has a recording of everything that every phone has heard. That would just be too much data when you multiply it by the hundreds of millions of people with an Android phone. 

Anecdotally, I can tell that my phone isn't looking for "Okay Google" sometimes. I would have to open the app, then it would work.   
Praise Papa
I suggest sticking to the second picture. Looks great!
Wait really? Did you actually kick a lot off the team?
Seriously. I think it was on /r/QuotesPorn where someone said "The only thing Orwell couldn't predict is people willingly putting microphones into their houses"
The women in my life who stopped identifying as feminist namely did it because of the kind of people who represent this new wave of feminism. 
Feces
split screen on S6 Edge marshmallow https://imgur.com/gallery/pZVX2   
But isn't today entirely disproven with GPS? Just go to the border of Sweden, go to do border of Sweden, then drive to the Russian border
The woman trying to impress her friends by inviting a black woman says "Work!" and snaps her fingers the same way the Schuyler Sisters do in The Schulyer Sisters
Mod of /r/Trump_Watch here. Can you explain why people keep thinking we're anti-Trump? Honestly curious, you're not the first person to make such a claim.

To clarify, we are a sub that simply posts statements or actions by the White House. Our comment section currently has a heavy anti-Trump bias and us mods are currently attempting at a solution at that. 
What do you do when people aren't stuck? Just sit around?
System
Get an interest and pursue it. Make it the thing you look forward to throughout the day
It's a 50/50 split here in the US if you pronounce aunt like 'ant' or 'ah-nt'
Bath
That's the joke, that the democrats would take something that everyone likes and market it so poorly; just like they do with their policies
Maybe it's because it's an amazing musical
Me
On
GallowBoob gets reported very often so /r/bestofreports stopped allowing submissions by him to avoid the same jokes over and over
I don't see the difference between "I'm not into black dudes" and "I wouldn't date a black dude" 
Trudeau
You can still get an [i5 6600](https://jet.com/product/Intel-Core-i5-6600-6M-Skylake-Quad-Core-33-GHz-LGA-1151-65W-BX80662I56600-Deskto/1d5c35a81f6b40a19e64834879f3b1c0) (not K or M) for $157.21 with codes "TRIPLE15" and "ELECTRICMARCH30" 
Mod of /r/Trump_Watch here. We're actually the opposite of what OP described. Our sub is for monitoring what the president does or says, nothing more. No memes, speculation, editorials, just the meat is what he does. Of course the comment section is for discourse, but not posts. 
As long as they're not red
He **literally** stood in the rain and later told everyone that it was sunny.
Didn't Bernie lose the black demographic in the primary?
He is an excellent podcast host. Very knowledgeable on how to get someone to talk about very deep subjects without a lot of setup
CNN IS ON TV IN THE BACKGROUND

I'M DEAD
But, if the future you also experienced this going into the future, then the future you would have also tried to be happy. It would be the exact same choices that you will eventually make, and that means that there is no escape from whether or not you will be happy
This is a thing across all devices and no there isn't a way to stop it
OH SNAP ITS MY BIRTHDAY

THIS IS SO INTERESTING

I've never seen a thread titled anything similar to this except for *my* birthday

Happy bday OP (:
Is that place really as rich as people say? I get the big buildings and stuff but I've also heard that they're  built by a handful of oil overlords. Like how do your average schoolmates live? What's the average quality of life? Do you experience any privileges of living in such a rich place?
/uj

This isn't bad advice. Loneliness is fine when you're not ashamed of it

/j

And tell them you're going to leave your car running in your garage for double reverse psychology and telling them your expertise is vehicles!
Missing those dank sideburns
This happens regularly with Bill Maher
Tfw you have to clarify you're not defending slavery but you are defending the ability to date a 14 year old. Literally Milo level shit right here
Many of those who were against recognizing gay marriage on a federal level used the argument of state's rights. Remember that it was not a law that made all states recognize gay marriage, it was a supreme court case (Obergefell v. Hodges)
It's going to be great to hear people defend state's rights when it comes to civil rights (gay marriage namely) and do a 180 when it comes to marijuana
You can also do different sizes depending on the number of #s

#one hashtag

##two hashtags

###three hashtags

####four hashtags

#####five hashtags
I got it for the legendary and gold, the gems were a bonus
About how much would it cost to buy all 54 of those? Asking for a friend
I know you're looking for advice and all but you look fine. I would say to shave the sides but other than that keep rocking it man
Lmao they all have bunk beds

How do you even train them to use those
Thanks for the answer
https://www.reddit.com/r/washingtondc/comments/5v0kjn/whats_this_flag_supposed_to_mean/ddztfbk
YOOOO THAT'S CRAZY

I've seen so many Nates on this site but never another Y3K in the wild

The origin is that my first fascination with the past was Y2K and the whole shindig that was, how society reacted to a technology scare. I was born in 2000 so I didn't remember it, so my dad told me about it. So when I was 12 I thought about Y3K, and that's where my username comes from.
But the qualifying word is "radical." If that's the portion of Islam he's talking about, not the peaceful portion, how is that not correct?
Still, in this case the squatter is doing something wrong. The fetus did not purposefully do anything wrong, it's just a fetus.
All these comments make it sound scary. I always heard that it was because your sweat glands are dirty and the only way to properly clean them is, well, through sweat. 

Anecdotally, when I sweat three days in a row, on the third day it doesn't feel weird because my pores are clean
For real though, use LastPass. If you use the app and the chrome extension it's easier than remembering passwords and more secure 
>no taxation without representation

#

>except for the capital that's cool 
I'm confused. Isn't he one of the guys standing up to Trump? Isn't he apart of the Senate intelligence committee or something?
Most of Texas is the way /u/CyberneticPanda described, especially if you go to the bigger, more liberal cities like Austin or Dallas. The "rednecks" there aren't much different than those from South Carolina or Florida. 
I made jokes about that all the time. No one cares. Someone who would actually shoot up a school wouldn't say things like "I'm gonna shoot up this school"
Where are the xbows?
Yeah
Can we get some pics? And maybe ask one of your cooler, older cousins to do an AMA (or one on /r/casualiama)
BC
What is up with those fingers? Are they the same length?
Joe Rogan was talking about the theory that he got his hair attached on by some Indian company. Story has it that the Indian company went out of business because of how awful they are with the hair, except for one office. That one office is in Trump Tower

Absolutely no sources on this except Joe Rogan said it.
WOW 32 SUBSCRIBERS

VERY SUBSTANTIAL
>No doubt.  But, life is full of compromises.  

This is the bs that anyone can say every time someone complains. This argument makes no sense because it is always valid. Life is full of compromises, but why do you have to make this vague "not everything goes your way" point? It bugs me because it requires no thinking, no explanation and often no one calls it out on what it is: a nonsensical, vague, meaningless statement. It's just a way to discredit someone's very reasonable complaint because *reasons*

I don't understand who this person is you're talking to who honestly believes there is no such thing as compromise. 



> does that mean money matters more than principle?  

Yes. Have you ever heard of the phrase "fuck you money"? It's the idea that people who have enough money are the ones able to call people out on their dumb shit and not have to worry about their career ending, and if it does, that's okay because they have enough money to be able to say "fuck you". 

This same concept applies here with state politics. "Don't like it? Why don't you just move?" That's not an option for most people. It's like saying to pull yourself up by your bootstraps *literally*. It's impossible for most.    
So if Trump isn't talking about policy / the host isn't criticizing his policies that's unacceptable? Let the candidate be a person
I don't understand why this comment is so heavily upvoted. Why do kettle trust this comment any more than the title?
/r/personalfinance 

Check out the sidebar
You should get into budgeting man
**REVERSE RACISM!!!**
That doesn't answer my question lol
What is it?
We are ALL bread on the blessed day (:
Of
In
Both when I open the notification in the app and when I open the notification outside of the app, when I press the back button it takes me to the home screen. 
Actually when I go to modmail through notifications, it behaves as I described in the OP. When I use the three-three-dot, it works well.
Nevermind, it works now. No idea why. 
When I go into modmail and press the back key, it just closes the app, bringing me to the home screen. It doesn't give me a "do you want to exit the app?" message and it doesn't crash. 
Because HB2 also got rid of discrimination protection from gay and trans people. 
Your bubble is showing
So no number exists with a 555 in the middle?
I always see those as low class (America)
I co-founded a subreddit /r/Trump_Watch for a very similar purpose
linguini. 
Is there an article or something where I can read more about this? Getting news from facebook style images with text isn't a great idea.
will
Lol even metric users use centimeters for height 
+1 for the great semicolon usage
I really like the gifs
It's because the sparky would have shot before the ice spirit would have finished the animation freezing the sparky. It totally makes sense and if this weren't a game mechanic everyone would be even more mad
>for what exactly 

Again, the rule was to keep conversations civil so fights didn't break out
PhillyD explained that the rule was set in place because senators would talk trash about each other and would start fighting lol
I would like to see this same graph applied to local and state elections that don't get national media coverage
>Jon Batiste and Stay Human

I've always wondered if the band was Stay Human or Stay Human Everybody because Colbert always says "Say hello to Jon Batiste and Stay Human, everybody!" 
Is there a subreddit for the actual Superbowl?
*idubbz triggered*
I posted it because it was sung by Daveed Diggs lol
*I'm takin' this horse by the reins making redcoats redder with bloodstains*
*I know my sister like I know my own mind, you will never find anyone as trusting or as kind*
Or, you know, the sixth and eighth amendments ^guantanamo ^^bay
You know he means it because he actually went on Twitter lol
This has an implicit bias as to which games they rate
what's up fellow Nate

It may be confirmation bias but I swear there is no other first name used in a reddit username more than Nate
You can post this to /r/malehairadvice
A dot Purr
There is a lot of historical precedent for Japan to not accept immigrants/refugees
Shameless plug: /r/Trump_Watch is a sub aimed at having posts that are nothing more than the statements or actions done my the Trump administration. That way, people can form their own opinions on the action before reading someone else's. 
Can we please make it a thing? Having a slur to insult corrupt politicians with 
You can screen mirror if not. It's not great but it's something
Though it's not exactly what you suggested, humility works very well for my context.
I don't get it ):
Though this doesn't exactly fit it, this is the word I was looking for.
Are you alright?
/r/LateStageCapitalism
I'm a millennial so I don't like labels
In seriousness, I was told that the founder was Bill Gates' daughter's tutor. Bill really liked him so he funded his project to do basic lessons online and it started from there
I'm sorry, but wouldn't you guys (Republicans, this sub, and the National Review) say this about any pick Trump nominated?
As a mod of /r/Trump_Watch, I like how that sub is not on this list. 
/uj

That was objectively the saddest part of any tv comedy ever
I share a nickname with a guy who used to know the guy in the OP. How do I turn that into internet points?
Yes, but more focused on Trump.
As a moderator of /r/Trump_Watch, I understand your criticism. My hope is that this subreddit will be respected by people like you who have given up on other "unbiased" subs such as /r/politics.
This description is pretty vague. I'll refer you to [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/trendingsubreddits/comments/5qzhmz/trending_subreddits_for_20170130_rumpireporn/dd3r1h9) comment for a better explanation. 
Moderator/co-founder of the sub here. Our sub isn't just to fact check the president, it's to provide a place for people to talk about the president's actions, positive or negative, without the bias of /r/Impeach_Trump or /r/The_Donald. I understand that the idea that we're totally neutral and fair in our moderation is a statement that will not be trusted by most. 

It's also a place for the submissions to follow a template similar to "President Trump says/signs/does X" and the comments are for speculation or implications. It's strictly for the actions or the statements done or said by the president of his administration. Hopefully this allows subscribers to form their own opinion on the action before they read someone else's.  
how though
MEN
https://youtu.be/oUI8b17YGx

YouTube Link
Talk about it, sure but many times they end up taking in circles which is frustrating to listen to
Two things: they repeat themselves a lot and they rarely challenge their beliefs. 

This may be a testament to my personal political leanings, but for the most part the every time Woody or a guest disagrees with them, Kyle and Murka are rude. It's really frustrating to hear their opinions treated as if no reasonable person could disagree with them because they ignore or twist evidence that they don't like. 
He was on Seinfeld's interview show so maybe 


E: and he was on Mr. Robot
How can this sub deny the Holocaust? This crop is plenty evidence
You're underestimating how repulsive Clinton was, especially to Stein voters
I'm sure that many Stein voters would have voted for Trump if she wasn't in the ballot
I keep on calling mana in hearthstone elexer
My schools never talked about Vietnam, the Gulf Wars, or and of the last few you mentioned

Also it's so strange we've been in so many wars that we just kinda clump them together
My instinct says distribute, but how does that work with the exponent?
I understand that equals -1/2, my question is why is there two of them


The same number of their collective ages. 144
Isn't this exactly what George R. R. Martin does?
The sidebar of /r/sex has tips to re-sensitize yourself. Essentially, don't grip it to hard and don't go so fast when going solo. Or use a fleshlight 
TFW Emily is your sister
l
They're called pussy hats because people wear them in protest of the fact that the now-president said that he grabs pussies 
Seriously?? Have you ever bumped into them? Have you tried being a part of their team?
A tip: have a consistent theme to your thumbnails (ex: Wendover Productions, ASAP Science, Philip DeFranco, CGP Grey) as a viewer, it's easier to get a feel for a channel and more likely to watch other videos of yours. 

My question is how would hitting it big (and getting that YT$!) affect your life? 
Is this real?
If you watch the interview mentioned (highly recommended) in the video, Obama explains that Obamacare in Kentucky is called KentuckyConnect. That program seems to have high approval ratings in a state that "hates" Obamacare for this exact reason.  
how is this not a thing
It's not quite that mindset. Instead, they have the idea that "I like this thing, it works well for me, therefore the person I like (Donald Trump) also likes the thing. I agree with him on things, so that probably means that he agrees with me when it comes to this healthcare."

This transitive thought process explains a lot of the cognitive dissonance of the right.   
thatsthejoke
Did you just assume his gender
/r/staircasewit
Ayyy
Business casual excludes a jacket imo
To me it's not a reference to Pokemon go or hearthstone. It's a reference to Clash of Clans stalling on the multiple base feature for a few *years*. They always said it was super difficult. 

Same with friendly wars (ones where you invite another clan to war with) but by the time they put in that feature, many of the real players left
What was your hair routine for those first two pictures?
Charge your phone dood
>January 20th, 2017

lol
something something boy's hole
\>when you're past patiently waiting and passionately passing every expectation 
I'm past patiently waiting
GTA and Minecraft have both done that and it is very successful
Too bad you don't get karma for that lol
That's how I felt when I wrote in Castro for president
I have a similar idea where you take a news story and flip the races/genders and see how it plays out 

/r/flipthescript
So it's out of the way because those are the least commonly used letters. 
Yeah, those stupid poor people. Let's show them by making sure they know their place in the world. No more cartoons for your kids, mister!
Ooh ooh I member!
Exactly! Apparently slouching works too but thanks!
Alright, I guess I had a different definition in my head
That's more like if I were hunchback sitting down. I got really close - sliding down the chair
I found the phrase. It's sliding down the chair 

E: I guess slouching is a little better
Also true on reddit is fun and the imgur app
This post was about how cringe-worthy that is 
So one rage for 2 elixir will not make your pump give you 2 elixir 

But if you rate it twice it will give you 4? 
>can't prove how much illegal immigration there is unless it's evidence that backs up my worldview
http://www.pewhispanic.org/2015/11/19/chapter-1-migration-flows-between-the-u-s-and-mexico-have-slowed-and-turned-toward-mexico/#number-of-unauthorized-mexican-immigrants-declines
>Prove it (I will reject any evidence contrary to my current beliefs)

Ftfy 
There is no evidence because it doesn't happen. Voter registrations are a thing for exactly this reason. 
North Carolina?
Yeah, I tapped on the ad accidentally
It wasn't in any web viewer or anything. The ones that are, you have to press the X to get out. 

I didn't check if it was a separate instance of RIF but I doubt it was. I closed out, when I opened RiF from the home screen, it was as if no instance was running
[To This Day by Shane Koyczan](https://youtu.be/sa1iS1MqUy4)

I especially like the TED Talk version
My advice is that last picture, you look fine
/r/teenagers if you're below 20
Lucky. If I style my hair with just water, it lasts rights up until it dries then I have hair in my face
Well now with the /locate command, there is code set up for the eyes to work like OP says, but you're right. 
And it stayed like that?
I'd suggest the /r/buildapc questions thread. And the computer is currently out of stock ):
That's true. But wouldn't that be more of a congressional thing? It seems like that's something that shouldn't be up to executive order
https://imgur.com/tijjoRN.png

From http://www.gallup.com/poll/1645/guns.aspx
I did like that. I liked it because it was the democrats actually doing something. They were able to say "we are the party that's trying to actually get change, and now we're going to point the finger at those who are preventing the change most people want." They're terrible at marketing their ideas (see: gay marriage and the "gay gene"), but that was an example of them able to tell the public who the real bad guys were. 

By that, I don't mean if you didn't support the legislation you're a bad guy. I mean that by Congress not doing something that a majority of America wants (meaning they're going against the public), they become the bad guy. 
I'm not even talking about how the Senate is unfair. 

My statement was more about, for example, [79%](http://www.gallup.com/poll/1576/abortion.aspx) of Americans think that abortion should be either legal entirely or legal under certain circumstances. Why has our Congress allowed things like Texas to force women to hold a funeral for their abortion? Why has Congress (specifically Ted Cruz) stalled the government budget just so they can get leverage to defund Planned Parenthood (which, by the way, provides much needed cancer screenings, contraception and education to women, not just abortions). 

[60%](http://www.gallup.com/poll/196550/support-legal-marijuana.aspx) of Americans think that marijuana should be legal, so why isn't it legal on a federal level? Obama has only recently said he's open to legalization, so why hasn't Congress been on the side of the majority of the pubic?  

This is what I mean by disruptive. They go against the majority of Americans. It's not just a Republican issue, but it does seem to be mostly on them (but maybe that's just because they've held a majority in Congress for 6 years)  
Okay what about not passing laws that the majority of Americans want? See: marijuana, minimum wage, mandatory background checks
I didn't say a Congress that disagrees, or even one that's persistent. That's fine, but I feel like this Congress has been especially disruptive. 

For example, trying to repeal Affordable Care Act 60+ times even though you know full well Obama will veto that. It's just a waste of time.  
But how many presidents had an extremely disruptive Congress? 
TIL
I'm saying that the idea that what he said is against the first amendment is exactly what the right wing has been complaining about with liberals (see: this thread). Shutting down free speech in any form is a virtue that should be concerning, especially when it's a practice of the president. 

I'm not saying that he has less rights. I'm saying that if that joke was pointed at any person in the country, it would still be within the first amendment to make that joke. The idea that Trump does not think this way is what scares me. 

Also, if it's okay for the government (it might be a stretch but stick with me) to at least investigate if something was inflammatory or out of bounds of the first amendment, then why does this thread exist? It's talking about the investigation of if something is offensive and should be taken out of the workplace. How is the idea that the hat should be banned from the workplace and the censorship of this joke any different? Why does one case have more merit than the other?   
You hinted before that you wanted to get a legit news network going. Would it be similar to The Young Turks, or more like Kyle Kulinski's show *Secular Talk*? Or is it going to be like cable news? What do you think they all should do differently?
So if Obama sued Fox News because they weren't legitimately using their free speech, that would be okay?

No, it wouldn't. He sued Bill Maher over a joke about the birther movement. Bill said along the lines of "You have to prove to me you're not the love child of an orangutang!" He shows a picture of Trump and next to an orange orangutang. He goes on to say some pretty mean stuff, but nothing that is out of bounds when talking about free speech (no direct threats of violence, slander, libel). You can argue it was tasteless, but it was legal.

[Clip](https://youtu.be/wc0JJi71MEc). You only need to watch the first minute.

Should this be protected within the first amendment? If not, why? Because it was mean?
 
IIRC, Obama said he didn't smoke but gave Bill some facial expression that might have meant "that's what I tell the public." Bill called him out on it (which was hilarious) and Obama repeated that he quit. That's what I was referring to
I guess that the left tries harder in their cases, but even that falls flat if you're comparing it to Trump. He sued Bill Maher over a joke, he sued The Onion for Christ's sake. He is not a bastion of free speech. He even said that he would "open up the libel laws," or is that another campaign promise Constitutionalists like to ignore?