I'm sure Bollywood has a bigger reach than 30 mil. I think that number comes from theaters that play Hollywood movies, there's probably way more smaller theaters that only play regional stuff.
If she was a Guardian, she would have been with the Guardians at the beginning of IW. Or at the very least, they would've been working to save her. The fact that she was just doing her own thing, going after Thanos makes me think this is't the case.
The 6P was slightly lower but the base Pixel was $650, which is either the same as the rest of the industry or a little cheaper.

The Nexus 6 was $750, and the One, S, and Galaxy launched at a premium price for their time. It's just the 4 and 5 that were significantly lower.
That swipe may be reserved for going back in future apps.
The Nexus 4 and 5 were cheaper the rest were priced as other flagships at the time, just like the Pixels.
Their new tasks app has the burger bar at the bottom. May be a sign of things to come.

https://imgur.com/yRFVkqK
What's the Facebook Messenger PWA? I thought any Messenger website just directs you to download the app on mobile.
That would've been really cool and could have wrapped up the Sharon Carter story, especially if Cap croaks in Avengers 4.

Side note, I wonder what Sharon Carter is up to now anyways. Maybe they'll retroactively do something like this by making her a Skrull in the Secret War storyline. Maybe she gave Peggy Carter dementia to take her out. Maybe she was actually passing info to Zemo in Civil War to destabilize the Avengers. Fucked up but that would be a crazy reveal. All in preparation for the eventual Skrull invasion.
>They didnâ€™t really tell Perlmutter to â€œFuck offâ€.

Told Ike to "Fuck off" in regards to Marvel Studios (minus Marvel TV) being spun out of Marvel and under Disney proper. Ike lost control of a successful studio and got nothing in return.
They didn't even have the Avengers. The rights to characters like Iron Man and Hulk were actually with other companies. Those companies clearly didn't see value in those properties so they let the rights revert back to Marvel. Marvel decided to make their own movies in-house once the rights started to revert back.

So they did see the potential in these characters that other studios had actually passed on. Yes it is all they had at the time, but it is telling since other studios had paid for those rights and still passed on making movies.
> Marvel don't flinch.

Best example:

Marvel: Untitled Movie - May 6th 2016

WB: Batman vs Superman - May 6th 2016. Your move Marvel.

Marvel: Our movie is called Captain America: Civil War.

WB: Oh shit. BvS release adjusted.
Some of the Asgardian scenes + music were downright beautiful. The funeral scene in that movie has some amazing music. But yeah otherwise the plot of the movie isn't great, but there is some stuff to love.
The thing is that in Ragnarok there were two ships. One ship left (the one that Skurge jumped off of) and then the second ship was loaded up. That second ship was the one that all the named cast members were on.

So when half probably refers to the second of the two ships.
It doesn't but in Inbox at least there is a Snoozed tab where all snoozed emails show up. I think the "Someday" option just puts them there, and then someday in the future you open that tab.
I'm usually a fan of black phones but with this glass trend white backs are almost better because they hide fingerprints.
I don't know about this LG phone but the Essential doesn't use an OLED screen so the notch is still visible even when the status bar is black. 
> plot is definitely paint-by-the numbers (another villain who wants to take over the world?).

I think there's more to it. When speaking to Pym, Luis said "you're the guy that opened up the quantum realm", so there's some public knowledge of this stuff. And it seems to me that the "opening" of the quantum realm will have some impact on the world, maybe going into Avengers 4. 

This makes me think that there's more to it than the trailer seems to imply at first glance.

>i wish they had played the angle of "first hero arrested after the sokovian accord", since that's how he's mentionned in IW, and that's ain intersting angle, that makes the world richer, when there are actual consequences to those movies.

The first trailer actually showcased that heavily. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_rTIAOohas

To be fair, you're in the r/marvelstudios comment thread for the next movie in the series. So folks that are actually avoiding spoilers probably wouldn't be in this thread.
I wonder if that means A4 will be a time jump of a couple of years. That sounds really interesting since [the universe would have had to move on without half the population for a while before everyone comes back.](/spoiler )
There's ways to write [RDJ](#spoiler) out of the movies without a death. [He talked about having kids in IW, if Avengers 4 is year or more later, maybe Pepper gets pregnant and he bows out to live a quiet life](#spoiler). That allows them to bring the character back years from now if they ever want an easy billion dollars.
I guess in my experience those delivery trackers are never accurate so that kinda took me out of the movie haha.
I didn't have an issue with the camera, for me it was the EMP delivery perfectly timing up with his interrogation. There just seemed to be too many variables for him to control. Maybe they should have had someone on Ross's team that was working with Zemo.
He definitely was but time wasn't passing while he was fighting dormammu so that wouldn't affect this 
What city is this?
It's the VFX team but they use Sean Gunn's acting as their reference.
I think that's more from the comics, in the movie the purple stone (power) and blue stone (space) were the only ones that lit up for this scene.
What was the inconsistency? Vibranium in AoU shared the same properties as vibranium in BP.
No dramatic plot shift. No inconsistency. What point are you trying to make?
Not really a retcon if all that was true of Vibranium in AoU. BP just expanded on it.
Maybe he has a kid and stops being Iron Man because of that. Too risky.
I think that's why they cut the fun isn't something one considers line from the movie.
> What Android apps exist that can send directly to iMessage without someone having a WhatsApp account or a similar account?

That's not how it works. iMessage is just built upon regular texting, providing extra features for iPhone users. These extra features are basically what 3rd party apps like WhatsApp and Facebook Messenger offer, but for those 3rd party apps both groups have to install those apps but with iMessage it just works by default. 

So Apple has this built in experience that offers a good experience, while Android users are stuck with regular texting unless they download a 3rd party app. This isn't much of a problem outside the US because most people are already on 3rd party apps, but in the US most people continue using whatever is default on their device so customers are stuck with a shitty experience. What folks here want is Google to create an equivalent to iMessage that is preloaded on everyone's device so that users don't have to install 3rd party apps for a proper messaging experience.

So to answer your question, you can communicate with iMessage users without downloading any apps, you just don't get the full experience most messaging apps have, like read receipts or high resolution media. If you want those features on Android you have to download a 3rd party app and get your friends to do the same. That is until RCS rolls out, which will be the Android equivalent of an iMessage experience (due for this year, but we'll see).
Apparently this kid is running LG now 

https://youtu.be/rz5TGN7eUcM
Agreed but I did like how they stuck with the Avengers theme. Found myself humming the Avengers theme yesterday, and that's never happened before because in the past it wasn't used as memorably. 
No Adam Warlock, James Gunn has confirmed that he won't show up before GotG 3. 
Speaking of Vision, Shuri was definitely up to something before she got attacked in her lab. She was doing something on the computer with the mind stone on the hologram screen, and she finished whatever she was typing before grabbing her blasters and turning around. Maybe she has a way to bring Vision back without the mind stone. 
Whatever happens I think Tony will be vital, since Doctor Strange gave up the time stone to save his life.
They'll crossover eventually, I guarantee it.
I guess it depends on who the intended audience is. I usually record videos in landscape but when I'm sending quick videos of my cousins to family members in our group chats, no one's going to open that video on a computer, so portrait is more convenient for everyone involved.
Yeah I was kinda sad to see so little of Chris Evans, especially since they're saying that these two movies are his last ones. But makes sense considering the threat level.
It would be cool to see the rest of the asgardians show up to help the avengers in Avenger 4
I'm sure the characters we lost in this movie will come back but the og Avengers that made it out this time might not be so lucky next time.
In fact all the characters that I thought for sure wouldn't die, ended up dying.
That honestly fucked me up. It's gonna be hard rewatching this movie.

No it was the phone that Steve gave him at the end of Civil War. I think Tony even groaned at about it quickly during the movie.
I can see everyone else ending up there (although I hope that in A4 they just don't free everyone..I think a world where half of Earth's population is gone would be an interesting backdrop for future movies), but Gamora's body physically fell and we saw it laying there. So I'm not sure. 

Part of me thinks they wouldn't do it because of Guardians 3, but having Peter (and the team) dealing with Gamora's death could also be interesting. 
Also noticed that he used both the power and space stones to do it. He broke up the moon with the power stone but then brought the pieces to the surface of Titan with the space stone.
I can imagine a scene that shows rooms in Hawkeye's empty house with pictures of his family before finally showing him with his new look, suiting up. (implication being his entire family died in the snap and he's reporting for duty)
I'm looking forward to Guardians 3 with Thor, Rocket, Nebula, and Stormbreaker.
Brannagh and the Thor team did some great work with the first movie though. The MCU (and superhero movies in general) was fairly grounded at the time and they were tasked introducing movie-going audiences to Marvel's version of Asgard, the 9 Realms, "magic", etc. 
Go to Settings and search for "Display over other app". See which apps have permission to do this. And disable or uninstall the ones that shouldn't be there.
I fully expect Ultron to show up at some point in the future. 
I'm okay with cheering at least on opening day - everyone's excited.

But shitting is going too far.
Maybe Thanos will regret losing Gamora and try to bring her back?
He got teleported away by the tesseract. Assumed dead, but it turns out he was brought to Vormir.
I think it's because they haven't quite cracked how to make small phones with minimal bezels. All these bezel less phones are big. And for bigger phones, the 2:1 aspect ratio is better because 16:9 gets really wide for bigger screens.
While obviously some of the characters will return, I don't think this will be undone for the most part. I can see this event being a big deal in the MCU going forward, a world where everyone has a friend or family that they lost on this day.
Rocket needed your arm
Loki didn't have a guantlet to weild the space stone. 

And I don't think Loki expected Thanos to take him up on his offer. He fully expected that Thanos would immediately kill him once he stopped talked. So he took whatever chance he had.
While obviously some of the dust characters will return, I don't think this event will be completely reverted, and losing half of Earth's population will be a big part of the MCU going forward.
I read another comment saying that maybe Avengers 4 will be Thanos trying to find a way to bring her back. 
Ohh shit yeah, that's fucking awesome. How many other humans would pop-up on Thanos' radar?


Like imagine being Thanos and being told some human just fucked his entire Chitauri army. Never thought about that but of course he'd look into it and figure out who this mofo was.
I wonder if we'll learn more about Thanos knowing about Tony. Something significant about Tony, or just Thanos doing his homework?
Red Skull was pure fan service and I fucking loved it.
Oh yeah I phrased that weirdly, I was just thinking immediately after they showed all the bodies, only Thor and Loki were left.
I guess there could have been escape pods on the ship. It would be cool if they showed up in Avengers 4 to help.
Okay great, because from the scene itself it almost seemed like they were all dead except Loki and Thor.
People tried making sense of it by having avengers take place in 2010 but I was all kinda convoluted. I'm glad I can just start pretending Homecoming said *5* years later. 

Although within the context of Homecoming, 5 years later would mean Liz drew that Avengers pictures at the age of 12ish. And that drawing was clearly a younger child. I guess that's why they had to say 8.
At one point I feel like someone said Thanos killed *half* the asgardians. I think it was Thor talking to Rocket. Anyone else, or were my ears just tricking me into hearing what I wanted to hear? 

Edit if that is the case, I guess that means they also escaped the area, probably on pods, otherwise the guardians would have also found them floating in space. Would live to see them show up in Avengers 4.
At least there's a chance that she's alive, unlike Heimdall ðŸ˜¢
The panned over dead asgardians in the beginning. She may have been there, not sure though it was dark.
He said something along the lines of "6 years ago when aliens attacked New York..."
Thanos truly was the main character of this movie. I feel like you can apply all the beats of a hero's story to him in this movie.
Probably something along the lines of hulk not being in the movie.
Maybe she didn't know it was the soul stone when she was sent out. Just like many people after the orb in GotG didn't know what it was other than it being a powerful object.
Wasn't his name in the credits.
Tony confirmed that Avengers was 6 years ago. Guess Homecoming was wrong.
[Too bad Kevin didn't know about this advice](https://i.imgur.com/dmTCN7g.gifv)
Doubt it, why would he risk that? I think he was just legitimately impressed by the design and wanted to check it out.
Old Man Clark?

...no joke, is there an Elseworld story that's the old man Logan concept but with Superman? I think that would be super interesting, far in the future, the age of heroes is a thing of the past and Clark is an old man, having outlived his friends and family.
Here's an overview from the wiki https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/wiki/officialguide/usbcinfo


This screen https://imgur.com/WZiDQca

Should be an enable auto updates check box int he top right menu.
Top right menu button when you're on the app's page.
That would make sense as Play Movies purchases are available through YouTube as well.
Fuck I feel like I'm getting old because I have to bump most sites up to like 125% or 150% because the text is too small otherwise.
World was sparse on the details for the early Targ reign so this will fill in those gaps. I'm actually more excited for this than Winds since after Winds we'll be in basically the same place waiting for ADOS, while with Fire and Blood, we have a chance to get a complete story.
I don't think it's him trying to stretch it out, it's just that he enjoys this kind of world-building more than navigating through the complex story he created with ASOIAF.
Another use case is for things like reminders. Like "hey everyone, remember meeting in 20 minutes" and then after the meeting the message goes away because it's a useless email at that point.
Play Music would still likely stick around for stuff purchased through Google Play (unless they completely kill off the music part of Google Play, which I doubt). They'll probably just make it for uploaded or purchased music and then Remix as the subscription-based streaming service.
He's talking about the nav bar not the nav drawer. Nav bar is the onscreen buttons (back, home, recents). I think it is white by default on Samsung devices but on stock Android, it's black and has to be set to white by the app.
Did you enable the Chrome Duplex flag?
So what's the Kennedy fact that weirdly parallels this one?
You think they banged after he got back? Every time would be like the first time for her.
> The screen broke while using assistant

Details? Why wouldn't that be your fault?


Not only that but if YouTube content is primarily video streaming and the licensing works as such. But if content starts being played as music in the background, YouTube is considered a music streaming service and the licensing changes. That's why background play and YouTube Music are behind a paywall (in addition to the ad views).
Reddit changed their search api I think. nsfw:1 works though.
Yeah, for some reason you can't have a live wallpaper only on the lock-screen. For live wallpapers, it's either home screen only or both.
If you don't like cases (and don't drop your device), I'd recommend the MNML or Peel cases. They're extremely thin and feel like you're not using a case. They won't protect much from drops but are great for scratch protection.
At least for phones, biometric is more of a convenience than security. Of course your phone should be secure as all your personal info is on it, but in practice people don't like be inconvenienced when they're unlocking their device 100s of times a day. Before the introduction of biometrics on phones, many people were just not using any password. Now almost everyone is.
The avengers have been taking down Hydra bases for some time now, so maybe he's used it it.
Iirc the actor playing Jorah had to be gone for a little bit for a movie (Resident Evil I think) so they used the greyscale to write him out for a bit. Probably not what they were intitially planning on doing when they gave him greyscale a few seasons ago.
https://i.imgur.com/d9cLzHw.jpg
Sounds like we need another Avengers party scene.
In this case we're waiting for the industry to adopt RCS. That's not happening until now.
I think the phone call permission is from back in the day when they needed to detect when phone calls are coming so the game can pause. But I don't think that's necessary anymore, the game devs might just be using outdated design.

Media permissions are usually so the game can save screenshots, but even that shouldn't be necessary if you're doing thing correctly and saving to your private directory. Even then, Google needs to update this permission to allow devs to save media without having access to the entire file structure.

Location is probably for ads.
Yes, while they say that I think Logan works as part of the main continuity too though. In DoFP, they changed the timeline so that mutants aren't hunted down by the Sentinels, but the mutants still end up dying out by 2029 because the corn syrup stuff and Prof X's seizures. On the grand scale of things, the timeline adjusted itself from the team's fuckery.
Damn didn't realize how brutal that was until I saw it spelled out like this.

Odin savage af
Actually I don't know if Allo was actually a waste of time. The folks working on the app are not making the rcs deals. The rcs people started work on rcs like two years ago so during all this time these deals for enhanced features were made. Meanwhile the app devs spent this time making a chat app from the ground up. Now that whole team is moved over to the barebones Messages app where they can apply everything they did over the last two years of Allo.
Sebastian Stan was talking about doing a scene with Pfeiffer and Douglas recently so I'm thinking we'll see something like that in A4.
Give him the right books and he'll come back the next day having spent the last couple of months in the astral plane becoming an expert.
https://i.imgur.com/O0VCCNH.gifv
Tony recruited Spider-Man because he wanted to restrain Cap, not fight him because Cap was obviously not gonna go down easy if it came to that (as we saw). Peter's webs can do that. That's why Peter was instructed to keep his distance, web them up, and go for Steve's legs. 
The M is because you enabled Chrome Memex which seems to be something for whitelisted Googler's only. I'm not exactly sure what it does and I can't find any info on it online.
Yeah, unfortunately it seems like it'll turn into either a) this passing but with some "secret" amendment tacked on by Grassley to severely limit the investigation or b) Dems vote against this because of that amendment and the narrative becomes Dems voted against the protect Mueller bill so they should be okay with whatever Trump does to this investigation.
I think an elegant solution would be badges showing up when an app gets a notification and then staying there until the app is opened, regardless of whether the app's notification was swiped away or not. That way you could swipe everything away but still know that an app has unread content for you.

Currently the dot feels useless because you have a notification at the top of your screen anways.
I think what people are talking about is that if an app doesn't target API 26 (8.0) you don't get any granular controls and only have the option of blocking all notifications from that app. Versus with Nougat, while you didn't get notification channels, you could adjust the priority for any app, regardless of whether the app targeted the latest API version or not. 

All updated apps should have to target API 26 by the end of this year though, so we'll at least get the default notification channels for every app soon.
The problem is that with Nougat we could do the notification controls for any app, while with Oreo notification channels require the app targeting API level 26 - so for apps that don't do that you lose all the notification control you got with Nougat and can only block all notifications for that app. However, as more and more apps target API 26 (and they will have to by the end of this year) this problem goes away and the Oreo notification channels are far superior (although a bit confusing for less techy users, but they are getting refined with P).
Feature flags are usually updated server side. And it isn't something standard, so there's no integration with the Google Play Console. People just use the term feature flags to refer to functionality that can be turned on or off easily.
Welp, I guess I need to pay more attention
Where is Eobard now anyways? As of the crossover he's around somewhere. And did they ever explain how he came back after getting destroyed by Black Flash in LoT? 

I was thinking that in this episode all the dark matter coupled with Harry using RF's secret room would result in Harry becoming Eobard, which would explain how he's back in the timeline. But I guess not.
In the scene from last season when Savi was visiting the team, he mentioned something about a cerebral inhibitor to use against Devoe, so I think Harry smart helmet will allow them to whip up some BS that can be used to stop him without killing.
The Pixel 2 is basically an updated, smaller 6P for the same price.
That could be cool. Hydra does have the tech he used to paralyze Tony...
That's why any gestures for going back should be implemented by the apps rather than OS-wide. That's how it is in iOS as well. Google can set a standard and apps that don't update can just continue using the navigation bar back button and apps that update will be gesture based and the back button disappears.

As Android apps become more widespread on Chromebooks and desktop environments apps really need a proper form of navigation that is part of the app, rather than relying on the system back button.
It's probably a CYA thing where any phone that's not sold by them isn't guaranteed to work.
http://www.slashfilm.com/jeff-bridges-obadiah-stane-survive/
Skip the origin. We can have flashbacks with makeup to make them look younger if need be. Krasinki would just need to shave his beard and he'd look 10 years younger.
Rainn Wilson as Doc Ock
She was up for roll of Black Widow but had to pass due to a conflict (Edge of Tomorrow I think). And then there's her plus Krasinki being the perfect combo for Sue and Reed. Krasinki was also in the running for Cap so Marvel casting is familiar with both of them.
Eh but the basic design of apps is the same. Back button is always on the top left. 
That's not the norm and doesn't happen frequently enough to cater the design around. The only major example I can think of is games, and games would probably be fine just using the back button on the nav bar and not adopting this system.

But this is all speculation, we'll see what actually comes in May (or later).
And that's why there will be a back button in the usual place for apps that don't support the new design.
Martin Freeman is Everett Ross and Jude Law is playing Mar Vell next year in Captain Marvel.
They'll be a set of standards, just like iOS does it. I think it'll be a swipe down, similar to how you close emails in Inbox. Or the most basic which is swipe from the left. Material Design 2 will be announced at I/O so we'll probably see then.
I don't think it was contract negotiations that came in the way. I think the showrunners just wanted to make Jon's return more of a surprise. 

Also, in the books it works better because we have more mystical elements while in the show there could have been backlash from the more casual viewers that would feel like 3 major resurrections take away the emotional stakes.
It's possible that the only usage of the gate was actually Sam and Bran using it and it was put in place for just that. By someone (Bran) with the ability to manipulate history and knowing that he would have to use it later. I'm not usually a subscriber to the Bran = Bran the Builder theories but the existence of the Black Gate pushes me towards it.
I'd argue that it actually works better if you don't watch the Flash. Being told that he's a speedster that didn't fit in on his team works better than the complete 180 in Wally's personality we got in Flash.
Even just "We are Team Flash" would have been better and gotten the point across rather than "We are The Flash". Wtf were the writers thinking?
2 Sherlocks 1 Irene 2 Watsons (after next year)
Plus both Watsons once Captain Marvel comes out.
Wouldn't recommend that. You'd be missing out on a lot of security updates.
Pressing back doesn't take you back to page 1, at least on Pixel launcher. Only home does.

But I think what we will see is apps that are targeting P (or maybe the next version after P to give them some leeway) will be required to fully support navigation within the app without the use of the system-wide back button. In those apps, the system back button will not appear. Slowly, overtime as all apps adopt this, we'll see the system-wide back button disappear. Of course this is all speculation - we will see what they actually do next month.

Later this year, all updated apps will have to target O at least and then next year they'll have to target P so we should see apps being updated to support this sooner than usual.
If the apps been getting updating, I don't see the problem. Not every update warrants a blog post, especially for an app that is a little more niche compared to Google's other stuff. I could see them shelving Inbox if all its features made it into Gmail but until then I don't see a cause for concern.
I don't know specifically but whatever beta version was out between Feb 24th and March 23rd.

https://imgur.com/TvZIeTh

Fwiw I had this happen to me when I first installed it before the latest update.

Just once though, never happened again.
ðŸ™„
I was very confused until I reread my reply. Oops.
Yeah I used to use wireless charging because of that. I had a small hockey puck style charger that was easy to carry around.
If there isn't supposed to be, I think you can go to your Google account settings on a desktop and sign out of all active sessions. You might also be able to see how many active sessions there currently are.
He's the perfect actor to use in a movie that involves flashback scenes. 
I think that's the new design that more and more users are getting.

Also looks like we'll be seeing a big refresh across multiple Google apps at I/O in a few weeks so this may be the first steps for the new Play Store design.
The first one went to shit after a few months due to bad memory, but I still use my second gen as a Chromecast remote. Still runs great, although I wish it had been updated so I could use PiP and split screen. I love that soft touch back on the second gen.

I think I'll start using mine even more when they roll out Google sign in for Duo. I don't like using cases on my phone so I hate having to pass the phone around to family members when we get a Duo call.
Ah back when I first got an Android smartphone, I was trying to decide between the Atrix and Nexus S. I ultimately went with the Nexus S (and have been Nexus/Pixel ever since) but I really thought that the Atrix style dicks would become more popular. Maybe now that Samsung is doing it, other companies will follow.
And USB C! That phone ate so many of my micro USB wires. They would get looser and looser until they would just fall out when I plugged it in.
Are you sure there isn't another device signed into your account that someone else is using? Like desktop computer or tablet. 
I like the idea of that whole crew being the cavalry that gets called in for the big moments when the team needs a small army.
Yeah I think that's exactly how they will do it because some apps depend on the navigation button, and don't have a way of going back within the app. As more and more apps add support, we'll see the button disappear like the old menu button.
No but introducing gestures for application level navigation and then reserving the back button to dynamically appear for when you want to go back to the previous screen you saw would solve the problem. If you're familiar with iOS, it would be like when you open one app from another app and there is the tiny back button in the top left corner where the signal bar usually is.
The problem is that devs can change what onBackPressed() does. For example, the Twitter app takes you up in hiearchy even when you come to it from another app.
Up as in up in hiearchy. Example: Reddit app. You have the posts view. And then when you tap on a post it takes you to comments. Tapping the back button from comments takes you back to posts. That's moving up in hiearchy. 

Now someone sends you a link in Messages. The link takes you to a comment thread in the Reddit app. Now when you press back, the expected behavior is to go back to the Messages app because that's the last screen you saw. So in that situation, instead of moving you up the hiearchy of the app, the back button is used to switch apps. 


Sounds like the back button will be contextual, only showing up when it's needed. Devs will probably be encouraged to support swiping to go back within the app. And I wouldn't be surprised if there was an accessibility setting to revert to the usual back-home-recents behavior. 
Last two years was specifically October 4th, even though that date fell on different days. So my guess is Thursday October 4th.
At least on Pixel 8.1 that button just disables smart lock. You can still use your fingerprint to unlock it.
That's what it looks like based on this: 
https://9to5google.com/2018/04/13/android-p-nav-bar-new/

Speculation: When apps target the latest API level, they will be able to declare if they support back button-less navigation and the back button will be hidden. Material Design 2.0 will highlight navigation patterns (swiping) that encourage this. Task switching could be a swipe from the bottom and home could be a tap, like it is now. I guess we'll see with I/O and DP2.

>I bought it thinking it would be the Android equivalent of the iPhone, ie maybe a bit more restricted than the Pixel range, but more refined and stable

This is pretty much the opposite of reality. Samsung usually throws in more features and is less restrictive while the Pixel is the iPhone equivalent where it's more refined but without all the extra bells and whistles.
We'll see if they come with DP2 at I/O this year. If not, it probably won't be until 9.1 around the time the Pixels come out.
Yeah, I'm the opposite. I hate when headphones block out all outside noise. When jogging it can be dangerous and at work I don't want people to not be able to get my attention.
iirc, the author posted chapters online as he wrote it and went back and corrected any inaccuracies as he finished it. So the final product is pretty scientifically sound.
The reviews were too harsh imo. They're not the best but they get the job done. I like how they don't "plug" your ear (the airpods are also like this) unlike most headphones. 

But honestly the biggest pro for me was the fact that they charge with USB C. Every other bluetooth headphone set is charged with micro USB or Lightning and you'd have to carry two chargers around when travelling. 
Made ya look
usually only first party apps do push notifications and third parties apps check at scheduled intervals. This is the case for Facebook apps, Twitter apps, etc. The official Reddit app does push notifications but third parties apps have to either check at scheduled intervals, or listen for notifications to the official app and then check for notifications themselves (to mimic the behavior of push notifications).
Depends on the phone I think. My Nexus 6 used to be loud as fuck on vibrate but the Pixel 2 is way quieter while still having a strong vibration.
FYI, it looks like you're shouting because you use # which makes your comment bold. Use a backslash before the # to make it not bold, like this 

    \#7

to get this: \#7
Background pay is behind a paywall because (for music at least) allowing background play turns you into a music streaming service. The $10/month is the industry standard for that. 

I guess they could do background play for certain videos for free but disabled for music videos unless you pay (I am pretty sure it used to be like this but it's been a while).
Just double tap on the left side of the video to jump back.
I think we're getting a design overhaul for a lot of Google apps, probably going to be announced in a few weeks at I/O. Maybe they're waiting until then. 
Polly = Destroyer of Worlds???
>fresh start

And I thought they were going to do that this season by killing off all the bloat with the island explosion.
I really wish we got a Cap movie or miniseries that took place between him getting thawed and TWS. Basically an extended version of that deleted scene of Avengers would be perfect - just him getting used to the world and ultimately deciding to go work for SHIELD. 
I wonder how OnePlus is able to snag these exclusives. You'd think it would be the Samsungs or LGs of the world having these kind of things.
>Customization of the quick settings (rearranging, adding, removing options)

That's there. You can rearrange, add, and remove quick setting tiles.
Dying was her biggest regret
I've noticed the opposite. Battery life hasn't been too great over the last few weeks, I wasn't even making it through a day of work before hitting ~30%. But after the update it's been back to what it was before and I'm coming home with 50-60% battery.
Background play being behind a paywall was a thing before YouTube Red. It was bundled with a Google Music subscription because allowing background play for music videos required Google paying for music streaming licenses for those videos, rather than the usual video streaming license.
It's a licensing issue. Background play classifies them as a music streaming service so it's charged the same as every other music streaming service.
They removed it because background play for music videos makes YouTube a music streaming service and the licenses for that work differently.
Actually, there's probably a good number of people that don't. The custom ROMing community was much bigger 4-5 years ago but a lot of folks have stopped tinkering over the last couple of years, during which time Magisk became popular.
It's definitely there on the Pixels and I believe it was there on the 6P. But that may have been Google's changes specifically and not part of AOSP.
In Google Play Games, don't click "Play" but instead click the game's icon to open up the details for the game. And then there should be a record button at the top of the screen.
Google Play Games has a screen record feature. Not sure about turning off notifications though. You can always set do not disturb to disable visual interruptions and then put your device in DND mode when playing games.
If Thor had known about Hela, I think they would've came up with a way to keep her imprisoned after Odin passes.
He fell in. Iirc there's a trailer that shows him falling through the sky. And it's probably a reference to the comics where Silver Surfer crash lands into the Sanctum to warn Earth about Thanos.
That's just how Android works when you're playing media. When you're listening to music it'll make your album art the wallpaper too. Some apps have a setting to turn this off but most don't.
The other thing is that it seems like Banner doesn't remember what happens while he's in Hulk mode so I wonder if he will even be able to warn them. But Heimdall probably wouldn't want to leave the rest of the Asgardians - maybe he leads them somewhere safe. And this will most likely be a chaotic situation so I can't imagine too much thought going into it.

On a meta level, Hulk is the only character that makes sense for plot reasons. Heimdall isn't playing a big role in the movie while Hulk is an Avenger.
I have the same problem recently (like past 2 weeks) but before I got the April update. Might just be a coincidence. 
Like the other guy says that technically it's 2 years of OS updates and 3 years of security updates *promised* but I wouldn't be surprised if they continue updating just to show that they're serious about the Pixel line. We'll see how they treat the OG Pixels next year.
Probably because Hulk's the only one on that ship that is from Earth or even familiar with Earth other than Thor.
Maybe but he seems to land right in the Sanctum Sanctorum. Loki has the tesseract and knows Doctor Strange. Would make sense that Thor and co specifically send Hulk there to warn the others. 
>Odin: YOU ARE A *VAIN*, GREEDY, CRUEL BOY!!! 

Thor changed a lot by the end of this movie. It's possible that in the beginning he was using product or Asgardian magic or something to alter his appearance. By the end of the movie he was a changed person, and one of the changes could be him not feeling a need to change his appearance like he previously was doing.
Would they really kill off all those new characters though? Loki does have the space stone, so maybe some of them get teleported away before shit goes down. Hulk clearly get teleported away so maybe the others are as well.
They could do that and have a small bar at the bottom for gestures. But Android still needs a replacement for the back button. That's why the nav bar would still appear for legacy apps and apps that are updated and provide a method of going back without the back button can use gestures.
That's true and for accessibility purposes there should always be an option for the navigation bar. But for users that would prefer to use swipes, this can be an option. What I'm proposing wouldn't break existing functionality as if you chose to enable a navigation bar, the gestures would be disabled.
I guess the battery thing depends on your usage as I've never had that problem with the first gen Pixel or the 2 XL. Yes there has been a monthly update that screwed up battery life for a few days but nothing major. 

I recently bought a touch screen Chromebook to replace my Nexus 7 and it works great. I think these 2-in-1 Chromebooks and Chromebook Tablets are superior to regular tablets since you have a fully featured web browser with it. 

Wear OS is fine for what it is. The main apps that you would expect to see on your watch support it just fine (messaging apps, Google Maps, etc.) and all my notifications come in, it tracks my steps, I can use it control media playing/casting from my phone, etc. 

It sounds like you prefer the iOS platform more, and that's fine. But Google's ecosystem has more to offer than you give it credit for. It's far from perfect and what Apple offers in terms of polish, Google offers in functionality - and Google has been improving their offerings every year.
It's not Pixel, it's the Reddit app. I do use the official app too but I keep 3rd party apps installed as a fallback for when the official app acts up.
The saddest thing about the JL score was that the MoS and BvS scores were so amazing. Don't get why they tried changing things up, they should've kept Zimmer.
>Itâ€™s not like thanos would be a multiversal threat the gauntlet only works in the universe in question.

You don't know that though. Especially when it's fully assembled. They've mentioned the multiverse and Thanos will be able to bend reality, space, time. Coupled with the set photos, it's possible that this is the direction that they're going in. I wouldn't outright dismiss that idea.
The biggest change was between TIH and The Avengers. I mean, holy fuck.
Might be a Reddit issue, I'm seeing this in other apps too
Wait everything but Agents of SHIELD? Even Inhumans, Iron Fist, etc.? If you got through you will find AoS amazing. Even not compared to those shows, AoS is a great show in its own right. They're able to tell some really cool stories in the 22-episode format that a lot of other shows struggle with. If you're not getting into it, I'd recommend taking it slow and watching one episode a week. Some people recommend skipping certain episodes but don't do that because you miss out on character development and plot details that don't seem important at the time but come back in later seasons.
I've always been a fan of how WebOS did multitasking and gestures back in 2010/2011 so the more of that we get in Android the better, regardless of who did it first. 

FWIW the guy that designed WebOS is in charge of design at Google so maybe he's been pushing for this for years and it took Apple updating iOS for Google to finally implement a similar system themselves.
I read that they're planning on competing on price for that streaming service, and if it's a place where I can watch all Marvel, Star Wars, Pixar, hell even the classic Disney stuff I grew up with I'm down (and possibly even all of Fox's content if the deal goes through). I'm not gonna cancel my Netflix but it'll probably replace Hulu and HBO for me (at least until a new season of Westworld or GoT is out).
> It will come to the Google app for iOS soon.

Wait what, Google is releasing something on Android first? That's the real news.
Depends on your version, that seems like it's specific to a manufacturer. In stock Android it's called Night Light and it's one of the toggles in quick settings. The settings for it are in Display settings.
Why would you have to part with your Android phone? Everything Google does on the desktop is through web apps so if you can run Chrome you should be good. I'd argue that Android devices play nicer with MacOS than Windows because you don't have to manually install drivers for each device.

I primarily use Mac with my Android device and I haven't run across anything that I need Windows to do.
MCU wiki says he's a Kree cyborg. Could be wrong, I dunno. But I like the idea that, just like humans, Krees come in different skin tones.
That's true, he is a mercenary hired by Ronan. But he is a Kree cyborg. Also we don't know if they're going down the Mistress Death route in the MCU. Based on the trailers, he just wants to "balance" the universe.
They could and I think Instagram does that, but then some users would probably get annoyed if their pictures got cut off. Maybe a setting in the app for say "full screen pictures" would be the perfect solution.
You'll have those black bars on the sides because the v30 screen is 2:1 instead of 16:9. Same as if they receive a snap from an iPhone X screen which also has a 2:1 aspect ratio.

 Snaps from devices that have 16:9 screens (any iPhone other than the X, any Android phones that is a few years old) will have black bars at the top and bottom on a 2:1 device.

The Pixel 2 is 16:9 but the 2 XL is 2:1.
ðŸ˜
I've had situations in the past where a friend's device craps out while travelling and we just set up another user with his account on my device so that he could keep up with emails and messages. He'd just borrow my phone every so often and check in on his profile.
The Pixel 2 (and 2 XL) are probably the only Android phones that actually process the images after they are taken. So the quality should be the best on these phones. The app still performs like shit, but the iOS is basically the same in that regard.
The fake HTC One M9 render that was going around before that phone was announced. Best implementation of front facing speakers ever.

Basically the Nexus 4 earpiece but at the top and bottom.

Edit: couldn't link the image for some reason but here's an article that includes it https://www.androidheadlines.com/2015/01/htc-one-m9-m9-plus-renders-leak-looks-like-fake-leaks-already-saw.html/amp
I don't think the Confederacy is referring to a specific war. More like they'll provide protection to Earth if anyone tries messing with us. In return they want the Inhumans.

In reality, the Confederacy probably doesn't give a rat's ass about the planet and is saying what they need to say to get their Inhumans.
Galactic Sniper
If you send pictures to people through Google Photos, it'll start recognizing those people and prompting you to send the photos to them in the future. If you've never done that before, maybe it's able to recognize her from her Gmail picture.

Either way, you can turn this off in Google Photos settings if you find it creepy. Personally I find it incredibly useful - it reminds me share pictures that I take and also lets me easily search for pictures of specific people.
I'd recommend MNML or Peel. They both seem to be the same, with MNML being half the price. It won't protect much from drops but is great if you just want scratch protection without the bulk. It also has a little bump around the camera so that the lens are protected when you set it down.
Just put it on charge for a bit and try powering it on. 
> I can see it happening. So the writers will probably throw a curveball.

AoS in a nutshell. I just assume that all the cool predictions here won't happen and the real twist will be even crazier. 
Whatchu talking about that was totally Burt Macklin, FBI.
Joel McHale totally needs to be Adam Warlock, the perfect specimen. 
I was half expecting the infinity war trailer to start playing when Hale reached over to Coulson. 
But if they prevent the future from happening then they wouldn't need anyone to bring them back. 
I guess we'll see in Luke Cage but I feel like the problem was the direction being weak for both Iron Fist and Defenders.
Including Agents of SHIELD! Her name is still in the credits every episode. 

Not for the Netflix shows unfortunately. But their casting is great too.
Latest Reddit update added true black
Wasn't there for me earlier today but it's showing up now
Check Settings > Display > (Advanced) Screen Saver >  When to start. Make sure it's not set to when "While Charging".
I doubt they'll recast but I can see them passing the torch. They're already setting up stuff like Bucky taking the CA mantle, and side characters like Shuri and Valkrie (for example) can start having bigger roles over time to become the next generation's main characters.
I liked Item 47. That probably inspired the concept of AoS, it's plot could've been an early season 1 episode.
Yeah I might be too picky lol. My preferred case size is the ultra thin MNML or Peel style.
"Hold my ~~beer~~ sippy cup" - Jack Jack
The dbrand grip adds way too much bulk imo. It might be fine for smaller phones but for a bumper case, I thought it would be slimmer.
A lot of undergrad courses are general requirements that often also have required attendence. So yes while students are paying for the class, they just want to get the credit for taking the course and move on.
I'll probably be MoviePassing it just to spot the references I might have missed the first time around. I probably wouldn't pay a full ticket price to see it again though.
Google gives data up when the government comes knocking but they're not selling it to 3rd parties. Apple does the same, as long as the request is made through the proper channels.
There's always a day when a professor is like 5 minutes late and this is all people are talking about during that time.
I liked Jumanji but anything to do with the writing of that movie wouldn't translate to a Venom movie at all. Jumanji's got an ensemble cast and is a zanny comedy while Venom seems to primarily be about Tom Hardy's character and more of a serious thriller/action movie.
Not later this year anymore, it got dropped by the network. Hopefully someone else will pick it up. But the fact that it's been so quiet makes me think Disney is planning on putting it on their streaming service next year.
The monster of the week format of PoI causes many to dismiss it after a few episodes but it's an amazing show.
Don Cheadle front and center

BOOM LOOKING FOR THIS?
Honestly there might not be another person like Feige. The dude has been producing all the Marvel movies since the '00s and he's a huge comic book geek. Is there anyone else comparable? DC has Geoff Johns in charge now but his background is more on the creative side rather than the production side. Maybe someone like Kevin Smith? Sounds like a weird choice but at least he has the Hollywood production background.
Also, when reality and time changing is brought into the mix, the story could actually be someone navigating through different worlds to bring the Avengers together again.
They don't compare with the latest iPhones but the LG V30 and Pixel 2 (XL at least) have pretty good haptic feedback.
It's not like they gave him a completely different phone, they gave him an upgraded model of the same device. In your situation, it would be the difference between a 2016 model of the small car and a 2017 model of the same car.
Even those initial episodes that felt one-offish ended up all connecting in the end.
Boom looking for this?
Wut lol. Do you really think the software side of things isn't Samsung's fault? Now I don't know if recent Samsung phones are actually lagging after a few weeks of use but if they are, that's 100% on Samsung, not Android. Look at the Pixels or even the custom ROM community for the Galaxy phones. No slow downs there. 
It's definitely improving really fast but it's still got a ways to go in terms of general smoothness. Most 3rd party also use the Imgur and YouTube APIs so you don't get sent to the web browser when trying to open images/videos from the comments.

I do like how the official app autoplays gifs/videos and allows you to swipe between posts when in comment view. Most of the 3rd party apps either don't have these features or require you to change some settings to switch between views.
They wouldn't be mentioning him in the press release if it was just a scene or two. Iirc they didn't announce Hayley Atwell and John Slattery for Ant-Man because it was a one scene role.
I wonder if they have some sort of exclusivity deal going on with Comcast.
Oh no way what a shocking surprise. /s
Makes me think that whatever his contribution is will be towards the end of the movie. If he was in the marketing, everyone would be wondering where he was the whole time. He'll probably be sitting out the main fight and thus the only one that's able to come in and make sure the team lives to fight another day.
Oh my god Karen, you can't just ask someone why they're blue.

Seriously though, there's different types of Kree. Mar Vell in this movie (played by Jude Law) is a "pink" Kree who basically look caucasian. 
It would've been cool if he had ended up on Sakaar and showed up in Thor: Ragnarok.
Not sure if Kree blood will work after being blown up by an infinity stone.
Maybe in the MCU he can start hero and become a villain. Especially considering that the Skrulls will be the villains in this movie so the Kree will probably be the good guys.
I hope we get some scenes with Cap and Spidey in IW. It doesn't seem likely based on what the trailers have shown, but if Cap bites the dust before we got him to say something inspirational to Peter it would really suck.
That suit can't fly to him or the people he cares about when he's in a pinch. 
The point is that Google has an interest in keeping your data secure. Your data is their bread and butter, and they don't want it getting out. Whereas other companies seem to be willing to sell off your data for a profit.

The Google method isn't ideal but it's better than what companies like Facebook are doing.
There seem to still be some cases where Facebook apps can get access to user data, whereas with Google, 3rd party companies cannot access user data (unless you're the government).
To be fair, at least Google isn't *selling* your data. They're hoarding it because the data is valuable to them. I'd rather have that than the companies that are selling my data itself.
They allude to more incidents with powered people. That could just be a reference to the other events of the movies, but it could also be a wink to the shows. The line was probably intentionally vague enough to work like that.
Coulson could just be shown to be an agent alongside Fury but Fury could be the agent that's involved with the main plot of the movie.
I think they mean the Kree in the coffin from the Peggy Carter flashbacks in the first episode of season 2 of AoS.
And like half of them will probably be in this movie. But I don't think they're going to go down that route. 
Or the characters of the movie think she died but she's alive and in space at the end. It could be a floating in space type thing until someone stumbles upon her, or she recovers somewhere else and doesn't come back to earth for 20 years.

Another possibility is that the Avengers use Doctor Strange's time stone and pluck her out of history so that she can help them defeat Thanos. They know the exact time of death so they're able to save her at the last minute.
I miss Koenig
It's kinda funny how they're still using the same set yet it feels so different now.
"WHO ARE YOU TALKING TO???" I actually had to pause it to process what was going down.
If it came down to it, I'm sure Hugo Weaving would change his tune when he saw how much money he's being offered to return. His biggest issue iirc was the makeup, and I'm sure they could do some CGI magic to make that process easier on him.

But I doubt they're going to bring Red Skull back anytime soon.
Ah fuck, I can't believe I've done this.
He's there

edit: nevermind that was a smudge on my screen 
Well he did have one line, but I doubt most people stuck around to hear it.
Captain Marvel being in the 90s (or the past in general) in the MCU isn't a thing in the comics. That's mostly just a Captain America thing (and his side characters like Bucky and Red Skull sometimes).

I think they're doing the 90s thing in the movies to fill in the timeline a bit and so that they don't have to have this major origin story take place after Infinity War.
They also didn't list in in the Ant-Man press release when they started production because she was only in one scene. It could be the same thing in this case.
Eh, Peggy would have been in her 70s at the time of this movie. She's definitely at Director level rather than Agent, which Fury and Coulson will probably be. 
Considering the events of this season, they left the MCU *timeline* for about half a season but now they're back.
They didn't announce that Hayley Atwell would be in Ant-Man either. Seems like all these guys will have major roles whereas, Peggy would just be the director of SHIELD so she wouldn't play as major of a role.
Could make him more sympathizable. Show him before he goes all crazy genocidal. Maybe the events of this movie will leave him broken, and set up for the Ronan we got in Guardians.
It would be nice to have it as a setting. My phone tries to stay connected to my WiFi when I'm leaving my apartment and it gets annoying when trying to load GPS directions. Or sometimes it turns on in the middle of a drive when I'm close to a public saved network for a couple of seconds. Being able to have it turn off automatically or not automatically turn on for certain networks would be nice.
or tap the "+" FAB in comments and there's also buttons there
Is there correlation there? I've been working out recently and my beard game has been improving but I'm not sure if it's a coincidence or not.
Honestly I think even if apple hadn't done this, Android OEMs would've anyways. The trend has been to minimize bezels as much as possible so the notch is unavoidable until we get under screen cameras and sensors.
I like the idea of the Celestials not being a race or anything but just a group of people that have existed since the beginning of the universe. They're all different from one of another but are connected by that common thread. Like a high school class. Ego is the weird one that no one liked.
iOS does include a calculator. I just saw posts recently about a bug where if you hit the buttons too fast, it missed some of your input.

You're probably thinking of the iPad that doesn't a have a calculator.
Does anyone notice this app using more battery than normal? I love it but it always seems to be at the top of my usage. I'm not sure if that's because I use it too much or if there's actually some bug.
I think it might be because high-end smartphones have started getting more and more expensive so people feel more reason to justify their purchases.
Tbh, Spotify should work on corporate packages or something. It's a incentive workplaces could offer and gets people hooked on their service.
I have my work laptop that I use whenever I need to do real stuff, but yeah for the most part I only use my phone in the evenings (usually casting to the TV).
They say that he figured out how to "fix" Pepper and then they show him getting the shrapnel out right after Pepper. So the implication is whatever work was done to fix the extremis problem applied to him getting the shrapnel out. I'm paraphrasing as I haven't seen the movie in a while. 

I agree when Avengers is set in 2012, but it doesn't make sense for IM3 to take place in 2012 if Avengers takes place in 2010.
I mean the inhumans outbreak in AoS and then people referencing all the powered people in JJ season 1
Mostly SHIELD as it took place over a longer period of time with dates explicitly displayed or discussed. The Netflix shows mostly only reference the events of Avengers (also TIH) and the Inhuman outbreak so they can take place anytime after those events take place.
 
I'd say move IM3 back to 2010 or 2011 since it seemed to take place less than 2 years after Avengers judging by Tony's behavior. I know the movie showed a newspaper dated 2013, but that could have been a mistake.

Ragnarok seems to take place right before IW but it could be late 2018 with IW taking place early 2019.

This is great, and well thought out!

From Homecoming's perspective, I think they wanted to show that Toomes had been running his business for the last 8 years. For Civil War and BP, the amount of time between the flashbacks and main storyline didn't matter.
Language!
The entire time I knew him, he only had one goal...to get all his characters back.
To be fair, the core Avengers did spend 2 years or so taking out Hydra, it mostly just happened off screen. There's no "small Avengers team", the Avengers were just on a more stealthy mission so Iron Man, War Machine, and Vision sat it out (and I got the impression that Vision and Wanda were still in "training").  Instead of having separate teams, it's more of having the right people for the job going on missions.
That would be easier on a meta level too. The Avengers not being "full time" means that it's more plausible for solo movies to have one or two characters having to deal with a threat on their own. Avengers or other big team up movies would be less frequent but would be a bigger deal when they happen. 
You're right but I enjoy watching AoU just to see the little bit we get. They were a good team in that intro Hydra base take down and then at the end in Sokovia. And then of course there's the CW intro scene, but that's more of a stealth mission without the heavy hitters.
Nope that was IM2 just before the car race scene.
Makes sense, there's always people out there that bear an uncanny resemblance to celebrities. Like [Gary from Iron Man 3] (https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/marvelcinematicuniverse/images/d/d5/Gary.PNG/revision/latest?cb=20130527013617).
Make it Osborn Tower
That's in real life. In the MCU, it's actually made by [Le**o**pold](https://static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/7/79073/3994747-009.jpg). Crossover confirmed.


Maybe they could use haptic feedback? So you slide your finger around until you feel the buzz. Sounds weird but I feel like it's something that would be fast once you get the hang of it.
It would be cool if they keep the back fingerprint sensor as well so you can still use the swipe for notifications gesture. It's such a great feature on bigger phones.
They didn't buy the share of Hulu specifically, they will just get it because they're buying 20th Century Fox. They previously owned a 30% stake and after buying Fox they'll have a 60% stake. 
Also, dragons. They had a bird's eye view of the horizon.
I hate cases but I use a mnml case so I don't have to worry about scratches every time I set the phone down. It has a little bump that keeps the camera from touching the table.
He needed to not have it on so that Howard would recognize him. They (Hydra) probably only had him wear a mask in TWS so that Steve wouldn't recognize him and cause the very issues that happened when his mask came off.
Forced to add a mask in the sense that if they don't, it'll make the icon look ugly. Some devs don't care, but if they do, they'll add an adaptive icons. If they don't care, as more and more users get Oreo, devs will get more complaints and will eventually have to care.
-Kevin Feige to /u/SalmonSole
Or this one.   
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKAfwBPvsMA
Maybe eventually if he makes it out of the next few movies alive but I think the first next step is an update to his watch becoming a guantlet, which would be other parts of his clothing coming together to form the suit.
They're not adding a white background, that happens automatically when you target Oreo. The idea is that as more and more people get Oreo, devs would be more inventivised to update their icon.
>"Send Jon to Essos." 

He would also probably feel that this would break whatever promise he made to Lyanna. I'm assuming the promise had something to do with protecting the kid and shipping him off doesn't feel like protection or taking care of a child. Especially since most people would assume it's a random bastard and not a highborn bastard.
Ned also didn't know Cat very well at this time, they didn't spend much time together after being married before he had to go south.

And Ned wouldn't put the burden of the bastard on Benjen, unless absolutely necessary.
Maybe they just got to used to the normal flow over the years. The initial actors were probably trained better than the actors 20 years later.
Appropriate username for someone giving advice. I'd trust this guy OP.
I like the idea that the meteor containing the vibranium comes from whatever planet holds the soul stone. So the Wakandan soul stuff has soul stone properties, but there's not yet another infinity stone on Earth.
I like the theory that Gamora's people have a connection to the soul stone, which is why Thanos killed all of them. What Thanos doesn't know is that Gamora knew where the stone was hidden the whole time, and she'll lead the Avengers to it (which could be the plotline that involves Stark, Spidey, Star-Lord, Doctor Strange, etc. to be in space, as we saw in the trailers).
Is it possible that the entire industry was moving in that direction and Apple just got there first on some things?

Trying to minimize bezel as much as possible has been the trend for a couple of years now, and until the cameras and speaker can be under the screen, there will be a notch up top. And until manufacturers are able to figure out how to hide the display controller (like Apple did), there will be bezel on the bottom.

Devices being waterproof is another trend that started a few years ago and getting rid of the headphone jack makes that a lot easier. Of course, they could keep the headphone jack and still be waterproof, like Samsung has done so I'll give you that one. But still, they're not *necessarily* copying Apple - they're just doing what is easier for them, which is removing it all together.

Apple also has added pressure sensitive screens to their devices, but most companies haven't "copied" that. Apple also has a "haptic engine" which changes the game for haptic feedback, and most companies haven't copied that.

I think a lot of these things are not direct Apple-copying, but more of companies just giving the **general** consumer what they want. The development life-cycle for phones is usually over a year, so they wouldn't be reacting to something that was released under a year ago. Devices are just getting better and better, so there is a convergence for what the "perfect" device should look like.
Samsung made the display on the Pixel 2 (not the XL). And it's AMOLED, Samsung doesn't do LCD.
On the Pixel at least, the round icons are system-wide. So that's probably on the OEM's side. If they don't want to use the rounded icons system-wide, they shouldn't default to them on the launcher.
I'm hoping for a callback to that scene with Tony in IW. "Now would be a good time to put on your metal suit Stark", "I'm always wearing my suit" and boom, suit comes out of his jacket. 
What is canon though is that all those suits weren't designed for battle. They released official descriptions for them and each one had a specific purpose. As in, after New York, Tony became obsessed with making a suit for each possible situation that could fly to him on command. The end result of this is that when they were being used for combat (which most of them were not designed for), they fell apart.
Icon has to add the masking and it's required to do this if you target Oreo when you build your app. So lots of apps don't do that, so they don't have to implement adaptive icons.

But, now Google is requiring apps to target at least last year's API level. So by the end of this year, apps on the Play store will have to target Oreo and thus will have to add support for adaptive icons (or maybe this year the limit is 7.0 and 8.0 will be the limit next year...I'm not 100% sure).
I believe there is a Chrome extension that will sync Samsung browser with desktop Chrome.
Oh wow that's pretty cool, I didn't realize you can do this.
Maybe they'll bring Diggle on if they write him out of Arrow.
Yeah, ever since the first Pixel, the focus has been on the camera. But the one thing they were lacking was a proper portrait mode and they changed the game with that with the Pixel 2.
While Drogo did wait for Dany to say "yes" the first night, he never asked again and she was physically in pain and uncomfortable every night for a while until she started her "lessons" with her bedmaids. So it was basically rape every night after that first one. 

I think the show effectively got the message across without covering each night.
Yes that's the one. Extremely thin, so it won't protect much for drops but it's great for scratch protection. You also can't take it on and off too much because it'll start getting loose.

I really like it because it barely feels like I have a case on but it protects my phone from scratches and makes it less slippery.
Oh yes, AoU I agree. I know folks here like to argue that that the sceptor was always meant to be the mind stone but I do think that was a retcon. It all worked out, but I don't think it was planned during the production of Avengers.
When did AoS retcon stones into earlier movies?
How do you like it? I'm coming from the MNML case so I find it way too bulky. Although I like the feeling of the bare, caseless back.

I think I'll just slap it on when I'm traveling and stick with the MNML for every day use.
I guess it just depends on what services you use. I definitely notice stuttering so I tend to avoid them. Ymmv.

Edit: and it's not like no one else has pointed this out. Just Google "android accessibility lag" and you'll see dozens of posts about it 
It's not like Google sells your data either. They sell ads and target the ads to specific users based on the data they have. 

The value in that process is the data itself. Google would never sell that to competitors.
They don't like falafel?
Here's an article on it

https://www.xda-developers.com/working-as-intended-an-exploration-into-androids-accessibility-lag/
btw, thanks for making me aware of this app! It's almost the perfect app for my usage. Only thing I miss coming from the official app is swipe mode loading comments automatically but it sounds like the dev is working on that.

Thanks!
Got it, looks like getting the iap did the trick. Thanks!
How do you get the bottom nav bar to show up? I joined the beta, but couldn't find that in settings.
I just have my work laptop and pretty much use my phone (sometimes Nexus 7 when the phone is charging) for everything. Outside of work, all I really do with technology is listen to music and watch videos/tv/movies so I'm able to use the phone to play/cast those things.

This changed recently, as I got a Chromebook, but I mainly just use that for a bigger screen for when I'm in bed. 
What reddit app is that?
To allow the pie controls to have a back button, you have to give them accessibility access. Enabling accessibility is a big performance hit unfortunately. 
It could be a 9.1 thing that launches with the new Pixels.
Probably a liability thing. He doesn't want to be accountable if his adjustments change the meaning of a sentence in a way they don't want. His job is to just read the script.
Exactly
That's not true. In fact the Pixel 2 XL screen is overly black and makes things that are supposed to be gray a deep black.

It's white that gets grainy on this screen.
I'm pretty sure that quote's intention was that the Netflix shows won't reference the events of Infinity War, but all these theories do bring a smile to my face. ðŸ¤ž
Currently there's Iron Heart (Riri Williams) that has taken up the mantel. Depending on how IW goes, maybe Shuri from Black Panther could take on an Iron Man-esque role if Tony dies.
Found Christopher Walken's account
Maybe during the beginning of AM&TW they'll have the shit going on in New York on TV in the background while the characters are dealing with their shit. And then near the end of the movie they come out the Quantum Realm and find that the world is completely different.
It's also an alpha release, clearly not design complete judging by the mix of old animations and new ones.
Anyone getting push notifications from the lite app? I've been using the mobile site for a while now because I got sick of the regular app, and the only thing missing from the site is notifications (which used to work). But I haven't noticed any notifications from the Lite app even though push notifications are turned on.
Were you the one digging through my trash last night or was that your cousin?
Yup, it's adaptive icons. You can change the icon shape as well if you're using a launcher that supports it.
Cue Sarah McLachlan
Nah if that was the case this scene wouldn't be in the trailer

He'll probably get bitch slapped away
I was hoping that Loki would go out heroically. This shot makes me sad.

[https://i.imgur.com/3ID7ndu.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/3ID7ndu.jpg)
I was hoping that Loki would go out heroically. This shot makes me sad.

[https://i.imgur.com/3ID7ndu.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/3ID7ndu.jpg)
Crazy how the same guy (James Mangold) went on to make Logan.
When T'Challa came back, everyone was basically expecting him to remain king. M'Baku decided to challenge him because they had issues with his father, but it seems like the norm was just passing the power on to the next of kin.
This suit would be perfect for War Machine tho
Technically they can verify this, but idk if they care that much
> there's still that I wish they did better in this regard such as Groot and Rocket's origins, but whatever.

I remember reading that the third one is supposed to be about Rocket's origins.
T-Mobile Dash (HTC Excalibur) - Windows Mobile 6.0 I think. I installed Android on this one just for kicks.

Nexus S - came with Gingerbread, updated to ICS at least, maybe Jellybean

Nexus 4

Nexus 6

Nexus 6P

Pixel

Pixel 2 XL

I'll probably use the trade-in this year to upgrade to the Pixel 3. I usually pass my older devices to family members but I'm gonna be selfish this year.
To be fair, all trailers were awful back then
Yeah that rubs me the wrong way, I'm surprised that there's so many people advocating that. But to be fair, YT Red is only available in a few countries, and I'm pretty sure Spotify is available in way more places.
Oh I yeah I forgot that he wasn't in that scene.
They're actually not under the glass. Iirc, there is metal under the glass anyways, it's just there for aesthetics.

The first Pixel had antena lines and the 2 does as well, just with a coat of metallic paint over them.
They have a bar on the bottom for gestures anyways, they could use that to balance the top and bottom.
In my experience, on the Mac at least, it just fails to connect until I forget it, apply changes, and then try to connect again, where I'm given the password prompt. 

Maybe it's just something weird with my work's network. They change it twice a month, and it's always been the same steps for me.
On my Mac, and I'm told it's the same on the iPhones, I don't think you can change the password for a saved WiFi network. You have to "forget" the network and reconnect to input the new password. I was flabbergasted.
For portrait mode yes. I think they're still useful for either 2x zoom or for wide angle shots. 

If the Pixel 3 is dual camera, I'm looking forward to see what magic Google can pull out of an additional camera. If it's not a zoomed lens or wide angle, maybe it'll be to supplement portrait mode and we'll get a better bokeh effect.
Source? Yes, they used his face for the concept art but that's all I've ever seen about this. That doesn't mean they were considering him, or that he would play Ross. 

IIRC, they used Ryan Gosling for Doctor Strange concept art.
That has nothing to do with this post
They should introduce Netflix "DJs" and you can follow certain DJs depending on what kind of content you feel like watching.

Basically channels, but with some buzzword to avoid the topic of Netflix turning into TV.
>â€œ I am the S.W.O.R.D. in the darkness...I am the S.H.I.E.L.D. that guards the realms of men.....â€

ftfy
>Bolton

>don't have magic

[Oh my sweet summer child] (https://www.reddit.com/r/asoiaf/comments/1xe89h/spoilers_all_bolt_on_apply_directly_to_the/) /s 
That's a good point
Loki was already shown to have mind control powers so it could have just been enhancing his powers, rather than being the mind stone. 
It's possible they just want someone that can pull off that last part, so that as the character develops, he becomes more warm-hearted. It's been a while since I read the books, but iirc he becomes less of an asshole over the course of the first couple of books.
Yup, and now instead of turning grey, a small x just appears like in OP's screenshot.
I think retcon is more likely since they weren't even set on using Thanos (and the infinity stones) until after production had started on Avengers. The tesseract could have just been a cosmic cube and not an infinity stone in the context of The Avengers.
Feige: "I'm a juggernaut bitch"
Ah snap I forgot about that. It would be cool to see a call back to that first MCU scene. Maybe Tony has a framed version of the picture he took with the soldiers in that scene.
I thought it was 50/50 in the US
Maybe I'm misreading your comment but Pixel 2 isn't 18:9, it's 16:9
DO SOMETHING!!!
Most video and full screens games have black bars (or get cropped) on 18:9 screens anyways.
Actually, there's a whole arc in AoS where all the Hydra leaders are systematically taken out. The Avengers took out the big players, and SHIELD cleaned out the rest.
That's true and I feel like it's basically automated at this point, but the mindset is still there at least where I'm at. The turn around is most likely under 24 hours, but we're always allotting a week, just in case.

I honestly wonder if the approval process is *partially* a marketing technique to make companies prioritize iOS releases. No matter how much planning goes into a release, at the end of the day, Apple's got you by the balls for final approval.
How so?
I think they would save the dragon battles for a finale, almost treating the concept of using them in battle like how nukes are treated today. The high-born families that fans are familiar with from GoT would all be involved, with each one choosing a side. We'll get to see the Starks, Lannisters, Tyrells, etc. all deal with their own shit as they set up the main storyline. I think there's a lot of potential.
I love the trope where they'll be music playing and it seems to be non-diegetic but then a character says something along the lines of, "turn that shit off" and the music stops, revealing that it was diegetic music the whole time.
There have been hints of it coming in the past. I'm not expecting it, but I'll be happy if they decide to make it happen.

https://www.androidpolice.com/2017/03/28/google-is-working-on-bringing-android-studio-to-chrome-os/
In my experience, deploying on iOS devices is a nightmare, with different provisioning profiles and approval processes. On Android, it's just a matter of distributing an APK file.

I think most shops are iOS-first because 1) most executives are on iOS and 2) Apple's approval process means that your iOS update has to pushed out a few days to a week before the planned release, while on Android you can basically deploy instantly. That just leads to a process where you always have the iOS release ready before the Android release has to be ready.
Yeah I agree, most Googlers seem to have iOS devices. But I just want Android Studio support on ChromeOS so I can justify buying a Pixelbook :P
> Most of their official android development guides show mac shortcuts by default.

Well in this case, Google doesn't offer their own OS that can do Android development.
I like the idea of a Blackfyre Rebellion series but each rebellion is basically a generation apart, so it would involve a lot of aged up actors/new cast members. I think it could be done in a cool way with time jumps between seasons, but I'd like to see them do a regular spin-off first, before diving into a concept like this. 

They could cover Dance (and surrounding stories like the Hour of the Wolf) for a couple of seasons and end it with Aegon IV, which would set up a Blackfyre sequel series.
True, but why change stuff if you don't need to? There's plenty of content to draw from for Dance and after a couple of seasons, they can properly set-up Aegon IV's reign for a future Blackfyre series.
I don't think we'll get that because it's too far separated from the GoT story. And the cast would be all Valyrians and slaves, versus a Westeros-centered story that could include all the families that fans are already familiar with.
Moving the Blackfyres up in the timeline would mess with Brynden Rivers though. I feel like he's really tied to all that. But I guess the show did ignore that aspect of the 3ER.

I think the whole Blackfyre plot could make for its own series, where they cast new actors and jump forward 15-20 years between each season to cover the different generations. If they do that, they could even cover the (f)Aegon storyline by having it take place post-GoT.
I think the only problem with incorporating Blackfyre stuff is that didn't start until Aegon IV died which is a couple of decades after Dance. And the show pretty much ignored any possible Blackfyre references.
They're trying to turn it into a newsfeed and deliver the personal information to you in other ways (the date/weather widget on your homescreen, notifications, etc.). 

Why? No idea, but probably because Apple's left-most screen is a newsfeed and they want to do the same. 
I'm betting on Dance. It'll be a big budget production out of the gate and it'll still revolve around the "game of thrones" as it's a fight for the throne. Except this time the Targaryans are front and center.

They could squeeze in the story of Cregan Stark fighting off the Wildling invasion in the North before coming down south for the Hour of the Wolf story, since that takes place around the time of Dance.

It's the perfect story. All the families from GoT are in basically the same places but the political climate is completely different. 
Does anyone remember Pendragon by DJ MacHale? Why the hell isn't there a series based on that yet? The concept of hopping from world to world every movie would be cool as fuck.
He could have a surprise appearance towards the end. So they don't want the audience expecting to see him. Could be a save the day moment that allows the team to survive until Avengers 4 where Thanos is supposed to continue being the villain.
It would have been in replacement of the scene where Cap fights the Quinjet as he's escaping SHIELD after jumping out of the elevator.
I'm sorry but the movie came out 2 years ago and I don't think anyone avoiding spoilers would make it this far down. That being said...

I agree with what you're saying about Ant-Man and IM drones, but I still don't think Spider-Man's introduction worked - outside of the initial viewing which was holy shit this is actually happening. I saw a Youtuber suggest that maybe this fight should've been set in JFK airport in New York and Spider-Man could've shown up naturally. I think that could have worked well.
We could get him back in the spirit realm, since he was Black Panther for a hot sec.
The reason many people hate the notch around here is that the "stuff" that can be displayed around the notch is useless and leads to the feeling of the notch imposing on the display. By treating it like a bezel, you never have the notch intruding on the content but also allow the device to be physically smaller because the status bar and the usual top bezel are the same space.
I don't understand what you mean, even with a notch, the status bar has to go somewhere. This just makes the status bar part of the "bezel". 
If we have to have a chin, I'm imagining a design with a permanently black status bar that has a notch (end result is that the status bar icons are on the bezel instead of the rectangle that makes up the screen), and then a symmetrically sized bottom bezel that houses the bottom front facing speaker. [For a visual, I'm imagining something like what the leaked LG G7 looks like.] (http://pocketnow.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/LG-G7-Neo-MWC-2018.jpg)
>That's the point of the dp

Nah the point of the developer preview is for app developers to start testing their apps with the new version. If there's any weird bugs, they can let the Android team know so things can be addressed sooner. They're not really looking for feedback here.
The only problem is that Android is almost at 2 billion devices around the world. If they threw it in the System UI Tuner, there would be dozens of articles explaining how to activate them. You'd get thousands of people using it and then complaining about bugs when things don't work right and when they decide to make changes to how it works.
Google has been on an Apple-copying streak but this kinda makes sense because Android Wear implies that the watches only work with Android devices, when that's not the case. They also work with iOS.
Yeah I'm not a fan of the Killer Frost actress. The Caitlin actress is great though!
I like how they do a transparent status bar on iOS. It covers part of the video, but it looks a lot nicer. You always have the option of going full screen anyways.
From it.
They actually had OTAs this time, so folks were able to update without resetting their devices.
Isn't Square Enix working on a bunch of Marvel games as well? We could very well get an Iron Man game.

https://na.square-enix.com/us/blog/marvel-entertainment-square-enix-announce-avengers-project
I like how data can be shared between apps. I can click a link in one app and open it in whichever app I want, rather than being forced to use whatever Google specifies. I can share content from an app to any other 3rd party app. No need to copy/paste direct links or anything. 

Small things like that is why I stick with Android.
Yeah, it was a mutual agreement. His hair decided it was time to move on.
I think he's a great actor, he just chooses his roles based on how fun the production will be.
Well their wireless charging wouldn't be using the Qi standard, so they'd have some sort of pad designed for their pins.
If we're bringing in Donald Sutherland we gotta find a roll for Jack Bauer too
*Fourth. Odin stopped the Frost Giants a while ago
Eh I upgrade and pass my devices on to family members. Going from the Pixel 1 to the 2 wasn't a big jump but my brother went from the Nexus 6 to the Pixel 1 so it was a big upgrade for him.
That's usually true but they introduced this concept very recently in the comics and a lot of folks think that it's inspired by the direction they will take in the MCU. We'll have to wait and see.
I've thought of that before. Maybe the team realizes that the only way to prevent Earth from being destroyed is to change history so that the Kree don't come to Earth in the first place.

No Kree means no resurrected Coulson. No SHIELD post-TWS. No Inhumans. Pretty much writes AoS and Inhumans out of existence. 

But then we get a montage showing that history finds a way. Hydra still formed as a secret organization bent on controlling the world. Instead of Inhumans, we have Mutants. And a lot of the characters from the show end up being part of a Secret Warriors team that Fury sets up after the fall of SHIELD. The leader of that team? An AI called P.H.I.L. voiced by Clark Gregg. 

End Agents of SHIELD, but start the spin-off Secret Warriors.
They're just from another branch
I agree but I when I hang them around my neck, they slowly slide to the left until they're about to fall off. I think the left bud is slightly heavier than the right one. 

I just tuck the left bud into my shirt when I have them around my neck to prevent this. Hopefully they pay more attention to the weight for the next iteration.
I could see this happening but without "tricking" the audience into thinking the character actually died. I don't think anyone would be upset if characters died but then the death is reversed immediately. 

It would be a cool way to show the time stone's power while also showing the desperation of the team, as they are literally killing themselves over and over trying to defeat Thanos.

I think what Feige meant is that we're not going to get a death that characters react to and deal with, only to be undone before the end of the movie (ie Fury in CA:TWS, Loki in TDW, etc).
I appreciated the movie references, we haven't gotten many recently. Loki's sceptor, Mr. Stark
Maybe they'll steal all the basketballs
If you look at the thread, we don't have 100% confirmation that the SMS functionality isn't the same as the one that's been in the app since day 1. Which is where it uses a 5 digit number as an SMS-relay. People don't like that, understandably. I just tried this myself, and it sent the message with the 5 digit relay number. The person in the other thread is probably just mistaken. 

Weirdly though, it seems like that SMS relay functionality has been removed from the Allo app but still works from the website.
I'd love to see Jon Favreau with a mullet again.
My only fear with camo skins or cases is that I will set my phone face down and then never be able to find it again.
For me the fact that Pixel Buds charge with the same charger as my phone was pretty much the deciding factor. Otherwise, both have their pros and cons. Air Pods have a better design and are truly wireless, while Pixel Buds have Google Assistant built in, you can hang them around your neck when you're not using them, and that winged tip you get from the wire is really useful for a comfortable fit.
It's the same in Oreo. It's just dark because your screensaver is set to the Clock app and when you go to settings for it, it opens up the settings screen from the Clock app. And the Clock app is dark.

[https://i.imgur.com/3PbW63z.png](https://i.imgur.com/3PbW63z.png)
It's already been done kinda with Night Nurse. Different versions of the character but the same superhero name. I feel like having Rosario Dawson play a role in Doctor Strange wouldn't have required too much extra effort from Marvel but I guess they're not interested in trying to make the two sides connect.
Ooh shit I didn't realize that Google purchased a company that does this. That's pretty dope. I've heard the quality isn't quite there for this kind of tech but if Google's doing it, that's a good sign.
Looks nice, but then you'd lose the front facing speakers :(
I'm betting on Peppermint. Would be good for marketing the new design.
The Android P setting changes the size of the status bar too, these apps just put an overlay on the screen.
The visual changes are also incomplete. The main purpose of these dev previews is to start testing apps and playing with the new APIs before they get finalized. Things like the new animation when switching between apps makes me think a gesture based navigation system might finally come with P.
Ah you're right, it is like that on 8.1 as well. 
Peppermint, especially because there is a UI refresh. It can be marketed as "fresh".
It's in the same place it is currently. Expand quick settings at it's at the bottom.
WebOS was ahead of its time. I'm glad both Apple and Google are looking to it for inspiration.
Also makes the top "bezel" and the bottom bezel symmetrical. That's pretty elegant imo, and it would allow you to have dual front facing speakers with that bottom chin.
This is all actually canon and takes place slightly before the events of Ragnarok
Hopefully Josh Brolin doesn't decide to grow a mustache anytime soon.
How else are they gonna defeat Thanos? They need Felicity's hacking powers. And nanites.
She had already filmed all her scenes for the movie. I think it would have been kinda disrespectful to kill her off and scrap those scenes just because she died in real life. There's nothing wrong with her passing between episodes VIII and IX, and they can cover that in the opening crawl. The impact of her death could be a driving force for some of the characters in IX.
> i wouldn't realise it until I restart my phone 

That's why Google puts the red bars. To make it clear to the user that they are in a low performance mode.
He needs a couple of solo movies under his belt before he gets a hairstyle change. That's how Marvel movies work.
Any chance that this could be misdirection by James Gunn? The Guardians run-in with the Sovereign would have been 4 years ago at this point, it's possible that Adam Warlock comes after them and has the soul stone like in the comics.
I agree with the point about comparing midrange Android phones to iPhones in general but imo the auto-brightness on the Pixel 2 XL does suck compared to my previous devices (Pixel and Nexuses, so a good mix of high-end and midrange).
It could use all the proper design elements but still have a crappy design. UI vs UX
Hey, I know you're getting downvoted here but just wanted to point out that I was able to reproduce this on my coworkers iPhone 10. And then others were able to reproduce it on their own devices. 
KLP was the internal name of Kit-Kat if that counts
The original comment says *create* multireddits. We can view them but can't create them in the official app. Some third party apps allow you to create multireddits.
How else would it respond to that prompt? Would you rather it say "sorry I did not understand that"?
I thought he meant multireddits.
Basically that weird religion in Runaways but IRL
That would be really cool considering that Cruise was initially considered for Tony Stark. If Stark dies in Avengers 4, Osborne can swoop in as Peter's new (evil) mentor. 
A best supporting character bracket would be dope. Include all the shows and movies. Luis vs Shuri vs Ghost Rider vs Misty vs etc etc. Could be fun.
Starting from my first Android device in 2010ish: Reddit is Fun -> Reddit News (now Relay) -> Sync -> Slide -> Karma Machine (for a sec) -> Sync -> official app -> Sync.

I've been using Sync since it originally came out (7-8 years ago I think). Recently I've started using the official app and I really like the auto-playing gifs and being able to swipe between posts but it has some frustrating bugs. Sometimes links won't be clickable or random posts that I never opened will be up when I come back to the app. So for now I've switched back to Sync.


Sync does as well. Pretty sure the only major one that doesn't is the official app.
Dev was released before they started allowing beta channels in the Play Store. It's basically the same updates if you join Reddit Sync Pro beta.
Simmons is bio so I can see her omission but they've done a good job of not dropping the "hacker" part of Daisy's past, so she should totally be up there. But Daisy is more hackery than hardware like these other guys I guess.
The Nexus 4 was ahead of its time. Glass phone years before the other companies started doing it. I'm still waiting for someone else to copy that sparkly texture on the back.
People are losing their shit now but as soon as ______ (insert preferred company) releases a phone with a notch, they'll just buy it and move on with their lives.
>The iPhone X display is an in-house Apple design, and Samsung is just the contracted manufacturer.

Now that they made it for Apple, what's stopping Samsung from using this idea themselves for their own phones? Does the fact that Samsung made this for Apple make it so Samsung cannot use a similar implementation without getting sued? Genuinely curious, this makes for an interesting scenario, since they're typically competitors. 
True, and applicable to the nav bar since that can go away. But with this hypothetical example, no content would ever be displayed around the notch, other than notifications and system icons so uneven burn-in wouldn't be a problem.
Have a version without the text?
It slowly rotates if you leave it open but it resets to your location if you leave the home screen.
Yeah but the point is that Thanos isn't aware of this. He would've been aware of Odin. And that could be why he waited so long.
But Wakanda kept to themselves and majority of Earth didn't know about them
>Being Google they might actually screw up wireless charging if they implement it.

Google had wireless charging back with the Nexus 4, 5, and 6. And at least the Nexus 7 (2013), don't remember if it was in the OG Nexus 7. 
Google Assistant is part of the Google app. The Assistant app that's in the Play Store is just a shortcut to open it.
Peppermint. Especially if we get a redesign as rumored. Sounds more "fresh" and marketable than the other suggestions.
Not sure about 3rd party apps but Android P is supposed to add support for this, so later this year.
I think the biggest one is Odin. Now that Asgard can't protect Earth, the stones are for the taking...but we got Wakanda now.
Google might be going in that direction too. Check out the Google Play Games app.
[Screenshot] (https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/nexus2cee_Screenshot_20180228-003243.png)
Just watch both Guardians in the same week since Vol 2 takes place right after 1.
Hey now that the time travel and reality changing is involved ðŸ¤ž
ðŸ””ðŸ””
I fucking love Quill's style. He's rocking that moustache.
I think the notch is turning into a marketing feature for them, making the device stand out. I doubt they'll get rid of it until they need a design refresh which would be a couple of years away based on how long their previous designs lasted.

Depends on the reason it has a notch. Some of these phones coming out of MWC have huge bottom chins and then a notch too. If the side and bottom bezels are thin and we get a notch up top I wouldn't mind. It's clear that they're using the space effectively. But if it's like those MWC phones...I'll probably get it anyways but I'll be disappointed.
Delete this nephew
unless it exactly matches the dimensions of the iPhone, random devices looking like the iPhone isn't gonna help you get cases. Making a case is pretty trivial, and they make them for any device they think will get them the most customers, regardless of how similar the device is to other devices.
Check out Altered Carbon. It's basically a Black Mirror episode set in a Blade Runner-esque future with the concept of people being able to transfer your conscious into a new body.
>Oh sweet burn-in.

As opposed to what it is currently, where 90+% of the time it is displaying the status indicators with a colored background? If it's always a black background, there will be uneven burn-in compared to the rest of the screen yes, but with this proposed implementation that wouldn't even matter because that part of the screen would only ever show white text/icons on a black background, so it wouldn't be noticeable ever. In fact, the current implementation would actually highlight uneven burn-in if it were to occur.

Yeah, it'll make the display *feel* smaller, but physically the size remains the same. I'd argue that it looks a lot better but I guess that's subjective.
Hey Google, turn on the bidet. Hey Google, set bidet to 50%

...what could go wrong?
Have they sent out emails yet? It's supposed to be today, haven't heard anything yet.
I don't think there's any industrial push for Android Wear, it's all regular consumer watches right now. 

edit: Were you thinking of Google Glass? Because yes, I've also heard of an industrial use for that. And iirc they're trying to bring back Glass as a consumer product so we might actually see stuff about that at I/O this year.
Speak for yourself, I'm looking forward to staying in an AI hotel in the future.
Yeah idk if anything is actually in 2:1 or not, just saying that it gives you the option to be in full screen mode which crops anything that's not 2:1
Netflix just puts a fullscreen button in the bottom right corner. It lets you toggle between fullscreen (cropped for content that isn't 2:1) and letterboxed.
>iMessage is by far the most superior native messaging platform hands down. 

iMessage's superiority comes from the userbase which is basically comes from it being integrated into iOS. Like the other poster said, Google can't achieve that integration without being anti-competitive to existing apps that exist on Android. 

iMessage is also not perfect. There's plenty of people that have issues with disabling it or it not properly switching between SMS mode and iMessage mode. It's great and all but fuck the way it hijacks your phone number. 

Allo does the same thing for other people with recent Android phones. Works through Google Play services, just like how Duo does it.

But if they have an iPhone, they obviously can't do that, so they send it as a text message instead. But the number is 5-digit Google number instead of your phone number. Probably because Google Assistant can send messages too so they want to make it clear that it's not you sending regular text messages. I think the ideal solution would be to just use your number and disable Google assistant features in the chat unless both people are using Allo (or can receive Allo messages through Play Services). But I'm just a random guy on the internet, what do I know
Would that make the Galaxy Note phones the Samsung Note? They also have the Galaxy J series and the Galaxy X (I think that's their rumored flexible screen, not sure). Maybe they'll drop it for their S series but they'll still need it for the other variants.
It could fade to black when watching videos, just like how the Android nav bar buttons fade/go away when watching videos. 
The notch is pretty ridiculous on some of these devices that have a big bottom chin, but at least that's something that is "unavoidable" for the time being, until we're able to get under-screen cameras. 

I find the back camera arrangement much worse, there's no reason to use the exact same layout other than an attempt to make your phone look like the iPhone X. I've seen like 3 or 4 of the new phones announced using the same exact dual camera set up in the top left corner.
>afaik identical except no oled

The 8 also doesn't have the face sensors that are used for animojis and face unlock. And it has a 16:9 screen so no taller aspect ratio. And the software is different too, no fancy gestures. Some people like them, some people hate them but personally I'm looking forward to Google adapting gestures soon. Been waiting for this since WebOS did it back in the day.

So there's pros and cons depending on what you're looking for. I'm not an iOS guy but just the gestures alone would have pushed me towards the X.

All they need to do is optimize the software for it. Make the "ears" of the notch the permanent status bar so that all time/battery/wireless info displays there even when the screen is rotated. Use the AMOLED screen to your advantage and make it always black so that it blends in with the frame of the device. 

Apple's implementation kinda sucks because they want it to stand out for marketing purposes. They advise devs to have colorful status bars so that the notch is visible. Here's an example of what it could look like https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DJjBaK5WsAEKOAH.jpg
Oatmeal Cookie was also not 3 words but it was the internal name for Oreo.
Maybe the difference is that regular people go to Disney World while Jurassic World is trying to attract the elite, who apparently get bored easily. The kids in the movie only got in because of their family connections. Idk I could be completely off-base I haven't seen the movie since it was in theaters.
https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=783142#c_ts1517602160

>We are ending the current Chrome Home experiment and closing the corresponding Chrome Home bugs. Thanks for the feedback and support!

https://www.androidpolice.com/2018/02/07/google-might-scrapping-plans-chrome-home-bottom-address-bar-interface/

Chrome Duplex: https://www.androidpolice.com/2018/02/16/experimental-chrome-home-interface-now-chrome-duplex-address-bar-back-top/
[I prefer this simple trick](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a8/Common_alcoholic_beverages.jpg/1200px-Common_alcoholic_beverages.jpg)
Probably because it's terrible advice for a beginner. Also removing ads on Youtube is kinda scummy. If you're in a country where there's no Youtube Red, okay not as scummy but still. You're just screwing over creators when you remove ads like this.
> put 'chrome://flags' un your url to customize chrome, my favorite is chrome home, it makes the search bar go on the bottom and actually has an actual home page. Once you change anything type chrome://restart to use it

Enjoy Chrome Home while you can, it's already gone in the dev version of Chrome and eventually that change will make it to the regular version. They're replacing it with something called Chrome Duplex but it doesn't seem as useful as of now - hopefully it will improve.
>My car already does all of the things you mentioned. Waze, spotify, and SMS are already integrated and have voice commands.

Depends on the manufacturer, some cars don't have that built in. Out of all those things my car only has the SMS and voice commands (2016 Chevy Malibu). But I have Android Auto built in so I can everything with that.

The main benefit of Android Auto is the better UI for interacting with notifications, maps, and music. Also Google Assistant is way more useful than the built in commands. I can set reminders, ask questions, add to my shopping list, etc. in addition to calling/texting people.
I like that wifi turns itself on when I'm near a saved network but it would be nice to have a setting that turns wifi off automatically if I leave the area.
Yeah, dunno what they will do in the MCU. They usually change up things like that.
Fuck yeah Iain Glen would be a good Connors. Never thought of that, that's perfect.

And I agree we definitely need more GoT actors everywhere. I'd love to see Rory McCann and Alfie Allen as well. 

Typing this out made me realize that Iwan Rheon is in the MCU though...such a waste ðŸ˜”
NCW is awesome but I feel like he's too old for Adam Warlock. Would love to see him in some other role though.
>And finally Logan, which I assume is an alternate reality timeline.

Logan is the future of the happy DoFP timeline. It takes place like 6 years after what we saw at the end of DoFP. Pretty much their changing of history didn't stick and the mutants still ended up getting wiped out, just in a different way.
I hadn't heard that, that's awesome! He's also auditioned for Captain America and Star-Lord, and was pretty close to getting the parts iirc.
Ralph Wrecks the Internet - A Wreck It Ralph story
He's definitely interested in a Marvel role.
I don't know if they're going to show Thanos's family in the mcu but they're supposed to look like regular people. Thanos just looks weird because he's the Eternal's equivalent of a mutant.
Shit a movie called Killmonger would be fucking dope. They could even have Black Widow or someone show up in it as he rises through the ranks.
Keep in mind that this is Thursday before the opening weekend not after. Unless you give Thursday night screenings their own category, having them part of opening weekend makes sense.
Check out CinemaWins. He's the exact opposite of CinemaSins and always manages to find positive things to say even for shitty movies. It's a nice change of pace sometimes.
She used Vibranium tech obviously. ^^^/s
I think giving some time before moving on to Korra is the right move. I loved LoK but when you're so attached to the OG characters I can see why it would be rough. LoK came out years after the original series so making yourself wait before jumping into that can help recreate that feeling.
I deleted Facebook and Facebook Messenger and it fixed my battery problems.

I replaced Facebook with a shortcut on my homescreen to the mobile version of Facebook. And I replaced Messenger with Messenger Lite.
I do like the cord because it lets me hang them but the annoying thing is that the left earbud is a little heavier than the right earbud so you have to be careful because over time, they will shift left. I usually just tuck the left bud into my shirt so that it stays in place.
The standalone daydream headsets are supposed to come out this Spring so I'm waiting for those. Will probably be a bit more pricey, but you don't have to use your own phone (I don't like to because it makes the phone really hot).
Yeah I don't think there were many visual changes from Eclair to Froyo but Gingerbread was the start of the changes that continued on with Honeycomb and ICS. He was with Google for 6 months or so before Gingerbread was released so I wouldn't be surprised if the design changes were because of him.
It supports GPS apps, phone calls, notifications (reads your messages and lets you reply), and music apps. Also Google Assistant.
Ehhh I don't know if there's any deeper meaning. Gregor was keeping Tommen from leaving his room and showrunners wanted to include elements of the book scene where the little birds killed Kevan.

The reason Qyburn did the deed is because he hated maesters since Qyburn was kicked out of the Citadel for his creepy experiments. 
Gingerbread went dark but the first release that Duarte had influence over was Honeycomb iirc.
First couple of versions were light themed, but Gingerbread 2.3 (2010 or 2011ish) added the dark theme that stuck around until Lollipop 5.0.
That's most likely how it will be implemented. And we probably won't see apps from the big companies supporting this for some time. 

Substratum would obviously be seen as superior by the community since it works without the app devs adding support, but there is a 0% they'll be an official theme engine that involves 3rd parties making changes to other people's apps.
The reason children were used is because they were the little birds that Qyburn got his information from. They previously worked for Varys and when Qyburn took over, they started working for him. The little birds were also the ones that led Lancel to the wildfire cache.

It's possible that there was a pedophilia angle, I don't remember. But the reason that the kids killed Pycelle was because those kids did all of Qyburn's dirty work.
Pycelle was never shown to be a pedophile. He was shown sleeping with a random chick in an earlier season, but it wasn't a kid. Cersei just wanted him killed because he didn't stay by her side when shit went down in the previous season.

The scene of Pycelle being killed was just mirroring the book scene where Kevan Lannister gets killed in a similar manner. In the show, Kevan was just in the Sept that blew up.
They're supposed to officially release this at MWC, so maybe we'll see that stuff then
Huh, that's cool. Google's VR/AR stuff isn't all that impressive right now - it's fun to play around with but not too useful beyond that. But I'm excited to see continued development in this space and see where this goes. Maybe one day, consuming media via VR and using the phone in AR mode will be the norm.
I'm indian american too and I'm in the same boat. Family is super important and a lot of my childhood friends live at home, despite working full-time jobs. My parents always tell me to save money and move back home since I only live about half an hour away (in the city vs their house in the suburbs). But I always end up gaining weight when I stay at home and the time I save with my daily commute is worth it imo.
It would have probably been the same plot just at the London Sanctum.
Apparently that was the plan but Benedict Cumberbatch wanted to do the American accent and have it in New York (like in the comics) instead of London (which they were thinking about doing).
I know this is probably a joke but I distinctly remember this episode, it's where the dudes face gets fucking caved in at the end.
Ah gotcha, didn't realize that was the reason. I wonder who Disney is shopping it out to since ABC and Freeform don't seem to want it and everyone else is basically a competitor.

Maybe FX since Marvel TV already has a relationship with them and after the acquisition, they'll be under the Disney umbrella anyways.
>You could get the XL with the bigger screen 

I wouldn't recommend the 2 XL for media consumption. I love this phone, but the black crush makes it impossible to see anything during a dark scene. I used to watch Netflix on my OG Pixel, but with the 2 XL I've just been using my old Nexus 7 or Chromecasting stuff instead (which is a better experience anyways, so it doesn't bother me). 
I haven't used Relay since like 2012 (switched to Sync, and then Slide for a bit, and then the official app for like a second, and now back to Sync) but your comment about the animations is intriguing. Gonna go check it out!
They actually didn't. Fox's parent company wanted to sell. I'd rather have Disney buying them than Comcast.
The fact that Chris Hemsworth has been going around talking about how Avengers 4 is the end of his Marvel contract makes me think Thor 4 is even more likely because actors usually talk about that kind of stuff when they're negotiating contracts. Maybe I'm just being too optimistic.

The power of Thor is mantle that could be passed on, so I wouldn't be surprised to see a Thor 4 that's a passing of the torch movie. They're also probably gonna wait like 5 years or so before doing it so that it's a one-last time thing for Chris Hemsworth like Logan for Jackman.
Yeah for Heimdell and Korg, I'm sure they'll be in the beginning of the movie but not much other than that. So that means either they die (unlikely) or they get away. If they get away, then they're going to have to popup again in some future movie, which is exciting.
or IAP
It only does that if you hit a quick reply and then tap the "Tell _____ about Reply" button in the undo notification that shows up for a couple of seconds.
She was also in the after credits scene of The Dark World, she played Jane Foster (from the back) when Thor went to kiss her.
That could explain why Heimdall, Valkyrie, Korg, etc. don't seem to be in IW when Thor and Hulk are. That would also mean we basically have to get a Thor 4 or at least a sequel to the events of Ragnarok, otherwise the fate of the Asgardians and the Revengers will always be abandoned plot thread (unless they all just die :( )
I think New Warriors is on hold for now. It was supposed to be on Freeform, but they're not doing it anymore so it's being shopped around. If no network picks it up, it'll probably end up on Disney's streaming service next year.
It's not the Rock, it's his cousin
Yes, it works with hangouts. Haven't tested it myself but that's what it says in the app.
No they're not, it's actually dismissing the original and creating a new notification from the Reply app with the icon of the original app. Check out the screenshots in this thread.
Pardon my ignorance but what is there besides 32 and 64 bit?
Shit like this is really cool. Google didn't have to make this an OS-level feature (or work with the messaging app devs). They just used the APIs that are available to everyone and made a useful app. This allows them to flex their machine learning muscles while also showing off what's possible with Android.
If we're adding Turk we gotta have the shotgun-axe in there too.
Exactly! Here's a visual example. https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DJjBaK5WsAEKOAH.jpg

Just do this via software and make time/battery/signal stay there all the time, just rotating them when the device rotates. I think that would be a perfect compromise.
Do it with BP then - Hulk throwing a charged up BP would be a freaking human grenade
I think that's it but Apple and Google have both invested in LG's displays.
See all those clean shirts? It's a fucking Tide ad.
It's also a meaningless fact. This is a world where gamma radiation turned a scientist into a green monster, a billionaire flies around in a tin can, and Pym Particles exist. Why is an advanced city in Africa tripping people up?
Hmm, but why would Amanda Waller go up against Flash? I think the storyline should have involved some sort of political assassination. Maybe Queen Bee could have been involved with the story. Something covert and shady that she can't get Batman or other heroes to do.

Flash could have had a bigger role in one of the characters backstory. Harley and Deadshot got pretty meaty back stories so we could have also gotten one that featured Flash real quick. At least establishing that he's a CSI and whatnot.
I think BvS should have introduced at least one of the 3 JL characters better. Maybe covering Victor's accident as one of the stories that Clark is assigned, that he's not interested in covering. They could have also done something for Flash in Suicide Squad to introduce his character. Things like that could have eased the burden of covering all that in JL.

So it's no fault of BvS, more of a wasted opportunity I guess since they wanted to do JL so soon.
Even worse than that. GL bombed so they decided to go back to making a Nolan-esque gritty Superman movie with Man of Steel before ultimately deciding to do the team-up movies and "retconning" Man of Steel to take place in a world where Batman/Wonder Woman already exist.
I think expectations were reasonable. Luke Cage and DD season 2 had their fair share of issues to temper us. I think reception of IF would have been more positive if the fight sequences had been decent. That's the one thing they needed, and I think people would have been okay with the show overall. But terrible action sequences coupled with a meh plot? That really sucks.
Apparently it's only a cameo so that trailer appearance might be it.
Iron Fist got a lot of shit because it was one of the first "bad" shows. In hindsight, it's not nearly as terrible as Inhumans.
Ah right. Messenger was also the name of the SMS app that's now Android Messages.
Yeah, but Google Messenger doesn't really count imo, it was just the old name of their SMS app. Google Talk, Hangouts, Allo, etc. are actually full-fledged services.
Yeah fuck, I knew Gchat didn't sound right. You're right it was Google Talk.
FYI MX Player was just bought by some big company, so don't be surprised if there's a scummy update at some point in the future. But so far it's good.
Hangouts was originally part of Google+. Before Google+ we had Google Chat. gChat became Hangouts when they made Hangouts its own service separate from G+.
Coincidentally, I'm also at a WSU (Wayne State in Detroit), and they don't have Monday off ðŸ˜”
Ah gotcha, I found out later that high schools have it off so yeah that would be relevant for these numbers. Weird that it's not a holiday for colleges/universities.
Maybe Deadpool decides to help Dopinder out and goes to teach Bandhu a lesson for stealing Dopinder's girl. Somehow a Bollywood dance number is involved.
Wait what's the holiday? I'm in the US, I have work and school Monday.
He was just using Klaue and offed him once he had no more use of him. Klaue wants to use Wakandan resources for his personal gain, which is the kind of person Killmonger probably despises.
Perlmutter is in charge of Marvel Entertainment and Marvel TV is part of that. But Marvel Studios is separate from Marvel Entertainment now so he has no more control of the movies.
I remember reading that there was about 15 minutes of Dark Elf backstory cut out, and this was one of the shorter mcu movies. Big mistake imo.
[Well there is this..](https://i.imgur.com/ReXwD5q.gif)
That scene ended with a pan of the city and then it set up the scene in Oakland, revealing that T'Challa bought a couple of the buildings and was planning on setting up a Wakanda outreach center there. With his girlfriend and Shuri leading it.
I wonder what this means for the future of LG OLEDs. Both Apple and Google invested money in LG's display tech so that Samsung wouldn't be the only big player in the market.
You can also turn on notifications for the mobile site and add it to your home screen. At least for Facebook, Messenger makes you download the app.
Yes, but in terms of name recognition, Gates is well-known because he was in charge of Microsoft not specifically for Windows.
Gates was also in charge of Microsoft, while Rubin was just Android. If Rubin had also been the CEO of Google, it may have been different.
>Internally is being referred to as "Android Pistachio Ice Cream" although this is likely to change (thank god)

I think for the last couple of releases it's been a 3 word desert as the internal name. And then the actual name is different.

Key Lime Pie - Kitkat (the OG name change, mainly because Kitkat was a last minute decision)

Lemon Meringue Pie - Lollipop

Macadamia Nut Cookie - Marshmallow

New York Cheesecake  - Nougat

Oatmeal Cookie (this one breaks the 3 word pattern, damn) - Oreo 

and now Pistachio Ice Cream.

That's pretty ignorant of you to assume bears wouldn't want to protect their own property with video surveillance.
> iconic default 4.1+ wallpaper

Was that the purple one with the circles moving across the screen?
Instead of that, since multiple realities are in the picture now, it could be interesting if as a result of the events of IW and A4, his family no longer exists. Except he has memories of them so it fucks with his mind and he's at a pretty low point. And that's how we start an adaption of Faction's run.
I think he'll have a badass "coming out of retirement" moment in IW, when the rest of the team gets destroyed and he'll go on to play a big part of A4. ðŸ¤ž
This guy, Ward, and Lincoln
No they don't, they can reply through the notification. If they want to send a new message, yes they have to install it.
Maybe because there's a bunch of other turns on the left and they don't want people trying to merge quickly so they can make those turns, especially if they're coming off at a higher speed.


Edit: I looked up the coordinates and it looks like the people that would want to make a left on this street should stay left at the fork before this merge we see in this post. So the PT Cruiser fucked up and came down the street instead of staying to the left and turning right.

Image for reference. https://imgur.com/a/TAMq1
> All I ask from Google is that if you can't get iMessage/iPhones to play nice, then just fight fire with fire and create an iMessage equivalent for Android users.

Allo kinda works like that for Android users. As long as the recipients are on a recent version of Android, they can receive Allo messages via a Google Play Services feature. 
I wonder if they're planning on doing some gesture type thing on the bottom of the screen and that's why this is going away. I guess we'll see soon when they start doing P betas.

But with the amount of time they've spent working on Chrome Home, I don't see them suddenly removing it. This Duplex thing could end up being a similar paradigm that also works with OS-wide gestures. Fingers crossed.
I think part of it is movie ticket prices going up so much that people are only willing to go out for movies that they have a familiarity with. 

Allo is their IM service and Messages is for SMS/RCS. The benefit of Allo is getting the enhanced messaging features in places where you can't get enhanced texting.
P1xel or just OG Pixel
Stane was *selling* missiles to them. Stane hired them to kill Tony. 

The 10 Rings decided to try to use Tony to get free missiles/the knowledge to develop their own.
If this had been a Spider-Man movie with Venom as the villain, I'd agree but they're centering this one around Venom. It's like having a Hulk movie that only shows Bruce Banner in the trailer.
No they haven't. They name dropped Cap in the latest Jessica Jones trailer.
>XLv1

I like calling the first gen Pixel XL the P1XL




Fuck it just make it teal
I think it'll be vague for this movie kinda like the Netflix shows but if the movie gets good reception they'll connect the next one to the MCU with Feige more involved.
It's possible that Hawkeye's role in the movie is a surprise. Maybe he appears near the end, coming out of retirement to save everyone. Seeing him in the trailer would ruin something like that.

I can see him having a small role in this movie and then a large role in Avengers 4 as the guy that has to fix everything (with the help of time magic).
How fitting since his eyes were fucked up in Doctor Strange anyways.
Yeah I liked that aspect but didn't like the complicated backstory they decided to give Marcy and the whole kidnapping plot at the end.
I wasn't a fan of the final arc of season 2, found it to be kind of weird but I really love the show and can't wait to see what they do next season.
I can see him being in both AM&tW and IW and then a large role in Avengers 4.

What I'm thinking will happen is that he will be retired for most of IW, but once our heroes get fucked by Thanos, he will come out of retirement and do some timey wimey dimensional shit (maybe with the help of Strange) to give the heroes another chance in Avengers 4. His appearance in AM&tW would be at the end where he recruits them for this mission.

That would explain his badass new look, why he doesn't seem to be upset about being "sidelined" and why they've been so quiet about him being in the movie. If he was in the trailer, the knowledge of him being available would be in the back of our heads the whole time. 
Last door on the left
More like they don't want to waste a good release date on a movie that they don't have faith in. 

Â¯\\\_(ãƒ„)\_/Â¯

I obviously don't work for Fox so I don't have any insight on this but that release date is weirdly sandwiched between 2 major movies. Why not move it, especially with so little promotion done so far and no major merchandise deals at risk?
Just something I saw when I googled Deadpool director. Shitty source yeah, but it's one of the top results when you search for the movie so there is negative buzz there.

https://www.express.co.uk/entertainment/films/859541/Deadpool-2-director-Tim-Miller-Terminator-6-Ryan-Reynolds-Arnold-Schwarzenegger
Everything after the first 10 minutes. The opening montage was sweet.
When did that come out? Reynolds was playing Deadpool back in 2009ish so this could've just been a reference to that.
Is it possible that they don't have faith in this one? Tim Miller dropped off the project due to creative differences and seems to be bad mouthing it now - I wonder if there's truth to what he says. And we know that Disney doesn't seem to have faith in Solo, so maybe both these movies are being set up to fail. And the release dates can be blamed instead of all the other factors.
Have him in the mask the whole time with another actor doing the voice and never reveal who's under the mask.
As someone with kids that are easily impressed

>fuck yeah stickers
What will be ruined by Winds at this point? Winds coming out would just catch the books up with the show. People might bitch about the show changing things for the worst, but nothing new would be revealed.
I've used it with the 6P, OG Pixel and the Pixel 2 XL. 2 years or so ago it used to not connect pretty frequently but recently it's been pretty good but every once in a while it'll refuse to connect.

I usually use Google Maps for directions but sometimes run Waze for the police notifications and speed limits. Seems to work fine for that.
Ah cool, that's good to know. Been running into that once in a while.
Anything cool? 
Games on the Switch are $60, games on a tablet are free or a couple of bucks at most. Microtransactions require a password or fingerprint these days so that's no longer an issue.
Squeeze doesn't work when the navigation bar is hidden. If you swipe notifications down or swipe the navigation bar up, you can squeeze. You can also squeeze when the screen is off and it'll work fine.
Squeeze doesn't work when the navigation bar is hidden. If you swipe notifications down or swipe the navigation bar up, you can squeeze. You can also squeeze when the screen is off and it'll work fine.
They could easily say that Strange and Stark know each other from past rich people events and despise each other. Could lead to some interesting situations.
Sweet, thanks!
Links for the final results?
Maybe the reason other aliens didn't fuck with Earth is because it was under Asgard's protection. But now that Odin is gone, it's for the taking.
https://www.reddit.com/r/marvelstudios/comments/7gmw4w/theory_about_hulkbanner_after_watching_the_iw/

Man people are gonna get so used to the teal that when she eventually gets her proper colors it'll look weird ðŸ˜‚
Yeah I don't understand why all the reviewers latched on to that. I'd say the biggest annoyance I have with them is that the touchpad is too sensitive. It gets tapped multiple times as I'm putting the buds on/off and then it'll randomly tap when they're hanging around my neck.
The app(s) does more than just displaying your notification history. The one I have gives you a map of where each song was heard and lets me go straight to Google Play Music.

Only slightly related side tangent, I hate this mentality that all apps need to be free or 99 cent. No one bats an eye at a $5 cup of coffee at Starbucks but a $4.99 app that you would use daily is ridiculous? Come one. Apps would be a lot higher quality if people were willing to cough up the money to make them worth developing. 
I feel like Ronan would have aligned himself with the heroes if that's what it took to stop Thanos. That would have been cool to see.

IIRC, he's somewhat of an anti-hero in the comics.
Make sure the battery is below 50% when you do this. You don't want to overcook it!
That is if the nights watch survives the riot. They're outnumbered by the wildlings iirc. 

If they do, they could just throw the body into the ice cells and deal with it later.
>Not get out on a technicality.

But the Night's Watch kicked him out. "Now your watch has ended." So it isn't even necessarily up to him, he's out of the Watch. I don't think they're going to accept him back when he wakes up. There might not even be a Night's Watch left at that point. The fact that he was forcibly removed by his brothers will probably be something that sticks with him.
Well we are getting a Miles *film* this year, it just isn't a live action film. Looks fucking awesome though.

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ii3n7hYQOl4
Stark: Hey, buddy. I didn't expect to see you here.

Rhodes: Look, it's me, I'm here. Deal with it. Let's move on.

Stark: I just...

Rhodes: -Drop it.

Stark: -All right, I'll drop it.


In-universe it worked because Rhodes was speaking out against Tony in a way.
There is the wooden nightfort door that moves and talks though
They're working on transparent screen tech, at least for the top of the screen so I'm guessing we'll see that. Doubt they would get rid of the ffc with face-unlock gaining popularity. 
I'm not saying that Apple didn't copy WebOS, I'm just glad they did because I liked WebOS's implementation and clearly no one else has been interested in doing anything like it. Now that Apple has, maybe others will follow.
Ever since they brought Duarte on I've been hoping for WebOS style gestures. I'm glad Apple finally did it, so that Google will finally add them. I can't see them completely ditching the nav bar so we'll probably get an option to switch between the two. Best of both worlds.
I think a lot of people feel that they can't see anyone else as Wolverine but as soon as we get a MCU Wolverine in a movie most people will be on board. Just like at one point folks were going \#notmyspiderman until Homecoming came out.

I'd love to see Hugh Jackman in another role in the MCU movies though. I think he would work well with the existing cast.
Yeah, I think what this article means is that he's continuing as normal, with contingency plans for the Fox characters. He's not planning future movies with the mindset of this being a for-sure deal that will happen.
Did the camera actually shake? Maybe I'm misremembering but I feel like someone added this when they made the gif.
Thor
I kinda like the idea of her being like Scott, taking down "the man" but the big difference is she kills "the man". Kinda like the Punisher but with corporations. And just like Scott she has access to weird tech. Hers allows her to phase through walls and shit.
Obviously not. What do you think there's a delay built in every Google app? When user taps, wait 3 seconds before performing an action.. If they were adjusting processor speed, this shit would've been caught by people running benchmarks already.

If you had just rebooted your phone during this time without updating, you would have probably seen the same results.
He's saying that this is set after Civil War, not after Infinity War.

It's set after CW but before IW.
Not really, Iron Man (2008) took place 6 months before Iron Man 2 (2010). And IM2 took place during the same week as Thor (2011) and The Incredible Hulk (2008). And then Iron Man 3 (2013) came out in May but took place during Christmas 2013. 

Homecoming also fucked things up with the "8 years later" title card so I'm not 100% sure of the timeline post Avengers. But if Avengers took place when it came out (2012) then 8 years later would put Homecoming in 2020 which doesn't seem like it's the case.
Right now it might seem like that, but I think we'll realize it after we see the Guardians in IW. In GotG2 they had just been a team for a couple of months but when IW comes out, they will have been together for 3 years or so, so we might see a different dynamic between them. Also Groot's age.
They even said as much when they purchased Motorola. It was always about the patents. We just got a generation and a half of phones to go with it before they got sold again.
Both the cinematic versions of Wonder Woman and Black Panther already had a following before their solo movies came out. WW was praised as one the good things about BvS and Black Panther already has fans from his appearance in Civil War. So I feel like both these examples can't directly be compared to other first solo films.
I liked that they brought up Scott being part of Civil War. I was wondering how they would handle that and it seems like it will be a big part of the movie which is cool.

Yeah, we do that for my grandparents at the airport. They can walk around but travelling gets exhausting at their age so it's easier for them in a wheelchair.
Are you using another app or launcher that automatically switches your wallpaper? Even if you're not actively using it, it could be doing so in the background.
[the only thing I can see](https://i.imgur.com/BWClaIs.jpg)
Were they really advertising it much before the Disney announcement? All we really had is that Bob Ross trailer and some official pictures released. I think they're waiting until after the Black Panther excitement dies down to crank up marketing for this.

You could say the same thing regarding lack of marketing for Infinity War and Solo.
Actually I think that's intentional, because when you go into Gboard settings the navigation bar turns white. It goes black when the keyboard is up because a white navigation bar under the keyboard doesn't look that great.
I think he knows her from when the Kree first came to the Lighthouse.
It's all offline though until you transfer the photos over. So I think they're past the data collecting for this product, it's more just showing off what their AI can do.
If that was the case they should've hinted at it, even if it was after the battle. They could've said something about the Manderlys allowing the Vale Lords through White Harbor secretly so they could show up at the battle.

I wish we had gotten a proper northern conspiracy. Where they were secretly supporting him. Instead they didn't come to his side until he won the battle.
True but the Vale army travelled through enemy territory. The Starks were in the Westerlands when Tywin turned around and Stannis went by sea and marched across an essentially abandoned north. Stannis getting there so fast was a little farfetched but I feel like the Vale knights is a little more as they had to go right past Moat Cailin and the whole reason to have Moat Cailin is to control the neck.
On the same note, the Knights of the Vale showing up to the Battle of the Bastards shouldn't have been a surprise to either party. The battle was fucking dope and the scene of them showing up was amazing but what's the point of the Boltons holding Moat Cailin but having the Vale Knights show up undetected anyways? 

Look at past seasons, the entire Red Wedding stemmed from an alliance that was formed because of the logistics of an army crossing a river. It's disappointing that things like this are just glossed over now. It's not the focus, but it should be background for why characters are making decisions.  

Now the average person probably doesn't give a shit about logistics and shit, but they clearly addressed it in earlier seasons, so why drop it now? If it was up to HBO, the show would go on indefinitely. The answer seems to be because the showrunners just want to wrap this up sooner than later, and I don't blame them as they signed on to adapt a series, not finish an epic saga on their own. The whole situation just sucks. For the last couple of seasons, I feel like we're not getting the best version of what we could have gotten.

I concur. I've only dealt with them once when I didn't get my Home Mini promo code and they were super responsive and got my stuff resolved within a couple of days. The rep even emailed me everyday with an update. 
Yeah that changed really fucked with being able to see what's been popular on subs over the years. Everything in top posts is relatively recent.
Not yet, I'm assuming they meet in IW though.
Just realized that sorcerers could use their powers to find every missing person ever. I hope there's no missing children in the MCU.

And Bucky! Sam and Steve spent like 2 years trying to find Bucky, if only they had met Dr. Strange earlier.
Not as easy on Android because people can switch their SMS apps and carriers/manufacturers like to have their own. We have Allo, but they can't mandate everyone use it like Apple can. Folks here say that if they just added SMS to Allo it would help adoption, but 1) Google is targeting both iOS and Android users, and they can't add SMS on the iOS app and 2) even if Allo got SMS, for the reason above, they can't mandate that both parties use Allo. So one user had SMS and Allo messages in the same app while the other user has them in two separate apps. That's not a good user experience.

 The solution is to just stop the reliance on SMS and move on to better protocols.
No, she's human
Yeah that makes sense considering they're the ones not around during the events of Avengers 3. I also think Future Nick Fury would be cool as the one picking her up. Parallels to CA:TFA and it's someone familiar to her.
My theory is that she sacrifices herself at the end of the movie, and all the characters think she died, but they have Doctor Strange show up and pluck her out of the timeline at the last second. We need your help type of thing.
Couldn't get into it after the first couple of episodes but tbh if it was on Netflix (in the US), I'd probably have stuck with it.
Google does, not sure about FB
Facebook's are pretty dumb but I've found Allo's suggestions pretty useful. They're based off of how you usually type so I use them fairly often. Hopefully Messages works the same way.
She's also the girl that played Jessica in Jessica Jones.
Yeah, I was doing a reread and tried doing a rewatch of the show alongside it. Couldn't track of what happened where and I had to stop.
I wonder if Lola is still around during the events of season 5...imagine them fighting for their lives on the surface and a rusty old Lola swoops in to save them.
Unnotification - allows you to have a Quick Setting tile that lets you undismiss notifications you accidentally swipe away (I know this was on /r/android a couple of days ago, but before that it was less mainstream)

SeriesGuide - lets me keep track of the schedules of TV shows I watch and which episodes I've seen. Really useful if you're like me and take forever to watch a show.

Nine - good alternative to Outlook. Worth the price tag (10 bucks) mainly because it allows me to set the elevated security my company demands on the app level instead of system-wide. When using Outlook or Gmail for Office365 there's all these ridiculous password requirements and it disables features like Smart Lock. This app allows you to have that security on the app level so it just requires a passcode when I open the app.

Now Playing History - there's a handful of apps like this but they all basically keep a history of the Pixel's "Now Playing" feature so you can go back and see what songs were playing over the course of the day. This one in particular also lets me see a map of where I heard each song.
Also, how would Tyrek even end up anywhere near Skagos or White Harbor?
And get this man some gold
Yeah, I think a fix went out last week
Do you have any accessibility services enabled? Enabling just one for an app will trigger other accessibility "features" that sound similar to this.
Evacuate the subreddit
Eh maybe Luckey just doesn't want to do it. 
Come on man, like you wouldn't get a nose job if you were planning on conquering the universe.
I think a Law and Order type series that takes place in the world of Bright could be cool. I hope Netflix is planning on doing something like that.
Didn't you get the memo? Continuity is king. Homecoming is no longer part of the MCU because of the "8 years later" tag. Iron Man 3 is out because the newspaper had the wrong date. Feige don't fuck around.

Edit: /s obviously
Ymmv but it's gotten pretty perfect for me over the years
Almost every plot line at the end of Dance was still building up to a conclusion. Dany just flew away on Drogon, Cersei just finished her walk of shame, Jaime just ran away, etc. It's gotta be the worst place for the books to "end" and the show to have to come up with new material. They got to adapt all the build up but now have to do the conclusion themselves.
I don't their goal is making tons of money off this, but instead just making their products more fully featured. Having audiobooks gives people more reasons to use Google Play.
Lola is the key
Fyi, even if you hide the nav bar, Active Edge will still work when the screen is off.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/7r97do/there_needs_to_be_an_undo_button_for_when_you/dsvy02z/

This app does exactly that. I have a quick settings tile for it and it works pretty well.

The updating apps scenario sucks, it would be nice if they could restore notifications after an app restarts. Now that snoozing exists, I feel like some of that magic can be utilized to make notifications come back.
I find that being able to control my music from the watch is also useful when working out. Also like Smart Lock keeping my phone unlocked when it's connected.
Especially considering that 1.0 of Android would not be considered "finished" in 2018. Back in 2007/2008 it was great but nowadays, you'd need an Android 5.0+ level of polish for a public release.
Characters too but there are big differences. Same names though.
Not to mention that it would be invisible to the person it's happening to. In the show they draw the air lines but in real life all airbending would be invisible.
Your comment made me realize that 2020 is only two years away. Damn.
At this point you can't just publically release a new OS when Android, iOS, Windows, etc. are so polished. I think Fuschia is a long-term project and will only appear to consumers when it's fully featured and up to modern standards. Which will be years from now. 
I hated 2.0 because it made my watch stuttery but I saw an article that said to disable "OK Google" detection would fix it (and it's not like "OK Google" really worked well on the watch anyways) and that completely fixed my issues. It now runs perfectly.
It bothered me that in Punisher we didn't get any cool tech. It was pretty grounded, even though I feel like the MCU Marines would get sweet tesseract tech to play with.
Beginning of Iron Man 2, something along the lines of "most countries" are ten years away and "Hammer Tech" is 20 from an Iron Man type suit.
From Disney's perspective Star Wars will make money regardless of when it's released so they want to use the December slot from the musical type movies that would do better then rather than in the summer.
That kinda annoys me because they refuse to put in any Easter eggs for the Netflix or ABC shows but have references like this. Most AoS would be happy with a small Easter egg like this in the movies.
Just look at the S6. It's not getting updates as fast as the S7 or S8 and performance has taken a hit over the years. The Pixel will most likely continue running well after 3 years.
I'd recommend the Pixel 2 if you're planning on keeping it for a while. It will definitely have a longer lifespan than the S9.
I started with GPM because of the ability to upload your own stuff but now I stick with it because of the included Youtube Red (mainly background play and no ads). I had switched to Spotify for a while and tried Apple Music for a month but GPM just gives the most bang for the buck. 
Or Thanos doesn't even bother with Tony after both of them are down, and just steps over him and does his thing. I feel like that would freak them out good.
I don't think anyone will die. Instead the sad moment will be a character being left in the future.

I think it will be Fitz because he came to the future the long way. And then Simmons decides to stay in the future to be with him. The two of them end up leading the new generation of humanity. Sad but bittersweet. Perfect send-off for them.
Maybe he has already signed off on Strange seeing his records. The guy mentioned that he tried to see Strange but Strange didn't take him on as a patient. During that process Strange would have had to see his medical records.
I'd say that the first ten are all character building and the reason why the WS-arc worked so well. The betrayal wouldn't have worked well if we hadn't gotten to known the character first.

It's the storyline that kicked into high gear half-way through the first season. The beginning was just character development.
His serum could have also kept him young
Stars Wars crowd will come regardless of the month, they want to use the December release dates for their more family-friendly stuff (like the remakes they've been doing) which would make more in December than the summer.
He aged 8 years because of the damn text in Homecoming. Fucked all the MCU actors over.
2019 

We don't have many details yet but if they really want to compete with Netflix it'll have to be world-wide.
I can see Disney's streaming service picking it up if abc drops it. If not AoS directly, maybe a spin-off show featuring most of the cast of AoS. Like a Secret Warriors show or something.

That'll give actors that want to move on the opportunity to do so.
I think Disney's streaming service is more likely if it comes to that.
I have a feeling Fitzsimmons will marry and stay together but decide to stay in the future when everyone goes back. Reason being, Fitz is unable to go back because he didn't arrive through he monolith. So Simmons decides to stay with him and lead the next generation of humanity. Bittersweet, but a good send off for the characters.
Zachary Quinto for Namor. I feel like he should have an older look.
The kids from Runaways too
Actually weren't there rumors that he won't even be in Shazam and will have his own movie instead?
LMD Bill Weasley 
Yeah that looks pretty nice. Just like how it is in the official app. [https://i.imgur.com/ajvz9Eh.png](https://i.imgur.com/ajvz9Eh.png)
Screenshot of what it looks like in Boost?
That's a good sign, sounds like both parties are interested. I wouldn't be surprised to see him cast for a major role in the near future.
Captain Marvel maybe? I don't know but that sounds like one she would fit for.
>In short DC hired someone suited for Elseworlds as the EiC for a minimum of 5 yeas.

Hell, they've got a great cast and the general public gets the gist of the characters, with their lack of success in a Marvel-style franchise, why not just do Elseworld stories with the existing cast? It would be a great way to differentiate themselves and they could tell cool stories that would never be told on the big screen with MCU-style universes.
I get the impression that Superman was intended to be the first superhero in the Man of Steel world. But by the time it came out, Avengers had been released and WB got a crossover-movie boner. So Snyder had to go from taking it slow and building up a Superman-centric cinematic universe to jumping straight into an established universe with an existing Batman and Wonder Woman. 

If the BvS that we got was even on their minds during the development of MoS, they would've teased us with way more than a Wayne satellite. 
â”¬â”€â”¬ï»¿ ï¸µ /(.â–¡. \ï¼‰
Ah makes sense. The context of it being right before Gawen is killed makes the scenario feel more like Cressen saying anything to save Gawen than an actually strategy they were planning on going with. Because Cressen doesn't seem like someone that would be comfortable with actually going through with that. 

Still is an insight to Stannis's character since he agreed with that reasoning.
Wait this passage says Gawen was alive and strapped down to be flung and the other passage says he died in a cell. 

Did Cressen advise Stannis not to do this at the last second right before they flung him or am I misreading this?
I think she'd be a good candidate for a Skrull when they do that arc eventually. 

Making all the underutilized characters Skrulls would actually be a good way to make them interesting. The real versions would have to come back and deal with the fact that they were portrayed by a fake for years.

Other potential Skrulls I would like include Rhodey and Sharon Carter. The Skrulls' mission would be to stay in character until the time is right, so we could have characters that do heroic things secretly be Skrulls for some time.
Yeah, hold down the notification and tap all settings. Then change the notification settings for Screenshots. You might not be able to turn it off completely but you can set them to low priority so they don't show up on the lock screen.
Heh, put like that it reminds me of Batman in the Justice League movie.
I'd recommend checking out some of the 3rd party Android apps. I use the official app now because I've got this weird habit of sticking with 1st party apps when available but I've used the 3rd party Reddit apps in the past and they're fantastic. I recommend Sync for Reddit.
Eh I don't know, OP has also posted a bunch of other stuff. Looks more like someone was really hyped up for this movie.
Also Castle Black is The Wall for some reason but Eastwatch is still Eastwatch.
I think they'll be able to go back to the past eventually. And that's what allows them to change the future. During the previous time travel episode they didn't have the ability to travel through time so they couldn't change the future.
Hmm, weird. Maybe it doesn't support live wallpapers as the background for duo. It's weird because they still work fine with the regular phone dialer app. Unfortunately I'm not able to test a duo audio call on my side because it's getting late and I don't want to disturb anyone.

Try rebooting your phone and seeing if that fixes it.
That pink wallpaper is the default wallpaper that comes up if your actual wallpaper glitches out or live wallpaper app crashes.

In this case, maybe it's because your battery is critically low so it's not using the live wallpaper and showing the default wallpaper instead? Not sure.
Something like this maybe? 

http://www.instructables.com/id/Add-slim-grip-pads-to-your-slippery-cellphone/

The Peel case is the exact same case as the MNML case
Check Nova settings, make sure you're not hiding the notification bar.
are you using the Pixel launcher or a 3rd part launcher like Nova?
This makes her a good candidate for an undercover Skrull. Directed to stay close to Captain America so that they can easily neutralize or turn him when the time is right.
The current screenshot functionality in Android works fine, it even animates towards the notification tray. But we need the ability to annotate images in Google Photos. Just throw it in with the other editing options.
I could see them bringing in JonCon as a high up in the Golden Company because of his connection to Rhaegar. 
OP might be using immersive mode which disables the squeeze function.
Survey says..........[X]
It's happened a couple of times. Samsung does it a lot, Apple does it with their red phones, I think OnePlus did it too.
Apple also invested in LG because the industry is in need of some competition for mobile OLED screens. This year a Samsung panel wasn't an option for the aspect ratio Google was going for. For the smaller Pixel, they were able to get Samsung panels and they did. So if Samsung is actually an option for them next year, I think it could go either way.
I've had that issue with Android Auto with other phones too. It just doesn't want to work unless I unplug and replug, turn the engine on and off, or sometimes reboot the phone. I don't think it's specific to the Pixel 2 because the Pixel always knows it's connected to the car, it's just Android Auto unit doesn't do anything with it.
Damn dude. Most of us also survived before smart phones. Doesn't mean we don't use smart phones now just because we were able to live without them. I don't need to use the walking directions. But I do because it's convenient.
It's not just mapping malls and airports. It's useful anytime you are in a city or other environment where not every business has its own parking lot. I use walking directions when I'm walking to places I haven't been to downtown. It's also a lifesaver when you're travelling.
I've been a Sync user for over 5 years now but this app looks really interesting. I like the inline comments and media-playing on the main feed (the official app also has this and it's one of the few things I like about it). 

Looks very feature-rich for a 1.0 release, I'll check it out!
When I went to see Star Wars, there was a jackass snoring through the entire thing. People would wake him up but a couple of minutes later he'd be back to snoring. It was ridiculous. 

With the lack of sound being so important, I feel like this movie might be one I see at home. I don't want to risk some asshole ruining the experience.
They're also making significant gains in the European and Indian markets. That and the regional sports networks is what make this deal worth it. They probably would've have gotten the Marvel properties back regardless of who Fox sold to, so I don't think it was as big of a deal for them as folks think.
Do you have a screen protector on?
Nah the quick settings app. That icon just looks like the immersive mode notification that it puts up. 

For your problem, try checking your notification log. Under widgets there should be a Settings Shortcut widget. Add that to your home screen. Then choose Notification Log as the shortcut. Tap on that and it'll have a list of notifications that have been displayed on your device.
I did that yesterday and they told me it would be a couple of weeks before they can do anything but they'll keep me updated. Same situation, I ordered two P2XLs but only got 1 code.
Are you using Tiles immersive mode feature?
And RDJ
> Killing all the Asgardians, plus Heimdall, Korg and Miek

NOONONOOOONOOOOO FUCK THAT. Please don't Fiege. Just kill Loki. It would hurt but he's had a good run. Maybe he can use the Tesseract to teleport the rest of the Asgardians away. :'(

Seriously though, I feel like there's a lot to be explored with Heimdall's character and Thor being the King of the Asgardians. It would suck if they died and it would undermine Thor: Ragnarok.

The Xandarians can die. I have no attachment to them.
No trailers either. Just movies being released as "Marvel Movie" we don't know what it is until we sit down in the theater and it begins.
They allowed you to add a line for a month and then cancel it
Is there a new deal going on? Because I think the original $325 deal has ended.
I think my only issue with it is that the Ragnarok one is pretty bland. Instead of just Thor and Loki I feel like it should include Hulk and Valkarie.
Do you have any accessibility services turned on or something?
He beat you off??
Throw Chris Evans in there too. It could take place during the Howling Commandos montage that was in The First Avengers.

Or have Cap show up at the end and reveal that the events of the movie were actually from when the 107th got captured and Cap saved them.
There really hasn't been a reason to bring up Wolverine, especially if Cap didn't know about his long life-span. Cap also hasn't brought up the other howling commandos.
Well they're doing that animated movie next year with America Chavez so that might mean they're interested in doing something with the character.
Just make sure you don't make the mistake of going with a hispanic maid
The Na'avi were actually just an offshoot of the Kree
Turns out Fury has the Soul Stone because he didn't trust anyone else with it, including the Avengers. Avengers 4 is just everyone in the MCU trying to get the Soul Stone from him. Thanos, Avengers, Guardians, fuck even the Grandmaster.

Fury hires Deadpool to be his bodyguard. Chaos ensues.
I think they will as well but it would be pretty dope seeing a version of the Marvel Studios highjacked by Deadpool
Fuck I thought that Outrider in bottom right corner was Venom at first.
His name being Robin was lame because Robin was his codename, not real name. Calling him John Gray or something and revealing that his real name was Richard could have been a cool easter egg and would have played out better I think.
The studio is still getting their money since ticket prices are going up. It's the theaters that are hurting from less people going out, not the studios. The studios are making more money than ever before.

Eventually this will bite them in the ass when ticket prices can't go any higher, but until profits start going down, they have no reason to change. Once the tide starts turning, they'll probably make some changes to keep raking in their money and ultimately the theaters will be the ones that are screwed.
The studios have almost all the negotiating power though. People decide on a movie before they go to the movie theater. So if a theater isn't showing a movie, they'll just go to another theater instead of seeing a different movie.

Unless all the competing chains work together, they can't really negotiate with the studio.
Shitttttt
Doesn't matter what you meant, the point is that the AR Stickers in Snapchat and the ones that Google is working on with ARCore are not the same. Same concept, but one's implementation is much more advanced. That's all I'm saying, I don't why you're getting so salty.
And I'm saying that don't use the Snapchat stickers and assume that this is the same thing, which is what your comment implies.
Well yeah it's exclusive to the Pixel 1 and 2. Doesn't mean it's not better than what Snapchat is doing. Apple's AR stuff is exclusive to their latest phones too.
Snapchat doesn't do that, the new Google ones do.
That was before every phone had an aluminum back so the alternative to glass was plastic, which also worked with wireless charging.
These are a lot more impressive. You can walk into different rooms and put characters down and they'll still be there after you walk around. They also interact with each other and respond to your actions. I can see this tech going places.
>I'd take remapping holding home button instead too

You can already do that. They're a handful of apps on the Play Store that let you change this. I don't have any off the top of my head but I know there's one that opens an app drawer when you long press the home button.
Not to mention that another app can take over the squeeze. It just has to be set as an Assistant app. You can change your assist app in Settings > Apps & Notifications > Default Apps > Assist & voice input.

Other assistant apps can declare themselves as such and you can switch to it from there. And then when you squeeze it'll launch that app instead of Google Assistant.

Edit guess I spoke too soon. Other assist apps can't access squeeze I guess
Hopefully that turns into

Fox, under Disney, is planning a Dr. Doom movie with Legion creator. But we'll see Thursday if 20th Century Fox sticks around if everything just goes under Disney.
Could be that Latveria was what it was until the collapse of the Soviet Union after which it became Sokovia. And part of Doom's campaign is restoring Latveria to its former glory.
Still works, there was a lot of self-reflection in that movie and right reflected is left!!!!!
I say make a Howling Commando movies with Hayley Atwell and Chris Evans covering the montage that was in the middle of Captain America 1. They could have Wolverine there.
I don't want him as Wolverine because Logan was a great send-off and I'd like to see a new younger Wolverine. But I'd love to see Jackman in another role in the MCU. I think he'd be great alongside the existing cast.
We never got to see that fully explored though outside of a deleted Avengers scene and a couple of references in Winter Soldier. I wish we got more of him adjusting to his new life. 

But I don't think the F4 are the right group to do that with. There's already a lot that can be explored with them, having them also being fish out of water would be unnecessary. I wouldn't be opposed to having a F4 movie that takes place in the 60s, but then there's a problem of them never being mentioned and we'd never get to see them interacting with present day characters.
I don't think 20th century fox is going anywhere, so they'll continue to make movies under that brand even after the merger. I doubt we'll get anymore new X-Men movies after New Mutants and Dark Phoenix but they're not coming for a while so we can get proper send offs. Deadpool is making enough money to guarantee it won't go anywhere for a while. In fact, future Deadpool movies might start making more MCU references.
That's what I'm saying. If they have and he's still around that means maybe he's telling the truth about his money. If not, and he got it illegally, he should be in jail. The other possibility is that he got it illegally but IRS hasn't been able to nab him, and if that's the case HOW?

It seems like he got all this money after coming to the States unless he was rich before and is lying about all the odd jobs and jeans sales in the US.
Such a publicized story with notable gaps, how the fuck hasn't the IRS jumped down his throat? He doesn't seem like a criminal mastermind. 

So either he's telling the truth or he's a criminal mastermind. Either way, I want to see a movie that covers how he rose up against all odds and got his fortune only for it to end with his life's work being a big joke. 
>edit: none of these people looked like millionaires though, so probably not

Well, Tommy doesn't look like a millionaire either so...
Yes, but now I can have a Stormtrooper photobomb friends' photos while I'm taking the picture. That's fucking awesome.
THQ was working on a first person Avengers game before they shut down. Just search THQ cancelled Avengers game, there's videos of what they had done.
This is totally a first world problem but sometimes it gets frustrating when I open an app for the first time in a couple of days and have to mash the back button for a fresh start because it's still open from the last time I used it.
Seems like the general trend. Get people hooked on to a series of devices and slowly raise the price. People who have good experiences with the previous device will follow the price increase. And then introduce a new decently priced series to hook the next generation of consumers.

Motorola did the same thing the G series. Wouldn't be surprised if the A series slowly get expensive over the years.
Doesn't let you skip intro if you're casting ðŸ˜”
Like others have said, the left drawer isn't available everywhere. But the right drawer is. When you are in individual subreddits, you can use the right drawer to search, but there is no search bar there on the front page or when in multireddits.

It would be nice if the search bar could also be added to the right drawer for those scenarios. And then once you search, there can be results for both subreddits and posts (like in the official app) or there can be a toggle to switch between the two.
Got a blast of deja vu from back when this was a Spider-Man thread a couple of years ago.

https://www.reddit.com/r/marvelstudios/comments/2p8jta/_/
Not so sure about that. An explanation for humanoids around the universe could be that all life stems from the same source. Maybe some ancient celestial like Ego that went around and seeded various planets with the conditions for life.
I like it in apps where you back out of things a lot. Like a file browser. The back button takes you back up the folder structure but once you get to the top if you accidentally push it one too many times, you've suddenly closed out of the app.
To be honest that's not bad criteria to go off of. They're surrounded by advisors and other countless people that know what they're doing, and having someone with good intentions is much better than the most competent bad intentioned people.
What about all the content on Fox? Simpsons, Futurama, etc.
More like 1943 Steve vs 2018 Steve
Probably pacing. Scene looks great out of context but it's possible that within the flow of the movie it may have not worked.
I agree, but it looks like they didn't cast anyone for older versions of Jack-Jack or Dash so it's doubtful. 
Really? What has changed?
Navbar apps doesn't change the icons to black when you set the color to white, so it doesn't look good.
To be fair, that's usually the reaction to every casting of an adaption ever. 
What happens when Google decides to add a second camera anyways? I feel like they eventually will if only for marketing purposes. 
Well yeah, they weren't going to pass this up but the Star Wars distribution rights and X-Men/F4 isn't worth 60 billion. All the Fox IPs like Planet of the Apes, Avatar, Alien, etc. and TV content is what makes this deal worth it.
I think this is mainly for the backlog of content they'll be able to add to their streaming service in 2019. Star Wars and the Marvel content is just a plus.

And it's not like they actively seeked this out. Fox wanted to sell, and Disney was willing to pay up.
>Not only did this NOT work for me, but it borked my phone. I no longer receive notifications for Inbox or Allo, my weather widget stopped appearing on my homescreen widget and my location sharing (despite being turned on) no longer works.


Yeah...don't do that.
They were trying to subdue each other with missiles, parking structures full of cars, a fuel truck, and an air control tower. But to be fair, they thought the fuel truck was a water truck.
There's 2, one is always on display and the other is ambient display. Always on display seems to be working for me, but I haven't tried ambient display.
Nah she's going to be in the New Warriors show on Freeform.
Haven't tried this one, but it looks basically the same
Little known MCU factoid: Dummy actually detected Ultron's presence first, but instead of stopping him, he let Ultron into the system because of how he was treated in the past. But then his uncle Jarvis got murdered by Ultron and now he feels really bad.
Although WW had the advantage of being the first big female led superhero movie, but people weren't making comparisons to BvS because they marketed the tone and style of the movie pretty well.

If they do the same with this movie, I don't think it will be much of a problem. Especially because people seemed to like the character in JL.
Wouldn't be surprised if they're using this to bring characters that they that they plan on introducing in the future to the general audience. So this might be an indication of the future MCU roster (across tv and movies).
> Also, who is going to download Instagram messenger just to talk? It's always going to be associated with Instagram, so it's breaking up an app that doesn't need to be broken up..

There's a handful of comments in this thread describing how there are groups of teenages that primarily use Instagram DMs for communication. So there's definitely a market for this.

Facebook knows how their customers use their products and there is a reason they are trying this out. For folks who don't use instagram DMs, this is nice because now you don't have to install the Direct app but still use Instagram as usual.
I 100% agree, but for some reason there's a handful of friends that straight up start regular conversations in Snapchat messaging.
Weird, I am also 23 and there was some time in college where none of my friends used FB anymore and it was pretty dead. But I've noticed now that we've graduated, people have started using FB way more to keep in touch.
Actually for some reason, I have a couple of group chats in Instagram. I guess people just find it convenient when you're already sharing a lot of pictures/videos that are on instagram. 

Separating the apps allows them to update each one separately and reduces bloat for the people that use Instagram but not the DMs feature. Makes sense to me.

I hope it doesn't get as bloated as Facebook Messenger, but the idea of separating out different things like that makes sense.  
If you can get a good deal on a round watch that doesn't look ugly, it's almost worth it just for the bluetooth trusted devices feature. I never have to use my passcode or fingerprint when I'm wearing my watch. Being able to check notifications on it and pause my music or whatever I'm casting to my TV is an added bonus.
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.rascarlo.quick.settings.tiles

Yup. Some tiles require you to plug your phone into the computer and grant the secure settings permission to the app. But you only have to do that once.
The Tiles app just updated the other day and they added a toggle for this that you can add to your quick settings. That way you can turn this on and off on demand, and only have it on when you want to use it.

I like leaving it on so I can see notifications at a glance, and I just turn my phone upside down when I don't want it on. But this toggle lets me leave my phone face up at night without the display always on.
If you're going to pay a $99 deductible, what's the point? It's only worth it if you break your screen multiple times.
They could keep the trans-dimensional travel but make it so time works differently in other dimensions, so when they come out it's present day. We already have the concept of multiple dimensions in Doctor Strange and Ant-Man and both have mentioned time being different between dimensions. 

Especially since a lot of the MCU is inspired by Ultimate Comics, and this could be a good way to introduce the concept of the Negative Zone.
According to some leaked Lego sets, [](#s "some Dwarves from Nidavellir (one of the 9 realms) bought it and Thor goes there with some of the Guardians to get a new weapon").
**Device information**

    Sync version: 15.1 (beta 1)    
    Sync flavor: dev    
    
    View type: Fixed height cards    
    Player type: ExoPlayer    
    
    Device: taimen    
    Model: Google Pixel 2 XL    
    Android: 9.0.2
Good call keeping the source ðŸ‘
No, that's only the navigation bar that was changed to avoid the burn-in effect. It was changed to white because when it was set to black, the pixels on the bar don't get used. After some time, the screen wears down but the navigation bar doesn't since those pixels aren't being used. So this creates a "burn in" effect where the navigation bar looks different from the rest of the screen. Now that it's white in many situations, the wearing down should be consistent with the rest of the screen.

The white notification drawer is because they want the default to be a blank slate that OEMs can apply their themes on. Nothing to do with burn in because the drawer isn't ever down enough to have a long term effect on the screen. Google has already kinda started doing this when you use a dark wallpaper and the notification drawer becomes dark. I would expect to see more of this next year with Android P.

The app drawer has always been white. It goes dark if you use a dark wallpaper.
I think it's time for a new Wolverine in the MCU, but I think Hugh Jackman could be a great addition to the MCU as someone else.

Anyone have ideas? Kraven?
Sounds like you had a pretty special and intimate relationship with this series and the release of Shyamalan's movie was almost comparable to losing a loved one.
Ehhh the movies deviate so much, they're basically their own thing. I wouldn't consider events in the comics as spoilers for anything.
I say don't spend anytime on the backstories at all, leave it somewhat mysterious. Start with them coming out of wherever they were with fresh powers. We can learn backstory as the movie goes or flashbacks if necessary. 
What if the FF are from the 60s, but are trapped in the negative zone or whatever, and are freed in the present day with their powers?
They'll probably reboot it, but not do a X-Men movie until way down the line. They could just introduce characters like Wolverine and Storm that interact with the Avengers outside of their involvement with the X-Men. Maybe hint at a powerful bald mutant fostering mutant children. And then the new X-Men movie could be a big anticipated cinematic event down the line.
That's gonna be awkward once this deal goes through and they own Planet of the Apes. Caesar wouldn't have stood for this.
And then the courts decide that throttling is fine since the legislation preventing it was overruled. 
"Never go full retard"
Turns out that Korg is actually a monster and his revolution was a genocide or something fucked up like that. If Thanos hadn't interfered, Korg would have shown up on Earth and shown his true colors.
Did you download from this page?

https://developers.google.com/android/ota

This doesn't wipe your phone, so there is no restore required (if you don't believe me it explicitly says that in the first couple of paragraphs on this website) I'd advise you to read up on the differences between factory images and the OTA files.
You probably flashed the entire factory image, not the OTA. Notice that there are two sites. One with the entire factory images which you have to be unlocked to install. And another with just the OTAs, which anyone can flash without being unlocked.

Edit: https://developers.google.com/android/ota

>This has the same effect of flashing the corresponding factory images, but without the need of wiping the device
You are mistaken. I'll wait for someone else to come in and clarify though because I've already explained it twice. There's nothing to restore when you flash the OTA file.
No you don't. Flash the OTA. It's exactly the same OTA that your phone will eventually download and install. No reset required.
You can download the OTA, which is the same package the phone would download and install. You don't have to be unlocked to do this.

I'm to lazy myself to download, plug my phone in and flash the OTA, but just saying it's an option if you want it now and don't want to wipe your phone.
The opening sequence was sweet and I liked lumberjack Hugh Jackman. Seeing Wolverine happy for a little bit was nice.
[This theory, I like it.](https://i.imgur.com/n7Z1jXn.gif)
I agree

But you don't  have to reach all the way for the menu button. You can just swipe from the left edge and tap Portrait.
There were the early Ragnarok trailers that had orange coloring when Hela used her powers which was removed in the final movie. You might be onto something. I still like the idea of Heimdall getting his power from the soul stone, but this could work with that in that, both Hela and Heimdall may have been granted their powers by Odin.

Also this would be a fantastic twist where the heroes expect one last chance to stop Thanos by not letting him get the Soul Stone, only for him to be handed the Soul Stone by Hela.
Maybe they'll do that in IW.

Rocket: I can get you your eye back but it's gonna cost you and I'm gonna need that guy's arm.
I think I'm thinking of descriptions of their army from Sam's acok chapters. I'll have to reread those.
Depending on how this deal goes down, if Disney acquires 20th Century Fox, they could use that talent to make X-Men movies that are set in the MCU, with Feige overseeing everything. Like with Sony and Spider-Man, but more synergy because they're under the same roof this time.

If they just acquire the assets, then I can't Marvel Studios adding more movies to their slates. And a lot of people that work for 20th Century Fox would be screwed. So I hope they're buying the whole company. But then that opens up a bunch of regulatory stuff so idk.
>uh /u/navjot94 will never wake up with 100 million dollars in his bank account

ðŸ¤ž
I might be wrong but I seem to remember wights in the books eventually decomposing and collapsing. So it seems that once the muscles decompose enough, the wights might become unusable. That's what happened with the hand that Alister Thorne took to KL. Which explains why the Others don't move much until the cold starts to spread south.

I might be completely wrong and be misremembering though so hopefully someone can correct me. 
Google Photos doesn't use the standard share menu. That's what we're seeing in your video. The standard share menu is slowed down by the direct share apps.
Yeah because of that, I wouldn't recommend using it all the time. It is useful when you're watching media that is dark and you don't want to crank the brightness up.
I'm thinking that it will also feel like a semi-relaunch so that new viewers can jump on without watching all the previous movies.
Doesn't help that much though because notifications are still white.
I expected to see something like that years ago when Matias Duarte first joined the Android team. He's the one that designed WebOS so I thought we'd see something similar come to Android.

But now that Apple has adopted gestures, I wouldn't be surprised to see them be a headlining feature of Android P.
The funny thing about TIH is that it was considered a for sure success compared to the risky Iron Man. Universal held distribution rights for Hulk but they still made the movie knowing it was less profitable just so they'd make money if Iron Man flopped.
Some of that came with the 8.0 November security update.
You could even justify Black Widow by leaving her stranded in space with the others after the events of IW.
If Thanos doesn't, I think whoever has it will use it against him in their attempt to stop him. Either way, I think we'll see both the soul and reality stones used properly, either by Thanos or someone else. For the other 4 I think we already have a good idea of their powers.
I think the key is allowing these creative directors to do their thing while still making sure it fits your vision. With DC, their movies seem like a clash of WB's vision and Snyder's vision. I really think if they would just give Snyder free-reign, the movies would be better. But they'd also probably not work with the other plans they have for the DCEU and other restrictions that WB has.

I think Marvel Studios has been striking a good balance (lately) between allowing the directors to do their own thing but also making sure the directors listen and fit their movies within the greater vision.
I actually agree. It's fun to watch on the first viewing but it's basically a fight for the sake of fighting. 

Things just escalated so fast from Tony trying to talk Cap down to explosions and building being knocked down. And there wasn't really a good reason for Spider-Man being involved other than his webs being used to subdue Cap's team. I'm sure that the genius Tony Stark could have thought of alternative ideas for this rather than flying back and forth from Europe to NYC on a 36 hour deadline.

Not to mention that after Steve and Sam thought they figured out Zemo's plan, they dismissed the idea of explaining this to Tony so quickly. Most of this movie just seems to happen so that the heroes would fight without good reason. Something like Tony finding out that Winter Soldier killed his parents earlier in the movie, may have actually helped justify his irrational decisions better. 

I know this is all nitpicky, but it is the type of stuff I think of when rewatching a movie that I've seen multiple times. Loved it when it was in it's theatrical run, but ever since I've had quick access to it on Netflix and have rewatched it many times, I've become more critical. 
To be fair, the Russo brothers directed the action-heavy episodes of Community where they had to deal with a large cast of characters. That's almost more qualified that than your typical action movie director that usually just has one protagonist. 

This was actually a smart move by Disney because when you bring in the big name movie directors, they usually have their own ideas and processes. Instead, Disney brings in relatively inexperienced directors that have shown that they are talented and integrate these directors into the Marvel Studios/Disney process. The hundreds of people working on production have the experience to make up for wherever the director's are lacking and they're able to avoid the clashing of egos that comes with bringing on established people.
Even after watching Thor 2 I don't think we truly know what the Aether can do. I'm sure that Thanos will use the reality stone far more effectively than the Dark Elves did.
>The only issue you might have is that immersive mode disables the squeeze for Assistant feature

When the screen is on. When the screen is off, it works fine.
Its a simple pros/cons balance.

In my case, this device checks every box. My only issue is that I can't watch dark scenes in tv shows or movies when I am in a dark room because of the black crush. Since I don't really consume that kind of content on my phone (that's what the tv and tablet are for) it's not that big of an issue for me. 

Of course I wish the screen was better. But since the flaws of the screen aren't something that are an issue for 99% of my usage and the device is perfect in every other way, I can live with it.
I think the thought is that maybe in Avengers 3 or 4, something bad happens but Doctor Strange uses the time stone to reverse time and give the Avengers a second chance. Maybe the future where Earth is destroyed is the timeline where Doctor Strange didn't use the time stone to reverse time and all the Avengers died. And then stuff happened which ended with the Earth being destroyed by Daisy.

So it would be a connection to the movies that the movies never have to acknowledge because from their point of view, time was reversed and they saved the day. This is just the timeline that they left behind.
I'm more interested in this Batman's past than any present day storylines for him. Maybe rebooting with a younger actor to tell those stories is the answer.
If Marvel buys Fox, those movies will likely be finished and released because they're all currently in production (I'm talking about Deadpool 2, Dark Phoenix, and New Mutants). So in the short term, just expect the Fantastic 4 to be integrated into the MCU.
Eh, I got my Nexus 7 cheaper than any of the iPads and it works just fine for watching Netflix in bed and controlling the Chromecast in my living room.
Are you talking about the cut in the gif or the show? Because in the show this scene went on for way longer.
Nah the D23 trailer had them fighting alongside the Avengers so they're going to have more of a presence than this trailer implies. They're probably saving them for future trailers.
Directed by Taika Waititi?
That spoilery bit you posted is just fan theories.
I think that would be really cool. Maybe in IW something like this happens or will eventually happen but Doctor Strange uses the time stone which creates a new timeline. But AoS is covering the future of the original timeline.
I think in the long run it will be great, it was just kinda jarring because it was not what I was expecting. But once we're able to see the bigger picture, I have no doubt that I'll love it.
That explains why Peter was at Stark Expo all those years ago
He was probably working on it, but then reshoots happened and a lot of the score would have to be redone to match the new scenes and he probably didn't have time to do all the extra work involved.
I was referring to people saying that some scenes with Tony are taking place on Xandar. I don't see a sequence of events where Tony fights on Xandar because it seems like Thanos has the power stone before Tony gets involved

So either the trailer is editing to show different infinity stones or the assumption that Tony is on Xandar is wrong.
Weren't there D23 scenes with Starlord and Doctor Strange working together? Seems like the Avengers on Earth will team up with them for a big sequence in the movie.
Yeah that's probably true. Because the sequence of events in the trailer kinda doesn't make sense.

It's generally accepted that Thanos will get the Tesseract near the beginning of the movie, since that's how Ragnarok ended. And Hulk being sent to Earth seems to set up the events of the movie. 

There are also scenes in the trailer that seem to take place on Xandar. However, when Thanos adds the space stone to the gauntlet, the power stone is already there. How is there a battle on Xandar in this movie even though Thanos seems to have the power stone already in the beginning of the movie? 

There's got to be some sneaky trailer editing going on, or people's interpretations of events in the trailer are off. Maybe he doesn't get the Tesseract at the beginning - Loki escapes, maybe it's the Black Order that approaches the Asgardian ship, etc. Maybe stone he already has is the reality stone instead of the power stone.
But the Grandmaster wasn't in Volume 2.
I know that the whole thing about the Night's Watch is dismissing your previous allegiances and rank but I feel like if freaking Ned Stark was sent to the Wall, he would automatically be second in command to Jeor. Or sent for the highest position that is open at another castle. 

Now, I know this is a BS answer not in the spirit of the question, but I just can't see Ned in similar situations to Jon beyond the Wall. Now let's say Ned missed the Great Ranging and is given command after Jeor dies (maybe in this scenario, Jon survives long enough to warn Castle Black about the Wildings) and the same situation plays out with Stannis coming in (although would Ned being in charge at the Wall change Stannis's response?). I want to say if Ned had to make the decision to allow Wildlings south he would make the same choice as Jon, but if hadn't seen the Others first hand, I think he would have decided the opposite and not let them down south out of his sense of duty to the Night's Watch (who seem to have a us vs the Wildlings attitude for the most part).
Cassie goes on to become a superhero herself so I hope they use her down the line.
It's always changing were to we're for me
If this happens I wonder if they'd scrap the X-Men films and reboot them in the MCU or if they'd keep them separate. Multiple films are in production and I'm assuming that 20th Century Fox will continue making movies under Disney so I don't see them all getting scrapped. I can see Disney keeping the X-Men franchise going for the short-term until the movies in production are out and then rebooting or doing a multiverse story in the future where the current slate of characters crossover with the MCU, but I don't see any X-Men/MCU crossovers anytime soon.

Fantastic Four will totally be in the MCU as soon as this deal goes through though.
I think it would be hilarious if this is the same for MCU Drax but he just never mentioned to Peter that he is also originally from Earth. When the Guardians come to Earth, Drax understands references or something and Peter tries calling him out on it only for Drax to reveal that he is from Earth.
If they end up killing off their big characters in the upcoming movies, the first true test will be when the new cast takes their place. But that's years away and the newcomers are starting to fan favorites on their own (Doctor Strange, Ant-Man, Black Panther).
Are there any other first time solo movies that have made that much?
Don't worry, didn't interpret your comment as condescending at all. I'm not fully invested in this, I just think it could be a possibility because it is a comic book arc for the character. And I mostly wanted to put down my flag on the off chance it ends up being the direction they go in.
That's definitely true and pretty likely but it's just that they specifically mentioned a 3 movie arc, and what you are describing just feels run of the mill for Hulk not something that would warrant the title of 3 movie arc.
Or maybe Doctor Strange? Hulk does seem to crash land into the Sanctum Sanctorum. 

I doubt it, it's probably 2 different scenes but still in Ragnarok they made it clear that it was possible that he would never be able to turn back into Banner and Feige did say that Ragnarok was the beginning of a 3 movie arc for the character (T:R, A:IW, and A4). So it would be weird if they just want back on the whole idea of him being in Hulk mode.
That's because it was 8 years ago
First season wasn't even shit, it just felt like a generic procedural show until you realize that everything was actually connected.
I know we don't have a confirmation beyond season 5, but it had seemed like SHIELD was going to get cancelled but Disney allegedly stepped in to keep it going. With talks of them starting a streaming service in 2019, I wonder if they have long term plans for the show on that service. I know the core cast has been around since season 1 but AoS is totally the type of show that can have a rotating cast and go on forever.

ðŸ¤žAssuming the quality stays high
I've been burned too many times, I now just put certain shows into a multireddit and unsubscribe from the subreddits so I don't get spoilers on the front page.
They hadn't fully committed infinity stones during the production of Thor. The Tesseract could have just simply be a cosmic cube, it wasn't specifically the power stone until the Dark World when the infinity stones was introduced. (Although they probably fully committed to the idea when they introduced Thanos at the end of Avengers)
Both Thor: The Dark World and Age of Ultron are most important tbh.

The only thing you need to know from TDW is that Loki "died" but actually took over Asgard at the end. You can just tell her that.

I'd recommend watching Age of Ultron because Ragnarok is basically a sequel to it.
It's possible that they got it renewed so that they can move it over to their own streaming service in 2019. 
I feel like it's improved with the saturated color mode with the November patch but that might just be placebo. That being said, most shows were unwatchable for me in a dark room but I didn't have too much trouble seeing anything after the update.

Everything else about this phone is perfect, and I usually cast or watch things on my tablet so I just decided to live with it. Watching stuff in a well-lit room is fine, it's just when I am watching something in bed in the dark that it becomes a problem.
The dark dimension from Doctor Strange was introduced in Agent Carter but yeah, there's really no substantial connection other than references like that.
Not just in the comics, even in the MCU Jarvis is their family's butler. After Howard and Maria Stark died, it would make sense that Jarvis would be the only "family" that Tony had left.
That's what everyone is expecting so I'm thinking it'll be the opposite of what happens. In a twist, Tony sacrifices himself for Captain America. But I still think Bucky will take over. Maybe something will happen where Steve Rogers loses the super soldier stuff and starts aging. That way he can take a backseat role and only come back for minor appearances.

This would also be a good send off for RDJ and I'm sure Disney would like to stop paying him so much for each appearance.
Maybe combined with Heimdell's powers? His badass sword plus the power of the tesseract = cool shit?

The math checks out.
That's true, good point. I had considered a potential Black Panther stone as just being on Earth but if it's in another dimension that's not really a problem.
[blah blah] (# spoiler) ---just remove the space between # and spoiler.

If Loki had been playing the long con, why wouldn't he have given Thanos the Tesseract once he was playing the role of Odin for the last couple of years? I think he'll give it up now but out of fear, not because he is working for Thanos.
I think they could somehow bring RDJ back post death with him leaving training material for his Iron Man successor. I also think his death would have a similar impact to the world as Superman's death in the DCEU so he'll leave his mark.
Well the Tesseract can be used to open a portal. Maybe that's how the rest of the Asgardians, Korg, Hulk, etc get away. So Thor and Loki confront Thanos alone.
I just hope that before he does that, he uses the Tesseract to save the rest of the people on the ship. Then he gives Thanos the Tesseract because there's no other way Thor and Loki walk away from that confrontation.

That would keep his development from Ragnarok intact but also maintain his saving his own skin style.
Feige confirmed in an interview that it is indeed Thanos
> Still don't know where the soul stone is. I'm betting that we find it in Wakanda this February.

If that's the case, I hope they explain why Earth is such a hotspot for Infinity Stones.
I think Bucky can become Captain America with Steve still alive. 

Since everyone is expecting Cap to die, I'm thinking when the moment comes it'll be Tony that sacrifices his life for him (Disney doesn't want to keep paying $50 million plus for the guy). And over the course of the plot, Cap will somehow lose his super-soldier abilities and start aging, prompting him to take a more Nick Fury-esque role in the future.
It's just that [after the character development that Loki got, I feel like him just giving the tesseract to Thanos would be a regression to the old Loki. I like the idea that he uses the tesseract to save the ship and then gives it to Thanos so save his own and his brother's life. And then he possibly gets killed by Thanos for his previous failures.] (#spoiler)
I'm thinking that [Thor and Loki confront Thanos while the rest of their ship gets away. Maybe they teleport the ship with the help of the Tesseract.] (#spoiler)
The bug report wouldn't tell them if you just factory reset it or not. If you're worried about 3rd party apps showing up in the logs, just boot into safe mode. But even if you had factory reset, you would have installed all your apps during the setup phase, so that wouldn't even be an indication of not being factory reset.
Did you try to refresh your list of subscribed subs?
I'm not sure what the battery impact is. I only turn it on when I'm watching something and the black crush becomes an issue.
The motion stills integration was found in their teardown so it's not in the app yet, but they found references to it so it might be coming in the future.
>I guess they are jumping the gun and moving it up one day

The age old debate. 3...2...1...Go! vs 3, 2, 1 Go!
Yeah, I think the brightness in the app is just the brightness of the filter not the actual screen brightness
Use the app Screen Balance (developer is QuickDoc) and set the values to:

Fluorescent

Strength 80%

Contrast 100%

Brightness 100%

This helps minimize the black crush by a lot. It's basically night and day. 
And he's missing that stuff on his face.
Yes, this is one of the things that the official app does that I really like. Makes it easy to watch gifs while scrolling through your front page.
> I almost think DC should force themselves to run the same gauntlet by resetting their entire universe and relaunching with a Blue Beetle film.

I really like this but it's hard to tell if this is sarcastic or not. I think DC would really benefit from launching a universe where the JL exists but the focus is on the smaller, less known characters. They wouldn't even have to reboot, just switch the focus. It would allow them to differentiate from Marvel but also tell interesting stories. I guess it would be something similar to Ant-Man or Spider-Man Homecoming.
It seems like Safelight paid for it as product placement but didn't like what they got after it aired.
context?
>Compatibility Test Suite approved, meaning things like Android Pay should work

Android Pay works for me on DP1 as well, I just used it earlier today.
It's just that we know that he likely has the Tesseract. So if the end result of their confrontation with Thanos is Thor floating out in space, either Loki turns on the team and gives Thanos the Tesseract willingly, or he dies standing up to Thanos as a hero (possibly sacrificing his own life for the rest of the Asgardians). I don't see him being a force on the "good" side while still surviving Thanos, especially after his own history with Thanos in the first Avengers movie.
I think Feige and Marvel Studios also benefitted from having to be creative with their lesser known characters. We didn't have to deal with arguments about who played what character best because we never had major live action adaptions for the main characters.
I like this. Him trading the tesseract would maintain his character development and allow the Asgardians to live. Thanos killing Loki right in the beginning of IW would also be a great way to introduce his character. Loki getting killed and Thor almost getting killed, with Heimdell leading the rest of the Asgardians to safety.
I think he nabbed the tesseract at the end of Ragnarok and with them running into Thanos at the end, I can't see him not switching allegiances again.

He might end up getting a heroic death but for now it looks like he is  going to be on the bad guys side for this movie.
A fuck I didn't even think about that. I like good Loki, that would be devastating.
I think that might be because Loki will be part of the villain crew this time around.
Almost makes it more realistic. They don't care how many lives the Avengers are saving, they just want to reign them in and have control over them.
In CW, Ross says that the Avengers have been allowed to operate for the last 3 years without supervision so that means that only 3 years have passed between Avengers and Civil War. 

So if we know when AoU takes place in relation to Avengers or WS it'll help narrow it down.
I think Warriors 3 should've been with Thor when he was fighting Sutur. They group up with him when he goes to the surface. Would've easily established their relationship with him so that their deaths later in the movie would have more of an impact.

But from what I understand, there were scheduling issues so the actors couldn't be there at the same time.
Shit now I wanna see a Romeo x Juliet type take on GoT, with all the families in a modern day setting.
Try sucking on it. I know sounds weird, but I remember this being a solution for mushy volume/power buttons on the Nexus 6.
Do you think they will do pink Kree in the MCU? I remember reading that the pink Kree was mostly a retcon to explain why some older characters were Kree but not blue.

I have a feeling they'll have him be blue but be in disguise when on Earth and look human.
Confirmed to be Mar-Vell, article was updated
I have these https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B074BSRFDH/

$40 (and I think I got them for cheaper on a lightning deal) 

They're not the greatest but they are relatively cheap and they work well enough. I like how they're separate without a wire between the buds. Battery life is a couple of hours but the case recharges them 3-4 times.
[I hope not, because that's too many stones on Earth. Unless there's an in-universe reason for Earth's importance.](#spoiler)


[I like the theory that Heimdell has it. His eyes are always glowing orange which is supposed to be the color of the Soul Stone, and he is also crazy powerful, so the stone could be giving him that power.](#spoiler)
David Ruddock of Android Police is doing a write up on this. He's never used an iPhone as a his main phone, and now he's using an iPhone X for a month and writing about it.

http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/11/21/ive-never-used-iphone-part-one-switching-iphone-x-first-thoughts/
Once a year. I honestly would probably keep them for at least 2 years just to save some money, especially nowadays since the improvements are minimal, but I usually pass my older devices to family members and someone is always in need of an update.

But next year I might take advantage of Google's buy back program and send my 2 XL back for $400 or so towards the Pixel 3 because I don't have a lot of faith in the longevity of this screen and my little brother is old enough to buy his own phone now.
Someone just has to buy the studio now
To be honest that actually gets kinda annoying. Even on the Pixel 2, I'll open an app that I haven't touched in a day or two and it'll be in the middle of what I was doing previously and I have to back all the way out to the main page so that I can do what I want.
>WB hired him, when all they wanted was someone to copy Marvelâ€™s picture book style.

Nah, they totally were down with the style of MoS back in 2013. They were coming off of the Dark Knight trilogy and the darker style was a good differentiation from the MCU. They just changed their tune when they realized that aesthetic wasn't resonating with audiences.
Well actually, Marvel Studios was started by Avi Arad and some others. But Feige was brought on real early and has been around since day one of the MCU.
Some of your points are things that were seemingly in the movie before the cuts. The trailer had scenes of Victor before the accident, and there is a deleted scene with Barry and Iris.
Too bad we won't see him again for a while. Unless he appears in another character's movie, the next MoS or Justice League movie is 2+ years away.
Unfortunately, we're not gonna see him as Superman again for a while. 2+ years until Man of Steel 2 or JL 2 (which probably won't happen for a long time).
Awesome, thanks for this. 
Any smart plugs you recommend? I have a couple of Phillip Hues lights and they're great but smart plugs are probably cheaper and more versatile. 
>However, it is still inexcusable to not be running Samsung panels, considering the smaller Pixel 2 has them.

Reportedly, they didn't have the option of buying Samsung 2:1 panels because between Samsung devices and the iPhone X, they weren't any available at the time. 
Oh fuck, awesome. Didn't realize we were so close to December.
Sounds like they could use some ~~hope~~ S
Yeah, the official reddit app kinda sucks on Android compared to the iOS version. In 2011 that was basically the norm for Android vs iOS but it's 2017 now, and both apps should really be on par.

In the meantime I have Sync for reddit installed that allows me to do a lot of what the official app lacks.
They rushed it while taking just as much time as Marvel. Iron Man came out in 2008 and Avengers came out in 2012. MoS was 2013, so 4 years ago. Suicide Squad was a wasted opportunity when they could've used it to set up Flash, Cyborg, or Aquaman. 
Varys was in disguise though, so this was just a conversation between two random people, not the master of whisperers and someone else.

>as speaking another language would make their meeting to no less shady

Two random people talking in a dungeon is kinda shady but still something that could happen innocently. 2 people talking in Valyrian is way more shady especially since Robert's court knows about Viserys raising a host in Essos. You can't claim innocence if someone stumbles upon you.
We also have a trailer for season 5 of SHIELD but it doesn't premiere for a couple of weeks. I know it's not the same but they're in freaking space so it feels like something new.
Looked like a typical Oscar-bait movie to me but then Bob Odenkirk showed up. I'm gonna make sure to check it out just because of him.