Wait.  Whut?

Oh Jebus H Crispy Creme Donuts!  This is nuts.

> **[President’s former doctor says three Trump associates ‘raided’ his office](http://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/president-ex-doctor-trump-associates-raided-office-article-1.3965617)**

> President Trump’s former New York doctor said he felt “raped, frightened and sad” when three Trump associates turned up at his office in February of last year and took all of the President’s medical records without warning.

> Dr. Harold Bornstein in an interview with NBC News recalled the morning of Feb. 3, 2017, when Trump Organization chief legal officer Alan Garten, Trump's personal bodyguard Keith Schiller, and a third "large" man "raided" his office and took lab reports and Trump’s medical charts.

> “They must have been here for 25 or 30 minutes,” Bornstein told NBC. “It created a lot chaos.”

Wow, that story really flew under the radar for a while.
I'd think a nanomooch at best, but Rump tweeted this shortly after the story broke:

> The White House is running very smoothly despite phony Witch Hunts etc. There is great Energy and unending Stamina, both necessary to get things done. We are accomplishing the unthinkable and setting positive records while doing so! Fake News is going “bonkers!”

So...  maybe three mooches?  Or, maybe the plan is to make him so irrelevant that he quits.  Perhaps Rump is afraid to fire him.  I wonder if Kelly has dirt on him.  I wonder how many people are currently blackmailing Rump.

P.S...    
Scar a Mooch?    
Scar a Mooch?    
He would do the Don dong though.
Risky Click rocked back in the day, but then they went corporate and their followup record was sellout trash.
I'm listening to Minus The Bear.
I agree 100,000% - but - I can't help wondering if Haberman is complaining in order to please Trump & Huckasanders, which then helps her to keep getting access to Trump & Huckasanders.  I suspect she's saying what she knows they want to hear so they'll keep feeding her inside info.  Tell a few lies to expose a few lies?

I've lost some respect for Haberman, but if I'm right, I understand her motives.

Oh, and by the way...

> It reinforces for me what a huge responsibility it is to be a journalist. Some of these dipshit are not rising to the occasion.

Absogoddamnlutely.
Standardized Weather.

No more tornados, hurricanes, or crazy floods.  Everything will be on a schedule so people will always know exactly what to plan for, and each part of the planet will get what's optimal for that region in terms of heat and precipitation.

Also: Anyone who says "Hot enough for ya?" or "If you don't like the weather here, wait a few minutes & it'll change" will be deported back to the shitty old Earth.
Where's the bedding from?  Is that a duvet?  It looks great.
> Marco Rubio: There's 'no evidence whatsoever' that **my Party's tax bill, which I accepted bribes to vote for**, has helped American workers

Fixed.
> "We've got to save him from himself."

> -John Kelly

He's so fired.
"I have a map of the Byzantine Empire.  It's actual size.  It says, 'Scale: 1 mile = 1 mile.' I spent last summer folding it. I also have a full-size map of the world. I hardly ever unroll it."

-Steven Wright, but not quite.
The (p)resident is a bigot, but oh, let's get mad at a comedian for pointing it out...  because THAT makes sense.

> Maybe she's born with it.  Maybe it's lies.

Anyone who was offended by jokes like that needs to reevaluate their sense of right and wrong.  Sarah Huckabee Sanders stands at that podium and lies to the nation every damn day...  but, oh, a comic is mean for mentioning it?  That's the real joke.
Built a bed of barn beams?  Badass, but beautiful & brilliant, buddy.
> Portland has moved all the current shelters from SW to SE

Really?

Downtown is flooded with homeless.  I've lived downtown for 20 years.  I've never seen it this bad, except immediately after the Occupy camps were overrun and then evicted in 2011.

I never had AC until 2008.  I kept my windows open all summer long and it was never a problem.  Now, if I try to keep my windows open, I hear never ending homeless dudes fighting through the night.  I can't even tell where they're at.  The noise echoes for blocks.  And it's always men.  I don't know if it's because women go to shelters and men don't...  or...  hell, I don't know, but most of the panhandlers are men and the homeless street folks who are out at all hours fighting are almost always men.  Is the homeless population skewed heavily male, or...  or what?  I don't understand.
I search sites like ebay, Best Buy, etc, or even Google Shopping.  But I only buy from places I trust.
I've never seen Apple sell them on sale, but I've seen them on sale online at other stores.  You don't get a physical gift card.  You get a one-time code for the iTunes Store which puts a credit for that dollar amount onto your iTunes Store Apple ID.  So, it works for Apple Music, App Store downloads, etc etc etc.  Anything purchased through iTunes or the App Store, including a monthly Apple Music subscription, will come off your Apple ID credit.

I tend to buy around $100 worth of gift cards at a time when they're on sale, and when my account starts getting low, I look around for sales to buy more.

So, if you can find iTunes Gift Cards for 15% off, you end up getting $100 in iTunes, App Store and/or Apple Music for $85, which means you save $15.  It's a good deal.

Years ago, it was easy to find 25% off iTunes gift card deals, but it's been a while since I've seen those.
Yep.  Usually on ebay, but only from trusted sellers.  I think my last few were from Best Buy, but on their ebay store.
> That's not an accident.

I know it's not an accident.  It's a lie.
TIP!  Buy iTunes gift cards in bulk whenever you find them on sale, and then put a reminder in your calendar or in the reminders app to check again in a few months.  I tend to buy at least $100 at a time.  It's like getting Apple Music on sale.
And yet, Kasich is a registered Republican.  Party first, even still.

I will believe Kasich when he changes party, regardless of whether he switches to Democrat, Independent, or some made up nonsense.  But he won't...  because the party always comes first.  Party over country, even still.
Yeah...  the same doctor who couldn't even get his height and weight right.  Seriously, look it up.

There is literally NOTHING they won't lie about.
I had something similar happen with a lamp.

I ordered a lamp on Amazon.  When it arrived, I knew something was wrong the moment I picked up the box.  I could hear broken glass.  I opened the box, and sure enough, smashed glass.  I took some pics, just in case, and I called Amazon.  They were friendly and sent another, which also showed up smashed.  I called to get a full refund.  I didn't bother having them send another.

> I still need to order another TV stand, although probably from another company this time.

Absolutely.  Choose something else.

My guess is that you could still end up with a chair if you buy the same product from a different seller because the seller never sees what's actually in the box.
Under the table, she was holding on for dear life.  I felt bad for her...  for about a fraction of a second until I remembered that she's a lying sack of alt-right trash.
Trump will be played by an orange Shrek with yellow hair.

Trump Jr. will be played by the extra who is the first guy killed off in every mob movie.
Oh.  ...OH!!!

...did somebody say Witch Hunt?
> Defense

On the money.
Wishbone:

This Side = Thoughts.    
That Side = Prayers.
Some teams suck at picking in the draft.  Getting a mediocre player with the first overall pick in the draft is a bust.
> A mediocre pick is still on the roster and that's something.

I agree if we're talking about pick in the 2nd round, 3rd round, or later...  but wasting a first round pick on mediocre?  That's a bust.  And wasting the #1 overall pick on mediocre?  That's brutal.

You do understand the value of the first overall pick, right?  With the #1 overall pick, you can have any player in the entire draft.  Or, you could trade the pick for several others.  Look at some of the blockbuster trades that have been done with high picks in recent years.

The #1 overall spot in the draft has so much value that getting anything less than greatness from that #1 overall pick is a bust.

A bust.

Sure, it's better to get a mediocre player than a bad player who's out of the league in a year, but it's a bust because you could have gotten so much more with the #1 overall pick.

Anything less than greatness from the #1 pick is a huge missed opportunity.  It's a bust.
I'll let you answer that question yourself: they had the #1 pick in the draft.  Should they have chosen someone else?  If so, it was a bad pick.  If they got the best player in the draft for their needs, it was a good pick.
This is certainly a bummer, though we've known about it for quite a while.

I bought a refurbished Airport Extreme for under $100 back in 2010 and it's been absolutely rock solid for eight years.  Zero problems.  I can't even remember the last time I had to reboot it (excluding times when I was adding DHCP reservations for new gear.  Obviously, you have to reboot for that).

I wish Apple would have stayed in the router business long enough to release a model with the next upcoming wifi standard, because I'd buy one and probably be set for another decade.
Getting a mediocre pick with the #1 pick in the draft means you got a bad pick.
This makes me wonder if Republicans - or Russians - have found a way to hack into electronic voting machines.

Correction:  This makes me assume that Republicans - or Russians - have found a way to hack into electronic voting machines.
> The complete lack of cohesion, the paranoia, the citation of “facts” he believes everyone else knows...

I assume Trump's lawyers will put up an insanity plea in the end and The Candyman will get thrown under the bus.

What other options will they have?

I also assume we're going to see some Russian style assassinations before all of this plays out.
It's a shame the poll didn't ask about a Hispanic president, or another black president.

They're bigots.
> I'm about 15 minutes in and...

15 minutes in?  Holy crap.  How long was Trump on Fox this morning?  The video you watched looks like it's already been taken down.
*"Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes. That way when you criticize them, you are a mile away from them and you have their shoes."*    
-Jack Handey
Thanks!  Those look great.
Yeah.  [I clicked through](https://store.nike.com/us/en_us/product/nike-blazer-low-id/?piid=44695&pbid=142004816&mid=1043360199) to see if I could change the color of the logo on the tongue.  Nope.  (To mess with the overall design, click My Designs > Edit Design)
> the last Republican administration that literally tortured people

This point cannot be emphasized enough.

What has our country become?  Two of the last three presidents lost the popular vote when they were "elected."  Trump lost by millions.  The previous Republican administration literally committed and endorsed torture.  This administration is raising rent on the poor while bragging about corruption after colluding with Russia to manipulate the 2016 election.  And let's not forget the last Democratic administration.  What did Obama do that got people up in arms?  Republicans were outraged because Obama worked to get people affordable healthcare, which was somehow awful.

What the hell has our country become in this new millennium?
> Elections have consequences. Vote in November.

Uhm...  perhaps you're forgetting that Trump lost the popular vote by MILLIONS.

Two out of the last three presidents in the U.S. didn't win the popular vote when they were "elected."  How's that for a fucked up statistic.
I'm in the U.S. and I'm definitely interested in the giveaway.  I've been debating buying Declaration for a while and I'm also on the hunt for a summer scent, so I'd love to try Declaration L'eau.  It might tick both of those boxes for me.
> And against Republicans we have thoughts and prayers.

Actually, it's the opposite.  Republicans are the ones that have thoughts and prayers.

And on the other side, we have science.
> She gonna flip like a pancake.

She probably already has.  Cohen probably has too.  The only holdout is probably Manafort, who is screwed in so many ways that a presidential pardon won't be enough to save him from doing hard time.  My guess is that Manafort is holding out because he thinks there's a chance to escape at some point and flee the country.
I think the exact opposite.  Sectional couches look 1980s suburbs to me.  This place looks like one hell of a bachelor pad.  Well done, OP.

EDIT: Wow, the bros really do love their sectional couches.  Probably the overstuffed kind.  Sometimes I forget how odd the tastes in this sub can be.  Sectional couches, TVs mounted sky high, big boxy coffee tables that fill the room.  I don't get it...  but... whatever.  It's a shame reddit doesn't have a sub for stylish living spaces.
Can the Browns GM be trusted by Browns fans?

What a mess.
If I was headless, I'd go bottomless.
Lordy, they hoped there were tapes.
Nothing inspires confidence in draft picks like choosing players based on what a bird can pronounce.

Is there a Polly in the draft this year?  Rumor has it, he wants a cracker.
Yep.  Long story short: I found a Beautyrest mattress that I like.
[The Rock Obama?](https://www.nbc.com/sites/nbcunbc/files/files/images/2016/4/09/bcbc4a760303ada95a749436e699e1e1_af94674533853aac69d28df5f2689851_1.jpg)
The settings are all saved in your Hue Hub, so... plug it all back in in your new place and you're good to go.

I assume you're using the same WIFI router of course, which you're also taking to your new place.

If you have to remove any bulbs from fixtures (overhead lighting, for example), you'll want to make sure you think about where you want those specific bulbs to go in your new place.  All of my bulbs are in my lamps, so for me it was as simple as moving the lamps into my new place.

One thing to keep in mind: If the color is different in your new place due to things like the color of paint on the walls, etc, you may need to adjust the colors for bulbs in your scenes.  My last place had a deep rich red accent wall.  My current place has an earth tone green accent wall.  It's amazing how much of a difference that sort of thing makes if you really use color - especially if you use color in subtle ways rather than full on bold color (for example, I find that adding just a bit of purple to the light for my TV scene makes colors on TV at night really pop.  I'm talking about just a bit of purple.  If you walk into my place, you'd think the lights are white, but adding maybe 5% to 10% purple to the white light makes colors on TV pop.  I had to adjust that scene quite a bit when I moved if I remember correctly because the tone of the room was so different than what I had before).
Normal robbers rob folks who have more, not less.
It's funny you should mention Benghazi.

One of Trump's first acts as president was a military raid in Yemen that was a disaster.

Let's go over that one again, as a reminder:

The Obama administration had been contemplating a raid in Yemen. To gather intel? To capture or kill an ISIS leader? Who knows. They never committed to executing the raid because they determined it was too dangerous.

Trump becomes the (p)Resident and some knucklehead in his administration convinces him to go for it. Aaaaaaaaaaaand it proved to be too dangerous.

* 23 civilians were killed, including women and children were killed.

* A U.S. Navy Seal was killed during the raid.

* U.S. servicemen were injured during the raid.

* A 75 Million Dollar U.S. aircraft was destroyed. In fact, it had to be destroyed by the U.S. military, meaning, we paid for the missile used to destroy our own $75 million aircraft. Awesome!? ...oh, hell no.

Shortly after the raid, a press conference was scheduled to show off a key piece of intel gathered during the raid. A video. It was quickly debunked as being at least 10 years old and already available on the goddamn mother fucking internet.

For me, the most amazing aspect of the raid in Yemen is that Trump didn't even go to the situation room to be briefed before approving the raid. What was Trumple Thinskin so busy doing that he couldn't be thoroughly briefed in order to make the best possible decision?

**...He was eating.**

And here's a question nobody seems to have asked about the Yemen raid: Who actually WAS in the Situation Room for the Yemen raid? Was it Skeletor himself, Steve Bannon?

There's a lot of talk about Trump being a Russian Puppet, but there's more than one hand up that clown's ass making his fish faced mouth move. Trump is just as much Bannon's puppet, and lives have already been lost because of it.

Here's another piece of fallout from the botched Yemen raid: Yemen has withdrawn permission for U.S. antiterror ground missions, which could prove to be a costly consequence, making it harder for the U.S. to go after ISIS in Yemen.

What a fuckup, but Republicans didn't care.
> The Republican agenda hasn't changed in 40 years. It is, and will remain, "I got mine, **and now we want yours.**"

Fixed.

Republicans are the opposite of Robin Hood.  They're hood robbin'.  Squeeze the middle class and fuck the poor.
Funny you should mention them.

I went to Parklane yesterday.  I love that they're honest about their prices.  There's no ridiculousness of "It's $1700 but on sale (wink) for $1200 now, but that sale ends soon so buy now!"  Good god I hate mattress store tactics.  Parklane doesn't do that nonsense, so I'd feel good about buying from them...  and their mattresses sure do feel high quality in person.  My problem is that I didn't find one for $1200 or less that was as comfortable as what I can find for $900 elsewhere (I found an Eastman Madison Pillow Top for $900 that felt comfortable...  but will it last?  The $1200 "Bonita" mattress from Parklane felt less comfortable but I don't doubt that it's much higher quality).  When I say 'less comfortable' I mean that it felt too firm, probably because I'm only 140 pounds.  I bet if I was heavier it would feel fantastic.

Parklane is the first mattress store I've ever been to where I'd recommend them highly even though I may not end up buying from them.  I wish I could find a soft mattress there that I could afford.
> Don't say "mattress stores" start by lying about the price in the first place. Tuft and needle compares their bed to a $2k+ mattress and the two have NOTHING in common, so its not a "mattress store" problem.

Saying "Others lie too" doesn't prove me wrong and it doesn't make it right.


> The brick and mortar "shills" here have zero to gain by suggesting you at least check out a retail store.

I made it clear in the original post I am doing exactly that already.  So far, I've hit up four of the five stores in my area that are in my price range (I don't drive, so those are my options).  I've found maybe five mattresses total that I'm interested in locally so far with one more store to check out (Mattress World. Ugh), but I wish I could find honest information about their quality vs the quality of similarly priced mattresses I could buy online.  And when I say "priced" I'm referring to what I'd pay, not the silliness that's listed on a tag to make it look like a deal when it's not.

One store near me ([Parklane](https://parklanemattresses.com)) doesn't lie about their prices.  There are no fake sky high prices that get knocked down.  They list the real prices they sell for online and in store.  I want to reward that approach by buying from them, but sadly, I couldn't find a mattress there that was comfortable enough compared to what I'm finding elsewhere in my price range.  Their mattresses felt like the highest quality overall ([this was my favorite of theirs](https://parklanemattresses.com/product/the-bonita/)) though their prices were around $300 higher than mattresses I'm considering elsewhere (but like I said, their mattresses also seem like significantly higher quality).  Sadly, I didn't find one there that felt more comfortable than what I'm finding elsewhere for $300 less.

I wish there was a way to know what the quality of something like a Saatva is compared to an Eastman Madison Pillow Top ($900 and felt the most comfortable - but is it a quality mattress?) or the Escape 700 ($850, but I can't find any info on that one at all).
No worries!  After I replied, I took a look at the others and realized what happened.  Cheers!
CT?  I'm in Oregon.
This is exactly what Trump wants...  but he can't do it because of the optics.

How's THAT for irony?
I hope you're right.

At some point, I should teach myself how to write my own API.  My needs are so minimal.  Photo title, description, tags & URL...  sorted by date.  Ah, crap.  It's already not simple, and that's what keeps me on Flickr.
For those who use the Flickr API...  I wonder if this will be a good thing or a bad thing.  I use their API to serve up my Flickr photos on my photography site and it works really well.  I love the Flickr API except for the fact that I have to assume at some point Flickr is going to totally eff up or even abandon their API...  or charge too much to make it worthwhile (it's free, though I've been a Pro member there for years).

Please please please, please don't eff up the API.
> Do you not understand there has to be markup in any product sold whether its online or through a store???

Of course I do...  but since mattress stores start by lying about the price in the first place, it's hard to feel good about a mattress priced at $1700 that is only worth $600.

The lie about the price.  How can I respect that?

They lie about the discount.  The discounted price is closer to the actual price they intended to sell it at if they'd been honest from square one.

> In reality, if you spend $950 in a mattress store you're likely getting more than spending $950 for an online bed.

I'm not convinced that I'd get a better bed at BedMart or Mattressfirm than if I'd get if I bought a Saatva, for example.  That's why I'm doing my homework.  This won't be an impulse purchase for me.  I'm putting a lot of time and effort into trying mattresses (I hit three shops this week) and reading online to educate myself.

I also hate that review sites have shills for bed in a box companies, and this sub seems to have shills for brick & mortar mattress stores.  It's so hard to find honest reliable information.
It sounds like you're making the case to buy direct even though that wasn't your intention.

> If our bed is $699 on the floor, we probably pay between $350 and $400 for that bed.

So, if I spend $1200 at a mattress store, I'm only getting $600 to $700 worth of a mattress?  That's brutal.
I wanted to say a quick THANK YOU!

> Unfortunately, copy pasta as it is, it is a pretty okay response.

He only recommended two things, and if he'd read my post he'd have seen that I'm already doing both of them already.  I get the feeling he works at a mattress store and has an agenda.  Hey, whatever.

> I also heavily dislike Mattress Firm.

Sadly, that's the main store near me (there's also a Bedmart, but I didn't find a mattress there that felt better).  A Beautyrest is the one I liked the most, but I just keep thinking "Is this REALLY the best I can do for $1200?!?"  That's a lot of money and it didn't feel much better than the $800 mattress I bought 12 years ago.  If it weren't for the fact that I'm upgrading to a bigger bed I'd rather keep the mattress I have than spend over a thousand dollars on something that feels no better.

> Again, this all varies on the person. I can suggest a comfort level to start with (usually if someone mentions side, I mention pillowtop), but it might feel terrible to you.

Actually, since I'm so light (5'9", 140 pounds), a pillow top feels very good to me.  Firm feels like a rock.  I know support is important, so I guess I'm hoping to find the right combination of support plus comfort on top.  I've even been toying with the idea of buying something like an Otis 110 or 150 and adding some sort of pillowtop or featherbed something or other layer on top of it...  but I probably won't do that.  I'm just surprised that for over a thousand dollars I can't find a mattress that feels like something I'm dying to curl up on.

> I am (unless the line up has change) decently versed in Beautyrest and let me say: the 2016 product has disappointed me. Gimmicky foams, sagging sides.

I don't know the name of the $1200 Beautyrest I found, but I was actually impressed by the edge support.  It felt strong both on the sides and at the foot of the bed (my current mattress has excellent edge support at the sides but none at the foot and I hate that).  I assume the Beautyrest for $1200 (after bogus discount) is a 2017 or 2018 model...?  Eh...  I liked it enough that if it cost $600 I'd buy it, but for $1200...  I feel like I should be thrilled.  Instead, it just felt like an ok mattress.  Not bad, but, not like a thousand dollar plus mattress.

This whole process is so frustrating.  I feel like everything is so wildly overpriced.  I don't expect to find something amazing for $500, but for a thousand bucks I should be impressed.  I'm not.  With all of the new competitors coming into the market, shouldn't prices be coming down or quality going up in stores?  I'm not seeing or feeling that at all.

I need to try Parklane next since they have a store near me, but their prices seem much higher.  Hopefully not.

P.S.  Thanks for the reminder to buy a mattress protector.  I bought one when I got my current mattress, and I plan to buy one for my next.
Any luck?

Take this with a grain of salt since I haven't slept on a foam mattress, but I'm a hot sleeper and my guess is that a denser surface to sleep on will slowly absorb more heat (slowly, meaning, through the night as you warm up).  You might want to think about switching back to a coil style mattress.  Food for thought.  Like I said, I'm a hot sleeper and I'm researching the heck out of this stuff because I need a new mattress (I'm buying a bigger bed).
While I'm not a huge fan of this one in particular, I sure am a fan of MFK.  Don't get me wrong...  Oud Satin Mood is excellent, but it's not really my style.  I love Aqua Universalis and APOM (especially the drydown of APOM.  Give it a few hours).

I also love the quality of the bottles and caps.

Anyway...  if you're looking for the best price, make sure you check out MFK's website before committing to a purchase.  Go through the international section even if you're in the U.S.  I highly recommend buying samples through MFK's website.  The prices are good, and they take the price of the samples off the price of a bottle if you buy one there, so it's a good deal.

Cheers!
> I don't have the time to craft a message around someone who is bemoaning an $800 bed gifted to them from their parents and maintaining that the "evil mattress store" will rip them off.

Then don't.

There's no need to insult people who can't afford things you can.  The OP of this thread is a student looking for something to get him through med school.
You got downvoted for being a student in med school who isn't able to afford $1,349???  What is the deal with this subreddit?  I suspect people who work at mattress stores are doing lots of downvoting here.
> At this point I feel like read everything I could on buying them and gone to a bunch of mattress stores to try things out, and I feel like that's actually made it harder.

I feel that way too, and it's so frustrating.  Stores near me have almost nothing under $1,000, and none of the prices are legit.  If it's marked as $1700 but they're always running a sale dropping it down 20%, just put the real price on the damn thing.  I hate feeling like I'm being cheated.
Flynn: Actually Putin called you first sir.    
Trump: Vlad loves me.
That kind of response isn't helpful at all.  Based on your copy/paste response, it doesn't look like you actually read the post.

I made it clear that I'm already working on educating myself.  I also made it clear that I'm visiting local stores...  but their prices seem so bogus.  There are no real prices and there's no way to know how much one of their mattresses should actually cost.  Even marked down, I feel like I'd be overpaying.  I hate rewarding that kind of practice with my money.

I've tried to make my preferences and needs clear in this post and am asking for advice based on them from folks with more experience and knowledge.
> I can’t wait for the history books covering it in 20 years.

Don't get your hopes up if you're looking for honesty.  Look into how history books are covering the Iraq war now.
...and who else would Flynn care to point out was first other than Putin?
Yeah, but coal sure beats the hell out of a washer/dryer.  It's noisy as hell, too.
> I did exactly what you want to do

Which remote do you have?  How did you do it?

> IIRC I have reprogramed those keys using the app

When you say you "reprogrammed," do you mean you set them up to do a Home Control type function, or were you able to use them as Activity Control Buttons?
> they were actually fighting for state rights.

...to own people.  Yes, there was more to it than that, but that is an undeniable indefensible fact.
> Being a traitor is just disagreeing with the other person’s agenda, practically.

Being an American going to war against America is treason.  No amount of "Yeah but" can change that.  You may sympathize with the traitors, and that's your prerogative, but a U.S. citizen going to war against the U.S. is treason.

> The Union and Confederacy fought on plenty of other things than just slavery and equal rights between man.

This is true, but there are no excuses for slavery.
Interesting.  I may look into them at some point.

For the most part, I love Harmony...  but damn damn damn, it's so frustrating having six buttons that I can't use the way I'd want to.  If Logitech would allow them to be used as Activity Control buttons, these remotes would be perfect because there would be workarounds for whatever somebody might want them to be able to do, such as controling a Wemo, or triggering Hue scenes...  or my personal favorite: when dimming Hue down, increase saturation up, and when dimming Hue up, turn saturation down.  I created a function to do that manually and it's fantastic, but I had to assign it to another pair of buttons instead of the rocker where it would make the most sense.
> Then get an URC or RTI

URC?  RTI?  I'm not familiar with those terms.

I'm not yet convinced I can't use something like Home Assistant on my Raspberry Pi to change how those home control buttons work.  Actually, I already figured out how to have the home control buttons do other things...  but I can't figure out how to use the rocker buttons, and that's frustrating.
> Shouldn't need more activity buttons because the touch screen gives unlimited activities

That's not the point though.  The point is that it's infuriating to be sold a remote with buttons you can't program.  Also, telling people they shouldn't need more buttons defeats the purpose of a smart remote.  There are certain functions that I want on a button press without having to hunt through a touchscreen, and those six bottom buttons are a perfect place for them.

Logitech does a really bad job of working with Philips Hue - at least, *for the Companion remote*.  I specify the Companion because I don't know what features the Elite/950 remote can or can't do with those six buttons since I don't own one of those remotes...  but on the Companion, those six buttons can't trigger Hue scenes - only individual lights or groups of lights (and the Rocker buttons can't be programmed to do anything at all).  If I turn on my lights tonight using my Companion remote, they'd be a very dim dark red because that was the lighting I used when I watched a movie last night.

I want to be a huge fan of Harmony, but it's very frustrating to have six buttons that I can't use.  So much of the Harmony system is brilliant, but man oh man, when Logitech falls short they really fall short.  I'm convinced that whoever designed how Hue works with Harmony has no actual experience with Hue.
Wrong, because a state cannot legally secede from the United States, thus they would still be U.S. citizens.  I realize that's probably not going to be popular among the pro-confederates crowd, but it's a fact.

Source: The Constitution.

The constitution does not grant states the right to secede, nor does it grant congress the power to accept secessions.
> If California were to go through the process and say "We are our own country," then that would become and act of war between countries, not a treasonous act.

So, American citizens committing an act of war against the U.S. is not treason?  C'mon now.
So, you're saying you don't think it's treason for California to go to war against the U.S. in order to leave the U.S.
> The south seceded from the union. And the definition of treason is "the crime of betraying one's country, especially by attempting to kill the sovereign or overthrow the government." If they cut ties and started their own government, then how is that treason?

Are you honestly saying if California tried to leave the U.S. that isn't treason against the U.S.?
The Revolutionary war was treason against Britain.  The Civil War was treason against the U.S.  We're talking about statues of people who committed treason against the U.S.  Surely, you understand the difference.
Are you suggesting that going to war against your own country in order to take states away from it isn't treason?
> traitors is a bit far. They wanted to leave the union and start their own government.

They wanted to leave The United States and start a new country.

That is the very definition of treason against The United States.
As long as they're presented as traitors, not heroes.  Yes, I could be convinced that changing the plaques is enough.

Confederates killed many times more Americans than Osama Bin Laden did, yet they're thought of as heroes.  It's crazy.  And it's wrong.

Confederates were not American heroes.  They were traitors.
> To me removing these statues is like erasing history. It's stupid.

> There is a German submarine in a museum in Chicago. Should we scrap that as well because they were the enemy?

SURELY, you understand the difference between a display of an enemy sub and a statue presented as a hero.
I did once - only once.  It was a UPS package, but I can't recall if it was from Amazon or not.  I just remember being really surprised by how late it was delivered.
Why do we celebrate people who fought AGAINST the United States in the Civil War?

We recognize Benedict Arnold as a traitor, but for some inexplicable reason, Confederates get a pass.  That makes no sense.  Confederates were traitors who waged war against the U.S. because they wanted to leave.
All I can say is...  if I were somebody like Cohen, I wouldn't be stepping onto any balconies.  I have to assume Michael Avenatti has top notch security.
Do you think we'll start seeing Russian-style political assassinations here in the U.S.?  Trump is being pushed so far back into a corner with Mueller's investigation and the Stormy Daniels investigation, and now the Cohen investigation which probably overlaps with both of the others but also opens up an entirely new set of even bigger problems.

At some point, Trump is going to snap.  How bad will it get and how far will he go?
I started making my bed every day.

I'm like most people who don't enjoy making their bed, but I finally made a habit of it six years ago when I bought a new coffee maker.  I get up in the morning, grind coffee beans (by hand!), and start a pot of coffee.  While the coffee brews, I make my bed.

It quickly became a habit.

When my home looks good, I feel better about myself, my home, and my entire day.

If you make coffee, you'll always have to wait while it brews.  Turn that time into something useful.  Use it to make your bed.
Robotic bees?  ...what could POSSIBLY go wrong?

And yet, I love it.

*DID YOU HEAR THAT, FUTURE ROBOTIC BEE OVERLORDS?  I SAID, I'M ON YOUR SIDE.*
MAGA (Make Attorneys Get Attorneys)    
...has now been changed to...    
SAGSA:  Shitty Attorneys Get Shitty Attorneys.
> President Trump Files in Court to **Obstruct** Michael Cohen FBI Raid Case

FTFY.
> I was dressed as an elf and he was 9.

This could be so wrong in so many ways.
The swing looks cool, but it also looks like it would bang into that wall even when just getting in or out, especially with the edge of the wooden bar.
> The few conservatives that I know, are very pro-authoritative even though they claim to be “Constitutional Conservetives”.

Conservatives intentionally use slogans that represent the opposite of what they believe.  In a sense, it's a *tell.*  It's like when a mobster says he's such a nice guy or a guy who assaults women says "you're safe with me" or "I'll protect you."

Remember "Compassionate Conservatives?"  Exactly.

Remember the "Budget Hawks?"  Riiiiiiiight.

How about evangelicals who champion the guy who cheats on his third wife with multiple women that he lies about and pays off after admitting on tape he goes after married women too.

Liars.

Judge their actions, not their words.
> He will never resign.

The day he was sworn into office - that very day - he filed paperwork to run for reelection.  Presidents usually do that in their second or even third year in office.  Trump did it on day one.

He will never resign.

He congratulated Xi Jinping for extending China's presidency indefinitely.

As recently as this fucking week, he was talking about how the U.S. presidency should be extended to four terms instead of two.

He will never resign.

I won't be surprised at all if he is led out of the While House in handcuffs while shouting Fake News.
Does this make Republicans angry, or happy?

It's shocking how quickly they went from viewing Russia as the red menace to rooting for them.  Reagan is rolling in his grave.
Dubya, indeed.

It's interesting to look back on the presidency of the elder Bush.  He wasn't a bad president, but he wasn't batshit crazy enough for Republicans to be excited about, and he wasn't a Democrat, so Democrats obviously voted for their own candidate in 1992.  Thus, he only served one term.  He wasn't a bad president, but his son was an embarrassment.  Had it not been for Trump, Dubya would have been the worst president in modern American history.  It'll be interesting (and by that, I mean horrifying) to see if Republicans can nominate anyone worse than Trump in years to come.  I have to assume Republicans will learn nothing from this whole debacle.  After all, they learned nothing from the whole Dubya disaster.
Isn't that proof they're frauds who stand for nothing?

Yes.  Yes, it is.
> And even if he showed inside it’s not even a guarantee his passport even got stamped.

Or that it's his only passport.  Didn't Manafort have four or five of them?
Distraction bombs.  SAD!
It's becoming more and more likely that the pee tape exists.

We all need to prepare ourselves for the day it leaks.  Oh, god.  Did I just say leaks?  Ewwww.  But we need to prepare ourselves because, the moment it leaks (oh god oh god) that thing is going to be everywhere.  Oh, god...  that thing?  Oh, dear god, please don't let the pee tape contain video of Trump naked oh god oh god oh god.

For the sake of my own eyeballs, I almost hope the pee tape doesn't exist.  You're probably thinking "If you don't want to see it, don't look," but the moment it leaks (oh, ewww), it will become the ultimate RickRoll.
FAKE NUDES!  SAD!  The witches were wearing hats.  THAT MEANS NOT NUDE.
I like the show enough to watch it, but it's such a cliche.  It's basically every trope you've seen before.  The writing isn't particularly good, but it isn't bad enough to make you turn it off.  The acting isn't particularly good, but it isn't bad enough to make you turn it off.  The directing isn't particularly good, but it isn't bad enough to make you turn it off.

Bosch is the "I can't decide what to watch so I guess I'll watch this" show.
It deepened that much in 6 or 7 months?  Nice!  It looks more like an oxblood color now, or maroon, and it looks so much better than when it was new.

I'm a fan of the black leather case, but this looks much better than I expected it to.
> "I thanked them at the conclusion."

That's an actual quote from Michael Cohen.

> "members of the FBI that conducted the search and seizure were all extremely professional, courteous and respectful. And I thanked them at the conclusion."

He thanked them, because he knows how astoundingly fucked he is.

Stormy Daniels' lawyer said Cohen would fold like a cheap deck of cards when push comes to shove, but he couldn't have imagined Cohen would fold less than 24 hours after he said it.
Lordy, I hope there are seized tapes.
The same could be said for The Late Late Show.  Well, Kilborn wasn't the first host, but when he left, Craig Ferguson took over and the show got so much better.  Craig Ferguson, Geoff Peterson, and Secretariat (who, by the way, was not a real *TOOTSIEFRUITS* horse).  What a great show!
Jon Stewart, on CNN's Crossfire, while he was a guest on their show:

> JON STEWART: What you do is not honest. What you do is partisan hackery. And I will tell you why I know it. 

> TUCKER CARLSON: You had John Kerry on your show and you sniff his throne and you're accusing us of partisan hackery? 

> STEWART: Absolutely.

> CARLSON: You've got to be kidding me. He comes on and you... 

> STEWART: You're on CNN. The show that leads into me is puppets making crank phone calls.  What is wrong with you?

Goddamn, I miss Jon Stewart.

P.S.  Speaking of hackery: [ROLL 212!](http://www.cc.com/video-clips/0vqrim/the-daily-show-with-jon-stewart-jim-cramer-pt--1)
> I honestly don’t think this will happen.

I agree.  I'm not convinced it'll happen.

Trump turned bigots and white supremacists into a political power base, and those people don't give a damn about Russia.  Hell, they'd welcome Russian collusion in future elections if it means white power at home.

Those people aren't on the fringe anymore.  They're now the Republican party's base.  If Republicans in congress turn their backs on them, there will be hell to pay.

I'm betting that Republicans will protect their party over their country again.
What's the fastest way to find out if/when Mueller is fired?  Or Rosenstien?

What's the best source for news alerts that only go off when something major happens?
> My head is still spinning over how Buzzfeed have become a legit news source.

Comedy Central became a news source for nearly 20 years.  They've been doing it for so long we take them for granted.

Even Teen Vogue has been doing some amazing news coverage.
Paul Ryan is complicit in Russian meddling in the 2016 election.  He knew.  He did nothing.  Instead of protecting the country, he protected his party.  He is an American traitor and should be remembered as such.

> “There’s two people I think Putin pays: Rohrabacher and Trump,” McCarthy (R-Calif.) said, according to a recording of the June 15, 2016, exchange, [which was listened to and verified by The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/house-majority-leader-to-colleagues-in-2016-i-think-putin-pays-trump/2017/05/17/515f6f8a-3aff-11e7-8854-21f359183e8c_story.html?utm_term=.f43b28afd7ae).

> McCarthy quickly added: “Swear to God.”

Paul Ryan quickly cut off the conversation, saying:

> **“No leaks. . . . This is how we know we’re a real family here.”**

I assume, at some point, these tapes will become part of the Mueller investigation and then become public.

This is Paul Ryan's legacy.
Trump got burned by his mentor.  By his idol.

Brutal.
> "Much of the bad blood with USA is caused by the Fake & Corrupt Trump Investigation, headed up by the all Democrat loyalists, or people that worked for Obama. Mueller is most conflicted of all (except Rosenstein who signed FISA & Comey letter). No Collusion, so they go crazy!

> I called President Trump of the U.S.A. to congratulate him on his election victory (in past, Obama called him also). The Fake News Media is crazed because they wanted me to excoriate him. They are wrong! Getting along with Trump (and others) is a good thing, not a bad thing......."

> --Satan
  
And, of course:

> *"Dot DOT Dot dot DOT DOT DOT"*

> --Stephen Colbert
How far are Republicans going to let this go before they do something?   ...something other than retire, resign or otherwise make their way toward the exits, I mean.

> The channel's newscasters also displayed charts explaining how much water people need to store for drinking, washing their face and hands, and preparing food every day—and how that amount changes depending on the temperature of a person’s bomb shelter. The program also recommended that people stock up on gas masks and read guides on how to survive nuclear war.

Jesus.
> she just hasn't reported it for whatever reason.

The NYT and WAPO have been publishing articles with so many sources that it doesn't surprise me at all if they don't publish stories with fewer sources even when they know the source is legit.
Corker is a fraud.  He knew the bill was terrible when he voted for it.
He folds faster than Ben Folds.

I love that Avenatti made the comment about how quickly Cohen would fold "when push comes to shove," and the very next day - probably less than a full 24 hours later - Cohen was on CNN, saying:

> "members of the FBI that conducted the search and seizure were all extremely professional, courteous and respectful. And I thanked them at the conclusion."

The last part is hilarious:

> And I thanked them at the conclusion."

I bet he did.  And then he tossed his undies in the wash.

Cohen folded before push even came to shove.  He folded at pu.  That's HILARIOUS.
> Mr.Mueller, do you renounce Satan?

*"I've issued him a subpoena as a key witness in the investigation against foreign collusion in the 2016 election."*
Oh my god, that would be fantastic.  It'd be like Jimmy Kimmel's Matt Damon joke, only better.

Ask it.    
Every.    
Damn.    
Day.
> History books in the future are going to be weird.

Sadly, school history books tend to be as political as the news is.  Want proof?  All you have to do is look at how students are taught about why we went to war in Iraq.  Seriously, look it up sometime.
It looks like Michael Avenatti was right when he said Cohen would fold.

> "I think when push comes to shove he's going to fold like a cheap deck of cards"

Man, that was fast.

I wonder if Trump has ever heard of the old game called 52 Card Pickup.
Here's the actual quote, in context:

> “There’s two people I think Putin pays: Rohrabacher and Trump,” McCarthy (R-Calif.) said, according to a recording of the June 15, 2016, exchange, [which was listened to and verified by The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/house-majority-leader-to-colleagues-in-2016-i-think-putin-pays-trump/2017/05/17/515f6f8a-3aff-11e7-8854-21f359183e8c_story.html?utm_term=.f43b28afd7ae).

> McCarthy quickly added: “Swear to God.”

Paul Ryan quickly cut off the conversation, saying:

> “No leaks. . . . This is how we know we’re a real family here.”
It's a beautiful day to subpoena a goon.    
A beautiful day for a subpoena, you goon.    
Would you like a...?    
Could you get a...?    
Would you like a subpoena?

I have always wanted to serve a subpoena to you.    
I've always wanted to serve a subpoena to you. 

So let's make the most of this beautiful day.    
Since you're in denial, I might as well say.    
Would you like a...?    
Could you get a...?    
You'll be served a subpoena! 

Won't you please?    
Won't you please?    
Please be served a subpoena!
DUN! DUN!
> In terms of the accent, some long-term immigrants still find it hard to shake their accents. Arnold Schwarzenegger, Henry Kissinger for example.

I should have clarified, it's not just the accent.  She could barely read a book for very young children.
A: Hannity is a douchebag.  End of story.

B: Melania's accent was the source of the original joke.  Her accent is quite interesting.  Have you ever actually thought about it?  She's been in the U.S. for 22 years, but she still speaks as if she arrived recently.  The way she struggles with English makes me wonder how much English she speaks in her everyday life, if any.

Granted, she chose the life she now leads.  She chose Trump.  She chose to date him, she chose to marry him, and she chose to have a child with him.  She knows her husband cheated on her with multiple women and he didn't even wear a condom.  She knows, and she chose to stay.  Those were her choices, so I don't feel sorry for her...  but I have to assume she is incredibly lonely.

She's been in the U.S. for 22 years, but the way she struggles when speaking English makes me assume she isn't speaking English in her daily life.  I wonder what her daily life is these days.  Who does she even speak to?  Certainly not her husband and the family she married into.  I can't imagine how lonely and isolated she must feel.

...but she chose it.
Having a bulletproof desk makes no sense.  That protects him from the lap, down.  By the time he'd realize he needs to dive under the desk for cover he'd already be dead.
In other news, Water Is Wet, Fire Is Hot, and [Bigots Will Always Vote For Bigotry Even If The Bigot's Policies Will Hurt The Bigots Themselves](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DZ-1tmrX0AAfML8.jpg)...  but first, here's Dave with the weather.
That encourages people to cross post as many times as possible in order to get tons of upvotes.
Halt And Catch Fire, Season Six: The Reboot.
Dubya wouldn't have had shoes thrown at him if he'd been wearing shoes.  Everybody knows that's how it works.
Yeah, but Trump loves to throw people under the bus, and he's stupid enough to think he can do that with his Mueller interview...  he probably thinks he can find a scapegoat and throw that person under the bus to put himself in the clear.

Obviously, that wouldn't work with someone of Mueller's experience, but watch and see as Trump tries to do it.
> I'd rather not take any chances though

THIS!

For anyone reading this...  don't take chances.  We're all learning the hard way how much elections have consequences.
I'm going to rephrase that headline:

**Criminal Doesn't Seem To Understand What Crime Is.**

Anyone who is surprised is either not paying attention or in deep, deep denial.

It doesn't help that even after a year in office, Trump still only has a middle-schooler's understanding of what the president's powers are.  He thinks he's king.
Of COURSE it's not the anchors at KATU in Portland.  Sigh.
> Liam Neeson, if you're listening, **release the Kraken!**
https://youtu.be/f2EuyoBVLBo?t=1m26s
> 'Smithers, if you're listening, **release the hounds!**'
That seat was stolen.

Neil Gorsuch is not a legitimate justice on the Supreme Court.  I can't believe Democrats just let that happen and the general public didn't care.
Everyone is painting GOP Congressman Dana Rohrabacher as Putin’s Puppet because that's what he is.  Republicans have known for a long time.  They're complicit.

> "There’s two people I think Putin pays: Rohrabacher and Trump,” McCarthy said in the recording of a June 15 exchange obtained and published by the Washington Post. At that point, House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.) cut off the conversation and swore those present to secrecy.

> [Read the transcript of the conversation among GOP leaders obtained by The Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/apps/g/page/national/read-the-transcript-of-the-conversation-among-gop-leaders-obtained-by-the-post/2209/)
> 'Russia, if you're listening, I hope you are able to find **The Apprentice footage that is missing**. I think you will probably be rewarded mightily by our press.'


Weeweeleak
Sounds coming out of his mouth means he's lying.

No sounds coming out of his mouth means he's lying to himself in his head.
The good news is, Azrael stays by Gargamel's side.

(Seriously, I can't be the only one who notices the resemblance)
Who will actually hold Trump's lawyer legally accountable though?
Reddit has been broken since they allowed Russian trolls and bots to run rampant.  Any chance they're going to fix THAT issue?
> Make a template switch named TV that calls your scripts

I realize I'm replying to an old comment, but I was wondering if you could help my do something similar to the OP.

I'd like to use Emulated Hue to call scripts for on, off, and brightness.  The Emulated Hue page in the Home Assistant docs says "The virtual bridge can turn entities on/off or change the brightness of dimmable lights" but it doesn't say how to implement it, nor does it give any examples including brightness.
> I think the only thing that untuckit provides is a slightly shorter hem than average, higher pricing for pretty poor designs (also a matter of taste).

I don't disagree with you about Untuckit.  I haven't bought anything from them, and I never would, but I hope they're successful enough for major brands to take notice.

Most button down shirts are designed to be worn either way, which makes them a bit too long by design.  I wish more brands would make shirts that are specifically designed to be worn untucked so they don't have to include a bit of extra length in order for their shirts to be worn either way.
$100 for a shirt that's so long you have to pay more money at a tailor to have it shortened if you want to wear it untucked.  What a world.
> You can't wear your dress shirt untucked, but your OCBD from J. Crew is probably cut to be untucked depending on your torso length.

I disagree.

An OCBD from J. Crew is probably cut a bit shorter than a dress shirt, but it's still a bit longer than it would be if it were specifically designed to be worn untucked.

I'm 5'9", which makes me the average height of the average American man, and I'm slim, so it's not like I'm buying a large or even a medium.  I usually buy a men's small size shirt, but most tend to be a bit too long to look good untucked.  Granted, dress shirts tend to be way too long to look good untucked, but most OCBD shirts are designed to do double duty, either tucked or untucked.  And that's the problem.  They're still a bit too long - not much, but enough that they look sloppy untucked.

Whenever anybody is asking in this sub for shirts that look good untucked, the advice is always to get them tailored.  That makes sense since, excluding dress shirts, most shirts are designed to be worn either tucked or untucked.

I would be so brand loyal if I could find fitted shirts that look good untucked without having to get them tailored.

P.S.  Elsewhere in this thread you said:

> I just generally dislike gimmicky brands like untuckit.

I AGREE COMPLETELY.

Absolutely.
> Average guy: Dude, just buy a standard or a slim.

I disagree.

If a shirt is designed to be able to be tucked, it's going to be too long to look good untucked.  Too many brands try to do both, but they still end up a bit too long to look good untucked, even if you buy a slim fit.

That being said...  I've never bought anything from Untuckit.  They may have gotten the length right for wearing untucked, but their shirts look...  well...  meh.
The real story is that the "president" is compromised and Republicans in Congress are complicit.

Republicans aren't going to hold the "president" accountable until Republicans are held accountable.

Sad, but true.  Here's proof:

> “There’s two people I think Putin pays: Rohrabacher and Trump,” McCarthy said in the recording of a June 15 exchange obtained and published by the Washington Post. At that point, **House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.) cut off the conversation and swore those present to secrecy.**

[June 15th, 2016](http://www.latimes.com/politics/essential/la-pol-ca-essential-politics-updates-year-old-mccarthy-comment-that-trump-1495063901-htmlstory.html)
If I'm not mistaken, the original story told by Creed was that Moses Creed came down from the mountain with a pineapple, violet leaf, leather and ambergris, and he brought these to the people, but the people were unimpressed.

Moses returned to the mountain and said unto the Lord, *"My Lord, why have the people forsaken me?"*

And the Lord replied *"...was the pineapple a ROYAL pineapple?"*
Except when on actual cheetahs.
We call it Cadet Bone Spurs.
> Wut?

I read that as, Trump was dangling a possible job but the guy was never actually considered for it.  In other words, Trump was just stringing him along.
This doctor didn't even get Trump's height right.

Come on now.

He supposedly measured Trump as 6'3", but all you have to do is look at pictures of Trump standing next to other people whose height we know and it's instantly brutally obvious our dear leader the grand cheeto isn't 6'3".  What could be dumber than lying about something so brutally obvious?

Here's [a shot of Rump standing next to Alex Rodriguez](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DTtPsTdUMAAgszV.jpg).  Alex Rodriguez is 6'3".  CLEARLY, Rump is not.  [Here's a shot of Rump next to Jeb Bush](http://www.slate.com/content/dam/slate/blogs/the_slatest/2016/09/15/160915_SLATEST_Trump-Jeb-Height.jpg.CROP.promo-xlarge2.jpg).  Jeb is 6'3" with or without the exclamation point.  Rump sho' nuff ain't.

Here's a shot of [Rump next to Obama](https://images.thestar.com/content/dam/thestar/news/world/2017/01/20/michelle-obama-said-goodbye-with-grace-and-a-little-side-eye-mallick/uninterested.jpg.size-custom-crop.1086x0.jpg).  Obama is 6'1", yet he is slightly taller than 6'3" Rump?  Please.

Maybe you're thinking "Why does it matter?"

It matters because this doctor isn't honest.  He doesn't have the courage to stand up to Trump about things as trivial as Trump's height and weight, so how can he possibly stand up to Trump when running an agency as vast as the VA?

Please.

The doctor lied about Trump's height and weight because if he'd listed the real numbers, it would show that Trump is clinically obese, which he is.

Not only should this clown NOT be running the VA, he shouldn't have been employed by the White House since he lacked the strength of character required to do the job.
That seat was stolen and Democrats did an abysmal job of fighting back.

Republicans play dirty because they have no morals.

Democrats get walked on because they have no courage.

Republicans are worse, but both parties suck.  Democrats desperately need new leadership.
The << and >> buttons on iTunes do double duty.    
Press for previous/next track.    
Hold for REW/FF.

I'm not saying iTunes is an example of great design.  In many ways, it's a mess, but in this particular case the buttons make sense.
Perhaps, in Spain.
Wasn't that a recent question on Jeopardy?

[...yes, I believe it was.](https://www.usatoday.com/story/life/entertainthis/2018/03/28/eric-trump-answers-jeopardy-question-correctly-twitter/468081002/)
> I hope it’s all of them.

That becomes more of a Which Race than a Which Hunt...  and I'm all for it.  Go get him, Whiches.  May the best Which win!
> An AR-15 and AR-15 like weapons are not assault weapons.

[Tell that to combat veterans.](https://www.stripes.com/news/us/combat-veterans-push-for-gun-reform-this-isn-t-right-1.513590)

Weapons like the AR-15 are designed for mass murder.  They serve no other purpose.
> Take out those cities and American gun deaths compare well with the lowest rates in the world.

You're forgetting all of the massacres that happened thanks to easy access to assault weapons.  School shootings, mall shootings, the massacre in Las Vegas.

Why do you think Russia funds the NRA?  Russia funds the NRA because it's in Russia's interest to sow discord within the U.S.

EDITED to add:  Keep in mind, the reverse is also true.  Civil unrest in Russia is good for the U.S. because it keeps Russia from becoming even more of a world power, just as civil unrest and political chaos here in the U.S. diminishes the U.S. as a world power, which is bad for us but good for Russia.
Russia has no fear of armed American citizens.  A more armed military would concern them, but dumbass Americans armed to the teeth turning American cities into shooting galleries is of no concern to Russia.  In fact, it's a benefit to Russia's international interests because violence in the U.S. weakens the U.S. at home.

How is that not obvious?
Oh, hell yes.  I'd do it in a heartbeat and it would be easy.

> what are your coping strategies to avoid mental breakdown?

All I'd need is a project that I'm excited about - preferably one that can be done in measurable phases so I could plan it to fit the timeline and have measurable progress along the way.

Maybe I'd finally attempt my own version of a NaNoWriMo.

Or, maybe I'd [start over from scratch with my photography website](http://twenty200.com) by going through all of my photos and writing my own API instead of using the Flickr API.  I assume at some point Flickr will shut down or totally eff up their API and I'll have to start over anyway.
Did you notice what CNN didn't say about donations to the NRA?

They didn't mention the NRA gets a lot of money from other countries, including (and especially) Russia.

> NPR: **[Depth Of Russian Politician's Cultivation Of NRA Ties Revealed](https://www.npr.org/2018/03/01/590076949/depth-of-russian-politicians-cultivation-of-nra-ties-revealed)**

> "Russian politician Alexander Torshin said his ties to the NRA provided him access to Donald Trump — and the opportunity to serve as a foreign election observer in the United States during the 2012 election."
Are you using it with the Harmony **Companion**?  Have you figured out how to get the Home Control rocker button to work with Hue scenes?
I was coming here to ask precisely this.

The only solution is to vote the bastards out, but so many districts are gerrymandered.
Trump's Witch Hunt is actually a Which Hunt.

Which of his illegal, immoral and/or potentially treasonous offenses will be the one to bring him down?  There are so many.

Which would be the easiest to prove beyond a reasonable doubt?

Which will do the best job of helping to restore democracy in America?
The problem is that the [Companion remote](https://assets.logitech.com/assets/64812/9/harmony-companion-whole-home-remote-hub-and-app.png) has specific Home Control buttons which aren't assignable to activities.  They only work with specific "home control" devices.  The idiots at Logitech really locked down those six buttons for no reason at all.

I can control a Roku using other buttons on the Harmony Companion, but I'm specifically trying to use the Home Control buttons, especially the rocker.  It's so aggravating having six buttons that are perfect for Hue scenes & not being able to use them.
Which Harmony remote are you using?  I ask because the Companion has some specific limitations that others do not - one of which being that the rocker buttons aren't individually assignable.
> I wrote a guide up for it that I can dig out if you would like

Ooh, could you?
I used [Emulated Hue](https://www.home-assistant.io/components/emulated_hue/) to trigger HA scripts.

[This tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prnjMS1VsYA) was particularly helpful.
The downside of taking the $1,000 a week for life is inflation.

Imagine what $1,000 was worth 50 years ago.

$1,000 today was equal to $139 and change in 1968, [based on the Canadian inflation calculator](https://www.bankofcanada.ca/rates/related/inflation-calculator/).  Assuming inflation in the next 50 years is the same, not worse, than inflation during the past 50 years...  that means her $1,000 a week will have the buying power of less than $140 when she's 68, and less and less and less as she gets older.  Ouch.

So, taking the lump sum is probably a better deal IF it's invested to create a source of income.

EDIT: Clarity.
> The easiest workaround is to simply select Find from the Edit menu.

That's what I've been doing and it's obnoxious because there's no way of knowing if a website will override the Find hotkey until it does...  at which point I have to go into the menubar.

> You can also assign an alternative shortcut to it for Safari in System Preferences, perhaps ⌃⌘F.

Hhhhhmmmmm...  that has potential, because I could then use BetterTouchTool to have ⌘F in Safari do an ⌃⌘F instead, which would bring up the Find as it's supposed to be.  A clunky workaround to set up, but in use it should be consistent - assuming it works.

EDIT!  YES!!!  That's the answer.

1. Go into system prefs > keyboard > shortcuts > app shortcuts.    
Add Safari.    
The find menu title for Safari is "Find..."    
Set the hotkey for that to ⌃⌘F. 

2.  In BetterTouchTool, create a hotkey specifically for Safari.    
Shortcut ⌘F Triggers Other Keyboard Shortcut ⌃⌘F

I've tested it and it works.  THANK YOU!!!
> And here's the OG GW:

"I know the human being and fish can coexist peacefully."    
--GW (as in, George Dubya)

Who can forget The Great Fish Wars of the early 2000s.
> For 20-25 days. Is that too much? Sorry if it doesn't quality for ECaH.

Sure, it qualifies for Eat Cheap & Healthy.  That's part of what you're trying to do, right?  You shouldn't have any trouble on that budget.

> The plan is to still eat oatmeal every breakfast. I have 3 tubs of instant rolled oats. 

In the future, skip the instant and buy a bag of oatmeal instead, or buy oatmeal in bulk.  Instant oatmeal is processed in ways that make it less healthy.  If you're thinking "Yeah, but the instant is easier to make," here's a great tip for the world's easiest breakfast:

Overnight Oats!

Pour your oatmeal, water or milk, and whatever else you'd like to add in a bowl.  Stir it & then pop it in the fridge overnight.  You don't have to cook it.  The overnight soak is all you need, but if you want it warmed up for breakfast, microwave it on medium.  I use the 4 setting on my microwave (4 out of 9 power settings, with 9 being full power and 1 being like a defrost setting).  I do 4 minutes at 4 power.  It gets the oatmeal hot but doesn't boil over or make a mess at all.  Super easy!  And while my breakfast is heating up, I make another batch to stick in the fridge for the next day.

Cacao powder is awesome in oatmeal.  If you have cinnamon, toss some in too.
$113, for a month?

Oatmeal.  I buy a 5 pound bag of oatmeal for $5 and it lasts for over a month's worth of breakfasts.  I like mine with a bit of brown sugar and a tablespoon of cacao powder (cacao powder happens to be a superfood, which is a great bonus).  It's also great with a tablespoon of peanut butter.  There are so many options.
What's the alt-right nutjob take on this?  I assume Rump is infuriated.  What about the talking heads at Fox?  What about the hashtag MAGA mutts who roll over whenever they're told to?

I never imagined a day when a huge chunk of American citizens would support Russia over the rule of law here in the U.S.  It's crazy.
Plain greek yogurt and grapes.  So good.  So good!
"Facing unfriendly new map"  ...?

They should have said Facing A Fair, Non-Gerrymandered Map.
> Yup - the party of family values.

Don't forget about the evangelicals.  They're still on the Trump train.  Ask "What would Jesus do" and they're like "...who?"  If they have so little respect for their faith's values, why should I have any respect for theirs?
> But in reality with record viewers

Seriously.  I can't even remember the last time I watched 60 Minutes.
I think there's zero chance that he didn't watch it.  And the moment it was over, he started flipping to Fox for denials and CNN for commentary.
The 12-40 is an excellent lens.  Start there and you can't go wrong.

As for primes, you're more likely to get bad advice than good as people talk about their favorites.  That's fine, but the real way to decide which prime you may need is to look at which distance you most often need to shoot at.

How do you figure that out?

Go through your photo library.

The Oly 75mm is an amazing lens, but it'd be a foolish purchase if you never shoot at that focal length.  You said you're considering the 20, 25 and 45mm primes.  Which distance best suits your style of photography?  That's the one to buy if you're going to buy one.  For product photography, I'd probably rule out the 45mm, only because it's easier to shoot with wider lenses indoors unless you're working in huge spaces.

I do street photography too.  I prefer a zoom for that, partly because I shoot abstracts and details, but if I was going with a prime it'd be either the 25mm or maybe the 20.
**Santorum**

[Definition:](https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=santorum&page=2)    
The sometimes frothy, usually slimy, amalgam of lubricant, stray fecal matter, and ejaculate that leaks out of the receiving partner's anus after a session of anal intercourse.
> "You remind me of my daughter."

Meanwhile, the daughter who isn't Trump's favorite is on twitter, liking March For Our Lives.
> **In that case, the pennies would effectively act as insulation.** This isn't a matter of the pennies acting as a "heat bank" that holds all the thermal energy near the chip, it's a matter of the chip not being able to dump heat to the pennies in the first place.

That's exactly what I suspect is happening here.

The point of a heat sink **isn't** to put something metal on top of a chip to pull away heat.

The point of a heat sink is to pull away heat **and disburse it.**  That second part is key.  That second part is why heat sinks have the typical fins shape.  It's about maximum surface area to release heat and **minimum internal mass for storing heat.**  A stack of pennies has a lot of internal heat storage capacity compared to a proper heat sink because they act as one big mass for heat storage.
> so more heat would go from chip -> pennystack.

But the penny stack retains heat rather than disbursing it, which keeps more heat on the chip.
The Pen F is a digital rangefinder style camera.  Action isn't what it's good at.  Buying a Pen F for video is sort of like buying a motorcycle to haul lumber.  It's the wrong tool for the job.

I love my Pen F!  I find it to be an addictive camera for stills.  The design makes it something I want to use.  I also own a 1st gen EM1.  The EM1 fits my hand better, it's better balanced with heavier lenses and the buttons are placed better...  but I enjoy shooting with the Pen F so much more.  It's hard to explain, but the Pen F is my favorite camera I've ever owned.  It's a joy to shoot with.
My organization in LR is nested folders by date (year/month/day) plus keywords.  I do street photography.  I create a new folder for each photo walk, so having my library in folders by date makes the most sense to me.

Keywords are especially helpful since I shoot abstract-ish minimalist-ish street photography.

My keywords also [correspond to the categories on my website](http://twenty200.com/V5/browse.shtml).

Patterns.    
Stripes.    
Textures.    
Reflections.    
Abstracts.    
...etc etc etc...

My advice to you would be to think about your photography in terms of projects or sessions.  Give each one its own folder.  And use keywords like tags to keep track of photos across projects.
This seems like a bad idea.  Those pennies aren't drawing heat away from the Pi.  They're collecting it and holding onto it, which actually keeps more heat on the Pi.

The issue here isn't what the pennies are made of.  The issue is a lack of grooves to create more surface area to draw heat away from the chip, allowing it to dissipate.  What you've created is the opposite.  You've created a hunk of metal that makes it harder for the heat to escape.  Instead of drawing it away from the chip, you've made a heat bank that stores heat.
> [Heeeeere's Johnny! (Bolton finds his WMD)](https://i.imgur.com/n8EICXg.jpg)

Wow.  That's brutal.  It's also totally on the mark.
The tariffs are more about Trump's need to feel like a strongman, and they're probably about appealing to his base.  That being said...  will any of us be surprised if we learn about insider trading among Trump's inner circle?
Wait...  the Trump team did this?  That's fantastic, but it sure seems odd for the Pats.
Actually, the higher up you go in a building, the quieter the city noise gets since most of that noise is coming from the street.

I lived on the 19th story of a highrise in downtown Dallas years ago.  My first morning in my new place, I was weirded out by how quiet it was.  When I opened my windows. I could hear the city below, but it sounded surprisingly distant...  but then again, that makes sense since I was 19 stories above it all.  The real shocker came when I went to work that morning.  I'd heard police sirens off and on that morning, and I remember thinking "Damn, this city must be more dangerous than I thought." When I took the elevator down to the lobby, as soon as the doors opened, there were flashing lights everywhere.  It wasn't police cars that I'd heard.  It was firetrucks, and they were lining the street along my block.

My building had been on fire, but due to the way it was constructed, they only had to evacuate the floor the fire was on plus the floor directly above and below it.
You're welcome!

I don't ever recommend blind buying, but you can find small bottles online for next to nothing, so there's very little risk.  Cheers!
C Tables are fantastic.

I keep mine at the end of my couch, with the vertical bars against the couch so it almost looks like the table top is floating, and I have a stack of around 20 books stacked up underneath it.

[Room & Board](https://www.roomandboard.com/catalog/living/end-tables/parsons-c-table) makes some really nice ones.  Lots of places do.

Make sure you [don't get one like this](https://www.westelm.com/products/box-frame-c-side-table-raw-mango-white-h1773/?pkey=ccoffee-side-tables%7Cside-tables&isx=0.1).  See how there are bars all the way around the bottom?  That would prevent you from sliding it out if you stack stuff underneath it unless you first move that stuff out of the way...  which would grow old fast.
> I work from home and use that couch and the little blue tables as my work chair/desk.

You might want to consider getting a [C Table](https://www.worldmarket.com/product/alemeda-laptop-table.do?sortby=ourPicksAscend&from=fn).  C Tables are awesome for pulling double-duty as a desk or an end table.  I especially like C Tables that don't have a bottom bar along the back, like the one I linked, because you can put it up against the side of a couch or against a wall and then stack books underneath it.  That looks really good, and since there's no bottom bar along the back, you can slide the table out, around whatever is underneath it, whenever you want to use it as a table.
No.  That's the women's version.

I was talking about [this one](https://www.fragrantica.com/perfume/Liz-Claiborne/Curve-for-Men-1778.html).
You might want to broaden your research.  It would be worth knowing what else the president, executive branch, and/or congress could suspend during a war.  Freedom of the press?  Freedom of speech?  ...?
Interestingly...  aren't Republicans on the Hill trying to get rid of the Logan Act?
To be fair though...  Santa's gotta protect his workshop somehow.  He makes what, a couple billion toys a year?  No wonder Toys R' Us is going out of business.  Santa's been giving that shit away for ages.
He'd want to bomb it.
My theory on Trump hiring Bolton:

Mueller sent that list of questions to Trump's lawyers.  Trump knows he can't answer those questions without committing perjury or proving his guilt...  but he thinks there's no way congress would impeach a president while the country is at war.  And John Bolton would advocate going to war against any country.

Iran?  *WAR!*    
North Korea?  *WAR!*    
Syria?  *WAR!*    
"A ham sandwich?"  *WAR!*  "No, John, I'm ordering lunch."  *WAR!!!  WE WILL BOMB YOUR HAM SANDWICH BACK TO THE STONE AGE!!!*

Did that warmonger ever actually fight in a war?  Of course not.  He got out of serving in Vietnam.

> "I confess I had no desire to die in a Southeast Asian rice paddy. I considered the war in Vietnam already lost."
> -John Bolton

Trump thinks he needs a war and Bolton is the guy to get him one.
I think Fierce smells younger than Curve (but also good).  They both fit the same purpose (versatile casual), so yeah, if you have one you certainly don't need the other.  Then again, none of us 'need' any of this stuff.
> I had curve but I thought it smells like a cheap synthetic version of fierce/legend... 

I think Legend smells like a cheap synthetic version of Curve (especially due to its fake woods.  Legend with a smooth woody base would be great, but that's not what it is, sadly).

> what is it about curve?

I think it's a few things.

The fruity/citrus part of Curve is an obvious winner, which is why that combo has been used in so many other scents.  Legend, Fierce, Sauvage...  many others.  It smells good in a very mass appeal way.

But I think the base of Curve is what makes it something women tend to enjoy on men.  After the fruity/citrus notes wear off, you're left with cozy musky skin scent.

I honestly think if Curve had been released by a different house it would still sell for full price today at places like Macy's, Sephora and Nordstrom.  The people at Claiborne are idiots.  As soon as they realized they had a hit on their hands, they started cranking out a pile of cheap flankers for quick cash.  They flooded the market and pushed Curve into the discount bin.  The whole Claiborne name ended up meaning cheap.

The great thing about fragrances is that people can't see what you're wearing.  They can only judge by smell.  Through the years I've gotten so many compliments on Curve...  from women in their 20s, 30s, 40s, maybe even older.  It's always funny if I get asked what I'm wearing and I say Curve.  The response is usually something like "Curve?  Really?  That's Curve?"  Once Claiborne taught people their products were cheap, people associated anything they made as being cheap.  Here's the thing: everybody loves a bargain but nobody likes cheap.  It's the difference between "My friend John finds the best bargains" and "My friend John is cheap."

Curve is the ultimate bargain.
> Creed Aventus: I love it and its a great scent, but it didnt give me the results I wanted.

I've owned Aventus since 2012.  I've gotten zero compliments on it from women.  In fact, the best feedback I ever got from a woman was "It's ok, I guess."  I enjoy it and I wear it for myself, but when I want to smell good for someone else, like a date, I always always always wear something else.  It's funny, really.  Aventus is the only thing I've ever worn that has gotten me compliments from guys!  I'm straight, so appealing to other dudes does me no good.

My most complimented list would be:

1725    
Reflection Man    
Hanae Mori HM    
Royal Oud    
Prada L'Homme    
And last but not least, Curve.  Yes, CURVE.

Castile by Penhaligon's should probably make the list too.  It's so soapy and clean.  I never think of wearing it on dates, but the feedback I've gotten on it from women has been extremely positive.  I love the stuff, quite frankly.
-110 on Saturday?    
88 on Monday?

What the hell app is giving you such bad info?    
EDIT: Never mind.  It's Dark Sky.  And it's way off.
Perhaps someone from...  dare I say it...  Goose Hollow?
> fuck geese

I sure hope you didn't mean that literally.
There are plenty of people who want to punch Nunes.  I'd rather see him get locked up than beaten up.
Thanks!  That was really helpful.
That's a false title and a false narrative.

This clown was so ashamed that **he kept working there until his contract expired**, at which point he didn't renew it.  He was so ashamed that he kept being a shill for Fox News, cashing their checks and doing their bidding until his contract expired.

Ooh, how brave.

How very very brave.
I'm almost disappointed the word Lordy isn't in the title of his book.

**Lordy, I'd Hoped There Were Tapes**
The main flaw is that if you want a sandwich, you have to wait for the train to arrive, and by the time they're done making your food you may find yourself in a different part of town.

Then again...  maybe that's not a bad thing.
1. Castile by Penhaligon's
2. 1725 by Histoires De Parfums
3. Aqua Universalis by MFK
4. Royal Oud by Creed
5. Hanae Mori H.M. EDT...  because it's good to have something fun in the list, and the fact that it's a cheap gem is a bonus.

Honorable mention: Prada L'Homme
Once you've had a leather case, after a bit of use, anything else will feel cheap.  If you've ever owned a decent leather wallet, you already know what I mean.
ITT: *"Let's post on Reddit about deleting FACEBOOK for a data leak while we ignore Reddit's state-sponsored Russian trolls."*

I have no doubts that Facebook is dirty, but let's not forget that Reddit is complicit in Russia's meddling in our elections, including the upcoming 2018 election - and probably elections for 2020 and beyond.

> **Reddit admits Russian trolls got into website during 2016 presidential election**

> [*The Washington Times - Tuesday, March 6, 2018*](https://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2018/mar/6/reddit-admits-russian-trolls-got-into-website-duri/)

> Reddit, the social media platform that has spawned some of the country’s most outrageous political conspiracy theories, has admitted its websites were penetrated during the 2016 U.S. presidential election by Russia.

> According to an investigation by The Daily Beast, Russia’s notorious social media troll farm, the St. Petersburg-based Internet Research Agency (IRA), distorted political debate on Reddit.

> Last month, the IRA was depicted as the centerpiece of special counsel Robert Mueller indictment of 13 Russians for interfering in the 2016 election.

And it's still happening.

Hey, I'm in favor of taking action against Facebook, though I'd recommend an organized nationwide blackout first, where we protest by not using the site for a given day - or week or even month.  I think that would be more effective than deleting accounts simply because more people would be likely to do it.

But we shouldn't be so quick to let Reddit off the hook either.  Let's be honest here.
Lordy I hope there are cranes.
Wasn't that an episode of Frasier?  In a sense, wasn't that almost every episode of Frasier?
EXACTLY.

But he still caved on so many things, even after being diagnosed with terminal cancer.

He's still the same man who thought Sarah Palin was the right choice for vice president.  He's still the same man.
Exactly.

"Stop!  Or I'll do nothing as I continue to tow the party line!"

When Mueller finally releases his findings, if Trump is found to have colluded with Russia, every member of congress who knew but did nothing should be removed from office.
And for the second time, there are no consequences.

When this is all said and done, there had better be a line of Rs behind bars.

Rs behind bars!
> Say it with me, Republicans: "WILL be allowed..."

...or what?

It's all just more empty words if they don't include consequences.  What needs to be said is "If Robert Mueller is interfered with or fired by the president, I will immediately introduce articles of impeachment."
"Mueller must be allowed to finish investigation unimpeded!  And if Mueller is fired, we will do nothing."

-- GOP
How has your comment not gotten a bajillion upvotes?

HBO needs to bring back The Wire for season 6, in D.C.

Instead of Omar Little, we get to follow Hands, Little.
Apparently, you've forgotten who he chose to be his running mate when he ran for president, not to mention Trump cabinet appointments he wasn't concerned about enough to vote against.

John McCain only has a conscience when it's convenient for him.
We have to assume that everyone involved with the White House in any capacity is keeping memos to document everything...  because if they're not, they're idiots.
> Why is everyone so convinced she is not also a piece of shit?

I'm sure she is.  So what?  Let the trash take out the trash.
> Maybe that's a self-serving comment, maybe not.

It is.  They're lying because they're embarrassed.  And they should be embarrassed.

People have been having that same revisionist history with their friendships with Trump, pretending to act surprised that he's a racist piece of trash.  David Letterman flat-out called Trump racist on TV back in 2012.  It was well known.  And I have no doubt that Jr's friends have known for a long time that he's trash.  Hell, that's probably why they're friends with him.
I've had Mint SIM for almost a year on my iPhone 6 Plus.  Signing up with them was a hassle if I recall correctly, but once I got that worked out, everything worked perfectly..  I can't remember what went wrong, but there was an issue porting my number.  Anyway...  that issue was easily solved - so easily, in fact, that I don't even remember what went wrong exactly, and it might have been my previous carrier's fault...?

I'm planning on sticking with Mint SIM for another year if not longer.  I've had no problems and the savings are fantastic.
Roll 212.

Cramer is right, but he was part of the problem that led to the crash in 2008.  Other than getting a shellacking from John Stewart, he paid no price.
> Get these morally bankrupt fuckers out of office.

There are too many morally bankrupt fuckers voting to keep them IN OFFICE.
I now have 20,000 Raspberry Pis?  I guess it's time to start mining cryptos.  Or something.  Oof.  My electric bill is gonna jump.
Ooh, thanks for sharing this!  I've been planning on doing something similar using multiple scenes and a script to detect sunset, etc.  Kelvin might be a heck of a lot better.

I've only glanced through the app's page, but it looks brilliant.
The city so nice, they'd leave it twice?
Thanks!  I'm a huge fan of Flirc.  [I'm using it](https://www.flickr.com/photos/jalpuna/33767639660/in/dateposted-public/) with two old Apple remotes.  [I have a white one for Hue and a silver one for iTunes and the audio volume](https://www.flickr.com/photos/jalpuna/34153042585/in/dateposted-public/).  If I have company, it's so easy to explain "The white one controls the lights and the silver one controls the music."
I'm the wrong person to ask.

I repurposed an old [white Apple Remote](https://www.amazon.com/Apple-Remote-Control-Discontinued-Manufacturer/dp/B000BAAM1G) to control my Hue lights.

Up & Down increase/decrease the brightness.

Right & Left increase/decrease the saturation.

Play acts like an on/off toggle for all of my lights, with "On" setting my lights to a specific Bright scene.

Menu cycles through the other scenes I sometimes use, using if/then statements.    
If the scene is Bright, set the scene to TV.    
If the scene is TV, set the scene to Ambiance.    
If the scene is Ambiance, set the scene to Mood.    
If the scene is Mood, set the scene to Bright.    

And I set up a catch-all for the menu button so that if the lights were off or set to anything else, the first press sets the scene to the Bright scene...  just in case.

I accomplished this using a [Flirc usb IR receiver](http://flirc.tv) and some Applescripts.  Flirc is fantastic.  You teach it IR codes from any remote and tell it what key presses you want it to do when it receives that code.  Your Mac/PC/Pi sees Flirc as a keyboard.  So...  when you press a button on your remote, Flirc sends your Mac/PC/Pi a hotkey.  It's awesome.

Needless to say...  I love Hue!  I realize there's now a small remote for Hue, but I've had my setup going since 2013.
> Can these guys be investigated after the House changes hands?

I've been wondering since this whole charade began if Nunes is being paid off.
> The two most reliable ways I've automated my harmony are using either Home Assistant or OpenHAB. But this may well be overkill in your case.

I'm guessing it will be overkill...  but I'm already running one Pi with Volumio & Flirc plus a TON of TriggerHappy scripts (to turn remote IR codes into hotkeys that trigger scripts), and I have a second Pi that's sitting unused...  though I'd rather install Home Assistant on the Pi that's already running if possible.
Ouch.
> Can that not do it?

I've never used Home Assistant before, so I don't know what options it has or how to trigger them.  That's why I'm asking.
Sure, but could he feed his ego?
That's an amazing deal on an amazing lens.  I paid $800 for mine and thought *THAT* was a deal!  ...granted, I bought mine back in 2013.
I bet everything smells like teen spirit too.
They're real and they're spectacular.
Is anyone here a marine biologist?
Karma karma karma karma karma chameleon dogs.
> I'm pretty sure that's incorrect.

I'm absolutely sure that *is* correct.

If you ask 50 people what niche means, you're likely to get 50 different answers.

The term "niche" means a small or specialized segment of a market.  TV shows for tweens, magazines for people who DIY with Raspberry Pi, dentists who work with children that have special needs, etc.

In perfumery, there is no technical definition for what niche means.

Some say niche means a house only makes perfume.  Gendarme only makes perfume.  Are they niche?  Most people would say no since Gendarme is affordable and available at places like Nordstrom.  What about Al Rehab?  You can buy a bottle of Al Rehab Silver for less than $10.  Is that niche?

Some say niche means a perfume is priced higher than designers.  That's snobbery and it's dumb.  Terre d'Hermes Parfum sells for $135.  Is that niche?

Some say niche means a perfume isn't sold at the mall.  That's snobbery too, and it's wrong.  By Killian is at Nordstrom.  Histoires de Parfums is at Sephora.  Are they designers now?

And what about houses like Chanel, Dior and Tom Ford that have separate lines?  Are Tom Ford Private Blends designer?  Is Bois d'Argent designer?  Other than the fact that it's expensive, what makes it niche?

The term niche has no defined meaning in perfumery.  It's just a vague term people get hung up on because they like feeling important, as if their favorites are somehow better because of the word niche.  It's dumb.

Don't get me wrong...  I love lots of scents people call niche.  Royal Oud, 1725, Aqua Universalis...  I could rattle off a long list.  I don't care if something is designer or niche.  If it smells fantastic, that's what I care about.

You're better off if you ignore terms like designer and niche.  Smell with your nose, not your eyes.
> In this day and age being gay isn't something to be ashamed of.

Agreed, but it's the bigger issue since people get discriminated against because of it.

I assume you're straight (based on your comment).  I'm straight too.  Neither of us can pretend to know what it's like to get discriminated against due to being straight.  It doesn't happen - and if it did happen even once to one person, dudes would be rioting in the streets in protest.  But discrimination happens to gays all the time.
> But it would be so much fun to read.

Fun to read?  Trump-speak is painful to read.

> *“Look, having nuclear—my uncle was a great professor and scientist and engineer, Dr. John Trump at MIT; good genes, very good genes, OK, very smart, the Wharton School of Finance, very good, very smart —you know, if you’re a conservative Republican, if I were a liberal, if, like, OK, if I ran as a liberal Democrat, they would say I’m one of the smartest people anywhere in the world—it’s true!—but when you’re a conservative Republican they try—oh, do they do a number—that’s why I always start off: Went to Wharton, was a good student, went there, went there, did this, built a fortune—you know I have to give my like credentials all the time, because we’re a little disadvantaged—but you look at the nuclear deal, the thing that really bothers me—it would have been so easy, and it’s not as important as these lives are (nuclear is powerful; my uncle explained that to me many, many years ago, the power and that was 35 years ago; he would explain the power of what’s going to happen and he was right—who would have thought?), but when you look at what’s going on with the four prisoners—now it used to be three, now it’s four—but when it was three and even now, I would have said it’s all in the messenger; fellas, and it is fellas because, you know, they don’t, they haven’t figured that the women are smarter right now than the men, so, you know, it’s gonna take them about another 150 years—but the Persians are great negotiators, the Iranians are great negotiators, so, and they, they just killed, they just killed us.”*

> --Donald J(ackass) Trump
Awesome.

I've often wondered about moving to a small town on the Oregon coast to force myself to dive into writing a novel.  I probably won't do that, but it's fun to ponder the thought.

Best of luck to you!
...including splinters.  Ouuuuch.
Well...  maybe.  Geez, whatever mic she's singing into did a bad job.  I really hear a very slight popping P, not a D...  as if she's right up on that mic and it's popping from the slightest p.

I hear "Not what appeah...  not what appeah...  not what appeah..  not what appeah."

It's a great song.  I just wish that looped line was understandable.
> Totally agree about the absurdity of using other tools to extend functionality in order to achieve what should be native anyway.

Yeah...  sigh.

I've been using various tools for home automation for years.  I was hoping Harmony would tie them all together.  In the end, I'm pretty sure it will, but I have some more wrangling to do.
> What ever happened with that porn start saying she could now divulge all the details since the lawyer had broken the NDA?

Perhaps she got even more hush money.
Ah, that explains it.  They're already at some Nordstrom stores.

> Can it still be considered niche if owned by EL? Does the product or the manufacturing make something niche?

There isn't really a technical definition of Niche.  It means different things to different people, and my advice is not to even worry about it.  If it smells good, it is good, regardless of whether people call it designer or niche.
> Starts with a K and ends with N!

Actually, it starts with a B.  The name is *By Kilian.*  They seem to be making inroads into more stores.  I've seen By Kilian at Nordstrom too.
I like the ceiling sex beams.

...wait.  Maybe that's the exception that proves the rule?
*["Curiosity Skilled The Gnat"](https://www.flickr.com/photos/jalpuna/14315534619/in/album-72157628643108589/)*

It's certainly not my best, but it's definitely an example of what I do.

Lines?  Check.    
Patterns?  Check.    
Reflections?  Check.    
A photo that has no context?  Check.    
A title that has nothing to do with the subject of the photo?  Check.
> Honestly, I'm really surprised and disappointed by how much Harmony sucks, given the multitude of glowing reviews from "power users" out there.

I suspect that the Harmony user base *mostly* falls into two categories:  The gadget lover crowd who don't mind the things it can't do since they're kind of already used to stuff not working quite right.  And the For Dummies crowd who wouldn't be able to figure out complex remotes anyway.  Harmony probably suits both of those crowds well.  But for DIY-ers, Harmony offers too many limitations and excuses.  It's a shame, really, because the system has a lot going for it.

I also suspect that the Elite can program the Home Control buttons in ways the Companion can't, so Elite owners don't have the problems Companion owners do.

I'm starting to see potential for the Companion to suit my needs (I've owned it for a week and fought fought fought with it).

For me, the trick has been to install and reconfigure some stuff on my Raspberry Pi.

[HA Bridge](https://github.com/bwssytems/ha-bridge) - this will let me install Hue scenes to the Companion Home Control buttons by tricking Harmony into thinking I own more bulbs than I do.  HA Bridge creates software-only bulbs that Harmony sees which execute commands when triggered.   Let's say I create a soft-bulb in HA Bridge and name it "Ambiance."  HA Bridge lets me assign 3 different actions for Ambiance: On, Off, and Dim.  ON turns on my ambiance scene in Hue.  OFF turns all of my lights off in Hue, and once I figure out how to configure it, Dim will pass along the Up or Down rocker brightness setting from my Harmony remote to all of my lights.  That one has me baffled but I'm 99% sure I'll figure it out.

I created 4 soft-bulbs for HA Bridge.  One for each of the 4 Home Control buttons.

It's crazy that I need a Raspberry Pi and a utility like HA Bridge to give Harmony functionality it should have had out of the box, dammit, but I already owned a Raspberry Pi and Ha Bridge is free...  so, it only cost me my time and my patience.
> TLDR: voice control is no substitute for button control.

THIS.

I'm trying to figure out how to add Hue scenes to the Companion remote too, and it's pretty frustrating.

I'm more surprised by how much these remotes CAN'T do than what they can.  The limitations seem endless.

There's no way to assign Hue scenes to buttons even though you can assign them to trigger when you launch an activity.  Home Control buttons?  Nope.  Activity Control buttons?  Nope.  This smart remote is so dumb.

Even worse, there's no way to assign buttons to a device without first assigning them to an activity, which means you can't ever just push a button to do something even if the device the button controls is always on.  You have to first press an activity button, no matter what.

Here's a for instance: I'd like to assign the 4 dash color buttons to a device that's always on and will be used with any activity or with no damn activity at all - I want the 4 buttons to always work, no matter what.  A $10 universal remote can do that but a $150 remote can't?!?

I can assign the same functions for the buttons to all activities on the Companion, and that's what I've done.  But the buttons stop working if I press the OFF button even though those buttons are for a device that never turns off.

Let's say I go to bed, so I press OFF to turn my TV & stereo etc off.  The next day, when I pick up the remote, those 4 buttons don't work unless I first choose an activity.  It's obnoxious.

It's not as obnoxious as how pressing OFF a second time turns a TV on and leaves it on until you go back into activities and turn it on and then turn it off again.  That's a frigging mess.  That ignorant behavior is an undocumented (or, at least poorly documented) help feature which isn't helpful at all since the only thing it does is turns your TV on and leave it on for no apparent reason.
Here we go.  I've been saying for over a year that we'll start seeing Russian-style disappearances and executions of witnesses as Putin and Rump cover their tracks.

If Manafort gets out of custody for even a moment - perhaps when Rump gives him a pardon - he's going to flee the country and go into hiding.  I won't be surprised if Kushner ends up in hiding too, especially once Rump turns on him.

Reservoir Drumpfs.  It's only getting started.
If China's economy crashes, aren't we (in the U.S.) fucked?

A: They're the ones buying our debt, and if they need us to repay it...  we can't.

And B: Wouldn't a huge crash in China (*Yuuuge crash in GYNA*) lead to a worldwide recession?
> white lies

Alt-White lies for the Alt-Right guys.
> Was going to make him raise the price of pizza twelve cents to insure his employees.

Actually, wasn't his first statement a threat to cut employee hours if Obamacare passed?  FUCK THAT GUY.  You couldn't pay me to eat Papa John's Pizza.  I don't care what business somebody runs, if they don't care about their employees, they don't get my money.
As luck would have it, I'm on their github page as we speak.  HA-Bridge could fit my needs perfectly if I can assign HA-Bridge fake bulbs (or whatever you'd call them) specifically to the Harmony Companion *Home Control* bulb and plug buttons.

I'm currently using my Pi for Volumio and the TriggerHappy hotkey daemon, but I assume HA-Bridge won't conflict with either of those...  and, hell, if it does I could always just buy another Pi specifically for HA-Bridge, but I doubt I'll have to.
Cadet Bone Spurs to the rescue!!!
**The Cheeto Brandito!**

Orange juice & brandy, topped off with the dust from crushed Cheetos.

Edited to add: it is absolutely essential that the Cheetos are crushed.  Muhfuggin' CRUSHED.  Nothing less will do.
We desperately need someone like Howard Dean to be the DNC chairman again.  My god, the DNC has such poor leadership these days.  Come to think of it...  has the DNC had great leadership since Dean?  Yikes.
> **“There’s two people I think Putin pays: Rohrabacher and Trump,”** McCarthy said in the recording of a June 15 [2016] exchange obtained and published by the Washington Post. At that point, House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.) cut off the conversation and swore those present to secrecy.

[That's why.](http://www.latimes.com/politics/essential/la-pol-ca-essential-politics-updates-year-old-mccarthy-comment-that-trump-1495063901-htmlstory.html)

Republicans have known for well over a year and a half and done nothing.  They're complicit.  Anything for power.  Literally anything, including being complicit (and sometimes directly implicit) in Russian collusion.
Benghazi '16
I've said it before and I'll say it again.  I won't be surprised if Kushner flees the country and goes into hiding at some point.  Manafort certainly will if he gets even a moment out of custody.  I assume his end game plan is to wait for a pardon from Rump, and the moment he's out of custody, even if only for a moment, he's going to run and go into hiding.

I also won't be surprised if we start seeing Russian-style executions of potential witnesses agains Rump & Co.

All of this is going to get uglier than anything we've seen in modern American history.
I didn't own a Harmony remote at the time.  I did just buy one last week though, but I haven't received it yet.  It's shipping.

Also, I already have a Raspberry Pi in my living room entertainment center as a way to stream iTunes (and other audio) from my Mac and as a DAC (digital audio converter).  At some point, I may switch the scripts over to the Harmony remote, if that works better.  It might not though, since the Mac isn't in the living room.
> What are the odds Manafort doesn't flip on Trump and he takes the charges knowing he'll get a pardon?

He's not going to flip.  If he flips, he wouldn't get a pardon.

My guess is that Manafort is waiting for a pardon, and the first chance he gets, he's going to flee the country and go into hiding in order to avoid all of the other cases that could be brought against him - especially those by the state of New York, which wouldn't be covered in a pardon from Rump.
> polonium tea

What a great band name.  Or should it be Polonium T?
> This thread is making me nostalgic for a time period that's not even over yet.

Trust me, it's over.  We're closing in on the beginning of whatever comes next, but we're too close to it to know what it is yet.
Triggers!

I turned the Workflow widget into a remote control for stuff on my Mac.  Here's how:

On my Mac, I made Applescripts to do various things.  For example: stream a playlist to my stereo (make sure the Wemo connected to my powered speakers is switched on, make sure Airfoil is set to stream iTunes to my Raspberry Pi, make sure iTunes is set to shuffle and then play a specific iTunes playlist.  That's all one Applescript).

On my Mac, in my Dropbox folder, I created a folder for each of the things I'd made Applescripts to do (these folders are all nested within one folder to keep it tidy).  Those folders are Watched Folders, meaning, Mac OS automatically executes the Applescript when a file is added to the folder (and part of the Applescript includes a line to delete any files in the folder older than a week.  This keeps the folders from ending up with tons of text files).

Finally, I made workflows that create mostly empty text files in those trigger folders.  The files just have a name and a date, not that it matters.

So...  Workflow creates the file in my Dropbox.  My Mac sees that file and runs a corresponding Applescript.  I set this up months ago and it's been flawless.

My Workflow widget has buttons to trigger specific playlists, turn off my speakers, turn the volume on them up & down, etc etc etc.
He fired his lawyer?  ...but his case was going so well.

/s
I'm convinced that on one of Kushner's trips abroad, he's going to flee and go into hiding.  At some point, I suspect lots of Trump's co-conspirators will.

It's just a matter of time.
A **Flirc** USB IR receiver will do what you want and then some.  Yes, it's USB, but whatever device you plug it into will have an IP address, so you're set.

I'm using a Flirc with a Raspberry Pi and a cheap Sony universal remote, and it's fantastic.  I bought a Harmony Companion and am waiting for it to be delivered, but I know it will work.  I'm not using domoticz though.  I'm using the TriggerHappy daemon to turn the hotkeys into commands (Flirc turns IR codes into whatever hotkeys you set up, and like I said, I'm using TriggerHappy to turn those hotkeys into commands.

For example: when I press the VCR button on my universal remote, Flirc sends a hotkey to the Pi.  TriggerHappy receives that hotkey and executes a command that tells my Mac to run an Applescript that turns on the Wemo connected to my powered speakers, switch iTunes to streaming, and it lights the Blink(1) USB LED yellow to let me know the speakers are on and what they're controlling.  It sounds complicated, but it all runs flawlessly.

I plan on assigning the music/notes button on my Harmony Companion to control all of the stuff I've assigned to my Pi using Flirc.
That reads like it was written by a middle schooler.
Oh, no...  don't worry about it at all.  The shape is perfect.  Too many people use oversized rectangle coffee tables that eat up the whole room.  I can't even remember how many pictures I've seen in this sub where it looks like people have to work to get around the coffee table to get to the couch.  I don't get it.  Rounded corners are so much better.  Ovals can be fantastic.  The shape of your coffee table is perfect for this space.
This is a step in the right direction.

If anybody has a list of companies that support the NRA, it'd be great to post them along with links to contact them.  I will gladly make calls and share the links & contact info.  I'm sure others would too.

EDIT:  Here's a great place to start.  "[The NRA is being supported by these companies](https://thinkprogress.org/corporations-nra-f0d8074f2ca7/)"

Or, how about on the NRA's own website:  
[Friends of NRA Sponsors](http://www.friendsofnra.org/corporate-sponsors.aspx)  
[Friends of NRA Industry Supporters](http://www.friendsofnra.org/IndustrySupporters.aspx)
How long do you think it'll be before North Korea figures out that if they meddle in U.S. elections to keep Republicans in power, Republicans will support them?

If that seems crazy, think about how crazy it would have been to suggest in 2012 that Republicans will become Putin's puppets?  Twitter kicked off Russian bots and conservatives here are furious.  How in the hell did it come to this?  The answer is easy.  Conservatives in the U.S. are loyal to their party over their country, even when their country is under cyber-attack from a hostile foreign power.

Russia has pretty much taught the world how to undo U.S. democracy.  Fund the NRA and commit cyber warfare to assist Republicans.  Surely, some other countries will try to do the same thing.
> "Russia, if you're listening..."

There is no depth down to which Republicans will not stoop.
> You can’t pay someone not to talk to Mueller.

I'm saying, he's being paid to not tell his story to the press or to voluntarily go to the authorities.  If he gets a subpoena from Mueller, he'll talk.  And that's exactly what I hope happens next.
Jesus.  $180,000 a year?  I wonder what he's being paid to not talk about.  And I wonder how long it'll last.

*Mueller?  ...Mueller?  ...Mueller?*
> "are you fucking eating?"

"Yes. I am doing both of those things...  but YOU'RE only doing ONE!!!  AHAHAHAHAAA!!!"  Crumch pump crunch pump CRUNCH.
...especially if you're getting a root canal.  Oof.
> Like Trading Places (movie)

*I had the most absurd nightmare. I was poor and no one liked me. I lost my job, I lost my house, Penelope hated me and it was all because of these terrible, awful Jets!*
I hope Cousins is willing to pass on whatever it takes to not end up there.

I want to be able to root for The Jets, but The Jets make that damn near impossible.
To be fair...  Roethlisberger was so injured he could barely move that game.
...fuck
Motherfucker.
This looks fantastic.

The light shade of wood in the bed, end tables and chair really pops, as do the white curtains and white stripes in the blanket...  and the lamp...  and the black ceiling fan...  it all comes together so well.

You might want to consider painting the white shelves black to play against the white wall.  But then again, maybe not.
True, but Rump is trying to put his own people in the FBI and Judicial branch - and - Putin's people have a lot of expertise in assassinations.

I will not be surprised at all if Manafort ends up escaping or dead.  I'll be very suspicious if Manafort supposedly commits suicide.
I doubt Manafort is even hoping for a pardon at this point.  I can't help thinking he's going to flee the country the first chance he gets.  What other plan could he possibly have?

Even if Rump pardons him, [he's still going to end up behind bars once New York state attorneys get to him](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/10/30/business/trump-manafort-pardon-new-york-state-vance.html).

He's going to flee.  I can already imagine an OJ style slow-mo-Bronco chase.  Either that, or he'll be killed Putin-style before he gets the chance to testify against Rump.
Manafort?  
Man he's fucked.
Are you still having problems with Geektool on MacOS High Sierra?  Or, have you moved on to using something else?  ...and if so, what?
The guy who asked Russia to meddle in the election, at a rally he knew was being broadcast worldwide on TV (*"Russia, if you're listening..."*) says Russia didn't meddle in the election.

Got it.
I agree completely...  The optics are now worse, but the chances of seeing consequences are still low.  It doesn't matter how bad it looks if Republicans aren't willing to - or are to scared to - do anything about it.

I'm not convinced firing Mueller would get Republicans to impeach him.  They're scared to death of the 35% that supports Trump.  If you think about the math, it makes sense.  Any Republican who votes for impeachment would face an alt-right challenger in the next election.  Even if he or she could survive the primary, they'd probably lose in the general election by having turned against a yuuuuge chunk of Republican voters.
> "It is now absolutely impossible for the president* to fire either Rosenstein or Mueller without the worst possible political consequences."

Apparently, somebody at Esquire forgot that the Senate and the House are both controlled by Republicans - the same Republicans who did nothing when Trump refused to impose sanctions against Russia.
Wow.

You're not kidding.  That literally made me gasp.
I kinda wish that hand had been drawn open, really going for the grab.
> [Paper Towels](https://imgur.com/a/dWNlT)

Wow.  That one was really on the mark.
Thanks for this!  Mine was already set to Off, but it's still a good reminder as I forgot this feature even exists.
I love that Mueller dropped this news at the beginning of President's Day weekend.
Still, on a day like this in a situation like this...  it just seems inappropriate.  Unless of course, the person using the nickname is one of his friends or close colleagues.
> Bobby Three-sticks

Good grief.  His name is Robert Mueller.
I can't even imagine how fucked Manafort is.  I have to assume he's got some back-channel contact with Trump, and he's holding out for the pardon somebody assured him he'll get, at which point he'll flee the country to avoid any other state prosecutions.

He's so fucked that *so fucked* doesn't even begin to describe it.
Love it!   ...especially in black & white.
Where are those hands from?  They're great!
This whole album is better than most people probably remember it being - especially the end.

[I Want You](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4O94icUAfgM) is great, but my favorite is probably [Motorcycle Drive By](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Od3B3tZAj-c).
I'm using [Airfoil](https://rogueamoeba.com/airfoil/) for this and it's great.

EDIT:  Oops.  I read that as external speakers.  Still, Airfoil might do the job for you.
In other words:

Teams that make their way down the field more times win more games.

13 points = down the field 3 times: 1 TD & 2 Field Goals.  
14 points = down the field 2 times: 2 TDs.

20 points = down the field 4 times: 2 TDs & 2 Field Goals.  
21 points = down the field 3 times: 3 TDs.

Etc.
In theory, the new Lightroom Classic CC is faster under the hood, so to speak, than Lightroom CC was.  I suppose it does feel a bit snappier.
Adobe is such a bunch of idiots.  What a mess they've made here.  It's easy to be confused.

Lightroom no longer exists in Adobe's lineup.

Lightroom Classic CC is what used to be Lightroom CC which is what used to be Lightroom.  Stupid stupid stupid naming scheme.  This is the Lightroom on your Mac that uses photos on your hard drive.  This is the one I use and the one I'd recommend.

Lightroom CC is a brand new product that is an online app using your photos in the cloud, not on your hard drive, and it doesn't have the full functionality of the horrendously named Lightroom Classic CC.  I assume this is the direction Adobe wants to go in the future in order to charge people for storage space in their cloud.

The whole CC thing is dumb dumb, and renaming Lightroom to Lightroom CC and then renaming it again to Lightroom Classic CC so they can replace it with a less functional app called Lightroom CC is inexplicably dumb.

Adobe seems to love making things more confusing than they need to be.
Yes, it's risky.

Would you buy a year's worth of some kind of food you've never tried?

Buy samples.
They're too busy with thoughts and prayers to actually do anything.

Thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and prayers and thoughts and and and...

...and nothing else.

Just empty thoughts and meaningless prayers with zero action while cashing as many checks from the NRA as possible.
Normally, I'd agree, but not when it comes to spam.
Happy Valentines Day, Cadet Bone Spurs.
> She must be rich.

HA!!!  You're right.  She was.
JESUS, HE MADE THE MOVIE FOR $6,000.

You're comparing his first feature length film which cost as much as a used car to movies that cost millions?  Come on now.
Good...  but...  I seriously question the judgement of anyone who needed to have things go THIS FAR before saying anything.

*Hey, Bob, I'm just calling because I know you're out of town and I wanted to let you know your house is on fire.  I've been watching it burn for the last 18 hours and enough is enough I say!  It's time to call the fire department."*
...not to mention that Bruce Willis was dead the whole time.
DON'T GIVE ANYTHING AWAY.

The beauty of this movie is being able to see it for the first time without knowing what you're going to see.
Make sure you check out the movie Christopher Nolan made before Memento.  It's called **Following** and it's superb.  It's in black & white and is barely an hour long, if memory serves correct.  It used to be on Netflix, but I'm not seeing it listed there now, sadly.

You're better off knowing as little as possible. It would be too easy to spoil this movie by giving away too much... but here's enough to get you started.  It's about a guy in London who is seeking inspiration for writing a novel, so he picks out people who look interesting and he follows them, but he becomes more of a follower than he intended.

It's such an excellent movie. They list a production budget of $6,000 and I believe it. This is very much a low budget movie, but it's done extremely well. I hope this never gets remade because they'd surely ruin it.

Seriously.  Find and watch Following.  It's brilliant.

EDIT: I added some info, and while doing so I convinced myself to buy the DVD.
This movie is absolutely fantastic.  I can't recommend it highly enough.

I remember the first time I saw it.  I was dating an annoying woman who couldn't shut off her phone.  Ever.  So, of course she got a call just as the movie began.  She got up and left the theater for a few minutes, and when she came back she said "What'd I miss?"  I lied and said "Not much" but I was actually thinking "You're so screwed."
> omd mii

OMD is an entire range of cameras, and mk II indicates that it's the second version of a particular camera, but you didn't tell us which camera you own.  This helps because a heavier lens balances better on a heavier camera, and vice versa.

OMD **EM1** mk II?  
OMD **EM5** mk II?  
OMD **EM10** mk II?

Also, what's your budget?
It's a firmware update.  You'll find it in the Software Update part of the Hue app (click the gear icon for Settings and scroll down)
You're forgetting about the civil war that would break out.  You're forgetting about the death, the destruction, the devastation to what's left of the economy.
> Putin wants America to fall. He doesn't care about the GOP, Democrats, what have you.

Exactly.

And he's smart enough to know that fueling the rise of hate within the U.S. will accomplish that.  It's no different than how the U.S., before Trump, used to promote the idea of freedom and human rights in other countries such as Russia.  Before Trump, we wanted dictatorships to fall.
> if the Russians and Putin are looking to demolish the support for democracy in our country, the next best step for him is to actually LET the Democrats win the next elections.

Not at all.

If you look at what the GOP is doing, they're turning us into Russia.  Gerrymandered districts to ensure their party stays in power despite the will of the people.  That undermines democracy and it's exactly what Putin wants.  The GOP is working to undo civil rights (especially in terms of ending equality), and again, that's what Putin wants.  Putin may not have been a fan of the old GOP, but the old GOP is dead.  Today's GOP is the alt-right, and Putin is thrilled with it.
Fewer people reading but those who do read more.

It's simple math.

If 10 people each buy a book, that's 10 books sold.

If only 4 people buy books but each of them buys 3, that's fewer people buying books but more books sold.
That 40-150mm is a better lens than it gets credit for being.  And it's a great place to start because it'll help you figure out what you really need.
For a first telephoto, and especially for a travel lens, I'd recommend the Olympus 14-150mm Mark II f/4-5.6.

Keep in mind that reach doubles with M4/3, so that 14-150mm is like having 28-300mm on a full frame.

Think about where you'll be and what you'll be doing.  Do you really want to stop to swap lenses while traveling?  With the Oly 75-300mm, you're already at 150mm in real world reach at the widest, and that Panasonic starts you at 200mm at the widest.  For specific situations that's fine, but for anything that isn't quite a distance away, that won't be usable which means you'll probably end up keeping a different lens on your camera most of the time.  The 14-150, on the other hand, is perfect for traveling because it works near and far.
> it's hard to describe him as anything but a victim of his own success.

Actually, I don't think that's it.  For me, it was the cheating that turned me off of Brady, Belichick and the Pats.  And it doesn't help that Belichick has the personality of toe jam.  I can't root for people I don't like.

I don't doubt their talent, and with his discipline, I don't doubt that Brady will be able to play longer than most QBs, but in my mind, his accomplishments will always come with an asterisk.

The very first time the Patriots were caught cheating, Robert Kraft had to decide whether that is acceptable or whether it isn't.  The fact that the Pats were embroiled in multiple cheating scandals told me everything I needed to know about their organization from the top down.  There's an old saying in football that you are what your record says you are.  Cheating is part of the Patriots record and they are what their record says they are.

They're not a victim of their success.  They're a victim of their cheating.

There was a story about how the Eagles did a fake walkthrough before the Super Bowl and my first thought was "Yup, that makes sense.  They're up against cheaters, so they have to be extra careful."  I'm sure I wasn't the only one thinking that.

The Pats aren't victims of their success.  They're victims of their ethics.
Black Orchid.

Or, if you have the budget, also by Tom Ford:  
**Noir De Noir.**
> But then again winning two or three rings now would probably be better than winning none later for a coach. But say for a franchise it wouldn’t make sense.

WHAT?!

Some teams haven't even won ONE Super Bowl, but you're saying getting rid of Brady now would be better even if he could win another 2 or 3...?!?!?!?!?!?!!?

What in the heck?!?!?!?

EDIT: I just realized you're a 49ers fan.  Your team hasn't won a Super Bowl yet this century, but you think throwing away a shot at 2 or 3 is worth it???

Wow.
Why would I?

> "I contend we are both atheists, I just believe in one fewer god than you do. When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods, you will understand why I dismiss yours."

> ...Stephen F Roberts

That last part is especially important.  Ask yourself why you don't believe in any of the other 'gods.'  That's why I don't believe in yours (or any).

The concept of believing in deities seems so silly.  It made perfect sense in the middle ages and especially in the dark ages.  But now?  It's silly.
ITT: Folks talking about how a QB who took his team to the Super Bowl 2 years in a row, not to mention 3 of the last 4 years, is in decline.  Wow.

I'm just hoping the Pats don't end up in the Super Bowl again next year.
Trump is going to pick someone who will either fire Mueller or will interfere with Mueller's investigation.  And then, Rosenstein will be pushed out.

The slow motion Saturday Night Massacre continues.
If I were you, I'd either go with a current gen EM10... or I'd try to find a cheap first gen EM1.  The original EM1 still is an amazing camera even though there's a mk II model, and since so many people have upgraded there are deals to be found.  For your needs, the EM1 mk II is massive overkill.
...and miles and miles and miles and miles and miles and miles and miles and miles and miles and miles and miles and miles and miles and miles and miles and miles and miles and miles and miles and miles and miles and miles and miles and miles and miles and miles and miles and miles...  and...
Downtown?  Which building?  I lived in The Wilson Building years ago.  My god, that place was cool.  I had crazy high ceilings.  It's amazing how cheap Dallas was in the late 90s & early 00s.  I was paying $750 for 750/sq ft.
Nope.  Nor did he catch it.
...but not when it's thrown to Brady.
He didn't sign a contract which means The Colts were foolish for announcing a deal before the deal was done.
Did he sign the contract?

Nothing is official until the document has been signed.  If The Colts don't already have a second choice for their HC job, they're an even more poorly managed franchise than I thought.

Don't get me wrong...  what McDaniels did is downright shitty...  but if the Colts didn't get his signature on a deal, they can't say he backed out on a deal since no deal had been signed.
It was funny how Collinsworth kept talking about whether or not the Eagles' defense would get worn out by the end of the game, but it was the Pats whose defense was on the field the most.
I bet you could search the iTunes library file somehow...  You're looking for email addresses.
Do you have a Mac?

On a Mac, it's not hard to figure out.  Create a smart playlist in iTunes and do a search for purchased files by editing rules and adding Purchased Is True.  Then, start going through the songs to see what pops up.  Click 'Song Info' in the Edit menu or in the right-click popup menu until you find one with that email address.  That was the Apple ID.
> is it very thin with just water?

Nope.  It's probably not as heavy as if I'd used milk, but it's only thin if I add too much water.
...some undrafted rookie who tied the record for throwing 7 TDs in a single game?
That would have actually been a good Tide ad.
How many times in NFL history has the winning QB of the Super Bowl not been the starter for that team the next season, excluding retirements?  How about an MVP?
I'm constantly changing my recipe.  Here's the current form:

1/2 cup oatmeal  
1 teaspoon cacao powder - heaped  
2/3 teaspoon brown sugar - *not heaped*  
1.5 teaspoons goji berries - or 3 teaspoons blueberries  
3 teaspoons chia seeds  
5 shakes of cinnamon  
1.5 cups of water?  See note below.

I use Weck "744" Tulip jars (1/2 L), which aren't really jars.  They're more like bowls with lids, and they're the perfect size for a bowl of overnight oats.  Highly recommended!  I also bought the plastic lids for them, which I greatly prefer over the glass lids they come with.

I don't measure the water anymore.  I just fill the jar most of the way with water.
I'm just here so I don't get fined.  No, wait.  That's not it.

I'm just here to see faded Patriots flare.

Thank you, Eagles!
I admit, I didn't think The Eagles had a chance in this game.  Even at halftime, when they were winning, I thought there was no way they'd be able to hang in there.

I WAS WRONG AND I'M GLAD.

Congratulations, Philadelphia!  I can't say it enough.  Congratulations!!!  My god, what a game.  That was amazing.  You guys are amazing.

What a fantastic ending to a fantastic game.

I have two hopes for next year.  I hope Nick Foles lands somewhere where he can make another run at the Super Bowl, and I hope Carson Wentz comes back stronger than ever.

Thanks for an amazing game, Philly.

Fly, Eagles, Fly!
As well you should be!  Tears of damn joy!  Congrats, congrats, CONGRATS!!!!!!!!!
HOOOOOORAY FOR THE EAGLES!!!!!!!

Go birds!  Go birds!  Go birds!

CONGRATULATIONS PHILADELPHIA!!!!!!!!
THIS.

They knew what he was.

They're complicit.
The **R**ussian **N**ational **C**omrades.
Asking why Trump let Russia off the hook shows either cowardice or naivety.  A better question is why Newsweek is acting as if it's a mystery instead of doing investigative journalism.
The idea that anyone honestly believes Trump wouldn't lie under oath is **INSANE** to me.

But that's the point about testimony being "under oath."  It's not about magic words, as you put it.  The point of the oath is a binding legal agreement.  Trump lies constantly, but lying under oath has legal consequences.
It's got everything...  Lights, psychos, Furbies, screaming babies in Mozart wigs, sunburned drifters with soap sud beards.  "Soap sud beards?" You know, that thing when the hobo becomes a rich man, so they take that big bubble bath?
This is a great idea.  What kind of soup mix would you recommend that I could find at a basic grocery store?
Isn't that sort of like allowing a pilot to land a plane?  Trump doesn't have much of a choice in the matter.  He is just a passenger on this journey.  He's going where Mueller and the facts take him.  And just like the plane in the sky, there's nowhere to go but down.
Let him release his federal income taxes in order to get on the ballot.  Every other candidate does that.  Why can't he?
Note that I said "almost always."

Add up the number of individual candidates that won elections for the past 100 years in the U.S.  How many of them were write-in candidates?
Exactly.
That's fine.

Write in candidacies almost always lose.  Badly.
> what's to stop people from writing in a candidate?

Nothing.  And that's fine.  The point of the legislation is that the name wouldn't appear on the ballot.

They're not trying to deny anyone their right to vote for the candidate of their choice.  They're just requiring candidates for president and vice president to release their federal income tax return in order to appear on Oregon ballots.
Does this mean the show is new tonight?  I'm on the west coast.  It's listed as being a repeat from last summer in the stupid TV guide app.
D'oh!!!  That's what I meant.  I have no idea why I said spike.
Now that the clock is under ten minutes remaining, The Eagles should start pulling some of their starters.  There's no sense in risking injury to anyone for a game that has already been won.

Not only that...  they might as well take a knee 3 times in a row when they get the ball back, forcing the Vikings to either use their time outs or watch 90 seconds fall off the clock.  And when they get the ball again, do it again.  The game is over.  Kill the clock.  The Eagles don't need more points.  They need the game to end without injuries.

EDIT: I said spike it?  What was I thinking?  Then again, I thought the Vikings would win in a blowout.  What? Was? I? Thinking?!??
> Why on gods green earth would *anyone* listen to anything miller has to say?

...because they're racist too.
Running 1 yard up the middle isn't going to get it done, Jags.
I was hoping **Shithole Shutdown** would be trending.
> Shithole Shutdown

I'm shocked that term isn't trending on twitter.
> EDIT: Please everyone if you agree with what I’m saying please let Apple know here: https://www.apple.com/feedback/

It would be better if you posted the link to Apple Music feedback:

https://www.apple.com/feedback/apple-music.html
How much clearer can I say [THERE'S ALWAYS... MONEY... IN... THE BANANA STAND](https://youtu.be/04SLXwjJvqg?t=21s)???

(...no touching.  No touching...)
There's always money in the banana stand.
Which Olympus camera are you shooting with?  I have a first gen EM1 and a Pen F.  I'm a huge fan.
[Get a bed like this](https://www.roomandboard.com/catalog/bedroom/beds/architecture-bed).  Or [maybe this](https://www.crateandbarrel.com/keane-queen-canopy-bed/s666929?localedetail=US&ps_cid=1010&a=1552&campaignid=853779501&adgroupid=46164021347&targetid=pla-315686377667&pla_sku=666929&scid=scplp666929&sc_intid=666929&scid=scplp666929&sc_intid=666929&gclid=EAIaIQobChMIxtTckv_d2AIV9grTCh1jRQS-EAkYDiABEgKExvD_BwE)  It'll give the illusion of having a bedroom and it'll help break up that huge space (plus, it's sexy as hell).

I have one, and it's the best piece of furniture I ever bought.  It's a statement piece.
You can keep nicknacks up there.  The light behind them looks kind of cool, surprisingly.  I discovered this through trial end error.
Definitely.  Do it - and here's a tip: don't lay them across the top and have them pointed straight up.  Instead, lean them at an angle, along the wall pointing forward to throw light across more of the ceiling (upward and forward, at an angle).
350 sq/ft.    
$347861243994125250743217/mo.

...but, oh, those glorious windows!
Why does the NY Times publish this in an opinion piece?  There is a mountain of evidence ranging from his comment last week to back when he was a landlord whose staff would put a "C" on rental applications to signify "Colored."

The man is a racist.  That's not an opinion.  It is a fact.
If you haven't seen last year's All Or Nothing on Amazon, check it out.  It's about the 2016 Rams, when Keenum was the starter and Jeff Fisher was head coach.  Keenum seems like the nicest guy.  I'm so glad to see him kicking ass with you guys this year.
Try repositioning the lightstrips above your cabinets.  I have mine angled facing forward rather than lying flat facing straight up so they'll throw more light into the room across more of the ceiling.  It makes a bigger difference than you might suspect.
I'm guessing his first thought was...  *"WHO DAT?"*
HHhmmmm...  you could be right.
Can you imagine the thought he must have had when his hand got slammed by the football?
How in the heck did that guy know to put his hand up like that when he was facing away from Brees?  Was it sheer luck, or was he watching himself on a monitor?

Wwwwwwwwwwow.
Lordy, I love when there are tapes.
> Even starting WWIII resulting in the total loss of life on Earth quite possibly isn't as bad to some Republicans as allowing a single abortion.

I don't think Republicans in congress really care about abortion.  They use religious zealotry and bogus wedge issues to get votes.  Want proof?  Trump talked about the bible again and again during the campaign and everybody knew he was lying but they didn't care if he was lying because they don't care about religion.  They care about religious votes.

What Republicans really want is giveaways for the rich and an end to benefits for the poor & middle class.  Nothing else matters.
It's not about the presidency.  It's about a total lack of leadership in congress.  Trump could be throwing pornstar parties in the White House and Republicans would look the other way.

Sexual assault?  Republicans don't care.    
Blatant racism?  Republicans don't care.    
Supporting white supremacists?  Republicans don't care.    
Offending our allies?  Republicans don't care.   

Remember when Trump made the decision to soldiers out to die in a botched raid...  over dinner?  He wouldn't even leave his fucking dinner for a moment to meet with his advisors in the situation room.

Republicans didn't care.

Any president can get away with anything if the party in power doesn't care.
> I think you and I share a fairly similar approach to street photography.

Very nice work!  I love [this one](https://www.instagram.com/p/BcYuBTAhfwm/?taken-by=penandpaperpoet)!  The color is fantastic!  I need to make an effort to shoot in color now and then.  I've been hooked on black and white for quite a while.

> Do you think that your more or less person-less street photography has anything to do with anxiety or worry about taking people's photos? 

In my case, not so much.  Well, maybe a little...   but there's a bigger factor for me.

As I mentioned in another comment here, I am legally blind, even with correction.  Without glasses, my vision is probably something like 20/400, and with glasses it's 20/200 - thus [the name of my photography site](http://twenty200.com), though I never explain the name on the site.

I assume my vision plays a big role in my subject matter.  I think I'm fascinated by details because they're things I struggle to see in my everyday life.  I mean, it's not like I'm walking around with 300mm zoom lenses on my glasses!  ...Side note: That's part of the appeal of the M4/3 system for me.  The reach is doubled.  A 50mm lens is equivalent to 100mm of reach on M4/3.  Plus, the bodies and lenses are small and light which is great for streets.  I'm a huge fan of the system.

Also, I've always been a little OCD.  I'm kind of a neat freak, I notice patterns all the time, and I'm a minimalist.  I assume that all plays a role in my photography.

Is there a proper term for this style of photography?  It's always kind of weird explaining it.
Your photography is very moody - and I mean that in the best possible sense.  I LOVE [this one](https://www.instagram.com/p/Bag0JraBLxE/?taken-by=paulie.b).  Good stuff!
+1

I was thinking the same thing.  That's going to be a fun list to browse.
Oh, damn.  You're talented!  Keep up the good work.
> I am trying to imagine it through your 20/200 eyesight.

Yeah, I don't know how to explain what I see and what I don't.  Sometimes, I feel like I can see much better than I should be able to, and other times, I feel the opposite way.  In the end, my vision is what it is.

One thing that helps me a lot is shooting with a camera that has an electronic viewfinder, but even with one, I couldn't manually focus if I had to, and I can't really see the little icons in the viewfinder. Eh...  it is what it is.  I get by.
Thanks for the kind words!  Got a link?  I'd love to see your stuff.

> I similarly like to take photos of object details with interesting textures and patterns, and I thought that made me weird.

It's funny you should say that, because that's what I struggled with the most when I was getting started.  I had this foolish belief that pictures were supposed to be *"of"* something...  a picture of a house or of a chair or of a building or of a boat.  It took me a while to let go of that concept because, if I posted a photo, I felt like I had to explain it.  Eventually, I realized that was dumb.

That's why [my photo titles](http://twenty200.com/V3/titles.shtml) are what they are.  The titles don't explain anything because a photo is what the photo is.

The more I shoot the way I do, the more I enjoy it.
Steal Nicolas Cage's birth certificate.  And then hire Nicolas Cage to find it.
[I do street photography](http://twenty200.com), but I shoot details rather than scenes or people.

I shoot [stripes](http://twenty200.com/V3/stripes.shtml), [patterns](http://twenty200.com/V3/patterns.shtml), [textures](http://twenty200.com/V3/textures.shtml), some [abstracts](http://twenty200.com/V3/abstract.shtml), various [urbanites](http://twenty200.com/V3/urbanites.shtml), etc.

I have no idea why I shoot the way I do.  I don't really have any particular inspiration.  I just look for whatever catches my eye, so to speak.  I don't follow any blogs, but I'll be reading along through this thread to see if anybody recommends any that click with me because I could use a bit of inspiration too.

> I've been shooting full-frame digital for 3 months now, so I haven't really found a niche and just generally shoot landscapes and fashion.

Here's my $oo.o2 (don't try to sell it for more than it's worth):

The most important thing you can do is learn to trust your own eyes.  Find your own style, not just in terms of what you shoot but also in the way you shoot it.

I feel like my photography made a huge leap when I stopped trying to shoot the way I thought I was supposed to and, instead, started trusting my eyes.

I'm not saying I'm a great photographer.  Hell, it probably doesn't even make sense that I enjoy photography since I'm legally blind even with correction (hence the name of my site.  20/200 is the definition of being legally blind, and it's my vision with glasses).  I'm just saying that talent is in the eyes and the brain.  It's in what you see and the way you see it.  So don't be afraid to try things that don't make sense to anyone else.
I love my Pen F.  I'd also buy a Peak Design "Cuff" wrist strap if I were you (I use one with my Pen F).
Yes!

Bartender is FANTASTIC.  I've been using it since the original version was in beta years ago.
Get a votive candle holder to use as an Apple remote holder.  Wide and heavy ones work best.  [I bought mine a decade ago](https://www.flickr.com/photos/jalpuna/34153042585/in/dateposted-public/) at World Market (no idea if they still sell it).

I love the minimalism of Apple remotes.  I repurposed mine using a Flirc usb IR receiver (a fantastic little gizmo!) and some code.  The white one controls my Philips Hue lights, and the silver one controls my music.

I haven't had one of those remotes misplaced since the day I started using that candle holder as an Apple remote holder.
> Well, have fun explaining "shithole" to your brats.

Bigots teach their kids bigotry.  They're fine with it.  Hell, they're probably proud of him for saying it.
> With Trump, I fear this story will be old news by week's end.

And, worse, it actually strengthens his base.
I agree 100,000%.

I use iTunes on my Mac to make smart playlists that I sync to my iPhone, and I wish I could edit things like Grouping on my iPhone.
*"I like troops who aren't in combat zones."*

--Durr Tweetfuhrer
> Form consistency is a fairly fundamental principle of good design

Form over function is not.

> given the proximity would mean only using a square table with a square couch.

Neither the couch nor the table is a square.

A smaller rectangle would be better since it wouldn't fill up the whole space.  Every time somebody sitting on the couch gets up, they have to figure out how to get around that table, especially if there are more than 2 people.
> How is this legal?!

It isn't, but we no longer have a functioning government, which means the rule of law only applies to the ruling party's political "enemies" until the current administration and the Republican majorities are voted out of office...  but Republicans have gone from state to state, enacting gerrymandered districts to keep them in office against the people's wishes by removing likely non-Republicans from their districts.
Is your Hanae Mori HiM the EDT or EDP?  (it comes in both versions)
> He goes by his real name now, Nick Murphy.

OH!!!  Thanks for that.  I didn't know.  ...I thought Chet Faker was a great name.
No doubt.
I guess it's easy to be a genius among the animals in the stable.  All he has to do is outsmart the horse who can count to five by stomping.
He's really talented.  I found this cover first, and that made me check out more of his work.  I'm glad I did.
> do you just separate with commas

Nope!  You don't even need to separate them with a space, to be honest, but obviously using a space between words makes sense.  *Grouping Contains* will find anything you typed in the grouping field.

Here's an example:  I have two Christmas tags.

xmas    
xmasclassics

When I made a holiday playlist and wanted modern christmas music, I used this:

*Grouping Does Not Contain: classics*

Even though classics was part of the tag xmasclassics, iTunes still found it and ignored all songs with that tag.

> or any certain method you find better than another

I've found two things help a lot.

1. Don't use a ton of tags - at least, not at first - because you'll probably forget them.  Start with a few that are really important to you and add more over time.

2. Always put your tags in alphabetical order when you type more than one because iTunes will learn them, including combinations of them, and iTunes will offer to automatically fill them in as you type, similar to autocorrect.  It's very handy.  If you always type them in alphabetical order, it's faster in the long run.

> Smh you really gonna make me go back and redo my library again and work on groupings haha.

Nahhh...  just keep doing what you're doing and add tags as you go.  Over time, your songs that matter will all get tagged.  It's not something you have to do overnight.  Just do it as you go.

If you use an app like BetterTouchTool to make your own hotkeys, create a hotkey for something like Command F8 to tell iTunes to highlight the currently playing song.  That makes it fast & easy to add a tag.  Let's say you're browsing in Safari and a song you want to tag starts playing.  Type the hotkey & iTunes will come to the front with the current song highlighted.  Nice!
He's a stable genius.
Don't forget about free over the air TV.  If you can't pick up your local channels, try using [an antenna like this](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01FUB4ZG8/ref=oh_aui_search_detailpage?ie=UTF8&psc=1).  I live in a modern building that has windows designed to block UV rays, but unfortunately, they block TV signals too.  I tried all kinds of antennas.  I even thought about rigging some sort of wire out my balcony door & hooking up an antenna there...  but a cheap $20 antenna from Amazon solved my problems.

I cancelled cable in 2016.  I only regret not doing it sooner.
I was going to say the exact same thing.  The combination of dark cabinets with white countertops really works.
The coffee table fills the room.  It looks like people have to slither their way around it to get to the corner of the couch.  I see that so often in this sub and I don't understand it.  Put an oval coffee table there instead and it will really open up the space.
How could those idiots censor the transcript after we all saw video footage of Agent Orange bungling his policy - or lack thereof.
Chet Faker [did a fantastic cover of No Diggity](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-edoet4RwY)
Replace the pillows.  Tan/brown pillows against an off white wall and beige carpet = bland bland bland.  Also, if you're sticking with that art, space the three panels out a bit.
BetterTouchTool - for more reasons than you can even imagine.  It's astoundingly good.  Hotkeys.  Custom trackpad or mouse gestures.  Apple remote button clicks.  And so much more.  For me, BTT is a must-have app.

I use 3-finger swipe left / right to go from tab to tab, left or right.  4 finger swipe left opens notification center.  I use that all the time.
Yeah, I'm amazed Apple didn't specifically create a field in iTunes for tags.

Here's another tag tip:  You can add multiple tags for a single song, and it's wise to always put them in alphabetical order.  You don't need any special separator between them.  Just a space.  The reason for putting tags in alphabetical order is that iTunes learns them & iTunes will offer to automatically add them as you type.
Apple Music has a long way to go - but I love it too.  The idea that I have so much music at my fingertips for $10 a month is crazy.  I used to spend more than that just to buy one CD.

**TIP: If you're not tagging your music, you're missing out on one of the best features of iTunes.**

Right-click along the row at the top of the song list in iTunes and add a column for Grouping.  The 'Grouping' field is a great place to add tags for your songs.

Tags make smart playlists more powerful.

One of my most used tags is the word mellow.  I created a smart playlist for mornings that includes any song rated 4 stars or higher and grouping does not include mellow.  And for when I have company at night, I have a mellow playlist: Any song rated 3 stars or higher and grouping includes mellow.
I almost wish he'd named it the "Like, Really Smart Stable Genius Act."

The "like," was my favorite part of Trump's stupid tweet.
I'm no Andy Dalton fan, but he's not the problem.  For the Bengals, management is the problem.  Marvin Lewis needs to go, and so do many around him and above him.
I believe the proper term is LeBlanc'd.
Don't forget, Ben Roethlisberger was so injured during that game he could barely move on the field.
Why did CNN book Miller in the first place?  We've known for over a year that Kellyanne Conway and Stephen Miller have no insight to offer.

CNN HOST:  Is it raining outside?

Kellyanne Conway:  *The real question is why the FBI isn't investigating Hillary Clinton for her role in the sunshine.*

Stephen Miller:  *There has never been better rain in the history of the universe!!!  And I'm angry!  I'm angry that you aren't willing to admit that democrats are blocking the sun because no one makes more rain than Donald Trump!!!*
Next week's game is going to be good!  Falcons/Eagles.  Go birds!
*This game isn't over yet!  There's still time!*

**Shut up, Doug.**

Dilly Dilly!
No matter what the outcome of this game, The Rams should be proud.  They went from a dumpster fire in 2016 to being among the top of the league this year.  Firing Jeff Fisher was the best thing they've done in over a decade.  They should re-hire him just so they can fire him again.
Somewhere, Jeff Fisher is watching this game, trying to explain why he deserves the credit for the Rams success.
Sean McDonough just hit puberty!  On national TV!
Hey, I'll be the first to admit I could be wrong.  And speaking of which...  TOUCHDOWN, TENNESSEE!!!
I want to root for the Titans, but I can't help thinking the Chiefs have a better shot at beating the Patriots next week...  so...  hhhhmmmmmm.
That's shit.  What's the point of having a crew in NY if they can't fix such an awful spot without needing a challenge?

Tennessee shouldn't have had to challenge that.
Oh, Tennessee...  that was brutal.
Please ESPN, dear god, replace McDonough too.  If you're losing Gruden, start over with MNF.  At the very least, teach McDonough how to not sound like a small town radio DJ.
> and he was voted in anyway.

...voted in by the electoral college.

It's important for people to remember Trump lost the popular vote.  He lost by MILLIONS.
Agreed.

I've never smelled anything like Rose 31.  Much Ado About The Duke by Penhaligon's sort of does, but if you compare the two side by side, there's no comparison at all.   The Duke is missing the magic of Rose 31.  It's less dry, it's kind of sour, and it's no substitute.
Yeah, but having Rose and Oud doesn't mean something will smell like Rose 31.  That's like saying a BLT tastes like Spaghetti with sauce because they both use flour and tomatoes.
I'm now picturing some idiot trying to waft a microwave out the window, shouting *"DAMMIT!  REDDIT SAID THIS WOULD WORK!"*
I think the best of Self has to be [Trunk Fulla Amps](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FVBwb8dmOGA).
That's where I bought mine.  It's excellent.
All those Mexican birds flew back down south after Trump got elected!  Thanks Trump!

*"You do realize birds migrate south every winter, right?"*

SHUT UP, FACTS.

(I assume this is how Trump voters think)
> Wait, really?! Stafford didn't score on the jump, but scored when walking into the endzone to celebrate? Was he aware of this?

No, that's not what I said.

I said, while watching it on TV, I didn't realize he scored on the jump.  I thought he got pushed back by the defense and bounced around to the left to score...  it was only when the replay was shown that I realized he scored on the jump, and that's why I thought it was hilarious.
GOTCHA!

Then it does make sense.  Thanks for pointing that out.
I was watching on TV, but I remember thinking "Why did the Cowboys let him walk it into the end zone like that???"  It happened so fast that I missed the part where he scored by holding the ball out.  I thought he tried to jump over the defense, got pushed back and then bounced to the outside.  I didn't realize he'd already scored.

And then, when they showed the replay...  I just laughed and laughed and laughed.
Why didn't they do that during a game that mattered?  That was FANTASTIC.

[This is still my favorite Matt Stafford touchdown.](https://youtu.be/HueNKkKvBAo?t=13s)

> *"Clock it!  Clock it!  Clock it!  Ououououuouououoouuououuaaagh!!! Ououououuouououououoooaaagh!!!  Hey!  Clock!  Clock!  Block!  Block!  HUT!!!"*

...meanwhile, Dallas just stood there as Stafford scored a TD.
> The lions were a train wreck

[These are The Browns](https://i1.wp.com/www.lyleaspinall.com/wp-content/uploads/Aug2014update21.jpg?resize=800%2C533).
You're only looking at one year vs another year, which means you're only seeing a small part of the picture.

The Browns aren't just having a bad year.  They're having a bad century.  They've been so bad for so long that the QB with the most wins in Cleveland is **Ben Roethlisberger.**
Gee, ya think?

That's going to be the top political story of the decade. Hell, assuming our republic still exists at the end of this whole debacle, it will probably be the top political story of the century.  How could it NOT be?  A foreign adversarial nation interfered with our election, giving us a "president" who is a puppet, and 1/3 of the country supports the puppet while he tears the country apart.  Russia won so big that it couldn't have been published as fiction as recently as 2015 because it would have seemed impossible to the point of ridiculousness.  Seriously, we've had nazis marching and the "president" declared there were good people on both sides.  That's crazy.  And it happened.  And 1/3 of the country is with that guy.

If our republic survives the outcome of this "presidency" and the aftermath of the Mueller probe, which will probably take down many politicians, it will probably be the most important political story of the century.

Watergate was peanuts compared to this.
That link brings up a really good question: Is Trump losing his mind in old age, or has he always been nuts?

All of the talk about him being a great businessman is bogus.  If he'd taken the millions he got from daddy and put it in an index fund and did absolutely nothing with his life, he'd be richer than he is today.  [Source](http://fortune.com/2015/08/20/donald-trump-index-funds/).  So, he put a lifetime of wheeling and dealing into accumulating less than if he'd sat on his fat ass and done absolutely nothing.

I think he's always been nuts.
I wonder who told Trump that making his cliche frump-face makes him look strong.

It doesn't.

That person was very wrong.
> I think that could be because there is just something I am missing about photos like these.

Exactly.

But I can't explain it to you, which isn't to say that I don't want to.  It's that this style isn't something that speaks to you.  Only you can decide what moves you and what does not.  And that's fine.  Minimalism doesn't speak to you.

To be honest, I have no idea why I find this style of photography compelling, but I do.  In fact, I don't make an effort to shoot this way.  It's just the way I see things.  I'm drawn to lines and patterns, curves and angles.  I love details.

I love going on photo walks with someone else.  It's fascinating to me how two people can walk along the same path but see it so differently.  I think that's fantastic.
You answered your own question:

> Your photos are striking.
I saw these recommended a few times last year, so I gave them a shot and I have to echo your enthusiasm.

They're very comfortable, and I love that they don't have any stupid branding along the waistband.  They're all black with a black waistband that has one simple thin gray stripe.  They look classy.

The best part: you can often find them on ebay for around $3 a pair, which is a ridiculously good bargain.
Mine's not junk.
Please, dear god, please tell me that people aren't just now starting to realize he's dumb.
They forgot Rule Number 8:  You shall make a pub stop.  I love taking a break to see how I'm doing and maybe change my approach, or my goal for the day, or my destination...  or whatever.

I'm a photo walker who does [sort of minimalist, sort of abstract photography](http://twenty200.com).  The only rule I try to live by is: "See it?  Stop.  Take the shot."  It's too easy to talk oneself out of shooting due to doubt.  "Is this good?"  To hell with that.  Take the shot.

When I'm in a rut, I try to challenge myself by saying "I'm only going to shoot [stripes](http://twenty200.com/V3/stripes.shtml) today."  Or only [patterns](http://twenty200.com/V3/patterns.shtml).  Or only [textures](http://twenty200.com/V3/textures.shtml).
A [2007 white Apple remote](https://www.flickr.com/photos/jalpuna/34153042585/in/dateposted-public/).

Along with a [Flirc usb IR receiver](https://www.flickr.com/photos/jalpuna/33767639660/in/dateposted-public/) and some Applescripts, I'm using a white Apple remote to control the lights in my loft (Philips Hue).

I'm also using a silver Apple remote from 2010 to control the music in my entertainment center which is streaming from iTunes.
Ex.

Let's not kid ourselves.  If this clown was still in office, he'd be either leading the charge against Mueller or he'd be standing on the sidelines pretending not to notice.  Republicans only find the courage to be moral when they've left or are leaving.  And even then, they often fail.
Thanks!  I appreciate the kind words.

I love basenotes.  It can be a bit intimidating for newcomers - I sure was clueless when I showed up there years ago - but of all the things I've learned, the most important lesson was to follow my own nose.  If it smells good, it is good.
What don't you understand about the above comment?
CNN should air Trump's tweets about Obama playing golf.

> "@mooovin_on: No Bush, no Clinton, no RINOs, no golfing, no more handouts!! It's got to be @realDonaldTrump. Time for #Trump2016"

> — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 24, 2014

What a clown Trump is.

> We pay for Obama's travel so he can fundraise millions so Democrats can run on lies. Then we pay for his golf.

> — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 14, 2014

There are so many of these tweets.

> Can you believe that,with all of the problems and difficulties facing the U.S., President Obama spent the day playing golf.Worse than Carter

> — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 14, 2014

What a joke.

> Obama should play golf with Republicans & opponents rather than his small group of friends. That way maybe the terrible gridlock would end.

> — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 19, 2012
I am, indeed.  And you are?

Cheers!
Blocks.

I have a vague memory of being maybe a year old, sitting on the floor playing with blocks.  I'm guessing that my mother had started dating a guy who wanted to impress her by making a toy for her toddler, because the blocks were literally blocks of wood, sanded smooth.

Today, I'm in my 40s and I absolutely love the two sets of blocks by Miller Goodman.  One is called Facemaker and the other is Shapemaker.  I have [a set of Facemaker blocks](https://www.google.com/search?newwindow=1&biw=1166&bih=862&tbm=isch&sa=1&ei=bhlDWtymHoqqjwPL7rf4CQ&q=miller+goodman+facemaker&oq=miller+goodman+facemaker&gs_l=psy-ab.3..0.72753.74459.0.74547.9.1.0.8.8.0.73.73.1.1.0....0...1c.1.64.psy-ab..0.9.282....0.M8Y6-OflXnY) on my coffee table.  Almost every time I've invited someone over to my place for the first time, at some point in the evening, they'll end up playing with the blocks.
Mueller has probably known about this for months.  He may have known it when he accepted the job.
Honestly, don't worry about that sort of thing.  The best way to judge is to spray your skin to see how it smells and how it wears for you (I tend to test by spraying the back of my hand).  And as you smell it, ask yourself "Do I like this?  Does it fit my personality, and my style?"  Only you can know that sort of thing.
Gee, ya think?

Under Jeff Fisher, the Rams never had a season with more than 7 wins.
It's excellent...  but isn't the fact that it's not a hype a good thing?  Do you really want to smell like everybody else?  I sure don't.

By the way: the L'Homme L'eau flanker is really good too.  It's similar enough to the original that owning both would probably be redundant, so try both first.

Here's my theory on why it doesn't get talked about more.  The hype frags tend to be loud.  *"Hey, everybody, look at meeeee!!!"*  Prada L'Homme isn't that kind of scent (and I'm glad).
Username deleted?  What the heck?  Why would somebody post such a useful comment and then delete their account?
I hear Jeff Fisher is available.  He's the reason the Rams are kicking ass this year...  at least, according to him.
YES!!!  That's what I want!

> So here's to a 0-0 soccer-style draw!

I'll drink to that!
I know...  but...  the Panthers.  I just can't root for the Panthers.

What if the game ends as a 0-0 tie?
I'm rooting for both the Panthers and Falcons to lose next week.  It could happen.  SHUT UP.  Let me to hang on to this simple dream, ok?
Sean McDonough sounds good when he doesn't do his fake radio DJ voice...  but he immediately goes back to that thing where he tries to make his voice sound deeper and sing-song.  Gah.
Me: *...and here's an option if you decide you want it warmed up.*

You: *I'm just here to criticize, so I skip the stuff that doesn't support my gripes.*
If you're using chia seeds, an overnight soak is important.  Those things are amazingly healthy but they soak up a TON of water.  It can be helpful for soaking other things too.  Goji berries soften up, and their flavor gets absorbed by the oats too.

> (And no I'm not talking about the instant stuff.)

I don't bother with the instant stuff.  My local grocery store sells 5 pound bags of oatmeal for $5.
With the proper medical help, I support it.

I add that caveat because it should be done carefully and painlessly.
You don't need milk, but do put it in the fridge overnight.  Want to heat this up for a hot breakfast?  Pop it in the microwave on medium heat.

Here's my overnight oats recipe:

1/2 cup oatmeal  
1 teaspoon cacao powder - heaped  
1 teaspoon brown sugar - not heaped  
1.5 teaspoons goji berries - or 3 teaspoons blueberries  
3 teaspoons chia seeds  
5 shakes of cinnamon  
1.5 cups of water.  Less if you omit the chia seeds.  Those things really suck up water, but they're SUPER healthy.

I use Weck "744" glass Tulip jars (1/2 L) and plastic lids.  They're shaped like bowls and are the perfect size for a bowl of oatmeal, but they have lids, so they're perfect for the fridge & microwave.  Find 'em on Amazon.
> Just goes to show, corporations when given the opportunity will always do the right thing.

The alt-right thing.
> It's alright because I hear there are a ton of coal miner jobs out there now.

It's alright because I hear there are a ton of Arby's jobs out there now.
Dude.  Google it.  [It took me less than ten seconds.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2017/03/31/8-surprisingly-small-industries-that-employ-more-people-than-coal/?utm_term=.72192a7011b5)

> Looking at the level of individual businesses, the coal industry in 2014 (76,572) employed about as many as Whole Foods (72,650), and fewer workers than Arby's (close to 80,000), Dollar General (105,000) or J.C. Penney (114,000). The country's largest private employer, Walmart (2.2 million employees) provides roughly 28 times as many jobs as coal.

> If anything the numbers above over-estimate the jobs impact of coal relative to other industries. Since 2014 the coal industry has shrunk further according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, to 50,300 employees as of February 2017.
I don't get why Garrett's job is secure.  His first five years sum it up:

2011: 8-8  
2012: 8-8  
2013: 8-8  
2014: 12-4 *"Hooray!  The Boys Are BACK!"*  
2015: 4-12 *"...nope."*

In 2016, the Cowboys looked great but immediately got bounced out of the playoffs, at home.

And then this year, instead of making another run at the Super Bowl, they're struggling to stay above 8-8.
It's still expected that men pay on dates.  Gee, that's not sexist at all.  Women like to dance around the issue by also expecting men to be the ones to ask them out on dates, as if to say "Well, he asked me out, so he should pay."

Talk about 1950s style sexist nonsense.

If you're a woman and you want to go out with a guy, ask him out.  I know, I know...  here comes the chorus of women saying "I've done that before!"  Yeah, once.  Guys do it the rest of time time.  That's sexist nonsense.

I was blown away when a female friend of mine tried to explain how she knows a guy is interested in seeing her again if he pays for the date.  I asked how the guy is supposed to know she's interested.  She looked at me with a blank stare, like I was speaking a foreign language, as if to say "What is this *pay* word you used?  Does it have meaning?"

It's fascinating to me that in this day and age, the same women who talk about equality will bat their eyelashes and look away when they're at a bar and the bill comes.  So...  what happened to that whole "equality" thing?  A woman once explained it by saying "Well, I let him pick up the check because I was going to sleep with him."  I said "He was going to sleep with you, so why didn't YOU pick up the check?"  Blank stare.  Trading money for sex is prostitution.

I strongly support equality.  I want women to be promoted equally for equal talent and paid equally for equal work.  I want more companies run by women and I want more women to run for public office.  But when I say equality, I mean it.  Equality.  It isn't equal to treat men like walking wallets due to their gender.  That's sexist nonsense.

If a woman offers to split the bill when the check comes, I respect her more.

If a woman picks up the whole bill, I'm always impressed.  Granted, on a first date, I've only experienced that a few times, but I'm impressed.  It's funny how, if a woman does that once in her lifetime she thinks she's equal to a guy who has to do it 95% of the time.

Equality isn't about words.  It's about actions.  Don't just demand to be treated like an equal.  Demand from yourself that you treat others like equals.  And if you're a woman reading this, thinking "Some guys are intimidated by strong women!"  ...why would you ever want to waste time with a guy who thinks you are less than an equal???

Equality is sexy.

Sexism is bullshit.
Remember when this whole sub was on a Browns hype train and anybody who doubted them was being downvoted like crazy?

The Browns will suck until fans stop buying tickets and attending games en masse.  So long as the fans tolerate sub-par football, the fans will get sub-par football.
HA!  I did the same thing.  Unplug the old...  plug the new one in using the same old cord.
Oh, thank you for this!!!
> Unfortunately to us, the average nose won’t be able to tell whether we’re wearing a $250 fragrance or a $30 fragrance.

I don't think it's unfortunate, actually.  In fact, I like that.  If I spend more for a particular scent, I do it for myself.  Don't get me wrong...  I like to be complimented, but I like that people judge what I'm wearing based on what they smell.

Another one of my hobbies is photography.  I like the idea of people judging [my stuff](http://twenty200.com) based on what they see, rather than based on my gear or whatever else.

> Niche snobs are the one thing that I can’t stand about this hobby.

I can't stand snobbery, period.  Snobbery is just another form of justified discrimination, and it's ridiculous.  It's human nature though, sadly.  Too many people feel the need to prove they're better than others, and they make up a million different ridiculous reasons - some silly, and others dangerous and hateful.  Maybe you drive the wrong kind of car or shoot photography with the wrong kind of camera.  Maybe you have the wrong kind of phone or the wrong brand of jeans or shoes or, worse, maybe they think you have the wrong color skin or live in the wrong state or love what they think is the wrong person.

I don't know.  I don't get it.  Life is too short to waste on that nonsense.
Yes.  And that whole album (The Hurting) is excellent.
Yep.  And a darn good one too!
Ohmygod.  I suddenly want to hear Billy Idol cover Billy Joel...  or maybe Billy Joel cover Billy Idol?
My pleasure!
One man's trash can becomes another child's treasure.

Jadeveon Clowney just made a fan out of me.
You're welcome!

I assume you already know about fragrantica, but if not, check it out.  [Here's the 1725 page on fragrantica](https://www.fragrantica.com/perfume/Histoires-de-Parfums/1725-4491.html).  I love the column off to the left that shows other scents people who like this also like.
I don't know who the heck downvoted you, but here's an upvote because you made me laugh.  Cheers!
That's true, but the idea of experimenting with cooking is intimidating for me.  It inspires me to not cook at all because it just reinforces that I don't know what I'm doing.  On the other hand, having specific instructions encourages me to cook because I know what I need and what to do.
Thanks!  I cannot emphasize enough that I'm not a cook, so specific instructions help a lot.
When you say "scramble it up" do you mean just toss it around in the pan, or just sort of swirl it around with a spatula or something?  Or do you mean make actual scrambled eggs with milk?
> And go wild with herbs and spices. Experiment and see what you like.

I'm not at all a cook, so experimenting isn't something I know how to do.  I'm much better with being given specific instructions to follow.  But the first part of your comment is really good.
> Hate people who get an ego stroke because they own expensive fragrances.

I agree.  I mean, really...  when you're wearing something, nobody can see the label on the bottle, so the only thing that matters is how it smells and how it performs (for me, the best performance is great longevity but only moderate projection).

> Scent is scent at the end of the day.

EXACTLY.

These all get me compliments, especially on dates:  
Reflection Man by Amouage  
Hanae Mori H.M.  
1725 by Histoires De Parfums  
Curve (yes, Curve)  
Royal Oud by Creed  
...three of them are niche, but Hanae Mori costs less than $20 online and you can find Curve at places like Ross for around $15.

If it smells good, it *is* good.  Designer?  Niche?  Meh...  who cares.  Not me.
The term is vague at best and mostly meaningless, so don't let yourself get hung up on it.

For example: Is Gendarme niche?  What about Al Rehab?  Penhaligon's?  Kiehl's?  Lush?  Penhaligon's makes accessories, but so does Creed.

None of it matters.  The term tends to only be important to people who like to look down on designers.  In my opinion, if it smells good it *is* good.
No doubt about that.
Is OKC making these recent changes because they're owned by Match, and Match is finally sick of OKC taking away potential customers?

The recent changes seem more likely to push people off the site rather than bring more people to it.  I haven't been on the site in months, but I was thinking about starting again in early 2018...  but these changes seem awful.
That's a good question.  I don't remember.  I must have read about it online somewhere.

If you're not familiar...  1725 is basically a barbershop style scent, but it has a nice warm base (vanilla, almond, licorice, sandalwood, amber, etc).  I love it because it's like two frags in one.  In the air, it smells charming and well groomed.  But up close, it smells welcoming and cozy.

Sephora sells a discovery set of Histoires De Parfums samples for $20 and I HIGHLY recommend it.  1725 is awesome.  1740 is downright badass.  1899 is like a more gentlemanly Spicebomb.  Seriously good stuff.
Yeah, I'll be the first to admit, I don't understand why Curve is such a compliment getter.  Well, I sort of do...

I started wearing it a long time ago.  I was young and clueless & I had a date, so I thought I should buy a bottle of something so I'd smell nice.  Through the years, I've realized fragrance is irrelevant.  If a woman likes a man's personality and his style, she'll be interested.  If she doesn't, she won't.  Confidence and a smile will get a man further than any frag, but having a nice smell is a bonus.

Anyway, like I said...  I was young, clueless, and I had a date coming up so I bought a bottle of Curve.  I picked Curve because it was the only thing I didn't dislike out of whatever I smelled that day.  My date liked it, so I kept wearing it.  Through the years, I kept wearing it and I kept getting compliments.  I'm not a heavy sprayer, by the way.  3 sprays and I'm set.

A few years ago, I was going through some major life changes and I decided to up my style game - not for the sake of impressing people, but for myself.  That's when I started discovering things like 1725 by HdP.  It's AWESOME, and the feedback I've gotten on it from dates has been universally through the roof...  but the thing is...  I still wear Curve.  It's like an old friend, or a favorite pair of sneakers, y'know?

I think the reason women love Curve is that it has a mass appeal citrus/fruity opening over a musky base that wears like a second skin.  It isn't a "Hey, look at me!" kind of scent, and it isn't bold or daring.  It's just a friendly man smell.  It's very likable.  I have a theory that if it had been made by Chanel or Dior instead of Liz friggin' Claiborne, it would still sell for $80 a bottle at places like Nordstrom and Macy's.  But you can get it for $15 online.
Surely you can't be serious.
I guess he picked the wrong week to quit sniffing glue.
1725 by Histoires De Parfums.  
Royal Oud by Creed.  
Rose 31 by Le Labo.  
Aqua Celestia by MFK.  
H.M. by Hanae Mori.

Those are my top 5, though I could have also listed things like Prada L'Homme and Reflection Man by Amouage.  And, hey, Curve is a cheapie that still gets compliments.  It would probably be my most complimented if I wore it more often.

I tend to avoid scents that are really common or really loud.  I don't ever want to be *that guy.*  Obviously, Curve used to be very common, but that was over a decade ago.
> I took a chance here. The reviews were too good.

That's precisely my point.  I can think of lots of scents with amazing reviews that do nothing for me, and some of my favorites get mixed reviews or are off the radar.  In fact, some of the scents that get me the most compliments get mixed reviews or are off the radar.

Reviews are great.  I always check them when researching new stuff to try...  but never forget those are other people's opinions.  The nose to trust is your own.
That's why you should sample first.

I don't get the whole blind buying thing.  I am my own person, with my own tastes and preferences.  Just because the hype-crowd goes gaga for something doesn't mean I will.

The only way to know if something smells good to me is for me to smell it.

The only way to know if something wears well for me is for me to wear it.

That...  seems obvious.
Agreed.  I just unsubscribed.  r/frugal has become r/cheapskate.
This sub needs to figure out the difference between being frugal and being cheap.  Sheesh.
Try checking Preferences > External Editing > Color Space.

That shouldn't effect exporting...  but...  it's worth trying to see if there's a difference.
The original name of Original Vetiver was actually *Original Vertebrates*, because Creed dates back to the time when the first amphibians left the sea.

Everyone knows that.

Also: Napoleon battled the forces of Piedmont by hurling pineapples at them.  It was such an unexpected form of attack that Piedmont was hastily defeated.  While in retreat, Piedmont was repeatedly heard shouting "Avenge Us!", but his cries were misinterpreted as "Aventus!", causing his friends and foes alike to say "WTF?" which is particularly noteworthy since the term "WTF" wouldn't gain common usage for a few centuries in a different language...  but...  whatevs.  History is a fickle mistress.  Or is it power that's a fickle mistress?  Hhhhmmmm...  I'll have to ask my mistress.  She's into BDSM.  She'll know.
I'd love to see somebody go through this tax bill to see how much Greg Walden made himself richer by voting Yes.

The Corker Kickback kicks back to more members of congress than just Corker.

I wonder what other congress kickbacks are in this thing.

EDIT:  Downvotes?  Really?  You don't want to know if members of congress are abusing their power to make themselves rich?  I don't know what's worse: dirty government or citizens who are so partisan that they support dirty government so long as the dirty members are from their party.  Yikes.
They're not acting.  Republicans have known Trump was guilty since 2016:

> “There’s two people I think Putin pays: Rohrabacher and Trump.  Swear to God.”  
--McCarthy (R-Calif.)

> "This is an off the record.  NO LEAKS.  Alright?!  This is how we know we're a real family here."  
--Ryan (R-Wis.)

> [**June, 2016.**](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/house-majority-leader-to-colleagues-in-2016-i-think-putin-pays-trump/2017/05/17/515f6f8a-3aff-11e7-8854-21f359183e8c_story.html?utm_term=.5c01e14d2c63)

They knew.  Time (and hopefully Bob Mueller) will tell how many of them are guilty too.
This is such a fantastic app.  Even at twice the price, I'd recommend it.

I wish the developer would add a refresh icon to the toolbar at the top of the app instead of hiding it behind the "..." icon.  In fact, I'd like the ability to edit the toolbar, just as you can in other Mac apps.  But I do love this app and I'm glad I have it on both my Mac and iPhone.
I'd strongly recommend the [Atelier Cologne Discovery Set](http://www.ateliercologne.com/samples.html).  It costs $35 shipped and comes with 35 samples, plus a $35 coupon off the price of a bottle.
+1 for Millesime Imperial and Aqua Celestia.
Wow.  I don't get that impression at all.  Even when the two of them are on camera, McDonough looks miserable.
> ESPN couldn’t compete with that especially in their current financial state.

I suppose you're right.  It's a shame though.  Considering how much ESPN pays to air NFL games, they have such an awful play by play guy.  Even if they're cash strapped, I'm having a hard time believing they couldn't find someone better than Sean McDonough.
Romo does color, not play by play.

It's a shame they couldn't get somebody like Mike Tirico for MNF.  Oh, wait...
Jesus, how many times tonight is McDonuts going to insult Gruden?  That was at least #4.
And he just commented about Gruden's age too.  Damn.  It's Gruden's big night and McDonuts has slammed him multiple times on the air.

What. The. Fuck.
McDonuts is so jealous of Gruden.  He's insulted him multiple times tonight...  talking about his age, about him getting fired, and he made a nasty crack about Gruden being cheap.
Apparently not.  What did I miss?

Is the issue that McDonough doesn't like Gruden?

EDIT:  Never mind!  I'm guessing you meant the comment about Gruden being fired by the Bucs.  Yeah, I heard that one too.  That's twice tonight where he insulted his partner in the booth.  What the hell?
I don't understand why ESPN hired McDonough for MNF.  He sounds like he should be doing smaller school college games - or, better yet, small town classic rock radio.  His fake radio DJ voice sounds so bad.
What an asshole comment by Sean McDumbass.  Did anybody else catch the credit card slam?
"In the morning I will be sober"

--Winston Churchill
"Playoffs?  Talk about playoffs!  We can win a game!"

--Jim E. Mora
All you had to do is google the quote to find lots of info about that conversation.  Here's [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/house-majority-leader-to-colleagues-in-2016-i-think-putin-pays-trump/2017/05/17/515f6f8a-3aff-11e7-8854-21f359183e8c_story.html?utm_term=.5c01e14d2c63), who if I'm not mistaken, were first to report it.
[They have technology?](http://static.adweek.com/adweek.com-prod/wp-content/uploads/files/blogs/boring-hed-2016.jpg)
Stalin and Trump.

Never forget that we are living history.
> If Trump is not guilty they have nothing to worry about.

I think we're long past the point where "if" is a reasonable consideration.

Remember this?

> “There’s two people I think Putin pays: Rohrabacher and Trump.  Swear to God.”  
--Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.)

> "This is an off the record.  NO LEAKS.  Alright?!  This is how we know we're a real family here."  
--Paul Ryan (R-Wis.)

> **June, 2016.**

They know Trump is guilty.  They're trying to protect him with what seems like an obvious two-pronged strategy.  First, they shut down the congressional investigations, and second, they discredit Mueller.

Russia owns Trump and Trump owns Republicans in congress.
Fade Marv's flair.
Holy hell, THAT was a catch.  It's a shame when the rules lead to the incorrect result due to a technicality.

Ah well.
MMMMmmmmmmm...  they saved the most delicious tidbit for last:

> "sources say that transition officials assumed that Mueller would come calling, **and had sifted through the emails and separated the ones they considered privileged.** But the sources said that was for naught, since Mueller has the complete cache from the dozen accounts."
I'm a street shooter, but [I shoot objects (often details) instead of scenes or people](http://twenty200.com).  I knew I wanted small and light.  Not just a light body.  I wanted light glass.  That's an important distinction because people often talk about how small the Sony A7 is...  but the lenses are bigger and heavier.

That's what brought me to m4/3 back in 2013.

I chose an EM1 because I have huge hands and that thing fit me like a glove.  Also, because I was changing systems (I'd been a Nikon guy), I wanted to start with great body and great glass.  I'd always skimped before, but this time, I wanted to do it right.  So, I bought the EM1 and the 12-40 Pro lens.  Olympus was running some great combo deals back then (they often do), so buying them together made sense for me.

For you though...  since you mentioned this:

> I've looked for something that is reasonable easy to take with me (in jacket).

Are you sure you wouldn't be happier with something like [a Sony RX100](https://www.dpreview.com/reviews/sony-cybershot-dsc-rx100-iv)?
I'd take it a step further.

Democrats need to get off their asses and get to work for the working class.

While the Republican party becomes increasingly white (and white supremacist), the Democratic party needs to be the party for everyone.  White, black, brown, male, female, religious, non-religious, young, old, straight, gay, etc.

The Democratic party needs to become the people's party.  Either that, or it needs to become extinct.  I'm tired of the Democratic party trying to be center-right.  To hell with that.  The party needs to get back to working class values and working class priorities - not just in words, but in actions.
I was just coming here to say this was my favorite Devin Hester moment.  Man, I wish The Bears could have won that game.
Are you frugal or are you cheap?  There is a difference.

I've always been frugal, but I don't ever want to be cheap.
> I think your date was pretty shitty if she just bailed on you only because of that.

Oh, no.  That's not what I meant.  I meant, my date jumped on me.  She pretty much climbed on top of me.  That was why I said the sounds of my neighbors ended up getting me laid.  Sorry for the confusion there.
CONGRATS, MIAMI!!!
> I imagine it's her personal history with Trump that made her the choice for this

I imagine it's NBC's desperation to make her relevant.  Her show isn't doing well.  Greta Van Suchawackjob didn't fare well either after leaving Fox.  That's what happens when your career is based on having zero credibility.  It'll take a lot to wash the stink of being from the birther pro-Trump network off.
Yup.  My set of ten is the educator set.  I got them back in 2000.

The posters are each 17 inches tall by 10 inches wide.  They look fantastic when hung together using very minimal frames.  I have six in my living room and four above my dining room table.
For me, yes, because I moved again.
This sucks.

I'm not an Eagles fan, but I love good football, and Carson Wentz is good for the game.  He's incredibly talented and he seems like a great guy.  I feel the same way about Deshaun Watson for the Texans.  I hope they both heal quickly and come back better and stronger next year.

This year seems like it's been particularly brutal.  There have been so many terrible injuries.  I wouldn't feel bad if Roger Goodell fell down a flight of stairs or something like that, but I hate seeing bad things happen to good people.
What about "Mommy"?

A few years ago, on the day I was moving into a new apartment, I heard the neighbor next door shouting "Mommy!  Mommy!  Oh, mommy!"  I thought "God dammit.  They have a kid, in a studio apartment?!?"  Nobody wants to live next door to loud neighbors.

...but then I heard another voice shout "You're a dirty girl!!!"

During the time it took to unload a truck's worth of boxes & furniture and shuffle it into my new apartment, it became obvious that my neighbors were two women in love, or at least in lust.

I lived next door to them for a year, and the loud sex followed by a fight became a common occurrence, though sometimes the fight came first.  Actually, I think Mommy usually came first.

Anyway...  I never did figure out which one of them was Mommy and which one was Dirty Girl...  and that's not the sort of thing one can ask during neighborly chit-chat in the elevator.

*"Hi, I'm Neapola...  and you must be...  Mommy?  Or are you Dirty Girl?"*

Nope.  Can't say that.  Can't ask either.  Nope.

God damn, I hate apartments with thin walls.  On the other hand, I'm pretty sure those ladies got me laid once.  I had a date over one evening and my neighbors started going at it.  I was so embarrassed.  I turned up the stereo, hoping my date wouldn't notice the noise next door, but as the song faded out, we could clearly hear them.

*"...oh Mommy!!!  OH MOMMY!!!"*  
*"Who's my dirty girl!?!?""*  
*"I'm so dirty mommy!!!  I'm...  I'm...  I'm almost there!!!"*  
*"NO!!!  Wait for mommy!!!"*  
*"Come, mommy, come!!!"*

My date was the sweetest, most adorably shy woman, and she looked horrified.  Or, at least, I thought she looked horrified, but I completely misread her facial expression because, a few seconds after the next song kicked in and drowned out the neighbors, my date pretty much jumped me.
> Edit: can't remember how to hashtag rather than bold.

Don't worry.  It's funnier in bold!
Awesome.  I've never seen the Luci & Dezi one.

I regret not buying a few more of these years ago.  I'd love to own the Muhammad Ali one.
I'm so sorry about that.
Does anybody else hate the sound of Joe Flacco's cadence as much as I do?  He sounds like a pirate.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAHHY!!!  MATEY!!!  ONE EIGHTY!!!!  AAAAAAAAAY!!!!"
I don't have the quote, but I have a series of ten Think Different black & whites, framed.  They were a gift from an ex.  [You can see six of them here](https://www.flickr.com/photos/jalpuna/34153042585/in/dateposted-public/) (along with a pair of Apple remotes I've repurposed using a Flirc usb IR receiver and a bunch of Applescripts.  The white one controls my Philips Hue lights, and the silver one controls iTunes.  It's a slick setup)
Yep.  I'm seeing it on Safari on my Mac too.
Link please?  Are there any specific ones you'd recommend?
You've done an excellent job.

Personally, I would opt for an oval coffee table in front of the couch.  The coffee table you've chosen looks fantastic, but it also looks like it might be a bit oversized for the room.  Or is it just too blocky here?  I'm not sure, but something about it looks a bit... off.
I'll take "Quotes That Will Be Used Out Of Context" for a thousand, Alex.
Exactly.

Some people are just born bad.

Years ago, I went on a few dates with a woman who was struggling financially & she would complain about how expensive it was to go to a doctor.  I bumped into her a decade or so later.  She'd married a guy who is rich and, wow what a shocker, she was bitching about Obamacare, and how her taxes were being wasted on people who are lazy.  A year later, she's divorced and suddenly cares about affordable healthcare again.

Too many people only give a damn if something benefits themselves directly, and when they no longer need it, they don't want it to be available for anyone else...  but if they someday need it again, they'll change their minds again and want it to be there.
I've been using Hue since early 2013, so I've adapted to it quite a bit.  Scenes are all I use.

For example: TV.  I have a scene that turns on my living room lights and turns off the lamp on the far side of the room so it won't glare off the TV screen.  One click sets up the lighting for the whole room the way I want it (it actually turns on some other lights in the kitchen too).  And I have a scene for watching movies that turns all of the lights way down with a reddish glow so the room will be dark but lit well enough to see, and it dims the kitchen too, but leaves enough light for getting a drink or a snack.

Like I said, I don't think of my lights as individual fixtures or even individual lamps.  Instead, I think about how I want my space lit for specific activities.

My scenes are kind of obvious:

"Bright" - bright light for reading or working on stuff.  
"Ambiance" - soft, warm light, for entertaining.  
"TV" - lighting for watching TV at night.  
"Movies" - dim lighting for watching movies.  
"Bed" - lighting for the bedroom that dims the rest.  

I live alone, so this sort of setup works well for me, especially since my space is an open loft.

If I lived in a house or even a home with totally separate rooms, I'd probably invest in a bunch of Hue Dummer Switches, but don't let the name fool you.  The switch has 4 buttons: On & Off and Up & Down for dimming, but you can also reassign the buttons to do other things using other apps, such as triggering specific scenes instead of dimming up and down.

I think the Hue system is extremely versatile, but it takes some effort to figure out what you want from it and how to adapt it to suit your needs.

My favorite thing about Hue is that it has an open and well documented API.  I bought a Raspberry Pi and a Flirc usb IR receiver, and I whipped up some code that lets me assign Hue scenes to buttons on my universal remote (I have 5 scene buttons plus a 6th button that turns all lights off).  It's an awesome setup that took a while to make, but I've been using it for a few years and its been rock solid.  I absolutely love having my lights on a universal remote.  I'm not using a fancy remote, by the way...  just a cheap Sony universal remote.  It's fantastic.
I don't think a wifi adapter will do the job since what you have is TWO wifi networks.  You have your dorm's wifi network which provides you internet, and you have your own wifi network, which connects all of your stuff (your Mac, your phone, your Hue, etc).

Two totally separate networks: your building's and your own.

What I did was connect a wifi router to another wifi router.  The first router picks up the wifi internet and sends it over ethernet to the second router.  The second router serves the internet to my stuff.
Social Security will be under attack after Medicare.

Paul Ryan used Social Security to put himself through college...  so, of course, because government assistance helped him, he wants to make sure it won't be there for anyone else.

Paul Ryan is a fraud.
I don't think of my lights as individual fixtures.  I think of them as parts of a lighting scene - similar to how I don't think of my stereo speakers as individual items.  They're part of my stereo system.

So, I set up the bulbs of a lamp that takes more than one within a scene.

I have 5 bulbs in my living room, but three are in one lamp.  I like being able to set them up individually even though they all turn on or off together within a scene.

To be honest, I only use the Hue app to set up or edit a scene.  The Hue app isn't very good.

I don't bother with 'rooms' at all.  I use scenes, and I have all bulbs within the same room in the Hue app.  This allows me to have scenes that control multiple rooms in my home.  For example, I have a scene that turns the living room and kitchen on & the bedroom off.  I have another scene that turns everything off except the bedroom.
I'm in a similar situation because I live in a building with wireless internet.  My solution was to buy an Airport Express wireless router on ebay and plug it into my Airport Extreme wireless router ethernet port.

So...  the Airport Express picks up my building's wifi.  The Airport Extreme is my router for wifi, Hue, Wemo, etc.

The only annoying thing about this setup is that I have to unplug the Airport Express from the router and plug it directly into my Mac to set it up the first time (to connect it to my building's wifi).  Once I did that, I unplugged it from my Mac and plugged it into my router's WAN ethernet port as if it was a cable modem.
> Carter Page is a total Buster.

Oh my god.  You nailed it.  Carter Page was born to be Buster.  He's capable of nothing more.

Kellyanne Conway is Lucile Two.
> Now, the story of a wealthy family who lost everything, and the one son who had no choice but to keep them all together.

> It's Arrested Development.

I assume Eric will be the only one who's not in prison...  so...  Eric Trump will be the real-life Michael Bluth.  THAT'S comedy.

Melania is already Lucile.

Donald Jr. is DEFINITELY Gob.

Trump will be both the father and George Michael, and Ivanka will be Maebe.
The fact that NAZIs weren't the last straw tells us so much about today's GOP.
>  Outside of the usual “relax” and “night light” I’ve found purple is the best general color. It’s non abrasive and calming and it does not remind me of anything else where as blue feels like the tv is on.

+1

It doesn't even need to be a vivid purple.  I added just a bit of purple to my lights for a scene I made for watching TV (it also dims the lamp on the other side of the room, directly across from the TV, to prevent reflections).  The light doesn't look purple since I only added a little color, but it really helps to make the colors look more vivid on the TV.  I'd highly recommend this!
The answer to the issues of Thursday Night Football is so simple: Add an extra bye week, extending the regular season to 18 weeks, and cut the preseason down to 4 weeks.

Give each team two bye weeks: one immediately before their scheduled Thursday night game, and the other placed somewhere during the opposite half of the season.
Good to know!  I ordered one yesterday, but I won't receive it for a few days.  I've been using Hue since 2013 and I'm a huge fan of the system.  I finally decided I want a lightswitch for my Hue at the front door, and the Hue Dimmer Switch should be perfect.
Asterisk.
Targeting the head of a defenseless player: 1 game suspension.

Deflate a football ever so slightly:  4 game suspension.

Wait.  What?!
Interesting.  Thanks for the info!
HATE Hate hate those auto-previews.  There's what looks like a mute button, but clicking it doesn't do anything.
Why is he claiming attorney client privilege for a meeting between himself and his father?  ...because his attorney was in the room?  Was it even HIS attorney?

That's not how attorney client privilege works, Donny.
This isn't new.  Watch him say "Russia" during [the interview he did with Lester Holt](http://www.cnn.com/2017/05/12/politics/trump-comey-russia-thing/index.html), where he said:

> "When I decided to just do it I said to myself, I said 'Y'know, this **Rusher** thing with Trump and Russia is a made up story'..."
That story again: Man who Trump wants to fire satisfied with the work of man Trump REALLY wants to fire.
> willy nilly

Dilly Dilly!
> NFL schedules two Bengals-Steelers games for primetime in 2018

EXACTLY.

I realize you're joking, but your point is important.  There are so many ways the NFL could easily punish teams that don't stop their games from getting out of hand or even dirty.  One easy way: track dirty plays & keep teams that pass a certain threshold out of primetime games.  There are many other ways.

Everybody knew last night's game would be ugly.  The NFL knew.
> if the smell of pouring rain onto concrete is akin to strong violet leaf than send me a ticket.

Nobody questions that violet, when combined with other notes, can smell like gasoline.  But wet concrete seems impossible?

To me, Narciso Rodriguez For Him smells kind of like wet concrete if I close me eyes.
Dear Harvard;  You're smart enough to know it doesn't matter how many millennials there are until they show up to vote.  Most don't.  I sure hope that changes in 2018, but time will tell.
I agree...  but let's not forget, Mittens is the etch-a-sketch guy.

He's also the one who strapped his dog to the roof of the family car during a cross country trip, only to have the poor horrified dog piss itself, sending urine streaming in through the open windows, onto the family (who deserved it).

He's also the guy who said 47% of Americans believe they are victims, dependent on government.

And he's the guy who said he has binders full of women.

I don't believe for one moment that Mitt would put the country above his party.  Nope, nope, and more NOPE.
The NFL needs to make sure certain games have their best refs in order to keep things under control.  It's shocking the league doesn't realize this.  Then again, I think the league needs new management as badly as the Bengals do.
Let me take a guess.  A Bengals fan?

It's time for the Bengals to clean house.  Bad management leads to a bad culture on the field and in the stands.
Yeah, I hated seeing him say that.  That's awful.
Dalton seems like a good guy.  It's a shame a few players make it look like the whole team is dirty...  but that's what happens when you have poor management.  Lewis needs to go.
Cincinnati, to the Pitt of misery.  DILLY DILLY!
...says the guy whose team keeps getting caught cheating.
The Bengals need a new coach and a new culture.  Hell, if I had my way, they'd clean house with damn near all of their management.
> Surely this can't be right.

That has been the mantra since Trump declared his presidency by championing bigotry back in 2015 - before the collusion with Russia.
I think that's overdue.  You guys have had so much talent during Garrett's tenure with so little to show for it.
Is it normal for teams to bench a QB who won them 2 Super Bowls?

McAdoo needed to be shown the McAdoor, and there's no reason to wait until January to start looking for his replacement.  By January - or worse, February - The Giants would be competing against other teams for available HC and or GM talent.  They might as well get a jump on the competition.

I wonder which other teams will fire their head coaches in the next few months.  The Bears?  Browns?  Bengals?  Colts?  ...maybe more?
Any thoughts on where Case Keenum will be next year?  It seems crazy to think he'd be Bridgewater's backup after a season like this.
Eli has two Super Bowl rings.
~~Stupid~~ is as ~~stupid~~ does.  
Corrupt is as corrupt does.
McAdoo McAtold us he was McAfired when he started Geno Smith.  Now, his key card won't open the McAdoor.
Youvegottabekiddingme.

That's FANTASTIC.

I was coming here to say how much I enjoyed the side by side shots of your progress...  but then when I realized the little dot is Io.  It made me appreciate the second shot even more.  Well done!
> The issue is that you need to keep people who know fashion around. Someone who is actually into fashion isn't going to stick around if there's nothing here for them.

That is absolutely true.  The problem is, this sub tends to discourage advice threads, even if unintentionally, so the majority of the sub ends up being what you referred to as "other threads."  Imagine going to an iPhone App Advice sub and most of the threads are about Android, or the mobile phone industry, or whatever.  That may lead to lots of great discussion, but it's not iPhone App Advice.

Again, I completely understand your point, but I think MFA would benefit a lot from trying to offer advice.  Currently, the sub looks like it's less than 10% advice threads.  Maybe not even 5%.  And it often seems like the same clique of people posting again and again.  Perhaps, if the sub was more about male fashion advice, more people would take part in asking for advice and sharing advice.

I suspect that a lot of people don't participate in discussions here because the sub isn't particularly welcoming to newcomers or to people looking for male fashion **advice.**  I want to be clear here: I'm not saying there isn't great content.  There is.  But most of it isn't about advice, or helping people learn to dress better.

In a perfect world, this sub would stay mostly as it is, but it would be renamed Male Fashion Talk or Male Fashion Discussion, and then we'd have a new sub with actual Male Fashion Advice.

> I choose terrible ones because I can and you can't stop me. Live with it.

There's no need to be rude.
> ....did you even read the thread? Lmao.

No.  I clicked the arrow to see the image in order to decide if the thread was a waste of time.  It was a garbage joke image, so I didn't waste my time with the thread.

The whole point of the first image is to be an example of the album.
> What is your definition of "Male Fashion Advice"?

It's self explanatory.  Male fashion advice should be a place to get advice on male fashion.

> What content do you believe newcomers are searching for?

They're looking for advice on male fashion.  Which jeans?  Which shoes?  Which sweaters, jackets, belts?  Where can they find button down shirts that can be worn untucked without being taken to a tailor first?

They want to see real world fits, not [joke fits](https://www.reddit.com/r/malefashionadvice/comments/7h3ql8/top_down_aerial_crotch_shot_waywt/) or fits that look like they belong on creatures in the bar on Star Wars (I'm referring to the fits with capes and stuff that looks like it drapes to the floor

Basically, if a guy wants advice on male fashion, Male Fashion Advice seems like a reasonable place to go...  but most of what's on MFA is fashion discussion that isn't about advice, and it's pics that aren't about advice on how to dress better.

> Is there any change you'd like to see from the community?

I'd try to make the community focussed on male fashion advice.

It seems like mods want to discourage questions.  They want questions to be posted in the Simple Questions threads, but too many of those go unanswered.  I don't even bother posting there since I know I won't get much help, and most people who would be helpful probably don't see the questions in those threads since they get buried down the page.

Reddit needs a place where guys who need male fashion advice can find male fashion advice.  Most of what's in MFA should be in a Male Fashion Discussion sub.  I'm definitely not saying the content here is bad.  There's lots of great content here...  but if you want help baking a cake and you go to the Cake Baking Advice sub, you should find cake baking advice.  Most of what's in Male Fashion Advice isn't male fashion advice.
It's a shame subs can't be easily renamed.  MFA is a great sub (well, sometimes it is), but isn't a sub about Male Fashion Advice.  Look at how many of the posts aren't about advice.  Here's the first few at the top of the page right now:

[The State of Fashion: Amsterdam!](https://www.reddit.com/r/malefashionadvice/comments/7hbpb5/the_state_of_fashion_amsterdam/)  ...I'm sure it's a great discussion, but it's not advice.

[Recent Purchases - December 03](https://www.reddit.com/r/malefashionadvice/comments/7harzx/recent_purchases_december_03/)  ...that's fun, but it's not advice.

[Top Down / Aerial / Crotch Shot WAYWT](https://www.reddit.com/r/malefashionadvice/comments/7h3ql8/top_down_aerial_crotch_shot_waywt/)  ...it's a garbage joke post.

[I See Your Upgrade and Raise You](https://www.reddit.com/r/malefashionadvice/comments/7h4q1c/i_see_your_upgrade_and_raise_you/)  ...somebody bought new boots.  That's nice, I guess, but it's not advice.

[Dries Van Noten of Getting Lost in Fashion's Circus](http://www.papermag.com/dries-van-noten-business-of-fashion-2514078846.html)  ...that's an interesting article, but it's not advice.

[Uniqlo: Star Wars - The Last Jedi Collection](https://imgur.com/a/j9l4X)  ...pics of Star Wars t-shirts.  Not advice.

[Terrible shopping experience with Farah. What's yours?](https://www.reddit.com/r/malefashionadvice/comments/7h2j18/terrible_shopping_experience_with_farah_whats/)  ...that's a fun discussion, perhaps, but it's not a thread for advice.

I could keep going.

I'm not saying the non-advice posts are bad.  They drive a lot of conversation, but for anyone looking for male fashion advice, MFA isn't the place to find it.  Most of what's posted in this sub isn't advice.  It's a shame too, because reddit really needs a sub for male fashion advice.
Does anybody have a list of all of the dirty things in the tax bill?  Like the deductions for hedge fund managers and golf club owners?

Somebody should do a compare and contrast with the things Republicans fought to fund versus the things they aren't willing to fund.
Republicans have admitted it.

> @RepChrisCollins (R-NY) on tax reform: ["My donors are basically saying, 'Get it done or don’t ever call me again.'"](https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/11/7/16618038/house-republicans-tax-bill-donors-chris-collins)
There will be no impeachment with Republicans in control.  Republicans are so dirty that they support a pedophile for senate while they work to obstruct investigations into how an adversarial foreign power influenced the 2016 election.

If Russia had thrown the election in Clinton's favor, those same Republicans would be ready to declare war.  But since Russia threw the election for their guy, they're cool with it.

It's fine for anyone to undermine American democracy so long as they do it for an (R), apparently.  That attitude should be considered to be a form of treason.
> Translation: Mitchy doesn't find collusion and obstruction of justice inappropriate...

...if a Republican does it.

Mitch is dirty.


The tax bill was never about trickle down economics (which is a sham).

The tax bill is about payback for Republican donors.

It's a bribe.

In a few decades, Republicans will be trying trickle-down lies again.  They won't be satisfied until they can explicitly tax the poor to give to the rich.
> “There’s two people I think Putin pays: Rohrabacher and Trump.  Swear to God.”  
--McCarthy (R-Calif.)

> "This is an off the record.  NO LEAKS.  Alright?!  This is how we know we're a real family here."  
--Ryan (R-Wis.)

**June, 2016.**

Every god damned one of them knew.
I think you missed the reference the person above you was making.  Rex Tillerson, the Secretary Of State, called Trump a [fucking moron](http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/war_stories/2017/10/now_we_know_why_rex_tillerson_called_donald_trump_a_moron.html).  And Trump was furious.
On the first day of treason throughout the G.O.P.  
A Cheeto in conspiracy.

On the second day of treason throughout the G.O.P.  
Mueller get's appointed    
for a Cheeto in conspiracy

On the third day of treason throughout the G.O.P.  
Russian calling cards  
Mueller get's appointed    
for a Cheeto in conspiracy

On the fourth day of treason throughout the G.O.P.  
Papodopa-DONE-FOR  
Russian calling cards  
Mueller get's appointed    
for a Cheeto in conspiracy

On the fifth day of treason throughout the G.O.P.  
FIVE - GUILTY - PLEAS  
Papodopa-DONE-FOR  
Russian calling cards  
Mueller get's appointed    
for a Cheeto in conspiracy

On the sixth day of treason throughout the G.O.P.  
Mike Flynn is now a felon  
FIVE - GUILTY - PLEAS  
Papodopa-DONE-FOR  
Russian calling cards  
Mueller get's appointed    
for a Cheeto in conspiracy

On the seventh day of treason throughout the G.O.P.  
Kushner gets indicted  
Mike Flynn is now a felon  
FIVE - GUILTY - PLEAS  
Papodopa-DONE-FOR  
Russian calling cards  
Mueller get's appointed    
for a Cheeto in conspiracy

On the eighth day of treason throughout the G.O.P.  
Hicks hopes she's forgotten  
Kushner gets indicted  
Mike Flynn is now a felon  
FIVE - GUILTY - PLEAS  
Papodopa-DONE-FOR  
Russian calling cards  
Mueller get's appointed    
for a Cheeto in conspiracy

On the ninth day of treason throughout the G.O.P.  
Gates is sent to prison  
Hicks hopes she's forgotten  
Kushner gets indicted  
Mike Flynn is now a felon  
FIVE - GUILTY - PLEAS  
Papodopa-DONE-FOR  
Russian calling cards  
Mueller get's appointed    
for a Cheeto in conspiracy

On the tenth day of treason throughout the G.O.P.  
Manifort's doing time  
Gates is sent to prison  
Hicks hopes she's forgotten  
Kushner gets indicted  
Mike Flynn is now a felon  
FIVE - GUILTY - PLEAS  
Papodopa-DONE-FOR  
Russian calling cards  
Mueller get's appointed    
for a Cheeto in conspiracy

On the eleventh day of treason throughout the G.O.P.  
Pence is out of office  
Manifort's doing time  
Gates is sent to prison  
Hicks hopes she's forgotten  
Kushner gets indicted  
Mike Flynn is now a felon  
FIVE - GUILTY - PLEAS  
Papodopa-DONE-FOR  
Russian calling cards  
Mueller get's appointed    
for a Cheeto in conspiracy

On the twelfth day of treason throughout the G.O.P.  
Comey gets the last laugh  
Pence is out of office  
Manifort's doing time  
Gates is sent to prison  
Hicks wears an orange jumpsuit  
Kushner gets indicted  
Mike Flynn is now a felon  
FIVE - GUILTY - PLEAS  
Papodopa-DONE-FOR  
Russian calling cards  
Mueller get's appointed    
for a Cheeto in conspiracy!!!
It's beginning to look a lot like Mueller  
everywhere they go.  
Take a look at Flynn's guilty plea,  
for Kushner we'll wait and see  
Pence, Gates and Papodopoolis to follow.

It's beginning to look a lot like treason,  
with Russians at every door.  
But the prettiest sight to see,  
the joy within you and me  
when Trump is POTUS no more.
John McCain, 2001:

> “I cannot in good conscience support a tax cut in which so many of the benefits go to the most fortunate among us, at the expense of middle-class Americans who most need tax relief”

John McCain 2017 is a fraud, but then again, he was a fraud when he ran for president in 2008, so this comes as no surprise.
Jesus, the NFL had the screen covered up with multiple ads at the same time (for Papa John's), and they wonder why ratings are down.

I hate that shit.
Actually, no, Republicans don't forget about the Bush tax cuts.  They forget about the great recession which followed them.

Sarah Huckabee Sanders was just on the podium moments ago, talking about how the Bush tax cuts spurred growth and jobs.

...1929.  
...1987.  
...2007.  
...2017?
Here's the crazy thing: There are still women in Alabama who will vote for Roy Moore.

Black people rarely vote Republican, because the Republican party is racist...  but no matter how much women complain about sexism (and they're right to do so!), 38% of female voters identify as Republican.  The Republican party is so sexist it works toward legislating discrimination against them, yet they vote Republican.  Blacks don't.  Hispanics don't.  But women do.  38% of female voters voted for the party that actively works to legalize discrimination against them.  That's fucked up.

I have trouble respecting anyone who gets so wrapped up in party politics they'd align with the party that fucking discriminates against them.  That's crazy!

The Republican party would be wiped out if women stopped supporting it.  Wiped out.  And that would force the end of politicians legislating sexism.  It would force the end of panels of men determining women's healthcare.  It would force the end of men deciding what's best for women's bodies.  It would take one full election cycle (meaning, a full six years to wipe out the sexism and bigotry in the White House, Senate, House, and local offices).  One full election cycle.

It's never going to happen though.
To paraphrase Bill Clinton:  *It's The Tax Bill, Stupid.*

Trump is going into maximum distraction mode in order to keep the awful tax bill out of the news... because he needs a win.
When I go to that link, I get the following message:

> PrimeVideo.com is currently unavailable for your account

And yet, I'm subscribed to Amazon Prime and have been watching Prime Video for a year.  It makes no sense that the link doesn't work.  There's nothing weird about my Amazon Prime account.  I'm in the U.S. with a standard annual subscription.
correction: McAdon't
Are they still in the NFL?  I thought they got demoted to arena football.
I will laugh if the 49ers win their way out of the #2 pick in the draft.  They sucked all year, up until the point where their awfulness would earn them the #2 pick overall - maybe even the #1 pick...  and then, only then, do they start winning.
I'm amazed he isn't having them make fake Made In America tags for his foreign crap.
If the Giants want to know whether or not Davis Webb has a shot at being their future QB, it makes no sense to start Geno Smith.

There are five games left and the Giants are out of the playoffs.  They should use the 5 games to figure out what they have and what they need for next year, because this year is done.

Do the Giants need their first pick in the next draft to be a QB?  Starting Geno Smith won't help them figure that out, so it's a waste of time to start him.
Perhaps...  but at this point, they get more out of losing since winning would knock them down the draft.
At 2 & 9, The Giants currently have a lock on the #3 pick in the 2018 draft, if not higher depending on how the 49ers do for the rest of the season (The Browns are a lost cause).

Is there any benefit for them to win any more games this season?

They could lose the #3 pick to the Bears, Broncos, Colts, who are currently at 3 wins...  maybe even the Jets, Dolphins, Bucs, Texans, who are currently at 4 wins...  and let's not forget the Chargers, Raiders, Bengals, Cowboys, Redskins, Cardinals & Packers are only at 5 wins.

At this point, any team that is out of the playoffs will harm their draft position by winning.
He's a stand up sit down guy.
Yes, but our government doesn't follow the rule of law anymore...  so...
Are you kidding?

I'd question the judgment of anyone who thinks Amazon Prime shouldn't change its UI.  My god, it's awful.  Amazon Prime Video doesn't even have a home page link.  What the...?

netflix.com takes you to Netflix.

For Amazon Prime Video, the link is something like:  
https://www.amazon.com/Amazon-Video/b/?&node=28584355474&were&too&stupid&to&code&a&fucking&link&432876423965423&blarghwedontcare&79504368025
Yeah, where IS square 66?
The sub should have a sticky post at the top where people can post that stuff...  and all new "Finally got one" posts should be deleted with a reminder to post in the stickied thread instead.
I only thought ahead this time because I've made a similar mistake before.  Been there, done that!
Yup.  I changed the name of the old version to Scrivener 2 before dropping the new version into my applications folder because you can't have 2 apps with the same name, and I didn't want Scrivener v3 to be automatically named Scrivener 2 since there was already a Scrivener in my apps folder.
Yes.
> They should know it is no good to anybody.

That's the problem.  It IS good for somebody.  It's good for the ISPs and it's good for the wallets of politicians who are owned by lobbyists.  Republican politicians are owned.  They're bought and paid for by lobbyists which is why they fight against things like healthcare and the internet.  They are owned.  If republicans in congress could get more money by opposing the NRA, they'd be for gun regulations in an instant.  Hell, if lobbyists wanted them to, Republicans in congress would pass laws to force all children to dress like Smurfs.  They are owned.

Republicans in congress don't care about being on the wrong side of history if they can get money now.
George Carlin once said to think about how stupid the average person is, and then realize "half of 'em are stupider than THAT."

Trump cornered the stupid vote by turning the election into reality TV.  Stupid people bought his shtick, hook, line and sinker.  Trump isn't a populist.  He's an opportunist.

P.S.  Rest in peace, George.
> [**That makes me smart**](https://www.cnbc.com/2016/09/26/trump-brags-about-not-paying-taxes-that-makes-me-smart.html)

> --Donald Trump, as he bragged about not paying taxes.
> we just let him continue to destroy everything.

We?

Democrats are in the minority.  
Republicans are in cahoots.
**[gofccyourself.com](http://gofccyourself.com)**

John Oliver & Last Week Tonight set up that link to take you directly to the page on the FCC's website where you can comment about their plan to gut Net Neutrality.
Click on:  
+ New Filing

Please, share that link with anyone you know.
> There won't be an economic boom because Gary Cohen met with CEOs and asked them if they would invest because of this and they all said no, just give it to their shareholders.

THIS.

> During an event with the top White House economic adviser, Gary Cohn, CEOs were asked whether they would increase investment if the GOP's tax overhaul passed.

> Few did, prompting Cohn to ask, [**"Why aren't the other hands up?"**](http://www.businessinsider.com/trump-gop-tax-plan-gary-cohn-bill-2017-11)

Trickle down doesn't work because if you give people money, the way they use it depends on their income.

The poor will use it to buy necessities like food or pay rent.  
The middle class will probably use it to pay down debt.  
The rich keep it to add to their wealth.
Bears shit in the woods.
I assume whoever owned the computer that crunched this data is already a bitcoin gazillionaire.
Nothing says Thanksgiving or the spirit of the holidays like shutting down your charitable foundation.

Compassionate Conservatism, in it's most true form.  Take from the rich and keep from the poor.
What the hell was that?  We just gave up 3 points.
> Make Assholes Get Attorneys

You're not wrong about that.  It's just that sometimes the assholes are also attorneys.  Hhhhmmmm...  do asshole attorneys get asshole attorneys?  MAAGAA!!!?
At this point, I don't even think the asterisk wants to be associated with Trump.

Is the asterisk strictly an Esquire thing?  It's good to see them referring to the cheeto with an asterisk.  I wouldn't be surprised if we start seeing more references to the presidency in quotes (as in, the "president") since he lost the people's vote by millions and will probably lose the presidency next year.
MAGA!

...make attorneys get attorneys...
Is it too early to nominate Robert Mueller for 2018's Person Of The Year?
It should say:  
"Vote for the pedophile!  Because millionaires want tax cuts!"

Most people's taxes will go up if the GOP's plan passes...  but the rich will get much richer.
> OS 9, stable? It was completely rubbish.

To be fair, I meant in comparison to OS 8, and especially 8.5.

8.6 was stable, but for me, it wasn't as stable as the later days of System 7 were.

I found OS 9 to be stable, but it could also be that I more or less mastered the art of working with it.  I had a stable classic Mac setup running until...  oh, geez...  2007?  OSX was on my main OS, but I had 9.2 (or whatever the last version of 9) running on a separate HD on a Quicksilver G4 until I finally sold off the whole thing in 2009.

It's funny to think back on the days of extensions folders and control panels.  I remember shuffling items in & out of those two damn folders every time I'd experience a crash, trying to figure out what caused the conflict.

It's amazing how stable the modern Mac OS is these days compared to what we worked with in the old days.
Balls.

(for full effect, do your best impression of Geoff Peterson while reading that)
> No one want this in the history books.

I disagree.

Those who don't learn from history are doomed to repeat it.
> How can someone in such a big office be so small?

Here's [a real quote from Trump](http://www.cnn.com/2016/03/03/politics/donald-trump-small-hands-marco-rubio/index.html) about smallness.

> "Look at those hands, are they small hands?" the front-runner for the GOP presidential nomination said, raising them for viewers to see. "And, he referred to my hands -- 'if they're small, something else must be small.' I guarantee you there's no problem. I guarantee."

This is the man over 60 million people voted for in the general election.  Granted, he lost the popular vote by millions...  but still...  this is the man over 60 million people voted for.

Sadly, there are a lot of small people in this country.
> OS X is indeed the 10th major Mac operating system.

It wasn't, really.

System 8 was actually just Mac OS 7.7, but they renamed it to 8 for the sake of a legal loophole, to prevent Mac clones from being able to use it (since they were only licensed to use System 7).  So, Mac OS 8 was only 8 for the sake of the name.  It was really still System 7.  And 9 was just a stable version of 8 (in fact, it was initially numbered 8.7).  I feel bad for anybody who remembers using 8.5.  Holy hell, that was an unstable mess, but 8.6 made it relatively stable.

Even among OSX releases, the new numbers didn't always represent a new OS.  Sometimes, the changes were major.  Other times, not.
Me too.  Maybe they're slowly phasing in this terrible change?
He absolutely DOES fantasize about getting more power.  He often complains about the limitations on his power.  The dumbass had (and still only has?) a middle school grade level understanding of democracy and the power of the presidency.
I do not understand what they were thinking when they set the furniture the way they did.

They lined up [one living room right next to another living room in the same big room](https://ssl.c.photoshelter.com/img-get-f/homepolish/Designerportfolios/fit=2048x1440/Holland15.jpg) with no partition or separation...?  Yes, they're using rugs to define each of the two sitting areas, but why put two living room's next to each other in the same big room, especially since there's [a third living room - yes, a third - just past the first two](https://ssl.c.photoshelter.com/img-get-f/homepolish/Designerportfolios/fit=2048x1440/Holland13.jpg)...?

...I don't get it.
> It would be hard to make it look awful, really.

They gave it a shot with that beach couch thing and the Welcome To The Circus sign.
No kidding!  Years ago, I rented a 750 sq/ft loft in Texas that had 18 foot ceilings.  It was a stunner...  but I had the opposite problem due to the climate.

In winter, my electric bill was maybe $30 a month, but holy hell, to keep it cool in summers I was paying over $150.  And that was nearly 20 years ago.

Did they say what the square footage on this place is?
They forgot to add Advice Section #5: Be A Millionaire So You Can Buy A Space Like This.
Right, but it isn't automated.

How many purchases a month do you make?  I'm talking about every single purchase.  Soap.  A new wallet.  Snacks.  A bottle of wine.

With Earny, there's nothing to do.  You don't have to look up info on what you bought and if the price has changed.  It's all automated.  If you're curious, you can check the app every now and then to see how much money they've gotten back for you, but even if you don't bother to check...  if the price went down, regardless of whether you knew the price went down, you get the money back.
It doesn't give them the ability to use it - only to put credit on it.  I've been paid back around $30 and some change in the past few months.  It's good for any purchases made using the card, not just purchases on Amazon.
When in doubt, click over to other listings for that same item.

Also: download the **Earny** app and register your credit card.  Earny will check for price decreases during the refund/return period for items you purchased with that credit card.  If the price goes down, they do the legwork to get you a partial refund for the difference...  and you don't have to do anything to get it once you have the card registered with the app (it's all free).
Trump did more than just admit to sexual assault.  He bragged about it.

He bragged to Billy Bush in what he thought was a private conversation.

He bragged live, on air, on the Howard Stern Show.

He bragged about being able to sexually assault women.
Did I also hear a lot of Butter Butter tonight?
> but Trump is somehow immune when he openly admitted to it with audio...

Trump didn't just admit his crimes.  He BRAGGED.

> “When you’re a star they let you do it.  You can do anything.  Grab them by the pussy.  You can do anything.”

He bragged about sexual assault to Billy Bush, and he bragged about being a predator of teenage girls, among other things, on the Howard Stern show.

He bragged about it.
That still doesn't show the whole room, for perspective.  What's the the left?

In my opinion, I think you've got more important things to address than the prints on the wall.  Your whole space is gray and gray/beige.  You desperately need some color.  The easiest way would be to pick one color to work with, and add small pops of it through your space.  Swap out the dark gray throw pillow on the far right and replace it with a pillow that has color.  If the books are on your coffee table mostly for show, swap the black one out for a book with color, like a red binding instead of black - or, better yet, put a smaller red book on top of the black one.  You can't go wrong with the good ol' rule of threes.  Get a plant & put it in a painted pot that has color.

It doesn't take a lot of color to make a big impact.

If I were you, I'd keep the photos on the wall as they are until you've addressed more important things in your home.
Creed, Royal Oud.  It doesn't smell like The One, but it's similar in that it's a wonderful dry woody/spicy scent.
> Idiocy, or desperation?

Stupidity.

I see it all the time in the corporate world, where the suits get so caught up in their own jargon and spin that they've lost sight of how their customers think.

This is an easy example:  Yes, if Walmart's online prices are higher than their in-store prices, customers would be more likely to buy in-store rather than online.  That's true if they only consider the customers who shop online and in their stores.  I'd rather pay more than have to step foot in a Walmart.  And it's true if they only consider the customers who don't comparison shop for lower prices on other websites.
We'd need to see more shots of the room to get a better feel for how it all comes together.  I do think three rows of photos could be better - three across, two down - but it's hard to tell how widening the collage on the wall by adding more will affect the rest of the room since we can't see the rest of the room.

Also: Try spacing the frames closer together.  Maybe try making the space between the frames double the width of the edge of the mat for each print.
"My arm hurts.  Ooh, I know what to do!  I'll shoot myself in the leg!"

Genius!
I think it'll be more like the end of Reservoir Dogs.
This is the same lawyer who called Don Lemon 'Don Easy Peazy Lemon Squeazy' during an interview on CNN.  No, really.  That happened.  On internationally broadcast network news.
It's better if you [add a link to what you're talking about](https://www.roomandboard.com/catalog/bedroom/beds/copenhagen-bed).

You bought it with the natural steel frame?  I'd look through Room & Board for more stuff using that style (Parsons, for example).  Are you a reader?  Something [ike this](https://www.roomandboard.com/catalog/living/end-tables/hudson-c-table-nightstand), with a vertical stack of books underneath it, would look stylish.
There are such cool lofts in Dallas.  I used to live in the Wilson Building back when it was first converted into lofts.  Holy hell was that building amazing.  I was only paying $750/mo for 750 sq/ft too, with crazy high ceilings.
It ONLY dispenses creamer.  Nothing brown.  Just creamer.
Yes.

You only have one life to live.  How many years of your life do you want to waste on negativity?  You can't change the past but you can decide your future.

Choose happiness.
Technically speaking, this statement which Sessions made is the truth:

> “My answers have not changed,” Sessions said. “I have always told the truth, and I have answered every question as I understood them and to the best of my recollection, as I will continue to do today … I will not accept and reject accusations that I have ever lied under oath. **That is a lie.**”

In other words, when he said "That is a lie," it is true, because the statement that he never lied under oath is, in fact, a lie.

I'll be so glad to see this little weasel go down in flames.
...is the word.
> he suddenly slips into Forrest Gump mode.

Lies are like a box of chocolates.  You never know what you're gonna get.
Angus & Julia Stone - A Book Like This
The Great Republican Amnesia of 2017 kicked into overdrive when the indictment against Papadopolous was unsealed.  The only thing we can expect from Jeff Sessions is the phrase **"*Ahhh Dew Nahwt Recawell.*"**
> It reminds me of Trump's Charolettesville comments

*"There's a lot of talk about pedophiles and child molesters, but there are good people on both sides.  On both sides.  And I should know.  I support the best pedophiles, and they only molest the best children.  Believe me.  Believe me.  Nobody else knows pedophiles like I do and I know the best.  I know the best little girls too.  The other day, I was at the mall and this little girl is going up the escalator and I said 'I'll be dating you in a few years.'  I told her, because it's true.  It's true for me because I know the best children.  The very best.  I like to grab them in the pussy, and I get away with it.  That's what happens when you're a star, they let you get away with it."*
Fuck Volvo for advertising on Hannity in the first place.  It's not as if they didn't know who he is and what his show is all about.

Hannity was a champion of birtherism.  Are the people at Volvo bigots?  If not, why did they tolerate advertising their cars on his show in the first place?  If they're willing to associate with bigotry and hate for the sake of advertising, they fund the spread of bigotry and, thus, they endorse it.

Fuck Volvo.  It's good that they've stopped advertising on Hannity, but they were wrong to do so in the first place.
I have to stop coming back to this game.  "Are the Dolphins still getting blown out?"  ...of course they are.  Sigh.
The real question is why the NFL tolerates his behavior.  League officials have surely seen the video by now - and if they haven't, that is even clearer evidence there's a problem.

If the NFL tolerates dirty players, the NFL is a dirty league.  It's as simple as that.
So, first you say Fallon acts like a tool because he doesn't own the show, as if to say he'd show that he cares about the world he lives in if only he could, but he doesn't own the show, so he can't.  But then you change your argument to say he acts like a tool because he is a tool...  which means the part about him not owning the show makes no sense.

It sounds more to me like you're an alt-right apologist.  *But idk that's just my opinion I suppose.*
Fuck that, indeed.

I turned Fallon's show off that night and haven't gone back since.
He got Trump on his show as a guest during the campaign, and he tousled Trump's hair while making goo goo eyes, like a puppy in love.
> ...with presidential candidate that comes on his show.

...with a presidential candidate who was campaigning on hate and bigotry, who bragged about sexual assault and who bragged about walking in on teenage girls when they were undressed at his beauty pageant.

Let's not kid ourselves about what kind of person the candidate was.  Fallon had him on his show and the thing he wanted most to know was about his hair.
> It’s been a great year for all of the late night comedians.

...except Fallon, who has reminded the world how much of a mindless tool he is.  Republicans could initiate a 2nd civil war, and Fallon would want to tousle their confederate leader's hair.
Colbert has been amazing too.
It's a shame they can't draft a new front office.
I think this is fantastic.  I hope Keurig gets absolutely slammed by backlash from both sides.  They knew what kind of program Hannity's is.  They knew.
She was rude to the server when we met for drinks.
> I thought this movie was terrible!  
> Did anyone else think this was just a bad film?

If you think this film is BAD, why did you post it in BEST Of Netflix?

I wish this sub had some sort of guidelines so the things posted here were actually about, y'know, the best of Netflix.
> slightly above average skiing

I have a soft spot in my heart for Tanglewood, [which seems to have closed](http://www.dcski.com/lostareas/viewlostprofile.php?id=103).  I used to ski there when I was a kid...  Thursday nights with either the middle school or high school ski club (I can't remember which.  One went to Montage on Fridays and the other went to Tanglewood on Thursdays, or maybe it was the other way around.  I never cared for Montage.  The conditions always sucked.  I went to both though, because it was cheap with the ski club).
I know.  I was making a joke.  This is a thread about an apartment in Texas, after all.
Roy Moore is Extra Sleazy Pedopheelzy.
I LOLED when I saw Shartlesville because I misread it as "Shartsville" and I thought "Yup, that's about right."
You're welcome!  Shop around before you choose one.  I think C Tables are awesome.  [Room And Board have a bunch of nice ones](https://www.roomandboard.com/catalog/living/end-tables/parsons-c-table), and you can check places like Crate & Barrel or CB2.  Putting a stack of books underneath one looks really good, and it gives a great first impression when you bring somebody new to your place.  Books are always a plus.
> Shartlesville

I've never been there, but I looked it up on Google streetview.  [This is the very first thing I saw](https://www.google.com/maps/@40.5130596,-76.104159,3a,75y,47.83h,90t/data=!3m7!1e1!3m5!1sA9gQEq8G_H6-71tai02nXA!2e0!6s%2F%2Fgeo1.ggpht.com%2Fcbk%3Fpanoid%3DA9gQEq8G_H6-71tai02nXA%26output%3Dthumbnail%26cb_client%3Dmaps_sv.tactile.gps%26thumb%3D2%26w%3D203%26h%3D100%26yaw%3D40.011574%26pitch%3D0%26thumbfov%3D100!7i3328!8i1664).  Oof.  Shart, indeed.
> Shickshiny

Towanda is Shickshiny with even less shiny.  There's no Shick there either.

> I just want to reflect on the fact that their are three former Moscow citizens on one Reddit thread.

It really is!
> it's not that bad compared to the middle if the state.

That's true.  Ever been to Towanda?!?
When I grew up there, it wasn't so much crippling poverty as it was decades of stagnation and slow decline.
When it's time to replace the side table at the end of the couch, consider [something like this](https://www.overstock.com/Home-Garden/Simple-Living-Seneca-C-Table/11672907/product.html).  Here's [another one from World Market](https://www.worldmarket.com/product/alemeda-laptop-table.do?sortby=ourPicksAscend&page=2&from=fn).

I'm a huge fan of C Tables that are open across the bottom along the back, like the one I linked to, because you can put it against the side of your couch and stack books underneath it...  and if you want to use it as a laptop table, just slide it around the books, over to where you're sitting.
I realize some Texas accents are thick, but I never needed an interpreter.

Well, maybe that one time...
More like, mostly shit.

God damn, that school district is huge - because it's so spread out.  I went to school there before the days of cell phones.  The district was so large that half of it was a long distance phone call to the other half.  As a kid, I had an hour long bus ride to get to school, and my stop wasn't even one of the first.

I can't imagine why anybody who grew up there stayed.
I actually went to school there.  Moscow PA is a hub of rural WTF.
> I still have yet to make any sense of it.

Well, a lot of Pennsylvania is like West Virginia.  I never realized it when I lived there, but when I left and then briefly returned years later, it seemed so obvious.  There's a lot of rural poverty where everything is run down, partly because the days of family farming and family dairy are long gone.  And there's the rust belt parts of the state where mining is dead and milling is too because everybody gets that stuff cheaper from somewhere else.  Even the big Cheeto shouting "MAGA!" buys the steel for his building from China.  So, what you end up with is the two big cities aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand...  the rest.
Pennsylvania is three weird places:

Pittsburgh  
Philly  
...plus a whole lot of WTF above and in between.

Source: I grew up mostly in WTF PA.
> "Trump chooses Putin's word over the US intelligence community — again..."

**...because he's guilty.**
BetterTouchTool.  I cannot say enough good things about BetterTouchTool.

The app lets you assign functions to hotkeys, trackpad clicks & swipes, Apple remote button presses, and so much more.

I don't need the F1 & F2 keys for brightness since I'm using a Mac Mini, so I have those two keys set up to turn on my Philips Hue lights to different settings (dim for watching stuff on Netflix, and bright for everyday room lighting).

I also have 3 finger left/right swipes on my trackpad set up to switch tabs (go to the tab to the left / right).

BetterTouchTool can do so much.  Definitely check it out.
I have 18, which seems to be the maximum that can be displayed in the Today Widget.
I have a strip above my kitchen cabinets.  I didn't even bother removing the tape from the back of the strip.  I just laid it down flat up there, along the back of the top of the cabinets, against the wall.  I have high ceilings, so it throws light upward, filling the room with a gentle glow.
Look at the small (Ha!) white storms that seem to follow along a path around what I assume is the equator, seen around the edge at 2:10 in the video.   They look almost evenly spaced.  That's fascinating.
> **"If I’ve got a choice of putting my welfare into the hands of Putin or The Washington Post, Putin wins every time."**

> Paul Reynolds, Alabama representative to the Republican National Committee
> The Color Rush money should go to team charities

Yes - but - it's still bad for football when casual viewers turn on the TV and see teams they don't recognize because they're wearing stupid cash-grab uniforms.
There's a big difference between two nights and three though.  Three out of seven, for months...  it gets in the way of real life stuff, and I start skipping games.  I'm sure I'm not the only one.  The games just feel less special now since they're on so often.

On the one hand, I love it because it's more football.  But on the other hand, the games often suck and I find myself skipping more games now than I used to.  It doesn't help that ESPN's Monday night play by play guy sounds like a bad radio DJ.  Sean McDonough sounds so annoying to me.  He should be doing small market college games.  Every now and then, he breaks out of Radio DJ mode and sounds like a real person, and I'll think "hey, he could be good."  But then, he's back to the fake radio DJ voice.
I love football, but I hate the NFL.  The league desperately needs new leadership.

1. Players need more than 4 days between games.  Period.  This shouldn't even be up for debate.  If the NFL is determined to have Thursday games, the season should be extended to 18 weeks but kept at 16 games, and each team should get a bye week immediately before their Thursday game, and their 2nd bye week should fall during the opposite half of the season.

2. The stupid Color Rush uniforms are stupid.  They're nothing but an NFL cash grab, creating more merch to sell to the fans.  It makes no sense to show nationally televised games where the teams aren't wearing their proper uniforms.  What was tonight?  Glow sticks vs tubes of auto lube?  Both teams looked dumb.  The NFL wants to stop losing ratings, yet they do things that aren't a benefit for the viewers - especially occasional viewers.  To grow ratings, the NFL needs to turn occasional viewers into fans who tune in regularly.  Having the teams look foreign doesn't help.

3. Thursday games are scattered.  Sunday Night Football is an NBC franchise.  Want to watch the game Sunday night?  You know where to go.  Monday Night Football is an ESPN franchise.  Want to watch?  Fans know where to go.  The first Thursday game is on NBC, except they call it Sunday Night Football.  On Thursday.  WTF?  Then Thursday games shift to...  is it CBS?  Or is it the NFL Network?  And then back to NBC?  Or is there another stop in-between?  And some weeks, they're on Amazon, and are they sometimes streaming on Twitter?  Or is it Youtube?  I can't remember.  The schedule is a mess, and that's no way to build loyal viewership.

4.  The games often suck because the teams don't get enough time to prepare.  Crap games don't inspire loyal fans.

5.  Games three nights a week is too much of a good thing.  I'm sure our most diehard fans will boo that comment, but it's the truth.  I never used to skip football night, but then Monday Night Football shifted to ESPN and NBC launched Sunday Night Football.  It became two nights a week, plus all day Sunday.  Then Thursdays were added.  And at some point late in the season, we get Saturday games too.  With football on TV more nights, I find myself skipping games more than I ever used to.  And since Thursday games often suck anyway, the NFL is making it easier to not care about skipping games.

I could go on and on.  I love Football, but Thursday games are a joke.  Poor prep, wrong uniforms, channel changes...  Between Thursday games, games in Mexico and London, and the flagfest the sport is becoming, it's almost as if the league wants to harm itself.

Roger Goodell needs to go.  The NFL desperately needs new leadership.

Sigh.  This is probably the wrong place to post this rant, but I've been thinking it for a while now.
Next on *How Far We've Fallen:*

Republicans contact Russians to hack the then-14 year old's computer in search of Butter Emails.
You asked, so...  here's your answer:

> [Fox News host Sean Hannity dismisses Roy Moore's sexual misconduct allegations by **saying it was 'consensual'**](http://www.businessinsider.com/sean-hannity-defends-roy-moores-sexual-misconduct-charges-saying-they-were-consensual-2017-11)

Consensual.  With a 14 year old.

Nope.  This isn't rock bottom yet.
Nope.

Republicans defend Nazis.  And sexual assault.  We definitely have not hit rock bottom.  It will get worse.  I'm not convinced Republicans in Alabama care.  Hell, this could get the guy more votes down there.
> “There’s just nothing immoral or illegal here,” Ziegler added

Wow.  Just wow.
Wait, what?  A safety?  The refs aren't going to give Arizona 15 yards?  No flags?  We got an actual football play?

Wow.  I didn't see that coming.

EDIT: aaaaaand another flag on the return.  We lose yards.
Does Arizona have to split the points from the score with the refs, in exchange for the yards?  ...or will they just buy 'em beer after the game?

PREDICTION:  Final score:
Seahawks 23, Arizona: 14, Refs: 35
Arizona has 15 yards on the ground, but the refs have 70.  What a game.
Good grief, this is flag football.

We might as well give the ball to the refs so they can play if they're going to be the ones making all of the yards.
The Cowboys are better off getting it over with now rather than having it hang over into part of next year.  They're three games back, behind the Eagles.  At best, they're fighting for a wild card spot.  It's better off swallowing the suspension during a single year's games than having it split up across two seasons.  And if they make it into the playoffs, he'll be rested.
Would you say it's super official, or just superficial?  Or, perhaps, superficially official?
Oh. My. God.

You're right.  That seems so obvious now, and the timeline makes sense.

> The new way to do must-include words is by putting them in double quotes.

Double quotes?  ""like this?""  ...Or do you mean "like this" as in, quotes on each side?  I ask because, in my experience, putting quotes around a word does not force google to only return results containing that word.  The old + option worked.  "quotes" doesn't - or, at least, it's nowhere near as effective.

According [to this](https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/websearch/du8TLS9Hphk;context-place=topicsearchin/websearch/authorid$3AAPn2wQc_y3ruvXEfsdbH4Xv4c_LyQYtrGM4FgMR5FDT2mKAnUpPqoAuiHlRJB2SMDrnRC5EfoUup%7Csort:date%7Cspell:false), double quotes searches don't work.
I think a lot comes down to when you were single and where you live.

As a kid & then as a teenager living mostly in the country, nothing interesting happened for me.  As an adult in my 20s, I was in long term relationships that were very loving, but also very bland, sexually - but that didn't matter since I was happy and bland was all I knew.

Being single in my 30s & living in a big city led to all sorts of things happening that my younger self could never have imagined.
...but we're talking about Alabama.  Will this even affect his campaign, or have we finally found a line Republican voters won't cross?
I'd use DuckDuckGo if it got me better results than google.  It doesn't.

I feel like search engines are all getting worse, not better.

It used to be easy to say:  
"I'm searching for this" -"not this" **+"must include this"**

...why Google took away the must-include option, I'll never understand.  I constantly get results that don't include the damn thing I'm searching for.
I think it can, and it's an excellent phone.  I didn't intend to hang on to mine for more than 2 years.  My plan was to upgrade when the 7+ came out, just like I did with my 5 and my 4...  but sheesh...  it's such a great device that I can't justify spending money on an upgrade yet.

I will say this: if you plan on using a case, the Apple leather case for it is freaking fantastic.  Mine is a black iPhone with a black leather case.  It looks and feels like a million bucks.
I'm happy enough with my 6+ that I'm planning on skipping the 8+ and X.

To be honest, I feel like we've reached a point where these iPhones are so good that it's hard to talk myself into upgrading.

I bought an iPhone 4 in 2010.  
...in 2012, the 5 felt like a huge upgrade.  I bought one.  
...in 2014, the 6+ felt like a huge upgrade.  I bought one.

The 7/7+ came out in 2016, but it didn't feel like an upgrade, and my 6+ was still rocking like a champ.  This year, the 8/8+ still doesn't feel like an upgrade, and my 6+ is still doing great.  I'm planning on waiting another year.
> I would love for Michelle to run for senate!!!

Yeah, it would be fantastic.

I'm a huge fan of Barack Obama.  I remember watching him speak at the Democratic National Convention in 2004 & thinking "Why can't HE run for president?"  I was so thrilled to vote for him in 2008 & 2012...  but I honestly believe Michelle could be an even better president than he was.  She's amazing.  They're both amazing.
You're kidding, right?  Surely you understand why trash bags on the MAX & Streetcar can be a health hazard.

> Are you planning on rubbing the garbage into an open wound?

Nobody plans for accidents, such as when the MAX hits a car, or when something bad happens on the train and people have to get out of the way quickly.
No offense, Obama, but 65,853,516 people voted for Clinton in 2016, which is millions more than how many voted for Rump.

That, too, is what happens when people vote in the U.S.

Democrats had a good day yesterday (and I'm glad!) but until we solve the problems of gerrymandering and inequality of votes by state (a vote in a large state is worth less than a vote in a small state), American elections are not fair.

EDIT:  P.S.  Please, Obama, convince your wife to run for the senate!!!  She's strong, brilliant, and moral.  We need her!
YAAAAAY!

I think they fixed the bug in the Today Widget.  I'm using an iPhone 6 Plus.  Every time I'd swipe over to the widgets, the Workflow widget would have a slight pause & reload, which meant I had to wait for that before I could click on anything.
See also: [today's XKCD](https://xkcd.com/1913/).
Here's something to consider:

Your comment, as of right now, has 6501 upvotes, but that's not actually true.  It's actually 6501 more upvotes than downvotes.  That's an important distinction to remember because we have to assume you're getting slammed with downvotes from T_D.

I wonder how many upvotes your comment has really received (mine is one of them!).
Credit card debt!

Holy moly, if you're carrying a balance on credit cards, you're losing so much money every single month, literally just throwing money away to pay interest.  It's crazy.  On the other hand, if you use credit cards a lot but you pay them off every month in full, credit card companies end up paying you to use their cards.
> Carter Page is either completely insane, working with the FBI, or both.

My guess is that he has delusions of grandeur, and he keeps digging himself in deeper as he tries to prove himself.

I also suspect he'll be easy for Mueller to flip, because all Mueller has to do is stroke his ego.  Hell, he probably flipped a while ago.
The Big Lewandowsi.  I'm guessing that dude won't abide.  The chinaman is not the issue here...  it's the Russians.

P.S. Shut the fuck up, Donny!
I believe you meant to say:

"Iaah dew nawt reycawell."

He thickens up his drawl when he lies because he thinks it makes him sound more folksy and charming.
That. Was. Stupid.

They should have tried to get the Lions to jump offsides, and if that failed, take the delay of game penalty and punt.  Wow, what a bad decision.
I love that mama Tate named her son Golden.

I hate that Golden Tate is no longer a Seahawk.
Holy crap.  I don't remember the last time I was impressed by a field goal that wasn't crazy long distance...  but that was amazing.
On the surface this seems frugal because you're saving money by not buying a new dryer, but in the long run it's more expensive because your old dryer is probably wasting a lot of energy and it might even be rougher on your clothes depending on the cycle you have to use with it.

Sometimes, trying to save money actually costs more than spending money.  I had a stereo from the early 90s that I'd been dying to replace, but that seemed like a waste of money, so I kept it.  One day, someone from the local electric company was in my building doing some work & I asked him about how much energy appliances use even when they're off.  He loaned me a gauge to plug into an outlet to measure use for a few days and...  wow.  I had no idea how something like a stereo would eat up so much energy even when it's off.

P.S.  The dryer sheets are a waste of money too, and they're loaded with chemicals.
> Traditional bulbs don't have the option of being controlled from an App or smart home devices. 

Exactly.  That's why Hue makes a smart switch for their smart bulbs.  The Hue Dimmer Switch.
It doesn't matter.  They can't out-lose the Browns & 49ers, both of whom are duking it out for the #1 pick in next year's draft.
Grocery Store Boxes Tip #2:  Those suckers will be filthy, so wipe them down before using them, and lay down something underneath them to keep carpets & rugs from getting dirty.  The last time I moved, I took an old set of sheets & spread them out across the far end of the living room & dining room, and that's where the boxes were stacked during the move.

Tape up the boxes when filled, even for a simple local move.  I've seen boxes get dropped because people see handles on the side & they use them, but they end up losing the bottom, or the bottom gives way.  Secure your stuff.  Tape up those boxes.

Also: Take one box and make it look instantly obviously different than the others.  This should be your Important Stuff For The Day Of The Move box.  Put a knife or a box cutter in there so you'll be able to get into the other boxes.  And, imagine that something will go wrong, preventing you from unpacking other boxes on day one.  What will you need immediately?  Put it in this box!

Last, but not least, pack some extra patience.  You'll need it.  Moving always sucks.
If that's the issue, why not stick with traditional bulbs instead of Hue?
> an expensive Hue Dimmer Switch.

Expensive?  It's under $30.  And, hell, you don't have to use a dimmer switch.  I repurposed an old Apple Remote (the white style that used to come with a new Mac) and I'm using it as a remote for my Hue.  It's awesome.
Physical light switches cut the power to the bulb.  Hue bulbs need power for light and for the wifi the hub uses to tell the bulb what to do.  If you cut the power by turning off a physical switch, your bulb isn't reachable because, obviously, it's not receiving power.

> They work fine with automation and through an app, but the lack of subverting those options and doing the off-on with the light switch really blows.

Check to see if the Hue Dimmer Switch fits your needs.  It might.  It fits into a light switch style wall plate, but it's removable, and when removed from the plate it's a small remote control.  Brilliant concept.

It took me a few days to stop thinking of light switches when turning on & off my lights, but once I got used to not using physical switches, I haven't missed them at all.  I've been using Hue for 4 & a half years.  Now, the idea of needing a switch to turn lights on or off feels ancient to me...  like the difference between a rotary dial landline phone and an iPhone.
Can I root against both Dallas and the Chiefs in that game?
I'm on the west coast.  My frigging CBS station bailed on this game in the 3rd quarter, switching over to the Ravens/Titans instead.  Boo.  I was enjoying watching the Eagles beatdown.
Bush knows what it means to be a real president.  Cheney told him.
Here's the real headline:

*Man with millions hidden in offshore bank accounts offers up some known assets in exchange for chance to flee.*
When Republicans watch Star Wars, which side do they root for?
Cat.

The cat is definitely dead.
TRANSLATION:  "We've got dirty old real estate deals.  If Mueller goes there, we're fucked."

Where else should Mueller's team not go?  Do tell...
Hey everybody!  It's Republican Amnesia Time!

> a spokesman for the senator [Corker] told NBC News. "Due to his busy schedule, he left before the panel discussion began and **does not recall** having a substantive conversation with Mr. Papadopoulos or any of the other panelists."

Note the wiggle room.  Corker does not recall having a "substantive conversation" with Papadopoulos.  But they sure left some wiggle room there, didn't they?

And Trump, who bragged about his memory said:

> "It was a very unimportant meeting — took place a long time — **I don’t remember** much about it"

Again, the wiggle room.  He doesn't remember "much."
> Why wouldn't he go to trial?

I think he'll plead guilty before his trial ever begins, giving up Trump in exchange for whatever he can get.
I suspect she only regrets performing at Trump's inauguration ball because of the consequences.

Why is it that so many people only care about the difference between right and wrong after they experience the consequences of their actions?

Perhaps a quote from someone else who's in the news today would be helpful (though it's not exactly his):

> Dr. Mark Powell: "How do you know right from wrong?"

> Prot: **"Every being in the universe knows right from wrong, Mark."**
Only three weeks?  For a trial like that?!?  Wow.

I'm not convinced Manafort will ever see a trial.  I think he'll flip.  When his password became a headline on the news, he had to know how fucked he is.  ("bond007"  ...lolololololol)

Manafort?  Manaprison.  The only question left for him is how much time.
Papa John showed his true colors when he said he'd cut employees hours if congress passed Obamacare so they wouldn't qualify for full time.

Papa John is not a good person.  I wouldn't eat his pizza if it was free (I wouldn't throw it away though.  I'd give it to homeless people).
IF YOU WORK IN THE MEDIA...  please, please, please!!!  PLEASE keep interviewing this clown, especially on camera.

This idiot shows up for every interview with a shovel, and as he opens his mouth, he starts digging a hole for himself and everyone he's ever worked with to collapse into.

"What, Russians?  I've never, I mean, ok maybe I might have but who hasn't and everybody else did too and we were all in on the emails and and and and..."

Dig dig dig.
The shots of the Bills fans in the stands are brutal.
Absolutely!

The only catch is that I had to program the Flirc on a Mac...  but there may be a way to program one on a Pi these days.  I don't know.  I plugged Flirc into my Mac & taught it my hotkeys.  Then I plugged it into my Pi.  When I press a button on my universal remote, Flirc tells my Pi to do the hotkey.  It works flawlessly.

[Here's the Flirc homepage](https://www.flirc.tv).  They also make a cool looking Raspberry Pi case, but I don't have that because I'm using an Allo Boss DAC with the Allo case for the DAC & my Pi.
> explain what he couldn't talk about and how it would relate to this?

[This should help.
](https://www.inverse.com/article/32703-james-comey-trump-russia-hearing-classified-topics)
Nice!  Thanks for the info.
Are there any stats on injuries in today's NFL versus previous decades, especially the 60s & 70s?

Are there any stats on which teams over the past decade have suffered the most or the fewest non-contact injuries?

I hope the Texans' fears don't prove to be true.  Fingers crossed for you guys!
Rather than using a Xiaomi Button, you can program all sorts of things for your universal remote.  All you need is a Flirc usb IR receiver.  That's what I do and it's fantastic.  I have buttons to launch Hue scenes, buttons that launch certain iTunes playlists on my Mac, a button to turn on & off the Belkin Wemo that my powered speakers are plugged into, etc etc etc.

Flirc learns remote button presses and converts them into keyboard hotkeys of your choosing.  So, Flirc plus the TriggerHappy daemon means you can do just about anything with the touch of a button.

I've been using Flirc since 2014.  LOVE it!
I think it's funny that people try to make a big deal about how a mugger could make you look at your phone to unlock it...  as if somebody with a gun couldn't possibly make you unlock your iPhone with Touch ID.  I think some people just need to argue.  "What?  It cures cancer?!?  Why are you trying to put doctors out of a job???"
Papadopoulus plopped a douce on Trump's (p)residency.

Ba-da-BOP-BOP-baaaa!!!!!  I'm lovin' it.
What's the remote on top of the books?
Uhm...  thanks?
Papadopoulos breached.  
Trump's in trouble deep.  
Papadopoulos breached.  
Trump's been losing sleep,  
but he's made up his mind.  
He's gonna keep betraying.  
He's gonna keep betraying.  
Yeah, he's gonna keep betraying.
What's on the other side of the red windows?  Or are they mirrors?  We need to see more photos!

I love this place, but I'd be afraid to know what the rent is.  EDIT: Never mind.  [This place was posted a few weeks ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/malelivingspace/comments/6z3ojt/our_sunny_chicago_loft_living_here_with_the_gf/).   The rent and other info can be found there.
Perhaps he's a power lifter?
I don't care what charges send them to prison.

> If I was to disagree with you on the subject of Trump and his cronies betraying the country, it would only be because Trump and company never had any real loyalty to the country in the first place.

You're trying to argue semantics for no reason.  They're American citizens.  Betraying their (our) country is treason, regardless of whether or not they can be convicted of it in a court of law.  I'm sure they've got an entire menu of crimes for Mueller's team to choose from.  I don't care which sends them to prison.  As I said, Capone went to prison for tax invasion.
> I'm pretty sure plenty of people in trump's camp have committed crimes. **I'm absolutely certain that Treason is not one of them.**

On that, we'll have to agree to disagree.  Perhaps, by legal definition, none of them will be convicted for treason, but in terms of what the word means...

**The word Treason means to betray one's country.**  I believe many of them have committed treason, and regardless of what charges send them to prison, I believe history will remember them for treason.  Al Capone went to prison for tax evasion, but we all know he was guilty of far more than that.

I'm glad we both agree on this though:

> I'm pretty sure plenty of people in trump's camp have committed crimes.

EDIT: typo.
Oh, whatever.  Let it go kiddo.  This guy violated his NDA on camera.  I feel bad for him and for his daughter, but he did what he did and no amount of arguing from you can change that fact.
> Do you have something against people who's first language is not English? That's racist and xenophobic.

Nope.  I have nothing against someone whose native language isn't English.  I was mocking him (or her) because I assume he *is* a native English speaker and just dumb, lazy, or both.

I must say though, a Trumpette calling someone else xenophobic is comedy.  Oh, wait, Trumpettes don't hate people from all other countries.  They love Russians.
#MIGA!

(Make Indictments Great Again!)
LET'S FIND OUT!
> Like OJ?

Better yet, like Thelma & Louise, except it's just Rump on a golf cart.
> Maybe he slips into saying X 

Maybe?

You're not one of those "banana" people, are you?  I ask because the video clearly shows him saying X.  These days, people seem to have lost their minds.  Show 'em an apple and they say banana.  "BANANA!  SAD!"

There's no maybe.  I linked to the exact spot in the video.  Engineers and designers have been working on the iPhone X since before the marketing people decided to use the Roman numeral instead of the digits.

I completely understand when consumers get the name wrong...  but it's different when somebody at Apple who has the clearance to have the product in his hands before it's even released gets it wrong.  Could you imagine an engineer at Ford getting a new car's name wrong, especially if he's been test driving it?
> The shills and bots don’t stop.

Yeah, I really don't understand how reddit has let that stuff get so out of control.  It's crazy.  And it's been that way for a while.
> I don't think you have any idea what treason.

I don't think you verbs.  Perhaps English isn't your native language?

> Treason is reserved for extremely high offenses.

...such as colluding with a hostile foreign government to influence an American election in exchange for political and economic favors for that hostile foreign government.
31 - 17, Seahawks.
> Wow. I can't believe that line is a reality.

It's not.

The kind of treason Trump and his allies have committed is NOT light.  They colluded with Russia to get help electing a president who would be beneficial to Russia.  And Republicans are pretending it didn't happen because Trump was on the ballot with a frigging (R) next to his name.
I feel bad for the engineer, but honestly, he had to know how foolish it was to hand his daughter an unreleased product while she was making a video, especially since he'd signed a nondisclosure agreement.  It's not like he didn't know she was making a video.

Also: [he called it an "iPhone EX,"](https://youtu.be/RBeD8E2xxck?t=2m50s) not "Ten."  I have to assume he was pretty low on the totem pole, in terms of seniority or experience at Apple (not to say he isn't an experienced engineer - I'm just saying he didn't even know how to properly say the name of the product).
Oooooooooooowwweeeeeeeeeee!!!
Sater?

> “Our boy can become president of the USA and we can engineer it,” Mr. Sater wrote in an email. “I will get all of Putins team to buy in on this, I will manage this process.”

[Oh, right.  Sater.](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/28/us/politics/trump-tower-putin-felix-sater.html)

> “I will get Putin on this program and we will get Donald elected,” Mr. Sater wrote.
I'm amazed the identity of the soon to be indicted is still a secret.  Surely somebody knows somebody who saw somebody freaking out on Friday.
Their new album Wrong Creatures comes out January 12th.  I just put a reminder in my calendar (and thank you, OP, for the reminder to create a reminder).

Yay for new music!
> I mean, if he didn't get elected, I would, ya know, just be so mad.

The people didn't choose him.  He lost the people's vote by millions.

We love to brag about our democracy, but it is actually the electoral college that elects our presidents.  Two of the past three presidents (Bush and Rump) lost the people's vote but still got the office.

EDIT: typo
Illa bumbae, illa CLICK CLICK bumbae...
> So like six dollars a month? not worth it to me

Multiply that by 12 months per year.  Free money.  I let it build up all year, and then during the holidays, I take the cash back when I need it the most.  Also: it includes alcohol, prescriptions, and whatever else you buy at the grocery store.

> I guess if you buy a lot of really expensive stuff that could be enticing

Or if you buy anything.  Again, it's free money.  5% cash back.

> Even big bills like rent, mortgage, insurance? That could CMV

If you pay for it with the card, you get the cash back.  Period.

The only thing you have to do is remember to pay it off each month - or, do what I do: set a calendar reminder to repeat each month.  I haven't paid a dime in credit card interest in over a decade, because when the reminder pops up, I open my browser with tabs for each card and I pay 'em off.  It's just a few clicks.  And the rewards add up.

...but hey, if you're not interested in free money, I guess it's not for you.
His Republican constituents only care about making liberals mad.  That's what the Republican party has become.  If somebody convinced them chopping off their own ears would piss off liberals, they'd do it.

Increase the deficit because guy who hates liberals wants to?  They want to too.

Jack up the cost of their own healthcare because guy who hates liberals wants to?  They want that too.

Trample the First Amendment because guy who hates liberals says to?  They're all for it.
I never realized that.  I've been using it with a 1080p TV since 2012 and it's always looked fine when watching movies in the living room.

That being said, I upgraded this year to an Apple TV 4 because I wanted homekit, and because I found one on ebay super cheap.  I had to change my streaming though, since Apple TV no longer comes with optical out.  I bought a Raspberry Pi with an Allo Boss DAC (killer combo!) and I'm using it as an airplay receiver instead of my Apple TV.
I wonder if the Browns could beat Alabama.
Apple TV gen 2!

If you only want it for airplay, the 2nd gen model is perfect.  That's how I used mine for the last 7 years and it never let me down.

Best of all, it comes with an optical audio output along with the typical HDMI.  So, if you own a receiver with optical input, you can hook your Apple TV up to it & not even need the TV for streaming music.

I had my ATV2 connected to my TV by HDMI for movies, and to my receiver by optical, when I only wanted it for streaming iTunes.
> The way I look at it, that's literally what they are for so I never use them because I hate debt.

I hate debt too, but I love free money which is why I use credit cards to pay for everything.  I pay off my credit cards every month in full, so I pay no interest and I rack up rewards.

I get 3% cash back on all groceries with my AMEX, which has no annual fee.  They literally pay me to use the card.  I never pay a cent in interest because I pay it off every month.

I get 5% cash back on purchases on Amazon by using their Visa, which has no annual fee.  They literally pay me to use the card.

I get 2% cash back on everything else with my Citibank card.  No annual fee.  They literally pay me to use it.

2 to 5 percent cash back on all purchases adds up.  It's free money, and my credit score is through the roof even though I'm not making an effort.  All I do is pay my bills each month.  It takes just a few minutes online.  TIP:  Put a reminder in your reminders or calendar app to repeat every month.  When the reminder pops up, pay off your bills online.  Click, click click, done.

I feel like it's crazy to not use credit cards if one has the maturity to pay them off each month.

My rule is simple: if I don't already have the money in my bank account, I won't buy it with a credit card (unless it's an extreme emergency - but I mean extreme.  The last time I had anything that major happen was over a decade ago and it involved a pet needing emergency surgery).
And now we're waiting for impeachment season.
Trumpie and Putie sitting in a tree

C-O-L-L-U-D-I-N-G
It's important to occasionally check for updates, but I don't plan on adding auto updates for my bulbs.

With auto update, if there's ever a software bug, you automatically get the bug instead of having the opportunity to skip the update and wait until they fix it.
> How can a group of "successful business people" be so goddamn awful at paperwork?

Keep in mind, Trump would be richer today if he'd taken the money he got from daddy and put it in an index fund.  He did a lifetime of work to have significantly less wealth than if he'd done absolutely nothing.  Billions of dollars less.
Maybe?
The concept is good, but the page doesn't actually say anywhere that it's movies available on Amazon (maybe that info is hidden away in the FAQ?  Nope.  Didn't find it there either)...  so, if somebody bookmarks it and then comes back to the bookmark in the future, they have to remember what the point of the site is.
> Workflow.is

Thanks for that!  I bookmarked it.  And, from that site, I found my answer:

> ["To import one of your workflows as a launcher, open it from My Workflows and tap the settings button in the upper right corner. If you have Launcher installed, you’ll see an “Add to Launcher” option underneath “Add to Home Screen”. Tap it and Launcher will open, automatically placing your workflow launcher in the next open spot."](http://workflow.is/docs/adding-a-workflow-to-launcher)

EDIT:  Nope.  So near and yet so far.  Running workflows from the home screen or from launcher apps doesn't run them in a single click, the way the Today Widget does.  Instead, you get bounced through the Workflow app, sometimes leaving you there.
New Coke is a legendary example of this.
.em 'nillik si txet sdrawkcab ehT

I look at this space and see three areas:  
An office area, where you wrote Table.  
A book case sort of area, where you wrote Couch.  
And a living room area in the middle of the room facing the erif ecalp and wall where you wrote TV.  The couch might even be at an angle in the middle of the room, or the couch might be facing the wall that says TV, and you might put a chair facing the fireplace.

I definitely wouldn't put the couch against the wall between the closet and the reyof.  There's no reason for it to be so far away from the TV.
Where'd you find this image?

I'd love to know the source for this coat too.  It looks fantastic.

EDIT:  I found [another shot of the coat on Pinterest](https://www.pinterest.com/pin/572731277588553583/), but there's no info.  An image search from there [took me here](https://www.farfetch.com/shopping/men/coats-2/items.aspx)...  but I haven't found it.  ALSO:  It looks greenish here, but they're saying it's grey.
I'm planning to.  I've always been a minimalist though.  Black iPhone, black case.
Mac OS:  
Safari  
iTunes  
Mail  
Fantastical  
Notational Velocity  
BetterTouchtool  
Lightroom

BetterTouchTool is a must-have for me.  It's the first thing I install when I get a new Mac.
I've been using a black Apple leather case on my iPhone 6 Plus for three years and it's FANTASTIC.

When I first bought the leather case, I thought it was so overpriced, but after using it for a while there was no doubt I'd buy one again next time.  It's such a great case.

I'm debating whether to buy an iPhone X or stick with my 6 Plus for another year.  There's no doubt my leather case will hold up for another year.  I bet it would hold up for many more years.  But if I do buy an X, I'm absolutely going to buy a leather case for it.
"We want the ball and we're going to score!"

...oh, wait.  That was Hasselback.

...and we didn't.
O-Line, as in, "Oh what a line!"
It's funny to hear a guy who hates being discriminated against due to the color of his skin discriminating against a woman due to her gender.

...because that's not ironic at all, right?
I never recommend blind buying.  Check out places like Luckyscent for samples.  Sampling is fun!

> Also, is Royal water a Soapy fragrance or just something fresh and casually inoffensive?

Royal Water is soapy, but also rich and almost smokey in a Creed sort of way.  It doesn't smell like Aventus, but you can tell it was made by the same house.  I like it a lot.
Technically speaking, "fucking" is an infix in this instance, so though it might sound better after the un, it actually belongs in the middle of the word itself (believe).  Infixes are rare in the English language, but this one sure is fun to use.
Castile by Penhaligon's.  It smells like you bought the richest bar of soap ever and took a knife to it, whittling off a pile of thin slices.  Imagine running your fingers through the soap slices.  That's what Castile smells like.  It's fantastic.

I'm also a big fan of Aqua Universalis by MFK and Prada L'Homme.  Royal Water by Creed is really good too.

Grey Vetiver and Original Vetiver are fantastic too, but they're less soapy and a bit more dressed up.
Unbefuckinglievable.

The *best* part of the Equifax hack was the page on their site where you could check to see if your private information had been stolen by entering your private information.  That page should have had a warning for extreme irony.

Oof.
Thanks for the link!  BOOKMARKED!
I gave up on using Launchpad.

I use a free app called XMenu instead, and I find it to be much better.  XMenu puts a folder (or folders) in your menu bar that works like a drop down list.  If you're old enough to remember the classic Mac OS (OS 9 and earlier), XMenu is basically what the Apple Menu used to be.

I named my menu "Apps."  The top 20 or so items are aliases to apps (with a space at the beginning of the name to push them to the top of the list) and below, I made a series of folders for categories of apps, with more aliases stashed in those.  At the top of the folders is an alias to the main Applications folder, for faster surfing to it.

XMenu [is free, in the Mac App Store](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/xmenu/id419332741?mt=12), and on [their own website](http://www.devontechnologies.com/products/freeware.html).  The only difference is, the App Store version adds an XMenu prefs menu at the top, whereas the version on their own site hides that menu behind a right-click (which I prefer).  Check it out - you'll see what I mean.

XMenu is awesome.
Ah.  That's what I was afraid of.  I made a similar mistake.
> increasingly nervous

...?
Butter emails.
I'm not in Seattle, and my post isn't delusional.

I support the players who protest.

I also support the players who do not protest.
That was hilarious.

It was also interesting to learn a bit more about what is and isn't a safety.  If I understand the call right, this wasn't a safety because the Bears were the defense.  But didn't the Bears become the offense when they got possession of the ball?
I support the players protesting.

I would hope that anyone who honors our flag is honoring what that flag represents, not simply honoring a piece of fabric.  The same can be said for our national anthem.  It's not about honoring musical notes.  It's about honoring the meaning.

Patriotism is not My Country Right Or Wrong.  Patriotism is loving your country enough to take a stand - or a knee - when your country is wrong, to say "We, as a nation, need to be better than this."  Because we *are* better than this.

Men and women have given their lives to defend our country and our freedoms.  Giving up the right to protest is one of the least patriotic things an American could do.


These are the NFL team owners who donated to Donald Trump's campaign, despite the constant racist and bigoted rhetoric he campaigned on:

Woody Johnson, New York Jets  
Robert Kraft, New England Patriots  
Jerry Jones, Dallas Cowboys  
Dan Snyder, Washington Redskins  
Shad Khan, Jacksonville Jaguars  
Bob McNair, Houston Texans  
Stan Kroenke, Los Angeles Rams  
Edward Glazer, Tampa Bay Buccaneers

They knew what they were getting by supporting Trump.  Anyone who says otherwise isn't being honest.  Trump kicked off his campaign by calling Mexicans rapists, drug traffickers and criminals.  The clip was aired again and again and again for days that turned into weeks that turned into months...  and that was only the beginning.

The idea that they could support a bigot while being against bigotry is false.

"Sorry about your house being burned down.  Yeah, I knew Jim was an arsonist when I rented him the house across the street, but I only supported his tax policy."


I support the players protesting.  Hell, if I could sing the national anthem, I'd be proud to take a knee while doing it.  I love my country, but my country is better than the bigotry our president would like us to ignore if not embrace.  We are better than this.
Thanks!  I've been hooked on home automation since before there were things like this Workflow app, Homekit, etc, so I've been using Folder Actions on the Mac for ages.  I think they used to be called Watched Folders (because the OS watches the folder for changes, so to speak).

Another way to accomplish the same thing would be to ssh into the Mac to launch the Applescripts.  I don't know why I didn't think of that first, especially since I'm already doing that with my Raspberry Pi.  I should probably try it sometime.

Anyway...  I'm a total noob to this app, but I already regret not discovering it long ago.  The Today View widget is fantastic!
I have a workflow and a question (I'm new to this app).

**My Workflow:** I made a Today Widget workflow that triggers a script on my Mac to set the audio volume to 30%, make sure iTunes isn't streaming to other speakers, and play a Morning playlist.

To do this, I made a Workflow that creates a new file in a specific folder in my Dropbox.  Then, on my Mac, I made a Folder Actions Script for that folder that gets triggered whenever there's a new file in the folder (a "watched folder").  The script sets my Mac's volume to 30%, checks to make sure iTunes is active, makes sure playback is set to my Mac, not streaming, and then it starts playing a Morning smart playlist (any song rated 3 stars or higher not tagged in the Grouping field as "mellow").  Finally, the script deletes any file in the trigger folder that's over a day old (so files don't keep piling up in there, but leaving today's files just in case there's ever an error).

This is a bit of a pain to set up, but once it's set up, it works perfectly, even if the monitor is asleep.  Certainly, there are other ways to play a playlist, but it wouldn't do me any good if iTunes is set to stream to other speakers from the night before, or if my Mac's audio volume is too quiet.

I love being able to swipe over to the Today view on my iPhone and have one button access to this.  It's the first thing I do when I wake up in the morning.  Music helps me get out of bed sooner.

**My Question:**  Is there a better way to have a Today Widget workflow launch an Applescript on my Mac?
$99 a year is $8.25 a month.  For me, Amazon Prime Video is worth that, and the faster Amazon shipping is a nice bonus.
> my 25MB speed wasn't enough to watch the streams without having eye flicker.

That can't be right.  Even when my speed drops below 10mb, I'm still able to stream without a problem.  Maybe even below 5mb.
What's the plant on the kitchen island?  It looks more like a mini tree - it's very cool.
Turning bluetooth off isn't a fix though, since I'd have to turn it back on every time I needed to use bluetooth & then off when I'm done...  and each time I'd turn it on, I'd get another pairing request on my Mac even though I'm not trying to pair it.
Wow, I'm not hearing Meat Puppets here at all.  It sounds more like Death Cab pop-alt.
You're right, of course.  It seems so obvious now.
Mysterious?  Dark?  PUNK?

I think we got punked with that description.
OH!!!  Right!  How could I have forgotten about that?  Thanks for the reminder.
I have a 6 Plus, so I don't have Raise To Wake as an option...  but I always wondered how it works when you're going somewhere with your iPhone in your pocket.  Isn't it constantly assuming it's being raised to wake, every time you reach for it to put it in your pocket, or as you're walking?  Isn't that a drain on battery life?
I know, right?!?  And the more I hear it, the more it drives me crazy.  What IS she singing?

I love the song though.  I've been a fan of theirs since A Book Like This.
[You're RIGHT!](https://support.apple.com/kb/sp706?locale=en_US)  I didn't even realize that.

> **iPhone 6 Plus - Technical Specifications**  
Nano-SIM  
iPhone 6 Plus are not compatible with existing micro-SIM cards.
Gotcha!  That's good to know.  Thanks!
Ahh, petrichor.  What a magical smell.
HHhmmmm...  that hadn't occurred to me.  I don't think I'd want to buy one and return it, but I'm already betting that if I try to buy one on day 1 I'll get a later shipping date (because I assume there's going to be a huge demand that'll overwhelm the initial supply).

Food for thought.
Yeah, I'm bummed about the timing.  I was hoping to try a few things with an iPhone X demo unit at the Apple Store before committing to a purchase.  I'll probably still do that, and then wait until December to buy one - if I buy one.

I feel like we're finally reaching Peak iPhone, not because nearly everybody who wants one already has one (though that's a factor) but rather, because these phones have gotten so good that it becomes harder to justify upgrading.

I was an every other year upgrader until I bought a 6 Plus, but I couldn't justify buying a 7 Plus because my 6 Plus was (and is) still such a great phone, and it's still rocking like a champ.  If I don't buy an X, I'll probably hold off for another year.
> Browns have sucked for so long they've just accumulated a lot of underdog fans.

Hhhmmmm...  I never thought about that, but I suppose you're right.  My underdog team is The Bears.  But I've always been a Bears fan.  As a kid, I spent one year living in Chicago, and you can guess what year that was. For me, it was the 1985/86 school year, and it was when I discovered football.  I had no idea how big a deal winning the Super Bowl was.  I just figured Chicago was one of the biggest cities in America so of course they had one of the best football teams.  Time has proven otherwise, but I still love The Bears.
That blows my mind.  The Browns?

I mean no offense, but it's common knowledge that some teams fanbases travel better than others.  I remember being in Florida back in the 90s, and my girlfriend's car had a Steeler's bumper sticker.  Not even a long rectangular one.  It was a square, which means it was pretty small.  Anyway, we were on I-95, when all of a sudden we started getting surrounded by motorcycles.  A bunch of them started yelling at us, like they were flagging us down or something.  My GF was horrified.  Hell, we both were.  The guy on the bike closest to the driver's window makes a motion to roll down the window.  As she rolled it down, I was thinking "Oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck" because there had to have been at least 10 bikes surrounding us by that point.  She rolled down her window and the guy on the bike made a raised fist gesture & shouted "GO STEELERS!!!" & shot her a look of approval.  Then they all shouted Steelers & sped off, but...  I mean, come on...   a bunch of guys on bikes going 75mph on the highway...  they sounded more like pirates.  "Steeeeeeeelerrrrrrrssss!!!  YAAAAAAAAAARRRRR!!!!!!"   VRRRROOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMM!!!!!!!!!

It went from horrifying to hilarious in an instant.  What a bizarre yet awesome experience.

Some teams have more of a national presence than others.  But...  and I mean absolutely no offense when I say this   ...THE BROWNS?
Some things never change.  I remember a Chargers home game against the Steelers in San Diego that sounded like a home game for the Steelers.

I think it was a bad move putting two teams in L.A.

Time will tell.
It's funny you should mention that since it's what I'm researching in another browser tab as we speak.  I think I may go that route since I'm already using my Pi for all of the functions I'd like to have on Homekit.
> Can your share your experience with the ALLO Boss DAC?

It's.  Awesome.

I can't compare it to a HifiBerry because the Allo Boss is the only DAC I've used with my Pi...  but I can tell you this.  I'm an ex-pro audio guy who uses an Apogee Duet DAC with my Mac Mini paired with studio monitors, so...  I know audio, and I'm very pleased with the Allo Boss.  The sound is warm and detailed.

Here's a tip!  If you have any trouble getting it to work, you may need to update your OS.  As soon as I updated Raspbian, my DAC worked like a charm.  Also, the case is fantastic - I bought the black case with silver standoffs (if you want the case to not stand out, go with a black case and black standoffs).  I found [this video](https://youtu.be/Z6CCtIDONZQ?t=1m44s) that talked through the steps to put it together (it isn't hard, but the video made it easier).

Seriously, I'd recommend the Allo Boss DAC with enthusiasm.  It's great.  If I recall correctly, shipping was relatively quick too.
Interesting!  I will look into that.  My Mac is a Mini and it's always running, 24/7.  The only thing I ever put to sleep is the monitor.
This is a great album - but - what the heck does she keep singing in the background in Oakwood?  It almost sounds like...  "Not what up here"  ...?
Or "Wine is the question"
I'm going to add something to do after particularly bad breakups:

**Change something in your home**

Your home is going to feel different if the two of you spent a lot of time there.  A space for two suddenly became a space for one, and it can feel empty.  It's easy to look around and see things that remind you of your ex.

Your home is going to feel different, so make it feel different with a purpose.  Make it look better.  Do it for yourself.

Rearrange the furniture.  Paint the walls.  Tackle some projects you've been wanting to do.  Buy a new piece of art or a new plant.  Think of it as reclaiming your home.
Kimchi.

It's delicious, but if your body isn't used to it...  look out.
I really hope the Texans have found their future QB in this guy.  After hearing the story of him raising his younger siblings while his mom fought cancer...  I'm rooting for him in a big way, not to mention that I really want JJ Watt to win a Superbowl.  Go Texans!

EDIT:  Here's a good story on him and his mom.  Come on now, [look at that picture](https://watchstadium.com/news/deshaun-watson-mom-cancer-08-30-2016/).  How great is that?  It's damn near impossible to not root for the guy.
Zero TDs, 0 & 2, and their next game is against the Packers.  Ouch.

On a positive note, [they've got one of the easiest schedules in the entire league](https://www.cbssports.com/nfl/news/2017-nfl-strength-of-schedule-colts-have-it-easiest-broncos-face-a-slate-of-doom/).
Oh, hell yeah.  There couldn't be a better person to end that game and seal the victory than JJ WATT.
Thank god the forward pass became LEGAL.

> "[the first legal forward pass in American football took place in 1906, after a change in rules.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forward_pass)"

Football began as such a different game.
Is it time to consider NFL records for most punts in a single game?  How many have we had so far?  The record is 31.

Interestingly, [two games both featured 31 punts on the same day, on October 22nd, 1933](http://www.nfl.com/history/randf/records/team/punting) (scroll down).
"Might be an insurmountable lead."

Brutal.
> At this point and due to the severity, I'd treat your information as if it were compromised.

That's probably wise, and so, I will - especially since my credit is excellent (my score is in the 800s).

I checked my credit report today and everything looks correct (except I found that somehow, an ex girlfriend's address from another state over 20 years ago was listed as mine.  Odd.  I filed a dispute as "Never lived there" to correct it).  I checked everything in the report and everything else looks exactly as it should.

I've placed an initial 90 day fraud alert on my file through Experian.

Is there anything else I should do?

I have to assume that whoever hacked Equifax could sit on the info they got for a while - perhaps even years.  It's crazy to think they've got over a hundred and 40 million people's credit info, including social security numbers, addresses...  everything needed to confirm their identities for fraud, which means nothing is safe anymore.  Yikes.
> There is recent news they might give you a randomly generated answer. File a CFPB complaint against Equifax

How could anyone figure out if they received a real or random answer?

How do I know if I need to file a complaint?
> "The company set up a website, www.equifaxsecurity2017.com, that consumers can use to determine whether their information was compromised.

This doesn't appear to be working anymore.  That page now a bunch of information but there isn't a specific link to see if you were impacted by the security breach.

What's the specific link to check to see if my data was stolen as part of their hack?
That sounds like a wise move.  You might even want to consider a 6 or 6s.  Is the 7 really a big enough step up from the 6s to justify the price if you can find a 6s on the cheap?  It's something to consider.

I'm thinking along the same lines for myself - sort of.  I'm either going to spend big in November when the X comes out, or I'm going to hold on to my 6 Plus for another year.  I never imagined getting four years out of my 6 Plus when I bought it, but it's such a fantastic phone that it's hard to justify upgrading without a really good reason.

Decisions, decisions, DECISIONS!

Good luck weighing your options.
Is that really worse than the scotch-taped ties?  Well, I suppose the back of his ties goes mostly unseen, though if he cares that little about them he might as well wear clip-on ties.
Simplenote is my pick.  It's even better if you use Notational Velocity on your Mac (and if you don't, I'd highly recommend it).
For most mattresses, slats are fantastic, and platform beds look so much more modern than the doubled-up look of a mattress on a box spring.  That being said, if you ever find a bed with slats but need a flat foundation, there are options for that.  I can't remember where, but somebody sells what looks like a box spring that's only 1/4 the height.  It's basically a covered flat surface to place over the slats for use with softer mattresses such as foam.
On the one hand, I'm tempted to recommend an iPhone 8 because you got four years out of your 5s, assuming you bought it when it was first released, which means you hang on to your gear and get your money's worth out of it.  So, buy the newest tech and get the longest time out of it.

On the other hand, this might be a good time to go cheap and upgrade again in a year or two instead of 4.  Why?  The iPhone X shows us that the home button is going away.  If you upgrade now, you're starting at the end of the current tech instead of the beginning of what's next.

So...  if I were you, I'd try to put off upgrading for another year, or maybe consider an SE as a cheaper alternative, or maybe look for a used 6, 6s or 7 on the cheap.

That being said...  a 7 or 8 will be a darn good phone.  I'm using a 6 Plus.  It's now 3 years old but it's still rocking like a champ.  If I don't buy an X this fall, I'll probably wait another year before I upgrade.

Food for thought!
[Could it be...?](https://youtu.be/IJXBsXtFplc?t=5m55s)
This is exactly what I'm thinking.  I really love my 6 Plus.  I bought it on day one and am coming up on three years.  It's a fantastic phone...  but...  it's just a bit too big sometimes.  I think the size of the X could be perfect.

It's interesting that Apple didn't stick with the same width as the 6/7/8 models.  I wonder why they didn't.
> This means the UI will be scaled up slightly, which I think is nice.

This is exactly what I'm wondering about.  How will Display Zoom look, in terms of how large text & UI elements are displayed on the X vs the 6/7/8 vs the 6/7/8 Plus? (In case it isn't clear which zoom I'm referring to, I mean Settings > Display & Brightness > Display Zoom > View "Zoomed").

As someone with poor vision, I LOVE the Display Zoom feature.  If Display Zoom in the X is basically the same as the 6/7/8 but scaled just a bit larger...  that would be enough to convince me to get the X.
Indeed.  They're quotes from the movie.  "I play the orchestra" is one of the best.
That's my thinking as well.  Face ID will be just like Touch ID in that you have to enter a passcode the first time after a reboot.
There are no top guys, alright? In the Apple II team, there are no top guys. They're B players, and B players discourage the A players, and I want A players at Apple!
That's a good question.  We could probably use an iPhone X Questions And Answers thread, because there are probably all sorts of details people are wondering about.  I'm dying to know how they replaced the triple-click home button gesture.  I use that all the time.
Someone else commented that it shouldn't make a difference, and now that I think about it, I'd bet that it'll work just fine since they're not reading the eye but rather reading the face.

Here's something else to consider if you have poor vision though.  What does the Display Zoom end up looking like, in terms of how large icons, text etc are - especially compared to their size on the 6/7/8 Plus with Display Zoom turned on.  Are they the same?  Are they a little bigger?  A little smaller?  To most people that won't matter, but if you have poor vision, every bit of increased size helps.

EDIT:  By the way - if you (or anyone else) figures that out, could you let me know?  I'd appreciate it.
I meant a nystagmus, not an astigmatism.  D'oh!  Thanks for catching that.  I've edited my comment to correct it.  Astigmatism can cause nystagmus (as it does for me which pretty much sucks, but hey, it is what it is).
I'm still using an AppleTV 2, but it's time for an upgrade.  I don't have a 4K TV.  Is there any reason to buy the 4K model over the standard model?
> Looks more like no one entered the passcode when it restarted prior to the presentation.

I completely forgot about that.  Face ID probably does also require a passcode to be entered the first time after restarting the device.

It's funny how, if anything ever goes wrong during an Apple event, people immediately look for reasons to predict Apple's doom.

It would be interesting to know what went wrong though.  It could be that the device had been restarted, thus the need for a passcode the first time...  or maybe it was the wrong device (meaning, Face ID had been set on that device for somebody else).  I wonder how many iPhones they were working with during the event, onstage and backstage.  We customize our iPhones with wallpaper, so it's instantly obvious we have the right device.  But for a demo, they're using the same stock background, so there's no visual cue which device is for whom.
How funny.  I forgot to check the stock price today.  It's currently down around half a point.  Yeah, any goofup during a keynote or major presentation will cause people to panic.  We're so used to these presentations being flawless.

Remember the presentation years ago, before the iPhone, when Jobs was trying to demo a phone that featured iTunes.  Was it a Motorola?  I don't remember the brand of the phone...  I just remember how pissed Jobs got when it didn't work on stage.
> The FaceID description raises more questions than it answered.

I agree - but - I assume it'll be another case where they'll release more information about it in the weeks to come.  I'm definitely looking forward to learning more.

> I think this is verging on the old "you are holding it wrong" defense.

It could just be that the wrong phone got put out for the demo, because it worked perfectly when he switched to the backup phone.  I wonder how many iPhones they had out there today.
Oh, yeah.

> and good idea on the backup device tho.

He mentioned the backup so fast that I missed when he swapped devices - and clearly Face ID worked smoothly on the other device.

> I recall when Steve asked the entire room to turn off all their devices because the Wi-Fi was being slow, so much cringe

Yeah, I was thinking about a video somebody posted recently about the first iPhone presentation.  I had no idea that Steve didn't actually have a working iPhone on stage that day.  Apparently, he had a bunch of demo units, each of which could do the function or feature he was showing at the time, and he kept swapping them.  Holy disaster potential, Batman!  But everything went smoothly.
I'm very excited about the iPhone X, but I feel like I was left with more questions than answers.  Hopefully they'll be putting out tons more info before the launch date.

What replaces home button gestures such as the triple click?

Are there any issues with Face ID for people with an astigmatism (which causes shaking/bouncing pupils), for example?  EDIT!  I meant a nystagmus, not an astigmatism.  D'oh!

What are the screen dimensions?  Do apps need to be redesigned for this size, or does it scale to the same dimensions as the 6/7/8 Plus models?

Does the iPhone X still offer the Display Zoom feature (Settings > Display & Brightness > Display Zoom "View")

Will Qi charging work with a case?  And, if so...

...will Apple be making a leather case for the iPhone X?  I LOVE the Apple leather case I've been using for the past 3 years on my 6 Plus.
I felt bad for Federighi when he first tried to unlock the iPhone X on stage and failed.  That guy is smoooooooth though.  He handled it with a laugh and moved on.  I wonder what went wrong.
Interesting!  I didn't realize that.  I'm looking forward to iOS 11, but I don't usually dabble with OS betas.
Has Siri's voice changed?  During the Apple Watch part of the presentation, Siri sounded...  different.  The voice sounded similar, but maybe younger?  Did anyone else notice?
You're trolling, harassing across multiple subreddits. r/nfl r/iphone r/politics r/coffee

Enough.
You're trolling, harassing across multiple subreddits. r/nfl r/iphone r/politics r/coffee

Enough.
You're trolling, harassing across multiple subreddits.  r/nfl r/iphone r/politics r/coffee

Enough.
I remember being a kid watching the Family Ties episode where Alex was with a therapist (I think?).  The episode was shot like live theater, if I recall correctly.  The backdrop was dark, and the episode was dark.  As a kid, I remember it being really compelling, because it was so different.
It's gonna be bright outside, unless it's night.
Y'know what I really wish?  I wish the Raiders could have moved into San Francisco now that the 49ers are in Santa Clara.  I know the NFL doesn't work that way, but damn, it makes me sad that the 49ers moved so far outside of the city.
"I think this is gonna be a run unless Philip throws it."
I know you're right, but still, San Antonio would have been a great fit.

I love the Raiders, but will Vegas really be a football city?  And since Vegas is such a travel destination, will every game feel like as much of a home crowd for the visitors?  Time will tell.
Oh, Rex, don't try to be funny.
Holy crap.  That was an impressive run.
You're right.  I remember watching a Chargers game where it seemed like half the crowd was there for the visitors.  Was it against the Steelers, maybe?

> Going to a game is an event, not a way of life.

That's why I was hoping one of the teams would move to San Antonio.  I get that Vegas is a booming media market, and LA is *the* media market, but I think San Antonio would have built a better fan base.
Sometimes, I wake in the morning and I ask myself "Am I a bot?"  Then I look in the mirror and I know I'm not.  But what if my mirror is actually a giant monitor programmed to show me what I would be expecting to see?
It's so weird how even when the Rams were terrible, they knew how to play hard against us.
I hate to say it, but I agree.
Well they didn't show up to their season opener.  Maybe their whole fan base in LA was out of town on the same weekend.  Could happen, right?  Yeah, that must be it.
While we've got a player down...  a question:

Do you think either the Rams or Chargers will build a big fan base in Los Angeles?  The Rams game looked empty yesterday.
Seriously.  What's the deal with the sound?
I was expecting him to have so much more personality.  Did he forget that he's Rex Friggin' Ryan?  Maybe he's trying too hard to sound professional or something?  He should just be himself.
Anyone else having trouble hearing the announcers?
I was too.

I wish the NFL would allow anything that can be determined in replay to be reviewed.  Literally, anything, even penalties (or at least major penalties).  It wouldn't slow down the game since each team only gets two challenges per game plus a third if they win both.

Eh, I don't know.  I just hate to see refs determine who wins and who loses instead of the players.  That being said...  I can't imagine how hard it must be to be a ref in the NFL.  Everything happens so fast, and wow, what a workout it must be physically to be running all over the field with the players for a few hours.

It's amazing to think about how much more pressure the refs must be under as camera technology improves.  The quality of replays these days versus decades ago is wild.

Anyway...  I want the Packers and the Seahawks in the playoffs.  In a perfect world, we'd meet again in the Superbowl.  I love both teams.

An on an unrelated note...  McCarthy should have kept the beard.  He looked like a badass.
> I tell my customers it is a hard credit check for every application 

I'm not familiar with a "hard credit check."  Is there anything negative about that for consumers who have good credit?
> You have to be trolling

I'm not trolling.

It's 9/11.  Today marks the anniversary of the worst terrorist attack on American soil.  Watch that video again and ask yourself if you really want to be that guy who defends what Trump said on that day.

Think about the context behind what he said.

You know you're wrong because you even started by saying:

> "Hate to defend him, but"

...but you did, on this day, as if his words had no context.
You're bitter because you know you're wrong, but your ego won't let you admit it.

On 9/11, Donald Trump bragged about how the loss of the World Trade Center made one of his properties a new tallest.  And here we are, on the anniversary of that terrible day and you defend his statement, as if the context is irrelevant.

> You can't tell the difference between someone disputing trivial facts and an actual substantive point?

There was nothing trivial about the tragedy of 9/11.

Context matters.
> You're either young or monumentally stupid

Reread what I said and you would realize I am neither.

What he said was indefensible, yet you took the time to defend it as if there was no context.  Sheesh.  Don't be that guy.
And yet you watched Trump brag about how what happened that day made his building a tallest, and you defended him.

I don't get it.

Even if he was correct, he couldn't have been more wrong to say it, especially on that occasion.
> Hate to defend him, but

Watch that video again.   Watch that video and remember what it was like on 9/11.  Remember the overwhelming feelings of fear and sorrow Americans felt that day.  Think about all of that, then watch that video and listen to what was on Trump's mind that day.  Even if what he said was correct, put it in context.  He was bragging that one of his buildings was now a tallest because terrorists had brought the World Trade Center down, killing thousands of people including first responders who gave their lives trying to save others.  And Trump thought that was an appropriate time to brag.  What does that tell us about Trump?  And what does that tell us about someone who watches Trump do something so monstrously crass and then defend him?
Too many Americans are racist And xenophobes.  Take the guy in the White House, for example.  And speaking of which, don't be surprised if he ends up seeking some other country to take him when a prison sentence becomes inevitable.  Maybe Rump & Snowden can be buddies in Russia.  Actually, no.  Russia won't want Rump once he is no longer valuable to them.
Ooh, you're clever.

I'm not complaining about the Packers at all.  In fact, I'm a huge Packer fan, though obviously I'd rather have my Seahawks win.  My issue is with the NFL.  We had more points taken away than we lost by, and Lane should not have been ejected.  There's no reason the NFL couldn't have checked replay's on the ejection and reversed it by half time at the latest.
Let's see.  Two touchdowns called back and a player ejected though the guys in the broadcast booth watching replay after replay didn't see it.  14 points and a player.  And the NFL will probably have nothing to say.  That game was fucked up.

Before anybody criticizes the Seahawks for the outcome of this game, don't forget to add 11 points to our final score before you judge.  11 points and an ejected player who shouldn't have even drawn a flag.
Well, he did say he can't *JUST* be the idiot...
Congratulations, Kansas City!!!

Even though I watched the game, I'm having trouble believing what I saw.
> Try again tomorrow

He'll be dead by then.
Could you recommend a strainer that would be good?
TrustedID Premier?

While checking to see if I had been impacted, I received this message:

> Click the button below to continue your enrollment in TrustedID Premier

Is TrustedID Premier always free?  Is it worth signing up?  I'm not familiar with TrustedID Premier at all.
Really?  That's an interesting idea I've never heard before.  Doesn't your fridge end up smelling like coffee?
THIS!  Especially since there's a lot of brown in both.
I'm confused.  You say I shouldn't wash them down the sink drain, but you put them down the toilet?

I figured the sink drain was fine since it has a garbage disposal, which means it must be able to handle stuff one would put through that.
Oh, yeah, I know.  The entire point of using the term was to hide the cruelty of conservative policies.
Those fools are like a jilted lover thinking "He'll come back to me if I love him enough."  Those fools.
Remember when conservatives used to pretend to be compassionate: Compassionate Conservatives?

...yeah.  That sure ended fast.
Turn your Pi into an entertainment center controller for stuff you've already got.

I use a Pi and a [Flirc usb IR receiver](https://www.flirc.tv/) to control my Philips Hue lights and my Mac via a universal remote control.  Flirc is an awesome little gizmo that translates remote IR codes to hotkeys.  And Raspbian includes a daemon called TriggerHappy that can be used to assign functions to hotkeys.  So, a button press on my remote triggers a script that controls my Hue lights, or launches an Applescript on my Mac on the other side of the room, telling my Mac to stream an iTunes playlist to my Pi.

I set this up a few months ago, and I'm frigging kicking myself for not having done it years ago.

Oh, and I should add that the [Allo Boss DAC](https://www.allo.com/sparky/boss-dac.html) kicks more butt than I could possibly express.  It's fantastic - even for a picky audiophile like me.
The console looks fantastic.  I'd consider lowering the painting a bit.  I also really like the triangle-ish C-Table at the end of the couch.  Source?  Tables like that are such versatile pieces.

I'm not crazy about this particular coffee table for your space though - the one in front of your couch.  It looks like a nice coffee table, but the shape isn't the best for your space.  An oval would be so much better since it looks like your couch is curved and your chairs are placed in a manner that creates a giant oval shaped gathering space.  Your coffee table corners look like they're too close to the couch, yet the table looks like it might be too far away from the center of the couch.
I don't trust a mostly Republican Supreme Court to save us from gerrymandering.  The Republicans on the court want the court packed with more Republicans.

I hope the Supreme Court proves me wrong, but I'm expecting them to find a way to preserve or perhaps even increase gerrymandering.

**Let's not forget that one of the nine seats on the current court was stolen.**
> I actually thought credits cards gave you a credit that you had to pay interest on, always.

You get charged no interest if you pay your bill completely before the due date.  Most people don't though.  Most people pay either the minimum balance due or they pay maybe a chunk of the balance, but not all of it.  That's what credit card companies want you to do, because they charge you interest on the balance.  That interest is usually between 15 and 22%, and they charge even more as a penalty when people are late with payments.

I haven't paid a dime in interest in nearly a decade because I follow a simple system:

1. I don't spend money I don't have.  If I want a $1,000 camera, I save $1,000 first so that I can pay the credit card bill off.

2.  I pay off my credit cards completely twice a month.  I know twice is overkill, but it makes me happy and it only takes a few minutes.  I have repeating reminders in my calendar app to pay my bills.  One pops up on the 10th of each month, the other on the 25th.  When the reminder pops up, I open a browser window with tabs for my bank and each of my credit cards.  I check my bank statement, then I pay each credit card off.  It takes less than 5 minutes.  A few clicks and I'm done.

> Now knowing that you pay no interest of you clear your debt at the end of the month I am somewhat baffled that there are so many people not paying the CC at the end of the month.

Most people aren't financially responsible enough to control themselves with credit cards.  They see a statement from their credit card saying they can spend up to $10,000 (for example), so they buy stuff they otherwise wouldn't be able to afford, and they carry a balance because they don't have to pay it all off right away...  but they don't realize how much the interest piles up.
No worries!  It's not a dumb question.

Debit cards don't give rewards.  I end up getting a couple hundred bucks a year in cash back from my credit cards.  Let's say you buy a camera for $1,000.  If you pay for it on a Citi Double Cash Card, you get 2% cash back.  That's $20 back.  Also, there are other benefits such as purchase protection, etc.

There are actually many reasons why it can be better to put purchases on a credit card rather than a debit card - but it only works in your favor if you're responsible enough to always pay it off completely each month.  And your credit rating climbs.  My credit rating is in the 800s and all I do to get such great credit is pay my bills on time.

So...  if you're responsible enough to pay off the card each month completely, you come out ahead by using credit cards that have great rewards.  But if you spend more than you have & carry a balance, you're flushing money down the toilet.
> It’s like the elevator turns around!

I live in a building like that, where, when you're inside the elevator, there are doors on both sides.  I'm often amazed by how quickly people's dogs figure it out.  It's also kind of funny to walk into the elevator behind someone who's never been in the building before, to see where they stand.  Usually, people enter an elevator and turn around to face the doors, but here there are doors on both sides.  Residents face the doors they'll be exiting from but newcomers tend to either face the doors they entered through, or they stand at the side facing the other side.  But like I said, I'm always amazed by how quickly dogs seem to figure it out.
Y'know, you're probably right.  I've often wondered what credit card companies think of people like me who pay the cards off each month.  Then again, maybe not.  I highly recommend the cards I use because the rewards are fantastic.  Chase gives 5% back on Amazon purchases.  AMEX Blue gives 3% back on groceries (that adds up!!!).  Citi gives 2% back on everything.  But, of course, those rewards only matter if you don't cary a balance, otherwise the interest means you pay far more than you earn in rewards.
**Credit Cards**

I had to explain that getting a credit card with a $10,000 limit doesn't mean he now has $10,000 to spend.  And, I had to explain how paying the monthly minimum means everything he'd buy would cost  a hell of a lot more money because the interest would pile up.

I'm amazed by how many people don't understand credit at all.

In case anybody is reading this who doesn't understand credit:  A credit card does not give you money.  A credit card gives you instant loans from the bank that you have to pay back, and if you don't pay them back entirely by the end of the month, the bank charges you a lot of interest.  The reason credit cards offer all kinds of perks like cash back is because they know most people will end up paying them a fortune in interest.  Not me.  I put EVERYTHING on credit cards but I pay them off 100% every month so I rack up rewards without every paying a single cent in interest.  I get 3% back on groceries and 2% back on everything else.  And I never pay any interest because I pay it off at the end of the month.

And how do I afford to do that?  Am I rich?  Oh, hell no.  I just don't buy what I can't afford.  If I don't already have the money in my checking account, I won't buy it on a credit card.
> but I'm optimistic (lol) for the future

Thanks to the #1 overall pick in the 2018 draft you'll get?
When was the last time an NFL game was postponed?  How would they make up for this game if it's not played this weekend?  Well...  they both do have the same Bye week...  but it'd be cruel to have them play straight through the season without a bye.
I don't have an answer, but I have an idea.  You could sew in some sort of loops into the and corners and sides along the bottom edge where they'd be under the mattress, and then get some thick fabric strips (or even elastic?) to run under the mattress.  Attach the clips to the end of the fabric strips & clip them to the loops.  Yeah, it'd be a pain in the ass to set up the first time, but once you made it, it would hold the fitted sheet in place.  When it's time to wash your sheets, undo the clips to remove the fitted sheet, and clip it back in place when you put the fitted sheet your bed.

Give it some thought - there has to be a way to pull the fitted sheet a bit tighter & hold it in place.
Next, we need to prove Paul Ryan is somehow implicated in the Russian scandal so that he doesn't end up being President when the dominoes start falling.
> Why can't the same be said for the Browns?

The same can be said for the Browns - once they earn it with playoff wins, conference championships and a ring.

I'll say it again.  The same can be said for the Browns - once they earn it.
Do you really want to compare the Seahawks and the Browns during the time period since the Browns re-entered the league in 1999?  Fine.  Let's do it.

**The Seahawks**

Conference championships:  
NFC: 2005, 2013, 2014

Division Championships:  
AFC West: 1999  
NFC West: 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2010, 2013, 2014, 2016

Playoff appearances:  
12.  (1999, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2010, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016)


**The Browns**

Conference championships:  
0  
Division Championships:  
0  
Playoff appearances:  
1  (2002)
> William...  SHATNER...  THE...  over...  ACTOR.

FTFY.

Edited to add, I kid but I'm a huge fan of his work.  If you haven't heard any of his music with Ben Folds, I'd highly recommend it.  Especially [In Love](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZjPquefcoqM), from Ben Folds' Fear Of Pop album.
35% of the country is just evil.  They're people who don't mind screwing themselves over if they think a liberal is getting screwed worse.  I don't know if they were born bad, or if they're bad because of the hate they surround themselves with.  I was born and raised mostly in rural redneck conservative America, and most of my family was racist but even as a little kid I knew it was wrong.

I've never understood that mindset.  Then again, I don't understand how people cling to labels and party politics in the first place.  I don't consider myself liberal.  I just want the same rights for everybody else that I want for myself.  People talk about equality like it's some sort of liberal thing.  That blows my mind.  Equality just means fair.  But, somehow, it also means liberal.  Also, isn't it funny how Republicans and Libertarians aren't anti-government when they need it?  Why are so many people so thoughtless and greedy?
Sorry, but that doesn't look good.  Unless there's a reason you have an emotional connection to that table, I'd replace it.

My advice would be to get a tall pub style table and a pair of stools for that spot.  I bet you could find one that is a dark brown, similar to the wood in your kitchen.  It would look great.

[Look for something like this.](http://foter.com/explore/pub-tables-and-chair-sets).  I own a [pub table like this](http://foter.com/explore/pub-tables-and-chair-sets), but with only 2 chairs.  It's fantastic, especially for a small space.
> compete

...lolz

We're talking about the Browns.
Add a bit of Tabasco.
Any word on what will happen to the current Hue API?

I'm glad Philips is starting over with the API.  I have to assume they've learned a lot in the last 5 years.  I just hope the next API is as open for users as the current one is.  I love being able to write Applescripts to control my Hue lights.  I use Applescript to do all sorts of things with my Hue, ranging from keyboard triggers for my lights on my Mac to Applescript notifications (for example, I have a button on my universal remote set to toggle iTunes playback between Mac and my Raspberry Pi via airplay.  A different light blinks to show which device streaming switched to, for visual confirmation).
Do a search for Platform Beds and you'll come up with all sorts of options.
Corruption shouldn't dictate American policy.
No edit necessary.  You are absolutely right.
Do we know if Trump hasn't already signed pardons for himself and those who could incriminate him?

Also:

> But Trump might just be positioning himself apart from the Republican Party ahead of 2018, a form of "triangulation" that could help him gain friendships across party aisles during a moment of presidential crisis, former Trump campaign adviser Barry Bennett explained.

That is the dumbest thing I've ever read.  Newsweek should feel embarrassed for publishing it and whoever the hell Barry Bennett is, he should feel even more embarrassed for having his name attached to it.  That is seriously stupid.

No Democrat is going to side with a man who sides with bigots and says good people march with Nazis.
Confederates were traitors who fought against the United States.  They should be memorialized as such.

They were traitors.
Mark my words: Trump will be using this hurricane as an excuse to pat himself on the back for weeks, no matter how many people suffer or even die.

I'm watching KHOU in Houston's internet feed and it's so sad.  It's now 1:20am Houston time and they're showing people walking through water without knowing how deep it may be, trying to reach safety.  It's heartbreaking.

I went through Tropical Storm Francis in Houston back in 1998 and my area saw flooding (though luckily, my apartment wasn't flooded).  I can't even imagine what the people who live there now are going through.  It's heartbreaking.
I was watching him at the end being surrounded by his teammates to celebrate the win, and as they were all slapping him with cheers, I pictured him going OW!! OW!!! OUCH!! OW!!! YEAH!!!! OW!! OW!!! OH FUCK OUCH!!!! OW!!! OW!! OW!!! OW!! OH YEAH!!!! OH OW!!!!!!! OW!! OW!!! OW!! OUCH!!!!!!!!! OW!! OW!!! AWE YEAH!!!!!! OH OUCH!!!!!!! OW!! OW!!! OW!! OW!!! YEAH!!!!! OW!! OW!!! OW!! OW!!! OW!! OW!!! OW!! OW!!! OW!! OUCH!!!!!!!
THAT WAS A PRESEASON GAME?!??!?

Holy cow, that was fantastic!  That poor guy must hurt like hell right now, but he got the win.  Awesome awesome stuff.
Most of the debate about taxes is based on lies about loopholes.

Republicans like to say The U.S. has the highest taxes blah blah blah, but they're lying by ignoring the fact that most of the rich get loopholes that let them out of paying taxes.  Hell, our so-called president admitted that he pays nothing.  How can he pay nothing while saying taxes are too high?  Does he want the government to pay taxes to HIM?  Hell, he probably does.

In a perfect world, we'd wipe out all loopholes and create a flat tax that the rich can't weasel out of.
I don't know.  He didn't look done for to me.  He looked rattled for sure, and he was backing up, but he wasn't falling down.  He was losing, but he didn't look like he was done. The ref didn't even pause the fight to see if McGregor was ok.  He just ended it.  Jesus, a guy lying on the mat at least gets a count of ten.

I was rooting for Mayweather anyway, so it's not like I care, but I feel like that wasn't an ending. 
I...  guess.

When the fight ended, both guys seemed fine.  McGregor was cracking jokes and hamming it up.  I loved seeing the two of them talking after the fight.  It looked like they had a lot of respect for each other and that's fantastic to see...  but the ending felt...  rushed?

I guess it was right to call the fight when they did, but...  that didn't feel like an ending.  There wasn't even a pause to see if McGregor was alright.  It was called over so fast.
I guess I just figured at that point, the ref would end the round, giving it to Mayweather and the guys would retreat to their corners to recoup for the next round.

Oh well.  Whatever.

I was expecting Mayweather to win, but that ending felt pretty disappointing.
I don't understand the end of that fight.  I don't watch boxing, so obviously this isn't my sport...  but...  that counts as a knockout?
> Though the Second Amendment people, maybe there is, I don't know.

I hope people realize you're quoting Trump.

No matter how awful Trump and the alt-right are, we should never stoop to their level.
> Because most illegals aren't from mexico?

Judging someone by the color of their skin is the definition of racism.  Arpaio was detaining people based on skin color regardless of whether or not they'd done anything wrong.  He was assuming anyone with brown skin was illegal and he was rounding them up until they could prove they were citizens.  Only a bigot would think that isn't unAmerican.
The Speaker doesn't have the courage to use is own voice.
It won't.

Republicans are spineless and traitorous, placing their allegiance to party over country.
> this man should hang.

Or, better yet, he should be sent to his own prison camp.
Go TIMBERS!
True, but it's a home game for two teams, not one.
Oh, the irony of the Rams getting rammed.  Ouch.
Keenan Allen's gloves look like he's running with flags!
I realize it's the pre-season, but still...  two teams are both playing a home game and the stadium isn't filled.  It's too late for the debate about whether or not LA needs two teams, but I can't help thinking San Antonio would have been a better fit for The Chargers.

EDIT: And now, after the season opener, it looks like [I'm not alone in questioning NFL attendance in Los Angeles](http://www.sportingnews.com/nfl/news/rams-mocked-on-social-media-poor-attendance-season-opener-colts/izp6nx06fo8315r90jupb9k1n).  The stands looked pretty empty yesterday.
The legislative branch is filled with shameful cowards, the majority of whom place their allegiance to party above their allegiance to country.  In my opinion, that should be considered treason.  At the very least, it is pathetically unpatriotic.
If Male Fashion is no longer a Male Fashion sub, perhaps a mod should explain that in the Male Fashion sub sidebar so people can understand what the Male Fashion sub now is since the term Male Fashion no longer explains it.
You're right.  Arpaio belongs in prison.
> Apparently you don't believe in border security, only narrative security.

Where did I say anything about border security?  I believe strongly in border security, though I don't think a wall is the best way to achieve it, nor do I believe it is acceptable to lock up people who aren't white, which is exactly what Apraio did.  He rounded up people who weren't white because to him, white means American and brown means illegal until proven otherwise.

> The only way you can do that is smear "bigotry" when someone dares challenge it.

Smear bigotry?  What the hell?!?  Are you saying bigotry isn't wrong?
I applaud general Mattis for being honest with his troops, but he is now part of the Trump administration.  It's time for him to be honest with the American people.

Note the estimated date and the part where he says those problems don't exist in the military.

> “Our country right now, it’s got problems we don’t have in the military,” Mattis said. “You just hold the line until our country gets back to understanding and respecting each other and showing it.”

By the time this video hit social media, Trump had introduced institutionalized bigotry back into the military.

I don't give a damn if a soldier is gay, straight, bi, queer, male, female, trans, black, white or motherfucking purple.  If they are physically and mentally fit and want to risk their god damn lives to serve our country, my answer would be yes please, thank you, and how can we as a nation better serve YOU?

EDIT: Typo.