Everybody gets one - Spiderman
What's the global black white wealth gap, because those dates don't mean anything outside of the US.
Would have been better, but the problem with having big stars like in movies is you want to see their face as much as possible.
[I'm mostly interested in the Mac / Trench](https://us.suitsupply.com/en_US/coats/light-grey-raincoat/J492I.html) that goes for $500 which is a bit ridiculous. 

That seems to be Suit Supply's thing, way over the top suiting. If you have ever been in one of their stores, they have really great stuff, but all the guys are wearing over the top combinations on top with capris and suede loafers on the bottom.
https://a.suitsupplycdn.com/image/upload/b_white,c_pad,dpr_2.0,f_auto,fl_progressive,h_668,q_auto,w_484/v1/products/Coats/default/J492_1.jpg
Depends, when toys r us re-released the original TMNT action figures from the 80s a couple of years ago I went back and got them along with the party bus.

I'm in my 30s and a respected dual degree business professional that doesn't look like a person that would be interested in nostalgia or toys.

Not only was I excited for them but I hope my kids will be excited about them too.
You can network in or go into a corporation's leadership and development program for corpdev (some don't have that, but is usually positioned and Corp strat), or general leadership and development program and leverage that time and those connections into a position once the program is over.
Not only that but China requires companies entering China to establish JVs with Chinese companies so they can brain drain the information - China would lose big time if this escalated.

Additionally, their entire economy is artificially propped up by the CN government and their outlandish anti-competitive laws that allow corporations like Tencent to flourish and grow.
You haven't truly.played through it if you haven't gotten the houdoken
I just opened up the WSJ this morning to see a full page Facebook ad apologizing and it was so half-assed and careless it's as if they just have a damage control checklist and are just going through the items one by one.
Great way to ruin good whiskey
I'm so tired of the Bennett brothers
SpongeBob is still on air?
Thank God for soothsayer bill Gates and his never ending vague prophecies.
Walmart has no clue what they are doing and they believe they can just acquire their way ahead of Amazon.
I think this is a dangerous statement overall. Trump is a total wild card and no one knows what the hell he is doing, or what his plan is. 
Amazing
Can anyone explain how our intelligence agencies either miss this completely, or allow this to happen?

Not so much Trump, but you would assume that the US would be somewhat impervious to foreign meddling in our presidential election - after all, the US isn't a small third world country.

Or maybe I am just completely naive.
Anyone paying more than $10 for anything on Udemy is probably not a savvy consumer to begin with
What he said at 9:08 regarding the precision engineering found in something like a Swiss watch but on the production level of millions is insane.
My interpretation was that the lifetime no questions asked warranty was developed back when LL Bean was a standalone bait shop in Maine and it should have ended years ago. 

Due to rampant abuse of individuals buying old LL Bean items second hand from thrift stores and then trying to return them for new items the company was forced to edit the policy.

That said, the CEO seemed pretty clear in saying it is now a standard 1 year warranty but that each issue would and could be reviewed on a case by case basis.

Not sure what the issue is - LL Bean has always been a standup brand and I am sure if the issue can be resolved, they will resolve it.
Those are sentences / phrases, completely different from having the word Stone by itself clearly separated from the rest of its name on its packaging.
https://www.tagheuer.com/sites/default/files/uploads/news/9ece621b21905e4046e29acb98854922ea9dc139.jpg

I've followed Stone since its inception. From a business perspective, they are one of the best and in the world of craft beer, they are clearly a trailblazer.

Greg Koch, their founder and CEO, has been slowly losing his mind throughout the years. While he has always had this level over cringy smugness to him, it has intensified over the years and only grows odder with his homeless-hipster appearance.  If he didn't own Stone he would probably be institutionalized.  

That being said, it is clear what Miller is doing - I don't think anyone that knows about Stone would be confused by Keystone's packaging, but still. The main problem here is Stone isn't going after big beer, they are going after anyone in the beer world that uses the word Stone. In this instance, Stone looks like the little guy, but they have sued much smaller breweries in the past for the use of the word Stone.
Believe it or not there are a lot of people that own guns for hunting and sport, which is why you see a large number of gun ownership in states with low gun related deaths.

I would be interested in seeing how a state like Illinois is skewed by a city like Chicago. I'd bet if you removed the metro Chicago population, that number would jump over 40%
I don't know if he will leave. He gets paid, he doesn't have to play in a P5, FAU has the bar much lower.

He has also been quoted as saying he is tired of moving around, wants his kids to grow up in one place, and that you can't really beat Boca.
Excellent!
What types of light snacks
>Alas, for reasons I cannot delve into here, our partnership had to end.

It's fair to disclose if these reasons were personal or professional and if professional, if there were transgressions that could impact users.

Quite honestly, not shedding light on what happened and then following it up with the odd transitioning of the twitter account, and you apparently losing the entirety of your MEW team doesn't clarify much for anyone. What team members were lost and how much access do they have to anything legacy to MEW?

There isn't really a lot of clarity here and I am not sure why the expansive user base is being left in the dark.

If you are truly innocent and she went through with an underhanded hostile takeover of your brand and team, you should disclose that to the community.



Good thinking trading IT to LA for LeBron's impending arrival there next season.
Explorer I or II? I feel the same way about the I but love the II.
Cain is way too high - he isn't a good WR
This isn't happening.

But you should check out the freakonomics podcast with the PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi as she discussed snacking habits between men and women. Men are more likely to do things like finish a whole bag of chips, even down to the crumbs and not shy away from crunching.

This is what led to the whole exploration of "women's snacks" - trying to see if there was a way to conceptualize a snack that wasn't loud, didn't draw attention to the snacker, and could potentially be finished in its entirety without having to stuff your face in the bag to get the last crumbs.  
He seemed to believe that Ethereum was a security, which is very wrong and frightening in many, many ways.
What is the huge drop-off between this strap and the hodinkee driven by?

This strap looks like it is suede - is it simply half-suede on top or what's the deal?
How lucky is Blount? He just keeps getting traded and winning Superbowls 
/r/personalfinance 
lol, welcome back Asik
I'd want him in Chicago 
Again, you are basing this off of one season and arguing against a guy that showed flashes of greatness and we don't fully understand what he is capable of.

Two full seasons since 2012 one of which was his rookie season with trash QBs throwing to him.

Go compare the stats.
Ya, you shouldn't view value or potential on one season, especially a season where Josh Gordon played minimal games.

You should go view comparable stats - pretty interesting, especially when you realize Gordon has only played two full seasons since 2012 one of which was his rookie season.

He has also done all of that on a terrible team with heinous quarterbacks.  
Browns have a top 5 WR, potentially the best WR in the league 
Yes, it's clear that the reporters must dig to find information - which should be the case of any solid investigative reporter.

Specific to the story, the reporter found the spy Aldrich Ames in a county prison, unguarded, and available to visitors - so he visited him all the time to interview him and Aldrich was of course more than happy to answer questions.  
exactly, didgeridoo and such 
There is an interesting podcast on Malcolm Gladwell's Revisionist History in season two called [The Road to Damascus](http://revisionisthistory.com/episodes/12-the-road-to-damascus) that touches on the clandestine world of the CIA, its assets, and how it has to balance itself with the free and open press.

It's worth a listen by itself as the story is extremely intriguing, but one of the points made is how it is difficult for the US to run and operate agencies like the FBI, CIA, NSA, etc especially when compared to counterpart agencies found in Russia, China, and even England / Great Britain as those agencies really don't have to answer to a free and open press and can essentially do what they want.

There is a part in the podcast where the US Counterterrorism Chief is trying to explain to a reporter that is getting ready to print a story about a CIA asset that by printing certain information it could compromise and endanger the asset and the journalist should proceed cautiously. As an example, the podcast then draws a parallel to how a similar situation would be handled in Britain:

>These kinds of conversations between reporters and government officials are not unusual. This is how Washington works. In the United Kingdom, there’s something commonly known as a D-Notice, which is a government order issued to a media organization saying, “You shouldn’t publish what you want to publish because it endangers national security.” If this story were taking place in the United Kingdom, the minute Weiner called to say, “I know about Al Pacino,” the British government would have slapped a D-Notice on him, end of story. But the United States doesn’t have D-Notices; it has a constitutional right to freedom of the press. So what happens instead is a negotiation. The reporter comes in, he or she gets briefed, maybe the head of the CIA calls the editor of The Washington Post or The New York Times and says, “Look, we’re really uncomfortable with this. Here’s why.”

*Note: Weiner is a reporter, Al Pacino is the code name given to the asset*

Not entirely related to the posted topic, but it ties in a bit and is interesting nonetheless.
Ah, good to know - obviously not true GMT but that could definitely get the job done.

Thanks.
British and Aussie cussing / slang is next level 
Ya, I am aware of those - was hoping I was missing a DA46 GMT style - as you would probably agree, it is their most striking style of watch - was hoping a GMT option might be available somewhere I was overlooking.
Do they make this style in GMT?
If you were to ask Brady about Suggs he would probably say he thinks they are a great brand that make a comfortable shoe.

And then correct your pronunciation and tell you it is pronounced "Uggs"
Ya - this is what I was trying to get a handle on.

It's looking like you'll have to dip into the second hand market for the good Glycine piece.
How old is this watch? Is this one of the newer ones? Which airman is this?

I heard there might be some issues with Glycine since the Invicta acquisition - any truth to that?
I hadn't heard about AP Bio - the trailer looks interesting.

At the end of the day, Dennis not being involved in Sunny will be a huge hit to the show. I am sure that they will pump out great episodes and still find laughs, but it just wouldn't be the same.
>Also referred to as single pane view, single pane of glass is an information technology (IT) phrase used to describe a management tool — such as a unified console or dashboard — that integrates information from varied sources across multiple applications and environments into a single display.

It's a useless and meaningless phrase 
haha, ya, fuck all those guys trying to do their jobs, many of which didn't live a lifestyle anywhere close to your friends in hollywood

meanwhile, keep living in your bubble
Not only this but guys like Cain were total liabilities.  
My GSD is about to turn 9 and I'm pretty strict with the proper exercise, diet, arthritis medication routine.

Seeing that yours made it to 15 gives me some hope that we still have a decent amount of time left.
Great book
What the fuck? That's some Mary Poppins shit.
oh shit thanks - didn't even know!
the thought of building a fresh pc each time is hilarious 
That's how I always classify it on my end, for tax purposes.
You have an error in your data /u/SlymaxOfficial - you don't have 'New Windows" under the 'Fun' category.
It's twice the distance from Clemson to Charlotte than Athens to Atlanta but that isn't the point - the point is Athens-Clarke County where UGA is is in metro Atlanta.  
What is this? Is there background information anywhere? 
1337 is fuckin lit
It's not that simple, actually - and that data is from the census.

You can continue to argue with your opinion devoid of fact or reality, but that doesn't change the structure of the Metro area.  
Actually, yes it is.

I am not sure if you understand how metro areas work, but metro Atlanta is 8,500 Square Miles to include Clarke County, where Athens, GA is.

>The metro area forms the core of a broader trading area, the Atlanta–Athens-Clarke–Sandy Springs Combined Statistical Area.

>Clarke County is included in the Athens-Clarke County, GA Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is also included in the Atlanta-Athens-Clarke County-Sandy Springs, GA Combined Statistical Area


UGA essentially lost a home game in the NCG ;)
What about UGA?
You would just have to send that crypto from your coinbase wallet to a different wallet.

For example, you could create a simple paper wallet, purchase a cold storage wallet like a trezor of ledger nano s, there are a lot of different ways to go about this.
FDIC insurance only covers US Fiat, not cryptoassets.

Coinbase offers the same FDIC coverage for cash reserves.  
Yale has engineering? 
Interesting, I didn't know coaching was what he wanted
Definitely reasonable - but again, wouldn't still playing help his chances of draft position? 
What is the reasoning for Hurts to stay? I think staying hurts any potential meaningful draft hopes at a high position Jalen has as he would be riding pine or coming in for specifically designed packages for him.

He has his championship, I think now it is about improving - which he can't do if he doesn't play.
I'm often confused why developers give apple the focus when developing apps. Even if Google play blocked this from their store users could still download and install the .apk
This isn't surprising, but this can still be done in traditional equity markets - what do you think happens to a stock if Buffet announces he is buying or dumping?
Good work America - let's not concern ourselves with the clear white collar criminals like Equifax or Intel execs that dumped stock before bad news got out, or that federal agencies like the FCC are blatantly bought and paid for.

No, instead, let's dump time, money, and resources into deporting a long standing American back to a country he hasn't lived in since he was 10 years old and knows nothing about, leaving his entire family behind.

Let's put his family on government assistance now so the US Taxpayer has to support his family since he has been deported and not offer him a clear path to citizenship.

Great work.

*edit:* Looks like the poli-sci majors from t_d are brigading.

Replies from T_D frequenters - your echo chambered comments are actually extremely intriguing because there isn't an original thought between you guys:

* -BeardedLurkers
* hogshead1218
* Cockoisseur
* shrekter

Six to midnight
Oh - I guess theres zero sense of humor up in Ann Arbor 
Step 1: Don't have sleepovers with them during recruiting process 
I think Paul Johnson at coach is a bigger problem for you than our D.
I'm happy we get to take this show on the road to A&M to give Jimbo another dicking.

No disrespect to A&M, I have no problem with you guys - but fuck Jimbo Fisher.
In two seasons you have played 3 qbs against us for a total of 2 pass tds, 3 INTs, and 233 pass yards.

Fuck outta here.
I'm shocked by this but I think it speaks to the culture Dabo has built and the level of buy in from the players 
Literally a pedophile politician running for office in that state but this guy gets busted for this.
I feel like the last time I heard Ozzy speak was when he had his reality show and he seemed like he was in a perpetual stroke - you couldn't understand a word he was saying. Was that driven by the drugs and alcohol he was no doubt still taking at that time?

He seems pretty healthy and coherent here - almost like he is younger in this clip than he was on his show.
Who the fuck buys 5 shares at 5 dollars - what is even the point of this?
I like how you think those are big gains when you could just buy the kodakchain ico and do the same pump and dump and get a 5000% return.

But you can't because you aren't an institutional investor so you can't participate, so it's back to trading amd stock on robinhood for you
To be fair they have tried. They came out with a smart phone geared specifically towards photography that none of you neckbeards probably heard of.
Two games in a row.

Holy shit that is a low bar that also seems unachievable for the Browns.
upvote for use of canoodling - thought for sure that would be too advanced a word for this sub 
In addition to what the other person responded to you with, ICOs are not equity or ownership in the company.

You see a lot of companies like Ripple, which actually have a business model and a product that institutions (banks) are buying, have a token offering simply to raise money. They have stated that their currency is meaningless, not intended to be a currency, and has nothing to do with Ripple itself. They created 100 billion XRP and have only released about 40% of those tokens, the remaining 60 billion are released through a timetable established by Ripple through smart contracts.

In Kodak's case they are building this product / service on top of the Ethereum blockchain in order to utilize the smart contract technology necessary to power their product and service. In their case, they will need an ecosystem token to allow for the exchange of value between users, so an ICO is really needed to get that token into the market so users can begin a system of exchange with each other.
This is actually a needed product in the creative and photography industry, but the interesting things to note here are:

* Kodak is the first publicly traded company to issue an ICO
* They worked with the SEC to issue this ICO so it is completely compliant
* This potentially paves the way for other publicly traded companies to simply issue an ICO for any product and service, sidestepping burning cash, or debt financing
* You are all faggots 
Agree completely - a line should be drawn somewhere around the 60s or 70s - maybe once segregation ended.
What is the logic behind having a non playoff team being ranked ahead of a playoff team that lost to the national champion? 

Shouldn't even go beyond that, but their SoS was weak as hell, and for the comparable team matchup, they beat Miami by 10 - we beat them by 35.

Clemson would trounce Wisconsin and Wisconsin would have even less of a shot against Bama.  
I don't know how I'm supposed to feel about that. Hopefully I can find solace in multiple championships
There has been this outlandish narrative on here that Clemson should have finished below Wisco, PSU, OSU, and UCF because we lost in the playoffs to the national champion.

Our defense showed up, our offense couldn't get it going. Fact is, if you take away Bama's pick six, and the turnover putting bama in the redzone, that gamer was 10-6 going into the fourth.

I think Bama, specifically the defense, came into that game wanting retribution for the year before. Those guys wanted blood and wanted to destroy us. Our guys didn't have that same level of focus because the majority of those guys aren't the ones that beat Bama in the NCG the year prior - I really believe they weren't prepared for the level of anger Bama brought, it was personal as hell.
I'll go with this one.
I still view Knute Rockne as the guy.

At this point the game is established, it's just who can recruit and execute. Rockne did a lot of stuff to revolutionize the game as we know it.

I get the Saban argument as far as championships go, but "greatest coach ever" is difficult to quantify as the game has transformed dramatically by decade.
this ranking has three non playoff contenders ahead of two playoff contenders.

K.
You hold your fucking tongue about Austin Peay!
Second time a georgia fan makes a nonsensical statement in this thread centered around clemson being in the top 4.

amazing.
I don't know what is going on, if it is just Clemson having established itself as a rooted and mainstay program and getting a glimpse of the hate through success Bama deals with, but I find myself agreeing with bama fans through basic logic more and more while the rest of this sub runs rampant with idiocy.  
Let's take this moment to say fuck wisconsin for even allowing this to happen 
Incredible that you can come in third in your conference, not compete for your conference championship, and play in and win the national championship
make sure that nissan commercial is at 10000 though
that camera guy got destroyed holy fuck
lmao
you legit had to kick a 5 yard chip shot 
LOL
Tua's haircut is awful 
In ten years I can't wait to see bama vacate most of these championships for whatever elicit shit is going on there 
I see Matt Ryan gave UGA their halftime pep talk 
SEC

it just means more true freshmen 
Literally a graphic on the TV that says "true freshman" lmao
I want UCF to enter the stadium with folding chairs like in the WWF
it would force players to tackle properly, part of the reason there are less concussions in rugby 
need sources 
That guy swung on a coach and is back in the game? wow.
teenage daughter an awful bitch? build her a pool with your retirement nest egg!
false sophomore 
how true are these freshman though?
https://georgia.247sports.com/Bolt/Alabama-player-punches-Georgia-player-tries-to-fight-coach-113430663
Fuck this nissan commercial 
^^^^^^true ^^^^^^freshman
For real, this was just immediately swept under the rug 
if UGA wins tonight, we will be following a championship trend:

1981: Clemson --> 2016: Clemson

1980: UGA --> 2017: UGA

1979: Bama --> 2018: Bama


this is such a weird game
That kid has the worst "beard" i have ever seen, it's just like long chops that don't connect 
Where will Hurts transfer to next year?
reported 6'1 so prob 5'11
somewhat shocked hurts isn't back in after that INT
Had to step away for a bit and just came back for the first time in the second half - did Alabama bench Hurts in the NCG?
This is a big improvement from where they were last year
Warren Buffet read, non stop, all day, and has for years.
Zinc
This will hurt Walmart 
Bryant is 6'4 220 but it would be great if he came out at the half at 6'2 215 
these refs have been trash since the coin toss when they didnt even know who should call the flip
This loss hurts Auburn's chances of winning the national championship 
i dont use twitch
This is not a partisan issue or comment, this is fact.
Rehire of Trestman incoming 
I really like amazon and their products but have recently started shifting towards roku
one of my favorite moments 
Who is the individual he is speaking with? It isn't the arbiter, so is it the judge?
Use sync
That's the point of a cryptocurrency, it isn't fiat.
So how does this apply to sunsetting an operating system or potentially shutting down gaming servers for older games?
Every time I see a Mike Reiss thumbnail I think it is Subway Jared.

Guy really needs to change his look.
No, I agree, but there were high expectations on Bowden and he simply could not deliver - especially in an ACC that was weak and his for the taking. Did he have a losing record? No. Did he win the ACC? No. Did he have a losing bowl record in subpar bowls? Yes.

Either way, Bowden might have been the conduit to rebuilding a terrible program, but Dabo still had a lot of work to do.
That's not even close to being true. When did Riley get to OU, 2015?

Stoops spent years building OU into a reliable, stable, and desired destination for top talent, despite some minor bumps and retooling years along the way, OU has maintained relevancy. To say that Riley is the main reason it is functional is nonsense.
maybe you are looking at the term functional in a different way than I am - Bowden was supposed to win the ACC almost every year and couldn't do it, even with some solid talent (despite our QB situation being a dumpster fire during that time).

What Dabo and Nick received is not anywhere close to what Riley received.
Riley was gifted a functional program, Nick and dabo were not
I'm in my 30s and that is still how I walk downstairs.

In my home, in public, at work, whatever.
did someone steal his fence?
Agree on the ads, that seems to be new as it never displayed ads for merchandise, only shows in the beginning. Amazon seems to force ads on many of its products.
Kraken is a giant piece of shit. The CEO is clueless
The fire TV and next gen sticks are imo much better than the Chromecast
Often true for many employees in this companies, especially as they typically have stock rules that say you can only purchase your options ~3 months after departing the company.

Yet another reason why I believe RSUs are better than options - unless your strike is under a dollar, you take a financial risk (on top of the career risk you are already taking).
>You don't resist me, you understand me?

Hey, that's how I proposed to my wife!
I would have assumed the arrival of Frost would have led to commits staying.
Regulation will only make various forms of investing somewhat difficult but overall governments have no say in the space.  

From a pure investment play, the presence of volatility is what allows for substantial returns (or losses) and is one of the reasons that the space is potentially overheating.
one more quick follow up - it sounds like while you may be skeptical you are interested in getting a deeper understanding of the space. There are a lot of good books out there but one that recently came out I think is a good starting point for background information and tying it into investing.

It is called [cryptoassets](https://www.amazon.com/Cryptoassets-Innovative-Investors-Bitcoin-Beyond/dp/1260026671/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1512764137&sr=8-1&keywords=cryptoasset)
Those are big questions - I invest in cryptoassets with BTC being a portion of those assets, but I also invest in typicall equity markets and other vehicles as well.

I have been involved in the crypto space since 2011 and find value in the underlying technologies, not the hysteria behind the price. I also believe the traditional bitcoin as many people see it isn't a good form of currency and is instead a store of value. There are much better, faster, more efficient, and private currencies available that are better than bitcoin - bitcoin is simply the largest easiest to access.

Hard to say if Bitcoin is in a bubble and what that actually means. I don't think the current growth trajectory or price level is sustainable, but a new floor will have been created and we will repeat this process, especially as the creation of bitcoins stalls (~2025). If you look at historical btc pricing, we went through this in late 2013 when it crested $1,000/coin for the first time and then began a crash over time to around $170 to coin. At the time it seemed catastrophic and there were a lot of traditional financiers doing the whole "I told you so" dance.

For me personally, the blockchain and cryptoasset space is about the technology and building the future of the internet and commerce - it is web 3.0. Things such as ethereum are the equivalency of someone allowing you to invest in the actual pipeline of the internet before its boom in the 90s. 

There is a lot of hysteria behind bitcoin and ICOs, that will die down, projects and assets will fail, more hacks will happen, but ultimately the next googles and amazons will be built on these blockchains.

When you see the landscape of the US and net neutrality being jeopardized, it shows why a decentralized form of currency, monetization, and internet is so important, and that is why I believe in the space - not because I am trying to buy a yacht.


I am not sure, I think the general electrical costs where these major miners are found are already extremely low.

What's interesting; however, is when you review the mining landscape of BTC compared to LTC. BTC is very much a pro mining focused market whereas Charlie Lee created the mining in LTC so the hobbyist could still participate and get value from it.
Gold only has value because we as a society has said it has value. It is a rock.

Agree on the China aspect, the cooler region probably helps with HVAC costs.

https://blog.providentmetals.com/facts-and-history/how-much-does-it-cost-to-produce-an-ounce-of-gold.htm - price is debated depending on how you look at it - seems to fluctuate depending on the reporting.

https://grisha.org/blog/2017/09/28/electricity-cost-of-1-bitcoin/

These are estimates as the numbers can vary.
if we are talking miners with economies of scale baked in, mining gold isn't that expensive - it is less than $1000, more like $800 per ounce.

I believe mining one BTC given the current halving status and assuming $0.12 kWh cost works out to just over $2,000 per BTC

This is a very basic analysis, but the cost is higher for BTC and the reward is higher for BTC.

Have you ever seen a professional bitcoin mining operation? It's no joke, check out China's [Bitmain](https://qz.com/1055126/photos-china-has-one-of-worlds-largest-bitcoin-mines/)
There is a limited supply of Bitcoin and mining Bitcoin is pretty expensive as well
Not true and will depend on what the bitcoin forks and other alternative payment options are. 

Bitcoin is taking on more of a role of a store of value, essentially becoming a digital gold.
Do research on Bitcoin halving - essentially once a certain amount of blocks are mined (roughly happens every four years) the rewards that miners receive is halved - this continues theoretically until the last block is mined.
How is it a pyramid scheme?

What a nonsensical comment.
agree
Seen this first hand as well in the same cities, especially with college age students, everyone has oppo
Heard this too, they said the color maroon is fucking stupid
Joke unclear, do you mean he has a clear exit strategy and intends on executing it until he exits?
Not entirely true, thibs had the bench mob in Chicago and they were fire
What do you mean?
two SEC teams being favored, one NCG with no SEC teams
Oregon should bite the bullet and buy Chip out of his UCLA contract 
Fuck I've been over at r/cruisecruise
Hopefully tiger bro
Playoff committee just trying to save OSU and the big10 another huge embarrassment and first round exit on national tv
Honestly, Dabo
Not to mention I thought it was somewhat obvious they will probably draft a QB next year
Jimbo is going to have a rough time in the SEC
Dabo is really good at selling the underdog narrative to the players and program - we thrive as underdogs, even as the #1 playing a #4 that didn't even play in their conference championship.
http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/450/154/820.jpeg
Unreal that bama snuck in and for two years in a row it shows that winning a CCG is basically meaningless.
No they don't, they would essentially guarantee a play-in sidestepping the nonsense you saw last year with ohio state getting in, and potentially this year with alabama getting in
Use promo code **JIMBOJACKASS** for 10% off your order and free shipping on orders over $49.99.
Make Bama and OSU play a play-in game.
ya, the comments about Miami and OU being "disrespected" by clemson were amazing.

I mean, look at the r/cfb banner - this sub had Wisco #1
In trying to avoid the memes, he opened up a whole new level of memes 
FAU outchere tho
this was hilarious 
Holy fuck what is this 
Thanks - just really focused on the Belk Bowl at this point on December 29th.

That's Belk. Modern. Southern. Style.
Miami will get a tombstone in our graveyard 
ya he's neat 
Clemson
To be fair, you played a decimated Clemson D with stars like Dexter Lawrence out - so relax on assuming you played the same team Miami just did.
Kirk was making pissed off comments about it throughout the 4th quarter. It was clear ABC was once again abusing commercials.  
The U is back home watching the playoffs 
Reminder to Miami fans you will be getting a tombstone in our graveyard 
field goal unit? what the hell
Kirk just called out ABC in so many words for slowing this game down to an unnecessary crawl with excessive commercials 
what do you mean?
i'd rather watch pitch perfect 3 than Rosier play QB
i like how ND fans are in this thread just feasting on this ass waxing 
coming together to shit on Ohio State 
what a dumb fucking commercial apple 
those moments have been gold
so just Ohio State then?
Manny is like a bad SNL character 
we did that on purpose so we had more room for the cain bomb
holy fuck i think we maintained that
damn Rozier was very close to his first TD pass of the night 
home watching the playoffs 
just a reminder that in the last two meetings between Miami and Clemson, the running score is 89-0
lmao Manny
That guy whistling? Ya, he needs to fuck off.
31-0
about to enter OSU beat down level 
i imagine the mass abandonment will follow the same path that the Miami Heat saw
They won't be in the playoffs this year 
You're missing the joke
This comment is exactly why the front page of reddit is currently littered with pictures of decrepit corpses that do not understand technology.  

Are there people in the bitcoin market purely for speculation or gambling? Absolutely, but the same people also dabble in other financial vehicles as well. It could be argued that all of wall street is based on the notion of gambling.

Bitcoin is seeing a large jump and adoption for two reasons:

1) FOMO - you can't open the WSJ without reading an article on bitcoin now

2) It is the easiest entry and exit point for the cryptoasset space

Many other people that have done their research and spent tons of time understanding how the underlying technology works truly believe this is web3.0. Currently BTC is the most popular, but there is no guarantee it stays that way or lasts as the most meaningful technology in the space.

The cryptoasset / blockchain market is the equivalency of the emergence and growth of the internet in the 90s. The ability to invest in it is equal to being able to invest the internet itself (the actual pipeline) in the 90s.

It isn't far fetched to assume the next googles and amazons will be built on top of these blockchains, and with the risk of net neutrality going away, these technologies will also pave the way to a decentralized internet.

So while you may view this as magic money or tulip mania, I encourage you to actually do your due diligence beyond what you read in the WSJ or see on TV.
there is also the capital gains aspect which helps mitigate this and encourages long holds.  
If comparing the liquidity of a digital asset that is nine years old to a century old equity market and realizing they aren't on the same liquidity scale makes it "illiquid" then ok, I guess it is illiquid.

The only time BTC has reached a threshold of being non-convertible to government backed fiat in a reasonable amount of time is during a period of mass market hysteria that forces exchanges to crash. As the market continues to grow, these exchanges become more liquid and more reliable. Paired with other things like cryptoasset ATMs, the "illiquid" argument is losing ground and being phased out pretty quickly.
It is my experience that insane fanbases are usually cultivated and grown through inept front offices that have not been gutted.
Please define traditional monetary instruments, and then go ahead and look at historical "traditional monetary instruments" and tell me where most of them are today.

Please stop assuming that tech, digital, and crypto cannot, have not, or will not work hand in hand with traditional monetary systems, equity instruments, or government backed fiats before they phase out or replace most of them.

News flash, even institutions like the IMF are looking at instituting their own form of digital assets in the form of the IMF Coin in an effort to ween off of global reliance on the USD as a store of value.
Sorry you guys have to go through it - as entertaining as this all is for us, I would be furious if I was an alum of UT and had to watch grown men trip over their own feet because they are not fit in any way to do their jobs.
This is the most important thing in the thread
This makes very little sense - so no one is technically a <insert monetary amount>-aire until they are liquid.

If you have a million dollars in investments in traditional equity markets, a mutual / index fund, etc: you aren't a millionaire with this logic.

If that is what you are saying then you need to have that amount in cash as convertible assets or investments are meaningless until they are pure fiat.

*edit:* and just to be clear, if this is the logic you are going by, it makes sense, but it isn't specific to bitcoin or other cryptoassets.
Wow.

Wonder how this would work in America, specifically with student loans if the right student loan restructuring strategy was implemented in time to ride in its wake.
Wow Mike Leach would have been a great hire - this isn't even on Currie, this is on that fat piece of shit they let continue to linger around and the overall culture at Tennessee.
Pitt can beat anyone anytime, they only care about big-time top 5 games otherwise it isn't worth their time.

This is good for CFB otherwise they would have 100 championships in a row.
The fact that we are rivals and the schools are an hour apart and we don't play every year makes absolutely no sense at all.
But that would ruin our perfectly balanced record 
wow we have never played Arkansas and haven't played some SEC teams in decades
[[Evil v SEC]]
The one item everyone seems to be missing here:

[[Tennessee v Pittsburgh]]
what a shit show, if I was an FSU fan i'd want him gone.
Haven't been paying attention to this story this much - what is the reasoning behind assuming he will go to A&M?
Whose fans said this, OU fans? They must have missed the last two times we played. I could imagine that OU is sick of seeing us.
How do you personally define "upper echelon"? 
Seems pretty accurate, actually:

>Ya, thats the AD Currie, he's got $15 million left on Schiano's salary at 8%
he did that v. NC State and FSU already 
I mentioned it somewhere else, but the committee has stated they view the context of losses and what played into them. 

So in Clemson's scenario, they seem to be forgiving of the loss due to Kelly Bryant having been out and pair that consideration with what the team has done ROS.
You say you got a leak? You'll probably need some reliable footwear while you tend to fixing it while also maintaining a certain level of personal safety and combatting any potential slips and falls on a wet ground.

Look no further than the [Crocs Swiftwater River Sandal available in a delcious Espresso/Black color combo](http://www.belk.com/p/crocs-swiftwater-river-sandal-men/3900281203965.html) available at Belk for $54.99 with many sizes remaining.

Remember - free shipping on any order over $49.99!
McAddo the type of guy that gets his toothbrush re-bristled.  
Dude, Izzo tossing Ricky around like a bitch and constantly telling him to get the fuck out of here is hilarious 
I am very confused by ESPN - I think them losing Mike and Mike hurt them, but you can tell they must be cutting back on expenses because the set for the new Golic and Wingo show is a legit closet.
I think it depends on a lot of factors, specifically:

* Auburn's Margin of Victory
* If TCU beats OU
* If OSU beats Wisco
* Clemson's margin of loss to Miami

But Kirk didn't mention any of that - he simply said:

>The other little bit of a wild card here, and we didn't talk about it last night [on the rankings show], if Miami beats Clemson in a close game, and you start to look at Clemson's resume despite not being ACC champs, and they're 11-2 and you look at what they've been able to accomplish throughout the regular season - Clemson's probably gonna end up still making the playoff. So you would essentially have two ACC teams: Miami as the champ, and Clemson just based on its credentials still making it in, over a team like Ohio State or others. 
Committee seems to have set precedent on reviewing the circumstances that caused losses. They have said they have factored in an injured and then removed Kelly Bryant in that game.

Who knows - just trying to get out all the facts at this point.
I really think it is the key factor here, and with Auburn being so hot and ripping through Bama and UGA (not just winning, but controlling and destroying them), it is a huge reason that Clemson is #1 overall IMO.
I remember an under .500 Seahawks (dubbed the Trollhawks) that limped into the playoffs a while back and won the first round.

This is why expanded playoffs are important and necessary. If an undefeated non P5 UCF can run the table and win against the best, they deserve it.

If a six loss #8 Miss State team can get in and do the same, they deserve it.
He is a pretty professional, well put together with often solid analysis. He is engrained in the culture so I think his opinions are fairly well respected.

Like it or not, many times his predictions aren't too far from reality.  
Herbstreit seemed to point at "Clemson's Resume" to support his theory - so I would assume that if Clemson lost to a number 7 Miami, Miami would jump to 3, Clemson would fall to 4, Auburn would be 1 (assuming they win) and whoever at 2.

Although he kept pointing to their resume, I think that Auburn would need to win and be #1 to help support that resume claim.
>make said MD eat suit

Agree - make the MD eat his suit. 
I think if the two teams from one conference scenario plays out it will be with the SEC since they have 3 teams in the top 6 and would probably only happen if OU or Wisco lost, bama would pop in.  If both OU and Wisco lost, I think bama and OSU are in.
On some level I can appreciate that, and I am not saying that because in this scenario he is sucking Clemson off.

OSU is his alma mater and he did play ball there, but at least he isn't constantly Paul Finebauming OSU and the Big10.
No you wouldn't - you'd watch every CFB game including Bama's in the Belk Bowl on December 29th, brought to you by Belk, A North Carolina founded American Department Store.

That's Belk. Modern. Southern. Style.
Kirk Herbstreit was on Golic and Wingo this morning saying he thinks that if Miami beats Clemson, Clemson still makes the playoffs.

Salt me.

**edit:** Added the quote in a reply below, but editing the parent so everyone can see what Kirk said on Golic and Wingo:

>The other little bit of a wild card here, and we didn't talk about it last night [on the rankings show], if Miami beats Clemson in a close game, and you start to look at Clemson's resume despite not being ACC champs, and they're 11-2 and you look at what they've been able to accomplish throughout the regular season - Clemson's probably gonna end up still making the playoff. So you would essentially have two ACC teams: Miami as the champ, and Clemson just based on its credentials still making it in, over a team like Ohio State or others. 
This is a prime example as to why I always lag my upgrades for newly released OS's 
i believe we are moving into a world where OOC will need to be re-evaluated and taken very seriously as cupcakes get phased out.
I love the OOC games - the back and forth we had with Auburn the past several years was great, we have Notre Dame coming up in the next couple of years, I would absolutely enjoy a home and home against a UCF or something like that.

A lot better and more fun to watch than the cupcake games that are scheduled.
You shouldn't be surprised, like at all. You need to schedule OOC games to circumvent not being in a P5.
Why is there so much crying this season? None of this matters, there are 8 teams with huge games this saturday.

Further, the top four are all going to be fairly talented, it's not like if you are ranked 1 you get a cake walk by facing 4.

This guy gets it - all awards should be decided once the season is over IMO
in the southeast, fraternities just mean more 
We are the new Bama and we feed on salt and hate
What are some water based ones you like?

Have you tried Cavalier Clay by the youtuber Blumaan?
Tennessee should be gunning for Troy's head coach
Coach Minion is such a fantastic descriptor of Kirby
One of my biggest gripes with the US is a lack of pretzel enthusiasm.
Every time I see this it amuses me that Florida seems to have been this perpetual joke of the US almost since the beginning of the country 
I think if Dabo were to leave today it wouldn't matter who we brought in next, it wouldn't be the same - so equating Dabo to Jones is a bit of a stretch.

But remember, there were a lot of Clemson fans that wanted Tommy Bowden gone for a long time, and when they finally made the move, many people (myself included) were extremely confused as to why we went with Bowden's inexperienced WR coach as the next HC.

Sometimes you never know what you are getting and who can find success where.  
I think Schiano did pretty fantastic at Rutgers - he turned an awful program around for a solid period of time and got them to many consecutive bowls - something that program hadn't experienced in decades.

The problem here is Tennessee is no longer a hot spot for coaches, and with these circus sideshows they continue to display, you can't blame coaches for not being interested.

I mean honestly, aside from being in the SEC what does Tennessee honestly have to offer at this point? They have Alabama level expectations which is absurd.

Since Kiffin, you guys have had (excluding interims) two head coaches that basically each averaged 3.5 years in charge - that isn't even a full recruiting class (freshman to senior) between them.

From a Tennessee fans perspective, who do you guys want, and what do you think is realistic? 
[Tennessee Robotics department is working with Google on a highly intelligent AI program to be placed in a robot body for the sideline presence. This robot will crunch the numbers and formulate the top available play calls and game management scenarios. Sources say in the event that a new, human, head coach is not elected in time, the robot will be ready to go in place of one](https://www.chronicle.com//img/photos/biz/photo_7930_landscape_650x433.jpg)
Ya, this is the most egregious thing about the entire thing and will ensure they land another Butch Jones. 
https://i.imgur.com/A356jiI.gif
I wonder if it is possible to have an MD head a tattoo shop and have the artists file under his malpractice insurance similar to how PAs work under an MDs malpractice insurance. This would allow for the artists to continue doing the work while putting in safe processes to make sure that disease prevention, blood pathogens, etc are all up to snuff.

Fact of the matter is doctors aren't going to learn the skill of tattooing and tattoo artists aren't going to become basic medical practitioners so they can apply tattoos.  

This would ultimately lead to a black market for tattoos which I assume would have a high infection or disease transfer rate.  
if you're here raging on the internet, who is manning xbox live?
Beginning to see that Carolina has a solid showing of 19 year olds on this sub - viewing the world through your eyes is incredible.  
Is this a joke? You honestly expect people to believe that students do not and cannot sneak alcohol, cans, or bottles into a college football game?

Give me a break - I saw a video just this morning showing the student section throwing a can of beer at a cop.
Ya, I didn't want to jump to conclusions but I couldn't recall Auburn participating in any ridiculous behavior like Bama has.
The reports I read and the comments in the game thread were saying that bottles of fireball, beer bottles and beer cans were being thrown on the field and at many Clemson players.
The reports I read and the comments in the game thread were saying that bottles of fireball, beer bottles and beer cans were being thrown on the field and at many Clemson players.
There is a difference between having a heated rivalry and endangering other people or destroying property. The Auburn - Alabama back and forth of killing trees, shooting people is ridiculous, and so is throwing objects at other players, fans, and police officers.

Carolina fans, the school, and the team should be appalled at the way their student section carried themselves and presented themselves on a live prime time television game.

For many other fanbases, this was their first exposure to their program because they are never playing in prime time games and the overall takeaway was horrible for the program.
Ya, something is happening other than the traditional brick and mortar experience, it is probably why they have no gone full speed ahead with the roll out
How funny would it be if they did that and Saban got all happy, and then it was UCF they let in.
You'll take your new years six ass kicking from Bama and be happy for the opportunity, OK?
Is he a Heisman contender? No.

Is he a good QB that could be considered a star? Yes.

Regardless of him needing to work on his passing game to reach more consistent levels (I believe a lot of this falls on Cain rather than Bryant), he still ranks 9th in QBR for the 2017 season, has 10 rushing touchdowns which places him 81st overall for touchdowns on the season for all offensive positions, is 52nd for total pass yards with a 67% completion rate (which, if looking at the top 10 QBs, would put him 4th on completion percentage and 14th overall for all QBs).

Obviously there is room for improvement, but that is a pretty solid base.

So yes, I believe he is *our* star QB and his presence on the field dictates how good our offense will be.
Ya im not reading all that trash
Miss State should hire Sumlin 
Clowns like you keep talking about Syracuse - it's all you can talk about because you don't want us in the playoffs and you hope if you hold on to that narrative long enough it will somehow become a point of fact and somehow make us bad, or knock us out of the playoffs.

We lost against Syracuse because our star QB started injured and then left in the second, on a short week.

Say whatever you want about next man up, but OU would be a 6 loss team without Baker Mayfield.
Careful what you wish for, I would absolutely rather play Wisconsin first round than have to play Auburn again right now - and I don't believe OU would beat Auburn.
either has Ohio State
Scar fans until they all left halfway through the second quarter from the ass waxing 
BREAKING:

Muschamp blames cameraman getting in the way on tonights loss
I love how this corona commercial plays at the end of every year since like 1998
announcers haven't spoken about the game the entire 4th quarter, they are just talking about football in general
wow 100 wins in 129 games for Dabo
>ball thrown a little bit behind

thrown just slightly ahead 
lol rooster sound still going 
nothing worse than body painting stupid shit on your body with the bros for the game and then getting murdered 
look at it this way Carolina, it isn't 31-0 yet so you're doing better than Ohio State 
We are cutting South Carolina's D like the Kansas City Chiefs cut CJ Spiller 
update: South Carolina probably free and clear from all racism entirely 
ill call you in the morning with an update 
there's no way that's it dude, it's obviously a conspiracy for clemson
lmao maryland talking about quality wins
auburn above oklahoma would create new levels of salt on this sub
according to r/cfb it is a conspiracy to help improve clemson's rankings and chance of getting into the CFP
I don't think anyone would argue against that 
Really sad our field goal kicking is so shit we had to go for it
wow Washington State getting stomped
feel like a GT fan that sees four passes a season isn't in a position to comment on what is and isn't a catch
PAC fans getting in on it now too
Watching the Carolina fans turn on Bentley after sucking him off all season is amazing 
lmao renfrow throws a spin move on you just kill yourself bro
Why don't you ask muschamp about the shit being thrown on the field and the late hits as opposed to his special teams 
Refs are adding to the building animosity
The classless students will just feed the onslaught
Now sure where you are sourcing your data from - or if all data is of current years - depending on what you are looking at I think the state of Georgia could be taken off the list.
He had a three year stretch where he reliably put up over 1,300 yards a season, the following season he got injured and missed almost half the season, and then Dak has been his QB since.  
It's been clear the Cowboys' offensive strategy has been run and chip away with short passes meant for a TE or WR3, drawing the defense down field with a guy like Dez running posts and distracting the secondary.

All I know is Dez was a top 5 WR with Romo, and would still be a top 5 WR with a competent QB.
Dez has "lost a step" because he has a QB that can't throw the ball.
I always get a kick at the announcer suggesting the police needed to mace everyone on the field:

>Now you gotta get the sauce in
It kind of goes back to the old school days of the NCAA football video game.

My brothers and I played relentlessly to the point where we were so good at the game, we would pick absolutely heinous teams like Youngstown State with players that had an average overall stat ranking of 30 to see who could win because it was so entertaining. 
This is a distinct possibility that people seem to be sleeping on. You never know what Tech team you will get but one thing is for certain: they are the one team on your schedule each year that could fuck your season.
No they won't - the eagles have an impactful running back committee 
This is mostly funny because Walmart believes it can truly compete in the ecommerce space against Amazon.
That's dope - I wish Clemson would experiment with different color combos or break out the solid purple, orange and purple more often.

Even Notre Dame has experimented with a lot of different concepts throughout the years.
These ranking threads the past several weeks have been a total train wreck 

* ACC Bias
* Miami all of a sudden is the belle of the college football ball
* South Carolina ranked the week before our game in some sort of conspiracy theory to improve our standings and usurp other teams like Wisconsin
* Something about quality losses
* ACC Bias <---- 

What's most comical is the past two years Clemson was this subs team as everyone rallied behind us to dethrone bama, now we seem to be more hated than bama.

Beginning to understand what that fan base has been dealing with for so long in this sub.
This is more common than you would expect. Massive companies get hacked in various ways all the time and the hackers typically demand what would seem like a large sum of money to an individual, but is actually nothing to the corporation.

This happens for two reasons:

1) The hackers know that the company will pay that sum of money with virtually no pushback 

2) It typically costs the company less to pay the "ransom" or "demand" as opposed to dumping money into other channels to try and fight and correct the problem

I remember having a conversation recently with a friend that works for a large telecom - he was laughing as the company was recently hacked and there was a sense of anxiety internally as they awaited for the hackers demand. To their surprise the hackers asked for $20K and there was a sense of confusion and jubilation. Needless to say they paid it immediately and moved on.
Exactly - if you want to be a publicly traded company it should be expected that you have the interest of your consumers and stock holders at the forefront of your mind. You must strive to act in an ethical and moral way in every facet of business. 

Take Equifax for example.
https://twitter.com/AGSchneiderman/status/933151128706936834
expanding to an 8 team playoff eliminates virtually every issue we see right now
get out of here with that reason and logic
>ACC Bias

lmao - this is a thing now guys
You can't help but laugh when you read quadrillion in a serious context like this 
it's almost as if these rankings are totally arbitrary and meaningless at this point 
are there videos of this manufacturer at work and insight available on how ethical the manufacturer is?
The banana price is slightly high, but overall this is huge news if true
J Crew Kenton Chelsea in Snuff Suede can be had for under $140 with the current 40% off promo
Tough life for sure, paid a lot of money to stay in top shape, having to sleep at an askewed angle on a private jet - i hear ya
One of the major problems is you have a government stooge that is extremely educated being ass blasted on the internet by low level trolls. He isn't going to listen to them or give them the time of day. On the contrary - he is going to assume everyone for net neutrality is as absurd, offensive, racist, and uneducated as the individuals in the tweets. This video is a clear opportunity for him to showcase those individuals and make a narrative as that being the general voice for pro net neutrality.

The only way to usurp what he is doing is through the local channels with your representatives. Outside of that, you really need the heavy hitters that understand or are figureheads in tech such as Bezos, Gates, Musk, Zuckerberg, Dorsey, etc. to use their power and money to take this issue head on.
One is a cap toe and the other is not.

Cap toes are typically more dressy than non caps but I believe both of these boots are fairly casual
I have the suede's and they have been great so far in terms of fit and comfort (size a half size down) - I also have Kenton cap toe boots in leather. I like them and they are good everyday boots but it is clear that the leather is not as high of quality as some of the other brand boots and shoes I have from Allen Edmonds, Oakstreet Boot Makers, or Alden.

I realize those are much higher tier shoe brands and should be expected to have much higher quality leather, so I hope the comparison helps.
i know your frustration all too well
Don't have game on - was cutler benched?
Flair bro
Miami Richt is a lot cooler than UGA Chad Richt 
thats on you UVA
thanks Madden
There is, actually - I found it on sling tv before switching over to abc
salt is a way of life in this thread 
This is a super interesting game
Pitt up on VT right now
who has been being an asshole?
yep ;)
some sort of jeweled plantation owner cane 
lmaooooo
that was PI - pretty clear
As far as I'm concerned there is a school in Ohio renting out space on land that Clemson owns.
and Michigan 
This could be a jab at Tennessee, but they don't have 5 wins.
I don't see a reason for this guy to come back this year. Down to third string QB, AP has had flashes of acceptableness. Just rest and get better for next year.
Goodell, you'll be gone long before Jones is gone
Oh...k...

sorry for your loss?
Check your bank account bro, the money might be back in there.
lol
Obligatory reminder that South Carolina has more ACC Championships than Miami.
That could just be the rich plantation owners in Virginia coming out to see the sporting event and enjoy some muggy november weather 
We should make sure Miami fans know this - lets get to work PMing subscribers.  
this honesty is refreshing
I can't keep up with all the hate by team, I would need to make r/cfb my full time job =\
None of this matters right now. Clemson plays Miami, Alabama still has two potentially tough games left.

Look, most Clemson fans aren't even looking past South Carolina right now.
Have you tried fucking your own face, Brian? 
I wish he had this beef with the bulls FO
Lol where is "here"
In other news, Tennessee considering hiring Butch Jones for the recent HC vacancy they have after firing Butch Jones.  
Goatee Richt is on the same level as Hoodie Carmello Anthony 
That would be scary AF for the SEC, specifically a lackluster and wide open east 
Michigan has an opportunity to totally destroy the big10 next week
It's clear he isn't a WR1 - even with Bryant's sporadic passing, he has had so many drops and unathletic plays that if he did get drafted, it would be very late.

Even with Watson at the helm, Cain was a good WR3 to complement all the other passing attacks. He simply can't shoulder the burden of being the impact WR / playmaker.
beat bama first
eh, to be fair we have a lot of defensive injuries right now, the D auburn faced isn't the same as what we fielded tonight.

Also Cain has boulder hands and should just be running towels to players.
"We just barely squeaked by you"
This is how 30 for 30s begin 20 years after the fact
Alabama plays Auburn at Auburn, almost certain to be a night game.

Save us Auburn.
Pappana... Pappana... not gonna work here anymore anyway 
you're having a roller coaster of a day
if bama loses tonight and clemson beats Miami, I wonder if the narrative changes to two ACC teams in the playoffs 
OSU the last team qualified to laugh at a situation like this.
yep, their season isnt lost at this point, they are still playing for a purpose 
notre dame players wear a rosary when they get a turnover 
Funniest thing about Miami fans is they only show up when their team is decent - flash back a few years ago and that stadium was a ghost town every game 
you guys drop one more and you are eliminated from bowl contention 
what was this key and peele aerobics championship intro they had? 
Lol I mean he's no Fred hoiberg
The 9.15 was the first number I saw when I googled it to plug into my model to show the other user who wasn't equipped to do an analysis why this hurts drivers.

I am shocked at how many times I have had to say this, the 9.15 hurts my analysis, and the 7.50 strengthens it. It doesn't matter that I took the living wage over the minimum wage.
you've yet to say one thing that is meaningful at all, you just sound like an asshole

https://i.imgur.com/ierj1Bo.png

As I said, the 9.15 hurts my analysis, the updated wage strengthens it.


none of that is from the article and there is no mention of GMB, Unions, Leigh Day, or 68 anywhere in this article.
No clue where you get your information or numbers from or how you believe they strengthen anything you have said at all.

From the article, *twice:*

>Yaseen Aslam, left, and James Farrar challenged Uber in Britain on behalf of a group of *19 drivers*, arguing that the ride-hailing company had denied them basic protections by classifying them as self-employed


>In the case before the employment tribunal, two men, James Farrar and Yaseen Aslam, had challenged Uber *on behalf of a group of 19 drivers*, saying that the service had denied them basic protections by classifying them as self-employed. Uber countered with an argument it has used around the world: Its drivers were independent contractors.


The minimum wage represented was the first result that came on Google and actually hurt my argument, the actual one strengthens it, so disagree entirely with your statement.  


This case was part of 19 drivers represented, so it's a bit ridiculous to assume that these individuals cover thousands of UberX drivers.  
I did an analysis in this thread showing that they stand to lose money under the new model - so yes, I do have something to base it on.  
It's not a conspiracy - the normal uber driver logging in for 10 hours a week isn't a part of a union and doesn't care
I never made an argument anywhere that Uber can't adapt or that the ruling even really hurts Uber - I said ultimately this ruling will end up hurting the drivers more.  
Ya, that's exactly what UberBLACK is - higher end cars with matching rates.
Which furthers the argument that this case was driven by career drivers, not the random driver that uses this for extra case.

In any event, Uber has stated publicly driver relations is a new focus of theirs, so we will see what that results in globally.  
I had forgotten the name of it, but yes, mini cab is what I was looking for, which is like the black market of cabs in London if I remember.

Last I checked, Addison Lee was comparable to UberBLACK - is that still the case?  
That isn't specific to Uber, everyone shops around for the best price - the entire industry is based on lowest fare, promo codes and ride credits - very few customers show loyalty to a brand in this space.  
Solid, so in addition to being completely lost and naive when it comes to business, basic economics, and simplistic financial modeling, you are also the classic case internet user that would rather close his eyes and put his fingers in his ears instead of learning why he was wrong - got it.

It's comical that someone didn't agree with you and you claim to scoff and move on entirely but still managed to "notice a flaw" in my analysis. What you stated isn't true, especially for Uber because they do not own vehicles - they are an intermediary service. If London deems that Uber has to purchase and supply vehicles to drivers (thus becoming a cab company) then the cost to the driver will again climb because they will be forced to rent their vehicle per week from Uber, which becomes extremely expensive.  

Feel free to revisit these posts any time in the future to further educate yourself, it might do you some good.  
If there is a problem with the money they get then the argument should be for a re-vamp of the revenue share split and potentially revisiting fare prices, not implementing minimum wage and PTO in the gig economy where it clearly will not work.  
The main drivers that care about this and this took Uber to court are the ones that view rideshare and courier delivery as a career, as their career - the ones that dont simply use it as a gap filler for cash.

You're nuts if you believe self driving cars are not the future. That's the same mentality as people that scoffed at cars and thought they would never replace a horse.

The ethics and morality behind a computer killing someone will be debated for decades to come as it ushers in a whole new section of law entirely. Doesn't mean that it will stop the technology.  

The introduction of autonomous vehicles won't take as long as you probably believe.  
Lyft is new to the market, but would be subject to the same payment laws as Uber.

Not an expert on Addison Lee, but aren't those drivers required to pass "The Knowledge" that black cabs drivers have to pass? Also, I assume their fares would be higher than that of an UberX, so the customer base isn't a direct comparison.  
Keep in mind, London customers are the ones that also stand to lose out here. There is no service fee in London, like there is in the US - that could easily change resulting in another $2-3 / trip in addition to fare hikes.
They will have no one to be mad at but themselves. 

What these people do not realize is the timeline for a driver is finite right now. Uber and many other tech companies are investing heavily in autonomous driving. It isn't a matter of if it will happen, it is a matter of when.

Nonsensical court cases like the one in London simply strengthen Uber's focus on moving away from drivers entirely.  
I guess, but there doesn't seem to be information about the use of air conditioning and if a banana for breakfast is OK
Uber doesn't own the cars so they probably won't be on the hook for gas; however, I could see drivers potentially fighting for Uber to reimburse them for wear and tear on their vehicles on a rate per mile. In the US, the IRS has that as ~$.54 per mile.
The quick google search I did had the first result as 9.15, but 7.50 just proves my point even further.  
From this comment and some of the others you have made here it is fairly obvious that you do not have strong business acumen. Feel free to conduct further and more in-depth analysis as I will not be contributing more than this:

https://i.imgur.com/5X2qdwv.png

You can very clearly see that this is not advantageous to an Uber Driver except for potentially receiving PTO. The wheels of this model quickly fall off if a driver is making two or more trips per hour. With assumptions given that are not very favorable for a commissioned Uber driver (such as the removal of tips and surge), the minimum wage model hurts the driver in almost every way.

The driver utilization has to basically hold under 30% per hour in order for a driver to make more on Uber with minimum wage than under the legacy model. Not included in this data is the fact that the driver, when not being utilized on Uber, is probably being utilized by something like Deliveroo or a competing rideshare service.

This model is also working almost exclusively within the confines of a short distance within a busy city. What happens if someone needs to go from the city to the suburbs? That Uber driver would still make minimum wage and would not be compensated for that increased time and distance. Once that trip is completed they would then have to waste time and money heading back to the city to field more fares. Meanwhile, Uber's supply costs are fixed and just made quite a bit of money for that ride.

In addition to all of this is the fact that Uber will probably deny drivers the ability to work for competing services while they are driving for Uber - which means drivers cannot spread their time and attention across services to maximize utilization and pay. Just as you cannot go to work at a place like Subway, clock in and receive pay / hour while also working at Pizza Hut at the same time, Uber will most likely block its drivers from working for competing services while clocked in for them.

Finally, an Uber driver has their own fixed and variable costs:

* Gas
* Tune ups
* Oil Changes
* Tires
* Cleaning expenses
* Etc

All of these are factors that can change dynamically, especially gas pending on the fares they are fielding. If they have a fixed daily income of ~$85 and have a month where they have climbing costs in gas due to large trips, they will be losing a ton of money.

*edit:* someone pointed out above that the minimum wage in London is actually £7.50 not £9.15, which proves my point even further.

👏
Honestly, it isn't that hard. Here is a quick routine I have stuck to for quite some time and it has worked out well for me. You must adhere strictly to it and do it every single day:

* First, NO air conditioning in your house
* 100 push-ups
* 100 situps
* 100 squats
* 10 KM run
* A banana for breakfast is OK
>Uber will have to ensure its drivers in Britain are paid a minimum wage and entitled to time off

OK - the min wage in London is £9.15 / hour. Uber can easily put in milestones that need to be reached in order to make sure drivers are paid that wage, but on the flip side this means Uber can now take 100% of fares, 100% of tips (potentially rebranded as something else so drivers have no legal rights to them). This essentially allows Uber to operate under a fixed cost based on driver supply as opposed to a wild flux of payouts. High surges can easily cancel out these fixed costs.

On the paid time off end, I am not sure how that would work. I thought the whole appeal of Uber was to  allow workers the flexibility to work when they want and when they don't want to. Many of these drivers have several apps open at a time not only driving people but acting as couriers as well. This will ultimately result in drivers being forced to only spend time on one app, and having to work a minimum of X hours per day / week / month in order to earn PTO.

IMO this is a loss for drivers - they will end up making less.
2015-2016 Season NCG - field the onside.
technically, that is correct 

so what, i know who Johnny Unitas was
How do these kids not know who Mike Alstott is?
Not only that but having them ahead of Auburn as well
I feel like UGAs rush D is somewhat skewed given their schedule 

edit: just to add more context to this:

**Played**

*Overall Opponent Record:* 42 - 29 (0.591)

*AVG Opponent Rank:* 67

*AVG Opponent Rush Offense Rank:* 77

*AVG % Plays Are Runs:* 57.8%

**TEAM**|**OVERALL RECORD**|**RUSHING OFFENSE RANK**|**OVERALL RANK**|**% PLAYS ARE RUN**
:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:
Notre Dame|(8-1)|5|3|62%
Samford|(6-3)|130|130|No data
MS State|(7-2)|11|16|63%
Tennessee|(4-5)|102|96|55%
Vanderbilt|(4-5)|124|70|56%
Missouri|(4-5)|59|48|49%
Florida|(3-5)|68|103|63%
South Carolina|(6-3)|115|69|57%

**Reamining**

*Overall Opponent Record:* 17 - 9 (0.653)

*AVG Opponent Rank:* 119

*AVG Opponent Rush Offense Rank:* 30

*AVG % Plays Are Runs:* 68.6%


**TEAM**|**OVERALL RECORD**|**RUSHING OFFENSE RANK**|**OVERALL RANK**|**% PLAYS ARE RUN**
:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:
Auburn|(7-2)|19|14|67%
Kentucky|(6-3)|67|88|57%
Georgia Tech|(4-4)|3|50|82%
Counting the ACC Championship, Clemson will have 5 - but yes, I agree, ND typically has a tough schedule each year due to the independent status  
Ya but how many trash can memes has Clemson started? 
Remember during the Clemson v. Auburn game last year when Gus rotated three QBs in and out on a consistent basis?
I want Syracuse again 
Welcome to the club, Iowa. Ransacking OSU and destroying their hopes and dreams is like an annual tradition now.
an undefeated Wisco winning the big 10 along with an undefeated Bama SEC Champion, 1 loss Clemson ACC Champion, and most likely a ND or 1 loss OU Big 12 champion would be the shakeout 
I want you to take that anger and then look at Georgia Tech football, understand what a fall from grace they have had, realize Paul Johnson is their coach until he decides to retire, and the school truly doesn't give a fuck about the program.

At least NC State is trying and is competitive - it could be a lot worse.  
Ray Ray McCloud at DB
What does Yahoo even have left at this point
It was a hot coffee pot 
I feel like this isn't that crazy - hasn't there been some sort of precedent set over the past 10-15 years where highest payroll =/= championships?
[Thunderclap](https://www.amazon.com/D-FantiX-Thunderclap-Stickerless-Smooth-Puzzle/dp/B010737EZS/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1509414366&sr=8-3&keywords=thunderclap)
if that SEC scenario happens, keep an eye out for Paul Finebaum making a case for all three to be in the playoffs.
You watched a team lose a game without their star QB - that's not the same as beating a healthy and capable Clemson.
i think a lot of people, mostly the UGA fans I have spoken to, are forgetting that Alabama exists 
Miami about to drop two in a row
BB playing that long con
https://i.pinimg.com/736x/3c/c1/ec/3cc1ec50ad3c9956b079b2eb8c0016e8--tiger-beat-the-tiger.jpg
Ya it's not even close 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwMpm0gppxY
i like Gruden
What platforms have you been learning on, books, youtube, subreddits like learthpython?

Or did you basically say I would like to use python for the purposes of x, y, z and just focus on how to do that without going through the process of learning about lists, matrixes, etc? 
Can you go further into the analytical process and logic here? You mention learning python so I assumed there would be a data science / web scraping for information element but I am not sure I see it.

Mostly interested in that - not trying to knock any of this post.
Thanks - that is what I was wondering
Is this the same collarbone he broke against the Bears a few years ago?
Another BB / Patriots long con. Send in "reporters" to scramble other team's brains, even if you aren't playing them that week.
ya he looks totally out of place without his fro 
The part where he is in the sauna with his jacket shaking his head no to "man's not hot" - I died
Honestly saying it is better than USD right now is a bit of a stretch. 
Such a silly company 
No correlation needed, real men and real winners have facial hair. You think Mike Ditka, Phil Jackson, and Coach Q are just fucking coincidences?  
I think Microsoft is far from being the next IBM. Keep in mind mobile hardware isn't for everyone, even Amazon abandoned it.

Microsoft has done a great job with their cloud platforms, revamping the microsoft office suite to compete with google's, their entire surface line of laptops and tablets, purchasing linkedin, etc.

I would say they are making the right and relevant moves to not only stay relevant but shake up the status quo that they were living in for a long time.
Bring him to the Bulls, he'll wish he was on the fucking Suns 
We haven't won a game in two weeks.
Even if Walmart does everything perfectly and offer a truly competitive service to Amazon's, what they need to realize is there are people that simply hate their brand and will never shop there.
Welcome to the offseason, friends :) 
My guidance counselor in high school never told me about this career path 
I like this show a lot, but also find it comical that a group of like 5 kids and a drunk cop take on an entire underworld 
It's possible they announced it to give the families an opportunity to contact them so as not to be intrusive.  
Be prepared to be fairly aggravated while watching this. The people "leading this panel" are miserable corpses with no understanding of technology whatsoever and refuse to attempt to understand it if it doesn't fit their relic education of US law.

Additionally, there are many individuals represented from institutions that have virtually no connection to the space whatsoever, like AARP.

What you essentially have is individuals like Admin Ludwin of Chain attempting to present ideas and positions in rational, logical, and professional ways while a group of idiots in their 70s speak down to him.
Absolutely destroyed - the genius move here (among many) is that Dubbbz has pinned him in a way where he absolutely has to give $10k to a charity or risk looking like an even bigger piece of shit. 
This is the case for the majority of US states I believe 
RiFF RaFF is dope:

* [Hit Me Up](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fz8kUN0xOS4)
* [Bird On a Wire](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ohbKidZLiA)
* [Lava Glaciers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s3PsYAOka3w)
* [Air Canada](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1p_W_7Q3QA)

I think it's pretty cool that this guy gets ousted from his own company in Uber and just says fuck it, lets go do MTV unplugged.
It's not hubris, look into our two backups, they are solid QBs that came close to beating out Bryant for the starting role. They are capable.

The point is they are solid stand ins and then after Cuse we have a bye, so if he is out, he will have three weeks to get better before the next game after Cuse.
I don't mind Oklahoma, but loath Baker Mayfield - so this pleases me.
Roll Tige
We could definitely skate by Cuse with one of our backups, not worried

Edit: I fucked up guys
Applying just for the hookers 
i need a gif of that
At least your cities have football 
I mean, do Migos technically "rap"?
nothing like hot polygon 1st gen tomb raiders boobs 
im suprised he knew about it 20 years ago - was it in nintendo power or something?

I have gotten it on a ROM, it isnt exactly the most intuitive or easiest thing to accomplish.

It is extremely powerful though.
I mean, he went to Tenn - how much of an education could he have actually gotten?
Sometimes it is amusing as what passes as gourmet, or just the charcuterie world in general.

If someone showed a block of cheese melted in a microwave and stabbed at with a paint scraper, this would be on /r/shittyfoodporn 
Don't forget to get the Hadouken https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2S_hflJUDTc
Oh, what's that? Another ranked team we will have to play this season?

I knew they had the planes but wasn't sure if they had started using them or doing delivery in the same vein they were doing oversees.
thought it was just in India though, not the US?
Gun laws wouldn't have stopped what happened in Vegas. Fully automatic weapons require tax stamps and go through the strictest background check and vetting process.

Serious investment needs to be poured into mental health research.
What the hell is groove music?
lmao - and who is Trubisky going to pass to?


Watson has 7 total TDs v. Bama in NCGs.
This is actually a hilariously incredible turn of events 
Get out of here with this circle jerk logic.
I'd say wait for the playoffs so we could destroy your sorry asses again, but you won't be there.
Whats more odd is the texas fan campaigning not only for OU, but an OU team that beat a weak OSU team
I'll say it.

We should be 1.
https://twitter.com/deshaunwatson/status/909233104895795200
 #catfam #meow
Statement game
verified technicals ^
I think they teach that during your doctorate of musical composition so there is no way she would have known to do that.
My head just exploded 
LeBron looked like he was putting out 1% effort and was bored as hell.
last time I checked Rex Grossman led a team to the Superbowl by himself, thank you very much
except something like 50% of transactions are from Japan and 25% from the US.
Technically Bitcoin is both blockchain and currency.

As an alternative, Ethereum is its own blockchain that uses Ether as its currency.

By simply calling 'Bitcoin' a fraud, it is easy to assume he can be talking about Bitcoin the currency, or Bitcoin the blockchain.
The last time Brady had a showing like that against the Chiefs, he was "benched" and the announcers said on live TV: Welcome to the Garoppolo era.

It's funny how the greatest QB of all time isn't allowed to have a down game.
FIRE UP THOSE ~~ZEKES~~ DJs
Agree with this completely - I truly believe that if the stars didn't constantly align for the Warriors and they weren't just so damn lucky, the Bulls would have just completed their third three-pete in franchise history last year.


I think they will simply see an increased amount of their titles pirated 
Somehow this is carson palmers fault 
ESPN just played some bullshit commercial for that game about how this is more than a rivalry and just kept showing Vince young running into the end zone during the ncg.

This game wont even be a game, the attempt to hype it up is sad.
and how nc state should have beaten us and how pitt did beat us.

you cant be superman every game
i dunno man, i thought the series was pretty good.
the announcer of the clemson game legit said "why can't lamar win another one? everyone has already counted him out"

bro, he just put up like 600 yards of offense and 6 tds, who the hell is ruled him out?
feels like our game plan shifted to just running the clock out for the entire second half, Im going to tell myself we were in full control.

thanks.
Try bringing the world financial system to its knees.

We have seen this time and time again, nothing will happen - they will pay a big fine, probably get involved in a class action, and carry on.
ITT: Naive people assuming one of the big three credit companies are going to go bankrupt or out of business because of this.
I don't think it ever left 
Fire up those boners, boys!
ya i just saw this the other day and it confused the shit out of me.

Isnt that the guy that played clark griswald's dad in christmas vacation? 
feel like the score is a little low, bluechips 7000 was a pleasant surprise after most of us were worried after Mr. Wonderful.

I feel like he was punished for the lack of Brockhampton on the album.
There were some great tracks on Mr. Wonderful, but overall that album was a letdown 
Whats funny is Robinhood fuels the majority of trades for this sub.
Should have invested in BTC instead of SNAP
rest of the fucking owl
who gave ohio state the first place vote?
What are there like 2,000 NFL players compared to like 400 NBA players?
they should put butch in that trash can
show the replay
hes lucky that ball wasnt punched out
Butch is real proud of himself with the double timeout 
I always enjoy how Paul Johnson whispers the plays into the receiver's ear and then gently releases him like a carrier pigeon.

I like to assume he whispers "run the option" every time.  
Had a conversation the other day with an older Tech alumni. He said "Georgia Tech is lucky to have Paul Johnson."

That was the first time I had ever heard someone say that.  
Can someone explain what that trash can is on the Tenn sidelines? Is it to signify where they store their hopes and dreams? 
Portland would like a word
Trump is probably keeping Twitter afloat right now. Horribly run company in perpetual trouble with zero actionable business plan beyond a shoddy ad strategy.
Holy shit, Frank Beamer looks great 
if ucla pulls this off...
Look at it this way: Jimbo Fisher's hair has never looked better. 
that poor bastard
Ya, it was a joke, in line with the post. You sound like you're a blast to hang out with.  
Classic crypto virgin comment
Disagree. We needed this game specifically for our new offensive stars to get comfortable. I think it helped build confidence and morale greatly and will put them in the right mindset for auburn.
Mike Williams, Core Coleman, Adrian Peterson 
Maybe focus on fixing the dub first 
im probably way late on this comment, but what the fuck is that on francois' head?
We had our draft last weekend and if I were drafting tomorrow I would take the same approach I took then. Assume he is suspended for 6 games, or potentially some number of games because that is all we know right now.

I was fortunate to have first pick in a snake draft and picked him up in the third round with the first pick. I was somewhat lucky but it was pretty clear everyone in the room was eyeing him for a third round pick up. 

I don't think given what we know now you can waste a first or second round pick on him with other very serviceable skills players available.  
I somewhat agree - this isn't a one off issue for the NFL, this is a recurring issue. 
i appreciate the reasonable and unbiased response 
Agree completely
Understood, but there is the muddying of semantics at that point: is domestic violence just towards a spouse / partner or any member of a household? Was AP given that punishment because a child was involved, etc.

Regardless, these problems aren't going to go away and the NFL does itself zero favors by not establishing baseline suspensions and fines for each type of offense.  
Im just repeating what the talking heads were saying and pointing to as salient points as to why the suspension could be reduced 
Schefty was on Mike and Mike this morning. The main argument was that the NFL has set zero precedent in the past for 6 games being a proper suspension for this type of infraction. 

Further, they regurgitated language the NFL has used in the past saying that suspensions for Domestic Violence could be much lower than 6 games and that the NFL has hurt itself by not establishing a minimal floor for these infractions.

The final argument was that Greg Hardy's 10 game suspension was reduced to 4.

They also added that Zeke has been more than cooperative throughout the entirety of the process and that should be taken into account when determining the suspension.  
[you son of a bitch](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/XouwxqWjMJU/hqdefault.jpg)
Can't tell if this guy has popeye forearms or just strategic shading on the tats.
Was the first one near Jacksonville, FL St. Augustine, FL?
Not sure I follow.

Is the streamer the creator of the map and in order for him to upload this into the Mario Maker ecosystem for others to play, he himself has to beat the level first?

Or did someone else make this level and he is trying to complete it?
I would argue heavily that Kizer has substantial upside and is a solid starting choice.
Agree, sometimes I think I am the only one around here that thinks that mush mouth over the top new hip hop sound is straight trash.

I want Rocky going back and working with guys like Danny Brown, Bronson, Joey Badass, etc.

Hopefully the new album sounds nothing like the latest Cozy drop
Do the new Samsung phones still come packed with bloat? I have been using pure android phones for years now and am hesitant to switch back, and am not really interested in flashing roms 
This is a good album, beyond what I was expecting based on his last single he released.  
This Matt guy is going to get worked in some vids 
does that set them back to normal online pricing?
so amazon creates a separate pre-order page from the original pre-order page and doesnt allow anyones notifications to go off?

thanks amazon.
If someone told me Ross and Bronson did a song together I would assume it would be a banger. This was disappointing - hopefully the rest of the album is great.  
fee structure is bad - coin selection is limited 
Someone put this together under the direction of someone else and then a group of people got together and said "Yup, this is it - this is what we are looking for."
This is Hank from Venture Brothers dressed up as Robin
I know, I love watching these consistently dysfunctional teams with persistent player issues.

Glad i'm not in that camp.  
These makes even more sense if he is talking directly to people outside of the united states 
Makes sense, my understanding was that he was only in it due to his GM bailout of $3B - either way he made like $1B in profit off of that initial investment 
Comparing a guerrilla style cartel to an installed dictatorship is not the same at all.  
[Reminds me of this Family Guy skit. China would play the role of the dietician here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fZ98dnDwltU#t=00m16s)
This poor looking deck was clearly made by someone at Deloitte
The only people that you can be mad at are the governments and government regulatory bodies that refuse to seal these loopholes and hold corporations responsible for paying the taxes that they owe.
Who keeps throwing money to this company? Honestly, use that money to start an operationally sound competitor and crush them.
Real life Harry Potter (Peter Todd) attempting to discredit the potential of Plasma and framing Vitalik as a scam artist on Twitter.
I wouldnt mind if the hawks picked him up, might be a good gap filler / veteran leadership in Hossa's on ice absence 
What you have to keep in mind is these people aren't target tech savvy youth. They are going after late stage baby boomers and the elderly that have no idea what they are doing and are scared of technology.  
my reply was mostly in reply to several comments found in this thread 
God forbid there is some differing point of views on a tech company's board. Politics aside, Thiel is a genius and a visionary - not to mention one of the huge catalysts to not only Facebook's growth, but also a mentor to Zuckerberg as well.
bittersweet 
Isn't public broadcasting not for profit?
Based on the press conference the other day, he looked trimmer, more fit, than what he had looked like with the bears.

Not sure if it is from a fixed diet, or being out of football conditioning / weight. 
ya that was definitely the nickname when I visited Shanghai 
Yes - the giveaway is the [world financial center](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shanghai_World_Financial_Center)
*DeTron Wilson
It shouldn't take Coinbase, valued over a billion dollars, 24 hours to process any transaction.  
No shit, you've got an army of engineers making 300k+ a year hanging out at the beach working on a giant piece of shit they don't care about waiting for their stock to vest with a strike of like $.02 - of course they will dump and look to jump.
No, but what they can do is stifle innovation within the States - meaning attempting to put in place laws and regulations which hinder the attractiveness for companies in the space to operate in the US.
How can I short this?
email the ceo, andrew lee, directly:

andrew@purse.io
Sox
Agree
Ya, i'm fine, no need to worry about the Bulls when we have the Bears, right?
Send him to Chicago and let his career die
This is a long [article](https://www.bcg.com/blockchain/thinking-outside-the-blocks.html?linkId=32278919&utm_content=buffer1d4c7&utm_medium=social&utm_source=pinterest.com&utm_campaign=buffer) written by some leaders from the Boston Consulting Group. It is worth the read; however, based on your comment, I think the biggest piece to pay attention to is this [graph](http://i.imgur.com/q0SPYVQ.png) which does an excellent job of showing the layers from blockchain to app.

For clarity, Bitcoin is a blockchain, and is also the name of the currency for that blockchain, Ethereum is a blockchain and uses Ether as its currency. Given the structure of Ethereum it allows for apps and services to be built on top of its blockchain, such as the [Golem Network](https://golem.network/) which uses its own currency for its specific ecosystem known as [Golem Token](https://coinmarketcap.com/assets/golem-network-tokens/).
Like I said, I absolutely believe and admit that there are people using ICOs as a vehicle for schemes. 

That said, there are also individuals like [Brendan Eich](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brendan_Eich) who are accomplished and trusted individuals participating in the market as well. Brendan is the creator of JavaScript and a cofounder of Mozilla. He also created the [Brave Web Broswe](https://brave.com/) and through that launched an ICO for his cryptocurrency, [Basic Attention Toke (BAT)](https://vimeo.com/209336437) whose ICO gathered [$35MM in under 30 seconds](https://www.coindesk.com/35-million-30-seconds-token-sale-internet-browser-brave-sells/). I want you to read that again: $35MM in 30 seconds given to a proven and renowned technologist who has been an important figure in shaping the web as we know it for him to cut out the middle men, banks, VCs, and everyone else and have the capital needed to focus on building and launching a new project.  

Is everyone Brendan Eich? Absolutely not, but it is important that a market like this exists so that the Brendan Eich's of the world can venture down these paths to accomplish great things, even if that means suffering through scams.

Finally, on the subject of ICOs themselves: are ICOs a bubble? Maybe, but if and when it pops, it will simply clear the way for the value added projects. It is important to note that the majority of ICOs that take place are outside of the US and bar US citizens from participating. Additionally, the majority of project teams within the US that seek to issue an ICO through the proper legal channels are seeking legal counsel to help structure the deals, usually costing anywhere between $100-300K. 

To answer your question regarding subs, I would suggest following:

• /r/CryptoCurrency 

• /r/ethereum 

• /r/btc 

• /r/Bitcoin 

These are good basic starting points that can help you learn abd branch out from there. Another great resource for news is [Coindesk](https://www.coindesk.com/).

Hope this helps and I am happy to discuss further if needed.

Not even sure what this is in reference to - I asked him what he specifically had questions about as "pointers?" is in and of itself as vague as it gets.

Regardless, if you had bothered to read the remainder of the chain, you would have noticed he replied (again, sans specific questions) and then I provided additional context.

What's it like being an internet tough guy? Kind of funny seeing someone make comments like this while also being so involved in something like reddit secret santa.  
First of all, I didn't say anything about Bitcoin - nothing I said was even related to Bitcoin but rather the inherent value of the market beyond a cryptocurrency.

This market is at the beginning stages right now, so of course you are going to have schemes and scammers, why wouldn't you? The established financial market as it stands today has been around for a while and still has schemes and scammers. Wherever there is money, specifically copious amounts of money, you will have people trying to game the system or pull the wool over other people's eyes. Sometimes in life, the sheep get slaughtered, so I am not really sure why certain people losing their ass in crypto could be considered different from people losing their ass in other financial instruments. You ever been to /r/wallstreetbets?

Your basic view is more than likely developed from what you are reading in main stream outlets, which is why I encouraged you to go beyond what you are reading in the easily accessible, and often way behind and misinformed, news sources and go straight to the updated and credible sources, usually from the developers themselves.

ICOs alone have proven themselves to be a new and revolutionary capital raising instrument. It makes sense that traditional and conservative finance communities would be opposed to it because it disrupts their ecosystem and gives not only very new companies, but non-accredited investors an opportunity to participate. When major VCs are able to look at ICOs, which are in direct competition to their industry and purpose, and say to themselves wow, what an innovative way to raise capital - that's a big deal.

Regarding anonymity, the purpose of most cryptocurrencies and protocols isn't focused on that, it is usually a side effect of the decentralization of the ecosystem in general. Bitcoin isn't even a top coin for anonymity, which is again why I suggested you research the industry.

Several projects are being launched and have been launched that will help revolutionize certain areas of the web, ranging from predictive markets with projects like Augur and Gnosis, to the Golem Network which taps into idle computer time for users that need additional computing power. Even something like Steem which is essentially a social platform similar to reddit which utilizes its own token system so content creators within the ecosystem can receive monetary payment for their time and contribution to the site and the community from other users. Imagine instead of an upvote, you received money.

To reiterate, we are at the beginning stages of seeing what is to come in the space. Many of these projects will fail, and many new ones will launch. As blockchain technology continues to grow not only individually, but in tandem with the IoT industry, there are scenarios where machines are interacting, bartering, and negotiating with each other, without human interaction or intervention, to agree on payments for products and services and then conducting said payments. 
Are there specific questions that you have? You can explore subs on reddit, there are solid news sources like coindesk.com and specific people on twitter / medium you can follow to get deeper insight.

There are also entire avenues of theory such as cryptoeconomics - meaning how do you pay, incentivize, and secure miners.

The architecture layer is complicated - currency is the tip of the iceberg, there is inherent value in protocols built on top of a blockchain and blockchains themselves.  
Theres a lot more to it than that, you should research more.
Does traveling globally to Furry conventions count though? 
Too bad you have no one in your life due to all the traveling /s
👌
because terms like "boil the ocean" are so much better 
agree - IMO only three designations should be allowed: CPA, CFA, MD
Sidebar link works or a weekly thread could be implemented
Im confident Adam Back has no clue how FinCEN works, or what it actually does 
The thing that always killed me about the top scene is George only takes back $1.00 - that's it.
This is a tactic used by donald trump, outlined in the art of the deal 
I still don't actually understand Consensys or believe in anything it does.

Let me be clear, I understand *what* it does in attempting to consult to enterprises, and doing incubation type stuff. So far everything they have been involved in isn't noteworthy, the team is extremely lackluster, and there is simply a sketchy element to it.
Bitcoin will never be used for smart contracts - as a matter of fact, there is discussion in the Ethereum community about porting bitcoin over to the Ethereum blockchain and sidestepping all the nonsense currently happening within the bitcoin community itself.

Yes, Ether can be used as money, but so can apples, or anything else that two people agree has value. The opportunity and potential for Ethereum is in its blockchains ability to support dapps, thus the ICO craze.
Anyone that assumes that Ethereum will not last or isn't relevant is clueless.

Additionally, viewing Ethereum as a potential threat to Bitcoin doesn't make much sense to me. The two can co-exist and help each other grow.
Saad came back, never thought that would happen.
Holy shit how did I miss that. This clown is using tactics reserved for freshmen in college on pro athletes making millions.
Wait

What?
All of my injuries from squatting have come from deep body squats with no weight. I've never sustained an injury on heavy squats reaching beyond 500 lbs (going to about 80 degrees).

It is interesting that he said that because I always thought i was nuts for getting injured on what are essentially warmups.
Hmmm wonder if the bulls try and bounce GarPax and replace them with Phil
Suggesting Ethereum doesn't matter is simply delusional
Sling TV + hd antenna should cover you
but you can do something like sling tv, pay for a specific league app, or get an HD antenna for major games and not have to hang onto that excuse 
gone
Bring your pay slips? For what purpose? Sounds extremely sketchy.  
This is the company walmart should have bought - if bonobos wanted to sell, they should have gone to amazon, makes perfect sense with amazon wardrobe as well
Reinsdorf is an accountant by trade, he doesn't care about us or the city, he cares about his bottom line.
haha, yes - agree friend! Memes are neat.
Having just come back from China, two things regarding its continued growth on this topic stuck out to me:

1) The need and want for high quality American Made goods - the Chinese acknowledge they are the kings at manufacturing things en masse, and that the Americans are the kings at making things that can last for life.

2) China is slowly starting to push manufacturing off to African countries as they continue to rise.

Given that, it should be noted that once you leave a large city like Beijing or Shanghai and see the "real China" you can see how the country is artificially propped up by the government. Everything from real estate to its tech giants. A recession is looming there and could hit it hard.  

One quick edit: As Americans, we are often force fed this notion that the Chinese hate us, and all of this other nonsense. It is actually quite the opposite. While there is a fair level of blind kool-aid drinking and communist party following, the Chinese people actually love American citizens and very much want what we have. The Chinese word for United States is Měiguó, which means beautiful country. 
agree.

he better un-fuck his comment 
too bad blockchain is a global concept with no consideration given to governments or regulators.

Any blockchain that attempted to do this would surely die or hard fork immediately.
If you had said 4 years ago Lyft had a legitimate shot of being the ride share leader in the US, you would have been laughed at.

Let's see if Lyft falls on its face given the recent opportunity.  
You're clearly looking for any reason to be offended.

Black Hawk was a person, not a tribe - he was from The Sauk tribe. The name Blackhawks pays homage and respect to the man.

Blackhawk is not a racial epithet like redskin.

If this offends you then you should probably write the US military and tell them not to use the mans name for their helicopters either.  
I am always confused why the hawks are represented by an actual hawk and not the human that is our logo
You can probably just epoxy the Sox in place.
Whose due diligence? Hedge funds are simply pooled investment funds that can classify for exemption from the SEC under its form D for either article 504, 505, or 506 - just depends on what you are trying to do and who your target investor is.

Forming the LLC for the General Partner purposes and the LP as the fund is simple as well.

Not every hedge fund is citadel.
Exactly, all you need to know about him is his slimy intentions with ETC and shoddy TA attempting to push the value of the debunk crypto. Once he believes it has hit a max, he will fully exit and abandon it.
biggest con artist in crypto 
What is used to calculate 'brand value' and why is there such a large discrepancy between that and market cap?
I keep hearing more about virtualenv but am not totally clear on what it is. Can you explain?
He deleted his reddit account, ha.

My favorite part is when he essentially said ETH has no future.
http://0.media.dorkly.cvcdn.com/8/a/76cd6838b3c7ce2b3f49d4ea8ad3c10b.jpg
Agree with the above comment, basic FP&A role - don't over think it.  If it is interesting to you, you should apply to a bunch of them.

In the meantime, beef up your confidence by becoming proficient in excel, as a FP&A analyst, you will live in excel.  You can take that a step further by becoming proficient in a query language like SQL as that will allow you to detach reliance on other parties, pull raw data and import it into excel for parsing, configuration, and analysis.

Add a cherry on top by learning tableau (tableau public is free) for sexy data visualization.

As a financial analyst, that is a solid trifecta that will make your skill-set sought after.  

Nothing is more meaningless than undergrad GPA, especially if you have a tangible skill-set.

One final note, potentially stay away from accounting heavy financial analysis - that will require a deeper technical understanding of financials and it sounds like you don't have that right now.  Focus on landing the corporate finance gig, analyzing department spend, forecasting future business, assisting with budget formation, etc.
Thibs to CHI confirmed 
This is a strong comment - agree on the quality of the crash course book and AtBS not being so strong - somewhat boring in many ways.
MBBP confirmed 
With amazing shows and personalities such as those showcased on The 6, who needs him!
Hit or miss in Beijing and Shanghai.

There were days I had full LTE, and then days I had only Edge.

That said, messaging was still great regardless of the data connection.  Apps like WhatsApp for messaging, and surprisingly, audio calls (even on Edge) were fine.
Back in march I ran a valuation on the company.  It was sitting at $147.71 at the time and I concluded that the company was undervalued and should be at $160.32 a share.

Almost exactly two months later the price has climbed around $7.00 a share.  I would still consider this a buy target as its march towards my forecast seems likely.
This franchise, I swear to god.
Exquisite.

Is there a special sku or something for this specific watch?  The ones I have seen before have never had the meteorite shard type of backdrop on the face.
We're talking about financial engineering here - sorry, but the grads from harvard or wharton can't compete in that space.

Actually, it would be the guy from a Georgia Tech, Stanford, or MIT that would compete in that space.

More specifically, if some guy is killing it with his own algs and no degree, Prestige Shop #1 won't care about his lack of credentials, because at that point they are meaningless.

With that said, it is very difficult to find amazing engineers with absolutely no college degree.  The ones that do exist (like Jack Dorsey, Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg) are absolute edge case unicorns, it's not even worth discussing.
Anyone looking at this, Coursera, Udacity, Udemy, Khan Academy, or anything else for accreditation validation is simply doing themselves a disservice.  This a MOOC, similar to what a General Assembly offers.

The whole idea is to give you in-depth knowledge and training in a specific subject.

No one should be looking at *World Quant University* as a traditional masters degree.
Is any degree actually worth anything?  I'd argue no other than checking a box to please a hiring manager.

The majority of driven people will contend the most worthwhile portion of their education comes from the time they spend learning material on their own.

Specific to algotrading and computer science, these individuals will note that the depth of their skills and education has come from conversation with their peers, self education, and applicable trial and error.
They put half of this article in the physical paper and then said go online to read the rest.
Serious question re Coinbase:

Is there no conflict of interest in having the creator of Litecoin on staff as the Director of Engineering?
Logic needs to cut the shit and go back to doing songs with artists like Childish Gambino, and one of my all time favorite: 20/20 with Lungz.

Get some features, stop with the cheese chorus.
will consensus have a livestream?
Yep - you can start researching the projects being built around blockchain technologies such as Ethereum.

[Golem Network](https://golem.network/) for example is a project that is being built on top of Ethereum.  Simplistically, it is an Airbnb for your computer's unused computing power.

Plenty of other projects are popping up, but it is critical to understand that we are truly at the very beginning of this technological advancement and what will be the future of the internet.

The crypto space is growing quickly due to the movement taking place in this space.  Just seven days ago the whole crypto market cap was $51 billion, today it is $63 billion.  This is in large part due to the ICOs and projects that are popping up, and the increased faith and adoption being placed on the primary decentralized currency, Bitcoin.

Checkout these subs for more info:

* /r/ethereum 
* /r/CryptoCurrency 
* /r/btc 
* /r/Bitcoin 

These four subs will get you to where you are trying to go within the confines of reddit and allow you to branch out from there.

Also checkout:

* [CoinDesk](https://www.coindesk.com)
* [Coin Market Cap](https://coinmarketcap.com/)
* [Vitalik's Twitter - Creator of Ethereum](https://twitter.com/VitalikButerin?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor)

Lots of upset people here, and understandably so.  Decentralized internet is already in the works and is in the beginning stages.

What happened today will simply be the catalyst for it.
Seinfeld 
>Users wanting to participate in this offering “must agree with the consumption loan agreement, which is an unsecured contract,” advises the exchange, adding that “users have a risk of not being able to receive deposited cryptocurrencies back in a case Coincheck is bankrupt.”
Oh, I understand their perceived purpose, but they are meaningless scams.  My general point was use the money to acquire a tangible skill, not meaningless letters.

Also, it is important to note that certain certs like CPA, CFA, etc do not fall into this bucket.
you look into general assembly or even a [nano degree from udacity](https://www.udacity.com/nanodegree)?

At the end of the day, certs like PMPs and all that trash are corporate scams that don't do much for increasing your knowledge.  Think about what you could do to actually walk away with a tangible skill in something like coding, data science, etc.
It is not dormant.  
Just for clarity sake in case I read your post incorrectly:

You kept 2400 ETH ($216,000 - $240,000) on an exchange?  
Wouldn't be surprised if it was IBM since they own The Weather Channel and IBM believes in blockchain and has a dedicated blockchain team.
It's not a commentary on skill, it's a commentary on a QB getting hammered 
I dunno.  Andrew Luck is still standing.  
Yes it's a really good one as far as apps go, especially considering that Duolingo doesn't have an English / Mandarin option.  
Probably used HelloChinese
The most underrated guy in this video is the guy seen at 1:43-1:58, far left with the hat, green shirt, and sandals with jeans - watch / listen as he keeps the harmony levels going throughout the whole song.
"sorry"

"sorry"

"sorry"

"sorry"

"sorry"

"sorry"

"sorry"

"sorry"

"sorry"

"i greet you"
No one says Samsung has to release the same stuff in every single market.  GM has a large Joint Venture presence in China where they have vehicles specifically for China *while also importing brands like Cadillac for sale* 
I might be out of the loop here, but does anyone have any background as to why he would retire when he did, leave a team like the Seahawks, and now be interested in the Raiders?  Is it simply because he is from Oakland and they are setup to go on a superbowl run this season?
Twitter might be one of the worst run companies on the planet 
>May-rio
ya, you could tell the guy spotting him was prepared for him to go flying through a wall - which he has probably seen happen to many people.
Hmmm, didn't see anything about affordable luxury.  
The people that do this shit to animals should be exterminated.  
>So what stupid burger are you making, Bob?
>
>OK, well, it's not stupid, it's smart
>I'm an attorney
>
>And an Uber driver?

Not all attorney's graduate from Harvard Law and end up working in similar roles like that guy has clearly seen too much of on shows like Suits.

Some graduate from much lower institutions like John Marshal law and have to eek out a modest living.

Plus, you know, the crippling student loan debt.  Isn't that surprising that highly educated individuals are trying to secure additional income streams just to stay afloat.  
Shepherd is serviceable though - he had a great rookie year 
Feel like a running back should have been their focus.
Understand what you're saying, but markets and indexes don't really track failure and dead corporations.

It could be argued that those dead corporations were necessary casualties to right the overall ship.  
No - but they are recovering and doing so at a higher growth rate than the S&P.

Don't forget how far many institutions fell - at one point BAC's share price was around or under $7.  Today it is just above $25 - that is almost half its highest value recouped since before the financial crisis.


Weren't the bulk of those fines a result *of* the financial crisis? 

In any event, I think it is more the nature of the business than anything.  You are dealing with so much money and the high level "prestige" it becomes a bit of an addiction and a points game for some of these individuals, which ultimately leads to questionable ethics and morality.  

Regardless though, 321 billion in fines is an astronomical number.  

*edit:* Also, I am not sure what the article meant by:

>Almost ten years since the financial crisis, the banking industry has not completely recovered

Banks have been doing just fine, especially recently - [tracking higher than the S&P](http://i.imgur.com/JJqCFNK.png)
Im pretty sure that's her husband's net worth.  
This was on last night - such a great episode 
I like to think that nurse just rolls around the city doing shit like this all the time and the camera man is is hype man recording it on the side getting the crowd turnt.  
You know - I see stuff like this and I think to myself, wow, that's unfortunate.

But you really have to start somewhere and learn the lessons in order to get better and become an expert.

With that being said, I really need to start discovering ways to take the money from rubes like this - thus teaching the lessons they need to be taught.
i'll just leave this here

>en·nui
>
>änˈwē/Submit
>
>noun
>
>a feeling of listlessness and dissatisfaction arising from a lack of occupation or excitement.
There are around 3 Android users for every iOS user - the market is much larger and more attractive, especially when looking at global opportunity.

iOS seemingly attracts higher spending users because there is only one manufacturer making those phones.  Android on the other hand covers all user incomes, globally, through various hardware manufacturers.  It is very easy to say that the average income of an iOS user is above $100k when the majority of Indian and Chinese smartphone users are using Android and dragging that average down with their low comparable incomes.

[This](https://cdn3.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/6581377/meeker-2016-ios-android.jpg) is a very telling graph for global phone OS market share and the complete dominance the Android OS has in the smartphone market.

I have no clue what you are talking about and didn't say anything in the quoted text you used in your reply.  
Silicon Valley based companies in general seem to be anti-android.  They tend to come around when they realize how large that demographic is, and usually, their biggest tech influencers can come from that camp as well.
Lists like this are total nonsense.  Zero to One, for example, was published after musk had established himself and is more of a favor for his friend Peter Thiel than him actually admitting he is where he is today because of it.

Also, we are talking about a guy that started SpaceX after reading a book about rockets.  The guy is a genius with the drive to apply his intelligence to create change in the world.

I can assure you that Lord of The Flies did not help him reach success.  
MBBA?
Fascinating.

Neither do I.
Haven't read the book, but read the summary and does seem to be a bit of a quick and dirty on it
Corporate World =/= Silicon Valley 
👏 👏 👏 👏 👏 👏 👏 👏
Like I said - these particular emails contain human resource information specific to that individual - I have no insight into the specific law for an instance like that, but I can tell you there isn't a jury that would entertain enforcing legal action against someone that just went through what Susan Fowler went through.


I think you're reading way too much into the technicals here and really losing sight of the crux of the issue.
I think depending on the industry you work in is the key here, and the legal ramifications that can follow that will depend solely on that industry.

For this specific case, if Susan Fowler was emailing her personal email account the conversations she had with HR and the screen caps from Slack and the clear sexual harassment that followed it - there isn't a jury on the planet that would even consider entertaining her breaking any laws by sending her the information that supports her case and claim.

Especially coming from a company like Uber whose culture is text book toxic.
BCCing your private email or forwarding those emails to your personal email on HR related issues pertaining to you, your well being, and your career is not illegal.  What do you do if you are issued a stock grant through your company email - you assume it would be illegal to then forward that information to your own personal account for your own records?

This isn't the same thing as going on Google Drive, and copying an entire strategy deck to your own personal Google Drive.
He means BCC your personal email account for your records.  In the case of termination, you will no longer have access to your company email.  The employer either terminates it completely, or keeps it open to forward external communications to different parties.

Cover Your Ass (CYA) 101.
Sorry - no, I misread.

That is not market rate.  If you have 7 years of applicable working experience and a degree, you should be making more than 83k in NYC.

Of course, this all depends on company / title / your ability to command payment for what you are worth.
got it - MBA typically carries about two-four years of translatable "working experience" so you might be good for this specific position 
This reply helped answer a lot of questions - namely that you definitely fall within the pay and education level that most of the uneducated or undereducated immigrants take jobs from.
This entire nonsensical reply shows that you equate immigrant only with uneducated to undereducated, non-english speaking individuals.  
The short answer is yes, you are way underpaid, but I need more information on your education background, total years of working experience, and actual role (title).

Post MBA with 5 years experience in NYC at 83k, you are getting taken advantage of.

For comparison, I know someone working in a manager role at a F50 with 4 years of working experience, no MBA, and  BBA from a state school making more than you in a top ten US city, but no where near as costly to live in as a NYC / SF / LA / DC / CHI
No comment of similar situations taking place on the left and with networks that pander to their demographic.  Sure, Trump is a clown, but this show, and the echo chamber conversations it creates on this site are exactly why Trump is president and everyone was shocked when it happened.  
Thanks for volunteering and appreciate the changes / improvements / initiative taken thus far.
I don't like this one bit as it is taking the heat and attention off of the shit show that is the Bulls organization - most specifically, the front office.  
lol
Putting this on Adult Swim was such a solid move.  I hope the demographic that grew up with this show rocks the ratings so they realize we need more of this.
I think the best path forward might be to say this video sponsored by X, or put together a typical video and then at the end or in the middle go into what the product is.

I get that this is a business or could be a business for you, so I won't fault you for doing what you need to do to get that to grow.  It could be a fine line though because if people think that your content might be a straight up advertisement, they might lose faith in your content.
I don't really see what the problem is - the guy's main focus is providing content aimed at creating more meaningful slides, and helping those starting out get better at making compelling graphics.  It can be argued that the videos that he puts together take more time and are more contributive than the majority of other stuff that gets posted here.

The sub gets *maybe* ten to fifteen new posts a day, one of which might be meaningful or useful.  Someone posted a thread today asking others how they sign off on their emails, I mean c'mon.

With that established, this video was basically an advertisement and really pushed the boundaries on what should and shouldn't be allowed.  
Agree - I believe this was finally showcased on the Curry v1 shoes that left a lot to be desired.


UnderAmor has been trying to live off of their cold gear / heat gear that they really made famous in the early 2000s.  Honestly, since then, what have they done?

Even competitors like Adidas are coming up with better stuff.

When I look at that space, Nike truly is the leader, not just for innovation, but also fashion as well as they seem to be leading the charge on items that can be worn as outfits in the Street Wear category.

As a consumer, when I need athletic gear or shoes, the first place I look is Nike.  Not saying I am a Nike fanboy, I simply believe the common perception is their products are far superior.
You should watch House of Lies - all seasons are streaming on Amazon Video as part of your Prime membership.
The guy at fault here is the pilot of the Jet, not the crew of the refueling plane, right?
He's such a staple of Blackhawks hockey that when they win a cup, he gets a ring.
You can buy whiteboard paper, there are even paper notebooks that come with it  
No - in my opinion she went about the experience completely the wrong way and now doesn't have a network to tap into.

But hey, she probably knows a lot about straight-line depreciation and return on equity, so that's fantastic.  
I mean, who actually believed from the get-go that this team was a good idea?  It wasn't, and definitely could not survive under the leadership and coaching.

The entire reason for having these guys here was to show other FAs that Chicago is a friendly destination, since it has historically been a terrible place for super-star FAs.

All they have done this week is reiterate that no star should come to Chicago until GarPax are gone, and they get a stronger coach that knows what they are doing.
No, it's not.
the MBA really has two main advantages:

1)  It is a required checkbox in many industries in order to continue climbing up the ladder in terms of promotions and pay.  Additionally, if there is a situation that comes down to two equal candidates and one has the paper and the other does not, the paper is going to win.

I know people that reached certain levels in their career, had 20+ years experience and were told they needed the MBA to go to the next level.

2) The network.  You aren't learning groundbreaking stuff and b-school.  There is nothing there you can't study on your own through books or the internet.  The main value in the MBA is the network, face to face interaction, the late night beers, the shots in between class, all of that stuff with people that will be core pieces to your network for the remainder of your career.  You will not get that from the online format, not even from something like MBA@UNC.
What idiot keeps fronting you money and how do you not have broken legs yet?
I haven't had an opportunity to keep up with the Bulls the past couple of weeks.

Can anyone give me a tl;dr of the situation?  Looks like more of a meltdown by players.
That's one way of looking at it - the other is a clear jab at big pharma executives that get paid massive salaries and have golden parachutes.  

Shkreli could very easily be calling them out for that while also saying he reinvested all money back into his company for R&D purposes.  
It's interesting because the last person I knew that made that list (an entrepreneur that had his company acquired for about $100MM) was the most quiet individual on the planet.  If you knew him you would be shocked he built, led, and sold a company like that.  He also definitely adhered to the work smarter not harder school of thought.  That said, he was brilliant.

He is now in VC, an investor, advisor, board member.
In early for the inevitable karma bomb 
As ive gotten into my 30s that's the conclusion that I have reached - I am still astonished at some of the individuals that seem to attain these levels though, even reading the 30 under 30 list each year.

It seems to me the only way to truly attain it that quickly is to actually make it your life.  I wonder how many of these people are married, or even married with kids.
Thanks for the book suggestion - I'd imagine these guys wouldn't approve of buying a book over $40.00 though.

I wonder if that is step 1.
I am glad someone else finds that dynamic to be fascinating.  While I like to think of myself as a intelligent and accomplished individual at 31, getting into a position that those partners are in seems almost impossible to me.

Short of knowing the important people directly, I am not sure what else I could have done in my career to date to achieve what they have.
much obliged!
Can you even buy stocks over $100 with Robinhood?  
This is nothing more than typical "Trumpisms" being blown out of proportion by the die hard left - give me a break.  

First of all, Talking Points Memo is nothing more than partisan trash - if this is what passes for a news source to you, then you should re-evaluate how much you actually know.

>Talking Points Memo (or TPM) is a liberal web-based political journalism website created and run by Josh Marshall, a journalist, and liberal blogger 

Second of all, this article is written by a former Huffington Post intern, with very little experience, most of which seems to be focused on writing pieces aimed at stirring up the left and anti-trump crowds.

This idiot may be out there, but he isn't about to North Korea our military.  

Not even the original article from the Washington Post of all places pays attention to the lies in his military parade statements.  As a matter of fact, after they get done quoting him, they immediately launch into:

>But Trump acknowledged that slogans and showmanship will not be the ultimate tests of whether the country is “great again.”

>The president-elect has an ambitious to-do list for the next four years: building stronger borders, keeping the country safe against terrorism, producing more jobs, repealing the Affordable Care Act, replacing it with something better, promoting excellence in engineering and science, investing in modern infrastructure.

>...

Stop posting clickbait nonsense from terrible sources and inexperienced "journalists".  If you believe that he is going to parade our military around simply because he said it, then with that logic we must also concede that:

* We will win so much we will be sick of it
* He has the best words
* He could be very happy living in a studio apartment 
* He doesn't consider himself ambitious 
* He loves Oprah and she is his first choice for Vice President
I'm no geographer, but I believe Tesla is a US company.
Dabo has god status in Clemson - he can go out like Bowden did in FSU.  He owns that city now.  If he were to leave for Bama, sure, he would still be an icon, but it would lose some of its luster.  
Agree - and I believe this really came to fruition during the WVU Orange Bowl fiasco, which everyone laughed at us for.  I would say that was a huge turning point for the program as everyone continued to write us off as a joke, but we fired our DC and got Venables.
Placing apple as number one ahead of companies like Google, Tesla, and Amazon, with regards to most recent years, is misguided.  

Interestingly, BCG has them as the consistent number 1 since 2005.

Also interesting that SpaceX isn't even in the top 30.  Apple's latest innovation is a complete leap to USB-C, and a macbook pro that even consumer reports can't get behind - SpaceX is perfecting landing a moving rocket on a target.

Based on the notes section, I can see *why* the rankings are the way they are, but I believe "innovative" is the wrong description of this list.
I say this shit all the time
It's best to view recipes as open source - people are free to take them and put their own spin on it as they see fit.

[Here](http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/ree-drummond/pico-de-gallo-recipe.html) is an example of a recipe - in this case you are free to add or subtract from it to fit your personal preferences.  

Hope that helps.
Troy: A

Quality win confirmed. 
I will be honest - a lot of us were super bitter about Bowden.  He was recruiting up, putting together teams that could compete, and falling flat on his face as a coach.  When they finally fired him, it was an absolute relief - then they hired his WR coach and it made no sense at all.

I'll be the first to admit I had my foot in my mouth over this guy.  Just goes to show you what hard work and dedication can accomplish.  
Really depends on what you are interested in and what city you are in.  Cities like SF, NYC, and Boston ad filled with a ton of startup opportunities.

Here are some solid sources for browsing what's happening in the market and searching opportunities as well:

* www.angel.co
* www.themuse.com
* www.ventureloop.com
* www.venturebeat.com 

I assume you are ~25 and live in a city like NYC.  If b-school isn't in your direct path, you should consider looking into various positions within a startup (product management, sales operations, company operations, etc).  Startups look favorably on the technical skills that iBankers come with.  Your problem is you have no actual business experience outside of very specific high finance.

Doing a couple years in that world would allow you to transition to something like VC, corporate venturing, etc.

If you are focused on the more traditional path, there is Corporate Strategy and Development, which would have strong parallels to what you were doing now.

You could also go to b-school and shoot for MBB post-MBA.

Finally, if you have extensive deal experience, especially on the negotiation end, consider pursuing BizDev.
*Wins sixth NCG*

**Saban**
>We've got a lot of work to do
That's the majority of the SEC fans honestly - you ever want a nightmare scenario, go to a game in Baton Rouge, or worse yet, a Sugar Bowl where LSU is playing in it.
Teams feeling snubbed aren't learning the same lessons that Boise State failed to learn back when they were "competing" which is beef up your out of conference schedule.  
Bill will turn him into Wes Welker 
For someone that is potentially looking at an executive level position in industry, a CFA is fairly irrelevant and the MBA is usually a pre-requisite. 
Just like everything in life, getting into this world starts with networking.  What country you are from doesn't mean anything.

Having a CPA is a great first step into a standardized and widely accepted professional certificate.  If you are interested in IB, my suggestion would be to get the MBA to rebrand yourself and then enter as an associate.  This is most likely the quickest and surefire way to get where you want to go and unlock all of the other paths you are interested in.

A CFA will take much longer and can pigeonhole you into investment focused careers.  IMO, having both is unnecessary - I have a lot of people in my network that have one or the other.  Those that have CFAs are very interested in a career in various types of investments.  
Great article - really, Alabama's defense was just a bump in the road compared to the challenges this guy has had to face in his life.
We want the Pats
Boulware sure as shit tried last night 
Finally?  You guys discovered that a couple years ago
How can we win if we don't win?
I don't just want to win

I want to win by 200
Should have clarified, I was looking at MBA bottom line compensation 
Only reason I say that is because after the OSU game I saw an aggregate mock draft on ESPN or something that had it Watson --> Kizer --> Trubisky
I don't get the hype with this guy, and some analysts have him going *before* Watson and Kizer
>Hey officer, here is a murder weapon we found

*back to hip and upbeat pop music*
Interesting that Bain gets beat on comp by so many companies
You should email the client directly and ask them what their policy is.
I have a classic - it's great, but I am not going to mess with it.

I suggest everyone buy an 8bitdo controller to play complete emulators on your phone / pi / computer 
Still think we should be focusing this hate on Ted Phillips - a tax auditor has no business in his position.  
Sorry - I replied from my inbox and couldn't see any flair
We have 51 points - we aren't in a terrible position - we are in a fine position.  The Hawks do this literally every year.  
Being hot in Dec / Jan means nothing.
Don't underestimate our never ending love for bubble screens and poor Watson run calls 
Fun fact: 2 of his 3 losses are against Clemson
Bears, Browns, and Jags have been battling it out for dumbest front office for a while now...

... but suddenly, a new and worthy challenger has appeared 
Not sure I understand your question, or what you find funny.

Our WR1 is Mike Williams, and that was the same case last year - he was injured week 1 last year and missed the season.  He would have been a major factor against Bama.

I would put Scott and Cain nearish to each other, but Cain is better on the deep ball - Scott is the short ball.  Cain was suspended during the playoffs last year by Dabo for drug use - he missed both the Oklahoma and Bama games.

So yes, we didn't have our WR1 or WR2, Bama played Scott and Hunter Renfrow (the great white hope) who dropped two TDs on them.

This year, at any given time, the athletic positions that Bama has to worry about are:

* Watson
* Gallman
* Williams
* Cain
* Scott
* Legget
* Renfrow

And that doesn't even account for plays we would utilize McCloud in.  With the exception of Renfrow, all of those guys will probably go in the first two rounds of the NFL draft.
I understand the premise of the video, but that room looks like a jail cell.  It is quite possibly the worst, saddest, most uninspiring workspace I have ever seen.  


Same thing that went wrong all year - the team was in cruise control.  We played to the level of whoever our opponent was and did just enough to get by.  The entire team was hungover due to the loss in the NCG, the loss in the Heisman, losing top defensive talent to the NFL, etc.  They knew they had what it took to be a champion but had to start all over again in order to do it.

We got lucky that the Pitt loss came with so many other top four losses in order to keep us in the conversation, but it is the catalyst we needed all year to wake us up.  Since that game we have been an absolute buzzsaw and realized our full potential as everyone on that team, especially the seniors, realize the chance they have right at their finger tips, and how fortunate they are to have another shot.  They don't want to waste it because they know they are more than capable.  

So what happened in the Pitt game was several weeks overdue, it just happened to be that game.  If we played Pitt right now we'd beat them 230-7.  You don't come into Clemson during a night game and beat us, especially against the teams we have had the past couple of years.  
The most interesting thing to me about this matchup is I would argue our team (especially our offense) is better than what Bama saw last year.  You guys didn't play our WR1 or WR2.

It will come down to Clemson's defense - if they do what they did last  night, it could be really ugly - Bama run game is going to be in for a hell of a night.
Good - we thrive as "underdogs"  
I wish we kept thibs - my point is they knew they were going to do it around the time Kerr was in play.

Now we have Hoiberg.  
Wait a second pal, that wasn't my point at all.  My point was they knew they wanted to get rid of thibs before Kerr was with the warriors and they didn't do shit to pursue him, mostly because of their ineptitude but also partially because of their bizarre hard-on for hoiberg.  
Not the point - those two schools have massive fan bases, which means more money for the NCG - they tried to pull the same shit last year when Clemson had to play Oklahoma 
The whole thing is a joke too - they get massive funds from some european royalty or some nonsense like that.


one of my good buddies went there - we spent a few hours digging through the numbers and rankings one night over beers until we finally came to the agreement that all they have is international business.

It was like a couple divorcing in the 90s and dividing up their beanie baby collection 
Shit academics and shit sports: South Carolina Gamecocks 
215
     #WeWantPitt
Ya - to be fair though I am 99% sure Tomsula was just a 1 year fill in and was the stadiums cheese steak / hot dog supplier 
lmao, yup - you should head over to r/nfl - it's a fucking scene man 
Now that Chip Kelly has been fired, I wonder if he is up for the OSU job
Clemson University currently pondering what they are going to do with all this new land they now own in Ohio 
https://media.giphy.com/media/l0MYGhuizds8mTarC/giphy.gif
So did I - when you get rid of a coach you should be trying to trade up.  When he ditched thibs the best available coach was thibs.

I find it ridiculous that Kerr is coaching the warriors right now and our heinous FO hasn't found a way to get him.
If you haven't, you should read [Barbarians at the Gate](https://www.amazon.com/Barbarians-Gate-Fall-RJR-Nabisco-ebook/dp/B000FC10QG)
>Will you watch the next game?

**Saban**

>Ya, I guess, maybe - I don't know
No, Hoiberg should be to - he has no business being head coach in the NBA
Serious question as I haven't watched a lot of Washington football this year, but is Browning typically a bad QB?


Panasonic is a really innovative company.  May surprise a lot of people because they are typically known for CRTVs and not much else.

Chances are you have an unbranded audio system in your vehicle - that means it is a Panasonic.  They have a massive automative division, specific to the in car entertainment systems.  They have also been diving headfirst into the IoT automobile industry, self driving cars, and sustainable automobiles - this investment makes sense.  
that's why startups and tech centered companies offer it - they use it as an excuse to position it as progressive culture, but really, most people never use it because it is frowned upon.  Then, when the time comes, you don't have a PTO bank to cash and you don't get a dime.
describing yourself as either liberal or conservative is misinformed in my opinion - each topic should be taken one at a time and opinions should be formed regardless of large party thinking 
A lot of misinformation in this thread.

Companies like Uber lose this amount of money for various reasons; however, the main driver is fueled by "growth" - they are pressured by investors to grow and spread so fast, it requires constant cash burn and additional, large, investment rounds.  A major portion of their pitch to investors is their "potential" and large global footprint.  It is believed that eventually their expansive reach will turn into serious profits.

Look at the industry in general and how many startups go out of business every year due to cash burn.  Homejoy is a great example of mismanaged spending, young and inexperienced leadership, and the crippling need to grow because that is what investors want.

Pair that with the bullshit metric, and variants of it, of GMV (Gross Merchandise Volume) and you have a true recipe for disaster.  GMV and similar metrics essentially measure the volume of money passing through the system - money that is not revenue.  These companies use this metric to prop up their artificial success of their business.  In Uber's case, they have massive GMV, but paired with the small percentages they take on the rake, promo codes, discounts, and all their competitive initiatives to crush competition like Hailo, Sidecar, Lyft, etc, and you end up with the situation they are currently in.

One of the main reasons they have slow rolled their IPO is because they know Wall Street is going to kick them in the balls, correct their valuation, and bring them back down to Earth.  We saw it last year with Square's IPO.
This is sure to confuse the tech savvy liberals
It is a slap in the face though.  Have you ever been on a team, in any capacity?  He is abandoning his team in a (albeit meaningless) bowl game).
Confused by your flair - you still have something else to look forward to, I think.
This seems like a really weird decision, but one I think we will begin to see more and more of.

Ultimately, his career with Stanford is over and he will be moving onto the NFL.  He isn't actually competing for anything meaningful at the collegiate level, so avoiding potential injury makes sense.

But what a slap in the face to Stanford, the fans, the staff, and most importantly, his team.  
The issue that seems to be fairly persistent throughout the years is that whoever is seeking out personal finance advice, they automatically assume that r/finance is the place for it.

They come to the sub, ignore all of the information we have on the side, and continue to post to serve their own means.  

This is where the community comes in.  We have made it fairly clear what the purpose of this sub is and for the most part the community has done a solid job of downvoting irrelevant content *or* reporting it / messaging the mods for review and removal.  I do not want to put in specific catchalls for automatic removal by the automod because sometimes specific terms that might apply directly to PF, are also relevant in this sub as well.

If you feel that you are well versed in managing something like the automoderator and expanding its capabilities, feel free to message the mods or myself directly and we can discuss making you a mod.
That doesn't feed into the circle jerk narrative that is this website though 
Pretty awesome 
8bitdo is such a rad company 
Such a bizarre story - been doing it since 2014 too

why?
Glad I just made a recent purchase pre-acquisition 
This is pretty par for the course and the general higher education market in the US - what an absolute extortion ring.

No reason whatsoever this should cost those prices.  
Please keep me in mind
Custom fitted?  These are basically fitted bed sheets draped over an individual followed by different colored pieces of rope and a magellan hat - I can slap this together in ten minutes at bed bath and beyond and not exceed 20 dollars.  
What is the explanation for this?  What is a PhD student wearing that costs $800?  
Of course that's what I mean and you know it.  
Agree - I am a Harbaugh fan but their level of respect is totally unfounded.  They haven't done shit yet.
Reddit is a business school case study on a poorly run business.  It has a chance to make money through a few very cool avenues, but none of it matters because at the end of the day it is run and has been run by children.  This goes from Altman, to Huffman, and many other "leaders" involved with it in the past.  
Kid could survive ten rounds with Tyson 
I don't understand blaming the scalpers - they are playing a game that nintendo created.  This is coming from someone that isn't interested in scalping or flipping units for profit.

You don't release a nostalgic throw back item a month before Christmas, in the US, geared towards a demographic that not only understands it, but has the disposable income to pay whatever for it, and don't expect this to happen.  They knew exactly what they were doing.

Fact of the matter is most people that are scalping in person probably have to do something like this to make money.  They don't have careers to go to.  I honestly don't understand how or why some of you have time to drive two hours to one location, wait outside a store at 6am - it's nuts.  

This whole thing will blow over.  In the meantime, get a raspberry pi, or buy a 8bitdo controller and connect it to your phone to play the games there, or on your computer.  
These went immediately and are gone, even if you had them in your cart it didn't reserve them
It looks like it is 70 degrees in those photos and you are in a dry grassy field, not 45 degrees in a flowing river.
Thank you for your sacrifice.  
I wouldn't classify what you are doing as PE really.  Continue gaining experience, discover what you are interested in.  If IB is something you truly want to do, MBA will be a good reset and allow you to come out and enter IB at the associate level.  

An ideal timeframe for this would be start the MBA at 23 / 24 (once you have two years experience) complete MBA by ~26 --> IB Associate.  
Everyone focusing on the content of the post, which is nice, no one seems to be talking about the fashion shoot for hiking boots in the woods and the clear question that needs to be answered: did you bring a second pair of shoes, or just go barefoot while you took these photos?  
Musk isn't Bezos
Agree completely - it's a total disaster and Ted Phillips is an absolute joke and his background has no fit for his position.  While Notre Dame is a great school, having an undergrad in business and accounting, and working as a tax auditor at Ernst and Young doesn't give you the required skills for his position.

Finally, I find it disgraceful that the individual ultimately climbed the internal bears ranks from Controller, to Director of Finance, and eventually leading to an operations leadership role.

You'll notice not one thing in there is related to football or being able to make the proper decisions to make, create, or grow a serviceable NFL franchise.  

We need Epstein.  
I'm ready for Cutler to go because it is time for a change.  What we are doing and have been doing isn't working and hasn't worked.

That said, Jay Cutler is the figurehead scapegoat of some of the poorest ownership and worst front offices in the NFL.

Jay Cutler deserves a chance to go somewhere else and see if he can succeed.  The Bears problems go far, far deeper than just Cutler.
Is there any truth to this from an actual reputable source?  Not saying it isn't true, but pinknews.co.uk hardly sounds reputable.  
I wish more people realized this isn't a black v. white thing, this is an asshole v. asshole thing.  
This article, and the thread are hilariously pathetic.  Especially when you think about what Hillary and the dems did to Bernie.  
When you factor in airfare and lodging from the US, this works out to a bad deal.  
Yoohoo in a carton.  Is that still a thing?  
OH SHIT
>... it doesn't mean anything except that someone is trying to silence you

*comments for this video have been disabled* 
> Haven't seen much of him before he came to us

Did you never see him play for the Celtics?  
But the seats are emptying.  Can't speak to the merch. But if you look at the landscape of Chicago sports, the bears are at the bottom.  Sure, the Cubs haven't won anything in decades, but they are in the series now and a staple franchise of the city due to tradition.

Sox have a title, Blackhawks have (due to an ownership shift) a modern era dynasty, and the Bulls, while on almost a 20 year drought, are at least trying to put together teams that compete.  Not a fan of Gar/Pax, but they are better than the Bears front office.

This is the time of the season where the Bulls and Hawks are putting out viable playoff contending products with big name stars to watch, buy jerseys of, etc.  Those teams will pull money from this terrible bears franchise as more people will want a Kane or Wade jersey than a Cutler or Langford jersey.  More people will want to spend their money seeing competitive contenders than a replica of the Browns.
Time for a Brady Jersey.

Brady to the Bears confirmed  
This shit is nice
This is exactly the problem - you believe her nonsense is restricted just to her emails and then immediately bring up tax returns, as if it is on the same level.
I am not saying it doesn't matter - it does matter, and the fact of the matter is the country deserves better than these two options.  With that established, the nonsense he was involved in as a private citizen doesn't hold a candle to the nonsense Hillary has been involved in as a publicly elected official at some of the highest levels of US Government.
Not saying what Trump did is OK, but at the end of the day, he's was a private business man - Hillary Clinton is an elected official of many magnitudes.  If we are comparing the two, she loses.  
You should slim this down to one page
Kind of disgusting that accusers that fabricate stories like this aren't given 20 years in prison.
I often looked at Snell and was amazed he was even a professional basketball player in the NBA - the way die hards in the sub spoke about him over the past two years was often confusing and borderline Chicago Bears level delusional.  
So, like, liquify the DVD set?
Thank you for reaffirming my 25+ year addiction.
Viewing Seinfeld gifs with Seinfeld currently on my TV.

Not sure if I need to re-evaluate some things in my life, or if this is great.  
Jay Cutler has been sitting out, but will probably want to reclaim his crown 
What the fuck could possibly have been said in this sub that was so appalling it triggered the automod to remove it?
not sure why you are getting downvoted - 2x2 gets disrespected around here.  Keep doing you.
Cudi about to drop that experimental flute album he's been working on
I thought he said "I know it."
my body is ready 
I think he was actually exiting the stage
lol, clemson suspended players and kicked players off of the team for simple drug use and possession **during the playoff and championship games.**
why the fuck is your reddit username your call of duty gamer tag
>Waiting to reach $25k

So you're going to be a lifetime RH user then?  
>Mozgov money

This is a thing now
out v seahawks

http://www.espn.com/nfl/story/_/id/17372620/dallas-cowboys-wr-dez-bryant-suffers-concussion-monday-practice
After having purchased my first fully unlocked phone from a non telecommunications company earlier this year, that will be the only way I acquire phones moving forward.  
haven't watched one second 
* register for a tableau public account
* learn some tableau visualizations 
* wow people with your beautiful visualizations 
This is just adding to the global problem and not actually solving shit.
Exchanges are essentially stock markets for bitcoin trading - but their security tends to be poor and they are prime targets for hacks.  
A lot of people simply hate Hillary more than they hate Trump.  Most rational republicans realize a Trump presidency is cartoon status, but the alternative is Hillary.

We also, unfortunately, live in a country that doesn't really allow for third party candidates to have a chance.  The majority of Americans would never consider a third party candidate and the rest don't vote altogether.  

*quick edit:* Imagine where the dems would be if they realized Hillary was a train wreck and just put Biden in as the nominee - Trump would be destroyed.
I mean, the dems could have placed literally anyone else in the position of democratic candidate and won in a landslide, but they chose hillary and that's why they are in this mess and trump is a potential threat.
to be fair, we can't really rule that out yet 
harambe was shredded boi
* Egg
* Milk
* Cheese
* Sugar

###hmmmmmm
>Supported executions

If you are running with Hillary you gotta be down for some execution and murderin.  Squad up.
Bitch is angry the All Blacks always dominate Australia 
🤗
Your comics are legendary 
Isn't that the guy that wouldn't let George wear his cashmere sweater because he was afraid of it stretching out the neck hole?  
They play the simpsons almost nonstop on FXX - when I surf and get to that I check the guide to see what year the episode is from, if it is 2002 and earlier, I'll watch 
Rare picture of FSFuckhead in his natural habitat 
I am shocked the dems haven't given this serious consideration as a potential play of slipping Biden into the candidate slot.  He would do well.  
Well that's a bit of nonsense.  I have a good friend that is an actual genius, tons of degrees, all he does is learn, programs in several languages.  He is well off and thinks the same way about money as a billionaire would despite not being a billionaire.  He is really into the stock market, bonds futures, options, investments, etc and views the whole thing as a game with money being the point system.
Wow
this is good to know - thanks!
this is good to know - thanks!
Is this allowable on computer chess?  I don't think I have ever seen this move executed on lichess or chess.com - then again, it could be because I am not playing against guys rated 1500+ so maybe they just don't know about it.

Is this move common (or allowable) in competition?  
This isn't a mentality specific to Trump though - money to a lot of people is nothing more than a point system.
I'll preface this by saying I will obviously get one, but as someone that has built a retro pi station, I don't see why everyone that is so excited about this hasn't researched just doing that.  You get a lot more games across a lot more platforms for much cheaper.  
I haven't used netflix in months, it has gotten awful and is littered with a lot of their shitty programming.  Sure, they have some good original programs, but the majority of it is trash.

The shows are lackluster and the movie collection is a joke.

I recently purchased a fire stick to use prime video since it wasn't supported on chromecast and it is far superior to netflix in everyway: the original programming, the movies, the shows, it is night and day.
That's not entirely true - some companies are IPOing (or did before 2016) to seek funding through the IPO.

Regardless, it all depends, a company like Square got absolutely sodomized in the IPO, Twilio isn't looking too bad, and Line Corp is fairly strong right now as well.

Out of all of those companies, Square is the only one with a legit business plan that results in massive income streams.  Their problem is a niche market, lack of global adoption, dabbling in too many nonsensical markets (food delivery) and Dorsey himself having split attention.
Uber's valuation will be gutted as soon as they IPO.  Wall Street has had enough of SV's bullshit and is going to correct the craziness.  


that nervous laugh 
I fucking hate Hoiberg so god damn much.
You noted that a suspect was carrying an assault rifle - does that mean he was carrying a fully automatic or select fire rifle?  If not, he wasn't carrying an assault rifle - please edit your edit to reflect that.
Who among us?
Or just get a raspberyy pi for like 10 bucks, flash the retro pi os to it, and download whatever the hell games you want across every system for free
I thought the movie was great - not sure why people don't like it.
Why not move?  Somewhere like Jacksonville, where there is a decent economy, low cost of living, etc, would have you in a better spot.
Yo, is this like, your job?  
Exactly, that's why PD refer to it as a felony stop as that is the process.  

My point is, you can take the extra step and perform the "felony stop" before guns have to be drawn.  
Uncle was Chicago PD - there is also a scenario called a "felony stop" where you do exactly what you said but with your hands out the window while the police officer approaches the vehicle.  
The result is they have another lifetime lakers ambassador to go hand in hand with Magic Johnson.
Loyalty is a two way street, and in the case of Wade, he was loyal throughout his career to the Heat.  The Heat weren't loyal to him in the end.
Not sure I understand, since the NBA shutdown operations after the 1998 season.


Good
Fix your flair please - stop living in the past 
At least we don't have a Golden State Warriors situation on our hands man, we still have our star players.

Could be worse.  
I like how this show is probably going to be all artistic and shit.

Never forget this is the same guy that brought us [bro rape](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3zvTRQr7ns8)
Just happy Desiigner was sober for it.
Due to recent budget cuts, Reinsdorf is only allocating three basketballs to the Bulls to practice with for the 16-17 season.
Ya, that really burned my ass.  When he refused to talk to LeBron or Carmello (especially Carmello) I saw how selfish he was.
I wonder how this album would have been perceived from a name that didn't carry as much weight as Drake's.

I think Drake is a hell of an entertainer and artist, but I really thought that Views was lackluster.  
The complete fall from grace for the once hated Heat fans (now mostly GSW fans) is remarkable 
It's not that he left, it's where he went.
I mean, I don't think Rondo to the Bulls will make the Bulls unbeatable in 2k17 - definitely manageable.  
No shit, if we got Griffin and Westbrook, GarPax would be hailed as Gods.
You do realize there are two teams that can try and stop them now, right?  Bulls signed Rondo yesterday.

/s
Ya, people just mad we copped Rondo
detlef schrempf
Didn't realize professional sports == Strategy Consulting 
This is bullshit.  Durant's legacy is trash now.  Hope you guys focus on building the team around Westbrook now.

Keep your heads up though, it could be worse.  You could be the Bulls.
LeBron so happy right now

On a serious note though, it's somewhat troubling how all this incredible talent is able to consolidate on one team.

Not sure if I am concerned for the future of the NBA because of this trend or just angered that the Bulls refuse to do it.
I just want a championship.
His anti-establishment attitude is exactly what I want - hopefully it begins to fast track the end of gar/pax/hoiberg
Every time he touches the ball I question why we let Nate Robinson go.
What are you wearing?  Is that a straightjacket?  
> belonging to a Russian gangster in Philadelphia

ded
Don't forget golf.

I have a few buddies that have been (past and present) on the tour.  Definitely not good enough for anyone to know who they are or even pay attention to them, but they still clear about 8 or 900k a year and get a truckload of free luxury loot from the tour like Rolex watches.  
It's a safe assumption that most people on TV got their start on Seinfeld.  
/r/iamverysmart 
Of course, happy to help!
>few left
Sorry it took me a minute to respond.

Yes, I have a ton of suggestions, but it really depends on the style of watch you are looking for (dive / submariner, pilot, etc).  People fail to realize there are a ton of solid watch companies out there, including reputable boutiques, outside of Rolex and Omega, that make amazing and affordable watches.  Top of mind, some of the best brands are:

* Stowa
* Junghans
* Steinhart
* Sinn
* Hamilton
* Nomos
* Christopher Ward
* Tag Heuer


First and foremost, [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Watches/comments/4pb5ug/rwatches_buying_guide_5001000_usd/) is /r/Watches buying guide for the $500-$1,000 range and [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Watches/comments/2oo6l2/rwatches_buying_guide_10002000_usd/) is the guide for the $1,000-$2,000 range.

I will call out a few pieces in each range for you:

#$500-$1,000

##Junghans Max Bill

Price: [~$1k](https://www.junghanswatchesusa.net/Max-Bill-Automatic-Silver-Dial-Date-by-Junghansbr027400244_p_199.html)

Movement: Automatic. ETA-based. 

Style: dress/bauhaus

Size: 38mm

Link: [Info](http://www.junghans.de/en/junghans-collection/watches/maxbill/maxbill-maxbillautomatic/027-4002-44/model/detail.html), [Purchase](https://www.junghanswatchesusa.net/Max-Bill-Automatic-Silver-Dial-Date-by-Junghansbr027400244_p_199.html), [Image 1](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/90/1f/b4/901fb48912771d7924822c5b6c10d364.jpg), and [Image 2](http://www.junghans.de/typo3conf/ext/junghans_collection/Resources/Public/img/Watch/processed/027_4002.44.png)

Description: Light, airy, beautiful, classic. Fantastic. Gorgeous. Flawed only because of a crystal with a proprietary coating that cannot be polished. 

##Hamilton Khaki Field

Price: $575 (New)

Movement: Automatic [ETA 2824-2](http://www.eta.ch/index.php?id=54&L=2)

Style: Military

Size: 38mm (without crown)

Link: [Hamilton's website](http://www.hamiltonwatch.com/collection/khaki/field/auto-38mm/h70455533)

Description: One of the great, affordable Swiss brands known for their vintage and current line of watches, Hamilton fits well within the $500+ price range. For those looking for a watch that has a military aesthetic and, robust movement, and classic styling this is an ideal fit.

This watch is an homage to the days when Hamilton made field watches for the wartime efforts of various nations. Today, the watch is comfortable on the wrist of a sleek businessman, ready for a day of yard work, and happy to relax at home. 

##Christopher Ward C60 Trident Pro

Price: $800 - $1000 new

Movement: Automatic ETA 2824-2 or Sellita SW200-1

Style: Dive watch

Size: 38mm or 43mm

Link: https://www.christopherward.com/watches/dive/c60-trident-pro-600-0debcf

Description: Really nice looking dive watches rated to 600m. Lots of strap/bezel/dial color combinations. The trident on the second hand is a nice little touch to make the watch stand out, along with the nicely guilloched face.

##Sinn 556

Price: ~950 USD / 850 Eur

Movement: ETA Automatic

Style: Sports / Military style

Size: 38,5 mm

Link: [Sinn.de](http://www.sinn.de/en/Instrument_Watches/556.htm), [Chrono24](https://www.chrono24.nl/search/index.htm?dosearch=true&searchexplain=false&resultview=list&sortorder=1&maxAgeInDays=0&watchTypes=U&watchCategories=301&manufacturerIds=227&models=496&gender=1401&priceTo=1000&usedOrNew=new&movementTypes=1)

Description: Sinn is a German watch brand specialising in true tool watches with ties to military, police and airline/pilots who has made a name for itself thanks to the technologies it developed around case material hardening, however the 556 line of watches is their entry level and doesn't have any special features of this nature even if it still presents anti-magnetic, anti-shock and a sapphire crystal as technical features. 

The current lineup for the 556 shows five models, but many of the brand's fans focus on the 556i and 556a (both of which have a date window) as they are visually distinct and very well built pieces that do deserve more than a cursory look. The spartan design of the 556i with a black glossy dial and white applied markers and hands in particular is a stunner, while the 556a has large arabic numerals which also attracts a fair number of watch enthusiasts.

##STEINHART Nav B-Chrono 44

Price: $860

Movement: Automatic

Style:Pilot

Size: 44mm

Link: http://www.steinhartwatches.de/en/Nav-B-Chrono-44-stainless-steel-bracelet,165.html

Description: I am new to the watch world and I was hoping to get some feedback on this watch. It caught my eye and it looks like a really cool watch. I like the black face with the blue hands. 

#$1,000-$2,000

##NOMOS Tangente

Price: $1900 for the basic model without sapphire back.  

Movement: manual wind, NOMOS caliber alpha (in-house manufacture, although design is based on Perseus 7001)

Style: Dress, though on the casual side

Size: 35 mm (without crown) for this model; 33 and 38 mm versions are also available.

Link: [Company Webpage](http://www.nomos-glashuette.com/); [Company Store](http://www.nomos-store.com/); [AD](http://www.topperjewelers.com/watches/nomos_glashutte/)

Description: It's hard to find higher praise for Nomos Glashuette, and this is Nomos's iconic watch. This particular model draws inspiration from the same Bauhaus roots as the Stowa Antea. Unlike the other brands on this page, Nomos Glashuette does not use outside movements for any of its watches, an instead manufactures all its movements in-house.  It has even begun producing its own in-house escapement, something very few other brands have done.  In addition, the finish and polishing by hand of these watches is superlative at this price point--even the models without a sapphire case back have "Glashuette ribbing" (aka "Cotes de Geneve" stripes), blued screws,  sunburst polishing, and the like. All this, in addition to the brand's quirky personality, make the Tangente a great purchase.  

##Omega Speedmaster Automatic 3511 / 3513

Price: Not available new. Used $1300-1900

Movement: Valjoux 7750 

Style: Sport, casual, slightly dressy chronograph

Size: 38mm

Link: [3511.50](http://timerecs.com/imgs/a/d/n/i/m/good_con_omega_speedmaster_chronograph_automatic_3511___50_black_dial_men__s_154373_1_lgw.jpg) [3513.50](http://i1225.photobucket.com/albums/ee391/ErikSzper/Omega/DSC_0044_zpsec186ec5.jpg)

Description: These are discontinued now, and Omega has moved on to 40mm automatic Speedmasters. Still great watches with a good movement. And I think the smaller size is more appropriate. The bracelet is a crappier version. But it's a very affordable way to get your first Omega. 

##TAG Heuer Carrera Reissue

Price (used):  ~$2000    
Movement:  hand-wound chronograph    
Style:  casual    
Size:  35 x 13mm    
Link:  google images [CS3110](https://www.google.com/search?q=tag+heuer+cs3110&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ei=UIKGVKe-E8ubNqvqg5gC&ved=0CAkQ_AUoAg&biw=1920&bih=1017), [CS3111](https://www.google.com/search?q=tag+heuer+cs3111&espv=2&biw=1920&bih=1017&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ei=eoKGVOGbL4-INpWVgIgP&ved=0CAcQ_AUoAg)    

Description:    

*'Taint what a horse looks like.  It's what a horse be.*    
First Sight and Second Thoughts of the '90s Carrera reissue might focus on the Lemania 1873 movement (sans wedding vegetables) and draw [comparisons to the original Heuer](http://www.onthedash.com/docs/CompareCarreras.shtml), but Third Thoughts reveal it's true nature.  This is a product of a brand distilled, what remains after the business has been separated from the watchmaking.  What TAG Heuer be.    

calibre11.com [50 years of Carrera](http://carrera.calibre11.com/1990s-tag-heuer-carrera/), [reissue overview](http://www.calibre11.com/heuer-carrera-1964-re-edition/)


I think this is a good starting point.  Check out www.watchuseek.com for a ton more information and even buying used watches.  Do not be afraid to purchase used - you can get high quality watches for much cheaper.  Even if they need to be restored or fixed, the cost of that will still allow you to come out much lower on MSRP.  Watchuseek has a very reputable private seller / buyer exchange forum.








Sorry, but this is spoken from someone that clearly doesn't understand horology or truly appreciates a great time piece.  Your Moto 360 is a throw away piece of shit that will remain relevant in tech for three years tops, and that's being extremely generous.

Fine time pieces may be pricier, but you are paying for tried and true hand made movements.  These are watches you can buy for life, never go out of style, are always in fashion, and can be passed down from generation to generation.

No one is suggesting you need to spend 5-10k on a watch.  No one is even suggesting you need to spend over 2k.  There are plenty of luxury quality watches in the 800-2k range.

If wearing a pricier watch isn't your thing, that's fine, but don't say something so misinformed as they are a waste of money.  Buying a watch like the Moto 360 is a waste of money.

Feel free to educate yourself at /r/watches or /r/WatchHorology 
it was a joke, since you guys have had a lot of bad teams you'd know what one looks like
Dunleavy is trash 
Don't be surprised if we trade Butler for D. Rose - GarPax are just that fucking stupid.  
I think the general thought is the Bulls aren't done making moves, but you won't find a Bulls fan that disagrees with you, a Cavs fan that knows what a bad team looks like.  
he is a former MVP - MVPs either thrive or die under scrutiny, that's the point.  
Shit week for chicago sports
damn, brexit hitting everyone hard 
watching this fucker burn in real time
done
Well this is interesting.  I wonder what LT's numbers would look like in a league that is seemingly moving away from bellcows 
lol, next up reinsdorf will move the team to spain 
Guess Durant is staying 
[original video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=14-sOzwJgDY)
we already regret the fucking trade 
Vomit inducing.  
Well, he has to play in some games first 
lmao - this is too much
Guess we have to shit all over the Pacers now
that's the joke - Grossman was a liability 
got it
The thing about firing Thibs is the best available coach on the market when we fired him was Thibs.

     #JustChicagoBullsThings
Fun fact:

Rex Grossman "led" us to a superbowl and Jay Cutler has not.
I mean, are we a serious landing spot for Durant or Howard now?  
Got you into basketball?  How old are you?  
I would like to try the Spurs' strategy: keep the same players for two decades 
Thought the championship trophy flair next to the cavs flair was a mistake for a second - definitely not used to seeing that shit 
Jerian is good - I think we need to think bigger picture though, this frees up some cap space.  Maybe now we make moves for a Durant or Howard?
lol what the fuck
[hola](http://www1.pictures.zimbio.com/pc/Jose+Calderon+Celebs+Olympic+Basketball+RStAwTxkPlUl.jpg)
Good - he should literally never be out of Toews' sight.  
73-9*
That camera man that just fell backwards while he had the main shot 
Ayesha Curry saying stupid shit on twitter 
One thing is for sure: Cavs are headed to an extremely hostile environment for game 7
With interest rates as low as they are, they would be stupid not to finance this acquisition with extremely cheap debt.
Use your downtime to teach yourself new skills:

* SQL
* Tableau
* In depth financial modeling
* Valuation
* Anything else you think might be pertinent to the career you want


What is this sub?  This isn't /r/The_Donald - [hmmm](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cNNqPmDi26A#t=00m07s) 
Looks great - my main issue is the controls are on the left side 
Solid!
Interesting approach - Eddie Lacy hasn't had a pregnant wife the past two years, right?  
Both videos feature a camera guy with a short attention span that forgets about what they are filming and wanders in a circle and film their surroundings.  
Only way we flip Butler is if we get Wiggins and that 5th prick.
I have always liked Rose, but we need a complete reset, to even include the coach and front office.  
These types of boxes are so much more practical than the shoeboxes so many other watches come in.  
fresh af
This chewing of the mouthpiece fad that has swept the NBA is obnoxious
Cavs mad
Kerr needs to grab a jersey and start showing these fools what's up
The way they kept playing I figured Bogut would still be down going into the 4th
r/investing 