Elona, to reasonable extent:

* In cells you own (your home, shop, farm, etc) you can freely place and remove terrain tiles
* There is magic effect that allows you to place wall tiles (though of only one type)
* You can dig tiles with corresponding skill
* Any sufficient damage (or fire) can destroy a tile.

Though this has some limitations: any wilderness cells and certain dungeons don't retain their state and are regenerated every time cell is loaded, and cities are reset every couple months. But other than that - yes, you can destroy terrain.
Oh, wow, RetroArch is finally getting a usable GUI? Colour me impressed. Will have to give it a try again, hopefully it will last more than 5min before being shift\-deleted this time...
If screen is as beat up as it looks and games are without cases and manuals - "no".
Painful to look at. I know most people don't understand dark themes, but for the love of god, at least use gray or beige instead of #000000!!
And a "WTF" from your average user who will promptly proceed to b*tch on every possible internet outlet how Android phones now ship even without OS installed and require a sizeable download to even start functioning. No, thank you...
Yes, way to lie and misrepresent the removed discussion. Sure, it was about having the "right to be a racist douchebag". Whatever makes you appear being good guys and not silencing opinions you don't agree with.
Exactly. And i'm not even going to begin talking about an abusability of that rule...
> and they ban for ANY toxic behavior, not just racism. racism has no special treatment. check the rules

You check the rules. Last time i checked - toxic behavior was against the rules of EVERY SINGLE ONE of multiplayer games. Gee, i wonder why we even having the toxicity problem in online gaming, seeing how it is against the rules to be toxic. Gee...

And correct me if i'm wrong, but NO other kind of toxic behavior in Siege warrant immediate permaban aside from this one very specific case. Which was the whole point of my comment.
How so? That's just plain old logic. NORMAL logic, not twisted "everyone is equal, but this offending this person is a grave offence while offending this person is business as usual" kind of arse-backwards logic the likes of you use.
Meaning you have a great deal of tolerance for all other kinds of douchbaggery. Which is precisely my point.
Gotta be controversial and say that i do not agree that permabans for racism is a good thing. Why? Because it makes it seem like those people are getting special treatment. You can be reported for toxic behaviour and harassment daily and no one would lift a finger to ban you, but you say one racial slur one time and you're out? Doesn't seem particularly fair. 

And don't give me this bullshit argument of "well, why would ever say that word?". Why would you ever assault person because of their avatar or voice or accent? Same reason - because you're a scumbag. And there is no difference between doing that because you hate, say, black people or because you hate anime or French accent. However former will get you unconditionally permabanned and latter ones are a-ok. Doesn't seem particularly fair now, does it?

I mean, for fuck's sake, South Park had that shit figured out WAY BACK in 2000 with "Cartman's Silly Hate Crime 2000" by saying that aNY hateful speech or crime are, well, "hate speech/crime", regardless of whenever or not it's aimed at race or anything else. And the only thing you're doing by punishing one while ignoring other is singling out the "protected" people and giving scumbags actual **understandable reason** for hating them.
Ok, i have a question: why Pokemon ORAS is in 2 levels? Why AS is 1 star and OR is 2 stars? Does OR has somehow much more complex language?
Ban seems like an overkill. Though punishing them is a good idea. Why not just kick and timeout them?
I... Don't see the point of you mentioning all that.
But if you have a filtration system - why would you ever need to use salt to make water?
Still one of the most badass scenes. When you **challenge** the freaking Sun.
Salt is kind of hard to come by... Or maybe it's just my luck. And i far prefer to use it to preserve food rather than to make water.
Wait, what?? Bladderfish are literally everywhere and they produce tons of water!
So nice to know you're not the only one
So... If it was released on PC, like MGS5 was?
Maybe if you're deploying on a clean machine. In most cases you will be deploying on a server with db server and servlet container set up, where deployment comes down to dropping war into container's directory and running the liquibase/flyway/etc script to initialise/update the database(s).

And even if you're deploying onto a clean server - running a simple shell script script that would install and configure required software from repos is way easier than installing and configuring docker, then deploying required containers...
Ok, question: why do you ever need Docker as an EE dev? If anything it seems to complicate deployment, rather than make it easier.
It mutated. If you look at the videos form 4+ years ago - you can hear it clearly. But over the years it got distorted into the screech-grunt you hear today.
Did it get better? That's good news. I tried it year or so ago and... That was the worst player i saw since WMP on Windows Mobile. Guess it's about time i gave it a second chance...
I guess he finally listened to the "be Positive Biscuit" advice, judging from new colours
"Maybe i'm old...", but i liked the old black/white logo more. Hopefully he didn't change the intro from Union Jack to something else...
Will it clean Google's own mess though?
I'm not saying it's not legit. I'm saying that end result seem to differ a LOT from the source, while looking decent enough on its own. Look at the colours, at the lack of significant details. But despite those two things, they look like a decent pixel art, rather than scaled down image.
That's quite a curious app, judging by the examples on the front page. I say "curious" because resulting images look very nice, as far as not "sleek and stylish" pixel art is concerned, however they also barely have anything in common with the provided source images, other than general shape.
I feel like just putting it in the original box in the proper slots and wrapping the entire box in bubble wrap would be more than enough.
So. Ok, i'll explain as if you were disabled:
If A country has minimum wage (dictated by law) of $100, but average income is 600$, and B country has min. wage of $200 and average of $240.

In which, do you think, people have more disposable income? Go ahead, take your time, i'll wait.
Well, then i guess the likes of you DO deserve to pay double price.
I guess it's the likes of you we have to thank for not being able to buy Ubisoft games in Russia anymore on Steam. Thanks, arsehat.
Or Russia where game cost 15% of minimum wage ($30 game vs $170 min wage) on Steam and GOG and 30% in stores that don't adjust prices (Humble, consoles)
Minimum wage =/= average income level.
... How deep into dead zone did you went??
The better question is: where were he smuggling them in?
Especially pug trafficking... I'm not sure how he's going to live with that...
For me it was: "Bring. It. ON!". Before firing firing stasis rifle at it and darting past it. But guess i'm in minority here...
Learn. To. Fucking. READ.

"**Featured** & Recommended"
Not true. Sequels/spin-offs are equal to separate games. Seasons very much amounts to DLC. Because they require "main game" in form of the first season. Both to promote them and to actually be able to use them. You're not just going to dive into series from 3rd of 4th season, same as you wouldn't just launch a DLC without playing a main game. You can perfectly well play sequel game without ever playing the original, just as you can watch a sequel show without even knowing there was a previous one (inb4: it was successfully proven for series's by muricans and Dragon Ball Z)
I'm pretty sure it was something like 15 pounds for each "wave", but whatever, i assume you do remember it better. Still, though.
It's a common knowledge that services like that don't ever start doing anything until they begin bleeding users. And not just 1-2 hundreds - in thousands. And if people are just complaining on reddit - clearly they are still actively using the service
Wait, was that feature always in? I watched couple videos and they were all with real-time turns with no time to think. And maybe i'm mistaking with some other game, but i don't recall Crypt having much in terms of stats or interactions, due to it meant to be played in fast pace
Oh, no, it's totally possible to assassinate everyone. But going face to face is just... a poor choice
That would be pretty awesome. As long as they don't go for the same gimmick...

Though i would prefer something like that being a game rather than DLC
There were tracks? I missed those. What i remember are ~12 character DLCs that costed some hefty sum when you add them all up. And, obviously, they polluted the char. select screen even if you didn't had them...
Not bad. I would argue about the last line though. If we're stretching the definition so far as to include Diablo - why not use Daggerfall instead - that game is far closer to what rogue-like is. FTL is a rogue-lite, and while it does share more DNA with Rogue than most of the games in that genre, it's still far from being included in a list like this. And CotN... No, just no. That game has nothing to do with roguelikes aside from having grid-based dungeons. If anything, it can be included as an example of what looks like RL, but is not one.
I don't think DX qualifies as "FPS"... It's Stealth/RPG with first person perspective. If you try to play it as FPS - you're gonna get gunned down on the Liberty Island even on easy.

Also advice: stay awy from the console port of DX - it was pretty crap, even controls aside...
What about the "story" part?
Wolfensteins (except for the "Wolfenstein" soft reboot - that one was crap... Actually, just stick to **RtCW** and **New Order**), **DOOM** (i mean, it does have some story...).
There is also **Singularity** and... Huh, can't really come up with anything else. I mean, if you don't mind absolute shite of a gameplay and subpar pretentious story - you can try BioShite, but i wouldn't recommend that.
There is a serious industry-wide problem with those kinds of DLC in open word games. They are usually shite. Because: they either have barren version of original world, devoid of any content, or small walled-off chunks of it made to be played in linear way; they usually lock you into specific build (rather than free form progression of the original) and don't let you use any of the fun toys the game had; they are usually extremely short and strictly linear, without any exploration or side content, relying mostly on cutscenes and scripts; etc...

Ask yourself - do you really want that? Do you really want a heavily scripted linear gauntlet of fights with pre-made Link, with no toys or abilities, no dungeons, no cooking, no nothing? Just a fighting challenge dungeon 2-3 hours in length?
Are we talking "Expansion Pack" DLC (for the kids in the audience: in the pre-console DLC era, games on PC had expansion packs that contained 40-60% amount of content the base game had) or the normal "1 skin for $2, 1 level for $10" DLCs? Cause i'm pretty fed up with the latter ones, even in Nintendo games (Mario Kart, Zelda Musou, BotW).

Though, honestly, i would rather prefer them to make just *new* Metroid game (not a remake or shite like Prime)... But oh well, it's good to dream...
Well, no, actually. Netflix releases entire *season* at once, not series. Then it makes you want for months/years for the next one.
Simple: people are lazy fuckers. And people don't want to learn.
I don't get it. "Vote with your wallet". If you don't like it - just don't use it. Far more convenient and free alternative - piracy and normal music players, are right there. But no, you people complain but keep using their service, sending them message that everything is fine, no need to improve anything. Ffs...
How so? If they want me to pay i expect at least some quality of service (that i wouldn't get somewhere else for cheaper/free). Sure, if Spotify was a thing in the early 90s when what you described was even remotely relevant - it would've been worth using because it would leagues above and beyond what you would get by pirating. But times have changed, level of service have changed. Nowadays free pirating is on a whole another level, far surpassing paid services in level of quality and "service". But instead of competing services like Spotify and Netflix are content with seating in their bog and demanding money from users because "sure, we're far from perfect, but what other alternatives do you have?".

If anything, they are the ones entitles.
Considering 14yo me in early 2000s could just download ANY music in hi-quality mp3 with no issue, years before Spotify was even a concept - i don't share your amazement at all. What i am amazed by is why anyone would ever use something like Spotify...
Well, there are always torrents and player apps that actually respect user and allow you to do whatever you want with songs, playlists, metadata, etc...
Hmm.. Yeah, i guess i can see that
Mother of... How long was this feature in game?!
Hmm... Well, i guess with Japan's urban population density it does make sense. Though using physical media for non-collecting purposes still seems outdated
That we know. It's just it's a bit bizarre to learn they still do that. Feels a bit redundant unless the only internet you get is dial-up.
Well, either set up VPN and deal with all that... Or just teach them a lesson about globalisation and pirate.
... I think you're severely underestimating how "evil" and exploitative many Japanese media companies are. I'm honestly surprised Netflix could get any modern anime and doramas at all.
Have you heard about internal micro-services (probably not otherwise me mentioning them in my post would ring some bells)? Yes, those companies use Python for some projects. For small projects (often internal ones) that are then utilized by the "serious" ones written in Java or C.

Companies like that are listed as clients on the front pages of hundreds of competing frameworks in almost every existing language. What, next you gonna tell me they also use all of those separate frameworks in their forward-facing main projects? Please, at least learn how things work before blindly saying "company X uses project Y".
Better ecosystem, better support for server development with servlets and servlet containers. Far more mature and robust frameworks across the board. Better garbage collection. Cross-platform that actually works (unlike Mono that "sorta works"). Easier environment management and binary compatibility (java - "just have latest JRE and everything works", C# - "have latest versions of every C# version that all your programs and libraries use, and pray to Cthulhu there 
 will be no issues where components of different version interact with each other". Though even in C#'s case things are still not as awful as with Python). Better project management with Gradle (or Maven before it). Once again, better (open source) ecosystem that is conveniently available though Maven repositories rather than having to manually doewnload required dlls for some dependencies and get others through janky Maven-like crutch written for C# projects. And, once again, development in Java "just works" in any environment and for any target, development in C# also "just works", as long as you're developing under Windows, in Visual Studio, and also for Windows. Otherwise it require jumping through a lot of hoop and looking for a solutions where suddenly chunk of the code won't work because it uses Microsoft's windows-exclusive built-in libraries, etc.
Let me guess, you're a Python fanboy? The only type worse than those weirdos, C# fanbois.
You can do some homebrew level services in Python. But when it comes to serious work - no big company would trust Python for their project. Small *internal* micro-services, maybe. But definitely nothing enterprise grade where their reputation and/or money would be on the line.
58 vs 30? My bet is on the horned one.
Yeah, depressing that some (less than intelligent) people are still riding the bandwagon of hating Java for no reason.
Skyrim is the *lowest* point of TES history. Oblivion was just mediocre, not bad.
Ok, maybe i should've said a "server-side service". But my point still stands. Good luck writing a robust and scallable service that would be easily to develop and support in any other language. Especially if you want it done in less than 10 years.
Ah, someone who is NOT working in the industry has an opinion. Great.
If it was phased out in favour of Kotlin - that would be one thing. But being phased out in favour of C# or Python... Yeah, let's just stick with Java.
Good luck writing a (good) server in C or Python.
Actually THE most popular language, by far a margin, according to TIOBE Index: https://www.tiobe.com/tiobe-index/
That's me with Morrowind. I actually own it 4 times. But Skyrim... I only own it because i got gifted it during one of the Steam sales.
DG was revolutionary for it's time... But also kind of unfinished and most of the content in it was procedurally generated, so i would still put MW right above it: MW>DG>OB>AR>SK
No, it's actually pretty good. As a "licensed satirical game featuring Deadpool". I mean, of course it's not Platinum level game or anything. It's kinda short and doesn't have much variety in terms of either weapons, skills or enemies...

The more i think about it - you will have good time if you like Deadpool, otherwise it's pretty forgettable. But no, it's not bad. 5.5/10 or something like that. Just one tiny step above being mediocre.
In my defence - i expected them to be, well, "shirts". Not long sleeved t-shirts. And i have no use for t-shirts of any kind. Shirts rule!
Same. And was like that for a long time. And more open game is - the more i need the guide. Especially for games that like to lock content out without a warning when you progress to certain points...
Of course. I still have the collection to fill
Oh, ok, so that's an expected behavior. Got it, thank you
Question about NTR: is it supposed to cause so many freezes and crashes? I'm using BootNTR Selector with 3.6 on n3DS.
If i start NTR and immediately launch the game - it generally works fine (except for some games, like Gunvolt Striker Pack that just crash on launch if NTR is started...). But if i do anything else: start homebrew app, close current game and start it again or start a new one, etc - console either freezes or crashes. 

Is that an expected behavior or should i be worried?
Thank you! Though reading that i figured out how to solve it (deleted 000002cc from extdata)
Any way to remove/override BGM without booting into Luma? I installed BGM from theme and it causes home menu to freeze after about .5s of playing.
Absolutely hate them. Because rather than play game on my leisure and my schedule i'm forced to scramble and binge on the game to experience limited-time-available content and try (read: grind) to get things i will not be able to get ANY other time. Which, obviously, turns any game from a fun pastime into a fucking chore. In fact, i think i ended up completely abandoning at least dozen games specifically due to burning out and becoming pissed due to holiday events.

Also don't even get me started on games with universes that have no place having Earth's holidays suddenly adopting them with a slight name change! It's just pure cringe and insult to game lore.
Hafu ("half") is a Japanese term to describe people who are half-Japanese, half-westerner. Has slight racist connotations to it, in some contexts. 

Since i don't give rat's arse about Twitch, streaming or streamers, i had no idea who Hafu is, so when they kept saying "hafu this, hafu that" i just assumed they were talking about some half-Japanese person.
So, wait, "Hafu" is an actual person? I though Kate and Ryan are just being racist...
Same. If people want to avoid *information* they should go out of their way to avoid it, not demand that the entirety of humanity stops circulating that information.
Shhh! You're gonna trigger people who are anal about spoilers and the "experience".
> but again there aren't many good ones

... Sure. https://vndb.org
Those "connections" are superficial and purely cosmetic. However if you strip Force Awaken's plot of labels it will be pretty much word for word the plot of New Hope. So...
Yay for shirts! Finally an apparel i would be able to wear! And from TB! Can't help but be happy about that
Oh, no, Nintendo is very conservative when it comes to their OWN stuff. Hence the user-oriented practices (i mean, hell, they even put things others would've locked behind $5-10 shitty DLCs, Nintendo instead opts for a reusable pretty figurine). Now, when it comes to mobile - that's a whole other story...
On the topic of microtransactions and business f2p model: i wish more games would go the Nintendo's Pokemon Picross model where after spending something along the lines of $20 game just says "Hey, buddy, you already spend amount of money this game would normally cost, so how about we just give you the rest of the content free of charge if you want to play it so badly?"
If that's of any solace - peasants will still have it worse: they still have to pay for being able to use online on top of that and WE can find ways to circumvent ISP's BS (\*cough\* VPN \*cough\*) - but peasants can't.
That's a bi-i-i-ig overstatement. Happy birthday anyway though
Best video game that was ever made for N64*
I used to think that a lot of those wrecks were from the previous crashed ship, Dagasi, was it?
"Deal with it".
It was the "sole reason"? Boy, do i have a bad new for you...
... You were supposed to long before you even started be curious about the cyclops. I tend to do it even before i get the seamoth - glide is more than enough, even now that the side entrance is gone. *Then again, i'm also a crazy guy with deathwish who did 250m+ dives for cyclops and prawn parts with a seaglide when i had terrible RNG and couldn't find seamoth parts...*
You misspelled "not a fanboi like the two of us".
1. Not "features" - paid DLC and miscrotransactions.
2. Oh really? No advertisements for other games? Then what do you call the icons grayed out names of EVERY OTHER GAME THEY HAVE (and also Destiny 2) being present at all times in the launcher's "Games", not "Shop", screen?

I don't know, maybe i'm spoiled by the competent launchers like Steam and GOG, but i prefer stuff i own being separated from advertisements for the stuff i can buy (which should be on a dedicated "shop" screen).
Tshhh! Blizzard is a "darling", don't let people hear you don't like that they get a special "can do no wrong" treatment!
Yes, for games i don't own and don't plan on buying. And i can't disable those ads. Also ads for (paid) content in games i own on corresponding game's page in launcher.
Are you using a 3rd party launcher? You would need to adjust icon size in it too
Really, Blizzard? Want us to talk about ads in your launcher instead?
I have same amount of space on my 5.5 phone (example: https://imgur.com/a/LShbA) so no, that's not a tablet. Just set your "display size" to "smallest" in display settings.
> streaming service

Welp, i guess it's bad news no matter if this is fake or true...
Can't help but notice that brothers are drawn significantly worse than Peach and Yoshi o.O
Ok, i will. Who's that, btw?
Wait, that doesn't make sense. He molested Morty, a boy, how's "i'm gay" a deflection? That's pretty much admission of guilt!
You seem to forget that Rick is permanently drunk (and often also high) and has a deathwish.
Influential for whom, peasants? Goldeneye was released after Wolfenstein 3D, DOOMs and Quake, the actual most influencing FPS games that shaped the genre, and ju-ust before Quake 2 and Unreal. If Goldeneye was "one of the most influential FPS of all time" then Dangerous Dave was the most influential platformer ever (with Mario and Rockman being some niche games no one heard about)

And i played it back in early 2000s - it was just as crap back then as it is now (with the exception of graphics looking "subpar" rather than "awful" as they are now)
Well, not exactly. You're not just upscaling - you're talking about applying anti-aliasing on top of upscaling. And AA is an extremely costly operation (hence why no 3DS games do it and look all pointy - 3DS simply can't afford to waste resource on that)
What would that accomplish without altering the internal renderer of the game? Wouldn't that just be an upscale?
Why is UI so big and weird? Do you play it on 640x480 monitor or something?XD
Wow, that crap game got awards? And 6 of them?! Wow, console gamers were really desperate back then...
Some of those snakes seem quite derpy. Is this because they were confined in the small box for so long?
And it looks like she's married ❤
So, Mario games should have more female villains? OR what is your point?
Gotta disagree with Dodger on the topic of Hat in Time act1. It's her fault for missing the content. Gama gave an extremely clear instruction to follow the Mustache Girl, but also left a *choice* for player to go explore and/or sequence break. If player made the *choice* to ignore the story and sequnce break, which resulted in missing content - thn it's player's fault, not game's or game designer's. They merely gave you an option to ignore explicit instruction.
Mail tells you up to 3 games in your wishlist that are on sale
Looks very cool. Except for the controllers.  Never understood why anyone would use make a see-through body for electronics.
Same. And it's easier to see if you have dirs with small files in them
Orcs: "Red ones go faster!"

PC gamers: "RGB ones run better!"
It will get censored. Just like other similar cases did.
Yep, to them. Because otherwise - what game SI NOT an RPG?
How low have we fallen...
I would agree that Pokemon is totally a jRPG. For me difference between real RPG and a jRPG is whenever or not you have a *direct* control ovver the character's growth. In real RPGs (ones derived from D&D and other P&P systems) you have complete control over you characters - stats, skills, etc. You directly assign points to those stats. In jRPG, on the other hand, you just gain EXP and on level up character gains pre-assigned skills and fixed bonus to fixed stats dictated by the classe's growth formula for that stat. At best that bonus get's some points added or substracted based on RNG rather than having strictly fixed ones. Other than that you have no say over anything whatsoever.

And Pokemon is totally the latter one.
You mean Battlefront 2 (2017) is about to come out? New one is the duplicate hence it has to have a year in its name
Lol. You expect them to do that when they can just sell you the new one?
It's actually just "Battlefront 2"
Still better than the new shitty one
Nothing. I learned that when Blizzard introduced limited time only lootboxes to Overwatch. I expected a massive backlash, but people were head over heels throwing dosh at screen instead, even on PC. That's when i realised there is literally nothing publishers can do to kill microtransactions and loot boxes. Same as it happened with DLC back in the days.
It's a lazy console port. Be "thankful" they didn't slap 1080Ti as a minimum as a safety net for their sloppy work porting it.
It's not just you
Meh, maybe on 75% sale. ISn't that the rule for late ports of "exclusives"? 

UPD: Wait, is this by Koei Tecmo?! Ne-evermind then. Don't want to touch that piece of shite with a 100ft pole! Hell, just typing their name made me want to sanitize my arms!
Honestly, sometimes i miss the 3rd dimension and crazy shenanigans you could do in it in Minecraft with a couple of automation mods 
... ... ... get out.
Yes, for people who are want best, like smart users (or devs), not the rigid business people or the user plankton.
Huh. He's the only one i recognized out of them
What the fuck are YOU talking about? Lots of *developer teams and businesses* use it. However in most cases they still interact with clients through Skype because latter refuse to change their habits.
Yeah, the point is (which you hilariously missed - why am i not surprised?) - if that's the only thing you want out of the game - there are dozens of games that do combat system like that good (and let's be honest - even in Skyrim melee is dogshite). And if you want anything more - Morrowind and even Oblivion do it better.
Not the point. The point is that "enterprise" people are so rigid that it would take a decade of market dominance by Discord/Slack for them to even start considering moving to it, regardless of how shitty Skype is
Yes, that's even better: "hey, can you register in this app and join our team's server on this channel?". Right, so many clients would do that with joy /s
Cause they're now hip with the kids. Have you seen the abomination that is Skype app on phones?
Yeah, no shit. Now go and explain that some "kiddie unknown app" is better than Skype to the enterprise sector people.
You're using Win10 - you have lost your right to complain.
Get out of here with this "holier than though" attitude.
The way i see it: "character designed solely with sex appeal in mind" or "a unique and quirky character who had some actual thought put into her design"
Worse story, worse quests, wort guilds, abominably dumbed down RPG system, worse gameplay (unless you're playing a heavy weapon barbarian, in which case - why the fuck are you even playing TES?), worse... Actually, i can't be bothered listing all things that it did worse than even Oblivion (and that one wasn't stellar either) - just google the feature comparison on UESP
Hmm, let's see, associating a symbol from a timeless masterpiece with a piece of shite game that doesn't even deserve to have the same name? Yeah, i would find that pretty offensive
"Shall we resume stabbing?"
Get more *melee* pets so you would get targeted less. That's about it
Wow, that artist really hates Hime. Honestly, i would NOT say that this art style is good.
"Why?".
With or without a cloud account?
And that's why i use Google's keyboards. At least they have decency to tell me that they are going to sell my data if i use their keyboard.
Shh, don't let Apple fans hear you.
Bad password management that, technically, got hacked. Which is precisely what OP said. So... Your point?
what about versus sex-games?
How's HLD a jRPG?
Not much of a milestone. My shoe has better storyline and gameplay than Skyrim. And has more depth.
Only on PC and only if you're willing to spend a weekend (or two) modding the hell out of it. And you probably should, at the vvery least to play the Dark Brotherhood (not the bunch of wanna-be brooding murderer misfits we got in Skyrim - the real one) and the masterpiece that is Shivering Isles
Motherf-...

I roasted Apple for their retarded decisions and now Google turns around and does something almost as stupid? I quit - gonna use Blackberry or something =_="
Hey, fair is fair. If peasants don't count cost of the TV when it counts to the console gaming cost - we can do this too, right?
Yes. The Satanic Ritual of paying couple hundreds gold to the barkeep XD
* everything except for all of the items you can't pass
Wouldn't cursed scroll of uncurse just curse item?
One of the reasons why we're pirating content. Only now we can have this in every other web site, rather than in some paranoid content delivery services.

I seriously can't wait for the day i'll have to pirate news articles simply so i wouldn't have to deal with DRM-infested article viewer plugin or some crap like that.
Better example: "kids refusing to listen to their caretaker, and said caretaker swiftly resigning before they get blamed for kids burning down the house"
I think it's just them not wanting to be blamed for something they no longer have any say over.
It just means that legal usage will be even more cumbersome and unappealing that it is already.
While i love a cool build like this with lots of pistons, rotors and other machinery... I also understand that first bullet going in the direction of the ship will render this all completely unusable. Sadly, with how game is right now (with no force fields, auto-repair or permanent blueprint projection) it's far more efficient to just use the ugliest blocky design possible.
Well, tweet explicitly says that's neither the sequel, nor does it take place in the same place, so i don't get the point of your comment
"New Stardew Valley game" - first tweet literally says that it's not going to be a new Stardew Valley, but a game set in the same universe. Ffs...
... what?
MX Player, Rocket Player, Chrome, Twidere and Perfect Viewer
Most ROMs incorporate numerous tweaks and improvements (from major fixes and essential features, to QoL tweaks like being able to disable safe volume nagging or adjust amount of volume steps) and provide way more customization than stock Android. Basically the features that normally require xposed and Gravity Box come pre-packaged into the rom itself.

Usually 1-3 months later for major releases and couple weeks for minor. For example there is already early release of, if i'm not mistaken, LineageOS  with Oreo, so we can expect a proper release in a week or 2. Google just recently finished releasing Oreo to "relevant" devices and completely ignores the older ones. And for not Google devices - well, you can only get Oreo if it cam preinstalled on them, for the most part
That just means you're still half-peasant
Ri-ight. Next thing you say that you ain't human either.
You can't ascend while still using the controller
Thank you for making my day
Actually, yes. Well, other than it going only up to 3gb ram and 32gb storage
Stock Android looses objectively to something like AOSP Extended (or pretty much any other competent ROM) and you get 3rd party updates long past what even Google provides (i can get 7.1 on my Nexus 7 tablet easily while Google gave up on it with 6.0), so that doesn't even remotely count as an argument.
Ri-ight, so you want them to make a dedicated model just for US? They already shove incredibly wide range of bands into their phones, so...
3GB costed $160-170 (depending on the store) when i bough mine 4GB for ~$190.

As for camera... Comparing it to the camera's of flagships is ridiculous, and i'm sure reviews after it's released will back me on that. As for camera in RN4 - it's awesome for a budget phone. You have to be delusional to expect more. The only issues i ever had with it is taking photos in low light
Funny how most people consider Android UI to be freaking awesome and material to be best thing since sliced bread.

And consensus on MIUI is that it's an unholyl abomination that is even worse than iOS UI, somehow.
Well, other than UI overall looking like a shitty rip-off of iOS and not a having conveniences on Android 7... Terrible intrusion into working of the system that you can't completely turn off, like battery management that keeps killing off background services even though i disabled all of their shitty battery tweaks or the fact that they disable the Documents app that is required to grant permission to grant write access the SD card to applications (with it disabled permission request just fails silently). Last one is a known issue that has no fix and was a problem for long time with Xiaomi just ignoring it.
Oh, and obviously their shitty Google-wannabe apps that you can't uninstall and that have same name and icons as the Google ones.

List can go on, i just can't be bothered.
Shipping from China is free so unless your country has some bullshit import fee for the personal items - it doesn't affect price.  As for shipping time - even in my country shipping from China doesn't go past 20 days, and my country has some of the worst postal service in the world. If you consider that to be a long shipping time - you're just too spoiled.
I had miui too and it was atrocious and pure suffering for the 3 weeks i had to wait to be able to install a 3rd party rom.
Don't you get unlimited hq photo storage as it is anyway?
My RN4 doesn't heat up to the point of being uncomfortable even in 3D games and benchmarks.. What did you do with poor thing?
Stupid, really, but i can control the AC in the office without having to look who took the remote.
MIUI has nothing to do with it. I run AOSP Extended and i get 30-40% left after phone being unplagged for 12-13 hours and listening to musicandd watching YouTube or local video and having WiFi, Bluetooth and cellular data on for the most of this time.
 Simply because RN4 has 4100mah battery
Why sell cheap phones in the US if they can make you buy more expensive ones? And it's not like you can't import one - people in US are just too dumb and/or lazy to do that.
So you bought better phone for cheaper. What's your problem?
Excuse me, sir, why the fuck are you even reading this subreddit then?
US people are too dumb to register on, say, aliexpress or any other international seller, i guess.
5.5" because it's the most optimal size. 625 because it's best cheap CPU
So... Any reason to buy it over Redmi Note 4, considering it has 30% less battery and slightly *slightly* better camera, but costs $200-250 while Note 4 costs <$180?
After reading this thread i'm honestly not sure which is worse - them closing the Sun or the amount of puns it led to...
That's an interesting idea, but i think inventory slave account is a crutch rather than a solution...
Like what?
Are you, by chance, using Apple device? Because on Android they are saved in a convenient "Downloads" dir in the root of your partition and will show up in the "Recents" when you select image to attach to post
Is that a phone screen screenshot?? Eww! Please, respect others and learn that there is a "save as" button in the context menu.
Hime is the best. Even her stare is great
I did the same mistake, until i gave up and just "tried my best" going through with no violence, only going after all the goals and high rating when replaying them with OP equipment
To be specific, they never got any additional gear for me in missions, since i always did them non-lethally and with no witnesses or alarms. They did so in the sandbox mode
Well, you only have to kill Gunter and Anna, and you can do both in non-violent dialog mode. Aside from that i don't think you have to kill anyone at all in the entire game. 

And killing those two are kinda necessary as they are hellbent on killing you. Much better than it's terrible sequels where bosses are either killed off off-camera or give up on going after you for no reason because you beat their level
You can sign up for beta testing and, with some luck, get drafted .Like i did for past weekend's beta
What do you meant by traces? I usually raise no alarms and just balloon EVERYONE i knock out
Well the whole premise of that game is how "violent" games are, and subverting it showing that players are the violent ones, not games themselvves
Well, i guess that's true, considering how your brother nags you and others about violence through the first 2 missions and seeing how you're given a stun prod from the beginning of a game and find baton and tranq crossbow about 1min into the game
They adapt anyway in MGS5, so my pacifist (mostly) run came to a halt when every single guard started wearing full armour making it impossible to non-lethally neutralise them remotely (as tranq guns have 0 armour penetration). 
Wait, you can kill in Thief? O_O
Heat Signature is a good one. Since the lengths you would have to go at times are pretty ridiculous. But dispensing pacifism while dual wielding wrenches in slow-mo is fun.
Is it weird that i rooted for Giffany?
They spoke gibberish, not russian. As for "russian accent" - i don't know what kind of accent you're referring to, but none of them spoke with anything even remotely resembling russian accent.
No. Solenya means vaguely "wide variety of pickled products", and in no way means just "pickle". Nor does it refer to any sort of monster, simply by the fact that it's a plural word with no singular form as far as i'm aware.
... Can you speak English please?
Use good ROMs?
They never spoke Russian, they are apparently oppressing a country of heavily tanned people whose freedom fighter goes by the name of "jaguar" (so, south/central america) which is something that fits US more than Russia, they use Macs (clearly US) and have "Top Secret" in english plastered over their document folders and "ammo" and "danger" also in english on the weapon crates. As for oppressive - honestly, US government fits just as well if not better.
His opinion is wrong! X3
He kinda didn't have a choice...
You could always refund it, like i did. That piece of shite didn't even work for me
Truth is hard to handle, i know. But you have to learn to do it before you grow up.
TB, you don't even know how wrong you are. Blue spheres special stage was the best special stage in the history of Sonic. But the original ones, not the XXL versions from Mania - those are rubbish. As for half pipe from Sonic 2 - Fuck. The. Half. Pipe. I haven't seen worse thing in a platformer ever, and i've played Bubsy. Those half pipe levels are absolutely irredeemably awful.
Is it weird that box art takes as much space as crap like PS ribbon, ESRB rating and Metacritic excerpt?
How can you educate a peasant who doesn't want to be educated? Force them? Send them to education camps? =_="

They are very comfortable sitting in their little console bog and have no reason to rise above it, since that would require minimal amount of effort.
I might be wrong, but unmodded Nier: Automata is locked to 720p. Well, internal renderer, that is. You can still choose higher resolution  but it will just be an upscale from 720p.
You forgot the part before that when he brags how much better game looks on his potatoBox rather than someone else's potatoStation.
Well, no. You can't go BELOW 800x600 or 640x480 simply because modern games/engines are not designed to work at resolutions below that. As for weird-arse aspect rations - you can do that in good PC games (rather than shitty ports) by setting resolution manually in config. No guarantee game will work properly, but you can.
"She *can't* keep the drones" still makes me chuckle
Off-topic, but a thumbnail looks kind of like a sad quid or metroid
Does that meant that at some point 8Ball visited the SPA in that dimension and got detoxed?
You're thinking like a sane person would. That's where you're wrong.
So you have to PAY extra for the device that supports playing media with HDCP DRM, then PAY for the DRM infested media and then also PAY for a device to make sure the combo above actually works? Geez, why not just wire your salary to "content owners" directly and avoid extra steps?
I pirate because i find streaming and DRM disgusting and incredibly inconvenient.
This means that his device failed the bloody DRM handshake (which just a things that happens randomly for whatever reason) and now he can't watch the content he paid for. No such problem if you use DRM free files, which you currently can only obtain through piracy.
Maybe they should shove Jerry in this machine once. Or twice.
Is it really ok to have an open case like that? Won't everything be covered in dust in, like, 2 days?
Well, guess who won't be buying any Note 8's? Australian folk.
Well, i guess you could say that. Though kid points out France and Brazil, while HL1 set in US and HL2 in Eastern Europe
Literally 3rd comment below you: https://www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/6w4e1l/and_now_my_watch_has_ended/dm5nowd/
If that is what you got from it, boy do i pity people who have to deal with you on a daily basis.
Once again "point proven".
First, it's not "pedophilia". Second, why would i bother saying anything if you're just going to reply "it's gross" as if it's a legitimate argument. Learn to argue, btw. Third, you're refusing to acknowledge that there is a possibility of opinion other than yours being correct one - literally definition of closed-mindness.
I don't even know how to respond to that. Kinda proves my point though.


I don't understand people who play Elder Scrolls as melee brutes, so combat never bothered me in Morrowind...
So, Pillars is basically a novel but with built-in fleshed out what-if's? That actually sounds quite neat.

Also, "no homo" and all that crap, but holy cow, TB, i love you! Yes, Deus Ex is THE comfort game! That i too replay yearly (with or without mods)! *Addendum:* apparently i'm also in love with Jesse now, since YES, Morrowind was better than Skyrim. So much so that even comparing two is stupid.

About Microsoft suddenly being "good guys" and doing pro consumer things - they do, but they also kinda don't. You seem to forget one tiny detail about them: many people, especially gamers STILL kinda hate Win10, 2 years after it being released. People still think that their app store is a pile of shite worse than Apple's. So of course they have to be "pro consumer" and let people play their games on Windows (10) too, otherwise they are going to lose that market.
Well, i guess this is kinda heartwarming then
I forgot, was it before or after he got a coupon for a free replacement Morty?
I don't get the Abby one. Surely there was at least one scene where Spongebob went on an adventure or played video games, right?
This Geralt has weird-ass haircut. And uncool Armour. Why not Wolf or Cat? IS this actually Geralt or just some random Ursine witcher?
Why would you EVER want to do that? That "game" is shite.
I guess my router has pretty good QoS since i can have multiple downloads or torrents and still watch video real time with it buffering faster than i watch it. Now when number of simultaneous downloads goes in 2 digits i *might* get some hitches...
Apparently people can't handle the truth.
Steam's? I have 100Mbps connection and Steam fully saturates it, regardless of whenever i play games or do anything else. So what excuse are you talking about? I actually have to limit it to 10Mbyte/s so it wouldn't hog all of the bandwidth when downloading games
Because streaming video @1080p requires ~5Mbps, which would leave another 45Mbps for your download. Sure it's not "full speed" but pretty damn close.
On PC there would probably be handy people who add either server emulation or straight up inject this content into game via mods once servers go down.
Is she shedding?
No. It's gross to try to pass your own incredibly subjective preferences as an absolute truth. And it's creepy because it's incredibly authoritarian and oppressive, and also stinks of censorship.
The only creepy and gross thing here is your attitude.
Art is awesome. Text is so awful it makes my eyes bleed.
I'm ready to roll those dices! Still better than suffering the streaming or goddamn awful "legal" services.
But that's heresy...
As a happy owner of a Xiaomi phone - that's some goddamn great news!
My 5c on Stream Harassment: ... "South Park did it".
Your lose. Maybe try to be a little more open minded?
Ah, i guess so...
What's the point though? Can't you just edit the save file? They are not that complex you know - just a simple XML.
Nope, Russia.
Thank you, i'll try those next time. As for Linux - i'm half asleep and my brain just "connected the dots" as i was reading the picture
Own one since april - no issues even in this horrific (45C+ daily) climate
Try gaming on Linux and you'll change your opinion.
Dunno, "kill process" in Windows works just as well as SIGINT in Linux. And other signals in Linux are about as useless, when it comes to interrupting the process, as "end task" in Windows.
Well, honestly, not "save", more like "put them out of their misery"...
Rick and Morty are in the picture. The rest of the characters are probably likely definitely died in the horrific way...
Over the Garden Wall and Gravity Falls had ended
Boo-hoo, game deletes the save data if you die too many times. Big deal. We're the bloody MASTER RACE - what is to stop us from just backing up the save dir? Hell, you can write script to do that automatically every couple minutes!

"[...] no other game up to this point has done the Nemesis system" and no game period has done it well, sadly.
My body is not a temple. MY BODY IS CHROME!!
This portrayal of Pearl is gross. Why don't you draw Marine like this instead?
Ikr? Breaking news right there.
He tends to goof around a lot, if that's what you mean. Though he does make mistakes at times, as their channels cover all kinds of topics from PC parts specs to wearables and IT trends - naturally he can't know everything about everything.

As for aggressive self promoting - many YouTuers do that in similar fashion, as in "hey, we all know how idiotic it looks when traditional media tries to shamelessly self promote - so now we're going to do the exact same thing, without even trying to hide the oozing sarcasm".
Wait, you mean Apple doesn't go with their "Mac is not a PC" mantra anymore?
Why? LMG are the only ones i know about who bought a RED camera for YouTube production
YouTube-ing is an arms race. You have to have decent equipment if you want to have a decent product. Ask Linus.
Only Apple doesn't want you calling Mac that. We're happy to oblige and qualify them as non-PC peasants in return.
The trash. I meant "Mac Pro"
Sounds about right
Yeah, i missed that splash screen, thank you~
Evil genius XD
This is an ad! This is a blatant and shameless selling out!

...

So... When does part ~~2~~ 3 come out?
I say you overpaid for it.
Wait, they do? I thought they just show you the "X will remember that" prompts, not have an actual flowchart built in.

Also TB an Genna played Love Live the Queen, which is obviously a raising sim, not a VN, but i won't pretend that many people actually understand the difference...
Why? He's entertaining and not obnoxious or a dick, so why not like her?
Is it just me or is there something weird going on with TB's lighting in this episode? It's so cold and blue-ish it makes not just him but even his clothes look pale o_o

About Dream Daddy (ugh) - i don't have the issue with the game (that would be highly hypocritical of me), other than it's name (double "ugh"), but with the reaction westerners had to it. People see a cute sweet innocent VN about pure first love - they call it "perverted and depraved game that only sickos would play" simply because it was made in Japan, but along comes an extremely fetish driven one-note VN about dating gay dads - and suddenly it's pretty much a second coming simply because it was made in the west and has this odd art style. Obviously this is in no way fault of the game or its creators, but never the less i can see why some people who like VNs would be fairly upset about such double standards and might take it on the game.

As for TB's remark on VNs usually showing you the flowchart with the decisions you've made - they almost never do that. There are thousands of VNs out there and you can count ones that do that on the fingers of two hands. Some **quests** with VN elements do that, like that one Disgaea game about the groundhog day, but those are not actual VNs. Because in most VNs, with the exception of something like Tsukihime or F/sn you don't need a flowchart to figure them out.
Cheater
You're taking it way too far.
10h since episode has aired, still nothing even remotely resembling spoiler anywhere on this subreddit, even in new. So... =_="
First i thought it was a masturbation joke. Now i get the reference :3
Quoting reply to similar question:
> Many of project i worked on had support for both MySQL and PostgreSQL as requirement. In some cases also Oracle and H2 in file for "demo mode". And i must tell you, having to test every query for 4 dbs and have switches which query to use in every second db operation is not fun. And maintainability was a nightmare. Hibernate with its slight performance tradeoff was a godsend

Also forgot to mention MSSQL. Almost every project i worked on required some degree of user choice in terms of DB, rather than just stating that "it's compatible with the DB X and that's it".
That boils my brain. Would it be a monster boy manga for them? Then again, out of the entire cast only Centorea is "normal" for them...
You visited "bing.com"? Gross. No wonder you take issue with it showing your shameful behaviour like that!

In all seriousness though, how does it or Sesame even knows what sites you visit while incognito?
You can't really say "non-traditional control method" when referring to gyro control in Splatoon if the only alternative is a stick aiming, which is as much non-traditional as gyro is. And yes, actual gamers absolutely loved motion aiming in original Splatoon since it was so much better than aiming with the stick. The only ones who hated it were console" gamers" who are used to play console "shooters" on controllers. And refused to even consider that there could be a better way.

"[...] if it was anybody else pulling this out". Ugh, TB, have you been in cryo-sleep for the last decade in a half? It's called DLC and pre-order exclusive content. Literally every one is doing it, Nintendo is actually kinda late on that bandwagon and, unlike others who sell you one op gun or a silly skin for $5 a piece for one copy of a game they sell you a neat little figurine for $10-15 that can unlock that additional content on any number of copies. How is that bad? And have you ever heard of, say, Kickstarter-exclusive in-game content? You think having to buy a figurine is "terrible"? Then what do you call having to shill $100+ on a game that **might** be released (or more likely might not) 3-6 years later, because if you don't you'll miss out on that exclusive in-game content?

Or imagine, just imagine, if a, say, remaster of an older game was a special edition exclusive bonus to another game, with literally no option to get it in any other way? Sure, people would've "burned their HQ down", sure... Or even better, if you had to buy a game but them were unable to play it because you also needed to buy additional expensive as all hell cheap NFC figurines not to unlock some DLC-like bonus content, but to actually play the game? Wow, people would be so pissed and so much burning would've happened... Or if some neat purple cosmetics were locked behind paying for subscription to a 110% unrelated 3rd party service and were time-gated, unlike amiibos? /s

As for Twilight Princess amiibo-locked dungeon - yes people are going to defend it. Myself included. Why? Because amiibo required to unlock it is bundled with the game. I'm not even sure you can buy a NEW Twilight Princess for WiiU without Wolf Link amiibo. And if you bought it pre-owned without amiibo - well, that;s your goddamn fault that you're going to miss out on a dungeon. It's just like with DLC code being bundled in with the game, only unlike code - this one is reusable.

And with Splatoon amiibos - bought mine from Japan long after game was out. If there was shortage of them in the US - well, maybe people should've looked for a solution \*cough\* ordered them online \*cough\* instead of bitching...
Many of project i worked on had support for both MySQL and PostgreSQL as requirement. In some cases also Oracle and H2 in file for "demo mode". And i must tell you, having to test every query for 4 dbs and have switches which query to use in every second db operation is not fun. And maintainability was a nightmare. Hibernate with its slight performance tradeoff was a godsend
Yes, classes with strict types and defined property names, rather than, for example, Map<String, Object> where you have to pass names of columns as strings and keep in mind what type of data is stored in each element
Thank you, i haven't even heard of this software
So... You focus on writing queries for specific engines by hand rather than using an cross-database organic language elements and avoid and behind the scenes work to do that instead?
If i got $1 every time they lied about it - i would be able to retire by now.
Clearly they are just going to hit the magic age of 18 and suddenly transform into a fully mature and developed adult magically. /s
I think that just straight up separating players for age is a very bad idea in-general (let alone the fact that you're separating the userbase which is bad objectively, always). Plus this is pretty egoistic: "i don't wanna play with immature kids so lock them away from me!", ok, then what about mature kids who also don't want to play together with said immature players? Screw them? They are probably just going to quit and grow to resent the company who made such dumb system, and the publisher wouldn't want that. Also if you think that 20/30+ yo players are somehow more mature or competent then i recommend you do a reality check. Sure, maybe in some heavily moderated gated community/guild they are, but the again, this has to do with moderation and not age, but in the common public games majority of "adult" players are just as incompetent, immature and uncooperative as a bratty kid.

Of course there probably should be an algorithm favouring grouping similar (maturity-wise, or by some other criteria) players, i won't argue with that. And obviously if someone wants to create <18/>18 yo only server they should be allowed to, but i don't think game or devs have to have anything to do with that.
Competitive case toss? Anyone?
Yeah... The problem is that one of the characters is an oversexualised suspiciously human-looking tanned babe with massive breasts and cleavage, the other one is a loli. Guess which one majority of westerners liked (and which one they released their insecurities upon)
Don't worry, Dodger! Pearl is waifu!

Also thanks, PBG, now i know i'm not the only one who completely ignores animals in SW. I just don't get why you would get them over farming.
Which is exactly what he said.
Oh, so *that* is where you draw the "weird" line?
Wait, isn't Metal Gear of Duty just MGS 5's multiplayer sans stealth option?
Porting has nothing to do with the price of the PC version. Neither does transportation as they charge you for shipping.
Homebrew blocking?
As you naturally do.
...

Are you supposed to be eating the pikachu's blended and frozen brain out of it's carved open skull, or something?

I don't get the design.
Welp, now i know what happens if he grabs you without a seamoth... O_O
"Meh."
Pokket gets it. Jurassic Park was better.

Also gonna play the devil's advocate here and defend ARK's price increase. I think it's a normal or even a good thing to do with Early Access games. You came in when it was an in-dev buggy mess and supported devs financially and through bug reports and feedback - great, you get the game for half of its price. You came when game is finished and ready to be presented in its full glory? Ok, you have to pay full price. But obviously i'm not going to defend paid DLC in EA game or being released still with bugs, but then again, it's still released in a better state than most AAA $60 games (Nier) and at least devs are addressing the problems rather than say "fuck off" to consumers and make another paid DLC (Nier).
Nope. Not 2012 model, not with 8Gb. The only possible reason to get it in that config in 2017 is to use it as a media server console in your home. That's it, period.
With how utterly awful PSN servers are i wonder if Sony-coloured peasants will even notice if ISPs throttle the connection speed...
You people are awful.
Oh, i missed that part! By some reason i thought it had 80% resistance to all fire
But you'll take damage
Wit the caveat that you grind your arse off getting it to max level - yes, 100% resistance to fire. To the point where Husk could only damage you in melee and you could clear hordes of cloths surrounding you by tossing the molotov at your feet XD
... What is this madness?
I miss firebug being 100% immune to ANY fire damage in first KF...
Or maybe i just don't like the "hay, i'm too human and stand out like an eyesore compared to other characters and also i'm oversexualised as fuck" stereotypical characters?
Why do people like her? The other girl is so much better (cuter). Is it just a westerner thing?
She's a monster. 
Oh no, you did NOT just said "no" to the white-haired waifu!
That's some heavy duty toaster O_O
Separating "took to long to be good" from "i didn't like that game" is pretty hard (and a lot of people here seem to be failing at that), but i''ll try:

* EU4 and CK2. I know they are awesome, but tutorials are don't really tech you anything and figuring out the stuff by yourself through trial and error takes literally DAYS of real life time before you can get to that awesome part.
* Sekaiju no Meikyuu - strating lever of the dungeon is boring as all hell, but you need to grind for hours on end just to get your party strong enough to get through it and complete the first quest.
* Alien: Isolation. Game is bad. But it gets tolerable toward the end of the middle part and the late game. But to get to that you have to get through the slog of the beginning part (he-e-ello QTEs and literally NOTHING happening) and the awful middle part of sitting in some cupboard for 10min waiting for the shitty AI alien animatronic to decide to bugger off.
* Life is Strange. First episode is a goddamn disaster and has some of the worst dialog and character writing i had seen in a published video game. I heard it gets much better later on, but you had to have a Buddha level of tolerance (or be a dumb teenager) to get through the episode 1 of it.
* Overlord and Overlord 2. I actually managed to persevere through the first one until it got good, but after i saw that the second one follows the exact same formula, only stretched in time - i couldn't do it. Game just takes too long to give you your toys, and playing for hours with nothing but browns is anything but fun.
That literally takes 5-10min. That's happens almost an hour in after you have already played the first action stage. And it's a collectathon game like Banjo Kazooie. So you clearly just didn't like that game itself, not because it took to long to be good.
Couple "i don't say you're 120% wrong, but"s:

* Any bad (so 3 and forward) Fallout game. What you said in no way describes the real Fallout games (Or even Fallout tactics).
* Factorio doesn't get complicated unless you rush through the tech tree and become overwhelmed by constantly rising demand for complexity of production chain or  intentionally set up hard sandbox settings (where you're forced to rush). You are intended to take your time learning the ropes, that's precisely why there is a "biters don't attack unless provoked" setting.
* Witcher 3 has difficulty settings. Normal is for casual players or those weird people who don't do side quests, as you would indeed be so powerful that you can easily tackle enemies 10+ levels above you on normal. That's precisely why game has 2 more difficulty settings: hard ("normal" for actual gamers) and Death March which is challenging mo matter what gear you have and how many side quests you do.
* Prey's beginning section is not stellar by any means and is very much a product of shitty console game policy of incorporating tutorials into an unskippable prolonged intro sequence and assuming that player is a drooling moron who had never played a video game before. But the only actually bad part of it is the masturbatory helicopter flight sequence as it has NO purpose other than showing credits and "incredible" vistas while wasting 5min of player time on a glorified cutscene. As for the tests - those actually have a very important narrative reason (which game doesn't tell you about till the middle of a game - could've done better job here, true). But you want to see a truly abysmally bad intros? Play Skyrim or Human Revolution.
Kind of a off topic, but why would you ever ever EVER play System Shock 2 as a shooter?
I think you missed the point of a question - not the games you dislike in general, ones that take too good to be good. I don't remmeber about the Doukutsu Monogatari, but Undertale was awesome since about 3rd screen (so about 1min into the game). Now, if you didn't like the game itself - that's the hole other topic.
I did read it multiple times before replying just to make sure i'm not misunderstanding. And no matter how many times i read it all i get is that you think that player playing a game how they want to is wrong and they are not "having fun" as they are "supposed to" (by your very subjective opinion).
Ok, if player character isn't the one reading descriptions - then why does player see them at all? Then breaks the rules of a story with player having an avatar in world. Actually, what's even the point of having them attached to items then?

And they don't server exactly the same purpose - in BG they flesh out world details, while in Souls they *fill the holes* in the plot and world told by other means.

As for them being optional for storytelling in Souls - well, then Souls plot and narrative are more shallow than a dried up puddle. Because those item descriptions are the only source of any semblance of plot. Without them plot of, say, Dark Souls amounts to "everything is fucked, go ring two bells because of a prophecy or whatever, then go kill those 4 "lords" because they posses a part of mcguffin for reasons, then kill a king and light the flame cause it maybe will make things better but not really. The end". 
An alternative way to play. For people who prefer to play smart rather than brute forcing their way through the game. Because hacking/lockpicking forces you to choose between them and offensive skills it makes player character weaker but giving great rewards in its stead. One thing i do dislike about those things in modern games are goddamn awful annoying mini games that are often forced onto them. Looking at you, Bethesda games.
* 1st step is obvious and IS required - drop console and controller support. 
* Drop any "sticking" to the cover, make it behave the old fashioned way - you can physically stand behind it, but it protects you as much as physics allow it.
* Make cover easily destroyable
* Give player mobility. Bunnyhopping and double jump were there for a reason.
* Make it so enemies force player to move around (like giving them predictable AoE attacks)
* Reward player for consecutive kills and multi-kills. Preferably in the way that gives them even more incentive to be aggressive - like giving them health steal, invulnerability, infinite ammo or an increased damage on combo. At worst make enemies explode into blood and gore if your combo is high.
* Make enemies easy to kill if player is aggressive - like putting a weak spot on their back (which cowardly player would never see while hiding in a cover as enemy would always face them)
* Give player very powerful but short ranged weapons forcing them getting very close and personal with enemies.

Same thing with the old school shooters (before the peasant ones with regenerating health and shields) - you had limited amount of resources to use so if you accidentally wasted them by playing sub-optimally you might as well reset now instead of wasting time trying to persevere. That's how those games were designed to be played - trial and error via the saving often.
> When given a choice of how to play a game, the manner that a player chooses is not always the one that will give them the most fun.

In other words - "you're not allowed to have fun your way. Only my way is the proper way to have fun"
Absolutely for. Because a) games like to use RNG to mess up the situation you're in, b) game lock you out of content based on your "choice". Both of those are fine on itself, but when combined they very often lead to extreme amount of frustration. Hence save scumming.

Another reason is because i hate wasting time. So if some event or encounter ended in a situation that would lead to guaranteed game over half an hour later i would rather reload right now and play it to the good outcome than waste this half an hour playing the game "properly" and then loosing and still loading the same save.
I would say that it's more than fair comparison. BG and other good older RPGs were all about storytelling text, as they were heavily influenced by tabletop RPGs. Every dialog, especially with companions or main quest related was worthy of a short story, every in game book had actual pages of content for player to read. Examining many things in world would blurp paragraphs of description at you. So having same treatment for items just felt natural. And it could've been justfied in-universe as told you by companions or someone else (or even as you knowing that) as literally *everyone* in those worlds was a lore expert and was willing to speak for hours.

In Souls, however, you're alone in a desolate world filled with nothing but bloodthirsty corpses, beasts and possibly insane bastards spouting disjointed lines of cryptic nonsense on loop. There is no justification why reading description of an item would give you a life story of some ancient blacksmith or a knight.
Don't move. Fleshpound can't see you if you don't move! Ah, no, wait, i was thinking of the T-Rex - you're totally screwed.
He sure is. Basically encapsulates the whole Prime's fetish of wasting player's time. "Here, you can shoot him for about 2 seconds dealing about 5% of damage to him. Oops, now he's immune to damage for the next minute - good luck with your half an hour boss fight~"
One of the worst boss fights i've ever played. Not the most difficult or anything, just the worst.
It's not a multiplayer game so what's the point asking about the plasyerbase?
Get out...
Not if you buy complete/definitive/goty/etc edition while already owning the original game while the x edition one goes as a separate entity.
Literally happened to me this sale. Bought a complete edition of a game i already owned with all DLCs...
WHITE FUCKING PALACE. NUFF SAID.
Wait, you can resize them? You can move them?! How??
You're already carrying a way better spying device in your pocket at all times, so stop bitching.
Happens all the time. Honestly, what is with people welding doors without any need?
Bring Blobs Back.
You have a point there.
My "deal" is that you're acting like morons by calling it "free" to try and justify your own mistakes.
But they are still not free. And MP being not free for games you've already paid for is a whole other topic i don't even want to touch because peasants get way too defensive about it.
That's not a compliment
Huh, so real life has exploits too...
I might be a bit out of the loop here, but why buy My Book Duo instead of just HDDs and some big multi slot NAS?
It's not free if it requires a paid subscription.
"Free", lol
Or you can just install a 3rd party ROM like AOSP and get better version of the vanilla Android and latest updates couple days after Pixel devices.
Why getting a PS4 version if you already have far superior PC version? o_o
I'm gonna be a stickler, but Ni no Kuni is a DS exclusive. Ni no Kuni: Wrath of the White Witch is a PS3 game.
Could've been worse. Steam recommended me Prey because i own BioShite rather than because i liked System Shock 1&2. I would never had bought it based on a terrible recommendation like that.
They aim at the general consumer, and general consumer only wants the shiniest newest most bombastic thing. And people who are smart enough to be able to appreciate game regardless of age are also smart enough to either be part of the community that could help them discover said older games or just straight up ask for suggestions.
> Certainly not making games or updating their platform.

Says he as he "complains" in a thread about brand new feature added about 2 months ago... >_>"
If i was a betting guy, i would say it's the "simulator" tag
Jokes aside, LEGO games are pretty funny and an also decent brainless brawler platformers with light puzzle elements
Not everything revolves around one specific murican carrier.
Well performing and either locked down and abusive (Apple) or bloatware infested UI mess (Samsung, Sony, pretty much any other big name Android phone maker)
A but off topic, but i *love* when a PC game (with much later console ports) has PC listed as 3rd platform. And listing a platform that it is not even on (yet). And also forgetting to mention Linux. ~~Good job~~ You're shite, IGN. =_=" 
Why though?
How's that a failure? Their sales has increased from 1% to 5%. But SMR is kinda awful - it's a bog standard runner but costs $10 so i see why not many people would bother buying it.
Currency value change for Russian Rubble happened more than 2 years ago and was stable since then. They had 0 reasons to do it now. Pretty sure none of the other currencies affected changed its value recently either.
Yep
Pretty sure you need to specifically state that you wish to save card data for Steam to save it.
Taking forward? That 2.5D style looks kind of like shite in the video. Hopefully it's just WIP graphics. Otherwise we're gonna get another Cave Story 3D...
I'm pretty sure pressing down twice is way faster than removing the finger form buttons, moving it to the touch screen, pressing on it and then moving finger back to the buttons. Just saying.
Rockstar did that shite for 2 years with GTA5, actually.
In their defence - Nintendo didn't made a Metroid game since 2004 then shuts down a fan project giving people the Metroid game they wanted. And then *promises* to give their own version of that game sometime in the future. It's understandable that some people would be fairly upset by that.
Playing cards are STILL significant enough revenue source for Nintendo to be on the chart?
With the original Nyaa going belly up what's the best place to get anime OSTs? Current Nyaa doesn't seem to get them uploaded to it anymore. I particularly liked the [Maid-chan] releases.
I think you're spectacularly failing to read my comment. It's not an orc like that. I too seen some overpowered orcs, but they were a piece of cake thanks to Arkham combat system. It's what game designated (very transparently so) to be my "nemesis". He did have some weaknesses in his first iteration, but lost them later. No amount of uncovering information about him would change that. Also he was very prone to just show up whenever i go against anyone else so running away wasn't an option if i intended to ever finish the main quest.

As for stories... Almost all orcs sound (and after 5-6 hours even look) the same after you encounter the 8-10 predefined orc archetypes. All their name are just gibberish on the level of the 80s rogue-likes (aka: cool sounding noun + of/the + optional adjective + noun). They were so generic that i had more "attachment" to adventurers in Elona than to any of them. The only one i can even remember was the one i described since he pretty much ruined any enjoyment i could've gotten out of the game.
Sproggiwood is the closest thing to rogue-like in this bundle. Though it is also more akin to a puzzle than a real rogue-like.
If we boycott it we might never get another good Metroid again, only Primes. So i see his point.
In their Defence - Vivec and Imperial City were ok for a video game cities.
Yeah, bu sadly it's a console version...
"We have to do some actual work porting it on Switch and those suckers will buy it on a different console anyway if we don't bring it to Switch"
> But Win10 MC is not Java-MC (which is "PC Minecraft").
You don't need to keep repeating that, i knew it already =_=

So it IS that bad, huh... Welp, playing it in 4k is definitely a killer feature XBoneX and Win10 need.
Well, then *maybe* the system could use a little bit (like in a "hella fucking lot") of subtlety in how this was executed and at least try to obfuscate its inner workings. 

Also a twist? You call that a TWIST?! You know what also a twist? When an intro to an extremely cheesy and tropey game mentions that the Big Bad can only be defeated by a chosen one and, surprise, you are revealed to be one in the end game. After you saw your literal name written in the prophecy and was shown your character defeating the Big Bad in at least a double vision spreaded through the game. That's how much of a *twist* that was. Was that sarcastic enough? I'm not sure i properly conveyed how much sarcasm i put into the word *twist* every time i typed it in.

Also yeah, i guess expecting a system (promoted like a second coming of Christ) for a AAA $60 video game to not suck and do better than an algorithm i could write in a notepad during a lunch break is bad expectation. Got it.
... Do you know how to read? Or do i need to spell it out for you? He lost all of his vulnerabilities and gained immunity to EVERYTHING! You know how certain orc captains have immunity to arrows OR finishers OR whatever else? He had all of that, combined. Gee, is it that hard to understand?

Well, lucky you, i guess.
Yes, it was so incredible to spend 10min killing an overpowered orc immune to literally everything but the most basic blade slash that does less than 1% of his health in damage only to think meanwhile "gee, i wonder how much time till he comes back and i have to do this crap again, since game decided that he can't die..."

And yes, it was lazy since game did not let me kill him even when i figured this transparent system out. Because no one bothered to program in a route for that. And it was extremely predictable, i fail to see how can you say that it wasn't.
It seemed like an amazing game changing idea to me too. Right until i actually experienced it.

Yeah, but even Win10 MC is still has at least survival and infinite worlds, right? It's can't be *that* much of a step backwards, right?
Same. I couldn't stomach the writing, especially the dialog, and had to drop it in the middle of the first act. It was so bad that instead of going the campy "it's so bad it's actually good" it went full circle and was so bad it was actually awful.
And then there is also the fact that nothing you do in the entire game matters and in the end you get a choice of the same 2 bad options for ending...
Yes, because GTA Online is shite and people are having way more fun playing offline with mods instead of being milked for cash online.
Yes, and having a game on Steam sit on mostly negative will certainly help them sell their future games on PC.
Oh no, who would've seen that coming...
To be fair, i don't get all the excitement over the new Mordor game. Nemesis system was awful. It was so transparent blunt and gamey that it legitimately made me look for an off toggle in the settings.

My experience with the system was more or less like this: One of the orcs i went after was (without any indication of that or any reason behind it) about 3-4 times stronger than all of the others i've killed combined, so he completely murdered me and got a promotion. An hour or so later when i become a lot tougher i murdered his arse and thought i was done. Only for him to pop up again some time later. I heard that orcs sometimes survive if their head wasn't cut off in animation, so i didn't pay it any mind and just murdered him again (noticing how he got couple more strengths and shredded some weaknesses). Then he came again when i was killing another orc, and he was once again even stronger. And murdered me. Then i killed him when he ambushed me once again. And even though i beheaded his buddy, conspicuously and predictably he got "killed" with a normal animation. Then he just kept coming back over and over and over, gaining strong points and losing every single weaknesses in the process (making engaging him a slog because he was immune to any finishers and special moves and had about 95% parry/block rate and completely ruining any fun i had exploiting weaknesses like bees, fires, wargs, etc). At this point i got used to him and begun to think he will be a last boss or something. And lo and behold, right before the end boss he shows up as a leader of the toughest most badass oc force of Mordor sent to stop me. Oh noes, who would've seen that twist coming... Oh, right, every person older than 8 who had read more than a single book in their live had seen that coming since act 1. It was so forced, lazy and predictable that it made me visibly cringe. And this is why i don't get why people are excited about this piece of shite gamey system making a return.

**Switching topics** - Minecraft cross play? Does anyone know how this is supposed to work? On PC you have infinite worlds, peasant version have medium sized finite worlds and mobile versions only have tiny worlds. Hell, i'm not even sure mobile versions have survival. Does that mean cross-play will default to the loves common denominator when it comes to features and content?
Not sure i like how Area 4 is looking in the SR...
E3 is a shit show. At least someone is acknowledging this and is having fun. Way to go, DD!!
Well, PC is technically not a console, so i guess XBoneX is technically the most powerful "console".
Well, they did announce another piece of Prime game so i was only half wrong.
Yes, a good Metroid game! Finally! After all those years since Zero Mission!
Yes! A good Metroid game for a change! Nintendo almost got me scared there!
A-and this answers my rhetoric question. Bravo, modding scene
Of course, because you're permanently invaded, including times when you don't have any humanity and had turned offline mode on.
f course, because that crap is exactly what we wanted... https://www.reddit.com/r/emulation/comments/6g3ho1/i_would_buy_roms_if_they_sold_they_sold_them/diogjf1/
I would buy ROMs if they would sell them cheaply. I have no interest in buying a Steam-locked glorified emulator with built-in ROM pack in which i have no say over what is included.
Right, great example. Because id Software clearly owned PS3 and/or X360.
Could be worse. From made 5 games in the last 8 years and they STILL don't know how to code in a pause.
Bendy being relatively unknown? Gav, what world do you live in? It was all over media when the first episode came out. Well, social media at least. Also it is not free in any way. Its first (about 10min long) "episode" is indeed free, however the rest of the episodes are being *sold* as DLCs
Fuck Summer.
Fucking Summer ruined everything and the planet with her boobs!
How is that relevant? I don't see the front in the photo.
Kinda tempted to check if there is already a mod version of it with more content on the workshop XD
May be so, yet building still looks way more rundown than even most rural towns in Eastern Europe.
Rude. Though it does look like that... It looks like the facade didn't have any maintenance done in the last century.
Lawsuit incoming in 3.. 2.. 1..
Of course. They are the (terrible) trend setter. This thinness trend is also their fault.
Yes, and whose fault is that?
Yea, they also cost way, WAY more than any other PC, let alone ones of a comparable performance level
Like what?
Hey, at least it's not porn...
Quoting DBZA's Vegeta: "Never in my life have i needed something so badly and didn't knew until i received it."
I need to merge dev or master into my branch to get up to date code i require -> i can't do that since GitHub doesn't work -> i  can't work on this issue -> i can't work on any other issue since issue tracker is also on GitHub -> i literally can't do ANYTHING.

Something like that.
So, is it relevant or is it only on consoles?
Logo is literally "X" and is a part of XBone branding. They might want to make it sound like it isn't, but it's an "XBone" logo and will stay it no matter what PR nonsense they try to give to the idio-... "uninformed consumers".

Your comment is the one not making sense since Microsoft has a completely separate logo. As does Windows. As does XBone, which just happens to be the logo shown in the trailer with the word "exclusive". On Steam. Maybe you should use your head before trying to accuse other people of things?

Yes, putting a game on "PC" by the way of a mobile app store that makes game run like an app rather than a win32 application is not a real progress. Caving in and putting said game on Steam after more than a year after its release after all their previous scummy attempts at "exclusivity" have failed miserably is not a real progress.
Yeah, still a logo of a completely different platform. On Steam game.
Also not "PC", but that shitty appStore Microsoft tries to push.
We're not "out of the loop", we just haven't seen any real progress on that. *Real* progress.
I feel like a man dying from thirst watching another man drown...
I say "closest". Why waste precious time?
Couple hours of either first or the second one. Neat and interesting gameplay, mediocre story and characters. Overall - a fun sandbox to play in.
That's XBone logo, not Microsoft's.
Gameplay sucks, performance sucks, story is on the same level as B-grade TV serieses...
Wait... You can get to lava zone NOT through the north entrance??
"Apple" and "free" in one sentence? Are they really that desperate to get new devs on board?
It's easier to find thing you want from Google Play through Google's search rather than through Google Play's own search. That's ironic.
What's so bad about it? I mean, new material-esque one does suck, but the previous one was great (if you install custom style to make it dark and not hurt eyes so much...) and useful. Unlike the mobile app...
You forgot one: language-locking their games on Steam.
Implying companies like that listen to users feedback...
I can't say i love Oblivion, i can't even say that i like it... But it's a decent game. A product of its time. I t has enough in it from Morrowind to still be a good game, unlike Skyrim. And unlike Morrowind it has actual stealth and physics, so there is that. But it is not exactly well optimised (bloody Skyrim works better on my monster of a PC than Oblivion does). Plus you can fix *some* of the issues with the game with mods and it has some rather decent beautify and content mods, so it's worth a try. Overall i would say it's worth a gander.

And Shivering Isles is great. Not the best DLC ever, but the best one in TES series, that's for sure. 

Also install alternative leveling system. One single thing that was bad about Morrowind and that Oblivion inherited is the arcane ass-backwards leveling system.

Also do yourself a favour and play the Dark Brotherhood quest line, By far the best quest line in the entirety of TES (outside of aforementioned Shivering Isles). Thieves Guild is nice too. Really puts in perspective how utterly rubbish Skyrim's quests are...

But that all refers to it on PC. On console it's a piece of shite, even worse than Skyrim.
> If a game developer allowed 100% choice and the player character just killed everyone you’d end up with no story (as the player character killed all the story characters).

And? It was actually done before and to a great success, in Morrowind. And if you did kill someone who was still important to the MQ making it impossible to complete the game would just tell you that, like "Good going, stupid. Now go have fun wandering in the empty shell of our world you've created with your actions". And it's totally fine. If anything, it's a good thing.

> Additionally if you were to build a game with 100% choice “where everything matters” it would probably require the developers to build multiple story campaigns to cater for all the different story paths.

Or to stop giving player a "choice" (lol, choice...) every 5 second and actually think about when and where to give player ability to chose something? Hell, give players a single choice if that's all you can afford to without sacrificing the quality of the game, but make it matter! Be Wolfenstein: New Order, not Mass Effect.

> Ultimately when it comes to RPGS, there’s always a single story campaign and the developers have built that storyline to flow in a particular way.

You raise toR as an example and i raise the great KotOR 2 as a counter example. Sure, you're still going to end up in the same places at the same point in the story, but actual event will completely change depending on your prior choices and overall play style. Sure, Kreia will betray you no matter what, but her reasoning will be completely different, as are the circumstances and the outcome of the plot.

> Whenever I’m playing an RPG where the player controls a pre-defined character (e.g. Tidus in FFX) I often find myself don’t requiring dialogue options or choice as the main character already has a rich backstory. 

Everyone seen that coming, but... Witcher games. Geralt is a well defined character with a backstory richer than any other in gaming (how many books were there about him, again?). Yet that doesn't stop all Witcher games from having plentiful of meaningful choices with lasting consequences. Heckm, in the first one your choices reshaped game world in pretty major ways and the second one had its 2nd act (the biggest one out of the 3) completely change depending on your choice in the 1st act.
I dislike working with animals in SV os why would my fields be empty? Also bath is far away and requires a lot of time to regain stamina. I could empty my stamina, refill it completely with food, empty it again, refill again, repeat it 2-3 more times in the same amount of time it would take me to get from the farm to bath, refill stamina there once and get back, even on a horseback.
Wasn't the dragon girl from Monmusu lesbian and after Miia rather than the protagonist?
In their defense, it's kinda hard to like comic's stories and especially tropes if you're not a huge comic otaku.
They did Dragonball Evolution and Transformers after the 3rd one. If they survived that - no movie can break them. Also Flashpoint is a fairly decent movie, or so i was told by couple people who do like american superheroes.
> some sins were kinda silly

After hearing "this scene doesn't contain a lap dance" sin 2 times in the very first their video i ever watched i stopped caring about such minute details as "silly" sins.
They stated many times that they "judge" movies ignoring any non-movie content that might be attached to it. I think that this is a fair way of doing this, honestly.
I feel like they have a bone to pick with less than stellar superhero movies as a class.
Hire developers that started coding more than 4-5 years ago. Of course children would think that everything is always connected to everything. Or did you actually encountered "old school" devs with that kind of mentality?
Only remaining characters are Fafnir and Iruru, and neither of them are even remotely similar to Suu...
Tooru wants to make love to Kobayashi and attempts to do it on every opportunity. Especially that one time Iruru gave Kobayashi a dick... Kanna almost screwed Saikawa. And Lucoa's attempts at seducing/fucking Shouta are almost as constant as Tooru's. So...
Well, one is a harem and other is a heartwarming family story, so... nope.
Then it's (one in the post) is an objectively wrong argument since framerate is not part of the content of a game (as a work of media or art) and is a very well measurable aspect of it, completely independent of the said content.
> Being an alien from *** raised on Earth Having superpowers derived from the ***. Wanting to protect the innocent.

Describes literally every 3rd hero in Marvel/DC.
Framerate is an objective fact, not fiction.
> is Fallout 3 **STILL** a "must-play" in your opinion?

Never was one in the first place. Sure, if you think you would like a game like that and don't give a flying fuck about Fallout - play F3 or F4 or F: New Vegas.
What a smart man can achieve when priorities are in order.
If you strip Superman of everything that makes him Superman - is it still a "Superman game"?
No, my point is that since it's Gamestop i bet they are not selling the PC physical copies of Morrowind and xbox version of Morrowind is rubbish.
And there was i eating every piece of food i came across just to be able to finish working my fields...
In which universe this is a thing?
Well... When you need it to be an "object". As in to have some data/logic encapsulated and isolated inside of it rather than all guts of it just being spilled into the global context, or when your singleton need to be stateful.
"God is dead and we killed him" indeed...
Because it's kinda crap on the Xbox?
Wait, Gamestop..? Are they selling the console copies of MORROWIND of all things?? XD
You could've taught her and bonded over that.
Yep. Very much so. ORM is great for manipulating data as object, but when you want to do something like a complicated report that borrows from 5-8 tables with complex joins... Yeah, difference in performance between ORM and a well-written query is staggering.

Also prototyping. It's often easier to prototype and iterate on raw SQL than on an object model.
Yet no one rewrites the media itself to cut out exposition dialogue, narration and info dumps. Then why is it ok to butcher translation for that purpose?
Yes? If you exclude generated quests and quest that you're locked out of because of your character/plot choices - yes, they are poorly designed if they aren't designed to be 100%.
Not at all. Since i only hate terribly bad video games.
Wow, thank god i don't live in Murica. Unlimited 100/100 FttB for the equivalent of $10/month
... Do you not?
Just US things
Pouty mouth, teary eyes, kissable forehead... So adorable <3
Please no. For the sake of everything that is good - no. Fuck Prime. Fuck Other M. Fuck everything about 3D "Metroids". Give us Metroid 5 instead!
That would be great. 
Bloody hell...
I'm actually curious why "professional" (lol) translation works prefer to completely ruin something rather than leaving it as is and adding an explanation note? What's the logic behind it? Those notes allow people to peek into foreign culture and learn some interesting tidbits (they are what got me interested in Japanese culture to begin with, especially in how much information is conveyed through simple stuff like which honorifics, form of "I" and sentence-ending word is used).
They are horrible. They make me think of ICQ and it's horrible emojis...
Bring Blobs Back.
It only runs smoothly if you install Durante's mod, otherwise it's locked to 30 and dips (HOW?!) occasionally even on PC.

Level design =/= good level geometry. DS in it's entirety is a great design-wise. It's the implementation that sucks. I was in love with DS from the moment i heard about it and right to the moment i actually experienced it and saw for myself how much different design and reality are...
1. Saying that DS PC port wasn't great is like saying that shite tastes palletable. It was a goddamn disaster. But even port aside, have you actually played it on console? PC port is godly compared to that whole mess. Especially the aforementioned BlightTown. I mean, consoles are rubbish in terms of being a gaming devices, but even they don't usually go in the single digits FPS (sic!) in games, especially when there is no action on the screen. Skyrim actually looks kinda good compared to it....

2. Not everyone - i hate Skyrim, it being a bloody mes of bugs being one of the reasons.

3. I played and refunded DS3. In 1 hour i managed to get hit by an enemy rolling past me, cause DS hitboxes are shite and get irreversibly stuck on the terrain in between a wall and some rubble. Oh, also it hardcrashed (as in not just game - the entire system!) my PC reliably on the exact same spot right after the first boss. And i got the game 2 weeks after launch, so it wasn't 1.0 or anything. So tell me how we shouldn't compare the level of polish between the two...
Excusing bad design decisions and scummy monetisation practices by saying that it's players who are going in with the wrong mindset? Wow, that's a whole new level of peasantry...
Because assistants like that on the desktop device are useless and only take up resources?
Love this game. It's between it and Super for the title of the best Metroid game for me.
Well, unlike Dark Souls, Hollow Knight is well made, polished and optimised, so no, it is not. And compared to the verticality of the right part of the map and the bullshit that is White Palace, Deepnest is fairly ok.
59:30 "The technology, wow...". Oh my god, i love-love-love TB when he's sarcastic! I feel like we're not telling him this enough~
I kinda get that - Skyrim's vanilla armours and clothing look boring and generic as all hell, so i absolutely get the desire to have something that's simple yet fashionable. And Witcher gear fits that description perfectly.
Skyrim and Kinect Adventures are on the list? That's sad. Also i wonder if GTA5 is that high on the list because of it's own merit or because Rockstar, being the scumbags they are, effectively sold the game 3 times over to the same people?
Off topic, but: is it just me or does your gear looks like something that belongs in Witcher rather than in TES?
> I feel almost every character should be player sexual unless the game is historical fiction or there is some other setting/character arc that calls for strict sexual behavior.

"I feel like every enemy should have 50% weakness to magic if player chooses the mage class and be born nearsighted and deaf if they choose an assassin". Yes, that's a hyperbole but it's pretty much exactly the kind of statement you make. Game shouldn't cater to the player - it should have it's own consistent rules. If game is some kind of LGBT fantasy set in a world where every creature is accepting of any other creature regardless of their traits and preferences and "hate" is not a concept - sure, let every character be bi for the sake of it, however if it isn't then this will do nothing other than hurt the game experience.

> Any character defined by their sexuality outside of that is a shit character in the first place.

First, any non-comical character dined by a single trait is bad character. That's the basics of the character design. But what you're saying is that any character **with** defined sexuality is a shit character, which is objectively wrong. I'm not even going to bother explaining why since it should be obvious.

> There is nothing interesting about being locked out of content to make a game more realistic.

So let's just NOT put any gender/race/sexuality/nation/class-profession/etc specific content in the game because it will not be experienced by some players because of their choices? Let's make every game as bland,  generic and soulless as, say, Skyrim?

> 90% of the time a character could be bisexual and it wouldn't change a single thing.

So you thing that sexual preference is something so pintless and insignificant that in 90% of cases it can be removed and NOTHING will change about a person? Well, i rest my case then...
> But then maybe it's the case that if you pick a male character, on that play through these characters are gay. If you pick a female character, then for that play through they're straight.

This is just silly. Them all being bisectual is also silly, but it's still more realistic than half of the characters suddenly 180-ing their sexual preferences to match the gender of the player.

> You might say it's absurd that all the available guys in a town are gay, and you'd probably be right. People who identify as being LGBT are a small minority, but in that case the complaint should be regarding the number of LGBT characters.

Another absurd thing being the coincidence that (almost) every single gay character happened to be single. And that (almost) no other characters in that whole world are gay, other than ones you can romance.
This is especially comical if game has world with little (or even zero) bi or gay characters, other than the love interests of the protagonist and possibly the protagonist themselves.

Like aforementioned Stardew Valley - not a single person in that town is gay or bi yet every single marriage candidate seems to be conveniently bi.
I'm curious, what does "to some extent, bisexual" mean? Does it mean to extent that they can recognize that gender other than the one they prefer can have sexual appeal to someone? Because if it means that they can actually go on with relationships with either gender i will have to call bullshit on that research...
I used to get 3-4 group invites daily when my account was 5-6yo. Now - not a single one in the last 2 years
With all of those Steam sales i'll get diluted by "i'm just gonna run it for 2 hours for cards" and "let's try this game for a bit... Cool, i'll get back to it later" to the point where most 60-80h games will have average of 3-4 hours.
1. I don't. *Didn't, until you mentioned it. Now i did, since you're blatantly lying about the game, which is something i consider irrelevant to the game and discussion, hence downvote.
2. [This](http://imgur.com/a/2MY3E) tells me you're lying once again
3. Are you really that petty to downvote me after falsely accusing me of doing that?
4. I'm not even going to ask about you suddenly gaining exact amount of upvotes on each of your comments in this thread conspicuously being the same.
Sorry, but i don't believe you. It's quite obvious that you're lying.

>Stealth games are about hiding in the shadows and memorizing patrols. The "stealth" in MotN is bare bones and shallow and isn't the focus of the game.

If you had at least bothered to finish the tutorial level you would've seen that MotN has both of those and not just hiding behind items in the foreground which is used mabe twice in the level at most, as opposed to hiding in shadows, destroying light sources and distracting guards which you do though the entire level.

Also in a handful of hours (unless you're absolutely atrociously bad at stealth games) you would've already killed your first target and getting to him through the entire building is one of the best stealth challenges in gaming. So, once again, either you're lying about spending ANY time with the game or you simply don't like stealth games yet pretend you do for some reason.
Well, it's obviously not on Deus Ex level of complexity (as long as we're talking about real Deus Ex), maybe not even on Splinter Cell level, but it's close. Far more complex than MGS though (as long as we're talking mechanics and not narrative). And considering it's a 2D game it allows for far more slick and complex "puzzles" than any of those games. And it unlike all of those it encourages pure stealth as you actually die in pretty much one hit so engaging in combat is not an option.
So, have you actually played longer than first 5min of a very first tutorial/prologue level? Because you do all of this and more. 
"Mark of the Ninja is the best stealth game for people that **really** like stealth games.".

What exactly did you not like about it and what other "stealth" games did you like?
Well, it's more of a tactics game with stealth elements, rather than actual stealth game
Short answer: It doesn't. It's like comparing Bubsy 3D with Mario Galaxy.

"Long" answer: AC Chronicles feel like a quazi-stealth junk fest compared to the slick pure-stealth masterpiece of MotN.
Oh noes, who would've seen that coming...
Which is a perfectly normal reaction. Have you seen what so called "community" on the internet does to anyone who dares to disagree with a popular opinion? Even if that opinion is wrong?
Why? I can only get my subjective answer but for me it didn't go down other than during Steam Sale EVER. Like, actually never ever seen Steam down, and i'm an avid gamer. That might be a reason why.
Way more relevant that some Netflix show.
My stance is: if there is no **convenient** way of getting the game - pirating is a-ok.
Then you should clean your rose coloured glasses. QTEs is the thing you keep constantly and exclusively doing for the first hour of the game, way before you even encounter the xenomorph. Did you just conveniently blacked out on the whole power up generator, open dozens of doors with the tool that by some reason requires QTE to use, etc?
Is it done by Murican company? If so then you know the answer.
This was a mistake. Calling it now. *Need to save permalink to this comment for future "i told you so"s...*
Well, as long as your dream sequel involved constant QTEs and nonsensical random dickish "AI"... This game has nothing, **nothing** good in it other than the visuals and sounds. That might have had sufficed for a movie, but not for a game.
Well, i mean, peasants are going to buy them, "so why not?" /s

*p.s. "/s" was only referring to the last part*
Ri-ight, because review in big publication gets posted the moment reviewer types in the last period in it, not after it goes through editors, gets scheduled, etc.
Playing the Devil's advocate here - they didn't have time for that, thanks to Bethesda's shitty new review policy. Doing what you've described would've taken days and if they actually waited that long game would've been out and their review would've missed the mark then it was most relevant.
It's true. Though in this case, ifaik we're talking about a crash when loading a save, which is far less system dependent than a performance issue would be, and actually says that QA on PC was negligent at best. Games DO NOT crash when loading a save unless there is some serious logic issue.
And that's the issue a lot of people mentioning - Metacritic doesn't update scores. So even if IGN changes the score people who (by some reason) care about Metacritic will still see low score for it.
Wait, did TB ever gave scores? He noted multiple times that one game or another got fixed and isn't unplayable shite anymore, that he did.
Wasn't IGN notorious for giving high scores to games in popular franchises/by popular devs to pander to their audiences rather than just giving high scores to every game?
No, that's just brilliant. You people are all crazy.

* Windows user reaction: "WE'RE ALL GONNA DIE!!"
* Linux user reaction: "Hmm... I wonder if i can make it work under WINE?"
So you're advocating consumer ignorance and blame shifting?
Apparently majority of people think that it's Android's and Google's fault, not manufacturers. People are just weird like that.
Let's also map it to a different letter 'cause why not?
Pre-etty sure that if the Path is now equals "gaming" Geralt would be playing on PC.
Ok, i have to call bs on that whole article. I can suspend my disbelief and common sense and agree that she might have been forced into erotic photoshoot by the contract mentioning nudity. But i'm pretty sure you can't sneak in acting in a pornography into a contract for the modeling work. And if it wasn't in a contract then she is free to just walk off. How exactly were they "forced" to do it? Physically? Then that's rape and they should've called the police. Mentally? Sorry, but it's like saying that you were forced to buy something because salesman just kept talking and you felt bad to just say "no" to them.
Because Daggerfall was, for all intents and purposes, a pseudo-realtime roguelike and making one of those takes bloody forever and it's also a tough sell since roguelikes are such a niche genre? And there are games like that, absolutely - but among roguelikes which is a niche genre rarely being talked about when it comes to indies. I mean, have you heard of Elona? It's basically everything you described and more, while also being more traditional in terms of perspective (top-down) and mechanics (turn-based).
Does Netflix really want people to pirate that badly?
Absolutely. Case and point - retar-... "people" playing Deus Ex as an FPS and saying it's a terrible game.

Normally with the questions like those i would consider both possibilities, but this one is just too obvious.
I didn't meant the rhythmic combat specifically. I meant in general: necessity to chose fighting style depending on type and amount of opponents and risks you're willing to take, having to drink potions before the encounter for long term effects rather than using them like a generic RPG potions, etc.
I loved it though. Well, other than the fact that it was made on the NWN2 engine that was not by any extent intended to be used for action games. Combat in Witcher actually made you think tactically rather than just slash away as it was in Witcher 2.
Ok, now you know one. Why the fuc would i own PC and an inferior PC?
*only Tamriel that matters.
Fluffy ones you can use as rugs, others - not so much.
It doesn't flicker for me - it just inverts the theme state. Dammit, YouTube - you had ONE job!
For new ones you're probably better off using Shana anyway
A lot of them, but out of recently *played*: Flitnthook, Pillars of Eternity, Witcher 3, Prey, Nier Automata, Bayonetta, Gunvolt, System Shock 2.
Oh, i can write a multi page list of them. But the most "outrageous" would be: BioShock, Last of Us, Uncharted, Dark Souls, Skyrim, Fallout 3/NV, Metroid Prime, Mass Effect, GTA V (ok, this one wasn't terrible like the rest of the list - it was very good, but not even close to the stellar masterpiece as it was made out to be), WoW, Rocket League, Human Revolution, Ori and the Blind Forest, *New* XCOM, Witcher 2 (specifically 2nd, loved the 1st and 3rd, but 2nd was just "ok"), Spelunky, Dead Space, Aliens: Isolation, Horizon Zero Dawn. Actually, i think i can go through the top games for PC and will have at least one huge disappointment for every 20 games listed.
Welp, time to start saving.
If you are not playing it then you shouldn't care about current issues. Devs mail any major update via the newsletter if you're interested in development progress. 
But at the same time i doubt grandma has much information to steal. Enthusiasts use custom roms. And the rest would rather get a popular device from a promoted brand name rather than trying to find a device with most bang for the buck.
Somehow i doubt there will be any change in bands. Global versions of Xiaomi phones already have pretty wide range of supported bands so it's probably just that.
Are you sure you get different bands and it's not that either original or global version of the phone just has bands compatible with your carriers?
White hair! And finally clothes that actually look decent!! Damn, i'm getting genuinely excited for Splatoon! Finally i would be able to wear something other than Ika Musume cosplay!
Welp, i got my Note 4X for $190 from China directly, so i'm pretty sure someone is getting shafted in this situation...
I wouldn't bet on it. A good photo-processing on a budget $200 phone already bloated with functionality? Not a chance.
My Note 4 is very durable, i had the bad luck to test that multiple time since getting it. As for software... Yep, MiUI is shite that's why i immediately installed custom rom, thanks to XDA's big assortment of those
You sure it was sold officially? Could be that some retailer just bought some of them out of their own accord.
Or you could just install a custom ROM like literally everyone who buys their phones.
Xiaomi's? "Xiaomi".
Well, they cost about $100 more from Mexican retailers than if you bought them online directly from China (with free shipping, mind you). So i'm not sure about that.
Ok, then how do you suggest people name topics specifically about something you consider a spoiler? Something like "[SPOILER!!111] That thing about the thing in that one biome"? Cause, you know, mentioning the thing or a biome is a horrible spoiler.
Ok, then WHY exactly are you subscribed to a discussion about the game if you have not played it AND are afraid of spoilers?
I have a better suggestion - don't read this subreddit until you're done with the game. Ffs, it's not a story driven game and this is a subreddit to discuss it. What exactly do you suggest: topics with titles like "[SPOILER!!111] That thing about the thing in that one biome"? Where everyone who isn't a little *** afraid of spoiler would have to open it and read what it is actually about instead of seeing it at a glance. Or maybe to straight up not discuss anything and just fill subreddit with the base builds screenshots?
Bayonetta 1/2. Easily.
Just checked couple Japanese online stores and they have them. Also didn't hear anything about brick&mortar stores there having any shortages. Curious you mention France, since my friend there said he seen them in stores there
I was under the impression that this change only affects items added to inventory AFTER the change was applied.
While i appreciate the topic, those are all hardware. Please consult the dictionary next time you want to write title like that.
Ok, so is there a real shortage of Switches or is it just a Murica thing? Because i can't find any evidence that this happens ANYWHERE in the world other than in US. OR are they just saying it as a joke now?
I've just other day ranted about how every damn RPG nowadays seems to do this ludonarrative dissonance causing cliche.

Why can't every open world RPG have main quest structure like in, say, Morrowind - give you full 110% freedom in the first 2/3 of it and then make it seem urgent in the last third, when player has clearly done all the messing around and is willing to concentrate on the urgent world ending plot? Instead of opening up with the sense of urgency only to allow player to mess around for 100+ hours instead of saving the Ciri and by extension the world.
Nope. As long as i'll be forced to use iOS - the answer is "no", no matter how consumer oriented Apple will become in terms of hardware.
Calling SQL a "programming language" irks me the wrong way and makes me want to disregard an entire article just on that basis. What next, call HTML a programming language too?

Sure, SQL has elements of programming, namely functions and triggers, but usage of those is mere peanuts compared to simple queries which, no doubt, make 50.6% of that 50.8% usage.
Why are people always so obsessed with trying to convert a superior medium (animation, game, book) into an inferior one (live-action movie)?
Nope, just right amount of scales! Does anyone have the source?
Emphasis on the quotation marks.
Nah. Title said "cartoon universes".
What's bottom-left version?
Kinda. I've never EVER played a non-mage. Because why the hell would you play anything but mage? I've only played non mer or beast race once and am never going to do that again. I've never played any house other than Telvanni (cause Redoran suck and Hlaalu... Well, merchants vs mages is a pretty one-sided choice). 

I've ever only played guild of fighters twice (since it boring) and thieves only couple times since stealth in Morrowind is goddamn awful. And i have only played Bloodmoon content a handful of times since i hate nords (even before Skyrim came out) and other than Hircin related stuff i find it quite boring expansion, quest vise.

I actually even forgot that IL was a thing. I think i've ever even joined them once and am not sure if i finished the questline.

The answer is simple - why play the content that bores you? Morrowind is big and content rich, so why force yourself?
Only english-translated anime. That's like, 1% of what Nyaa and sukebei had. Least important percent, mind you.
Oh, come on. No one kills her on Dantooine. She's a powerful paw... I mean ally. Why would you throw her away?
Well, that's just how "Dark" side is done in *pretty much* every single game ever. You don't play some dashing rogue, anarchist or some other anti-hero - you're a dickhead who eats babies and kicks puppies for fun. I was wondering about this myself for quite a long time, but still have no idea why is it so.
Ah, that... right, the only part of Skyrim that was only half-bad.
Now that's a something i can get behind. Twin Lamps send their regards.
No it is not. Solstheim is part of Morrowind.
Screw nords, they've ruined Solstheim.
Damn, and it's about that time of a season when OST are getting released...
You mean sukebei? I'm more concerned about the front-facing one though...
"Don't shoot the messenger" and all that
Also they are probably likely definitely dead now.
Dunno what are you talking about - no ads in my Win7 :D
There are surprisingly competent and rational replies there.

1. If it's stated in his contract that he can't - he's clearly in the wrong.
2. If he falls behind the schedule because of this - he's in the wrong.
3. If he does adequate workload and still has free time to do his pet projects - it's a management problem. Raise his pay and give him more work.
I was excited when i learned you can upgrade the nail. But i didn't post that, because it's a common knowledge. Just like this. Well, of course you can access his mind with awakened dream nail - since you couldn't before because of the barrier. It's the kindergarten level puzzle.

The ONLY 2 ways you could have not known that are:

1. You're so disinterested in game that you've not hit him with the dream nail (which, for the record, is something anyone would have done - you're given a tool that can give info about the objects - of-bloody-curse any reasonable player would use it on EVERYTHING, especially on extremely conspicuous ancient husks in the semi-secret late game area!)
2. You haven't awoken the dream nail. In which case your opinion is invalid and you should feel bad for stating it.

There are no other options. Period.
I assume it's because majority of people weren't so absentminded and disinterested in the game as to miss something so obvious. As such they just ignored the thread (or left an upvote to the two comments saying that it's a common knowledge), which is what i also would've done if it wasn't for people like you attacking users who stated that fact.

> Your original comment was annoying, which is why I called you out in the first place.

You might want to check your head, because i think there is something seriously wrong with it. Or rephrase that sentence, because it doesn't make any sense.
If you haven't unlocked it then you had no business even being in this thread to begin with, hence his statement doesn't include you. You might as well have said "i haven't played the game so i didn't know about this. What about this, huh?"
So... Is this the same as giving her the ring, or..?
I would expand on this idea with the Stardew Valley. Basically the same idea, but less bland and monotone and with more "soul".
Yep. Was shocked when i found out that reminders from Assistant in Allo have nothing to do with the rest of the ecosystem and didn't show up in the reminder lists anywhere else. Still sore about that...
Yes, i did the "google the budget gaming PC build, order the parts listed" part. It was extremely complex and required an IT degree.
1. If you think that buying assembling a lego-esque set of components following a set of strict and specific instructions is a high barrier of entry... Then i rest my case. Guess i'm overestimating the competence and intelligence of an average console gamer. Just a quick side note - my 10yo brother (who has no interest in tinkering with hardware or any special knowledge) was able to assemble the PC we bought for him in couple hours following an online guide without any trouble, so...
2. Quite the opposite in my experience. Unless you're using a weird PC or are messing with the game (cheats, console, mods, trying to outsmart the game) or are running some weird intrusive software like antivirus or video capture - bugs are the same in both versions, only if bug is found on console version 2 weeks after release - no one bothers patching it, on PC someone will make a mod to fix it. That's the only difference. And obviously i don't count the "broken fucing piece of shite" game like anything Bethesda makes - i meant game that some care actually went into.
3. Once again, not true. You can just easily plug a controller into PC to get the same unit multiplayer if it's supported. And when its normal local or online multiplayer - PC has way more advantages since it has better server infrastructure (well, at least Steam) and has other exclusive things like dedicated servers, LAN games, etc. So if anything - PC is far more MP oriented than consoles.
5. Once again - bollocks. If you bought a PC with the same specs as the console to run your BS - it will run Infinite just as well as the console would (wich means piss poor, but still). PC requirement don't get raised for no arbitrary reason compared to console ones. If a console can run it - then the PC with similar specs can too. This is a simple math.
6. Oh yes, let's include the cases of intentional sabotage of PC versions in favor of console ones, that's a great illustration of how consoles are better than PCs. /s
Last koma is too real. This is the actual face of someone who had to deal with IT-illiterate people who think they know everything.
I can't even begin to describe all that's wrong with almost every single of those statements...

1. On /r/PCMR and in hundreds other places there are build that cost $400-500 that destroy consoles in terms of performance. So it's a questionable point at best...

2. Get your head out of early 90s' arse. Games on PC just work, unless you have some kind of Frankenstein's Monster type of PC. Or a Mac. Also on consoles they don't "just work" - they "just function" with no way of making them "work". Stop trying to make setting sound like something people have issue with.

3. Ri-ight, and that's the reason console games have been dropping split screen and other forms of single-unit multiplayer for the last 5-10 years - cause there are inherently more social? And unless they are children or Apple fanboys - they are far more likely to have PC than a console, since, you know, it's a PC - it's used for everything and almost every household has one. Sure, it might not be able to play newest games even on medium settings, but then again, neither can consoles.

4. Yes, but majority of people on PC also buy games way cheaper because of sales and generally better pricing across the board. And if you make an argument about buying preused cheap games on console - then your "holds its value" argument goes out of the window as those games you've bought second hand on a cheap will hold zero value when you try to sell them. Also as you have mentioned outdated physical media is finally being phased out, and when it comes to digital, consoles have all "flaws" of the digital games on PC, only without refunds, good sales and with shitty servers that make you download games for days on high speed connection.

5. This is the typical peasant bullshit that indicates that person saying it has no idea how electronics work. Ok, explain to me, how the bloody fuck does PC performance degrade over the years yet console one stay the same? It fucking doesn't. Your GAMING PC will play newest release in 5 years just as well if not better than a console. The only difference is that on PC you will have to set settings to lowest and on console they will be LOCKED at lowest.

6. No they don't. If you exclude the sabotage by publisher to ensure the "parity" between the PC and inferior consoles *cough* WATCH_DOGS *cough* and cases like Arkham Knight when ports were delegated to amateurs or were rushed - PC generally works better at launch, simply because of the fact that you can tinker with settings and because there are some nice people *cough* Durante *cough* who within days if not hours fix issues that shithead developers left in game occasionally or intentionally.
Objective points? None. Not for the last 15 years, at least. Subjective or questionable? ... More games geared toward multiplayer on the same unit, i guess?
Go buy it from the retailer. It's your problem, not Google's.
This stinks of the fake news. You can literally google "google pixel buy" and find hundreds of stores that have it in stock and are ready to ship it immeditely. How exactly is that difficult? Or is it "difficult to buy" when some american carrier or a hole-in-the-wall shop doesn't offer them? If so - then grow a pair and learn to use internet instead of writing angry comments/artiles.
Still not sure why he would choose a meatbag over the cybernetic perfection. "Humans"...
... Why is he blue?
If there are - hope they will be a toggle. Since those "awesome" loading screens were the major reason why i tended to stick to one planet instead of exploting. Travel was too damn long.
I might be out of the loop after not playing for some time, but is it actually possible? How are you going to circumvent the fact that most requred resources (tools, food, medicine, nails) are located in the city which is relatively far away?
Implying Samsung's alternative is any better.
More "secure". Also you don't have to install rootClock to stop apps from crashing/nagging because of them detecting root.
Says a lot about the intelligence level of your average consumer.
By the "oh, so you DON'T want to use the assistant we forced upon you? Well then you don't get to use this button at all!" logic, i guess.
And this makes it ok and not animal cruelty how exactly?
If every cell has a marker - then what's the point of markers?
He looks like a villain watching his sinister plan unfolding.
"[...] our Lord and Saviour **Yooka-fucking-Laylee**". You... umm... want a minute to rephrase that, TB?
> and how it has connected certain information to certain API's

Yep. The amount of various features it shoves under the phone/contacts umbrellas is straight up criminal
DS Had 2 Rockman series and also port/remastered Zero, so there is that. Also 3 whole Castlevanias. 3DS has nothing of that sort, so yes, i do still actively play my DS
You can probably find/make some kind of chair-like thing for kotatsu. I mean, we can't be the first ones to think of it.
What's this "no brain" part?
I know. That was the joke.
Why should we be wary? 2factor auth was a thing for years now.
Well, considering said senpai is probably not her best friend... That's pretty disrespectful. Same with just the first name. If they're in fairly good relationships - just last name without honorifics would suffice. Otherwise -san/senpai is a must.
About who?
Well, then majority are wrong.
Bloody hell? Do you need to buy every single asset flip to get it?
That all basically comes to the much older (now) debate whenever walking sims should be called FPS or a separate genre. I think parallels are pretty clear. If anything, connection between rogue-likes and rogue-lites are far looser than between walking sims and FPS's.
Of course genre evolved since Rogue itself (hack, angband, etc). However it changed in terms of gradual evolution. That's the state of "rogue-like" i compared it to, not the original Rogue.

Also action rogue-like is an oxymoron, like a pacifist war game. One of the main pillars of "rogue-like" genre is it being turn based.
What i meant is, you're using the right logic, but you're applying it to the faulty initial data. Your logic works for the terms that refer to obsolete things, or things that had changed themselves, or the times where two meanings were coined around the same time (in which case more widespread one wins), however:

1. Rogue-like as a "game like Rogue" was in use before "rogue-lite" concept was even conceived, for more years than "rogue-lite" as a genre exists. Rogue-like was a genre existing for multiple generations of gamers.
2. Rogue-like is still relevant and is a term in active use.
3. Rogue-lites have barely anything to do with rogue-likes (to the point where you cannot simple merge the two - they are describing a completely separate genres with little or no common points).
4. Rogue-likes are, for the most part, still follow the same rules, defined by the original game and the "rogue-like" genre definition (with variations affecting the flavour, rather than core mechanics).

In other words, the term has no reason to change, which is why your initial data has a fault in it and, while applying perfectly sound logic, you're getting a completely wrong outcome.

So, tl;dr: game can be called %genreName% if it has at least one minor feature %genreName% is known to posses? By that logic almost every game can be called by any genre, which destroys point of having genres in the first place.

There is no need to stick to the dictionary definition, however you're going to the opposite extreme here. Simplest example: Elona and notorious Binding of Isaac. Is Elona a rogue-like? Yes. Is it by the strict traditional definition? No. Why is it rogue-like? Because it's an procedurally generated RPG with the complex stat driven interaction between actors (where even simplest actor like a rock has dozens of components with stats describing it and possible interactions), it is turn based and has majority of staple rogue-like mechanics, but it's also am open-world game with actual story (including lengthy dialog boxes and i think even cutscenes) and doesn't feature permadeath (opting to severely permanently punish you instead) unless you turn it on. BoI, the rogue-LITE, on the other hand, is a twin stick shooter with procedurally COMPOSED (out of predefined rooms and enemies) map layout, procedurally CHOSEN predefined items and featuring permadeath n the same level as Super Mario did - you run out of lives/health - you lose and start from the square one.

So tell me, how is the second one, which doesn't even borrow a single mechanic from the rogue classifies as a rogue-like? Especially when there are actual creative rogue-likes out there that don't stick to the stric definition yet still manage to remain rogue-likes?

> a lot of creative titles have been made that stick to those specific points

That's the fault of the developer, not word definition, if they decided to develop a, say, RPG, instead of developing a game they want and THEN finding out which genre classifies it the best.
Only teeny-tiny bit of fault in your logic: rogue-likes are still around. Hence word now means two completely opposite things. Hence the word is rubbish and useless. The words should only change meaning when the old one becomes obsolete. Clearly not the case here, not even close.
Can we just rename "rogue-LITE" into something like "procedural misery generator" (forgot who suggested the term) to avoid confusion?
Only in our case the metaphorical rose is live and blooming today just as it did yesterday. 
While i agree with your logic in vacuum, the term rogue-like was coined and used by gamers since 80s, and only in the recent maybe 5 years it was perverted and "co-opted" by the playerbase of rogue-lites, as such i don't think your argument stands any ground.

"Defenders" of the word "rogue-like" aren't some grammar-nazi-esque people with too much free time on their hands who are trying to force people to distinguish the two - they are people who have been using the term for 30+ years and would like it to retain it original real meaning.
Kinda the opposite. In this game you're, for all intents and purposes, a pray desperately hiding from predators. Also, "rogue-LITE", not "rogue-like".
Implying they didn't do that before.
Depends on the modpack. Find one that doesn't fuck with early game progression too much and read a quickstart guide of some sorts for it.
Like any other non-Java version: it's kinda rubbish, lacks in content, lacks freedom, controls suck, you can't add any new content or mods... But if you don't have a choice and want to play MC THAT badly...
If you mean vanilla one - no bloody idea. I haven't played vanilla MC since Risugami's modloader became a thing, maybe even earlier. Well, i know combat has changed, but aside from that - it's essentially the same game but with slightly improved stability and performance. Seriously, they add same amount of "content" to MC in a year as modder adds to their mod in an hour.

As for modded - essentially the same as it was back in beta, only mods are (almost) all compatible with each other and are couple degrees more complex.
Doesn't he have to murder Samus to get it?
And what is the chance that person is going to pick up on some obscure reference made by a character? Why not cut them out too, while we're at it? People who don't give a shit won't pick up on them, people who know what they mean will, just like with ANY other aspect of the art.
That's a fake snek.
Wait to comically miss the point.
> By showing that she acts differently in public vs private when addressing him.

You can't. You're not the author - you're translator. You don't get to rewrite the work to reflect your ideas, you're just editing the written lines AND you can't change their tones as you have VA that sets the tone. Please think before you write such poppycock.

> By using the same types of words for both boys and girls. Both genders can be "guys," for instance. The whole "I never thought of you as a girl" thing exists in English.

In other words you have no bloody idea what the difference between those are. Since none of this actually reflects the difference i mentioned even remotely.

> If you're of the view that the nuances from honorifics can't be copied to English under any circumstance, then we're just never going to agree anyways.

Then why, exactly, are you objecting?
> Do you really think there's no possible way to get across the idea that someone likes their older sibling much more than is normal?

Yes. Simplest example: a cold stern girl who calls her brother "onii-chan" in private (without showing her affection in ANY other way, even in private). How exactly are you going to convey that? Rewrite her entire private dialog to completely ruin her character but convey that she does care about her brother? Or just drop that detail all together, once again ruining her character, and just portray her as cold and stern 24/7?

How are you going to accurately convey the difference between teacher addressing their students with -kun or -san? How the bloody hell are you going to convey the character addressing their (female) same age associates with -kun instead of just last name or adding -kun/chan depending on gender? All of this are important character building details and you CAN NOT portray them in English without retaining the honorifics.
>honorifics are just politeness levels, which english has

You can't be more wrong even if you actually tried to. Honorifics convey dozens of meanings, politeness being just an insignificant tip of the iceberg there. They convey information about personality of the person saying them, they convey some info about the person they applied to, they convey a hella lot about the relationship between the two people and, often, between them and people around them. And also, there is not a single honorific that can be mapped to English with even tiniest level of accuracy. And i'm not even mention how important the fact of their omission in certain situations is...
Really? Because i think you're mistaking translation and adaptation.

Translation, noun, "the process of translating words or text from one language into another". Says nothing about not sticking to the original.
... *pained sigh* Fine, i'll spell it out for you: all of those companies went out because their success was dependent on the products THEY have produced or because they've occupied a niche that was becoming outdated day by day. Valve does not produce anything - they just provide a store space (hence they'll have money as long as there are games being produced for PC) and they don't occupy any niches either.
> means less stuff lost in translation

The important part. Oh how much i wish more translators thought of this when translating.
There is only one possible answer to these kinds of question - "stick to the original". If you're translating Eng to Jap - keep titles like "mister", "doctor", etc. If you're translating Jap to Eng - keep honorifics and whatever words like "sensei", "otouto" and others are called in English.

P.S. Also, for the love of god, if character talks in 3rd person keep it that way. You wouldn't believe how much it ruins character when they start saying "I" and "you" in translation.
It's an effort that counts :3
Ok, first - i have no idea what half of those are. But with those i do know - i specifically went into detail about why it doesn't apply to steam in the next comment response. As for your examples: Sega and Atari went down because they released bad games and/or unpopular hardware - not even applicable to Valve. Blockbuster and Blackberry went down because they have failed to keep with the times and became obsolete (which is the console in the gaming industry, while Steam is the the one on top of the change). Yahoo and MySpace were inferior versions of far more popular systems (and Steam IS the more popular version, so if anything , UPlay and Origin are the ones in danger)
That's my line.
You don't see Nintendo, Sony or Microsoft close their gaming departments, and Valve is far more stable when it comes to gaming industry than any of them. And the unique aspect of Valve is that unlike other big gaming companies they're not dependent of sales of their hardware or even software. The only way Valve can go belly up if suddenly either: a) no 3rd party will want to sell on Steam (at the same time, mind you, as not selling game on Steam is pretty much a death sentence for game if you're the only one doing that) or b) every user drops Steam, which also wouldn't happen because no one can match the catalogue size and legendary discounts of Steam (let alone regional pricing). And also because we all have hundreds of games there that we will not be able to play without Steam.

So, yeah, if anything, Steam is THE most stable platform in the foreseeable future (next 15-20 years).
Sorry, but i don't have duckling syndrome with Metroid Prime unlike the you lots - i've played 3D FPS before it. Far better 3D FPS, mind you.
Yeah, only Steam wouldn't. It's too big for that now. The problem with consoles is that because of their inferior design paradigm after generation changes you might still own a game but you no longer can buy hardware to run it on, and you can't run it on modern hardware. Hence there is no point in keeping the servers running for the 100 people out there who are still going to try to buy/download games from it. No such problems with Steam or PC in general, hence why Steam is also a safe choice.
Metroid game? Yes. Because 2D Metroids are some of the finest metroidvanias out there, and 3D Metroids are rubbish sluggish console shooters with the fetish of wasting player's time on busywork.
Ruining the game by making it 3D is not "moving forward" - it's just ruining the game.
Basically if you're not Steam or GOG - "yes"
I meant the layout in general, not just alphanumerical characters.
... Why is "access point" a rusted vending machine? Do i need to play game to get that?
> I'm not personally attacking anybody

> that has zero support outside of the guy in the basement who created it

Are you? Are you really? Cause it sure as hell sounds like you're attacking all Linux users as a class.
Oh, sorry, i mistook the two
Amazing! IS it 2D? 3D? Live 2D?
You also don't hold fighting pad in your hands. Which is the point of the controller. And in fighting games you have to press one button at a time, sequentially, but very fast which is where having all of the buttons at the face excels. However try to play their games that require you to press, hold and switch multiple buttons together and you'll find out how much better having shoulder buttons are.
That's why i tend to reassign attack and dash/dodge to shoulders leaving jump on the face button so i could do those actions simultaneously without hurting my hands. Or just switch to the keyboard if it's one of those idiotic games that don't allow to reassign controller buttons.
It's terrible if they are in the one button group. Hitting face buttons together with the d-pad or shoulder buttons? Sure. Hitting two face buttons - i would rather play on keyboard where i can do this comfortably!
Not the point of the post. Controllers suck for anything precise, especially targetting, that's already a common knowledge. But changing the layout or button count wouldn't really solve that as it's a fundamental issue with the controller as an input device
Symmetry. We have 4-directional d-pad, hence 4 buttons in the same layout of the opposite side. And you can't add 3rd stick anywhere but in the centre and as evidenced by N64 - this doesn't work. 3rd set of L/R would either make back side unbearably tall or have to be placed on the sides, where it would get in the way of the grip.

It's the same reason why neither mouse nor keyboard haven't changed their layout in the last 20+ years - hey already achieved the perfection. Same with the controllers - they are on their way to maturity. No one is going to change shape or layout now, the only thing left is figuring out the type of inputs (pressure sensitive buttons, triggers instead of back buttons, sensor pads instead of sticks, etc)
TB's voice is so soothing. Turns out i've sat through an hour (sic!) long chat about the ME (which i couldn't care less if i tried to) and didn't even notice it. Really hope TB doesn't find that insulting unlike falling asleep to him :3
Or he could be using great but older OS that has all of the good sides of Win10 with none of the negatives. Or he could be using one of the 3-4 professionally developed OS's supported by hundreds of passionate devs each and also having none of the issues of this abusive crap.

But then again, i guess once peasant - forever peasant. Of course you would say "support the company who behaves like an abusive partner instead of switching to alternative that gives choice and freedom and is better in literally every single aspect" - that's literally carbon copy of the console model.
Sure, cause it's Microsoft who decides when to update (if at all) not the person who owns the PC.
Not ordering, just informing. But you're right, it does just inform you post factum instead of asking you about it.
It's not his fault he is **forced** to update.
Why are you using Win10? =_=
Most people are stupid, why do you **still** care about them? Also, find better frineds.
Only 2012 kids remember unhackable 3DS.
Of course it's different. But the question is - can you notice this artifacting while movie is playing? The answer is "no", you can't.
I'm not into music so i don't get the comparison. But the thing is: Skyrim didn't do anything amazing, nor did it do it first. The sole possible situation when it would've done it first is if said player was a 1) peasant, 2) only begun playing games with PS3/X360 and 3) actively ignored all games that existed before that point.
I prefer the back one. The only inconvenience is if you're using the flip cover and opened it first - touching it is a tiny bit less convenient than on the front.

It's just natural. That's where your finger would be when you hold it in hand.
37C for the rest of us. That is not even considered "warm" when it comes to devices.
All of the assets were of crappy quality to make it run acceptably on vastly outdated hardware (consoles), most of the content is reused assets, quests don't have many dialogs in them hence VA doesn't take much space compared to W3, etc
Skyrim has better gameplay than any of the two? You're drunk.
Skyrim fanbois among critics didn't want anyone to outshine their darling, i guess?
Side note - they forgot Kaer Moran, so it should be 3 maps...
Different approach to game design. For example

Map

Zelda: Design map around the amount of content we have (except OoT)

Skyrim: Generate the giant map then fill it with slightly retouched procedurally pre-generated content and populate it with random objects and actors on the runtime.

Quests

Zelda: Handcraft dozen of good quests and put them in the appropriate places

Skyrim: Randomly generate hundreds of quest, select less stupid ones, give them some flavour text and dialog to make them feel less generic and call them "side quests".
Sure. Dark Brotherhood - pale shadow of the one from the Oblivion (and that's the best faction in the Skyrim =_=). Thieves guild - bunch of Radiant shite and couple dungeon raiding quests. Companions - dunno, it's for brutes so skip. College - aside from the very first quest all others are bland and generic "go there fetch that" the rest of the game is filled with with the sole notable point being the skeletal dragon in the end.

tl;dr: Skyrim is not getting any points from those quests either (if anything - it loses them)
Probably the size of the meter? Since all 3 games feature humanoid characters with known height.
Ok, how about "Skyrim and Witcher 3: Wild Hunt across all platforms and The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild on Nintendo Wii U and Nintendo Switch". Wow, that's so much more clear and readable! /s
Outside of the Dwemer cave (which is tiny and the size of the Novigrad at best) most interiors occupy about the same amount of space their model occupy on the map, so i dont see your point. W3 doesn't have interior cells but you can actually walk into the buildings.
It doesn't. But coincidentally it does corelate in this very specific comparison.
Skyrim is small. It might have felt bigger because the terrain made it impossible to traverse it in the straight line like W3 did.
Are you real? Skyrim's "content" is literally copy paste of the same dungeons and camps plastered all over map.
Baby's first open world "RPG". Most of the peasants never played one before Skyrim (at best some of the older ones tried Oblivion) so when they finally played one, even though it was bad it imprinted on them as the greatest thing ever.
I'm sorry, but "WHAT??". Witcher 3 while not having a DMC or Platinum level combat is very close behind. Zelda is not even in the runner-ups, and Skyrim... Well Skyrim is ~~shi...~~ Skyrim
First, chart doesn't include W3's DLC map.

Second, Solstheim is significantly smaller that White Orchard (W3's intro area) and Toussaint, W3's DLC map, is the size of the entire province of Skyrim itself. I don't think Skyrim would gain any points from the comparison. 

Third, this chart also forgot to include the Kaer Moran map which is also the size of the White Orchard, so...
1st - performance is the 2nd most important aspect of the game after the gameplay. And Zelda's performance is abysmal (on the level of PS exclusives "abysmal")

2nd - when graphics are low poly nd stylized (like most 1st party Wii U games) - that's not minus, however when graphics look like a game ran on ultra-low settings with muddy textures, jagged models and objects turning into blobs of coloured pixels 10m ahead of you - that's a serious downside.
You can travel between different cities on the same map. As for really different cities - according to cutscenes it takes many days on the horseback to traverse that distance, so i see why this is a good thing.
Why is Skyrim even in this comparison? Absolute majority of its quests were: "kill X in Y", "fetch X from boss chest in Y" and "collect N bear arses". A single lowest tier quest (treasure hunts and witcher contracts) in W3 have more content than 80% on quests in Skyrim combined! Same with map - Skyrim with DLC landmass was slightly bigger than W3's tiny starting area.
*I'm not even mentioning the gameplay, since neither did the chart...*
Why is it NSFW?
He's onto you.
... Did you not read first sentence in his comment? I'll even quote specially for you: "I didn't realize so many people didn't notice". A bit hard to notice a joke when setup and punchline are separated by couple years of waiting, no? 
I just use Favourites and 2 groups: MP and rogue-lites. And also try to keep amount of installed games outside those groups to 10-15.

I used to have quite extensive categorising system, but at 300 it begin to be more of a hinderance, at 600 it became pain in the arse to deal with (Stem not supporting multi-select and drag&drop is NOT helping) so i dropped it. Now i'm at over 1k and have no intention of doing any organizing whatsoever until Valve implements at least basic functionality for that.
Solid Explorer, for sure.
I'm sticking with Google's JP IME even after trying multiple alternatives: ATOK, Simeji, japanese layouts in various other general keyboards (Swype and SwiftKey)... Personally, i don' see any features in other keyboards that JP IME lacks.
If people watched it as it came out - those episodes were months (if not years) apart.
That's one hell of a brick joke...
How did this happen? How could tiny ants slay a big spider? They're no venomous or anything, right?
One looks like a gauss pistol from Fallout, the other is probably a laser rifle, or maybe a railgun. Or were you referring to the fact that they're absent from the game?
What's the problem? Use monitor. That's what i do for Wii U.
If online retailer didn't properly displayed the warning - that's fault of the retailer, not Nintendo, same as with customer who didn't read it in physical retail. Nin did their job by putting it on the box.

And, big surprise - i'll also defend Intel. K line of CPUs is the overclocking centric ones. And no **smart** person buys and K CPU to use it with the stock cooler, at which point including cooler  would be just selling hi-tech garbage. I seriously hope you'll not going to try to bring OEM distribution variants into this too...
So, kindergarten level "I'm X?! No, you're X!" is the best argument you can present? Good lord...
Maybe it's weird, but i prefered the awkward "that thing ain't human!" Geralt of the first one.
First - you have to take them out of the case to put them in the console. In console they come in contact with a lot of mechanical parts. As for slow load times - it's an objective fact. Some people also say that *for them* 30fps is perfectly fine ,same thing as with you and load times.
It's not about what is useful to you, it's about facts. And the fact is - Switch is a portable console with a dock, not a stationary console with portable mode.
And if you find the same weapon again - you can use it again. I think the false argument in this case is yours.
There is a simple rule in gaming - if there is a one good tool that is relatively easy to get - people will use it exclusively no matter how many better more fun options you give them. Simply because it's optimal.
If only the HZD discussion could follow the suit... Then again, still an improvement from barf-inducing gushing that we had last week.
I would disagree. I don't remember how it was in DI, but in DL you only had certain number of repairs (2 or 3) after which weapon broke permanently. And unless it was some high class weapons like katanas, sickles or machetes - weapons broke in minutes, if not faster.
A small drop to 10s from unstable 30s? That a pretty severe problem. Add to that the fact that game runs locked at 30 to begin with...
Bad example. BS Infinite is a bad console shooter with pretentious story that makes no sense from the standpoint of logic or consistency. A game that basically cashes out fanboyism of people by using the name of the popular series. Zelda is at least solid mechanically so i can see where it gets it high scores.
Yeah, and are PS4/Xbone portable? No, they aren't. So i think your point is pretty much invalid if not to say "stupid".
And discs have a nasty tendency to get scratched and are flimsy and fragile just in general. Also disc media are slow. Well, no, they are not slow, they are **SLOW AS FUCK** (one of the *many* reasons load times on consoles are so abysmal). Cards and cartridges? Well, they are obviously not as fast as SSD or even HDD, but they are close third.
No, that would be the BroForce. Ghost Reckon is just yet another example of "Cognitive Dissonance The Game"
1:58:00 Still going to defend Nintendo selling 3DS's without charger, especially the "New" and LL versions. Considering those came out after the original 3DS and there would be a lot of people buying them who already own 3DS and a charger. I did, for example.

*Also, "some markets"? Not want to disparage anyone, but US is the only market in which Nin sold all 3DS with charger included. For the rest of the world they considered consumers smart enough to notice a giant red warning on the box stating that charger is not included in the box...*
Well... At least they are self aware.
Kinda reminds me of a similar dialog from the GF 3DS game. Only punchline was "Good thing they aren't here!"
I feel severely disappointed by this episode. Because TB is not here to stir the conversations and remind people that this is supposed to be a discussion podcast turned out into just them gushing (not discussing, just "gushing") about couple games. At least that what i saw in the first 50min since i couldn't stomach the rest of it.

Normally co-optional consists of: 60% constructive discussion, 20% gushing and 20% random nonsense and TB making pained face about it, which is just the right ration for it to be both informative AND fun. This time, however, there was nothing but nonsense.

Also i really miss TB's scepticism and rationality. Without him this turned into nothing more than overhyping games (and if there is one thing that disgusts me the most it's definitely "hype")
Wishful indeed. Because even if they do make another Metroid - it's going to be an f-ing 3D one...
"Other than Souls". I really hope it's sarcasm. Because Souls games are infested with grind. Unless you're playing with the walkthrough you WILL die to some bullshit dickish trap and lose your souls. And considering you need some insane amounts of souls to get higher levels and upgrade weapons, which you would naturally only get from bosses (NON-RESPAWNING GET REWARD ONCE bosses) - you will have to grind to keep up with the game's level/equipment checks. Or you of course could abandon progression grind and be satisfied with spending 2 hours chipping away at bosses HP bar with low level and not-upgraded gear while dying in one hit.
Mario coins are not progression - they are the means to get 1Ups and high score. If you need to grind for first - it's an indication that you suck and need to get better, second... Don't even need to explain that.

RPG (western ones) NEVER demanded you grind. You were supposed to gain required exp and loot by doing secondary quests (which had proper story and were actual proper game content) and in some cases didn't even had respawning enemies to grind on. As for jRPGs - those are notorious for being inseftend with soul crushing grind since most of them barely have 3-4 hours worth of actual content.
That just shows that games you play don't have enticing gameplay and substitute it with the "progression system"
Grind is a universal tool to patch the lack of content in the game. Story content when it comes to RPGs (especially jRPGs) and actually substance when it comes to game with progression system. It's carrot at the end of a stick. And when it's gone (you maxed out everything) and you're left tet-a-tet with the raw gameplay... you quit because that game's gameplay (without reward dangling in front of you) is boring as fuck.
But HOW did they managed to survive 9 years in that state? In the middle of a desert. If i recall correctly they even still wear MSF's uniform...
Absolutely barbaric.
Still unchanged. And screens you showed also prove just how vastly superior it was. From a SINGLE GLANCE at the first screen i can say that i have a very expensive enchanted amulet (hence it probably has a fairly powerful effect), that i have two other amulets and a ring (without having to read names of each individual item to figure it out), that i'm wearing a daedric armour that is a) way to heavy and b) is is broken. And also that i can make a bank selling all those items. if there was more items i would also be able to see if items i wear are optimal or if there are better options

What can i say from looking at second screenshot? That ~~some designer at Bethesda masturbated re-eally hard to thier "great" design~~ i have some items and that's it.

As for the amount of items on the screen - sure, let's compare a UI made for consoles with 480p resolutions to the one made for 720p consoles. Sure that's fair. But even if we do that - Skyrim blurs and fades out names of the items other than 6-7 of the ones in the centre of the list making big list it displays essentially pointless as you have to either scroll them into focus or squint your eyes to read their title. Which is not much of an improvement over the 6 items Oblivion shows.
And yet you keep using their free services...
I don't. But a lot of people seem to.
I'm pretty sure you're incorrect. Most publishers (save for scum like Rockstar or Activision) drop prices on their older games on Steam as the time goes by.
I don't think you understand how it works? There are two groups of people: ones who are hellbent on getting brand new legitimate copy, and ones that are willing to compromise to get a game cheaper. Devs only get money from first ones, period. The means by which second group acquires the game (be it piracy, second hand market, exchange with friend, etc) is absolutely irrelevant in this case.
"Get for free". Peasant.
No one holds you, exit is to your right, ciao.
Ok, let's just clarify one thing. Do you include games bough second-hand from GameStop or others? Because if so then we might as well include piracy with the PC (and then you get all games and for free) so PC wins by default in terms of price. Why include piracy? Because developers don't get any money from you either way.

If you mean actually legitimately buying games - statistically games get price drops on PC way faster and Steam/GOG have way better discounts than any console store. (and since some peasants fail to understand how statistics work - yes, you absolutely can find some one specific game that has better deal on console that it had on PC. One game for the hundred of opposite cases. That's why i said "statistically")
So that's the one you have issue with, not the Mac?
Because we see peasants being illiterate idiots and spouting nonsense like that so damn often... That we need to went out (making "satirical" posts like this one) to avoid mental breakdown on the grounds of losing faith in humanity.
Probably one of the unnecessary expensive "gaming" keyboards.
That... is not a satire, sadly. A lot of them actually think that. That games they get are "free", that Macs are the best, that you need $1-3k GPU, exclude TV from the cost of gaming on console...
"Moe moe kyu～n♪" says that you are objectively wrong.
Yes, i do remember Oblivion's UI. One that could be easily navigated by a mouse, one that displayed list type data like items and spells as a table with columns dedicated to cost, weight and main attributes of equipment if correct tab was selected, and also displaying an icon helping visually identify an item at a glance. Instead of some arbitrary list that doesn't respect the mouse, choses which size of font should be used based on phase of Moon an only displaying any info other than name when you select the item.

I remember Morrowind and Oblivion displaying important info like Attributes and skills also in table form and in rather compact view, allowing to quickly find and see level of any of those, instead of retarded carousel that only shows 3 items at a time and requires clunky scrolling to get anything out of it, but apparently looks more "immersive".

I also remember how in good RPGs skill trees are displayed in a graph on a flat orthographic plane where your directional key presses and mouse clicks map one-to-one to graph items instead of some constellation like thing that is viewed from weird angle where down-left could easily send you over to other tab rather than to item that is located down-left.

Do i need to continue? Cause i can.
Konami. Dream on. Unless you want another Lords of Shadows... Ugh. But even in this case - very unlikely
I think we have better chance of lightning striking twice and someone releasing an AM2R level fan game than Nintendo actually making a good Metroid.
There were? When? I'm at the 5th rift on o3ds and i'm yet to notice any kind of slowdown. Even busy things like Ultra Fusion and moments when 5 characters are sent flying at the same time run at the buttery smooth framerate.
I severely doubt it. It breaks the tradition. We already have 2 new Pokemon games on 3DS and a remake. Time to move one. Also i'm not a big fan of the BW2 (not the game itself, but the fat that it's a sequel set in the same region, in the same gen, with the same characters, etc)
And that's the beauty of Morrowind's system - the amount of time and effort you would have to put into gathering/buying soul gems and filling them does allow you to be very OP for a couple of seconds. Same deal with alchemy. Obviously, being the first iteration of those systems they were abusable as hell if you knew what to do. Too bad they decided to just scrap all those systems in favour of dumb melee combat instead of refining them in latter games.
Charges though. You can expand your own magicka to some stupid numbers but enchantment power of items is very limited so unless it was modded into the game with cheaty parameters, that spam would end in 5-8 button presses because item ran out of juice.
There's a Duna and Spice joke somewhere in there, but i'm way to lazy for it...
"A cat is fine too" indeed...
That's not a dream - that's a shameless cash grab. A "dream" would be getting them all remade for PC.
48:00 I'm actually one of those people who enjoys Morrowind combat. Why? Because i've never actually lowered myself to "swinging" at my opponents. Magic rules.

"[...] modern UIs that are all function over form" ... Hahahahaha. Skyrim without SkyUI. "nuff said"
Do they have RGB? Because if they don't - i have a bad news for ya...
I would agree with **ecth**, on this one. OoT is ok, but it is also fairly dull and generic and has some poor design decisions in some areas (kinda like Prime, but not nearly as much as that piece of... game) and if you haven't played by it back when it was released and was awed by how much it stood out above other games at the time... you're probably not going to like it playing it today (like me). Meanwhile MM is simply a wok of art that you can boot up today and it holds perfectly fine on its own.
It definitely does. Using anything OP locks S rank.
I almost fell for that~
Well, Apple being Apple, they never said what Mac was being compared to. Maybe they were comparing it to a gold bar - Mac does cost less than pure gold, and  (being a PC) it does do more than a chunk of metal...
I'm not even going to begin to describe what's wrong with your position, and will just wish you good luck with it.
Well, does a rock have a glowing apple on the back? Checkmate.
"does the same" it's not: case and point - gaming.
Was this EVER true? I'm pretty sure even Macs from 80s were not cheaper nor more functional than DOS/Unix PCs from the same era. They were just... had "user" oriented UI.
There are only couple thousands of us because "hacking" 3ds to enable installation of homebrew is kind of a pain in the ass. But leave vulnerabilities unpatched and sooner or later someone **will** come up with some sort of 1-click installer...
They kinda have to, since this can be used for piracy and they still intend to profit from 3DS games. Look at the DS - they don't intend to profit from it anymore so they stopped giving a damn about blocking DS flashcards in 3DS updates.
I severely doubt newly arrived 3DS will have 11.3 preinstalled on it (as it came out yesterday). So as long as it has supported firmware version - you're in the clear.
I wish! What i meant is that with Japanese eShop you can use card issued by any bank in the world, not just ones located in Japan, unlike with NA eShop.
Wow, one of the rare case of NoA being ass backwards while NoJ is being progressive (no cart territory restrictions there). Good to see they've finally rectified that.
Time to try out a new way of playi-... A-and i'm playing a Dunmer Nightblade again.

Seriously, why would ever NOT play as a dunmer magical assassin?
N'wah, you're so wrong...
You're a wizard. You can cast waterbreathing spell for next to nothing or mass produce the potion from common ingredients. It's actually worthless.
Doesn't that just waste energy?
For all people suggesting restart - the whole point of task manager is to kill only frozen without affecting the rest of the system and running processes.
Cause peasants might get confused, and we wouldn't want that, wouldn't we?
Probably a safeguard to allow search of those weird games that think it's "cool" to put roman numerals in their titles.
Thank god.
Why would you even need water?
Why?
I may be the outlier, but i think flora actually looks significantly worse than the vanilla. Especially the grass on the second screen - it looks more like randomly generated pixel noise rather than grass.

Also the vines on top of the house look like poorly compressed low res photo plastered on top of actual pixel art house. The contrast is just too jarring.
I think you're the one who can't read. $9k is if every game is counted at the lowest price it has ever been sold on Steam
What's the "roach thing"?
Eh, makes sense. I'm on $12k with 1k games (so about quarter of his games and money spent) and i don't even buy that many games.
Is that spider web and... Sand?!
Considering that it's a Japanese game... YOU are the foreigner.
I have a sneaking suspicion that those are not in any way platform dependent. I also have a suspicion that those are just coloured ordinary hdmi cables that abuse peasants illiteracy to sell them overpriced crap.
Eh, seems fair enough.
That's a very mild translation XD
One of (many) reasons i love Co-Optional: when some game X (that i don't give a flying fuck about) come out other podcasts spend 1-2 hours fanboi-ing all over it, Co-Optional talks about it for 10min and moves to other topics. Thank you guys～❤
Yep. That sucks. What a rollercoaster of emotions...
Oh, don't worry - that one doesn't sexualize specifically women, so it's "A-Ok" according to society!
So. Much. HUGS!!
Yeah, they will have an issue actually hitting the 30fps mark
So, wait, does this game just automatically kick out peasants on consoles? XD Or is this only a thing on PC?
Yes, so if you bought a terrible product you should be facing a dilemma: should you throw away the money you've spent on it but warn the others or should you return the product and let others suffer too? Genius idea.
I don't have Ts in my yard. Also i live in apartment so i don't, strictly speaking, have a "yard". Also it's the middle of winter so there is currently no (alive) spiders outside...
Nurse: "Yeah, me too..."
Aww, he's so adorable X3
I... am not sure?
Wait wait wait. Are you saying that Kaz is a tsundere??
That's:

a) in another country

b) more than 500km away. In Russian bus time - it's over 10 hours ride in one direction.
Not really, no. We don't have any deserts nearby. At least none that you can go to and come back on a bus in one day.
Their **desktop** (laptops are kind of garbage. They could sell Raspberry Pi with display and keyboard attached, at this point) hardware is good, but for, at best, half of the price they ask for it. For the price they actually want for their hardware - it's garbage.
Oh, kind of my favourite maps of the original. There is just something that feels **right** about playing KF in tight and dimly lit urban corridors.
If it's not tiled (purists will even say ASCII, but let's get with the times) turn based RPG - then it's not rogue-like. I'm a bit of indecisive about the permadeath aspect though. For example - i *do* consider Elona to be a rogue-like, yet it doesn't feature permadeath (instead you revive at home losing some items and gold from inventory)
Good riddance i say.
Yep. That's exactly how poorly designed difficulty system works. You just change some numbers (like tankiness of enemies and the amount of damage they do) without doing any adjustments to balance the gameplay and ship it as the new difficulty setting.
Because sports are easy and casual. Well, no, they are not, but the hard part in sports (playing it, more specifically) are being properly physically fit and trained (taken out of equation by gaming abstraction) and abiding the rules (taken care of by the computer). So what's left is just pressing the buttons to make characters on screen do some simple actions with minimal challenge and required skill from player.

Obviously now situation is slightly different now that "Sports game" (extremely casual) and "Sports management game" (not casual tycoon-ish game) genres were merged into one and games have both aspects present. But stigma from early days stuck, and the fact that those games are still mostly played by non-gamers and dudebro jocks doesn't help.
I would say that the best option is the one suggested many times by many people: level-local lives. Just cutting out lives don't just make game "friendlier" to the average console gamer - it dumbs it down. What's the point of getting better at the game and learning mechanics if you can just keep throwing yourself at the obstacle (unless that's the point *cough* Meat Boy *cough*) until you eventually beat it by sheer luck?

Making failure have no consequence whatsoever diminishes the point of playing a "challenging" game. And being "challenging" is kind of the point of the arcade game.
Heh, people keep kept spewing buullshit like "Nintendo should stop being a special snowflake and be more like other console manufacturers!"- now we have paid online and Switch games being demoed with PCs under the table. You reap what you sow.
When a phone has better performance than this.
> Macs are such a piece of shit for price **now**

"lol"
Nope, probably "upcoming".
Burst for how long - an instant? Without the AT LEAST air cooling "boosted" CPU will suffer meltdown in seconds if not faster.
At this point they might as well just sell Raspberry Pi with monitor attached.
... Early 2000s called, they want their CPUs back.

But seriously, is this crap for real?
Don't use Apple. Problem solved.
Oh, the spider waifu merch～❤
"Nintendo, give me free shit!"
Any hardware sub not populated by Apple fanboys is "mac sux" sub
I didn't read books, but Yen in W3 was fairly sweet, even if a bit cold at times.
Well, Triss in Witcher 1 was the bitch sage of bitchdom. I think i like Triss in W2 and especially W3 way more. 
Performance, modding, backward compatibility, games of genres that don't work on consoles, to name a few.
You're paying for content in addition to what you've already paid by buying the game. Instead of paying for a content you've ALREADY PAID FOR by buying the game. See the difference?
We complain and that's why we're the Master Race - the only group of consumers in game industry that is still treated as "clients" rather than "cattle" like peasants.
I know, right? How dare they complain about paid online features after Nintendo has given them console and all games on it for free! ... Oh, wait, it didn't? Nevermind then.
Umm, since Famicon and up till this day? Have you been living under a rock for the last 30 years?
No they don't. They get that money from selling the game. Want to constantly milk users for "money to run servers"? Then distribute your game for $X cheaper (or even for free with no subscription fee if game is multiplayer only) and get your income from the paid online. But no, they want to have to have their fingers in BOTH cakes - sell games for full price AND keep charging for using features of the game they've already sold.
It's not about not being able to afford, it's about the principle. You're buying a full price (for its price category) game and then have to pay on top of that to use online features. And no, old fallacy of "it's game as a service" doesn't work with these types of games.
Sorry, did i touch a nerve? Want to talk about insecurities?
Yes, i did it over the course of 4 years, when need to upgrade something occurred. If i were to be an idiot like you and buy a brand new PC every time i need to upgrade one part of existing one - i would've easily dropped over $15k on re-buying "new" PC every time i needed to upgrade one component.
Because PC cases made with performance and expandability in mind. And you can't add anything to the trash(can) case like Apple one and the airflow sucks
RAM, storage and cooling (air -> liquid) to name the few things i've upgraded on my current build. Also i've installed RAID card instead of using virtual RAID from mobo. Oh, and PSU, had to get new PSU when i added the second GPU. 

Do i need to go on or have you already got how retarded what you said was?
Why would anyone ever want that?
Shh, you'll trigger the Apple fanboys.
Well, times change, games change. Mark my word, DR4 being the worst of the series will be more popular than any of its predecessors (at least if Skyrim is anything to judge modern gamers by)

Also speaking of which, TB critiques DR4 for all that and yet he said multiple times that Skyrim is a good game and that he likes it. Hypocrisy much? =/
Maybe he's so rich he owns literally the entire valley so all of it is his "home".
24 hours? That's for weaklings. I remember Nerevarine spending months just standing motionless in front of the Creeper after robbing the vaults of 3 great houses...
No, i meant the ingredient exploit
I ought to try this. Somehow, after playing Morrowind for 10 years, i've never noticed that!
... what.
Too bad you can't actually buy more than 3-4 of most ingredients. So it's more of a: buy all required ingredients from all appropriate merchants in town, brew potions, sell potions to get gold back, wait 24 hours, repeat.

Good thing Dagoth Ur and Hircin weren't particularly in hurry to enact their plans...
Pretty sure Factorissimo was made with explicit goals to solve problems like this. You need to go deeper in recursive factories.
Great show! But if i may, a little bit of criticism: audio tracks end too abruptly, which is especially noticeable when switching from current game to the next one.
Stasis canon, propulsion and repulsion canon, gas torpedos, knife - what more do you want?
Who is Karen?
Does any race play even remotely differently in Skyrim?
The Roman Empire imperials? Hell yeah!
Yes, just as you would have trouble telling the difference between 720p upscaled to 4k and the natural 4k. Which brings the question - why are the peasant companies bring in the 4k instead of increasing the performance? Oh, right, because 4k on for peasants is but a buzz word
I didn't meant literal trash can. But you could put them in a random container in the middle of nowhere and forget about them
While i would generally agree with you, but FF15 is a terrible example as the game tself is nothing but oversexualised pandering to teen girls and any sexualisation or belittling of female characters just drowns in it.

Also this goes both ways as many even remotely important male characters in RPGs, especially jRPGs, are sexualised into oblivion and whenever jRPG has female protagonist you can bet your arse every male character in it, sans love interests and the Big Bad, will be utterly incompetent and require the female protagonist to constantly help them and even do that they were supposed to be doing and excel at.
I feel like i've been issued a challenge.
Zero Mission is not "new" Metroid game so i didn't mentioned it. As for "better" - hard to argue - all 3 are pretty great, except for Fusion's story parts.
It's not rare, it's just present mostly in biomes that you're "growing out of" in the first hour of the game. And all interesting biomes are filled with gold and diamonds.

UPD: We need generic recepies (a-la MC's Forge ore dictionary), so that we could make basic electronic with either gold or silver. That would make end-game resources little less useless and remove the necessity to grind silver in the mid-to-late game.
Yes, you can just "run" past the 3-4 space pirates in the narrow corridor. Or not kill flying pirates that lock on to you in the room with a long and tight jumping section. Sure...
Subnautica, the only time in your life you'll say "**Another** giant diamond? Ughh. In the trash you go."
Why does UI look so weird?
Too much backtracking even by the Metroidvania standards, **forced** combat when you backtrack, extremely low difficulty, other time wasters and pointless annoyances like bosses only being damageable for about 10% of the time you fight them, forcing you to constantly switch weapons just to traverse the room, enemies that immune to everything but one specific weapons, enemies that immune to everything but your weakest weapon, have a fuckton of health, teleport around and are invisible most of the time...

And to top it all off - kind of very mediocre gameplay across the board: platforming - subpar, even by a FPS standards which says something, shooting - abysmal, even if you don't count far superior PC FPS games released *before* Prime, it is still very poor, puzzles - barely count as "decent". And it's like that in every aspect.
Did you, by chance, asked the monkey's paw?
I hear that a lot, but i just don't have resolve to try them after a horrible drag that was Prime 1.
If only Nintendo didn't stop releasing Metroid games after Super and Fusion...
That's why i just produce tons of it and place it with huge waste with largest brush. Sure, it's wasteful, but still better than dealing with that tool.
*cough* Merry Gear Solid *cough*
You know what would make it even better? Having the D-horse ride the D-walker towed by the car.
I'm pretty sure no one changed the European price of the games. It's 60 euro. Why "60 euro" instead of "equivalent of $60 in euro"? Good question, ask game publishers.

And if (i'm not even assuming you are - no one is THAT retarded to actually think that, but still) you're implying that European customers have to pay for that loss because of price difference - it's still a lot less that the loss would be if no one in Russia and CIS would buy any games at all and just pirated them.
Or they would just cease allowing games to be refunded in AU.
"Why can't everyone have the **option** to pay the same" you meant? Because otherwise i tell you why - because why the fuck would you EVER by a game instead of pirating it when game costs more than 15% of your monthly salary? And that is the situation is Russia and some CIS countries
I updated page 3 times and it's stuck on something ending with 9 every damn time. No fooling the fate, eh?
As a price for cuddling with a lamia you love? Worth it.
Can't be unseen now. Eww...
I think LFG's Tiny Dick is going to sue/set on fire someone~
Hey, all people have their own tastes. There are some who are a-ok with clinginess and obsessiveness~
H-how?
Fun thing is, i can actually see that happening...
How's that a bad thing?
... Touche.
Racist.
Yep, poor little victims of the duckling syndrome...
Bringing excellent quality of mods to discussion of subpar quality of the base game...
Ok, by that logic game that was released yesterday had "stood the test of time". Why not? There were games that were released since it and i still come back to play it since i have not yet finished it
Very mad. First - game is relatively new, second - it just got a re-release, 3rd - game has aged pretty poorly, 4th - was not even good to begin with.
"Spiders are attracted to me" - Lucky bastard...
"Cute, evil, reptiles" - i count 3 good things.
How come? (about digesting)
Wow, i didn't know snakes could eat *boiled* egg.
Heavy calculations, memory manipulation, native applications, insane levels of optimiseability to allow it to run on, say, microcontroller. Those languages definitely miss at least couple of those points.
It doesn't take that long using C++ to realise that it is a terrible outdated piece of crap. BUT we also kinda don't have anything better than it still, so calling it "shit" is wrong even thought it is shit.
And just as expected half of the nominations are complete bullshit not even remotely fit to the categories they are in.
> I recently realised that C++ is complete shit

a) took you long enough and b) you're SO wrong.
Hmm... an't remember that. I remember him being pretty brutal. Was it before or after 0.000000000001HP?
Asriel does? When?
That's a bit different.
Battle with Toriel is amazing in general. I mean, can you name many bosses who are actively making their attacks *avoid* hitting you?
Well, maybe a *li-ittle* superiority complex.
Wubba-lubba-du... Oh. Oh... Fuck you. >_<
I fail to see how peasant not knowing about tech stuff would even know what 144hz means. And if they know what it is then they probably should also know that their device is absolutely incapable of doing that.

Also what happened to the good old "try looking up information yourself first, THEN bother people with stupid questions"? He asked a stupid question and got a mocking answer, i don't see a problem with that.
Well, you do know we call them "peasants" not because of some superiority complex, but for a reason. *^And ^the ^reason ^being ^that ^they ^actually ^know ^nothing, ^refuse ^to ^learn ^anything ^and ^are ^100% ^sure ^that ^they ^are ^right.*
https://gfycat.com/RightAccurateDiplodocus
*cough* Morrowind *cough*
Oh yes, i remember that cute noodle and dumb human gif
More surprised
This looks like a danger noodle. Is it?
Kinda reminds me of the famous Loki-Hulk exchange:

> Loki: *Enough! You are, all of you are beneath me! I am a god, you dull creature, and I will not be bullied by...*
> 
> \*cue Hulk beating the living shit out of the "god"\*
> 
> The Hulk: Puny god.

Also "*How can you kill a god?*". 

Nerevarine: "Allow me to demonstrate"
I was always wondering if they could do that.
Sure. With controller you have dead zones which make small precise movements impossible. On a controller your maximum movement speed is limited.

With mouse your hand movement is mapped 1:1 to crosshair movement, on a controller you are instead telling game in which direction you want to move crosshair and how fast (and then when to stop). Not hard to figure out how much more precise and responsive one is, and how sluggish and awkward the other is.

With mouse your movememnt stops the moment your hand stops moving and you're immediately ready to move in opposite direction, with controller you first need to return stick in the neutral position (while game still registering you as moving slowly in the original direction), THEN start moving it in opposite direction.

That's to name only a FEW reasons from the top of my head. Then there are also amount of buttons available, changeable layouts and responsivenes...
"Compared to auto-aim", you meant?
Seems about right.
No, that's actually the dumbest possible fix. Forcing people to play exclusively on official servers if they want to gain any XP would break playing in established teams, would limit amount of maps players get to play on, make every every official server full 24/7 (meaning that some players simply wouldn't be able to get any XP EVER) and a whole bunch of other issues.
KF2's Survivalist is basically DS's Depraved or RO's Super Novice. It has the most opportunities open for them, but is also 110% useless in any practical situation.
Look, it's low-fi Gary!
As someone with a pet snake my advice is: don't even try this once - it's an immediate addiction.
Welp, you can count this one out.
Some things just weren't meant to be. Also an obligatory "kill it with fire".
Never, until someone notices you on the other side of the region.
And Amazon listing of Xbox port proves that you're not an idiot how, exactly?
And how about you stop being a moron and do some fact check first? Morrowind, just as Daggerfall and Arena before it, were PC games through and through, designed around keyboard and mouse from the ground up. XBox version was afterthought. After Morrowind - true, they were console games with PC ports (which reflect in their quality...)
I like Quiet's expression. This is going to be a fun ride
Still doesn't excuse player's actions. They are hostile if **you** trespass on their territory. They won't attack you for months if you just sit on your arse on the spawn point without producing any pollution. Why? Because you're not harming them, hence they have no reason to attack you.

Sure, thinking about it as the "survival situation" makes your actions "justified", but only as much as you can justify slaughtering hundreds of innocent critters for your own egoistic benefit... Why egoistic? Because that logic implies that your single alien life is somehow worth more than the lives of hundreds of natives to this planet.
There is one significant difference. In RPG we murder bandits, outlaws who gave up their right to live the moment they decided that assaulting, robbing and murdering innocent people was a-ok. In FPS we don't generally play terrorists (because that wouldn't fly with publishers who want to play safe, etc) - we play brave soldiers protecting innocents in their country.

In Factorio though we forcefully insert ourself into an environment where we have no business being, start destroying the fragile ecosystem, draining planet's resources, polluting atmosphere and then murder the natives when they come to "voice their concerns" about our actions.
But... Why?
Well, here is your problem - you're trying to play an RPG with a controller and/or on a console. How about you fix issues with your head before accusing a perfectly good game of being bad?
Welp, i guess in Jesse's eyes i don't exist, because i don't give a flying fuck about trailers and suffered through the show just to know who gets nominated and who wins various awards. And of course how much bs nominations *cough* Uncharted *cough* there was.
How does HtH fare against undead, higher daedra and centurions? And ghosts. How's it against the ghosts?
Where's the satire? That's just Skyrim.
Yes, but generally you would do that because *you* wanted to do it and because game was so good mechanically that it warranted those actions. Not because it held your 100% completion hostage unless you do that.

Why would i use it ironically? I didn't use it in the context of "real gamers only play X game", i used it in the context of real gamer being someone who doesn't appreciate being treated like a child/mentally disabled and rewarded for doing the most basic things correctly, and also being someone who is smart enough to be insulted by the notion that they are assumed to be fooled by the blatant game length elongation by the bullshit achievements.
Oh, come on, don't tell me you didn't enjoy first 20% of the CoC! The opening investigation level and escape from Innsmouth that followed it were great. The rest of the game was pretty bland though. And then it turned into a full on FPS, which was the weakest part of the game... Yeah, actually, i see what you mean.
Not the greatest, surely, considering Deus Ex and System Shock 2 exist. But 3rd place? Yep, that's VtM:B, no doubt.
Game is great, bugginess be damned. But the ending part is just abysmal in terms of how bad it is. Everything from you entering the hotel after the point of no return and up to the final cutscene is just... "shitshow" doesn't even begin to describe how utterly terrible that whole part of the game is.

It's just hard to believe that endgame and Tzimisce infested tunnels exist in the same game as astonishingly good even by today's standards (Witcher 3 aside) Santa Monica and Downtown.
In my opinion, it comes from achievements, especially in games made primarily for consoles, fall in two very distinct categories: "pandering" (all story achievements, "you've finished X level" and especially ones like "Press NEW GAME in main menu") and "this is just bullshit" which only exist to force people to play the game far beyond what it warrants on its own merit (like "play 10k online matches or "do 720 no-scope headshot 3 times in a row while falling from a plane and land directly in the very specific location while surviving the whole thing" or other batshit crazy tasks that would require weeks of practicing and hundreds of tries to pull off).

And needless to say, neither of those two is particularly appealing to the real gamers (since both are pretty much insulting, even if in different ways)
Peasants, what else do you expect from them?
This time she probably meant "aren't you too old for this shit?"
Well then ask this friend of yours to list some examples of fantasy stories that aren't.

1. Hero is the prophecised savior, descendant/reincarnation of an ancient hero or a big bad, happened to be in a wrong/right place at the wrong/right time, was wronged by big bad, was given/found plot centric McGuffin by chance or hand of Fate, has been told their fate by seer/vision/dream and/or bumped into some plot important characters.
2. Hero is now going on a long adventure that includes overcoming some minor obstacles and/or helping people around. 
3. Hero confronts the big bad, defeats them and saves the world. Bonus points for big bad being some legendary epic entity: deity, dragon, titan or something similar.

Welp, all of those are cliches and i've described just about every single piece of fantasy literature, movie or game ever made.
Pretty sure TB said something along the lines of "it didn't need remastering - it was perfect already" couple days ago (maybe on Co-optional). Guess that is his opinion of the Bulletstorm.
Welp, now AI will also be among the people who are better than me at KSP. Great...
Crouch in a corner and press auto-walk, then leave for work. When you get back you ought to get at least 2-3 skill levels...
Wow, i didn't know this kind of magic abuse was present in Morrowind. I thought it was Daggerfall exclusive.
"Permanent" spell?
Get Mentor's ring, get Savior's Hide, then enjoying being an uber mage.
"OH FUCK. SAVE ME MEI!!" *Mei appears* "Holy cow, it actually worked!"
Ah, the quartz munching waifu～❤
Deus Ex was an "FPS with RPG elements", true. Human Revolution and Human Revolution: Mankind Divided are simply cover based FPS with upgrades. DOOM had upgrades too, would you consider it an RPG?
Welp, that's 2.5 hours of my life i'm not getting back. Well, at least TB and Genna's comments were entertaining (and surprisingly more informative than the actual show).

Remember when game award shows were actually about awarding outstanding games? Yeah, neither do i. Fingers crossed for the Arbitrary Game Awards.
Even starting Firebite (Frostbite can be bought right at the beginning in Seyda Neen) should do enough damage for early-mid game. Are you sure you're using the correct spells against correct targets? Like dunmer having 75% resistance to fire and undead being immune to cold...

And you don't suck at dodging - you're just slow. You need to raise your speed and acrobatics or force enemies to stay away from you with the spells.
That's why i also recommended to make a control spell to prevent enemies from getting too close. As for magic protection - c'mon, everyone knows that you can get Savior's Hide literally 10min into the game.

P.S. i don't get it - why do you need stronger magic resist for atronach?
Probably a placeholder. Now it's fixed
Poor Gav, having to sit through two Pokemon S&M discussions in one week
Hope you learned your lesson.
> Because in Morrowind they actually know. It doesn't make sense to have that disposition penalty in the first place if we're going to pretend that they don't know.

But they don't know! It makes no sense for them knowing. Think about it that way: if we assume that they **do know** then disposition penalty does make sense, however everything else doesn't: why does MG allow high ranked Telvanni be their member? Why aren't you punished or expelled when you pull the MG's privilege of magic training? Why if people know that you're a member of the TG they still allow you to just waltz into their homes? Why is Legion allows a member of TG to join them instead of arresting you on the spot? None of that makes any sense. Now let's assume that they actually **don't know**, then all of the above makes sense but disposition bonus mechanic doesn't. Probably because it's an underdeveloped rushed plug of the mechanic. I'll let you and your common sense decide which of those two possibilities is more plausible.

> Tons of people think that Morrowind is some kind of perfect gem.

It is a gem, though it is not perfect. But i could see why people would think that when comparing Morrowind to the likes of Oblivion, Skyrim, F3 and F4 - the rest of Bethesda's "RPGs".
You're missing the point.
That's weird. If you're an altmer and have destruction as a major skill you should be a killing machine (glass cannon, but still).

My advice would be instead of just leveling up, join Telvanni or MG and make target spells that do some actual damage and make some control spells like paralysis or levitate 1p. As for things catching up to you - buy Tinur's Hoptoad spell.
734 Petabytes. Did you get your hands on the YT backup or something?
First part of *your* argument is valid, but i would disagree about the temple. First - you're archcanon of the Temple in Vvanderfell, not the entire Tribunal Temple. Second, even if you were, declaring yourself Nerevarine is a heresy punishable by death, and i don't see why temple would make an exception for one of their own. You're *leader*, sure, but you're not the ultimate singular authority in the temple. It makes perfect sense that your direct subordinates, seeing how you went rogue and become a heretic, would want to brand you as one as to not taint the Temple's reputation in the eyes of people. And it makes perfect sense that you would have to meet your predecessor to make peace with Temple (not arguing that him not vacating *your* office is dumb) because what else would you expect Temple to do - haphazardly elect new archcanon? Why if there is perfectly fine candidate, who stood the test of time, just chilling in the next room? And it also makes perfect sense that you're instantly pardoned and allowed back into temple in your previous position when **Vivec himself, the fucking physical god Tribunal Temple worships** orders them to do just that.

As for the last part - it's exactly same hypocrisy he used. Why is factions not knowing and not reaction in Morrowind is wrong but in Skyrim it makes sense? Morrowind didn't had "deep" faction interactions (people who say that are either wearing nostalgia goggles or had played with mods). Disposition shift is just small punishment for players who try to interact with NPCs of opposing faction, nothing more. But it does make as little sense in Skyrim as it does in Morrowind (not an issue in Oblivion where all the factions are either secret or government backed allies)
> Mark Kirkbrides

... Who?

I do insist on calling him that because, like i said, he uses lie and contradiction to make his invalid point appear valid. Well, if you don't like "asshole", then how about a "douchebag"? As for what he lied about - take the personality of NPCs, for example. Morrowind NPCs have just as much personality as NPCs in Skyrim (and that is - they are bland one dimensional single trait/trope defined cardboard cutouts, with the exception of some very charismatic characters like Ahnassi, Divayth Fyr or Jarl of Whiterun) but he lies saying that they don't have any in Morrowind and then immediately lies again saying that each NPCs in Skyrim has rich personality while their entire personality is defined by a single sentence they utter as greeting or in response to some topic. There were other situations but at this point i don't already remember and have no intention or rewatching this crap just to pint them out.
Patch is in the UV archive inside the "addons" folder.
It is though. You can put a thick blindfold over your eyes and make argument that Oblivion is just "streamlined" compared to Morrowind. But Skyrim is **objectively** dumber than even Oblivion. And, while Morrowind is far better game than Daggerfall in-general, Daggerfall was, technically, far more complex than Morrowind...

But as a side note, this video does explain *why* subsequent Bethesda's RPGs were that much worse than Morrowind. Somehow i never heard of some of those facts.

UPD: Ok, finally forced myself to finish watching this crap, and... Wow. Cherry picking doesn't even begin to describe what that video is. He even says at one point that a *thing* is bad in Morrowind and doesn't make any sense and then, in the very next sentence goes to say that the same *thing* is present in Skyrim and "doesn't that make a perfect sense?" in there. This asshole contradicts himself and quite often common sense and logic just to make a point how Morrowind is worse than sequels, glorifying retarded design decisions, completely ignoring more obvious and sensible, but not "casual console player friendly" alternatives (like essential NPC only being killable by PC instead of being completely invulnerable) and going as far as straight up lie to make a point in some cases. Bloody hell, why did i even wasted my time listening to this shite?
So, the only good MP map currently in is the legacy map? Shame.
Acclaimed by whom? People who say that graphics and story are more important than gameplay in a *game*? People who say that shitty performance is not an issue? People who say that eye can see past 30fps? People who say that making an escorted character a "no-target" for enemies is a "brilliant solution for escort quests"? By whom?
No, other games have *good gameplay* to enjoy. You can't do that through YT.
> **If you find a Daedric shrine, don't touch the fucking gemstones.**

Trust him. You want none of that.
It "classifies" as RPG, true, but it's hard to call game an RPG when leveling up makes game severely more difficult to the point of being unplayable, instead of easier like in every other RPG ever made.
Stock up on scrolls, especially Almsivi/Divine intervention. P.S. magic has 100% hit chance period and magic from items/scrolls never fails (unlike spells you cast which have cast chance).

Don't neglect training - unlike dumb "5 trainings per level" system of Oblivion, Morrowind gives you freedom to train as much as you want, provided you have the coin.

Install MCP and MGE (or straight up MGSO). Sadly, there is no "Unofficial Patch", but there are some assorted plugins that do the same listed on the modding page in this subreddit. Then again, Morrowind doesn't need that much fixing compared to TES4 and 5...

Unlike the terrible "RPGs" like Skyrim, in Morrowind your stats and skills do actually matter. As such make sure to select race/class/birthsign that would fit your play style and not just randomly. If you start with less than 40 in your major skills - you made your character "wrong" and will have a bad time for the first 3-5 hours of that character. No, orc mage wouldn't work no matter what "RPGs" *cough* Skyrim *cough* could make people believe. On the other hand, something like dunmer/altmer born under the atronach and majoring in the destruction, alteration and conjuration is the bloody death incarnate from the get-go.

If you want to play stealth oriented character, especially a thief - good luck and my condolences. Seriously, my pure mage with 45 illusion is better at thieving and sneaking than characters with 80 in sneaking.

If you find that leveling in Morrowind is dumb, doesn't make sense and ruins the gameplay - it's ok to feel that way. Just install some alternative, like GCD or Madd.

In Morrowind it's ok to run away from things. In fact, you'll probably do that a lot in the early game. Especially if you wander somewhere you shouldn't be. Like daedra or vampire infested tombs and fortresses. Friendly advice: you see a golden saint - run for your life.

Also never forget about the "NOPE! I'm not dealing with this shit!" button of Morrowind - Almsivi Intervention scrolls.

P.S. last tip - in Morrowind conjuration has slightly different limitation: you can't have more than one *of the same* creature instead of one creature period. So feel free to abuse it if you're a conjurer or have stockpiled the summon scrolls/items.
It is. Oblivion is a severely dumbed down Morrowind and *everything* after it is just... sad.
Why? You could just watch it on YT and have a better experience.
Same as advertising console as capable of 4k gaming while i just uses some upscaling tricks? Ffs, it's Sony, the hell did you expected?
"Goodbye life starter pack". I mean, you wish for a rhythm game so you probably have a ton of free time anyway.
Caticature................✔

Humanicaticature.....*Pending*
Well, you can certainly see Tel Vos (clashing silhouettes of telvanni spires and rectangular empire architecture)
Wow! *_*

Also, door on one of the Ebonheart towers is glitching
I would disagree strongly. Even with melee characters you still need some more precision and movement capabilities that k&m provide.
Well, we could train them to bite enemy soldiers, then infect them with some kind of plague and unleash them in the battle zones.
You're right, i missed that part. Now i see what the issue was.

They give direction for the main quest, true, but not for the rest of the game's content. That's what i meant. And main quests in TES games are pretty damn bad (well, maybe aside from Morrowind)...
Yes, and semantic versioning FAQ states that your released product should probably have version 1.0.0

Also OpenMW atm has some significant issues, and is incompatible with many mods which was one of the goals of the project. Hence "in-dev", <1.0 version.
But new player does have a direction! Unlike the rest of TES games Morrowind actually cares about gently introducing player to the game. New player is given very specific instructions on how to reach Cosades who immediately brings up a topic of joining guilds or looking for freelance work. And even lists every single faction you can join and where to go to join them. That counts as "some direction", right? 
Then why is it in 0.64 instead of 1.0? Also even their FAQ says that "Tribunal: Main quest is 99% complete (with the exception of some creature models) and playable". Correct me if i'm wrong, but 99% is not "finished".
Says that tablets are bad, list issues with software. Brilliant.
Join a guild (mages/fighters/assassins (Morag Tong)), religious group (Tribunal Temple or Imperial Cult) and a great house (Telvanni/Redoran/Hlaalu). Yes, at least one in each of those groups. Though aside from great houses nothing is stopping you from joining every single one of them...

As for quest - mages guild duties and Telvanni chores generally only require legwork and give you nice set of potions, scrolls, trinkets and in case of Telvanni - even teach you (for free!!) useful spells like mark, recall, blind and cure disease.

If you're male or have bi-Ahnassi plugin - try to become friend of Ahnassi in the Pelagiad's tavern.

In Seyda Neen look for a corpse of a tax collector to the west of the town and check with the barbarian on the second floor of the tawern.
Morroblivion is unfinished. And even when(/if) it is - it wouldn't be compatible with mods. So "no".
"Why".
I don't know. He doesn't have nearly enough of cynicism and pessimism of normal Rick.
Ugh, excuse me, but it's "Tiny Rick, *bi-itch*!".
Yeah, i miss the fact that Morrowind was filled with exotic weaponry, especially the Akaviri ones. Oh, and throwing weapons - those never came back...
Ok, that actually makes surprising amount of sense.

Dunno about the last one - nords do have pretty straightforward influences from nordic (and maybe slavic) cultures.
I would disagree with previous statements and say that stealth is very much not viable in Morrowind. Unless you like pain and quicksave abuse. Sneaking in Morrowind is very raw and basic: light level doesn't affect your chance of detection, characters can often see you through walls and obstacles, you need 60+ sneaking to reliably not get detected **outside** of character's cone of vision. Detection is a toggle instead of gradient like in Oblivion, so game flips between "not detected" and "detected" instantly and at lower levels of sneaking quite often. To the point where your brain could send a signal to press action button to steal item while you're undetected, but by the time your finger presses the button game flips to the detected state. Also if you're a thief - NPCs don't have proper daily routine AI like in Oblivion so you can't just sneak in at night or steal things from sleeping characters - they don't sleep. ~~And i'm pretty sure that enemies don't stop detecting you or searching for you ever once they've detected you once, so once you're detected you have no choice other than to leave location or kill everyone.~~ Nope, that one must've came from some different game. Character do lose track of you if you run away and hide.
Can you explain a bit? I can't see any influence from Japan in it. If anything Akaviri is already established as "Japan of Nirn".
I... Honestly don't see that happening. EVER. What about luck? it doesn't have associated skills so you always have x1 points for it so you need to put 1 point into it for 60 levels to get it to 100...
Also dragons are fucking annoying since they tend to just drop down on you in the middle of a village or town gate, breaking dialogs, killing important quest NPCs and so on.

Also fun fact: there are more types of just lesser daedra and undead in Morrowind that there are monster types in Skyrim in-general.
I would say that rather than cultural origin, the problem of Oblivion and especially Skyrim is its repetitiveness and overall blandness.

* In Morrowind we have: 4 great houses architectural styles, imperial style and ashlander style. And a completely unique city of Vivec.

* In Oblivion we have: 1 nordic town, 1 castle town, 4 somewhat different middle-european styles and Imperial City which is just way too unique in every aspect.

* In Skyrim we have... Ugh, generic rundown nordic houses made out of boulders, generic rundown nordic houses made out of logs, and castle-city of Solitude. And also Markarth, but that doesn't count since it's just yet another dwemer ruin but populated by people.

That's the problem with it - Skyrim's towns have 0 personality of character. You look at the house and you wouldn't ever be able to guess where it belongs. Sure, it does have some rather unique architecture like Dragonsreach or Jorrvaskr, but that's it - 2 buildings in one city (*~~granted it's the first city new player would visit and game is heavily signposted so player would definitely look at them and be amazed because that's the cheap tricks Skyrim's designers use...~~*) in the entire game.

That's why i think that even though Oblivion has even more "generic middle-european architecture" it is still better in that aspect than Skyrim. Oblivion had ONE nordic city which made it feel unique, Morrowind's Bloodmoon had ONE nordic town and one barbaric nordic village (with rather unique longhouse, i might add) which also made then feel unique.

There is nothing inherently wrong with european or nordic style, it's just that if every single town or village in the entire game looks the fucking same... Ok, rant done.
Because no matter how much effort you put into it you **can't** make Morrowind out of Skyrim. While Skyrim has superior engine it has vastly inferior game mechanics and porting Morrowind onto those is travesty and insult to classic like Morrowind for some people (my humble self included)

Like dialogs. Morrowind was made with the idea of a lot of reading and "soaking" in the information in a paused dialog window. Skyrim has real time dialogs that just flash subtitles at you, basically a dialog system build around the limitations of voice acting. Let alone the fact that you would have to abandon topics and their highlight altogether. Trying to bring Morrowind's dialogs to Skyrim's shitty dialog system would just result in unpleasant and probably unplayable game. Same with almost every other aspect of the game: journal and quests, magic, spellmaking, enchanting, alchemy, skills and attributes, weapon and equipment types - everything in Morrowind is way to complex for a overly simplistic system like Skyrim.
Well, we have infinite amount of Ricks in the multiverse so i don't see why this one can't die. Heck, how can you even be sure that if in s03 Rick doesn't die in prison it's the same rick that got arrested in the s02 finale?
* 100% (or as close as you can get while still being able to cast it) Chameleon for 2-3s. Allows you to go on a short stealing spree while still being castable with a relatively low illusion.
* Fortify Personality 100-100p 1s for any bartering or service you might need.
* Jump 30p 1s for faster movement (if my memory serves me correctly, 30 should be enough to freely jump over 1 floor tall buildings or between cantons in Vivec)
* It's good idea to have touch spell with relatively low magnitude but high duration to just "infect" enemy and run away and wait until it dies (since it costs less than the spell with the same damage but in burst and on target)

Basically abuse the fact that 1s spells cost next to nothing compared to sustained effects yet in many cases still allow to reap all the same benefits.
1 gold? What did you do, stepped on someone's leg or something?