Check your NSFW content filter. You need to enable NSFW content in order to see the r/entexchange threads. 
I love both my Underdog and Tubo but in terms of raw power I have to give the nod to the Tubo. I recently got the oversized NonG for the Underdog and I can now get hits that are *really* close to that of the Tubo through a bubbler (D020-D) but the Tubo still takes the cake. It’s had me tapping out more times than I can count in just a few weeks of ownership. 

If I had to chose one, I’d go with the Tubo. 

I will say, make sure you have an arsenal of 18650s if you pick up a Tubo. Even when cruising with Eco mode enabled, it absolutely eats batteries. I typically get 2-3, 5 minute sessions with my Tubo before the battery is too weak to keep the temp at the setpoint during draws. 
The hardest hitting vape I've personally used through water is the Tubo Evic. High temp rips through a bubbler, clearing a full \~0.2 gram pack in one big lung buster gave me a bit of the 'dab sweats' feeling. The log vape comes in close second with an oversized NonG. 

Seems that the general consensus for the 'hardest hitting vape' through water is the Flowerpot. 
Go Bs! 
It’s not that the Pax is a bad vape, it’s just that there are vapes that sell for less money that outperform it. The Pax is inherently inefficient due to its large oven size and conduction heating method. The half pad lid certainly helps but a hybrid or convection style vape will be more efficient by design. It also requires a proprietary charger and is quite stinky when in use/storage. It does however have a very clean aesthetic, stealthy form factor, solid battery life and 10 year warranty.
!verification

FYI... you need to include your Reddit user name and the date of posting in your verification picture. GLWS! 
I reeaaally want one. I’m on the Milaana 2 waitlist. Will probably end up getting a Splinter as well at some point... fucking VAS! Haha 
I’m not sure what the coil material is. 

A bunch of people in the FC thread have posted resistance and TCR values they’ve been having success with though. 
So long as the mod supports TC you can use it with the Splinter I believe. A few people have been using the Tubo firmware with their Splinters as well. 
Wasn’t it just the CFC that had issues with the mouthpiece? 
Thanks u/420edc!! The stems work great with the Tubo! 
Try BIGNEWS
Release date is still TBD. Currently accepting waitlist customers right now. 25% off if you sign up for the waitlist during April. I believe RBT’s current focus is on the first production batch of Splinters... anyone’s guess as to when he gets going on the Mi2s. 

As for price, it’s said they’ll be slightly more expensive than the Milaana 1, which I believe started around $170. The wood choices for the Mi2 are supposedly going to be higher quality woods only. 
I picked up a Jyarz classic, Super Weapon II grinder, oversized NonG for my Underdog and a set of straight glass stems for the Tubo from 420EDC. Also added my name to the Milaana 2 waitlist.
I'd say Underdog and Fury 2.

Once the Underdog is warmed up \(I usually give it 10 minutes or so\) it's about as on demand as it gets. Load up a stem and you're vaping. Works very well at home as you can just leave the 'dog on \(in a safe place, of course\) and anytime you want a rip it's ready to go. I'm not sure if you currently own any glass but the Underdog really shines through a waterpiece. It's very fast extracting and very efficient. I can milk up a bubbler with a little as 0.05 packed in a NonG. If you do decide to go with the Underdog, I'd recommend a NonG stem if you have a waterpiece, glass directdraw and the stainless steel lite for stems. That'll give you a good variety of options.

The 4/20 sale they have going is killer. So many beautiful 'dog's to choose from!

The Fury 2 seems like a great portable. I have yet to try one but it's highly praised on this sub for it's form factor and mostly convection heating method. 
For the Tubo stems that accept the capsules? [This page](http://fuckcombustion.com/threads/tubo-evic.22992/page-102) has some pictures/info. There's also a video on YouTube [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Bt8uPhc7V0)
Gotcha. I thought he mentioned he was having them turned by someone else, Padrino or something like that, but my memory has admittedly been a bit hazy since receiving my Tubo last week... haha.

Regardless, I'm looking forward to them becoming available for purchase!
The capsules fit in the Sticky Brick line of vapes, the Herbalizer and the new Boundless Tera. All without any modifications.

Also, there's a user on FC that's working on custom wooden stems for the Tubo Evic that hold the S&B capsules... they haven't been released for sale yet though. 
For the 4/20 sale price I'd say go for the SWII! The fit and finish on it is great. I haven't used a SW I so I can't compare the two but I think the SWII is a great buy. It produces a nice, fluffy grind that works great for my Underdog and Tubo. 

I had a Chromium Crusher and a Sharpstone prior to the SWII and the SWII blows those both out of the water in terms of quality and features. 
I just picked up a Super Weapon II \(in pink!\) and it has been great so far. One revolution threading, the filleted kief catch and the magnetic/replaceable kief screen are all nice features. Oh, and the easy load nug spot is great as well!

Hell of a deal at $28!
Run it at maximum temperature and give it 30 seconds to a minute in between hits. 

I find a slower draw helps to really milk up glass. 
>You ever met anyone who just hates cilantro?

I have and I was baffled. She says it tastes like soap? First I'd heard that comparison. I love me some cilantro... To each their own I guess!

Nice looking Tubo setup you've got going on... I'm loving chilling on the couch with the whip. The only problem I've run into with my Tubo so far is that if I'm not careful I get too high with it. Thing can really put you down!
I just want to say, to anyone considering the Tubo, you will not be disappointed. The 4+ week wait is well worth it. 

I had high expectations and they have definitely been exceeded! 
I think the main concern with the Tera is the fact that even though the max setpoint temperature is 500F, the heater is most likely getting hotter (how much hotter? Only Boundless/Smiss knows) than that to achieve that temperature in the bowl area where it then comes in contact with the load.

The heater is some, albeit small, distance from the bowl where the flower is loaded. The heater needs to compensate for said distance so in order to achieve the necessary temps to vaporize the flower or concentrate the heater must reach a higher temp than that which is displayed on the screen.
They're built to order. 

Occasionally completed units will come up for sale but those are typically "limited edition" units with custom colors or engraving. 
Hmmm.. So there's zero hissing sound when you press the fill valve with a pen or small screwdriver? 

What brand of butane are you using? 
Are you bleeding/purging the torches prior to refilling them? 
Vaping heady herb

To celebrate and enjoy

Stoner holiday
You'll have better luck getting detailed suggestions over on r/waxpen but yes, there are atomizers for both dry herb and concentrates that you can use with your voopoo box mod. 
Cool. Thanks for the info. Will be interesting to see what they come up with!
Is there any info on vapexhale's portable? I did a quick search on FC but didn't find anything. 
I've only had it since last Friday but so far I absolutely love it. Very powerful device. Very versatile. 

I'm still very much in the honeymoon phase with it but my Underdog will be taking a backseat to the Tubo for the foreseeable future.
Daily Driver(s): Tubo Evic & Underdog

Looking Forward To: Milaana 2, the Haze Square & Boundless Tera
Good stuff. From the few videos I've seen it sure seems that the Tera is a powerhouse portable. Looking forward to hearing your initial thoughts on it!
Nice!! This vape looks like a beast. 

Where did you order it from? Did you have one of the first batch units that were recalled prior to this one? 
Awesome. Thanks!

I've been wanting a scoop-n-tamp tool for a quite a while now
Thanks! You can never have too many succulents.  

I really love the look of the Tubo. It has a great in-hand feel too which I wasn’t expecting. I’m having a hard time putting it down! 

You can use the [TUBOx](http://www.shop.lamart.ch/index.php?route=product/product&path=75&product_id=274) with any 510 threaded box mod. 
> edit: it didn't come with the newest firmware? Do you have the ability for stepped increasing temp during cruise?

Got my Tubo yesterday and it has the latest firmware on it. Same goes for the person that posted their new Tubo yesterday. The temp step cruise is awesome! 
$220
Purchased a Pax in June of 2014. Haven’t used it in quite some time... maybe a year or so ago? Still, I will never get rid of it. It was my first portable vaporizer and I just can’t part with it, even if it just stays tucked away in a desk drawer. 
shop.lamart.ch

4/20 sale runs 4/18 - 4/22. 10% off sitewide. 

You’re most likely looking at a 4+ week wait currently for a Tubo though. 
Digging the beech casing and orange evic! 

Happy to see this vape gaining more popularity. 
Mine shipped out last Thursday... should be here any day now. The anticipation is killing me! 
shop.lamart.ch

Per a post from Funky Junky in the [Tubo thread](http://fuckcombustion.com/threads/tubo-evic.22992/page-108) on on FC: 

> the sale will be 10% sitewide from wednesday 18th to sunday 22nd of april. running low on tubos but will add more slots to the building queue. it will likely result in longer building time.

EDIT: If I were you, I would shoot him a PM on FC or send an email to lamart@oazo.ch if you're looking to place an order for a Tubo and they're still showing "out of stock" on the website. 
10% off sitewide from 4/18 - 4/22
I vape in the evenings only during the week. Microdosing definitely helps keep the tolerance and consumption down and I never get myself to the point where I feel stoned. A nice, light, cerebral buzz is how I'd best describe it. My typical bowl packs are around 0.05 grams and I'll take anywhere from 3-6 over the course of 5 hours. 

When I was combusting daily (bubbler and bong), I would typically wake up feeling lethargic and groggy. Often times a bit 'zoned out' for the first few hours of the day. I never have that feeling the morning after vaping unless I'm doing speed bowls and really trying to get chooched. And even then, it's never as severe as it was when smoking. Also, I used to get very bad sinus congestion when smoking. Never get that with vaping. 
For electric portables, the Tubo Evic and Milaana are both full convection units that are very proficient at microdosing. 


To add to this suggestion, the [titanium tip](https://www.dynavap.com/dynashop/parts/titanium-tip-atp-1) has an adjustable bowl size and is very well suited for microdosing. 
The Starry is a conduction style vaporizer so it'll work best with a fuller oven pack and well ground herb. A light tamp will help as well as the more contact the herb has with the oven the better. 

345F is quite low temperature wise. Lower vape temps typically yield a more cerebral type of high/buzz. I find temps >400F to produce a more "stoned" like high. You should also see more visible vapor at higher temperatures. Many people like to "temp step," increasing the temperature by 10-15 degrees after ever few draws over the course of a session. Different cannabinoids boil/vaporizer at different temperatures so you can somewhat tailor you high based on what temperature you vape at. 

Check out u/mmjvape's [Xmax Starry review](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83VJTM7hqFM) for more tips on how to best utilize your Starry.
Avoid Amazon for 18650's at all costs. Many fakes and rewraps on there.

Below is my reply to someone else asking about 18650 batteries in the weekly help thread: 

> LG HG2, Sony VTC6, Samsung 30Q are all high capacity (3000 mAh), 15A (Samsung) 20A (LG and Sony) max discharge batteries that will work well with your Starry.

> I’m using the Efest LUC V4, 4 bay charger and really like it.

>Make sure you purchase your batteries from a trusted source. IMRbatteries.com, illumn.com and liionwholesale.com are all reputable vendors.
Check out u/mooch315’s recommended 18650 battery list [here](https://batterybro.com/collections/moochs-recommended) for additional batteries.

I purchased my LG HG2's and Efest charger from liionwholesale.com. Very happy with them so far. 
> I'm always impressed how well I can milk the glass with .04 grams.

I've had my Underdog for a little over 2 months now, using it almost daily, and I'm still so impressed with it. Really does milk up glass so well and it's ridiculously efficient!


r/chinaglass
Nice!! What wood type did you go with?

I submitted an email for the Milaana 2 waitlist. Can’t wait to get it! 
Those adapters will work as you’re expecting. Good to go! 

Just a tip, you may want to use a bit of beeswax on the adapters as I’ve had adapters seize together in the past and it was quite the challenge to get them apart without destroying them. 
LG HG2, Sony VTC6, Samsung 30Q are all high capacity (3000 mAh), 15A (Samsung) 20A (LG and Sony) max discharge batteries that will work well with your Starry. 

I’m using the Efest LUC V4, 4 bay charger and really like it. 

Make sure you purchase your batteries from a trusted source. IMRbatteries.com, illumn.com and liionwholesale.com are all reputable vendors. 

EDIT - Check out u/mooch315’s recommended 18650 battery list [here](https://batterybro.com/collections/moochs-recommended) for additional batteries. 
Happy to help! 

I’d say the Milaana is your best bet then. I’m not sure of any sellers in the UK that carry the Firewood 4 and the Lil’ Bud can only be purchased directly from the manufacturer and he is based in New York. 

Plenty of people on this sub use the Milaana on the go. I think it’s one of the best looking vaporizers on the market too.

Good luck in your search! 

Where are you heating on the cap? Try heating closer to the tip/end of the cap. This will give you a lower temp extraction. Also try taking just one hit rather than two and let the high settle in before you take another. 
Session and conduction vapes are *typically* less efficient than on-demand, full convection vapes. 

Conduction/session vapes produce vapor by transferring heat from the oven walls to the herb. Because of this, the herb is still being “cooked” so long as the oven is hot, regardless of whether or not you’re actively drawing from the vape’s mouthpiece. Some examples of this type of vaporizer are the PAX, Boundless CF/X and the Davinci IQ.  

> Say I turn it on and take maybe two hits off of it, and then it shuts off after 5 minutes, have I wasted the rest of the weed in there or is it still good to turn back on and take again?

You can terminate the session before the timer runs out by turning the vape off as you mention above, but the herb will continue to cook some as the oven cools down to room temp. You won’t necessarily waste all of the weed but there will be some wasted herb when using a conduction style vaporizer in this manner. 

With on-demand, convection vapes, heated air is drawn over/through the herb to produce vapor. These vapes will not continuously cook the herb as the hot air only comes in contact with the herb when you’re actively drawing/taking a hit. These are vapes where you can take one or two hits, shut them off and the herb won’t be cooked. Some examples of this type of vaporizer are the Tubo Evic, Milaana, log vapes, Vapexhale EVO and the Firefly 2. 

Hybrid vapes use a combination of both heating methods. Vapes like the Mighty, Fury 2, Arizer Air and Solos are all examples of hybrid vapes. 


Hopefully that helps! 
Thanks for clarifying. 

Just sent an email to be added to the waitlist. 
The chamber screen is still in place in my CF, but that replacement screen you linked appears to be for the mouthpiece. 

Boundless carries replacement chamber screens for the CFV on their website but I don't see one for the CF/X. Your best bet is to either measure the diameter of the oven and try to find a screen on Amazon or the like, or email/PM Boundless u/Eric_boundlessvapes
You make a convincing case. 

Any idea if you can choose your wood type(s) when getting on the waitlist or is it simply when your number is up you choose from what's available? 
Shoot them a PM to and explain your situation u/puffitup
The [Tubo Evic](http://shop.lamart.ch/index.php?route=product/product&path=68_74&product_id=118) meets all of your requirements *except* it's not that stealthy or particularly portable. It'll fit in a small bag but I don't believe it's all that pocketable. They're produced and shipped from Switzerland. 

Otherwise, there's the [Lil' Bud](https://vapwood.com/) by Vapwood (very similar to the Milaana) the [Mistvape Touch](https://www.puffitup.com/MistVape-Touch-p/mv.touch.htm) and the [Firewood 4](https://firewoodvapes.com/products/firewood-4?variant=31061195078). Supposedly the MVT requires you to stir quite often for even extraction and to avoid charring which is pretty big negative IMO.
Damn... I hate VAS!!! I have a Tubo Evic in the mail on it's way to me right now and I absolutely shouldn't preorder a Mi2 but this deal is almost too good to pass up.

Must... have... willpower... 
How are you packing your stems? The Solo 2 should produce some solid vapor, especially at higher temps. Check out u/sneakypetevaporizers Solo 2 [review video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AsAZn0rnNes) for some tips.
It sounds like you have a draw activated battery. Charge it up, thread on the cart and give it a pull. 
My thoughts exactly!

I've seen this user complaining about the "ad campaigning" and the "overhyped, crappy $5 tube" all over this sub and assumed the same thing. Hilarious that he's saying it's overhyped and yet he's only formulated his opinion on it by watching YouTube videos. 

Never change, Reddit, never change... 
Nice!! I ordered one in pink that's due to deliver on Thursday.
That's it. 

[Here's a picture](https://imgur.com/mf4prXJ) of it with my M. The bubbler came with a 18mm to 14mm reducer which I'm using with the fat mouthpiece. 
Check out r/chinaglass and browse their [reputable vendor](https://www.reddit.com/r/chinaglass/wiki/frequently_asked_questions#wiki_who_do_i_buy_glass_from.3F) list and [recommended rigs list](https://www.reddit.com/r/chinaglass/wiki/recommended_rigs). DHGate has quite a few reputable glass sellers where you can pick up glass for cheap. 

I'm using a D-020D from Sunshine Store with my M (and other vapes) and it works great. I'm impressed with the quality, especially considering I only paid ~$40 for it shipped to the US. The shipping times can be a bit lengthy but it's worth it if you're looking for solid, cheap glass. The fat mouthpiece works with 14mm female joints and the M works natively with 10mm female joints. 
A few sites have started their 4/20 sales already:

* [420EDC](https://420edc.com/)
* [Interplanetary Development](https://www.interplanetarydevelopment.com/)

As others mentioned, be on the lookout here for more site sales as we get closer to 4/20.

The Twax rips on the FlowerPot seem incredible. So long as you've got some glass to use it with, I think you're hard pressed to find a more versatile desktop than the FlowerPot. 
Do you plan to use concentrates or just flower? If it's the former, then the FlowerPot will most likely be your best option. If you're sticking to just flower then I'd recommend a log vape (Woodscents, Underdog or E-Nano). 
[Divine Tribe's DC2](http://ineedhemp.com/product/generation-2-dc-ceramic-rebuildable-dry-herb-atomizer/)
Haha I hear ya. Easily the best looking vape out there IMO. It's on my list as well, along with the FlowerPot, a Mi2, a Splinter... It never ends!!
[Here's a video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H9D7y4MX84Q). Really shows you just how compact this vape is too. 
Talk about functional art! I've been following the FC thread and it's quite apparent that Dan truly is a master craftsman. The burl pieces are absolute stunners.
Paging u/choooochoooo
Order placed! Thanks! 
Yeah I hope the same. Some user (can't remember the handle) on this sub had mentioned they posted reviews that were removed... not sure how prevalent of an issue it really is though. 
>As with anything you got a see for yourself.

Truth

I've heard Leafly will remove unfavorable reviews which is shady shit... not sure if that's the case with weedmaps as well. 
Really hoping Interplanetary Dev has a 4/20 sale. I really want a Super Weapon II in the matte pink finish.
The CF (and CFX) both use a mix of conduction & convection (mostly conduction) to heat the herb. The CFV is a full convection unit meaning it heats the herb via hot air passing over it. It only cooks your herb when you're actively taking a pull whereas the CF/X are constantly heating the herb while the oven is heated. 

The major downside to the CFV is it's rather poor battery life. Many users typically report ~3-4, 5 minute sessions before the battery is dead. In comparison, I typically see 8, 5 minute sessions per charge with my CF. The CFX has even greater battery life (2, 18650 batteries compared to 1 in the CF). 

[Here's](https://www.planetofthevapes.com/blogs/blog/boundless-cfv-vs-cfx-vs-cf) a good comparison Planet of the Vapes put together for the CF, CFX & CFV. 
95% on my 7 plus that was new in July. 
How far in are your screens? My NonG screen is in about 3/8", direct draw glass is about 0.5" and my SS lite is about 3/8" as well. I typically use 10.8-11.0 volts with my NonG through water and 10.6-10.8 with my direct draw stems (SS lite and glass). I've never been over 11.3 as I ended up burning my bud when trying that with the NonG. 

With the NonG especially I find if I over pack, or pack too tight, or don't pack/tamp at all, I'll get some charring and uneven roasting. I pack via the "straw" method, sucking up ground herb. A light tamp with a wooden down helps achieve a more even ABV roast. I get one, *maybe* two rips out of the NonG before it's cashed. With the direct draw stems I typically see 2-5 rips before the ABV is where I like it. 
Sure thing! It really is nice to be able to turn them off. 
I’ve used the LEDs as a torch a few times... definitely a handy “feature” haha. 

Lately I’ve been putting the CF into stealth mode if I’m at home/in a dimly let room because they’re just too damn bright! 
Check out r/abv & r/avb

Quite a few ways to use your abv!
I have a Underdog, Boundless CF, Dynavap M and a Pax 1. 

Favorite: Underdog

Why it's my favorite: 
The Underdog is a fantastic plug-in desktop unit. I turn it on when I get home and leave it on until I'm done vaping. On-demand, pure convection rips have never been so easy. It's great for microdosing, fantastic through water pieces and can pack a SERIOUS punch for those times when I want to get heavily medicated. It also produces some seriously tasty vapor with the direct draw stems. Amazing for flavor chasing. Lots of stem options, too. Lastly, I love the way it looks. It's the only vape I keep out in plain sight full time as it doesn't look like a vape in the traditional sense.


Least Favorite: Pax 1

Why it's my least favorite: Needs constant cleaning to function properly and produce vapor as it should. The mouthpiece/power button combo is a poor design choice and fails to function when reclaim builds up. The mouthpiece gets hot with use. The vapor gets to the "popcorn" taste way too quickly. It requires a full oven (~0.3+ grams) to really produce vapor (I know there's a half pack lid/screen trick but I purchased the Pax 1 back when these accessories/mods weren't readily available). Proprietary charger is the only way to charge it. The only positive thing it has going for it is it's form factor. 

I do have a Tubo Evic on order and there's a good chance it will be fighting the Underdog for the top spot in my vape rotation. 



Jam some guitar, listen to music or read are typically my favorite indoor high activities. 

I find snowboarding with a slight buzz to be an absolute blast... Mountain biking, not so much. 
I purchased the [D020-D](https://www.dhgate.com/product/d020-d-9-inches-bubbler-glass-bong-water/244202146.html) from DHGate. Works great with both the Underdog and M (and CF for that matter). I use the 18mm NonG with the UD and the fat rubber mouthpiece with the M. The D020-D came with a 18mm to 14mm reducer so you can use that in conjunction with your 14mm NonG. The fat rubber mouthpiece for the M fits a 14mm female also. 

I clean my glass about once a week. Hot water rinse, quick 91% ISO soak and shake, rinse out again with hot water and it's good as new. Super easy upkeep. 

EDIT: [Here's](https://imgur.com/mf4prXJ) a picture of the M on the D020-D with the fat mouthpiece. The 14mm reducer is in the bubbler. [Here's](https://imgur.com/3AjzHH6) the 18mm NonG for the UD. 
Both will fit the bill per your requirements. I'd say it's up to you to decide if you want regulated (Tubo) power or unregulated, user controlled power (Milaana). 
AJS over on FC has successfully run a Splinter in temp mode using the Tubo firmware on a Weismec mod. Check the thread [here](http://fuckcombustion.com/threads/the-splinter-by-rbt.23476/page-25). There are some good videos and a bunch of information in that thread as well. The Splinter looks like a strong performer for sure. 

If you ever plan to use an atomizer for concentrates like say the Saionara then I think the Splinter is the better buy. Box mods aren't that expensive and then you can swap between the Splinter and an oil atomizer at will. Or, as others have mentioned, there's the TUBOx that works with 510 mods as well.   

The Tubo is more of a complete package for dry-herb use. 


Already Vaped Bud
Seems that the most popular Mighty accessories, besides the dosing capsules you already mentioned, are water pipe adapters, the glass mouthpiece and the base stand. 
This bike looks KILLER! Really hope I can demo this along with the HD4 this season... 
I've been loving my Underdog. i highly recommend it or any of the other log vapes (E-Nano or Woodscents) for a plug in desktop unit. It's ultra efficient, fast extracting, produces great vapor and I love the artisanal look of it. It's the only vape I leave out in plain view full time. 
As others mentioned, they're still working on developing the stems that fit the S&B capsules.  [Here's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Bt8uPhc7V0) a video showing the current prototype. 
I think the method(s) used to get the best flavor are too reliant on the vaporizer that's being used to be totally generalized.

For instance, with my CF, I find sticking to 355 or 375 with a medium/coarse grind yields the best flavor. 

With the Underdog, I'll use either the glass or stainless directdraw stem, stuff a whole unground bud in there, drop the voltage to sub 11 volts and it's straight to flavortown. 

Also, "best flavor" is quite subjective. Some people like the more robust, full flavor that's achieved when vaping at higher temps (say, 400F+) while others want the wispy, lighter, terpy hits typically achieved at lower temps. 
A Milaana is definitely high on my wishlist... doing my best to have some willpower and hold out for the Mi2 though. 

Haven't received my Tubo yet unfortunately. It's currently being built. The wait is brutal!
Killer deal. Such a beautiful unit. If I didn't just pull the trigger on a Tubo Evic I'd be all over this... GLWS!
Awesome! 

Mine is currently being built... cannot wait to receive it. 
Sounds like the [Tubo X](http://shop.lamart.ch/index.php?route=product/category&path=68_75) would be a better option for you. 

AFAIK, the Tubo evic isn’t modular. 
Nice!!! 

How are you liking it so far? 
The S&B capsules don't fit the CF. 

However, you can use the [VapeXhale ELB's](https://www.puffitup.com/VapeXhale-Screens-p/vxh.screen-4pk.htm) in the CF & CFX. 
It really is crazy how powerful these new vapes are. 

> I wouldn’t be surprised if your underdog got a little less love since the Tubo shines as basically a cordless desktop

I have a sneaky suspicion you're right. I've been wanting a vape I can take on-demand hits from around the house without having to go to my desk where the Underdog lives. Plus, I find I have to pack multiple NonG's/direct draw stems with the UD to really get chooched (patiently waiting for the oversized NonGs to come back in stock...). Sure sounds like the Tubo will get me the face melting, on demand rips I'm occasionally after! 
Awesome, thanks for the information. 

I plan to pick up either a Mi2 or Splinter (VAS is too real) once those are released and figure I'll stock up on 18650s and grab a 4 bay charger now. 
I really dig your colorway, quite unique and that yellow evic really pops. I'm just partial to the look of the natural beech. Plus, I reached out to Funky on FC and he is currently building beech and poplar tubos and has a few different color evics on hand (grey being one of them) so my chosen color combo should hopefully cut down on the regular 4 week lead time... The wait for this is going to be brutal!

What batteries are you using? I ordered a Samsung 30Q with my Tubo but plan to pick up a 4 bay charger and 4 additional 18650s. Thinking either LG HG2's or more Samsung 30Q's. 
I did a ninja edit on my original comment... order has been placed!

I went with a beech body and a grey evic. Kinda plain but I think it'll look clean. I ordered the long bent stem, a whip and an 18mm WPA. Couldn't be more stoked!
Wow, what a great, thorough review! 

The Tubo has been on my radar for quite a while now and your review has convinced me that this is the vape that will best compliment my current line up... just placed my order!
You're 100% right. I said what I said because I'm so sick of seeing this guy post brutal lies all over the marijuana subreddits. I have family members who have passed away from cancer, and who are currently fighting it. I was totally insensitive but this guy making light of an illness, posting bigoted remarks and so on have gone on long enough. 

I'll admit he got the better of me and I shouldn't have posted what I did. 

I by no means would ever wish cancer or death on anyone but man do i have zero tolerance for fucks that post the likes of what he posts. No excuse for my comment though and I'll leave it at that. 
Read his post history. He’s a doctor, a therapist, a psychologist, a bigot and he’s had “terminal cancer” with 3 months to live for months now. 

He’s the epitome of a lying troll. 
It’s upsetting your terminal cancer hasn’t killed you yet. 
This. Went to the DR for my honeymoon... asked a few of the beach vendors and sure enough the 3rd guy I asked had herb. Granted, it was absolute bush weed but it did the trick when I rolled it into some spliffs. Haggle with them and you’ll get a handful for ~$20 American. And the best part? I didn’t have to worry about ruining my trip getting caught with an oil cart at the airport! 
Good stuff! The Tubo looks like it absolutely rips through water. 

Have you had to mess with your coil resistance settings at all or have you been good to go with the stock value? How've you been packing the stems? 
Can’t wait to read your full review! I’ve had my eye on the Tubo for quite some time and think I’m about ready to pull the trigger on one. 

Did you get/do you have a WPA you can use with it? 
Yeah, I have a vertical hairline crack that runs the entire length of the oven. Not sure when it developed, I just noticed it the last time I did a deep clean. Doesn’t seem to affect performance though. 
That's exactly what I'm looking for!!

I get ~2 BIG rips from the regular sized NonG and typically will have to pack it twice if I'm looking to party. 
Figured it was only a matter of time before it was permanently stained seeing as it's ceramic. I don't use the ELBs and it stained after ~3 months of pretty regular use... but, I don't clean it as often as I should which I'm sure contributed to how quickly it stained. 
The Underdogs carry a 2 year warranty, not a lifetime warranty like the Woodscents. The "standard kit" isn't quite as inclusive as Ed's but it includes 3 stems of your choosing, beeswax for wood condition, a VVPS w/extension cord, a 12V wall wart and a ABV bag. 

The air path is all stainless steel and the heater is a stainless steel cartridge style unit. 

EDIT: The air path is stainless steel
What?
You'll save yourself $40-$50 by going with an Underdog and an M rather than a Woodscents... but that's about it. 

Just an FYI... Underdog isn't shipping anything until 3/18. 
I follow u/MMJVape's method found [here](http://420vapezone.com/vaporizer-reviews/boundless-cf/clean-boundless-cf/). 

The chamber of my CF is permanently stained... no amount of ISO/scrubbing is getting it back to new, but I don't notice any nasty taste because of it. 
I'll second this suggestion. The UD through the D020-D is awesome. 

Cannot wait to get an oversized NonG... supposedly they'll be back in stock in May. 
I have both an M and an Underdog... Haven't used my M once since receiving the Underdog. For at home, on-demand microdosing I don't think a log can be beat. 

As u/ChiefLoudFlower mentioned, the Woodscents come with a Dynavap Ti tip, a cap and a wood condenser. Best of both worlds as you can use the Dynavap as a standalone vape if you don't want to use the log. 
Yeah it's pretty much inevitable. I find a tamp helps but by no means keeps the screen 100% clear. 

I think the only way to eliminate the issue entirely is to buy the VapeXhale ELB's. 
Maybe try tamping the load a bit? I'll get some herb stuck to the mouthpiece screen of my CF if I loose pack but if I give it a light tamp it helps. I don't have experience with the Titan though so not sure how a tamp will affect draw/vapor production. 
What vape? 
What stems did you get with it?

u/therandomdude69 covered the draw speed. I tend to draw slowly to build heat in the herb and then speed up slightly throughout the draw. 

Try starting with the VVPS set to 11.0 volts and then increase/decrease by 0.1-0.2 volts after some experimentation. I'm typically using 10.7 - 10.8 volts for direct draw stems and 11.0 - 11.1 for the NonG through water. 
Just like your malfuctioning Vapcap with “toxic” metals? 

Go smoke your PCP dipped blunts you troll. 
Zero chance this person owns this vaporizer... don’t hold your breath for a video 
Yeah... I'm going to steer clear of all this "drama" and take his write up at face value... I don't know any of these manufacturers or people personally, or their back stories.

I just like vaporizers, this one piqued my interest on FC, and that's what I'm here to read about. 
Nice, that's pretty solid!!
I'm really looking forward to this comparison! I'm torn between the Tubo and either a Milaana (probably would wait for the Mi2) and the Lil' Bud for my next portable. 
Definitely get in touch with u/puffitup... they'll take care of ya!
Approximately how many draws are you seeing per stem pack? IIRC Mike mentioned it's about 0.08 grams per stem pack after a tamp. 
Great write up! I've been following the thread over on FC... Looks like an awesome vape made by a true enthusiast. I'm glad to see the first batch is being well received by users. 

Love seeing more and more full convection, on-demand portables made from sustainable materials come to market!
I was between the E-Nano and Underdog and ended up going with the Underdog. Couldn't be happier with it. My other vapes are now collecting dust!

I went with the 18/19mm NonG to use it through water, a direct draw glass stem and a direct draw SS Lite stem. I find myself using the NonG majority of the time with the SS Lite stem being used second most. I believe most of the Underdogs include their Standard Kit which consists of the 12V wall wart, extension cord, VVPS, Underbutter beeswax for wood conditioning, ABV bag and 3 stems of your choosing. 

I also picked up extra screens which came with wooden dowels for adjusting them.  
I haven't used a Mighty but they sure are highly praised amongst vaporents. A different beast than the vapes I suggested in the fact that you can get many draws/clouds off of a full oven pack with minimal/no technique. With the on-demand vapes, they *can* session but are really well suited for extracting/killing a full load in just a few hits. 
Based on your reply to u/yourtokingbuddy... 
> I just want something I can turn on and I’ll get fat vape clouds

It sounds like you're looking for an on-demand style vape. Take a look at the Milaana, Mistvape Touch and the Tubo Evic. Fast extracting, minimal heat up time and all three are full convection. Log vapes are on-demand, full convection desktop units that plug into the wall... Again, fast extraction, efficient and lots of flavor. 
What vape(s) do you own/have you used? Are you looking for a portable or desktop unit? 
Yeah the taste really is incomparable. I'll occasionally smoke a joint or take a bubbler/bowl rip when I'm with friends... blech. The taste is pretty horrible... and to think I solely combusted for 10+ years!

Absolutely love my Underdog. Super efficient, the best flavor I've experienced from a vape so far and it really can pack a punch too.  
> Vaporizing has cut my flower usage in half so even with new acquisitions of pieces I'm coming out ahead.

This has been the case for me as well since switching from combustion. 

Even when I get a new vape (Underdog being my latest acquisition) and the honeymoon phase is in full effect I'm still using less flower when compared to my past consumption when combusting. 
It seems this is happening with a lot of the Tera units. [This](http://fuckcombustion.com/threads/boundless-tera.25309/page-35) thread on FC is really active... a lot of people are having off gassing issues. Boundless is asking those with issues to not use their units and ship them back to them/the vendor purchased from.

Here's the response from Eric at Boundless: 

> It appears that the multiple reports of intense off-gassing and unpleasant smells coming from first production Tera units has become an issue that needs a resolution. We are asking that if you received a unit with these issues, refrain from using the device and email Eric@bndlstech.com. We will be asking for those units to be shipped back to us and will undergo further inspection. Boundless will do our best to get a resolution going for the customers who are experiencing reports of continuous off-gassing. Please email to begin discussion on possible short-term solutions.

> We will be offering a replacement to those customers once it has been determined what the root problems are and once those issues have been fixed internally. Also, we are in contact with our manufacturer to get a better understanding of what is going on. Updates will be shared as I am updated.

> Boundless Technology values all our customers and our team is aware that these are indeed serious issues. I would like to sincerely apologize, as I would have liked to comment on this situation earlier. Unfortunately, we have been exhibiting at a trade show which has delayed my response. A mass email will be sent to all pre-order customers regarding this situation with the Tera units. Please email me with any questions.

***EDIT: As others have mentioned, some of the Tera's are fine. The FC thread I linked is a bit of a cluster at the moment. But regardless, if your unit is smoking/off gassing visible smoke then you most likely shouldn't use it and return it for a new unit per Boundless' instructions. 
I haven’t owned an EQ in years but used one extensively a while back. I now own an Underdog as my sole desktop unit (and my daily driver). 

As u/theherbpuffer mentioned, you’re looking at two very different desktop units. The EQ is a session machine whereas log vapes are best suited for fast extraction and microdosing. 

The cyclone bowls that come with EQ are quite large and a full pack can yield many bags/whip draws. Longer, drawn out/multiple sessions are where the EQ shines in my experience. Granted, I haven’t used an EQ with the DDave mod kit with the smaller bowl that situates the herb closer to the heater... from the videos I’ve watched it seems to really help with vapor production/extraction time and is better suited for microdosing with the smaller bowl size. When I owned the EQ I lived with 5 roommates and it worked really well for the large group sessions. We could pack full bowls or elbows that would just go and go, mainly through bags, for multiple sessions. 

The Underdog is a different beast entirely. It works very well for 1 to 2 people. I mainly use it solo or with my wife. I only have 3 stems currently and I find I can get 2-4 rips per stem pack. If we’re both partaking, we’ll have all of the stems packed and hit them back to back... Certainly gets us where we want to be! It’s fantastic at producing large clouds from very small amounts of herb. Very efficient and fast extracting. Really great flavor too. I leave the Dog on for the day/evening and rip instant, on demand rips whenever. It’s small and much more aesthetically pleasing than the EQ in my opinion. I find all log vapes to be some of the nicest looking units you can buy. I have a small China bubbler, the D-020D from dhgate, and the log can really milk it. I can get a strong, bong like rip from it if I kill a whole stem pack in 1-2 pulls which really impresses me. Some kief sandwiched between herb in the NonG and I can get some seriously heady rips through the bubbler. 

For 1-2 people I’d choose a log over the EQ every time. 


The Underdog or E-Nano log vapes are both great options for around $200. Logs work so well for microdosing, super efficient and great vapor production. 

Also the Arizer Extreme Q is ~$150 after coupons and can do bags, whips or can be used through water. 
> I love my underdog log vape, but I find that the optimum use is for a single or maybe a couple of users.

I have the same feeling when it comes to the Underdog and groups. It's perfect for solo use or with one other person but with larger groups you would have to have packed stems queued up to keep everyone satisfied. I can't wait until the oversized NonG's are back in stock... I love my underdog through water but I get 1-2 hits max per NonG stem and sometimes I want a bit more. Sure, it's easy to repack but having a larger stem would be a great option

What heater core is in your UD? I've yet to overwhelm mine and I will occasionally do sessions with back to back to back directdraw stems (2-3 rips per stem pack). 

OP, I think the Arizer EQ is worth considering. Yes, it does bags, but you can also do whips (with fan assist if you'd like) and you can rip it through water as well. Someone posted a video of that yesterday on here and it's some serious vapor. It has a ton of available attachments, puts out solid vapor, can be pretty efficient with the DDave mods and will be way under your $400 budget, even with the full DDave mod kit. 
Back when I was combusting (daily for a 10 year period), I was typically taking 4-6 "snaps" from a bong per evening... ~0.1 grams/snap so in the neighborhood of 0.5 grams per weekday evening. On the weekends I'd smoke on average 2 grams/day. Was right around a full zip per month. 

Now that I solely vape, and have dialed in my microdosing amounts, I'm typically consuming about a half zip per month. Pretty substantial savings and I feel a hell of a lot better. No longer have groggy mornings, I feel that I'm sleeping more soundly and when I bike or run my lungs/cardio feel great. 

So yeah, I'm consuming a lot less herb, feeling a lot better and enjoying the effects I get from vaping a lot more than combusting.
I was between the E-Nano & the Underdog for my first "entry level" log vape and ended up going with the Underdog. Couldn't be happier with it. It has blown my expectations out of the water and then some. 

Part of the reason why the Woodscents unit carries a $100+ premium over the E-Nano & Underdog is because Ed includes EVERYTHING with your purchase. The big bonus being a Dynavap Ti tip with cap and a wood condenser so you have a Vapcap that can be used standalone vape. He also includes glass & wood WPAs, direct draw stem, aroma dish and some consumables. 

My wife loves the Underdog and it's the first vaporizer that she lets me keep out in plain sight 100% of the time. It sits on a table with lots of plants & pottery and just looks so natural! I'm working on convincing her the UD needs a friend in the way of a Woodscents haha. 
You're well on your way with your log vape collection already! 

The Musa uses a halogen bulb right? Haven't looked into them much but the halogen bulb heat source is very interesting. 

Of your Underdog, Woodscents and HI which do you find yourself using most often and why? I love that Ed includes so many accessories with the Woodscents... Soup to nuts he's got you covered. 

This is my goal as well... I want a Woodscents next. Nice rip!
Haha same... Just a minor oversight on Haze's part.
Vaporizer Acquisition Syndrome... I can’t stop buying new vaporizers. 
Yeah that’s important to point out. Haze has been very upfront with those that are receiving the preordered, first run units. They’re using experienced vape users (which is why they really only announced the preorders on FC) feedback to better improve the production units that the masses will see. 
Yeah it seems a lot of the Tera owners in that thread are having some serious off gassing... It'll be interesting to see what Boundless has to say. My CF took quite a few burn offs at 415F to get rid of the manufacturing "residuals" but nothing like what's being described in that FC thread. Granted, a lot of them are doing 500F burn offs but still it's some serious cause for concern. 

That's good to hear about the draw resistance. I'm really curious to hear how it differs from the CF/X units. Hoping we get some more initial impressions and reviews here.
What do I hate about vaping? VAS. 
Haze ran a preorder on [Fuck Combustion](http://fuckcombustion.com/threads/haze-square.20593/page-42#post-1216736). First batch of units were shipped out to users mid last week. Non-preorder units are still scheduled to ship in April last I heard. 
I'm assuming we won't hear much of anything from the Boundless staff until CHAMPS is over. I believe today is the last day... But yeah, the thread over on FC is a bit concerning to say the least. Really curious to hear what Boundless has to say... 
Glad to hear your unit isn't off gassing like crazy... some of the reports/videos on Fuck Combustion are quite unnerving. 

How's the draw resistance?
IIRC it was a weekly thread right after the rule changes were implemented but has since been changed to daily. I agree that weekly would be better as well
Pretty much. Set it to max temperature and let it run through it’s session timer a few times. Always good practice to swab the chamber and mouthpiece(s) with ISO on a q-tip as well. 
Nice! Initial reviews sound pretty positive. Make sure you do some burn offs before loading your first bowl! Seems the Tera has a bit of plastic funk from the manufacturer 
The Tera has two removable 18650 batteries. So when the batteries are depleted you can swap in freshly charged ones and be off and running again. 
I typically only smoke in social settings/at parties but even in those situations I usually have a vape with me and will opt for that over a joint or blunt. 

When I’m home though, 100% vape. 
The symbol that looks somewhat like the Pax “X” and LED?

Not sure that makes this post worthy...
Thanks for posting your initial thoughts! How's the AVB look after two, 5 minute sessions at 360? Pretty even extraction? 
> **most likely**

> Conduction style vapes **typically** lend to a more roasty, robust vapor profile

I'm not stating my suggestions as fact/as if I've used the IQ, as noted above. I haven't use an IQ, but I own a Pax, have used an Arizer Air I and an Arizer EQ extensively. Maybe "roasty, robust" wasn't the best way to describe the vapor but that's how my Pax tastes in comparison to the other vaporizers I own and have used. 
> Yeah because when you really want to taste that coffee you add a bunch of milk to it...

Not even sure where you're going with that

Gotcha. 

As others have suggested, the Flower Pot looks like a hell of a desktop rig. Dabs through a big bowl of flower... some next level shit right there. 
> One of the most important factors in my decision will be vapor taste quality. I want to really be able to taste the difference between my strains.

If this truly is your #1 priority, then you will most likely be disappointed with both the IQ and the Pax 2/3. Both are conduction style vaporizers, meaning they produce vapor by heating an oven which is in contact with your flower. This contact then transfers heat from the oven to the flower and thus produces vapor. Conduction style vapes typically lend to a more roasty, robust vapor profile. 

For a more "pure" tasting vapor profile you'll want to focus on vapes that are of the full convection or hybrid heating variety. Convection vaporizers produce vapor by heating air which is then pulled through/around the herb. Hybrid meaning vapor is produced by a combination of both conduction & convection. The Firefly 2 is a convection style vaporizer. It's praised for producing some very flavorful vapor. I've seen it mentioned multiple times that it can be a bit finicky when it comes to herb grind type, packing and draw speed but as with anything once you get the technique down it will become second nature. 

Just curious, but what do you find lacking with your E-Nano? 
Awesome! Sounds like the Fury 2 is a perfect fit for your needs. I've heard nothing but good things about it so I'm not surprised you like it. 

I haven't used a Pax 2 or 3 but I own a Pax 1. It was my first portable vape and I was initially pretty impressed with it... back in 2014. I honestly haven't looked at what improvements were made on the Pax 2 and 3 but the original Pax quickly lost its luster after a month or so of ownership. It was a nightmare to clean, it took a lot of herb (full oven) to work well, the mouthpiece/power button interface would almost always fail to work once resin built up along the stem. And the vapor output/flavor was nothing to right home about. In my opinion, it's only major selling point was the aesthetic and form factor. Also, Ploom is really good at marketing.
I really hope this one is a winner also. On paper it seems like a hell of a deal at ~$200.
Any idea when you guys will start seeing Mi2's and Splinters? 
Nice! The Fury 2 seems like a great portable vape for a solid price... I think you'll really like it. Curious to hear what your thoughts are on it in comparison to your Pax 3.

Nice. Looking forward to seeing it. Done in crayon or colored pencil? 
Any chance you're willing to share your poster that's due on Friday?
Not surprised to see that the company publishing these is located in the deep south... They list "greater risk of having unprotected sex" as one of the unpleasant side effects on the back... Nothing gets me all horny and lets me throw inhibitions to the wind like a bunch of chuffs off a vape pen! What the actual fuck. 
Check out [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D7SC7w3ywf8&t=8s) comparison video by u/MMJVape. The Starry, Fog and Fury 2 are all very popular with this sub and should be on par, if not outperform, the Pax 3 in all aspects except for aesthetics/form factor. And all three are at a lower price point than the Pax.

The Boundless CF/X units are also popular, affordable, mostly conduction portables that are reliable and put out solid vapor. 
Jeez... any idea where someone could get this 'ear wax' that John tried? 2 days of effects off of 1 puff... I need that! 
Good to know, thanks! I've seen the power adapter for the Tubo on FC and it looks awesome. I use my Underdog at home ~95% of the time, microdosing throughout the day/evening. I don't see that changing much, even if/when I get a Tubo. The Tubo would mainly be used when I want longer, drawn out sessions on the couch. 

My CF and Vapcap are the out of the house/hiking/camping vapes. I'd be too concerned with my clumsy ass breaking the glass stems of the Tubo to use it out and about. 
Nice, that's most likely how I would use it as well. Session mode seems perfect for my use case. 

Do you see pretty even extraction with your Tubo? How are you packing your stems? I've seen a few different methods over on FC. 
Thanks for the reply! I imagine you're using your HN-02 & Flowerpot at home most of the time... I'm lusting over those two units big time. 

Do you prefer the Dual over the Tubo simply because of the extended battery life with the two 18650s? Functionality wise they're identical, right? I would use my Tubo almost exclusively at home so I don't think the Dual would be necessary for my use case. 
Nice... I'm always looking at the ones that are in stock, too. I don't know if I could wait 4-6 weeks for a custom one. 

How do you typically use your Tubo? Direct draw from a stem, whip, through water...? On demand or session mode? 
I don't know if my VAS will ever be quelled... but my Underdog is easily my favorite vape. Log vapes are no joke that's for sure. 
I've configured one countless times on the website but just haven't pulled the trigger yet. Once I get my tax return I'll probably cave and get one. 

What wood type is yours? I'm back and forth on the colored ones but they do look awesome. If I were to order one today it would be a grey eVic with natural beech wood. 


Nice review! Been looking forward to this one. Always impressed with the vapor this thing can put out. Love the unique look of it too. 

Did you mess with the resistance setting at all or did you keep it at the value Funky Junky set? 

I was so close to buying a Tubo but ended up going with a log vape instead. It's still on my hot list though and I may end up purchasing one soon... VAS is a bitch.  
Seriously. Was really hoping to ride the new Capra at NEMBA Fest. 
It may be worth it to hold out for the Mi2. A bit smaller form factor and RBT has *decreased* the airflow a bit as there’s now a small air inlet on the front side of the box as opposed to the larger open inlet that sits next to the ground joint of the Mi1. Check out [this thread and the videos from AJS](http://fuckcombustion.com/threads/milaana-ii-by-rastabuddahtao.26104/page-3). Seems that the reduced airflow makes for easier temp regulation and less technique to achieve great vapor production. 

The Tubo and Splinter would be great regulated options but the Tubo does seem a bit bulky for sneaking into a concert and such. The Splinter is probably the most inconspicuous of the bunch people are pretty accustomed to seeing box mod e-cigs. 

Really don’t think you can go wrong with any of them though! 
Vaporizer of the year? It's not even for sale yet and we're just over a month into 2018. Pump the brakes a bit bud. 
I assumed he was talking about microdosing with LSD. 
Glass airpath/mouthpiece on the Argo compared to the plastic one on the Fury 2. However, it seems that many people prefer using the glass WPA for the Fury 2 as a mouthpiece so that's kind of a moot point. Can also be a knock against the Argo as it doesn't have a WPA... yet. Fury 2 also has that small removable silicone screen/seal which could be seen as a negative. Removable 18650 on the Argo is definitely a plus. 

The few Arizer products I've used all had stellar build quality. I'm sure the same goes for the Argo. However, that build quality probably doesn't warrant the $130 price gap between the two devices. 
Check out r/chinaglass. DHGate has a few reputable sellers (Sunshine Store, Clean Clear Glass) that sell some very popular bubblers, recyclers, etc. for <$50. They ship from China so the wait time can be a couple of weeks but it's well worth it IMO. I picked up a D-020D from Sunshine Store and absolutely love it. Took a little over two weeks to receive it (I'm in the northeast, US)
If price isn't an issue go with the Mighty for sure. 
I haven't used an MV1 but supposedly the vapor quality is about as good as it gets for a portable unit... beyond that it seems to fall short, especially for the $295 price tag. Most of the complaints stem from the clunky user interface, the crucible bowl system and the inconsistent vapor quality. 

I've been following the thread on fuck combustion and it seems that if you get a good working unit it can put out some truly awesome vapor and extract a full crucible of flower in just a few hits but many have issues with uneven extraction, having to get the crucible pack just right and almost all units suffer from a high pitch "squeal" while heating up. 

Aside from the QC issues and the odd interface it's not a bad first production unit for a new company. I'm really hoping Ghost keeps it together for a second iteration that keeps the vapor quality top notch but improves the UI. 

But yeah, for what you're looking for in a vape, those MV1 doesn't fit the bill. You would constantly be reloading crucibles to get a large group stoned and it's almost a guarantee that your friends wouldn't know how to properly use/pack the thing without guidance. 

As others have suggested, the CFX sounds perfect for your usage. It has a dead simple UI, large bowl and is less than half the price of an MV1. It's also awesome through water with the WPA. If your friends don't think vapes get you high, have them take some rips off a CFX through a bubbler/bong at max temp. 
That deep discount sale for the CF has passed. If you purchase it from Puffitup.com and use coupon code PUFFEDUP (15% discount) it drops the price to $93.50. I think that's the best deal going for the CF at the moment. 
I'll preface this by saying I don't think you can go wrong with any of the log vapes. The nano, Underdog and woodscents are all well regarded log vapes with big followings. 

I received my Underdog last Friday and even with limited use thus far it's far surpassed my expectations. It's absolutely going to be my new daily driver. I optioned it with a glass direct draw stem, a stainless steel stem and a 18mm NonG to use through my D-020D bubbler (which I plan to use it through most of the time). 

I was looking at the E-Nano as well but ultimately went with the Underdog based on some feedback from users on here and the fuck combustion thread. Also, 3 stems of your choice are included with the Dog as opposed to just 1 with the E-Nano which is nice bonus. 

It's amazingly efficient and the pure convection heating makes for super tasty vapor. What really blows me away is how dense I can get the vapor with so little flower through my bubbler. The NonG bowl is quite small... I haven't weighed it yet but I estimate a full pack is between 0.05-0.075 grams. Maybe 0.1 if you really pack it. I run it at 11.0 volts and I can kill a NonG pack in one go through the bubbler but boy is it potent. The density of the hit is something I can't come close to with my CF or Vapcap. 

I did read that the E-Nano heats up faster than the Underdog. I need to do some more testing but I've been letting my Dog preheat for ~15 minutes before using it. But once it's warm, I just leave it on and then it's on demand rips whenever you want! I got the figured black walnut UD and it really is beautiful. It's much smaller than I had anticipated but I actually like the small form factor as it's easier to use. 

Regardless, I don't think you can go wrong with either the E-Nano or the Underdog. Look at the options, the FC threads, etc and go with whatever one you like better. I will say I think I'm a log vape guy now. Couldn't be happier with my Underdog. It's so damn good. 
You can pick up the Vapcap M for $55. It's highly praised on here and for good reason. It's high quality, super reliable, easy to maintain and produces some great vapor/effects. I love mine! Hard pressed to find another vaporizer at that price point that's worthwhile. 
It's smaller in size, has single digit temp control with an OLED display, comes with a WPA and has a smaller bowl/will be better suited for microdosing. Also, more convection than the CF even though it's still a hybrid unit. If those are features you're looking for then yes, it's a worthy upgrade over your CF.

u/MMJVape recently released [this comparison video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D7SC7w3ywf8) of the Fury 2, Xvape Starry and Fog. Worth a watch if you're looking into a new portable in the ~$150 range. 
Nice!! You're going to love it. My old plug owned a Volcano Classic (granted, this was years ago) and that thing used to knock my socks off. Way better vapor production than the EQ. Enjoy it!
The Arizer Extreme Q is a great, versatile and affordable desktop vaporizer. I don't own one any longer but used one extensively for a few years. What's your main usage scenario going to be? Solo sessions or will you be using it in a group setting?

I would recommend purchasing it from Puffitup (I know I sound like a shill but their customer service rocks and they have great prices) and use coupon code PUFFEDUP to save 15%. 
PUFFEDUP will net you a 15% discount. 
Sure thing! Happy to help.
The only vendor I'm seeing that has them in stock currently is [Vapor Warehouse](https://www.vaporwarehouse.com/site/vapehale-evo-elb.html). I've never ordered anything from them... Puffitup, Grasscity, Everyone Does It, etc. are all showing out of stock and have been for quite some time. 
The [Boundless CF Hybrid](https://www.puffitup.com/Boundless-CF-Hybrid-p/bound.cf-hyb_bla.htm) is your best bet. It has a dedicated flower chamber on one side and 510 threaded connector on the other for e-cig/oil atomizers. It looks like Puffitup sells it with a e-liquid tank as well. This unit has a removable 18650 battery which is a huge plus. 

Otherwise, your best bet is to find a box mod with temp control (look at the Eleaf box mods such as the Pico 75w) and pick up a dry herb atomizer such as the [Divine Tribe Gen2](http://ineedhemp.com/product/generation-2-dc-ceramic-rebuildable-dry-herb-atomizer/) and then whatever e-cig liquid atomizer you want. 
Seriously. I recently got a D020-D off of DHGate and ripping the CF through it has been an absolute game changer. 
Damn, that must have sent you straight to outer space! 
Favorite vape in my current rotation is the Dynavap M. I was weary at first thinking that a butane vape wouldn’t be for me but boy was I wrong! Love the simplicity of it, and the ritual of heating it with a torch. It brings me back to the early days when I was ripping joints and one-hitters. It’s super durable and it packs a serious punch! Love using it through water. All around a great solo vape. 

Thanks for putting on this giveaway!! So nice of ya to give back to the community! 
As is standard protocol with most vapes, give it a full charge per the manufacturers instructions and then do a few burn offs to get rid of any residuals that may be present from the manufacturing process. With no herb in the chamber, turn it on and set it to the max temp of 415. Let it run through it’s 5 minute session timer a few times. I did this 3 times (15 minutes in total) before my first bowl. I also did a quick swab of the chamber with an ISO soaked q-tip and let it dry/evaporate before loading it with flower.

I find it works best with a half pack or more but smaller loads do still work. I like to lightly tamp the load. The lower temps (355-370) give you great, terpy hits with a lighter buzz. 385-415 and you’ll get some thick clouds and a fantastic high. Don’t forget to save your AVB for edibles if you’re into that. I brush the chamber out right after I’m done which helps keep cleanup to a minimum. 

You don’t need to do them right away (or at all) but as others have mentioned, look into the ELBs and mouthpiece screen mods. 420vapezone has a write up and video showing the CF mods in detail. 

Most importantly, enjoy your CF! It’s a great vape.
First (and only) desktop - Arizer EQ. Bought this with my post college roommates. We wanted something that did bags but were too poor to buy a Volcano. This was in 2011. We’ve all since moved/bought homes/got married/etc but my buddy that took it after we moved out still uses it daily! Anytime I visit him we rip bags and it still works great. 

First Portable - Pax 1. I was looking for something ultra portable and didn’t do much research. It was expensive and although it worked well as a vape to take on hikes, snowboarding and camping trips, I haven’t used it in years. Required constant cleaning otherwise the mouthpiece fails to turn the device on. It’s a flower hog and it gets to the “popcorn” taste way too quickly. 
The ArGo. 
It will certainly work fine with a less than full bowl but I find vapor production is best with at least a half full bowl.  But yeah, even at 1/4 full you’ll still get some vapor. 
As others have mentioned, try some higher temps if you haven’t already. I own the CF which has a maximum temp of 415, compared to the CFX’s max of 430, but I’m still able to kill a full 0.3 gram pack in 4-5 hits through water and get myself absolutely chooched. 
Yeah that was me that asked... not sure why my comment was deleted? Regardless, thanks for the directions! I’ll be up at Sunday River in a few weeks and will definitely scout this spot out.
Love Sunday River! I ride there pretty regularly. Do you mind sharing what lift/peak this is off of? 
Nice that’s good to hear! I’ll plan to pick one up when I get my tax return (and a Tubo Evic... fucking VAS haha). 

How do you like your e-nano so far? 
I can’t describe why but I like the look of the e-nano better than the UD. Regardless they both seem like awesome log vapes produced by great companies that stand behind their products. 

Any idea what the wait time is on the e-nano currently? Did they give you an estimated ship date when you ordered? 
I ordered mine on 1/6 and it arrived on 1/18. I’m in the northeast US. I was surprised at how quickly it got here. Hope yours shows up! 
I keep the carb fully closed when using it through water. Can produce some pretty thick vapor! 
I know it’s designed to be an ultra efficient, microdosing desktop but is it possible to use the e-nano as a “session” vape? Can you push the screen farther into the glass stem to increase the load size and still get full, even extraction over a longer drawn out session? I’d use it through water with <0.1 grams 90% of the time but if it can session a bit as well I’d be completely sold. 
I don’t own a Sai but it gets a ton of praise as one of the best wax atomizers out there. Hard to beat the price too!

Check out [this guys YouTube channel](https://youtu.be/zYL_yrExafw). He seems super knowledgeable on the Sai, various coil options and temps. 

Also, u/MMJVape did a review on the Sai. He goes over a few of the more popular coils and water attachments. You can watch [here](https://youtu.be/DbZir0jRcUQ). 

I live in a legal state but rec sales aren’t live until July and I don’t have good access to concentrates currently but you better believe I’m getting a Sai this summer!
As u/Paulhaus mentioned, do the ELB and mouthpiece screen mods to improve airflow and help keep the oven clean. Also, the replacement mouthpiece screen will collect a bunch of reclaim that you can vape. Free dabs!

The CFX, even at max temp, won't ever combust. You can vary the temperatures to better tailor the effects you're after. Obviously these effects are still mostly dictated by the strain's dominance (sativa or indica) but lower temps will typically yield a more cerebral, active/daytime buzz (<400F) where as higher temps will have a more sedative effect (>400). 
Or, you know, we could talk about the *actual* benefits. Like if you're depressed and/or have anxiety and it can make that 100x better. 

But no, let's pretend that a substance has the same effect on every single human. 
Ahh gotcha. Vapor bonging is only suited for home use that's for sure. If your usage case ever changes and portability no longer becomes a priority I'd highly recommend it though. 
Have you tried it through a water piece like u/oozzo mentioned?

I don't have an Air but I find both my butane powered vape and battery powered vape are MUCH smoother through a bubbler or bong. You sacrifice taste but the vapor is much cooler than when direct drawing from the stem. The GonG adapter is ~$20 for the Air.
If I'm using kief then I'm looking to get really toasty, so max temp on the CF which is 415. I always go with the flower-kief-flower sandwich. Works great!
1. Boundless CF
2. Dynavap M
3. Pax (original)

Haven't used the Pax in over a year. Hard to say which is my favorite between the CF and the M as they both are used in different scenarios. A full convection, on-demand vape is next up to quell my VAS.
You can add flair via the sidebar. Not sure if you can do it on mobile... may depend on your Reddit app. 
Nice! My plug only ever has carts and I suck them down too quickly for them to be cost effective. 

What other coils do you like in your Sai besides the donut? 
Zero chance these load weights are accurate. The CF is a fantastic vape, especially for the price, but is poorly suited for microdosing. Unless you just want a few terpy tasting hits and no vapor, 0.01 ain’t gonna do diddly. And .007 in a M? That’s like a few crumbs. Not buying it. 
Good stuff. I don’t have consistent access to concentrates but once rec goes live in my state this summer I’m absolutely picking up a Sai. 
I’ve had my CF since November and after some trial and error I find this method gets me where I want to be consistently. I haven’t done the ELBs yet either. I find the oven stays pretty clean if I swab it out right after finishing a session and if I want to do small loads I grab the Vapcap anyways. <0.1 gram loads in the CF are pretty underwhelming unless I vape at 400 or 415. 

For weekend sessions and when sessioning with others the CF rocks. Kief sandwiched between some flower at 400 or 415... zooted! 
What vape? 
Nice. If I have a full oven I almost always start at 370 (so tasty!) for a full 5 minute session. Then bump up to 385 for another session and then finish at 400. Sometimes I'll jump to 400 midway through the second session if vapor production starts to drop off. 

Yep. Hopefully schools are cancelled keeping the early commuter traffic volume to a minimum. 
Typical weekday evenings (I don't consume during the day) is 2-3 Vapcap bowls. Each pack ends up right around ~0.1 grams so 0.2 - 0.3 grams total. That's my normal usage. 

If I'm using the CF I typically don't like to pack it less than half full which works out to around 0.2 grams. Full oven is ~0.3 grams. If I do a full oven then I'll typically draw it out over 2 to 3, 5 minute sessions starting at either 370 or 385 bumping up one temp increment each session and finishing it at 400 or 415. 
[Had to](https://i.imgur.com/KJ1PgZ8.gifv)
Nice review Troy!

The crucible bowl system is the absolute last thing I’d want to be fiddling with while high. Burnt finger tips, spilled AVB/herb and a lot of swearing I’d imagine...

Hopefully Ghost keeps that top notch vapor quality while vastly improving the UI on the next iteration. 
Cannabis contains a variety of different compounds such as CBD, THC, CBN, etc. Each compound has a specific boiling point at which it is, in this case, vaporized. Each of said compounds have a different effect.  A typical rule of thumb, as mentioned by others in this thread, is that lower temps (<400F) produce a more cerebral, clear high. Where as higher temps will produce a more traditional “stoney” effect. 

[Heres a good article](https://www.leafly.com/news/cannabis-101/how-to-customize-a-cannabis-high-with-temperature) that outlines some of the major compounds, their boiling points and their typical effects on the user. 

For me, I vape at 385F or under during the daytime. Before bed or when I want to get blitzed I’ll vape above 400F. 
Check out the Tubo Evic if you’re considering the Milaana. It too is a full convection portable with a user swappable 18650 battery BUT it has a evic VTC mini mod box that’s used for temp control. Can be used on-demand, like the Milaana, or in session mode. 

I’m between the Mighty, Milaana and Tubo for my next vape and the Tubo will most likely be it. 
Is it actually in stock anywhere or still just preorder? 
Nice! The WPA for my CF is due to deliver today... still have to wait a couple weeks for my bubbler to arrive from DHGate but regardless I'm stoked! What glass are you using this through OP? 
I haven't received it yet, but I ordered [this](https://www.dhgate.com/product/d020-d-9-inches-bubbler-glass-bong-water/244202146.html) bubbler from DHGate to use with my CF and Vapcap. 

Check out r/chinaglass for more information on popular water pieces that can be purchased from DHGate. Sure, shipping isn't the fastest from China (I placed my order this past Saturday 1/6 and my expected delivery date is 1/19) but there are a ton of really affordable options that are well reviewed. Sunshine Store & Clean Clear Glass are two DHGate sellers that have great customer satisfaction and piece selections. 
Awesome. Looking forward to it! 

I really liked your Milaana review and it instantly put that unit on my radar. My main hang up with it is the ability, or rather lack thereof, to easily do low temp extraction. I typically stick under 385 for daytime extraction and I fear with the Milaana I'll be constantly rocking myself at times when I just want a nice, clear cerebral buzz. That's what's drawing me towards the Tubo... seems to be the best of both worlds.
Ah nice! Do you plan to do a full review on it eventually? 
I’ve got my fingers crossed for you also! Product launches always have their hiccups, eh? 

It looks like it’ll be a great device though... Ticks a lot of boxes for a relatively affordable price. Can’t wait to start seeing it on here and in some video reviews. 
Sure thing. Puffitup bought one of the fake Mighty’s and did a comparison with a legitimate one. Check it out [here](http://blog.puffitup.com/2015/08/fake-mighty-vaporizers-we-bought-one-it-sucks/). 

If you Google “fake Mighty” you’ll see a few other popular vape blogs that outline how to spot the fakes also. 
Never once heard of those issues with either the Mighty or Crafty.  There are some fake units that are prone to a slew of quality issues such as melting but those issues aren’t present on the legitimate Storz and Bickle units. 
Nope. Boundless website still says orders start shipping on the 10th but that could certainly change again as it already has. 
I wish I could OP but I do not own one... yet. It’s high on my “want to own” list and may be my next vape purchase. 

There’s a 85+ page thread for it over on Fuck Combustion with tons of good information. The manufacturer is very active in that thread. 

It’s a box mod, TCR controlled, full convection portable that can be used on demand (heater only active when the “fire” button is pressed) or as a sessions vape (constant set temp that keeps the heater on for a set period of time).
> but I have read the fuck out of the FC forums

Ha! You and I both. I can’t keep away from that thread!

I saw Vapelife Xs preview and I’m hyped for his full review to drop. Really hope u/MMJVape gets his hands on a Tubo also for a review. The new Dual version really looks awesome, too. I may wait for a few more reviews before making my decision but right now I’m between the Milaana, Tubo and Mighty with the Tubo in the lead. The fact that it can run both on-demand and as a session vape in Cruise mode really is awesome. Swappable 18650s, full convection and it just flat out looks cool IMO. Love how active and responsive u/choooochoooo is too with firmware updates and whatnot. Great to see manufacturers that are so in tune with their product and user base! 
Do you own a Tubo? I’m having severe VAS right now and was going to order a Mighty but the Tubo has really piqued my interest... don’t see it mentioned all that much on this sub. 
Sure thing! I've been looking for a good visual to share with my buddy that has a boatload of reclaim in his Arizer EQ elbows. I'll be sure to forewarn him to not drink stem milk and then try to go out for the night haha. Thanks for the detailed instructions! 
Jesus. Is your face melted after that or what?!?

My buddy that has his med card occasionally gets moonrocks and I so badly want to vape some through my M. 
You'll have better luck over at r/oilpen
I have quite the opposite effect with vaping. I've been a regular smoker for the past 10 years and for a majority of that time I smoked through bongs, bubblers, dry spoons and joints/blunts. I almost ALWAYS end up with sinus congestion after combusting. Whether it be two snaps from a bong, one bowl out of a spoon or a few hits off a one hitter. Smoke, then ~5 minutes later, sinus congestion like I have a cold. 

With vaping, I have yet to have this issue. Doesn't matter if it's 2-3 rips of a Vapcap or back to back sessions out of my CF. Zero sinus congestion. 

Maybe try a larger water piece with a better percolator? There are some well reviewed bubblers & recyclers on DHGate that are in the $30-$50 range. The MFO seems quite small and the diffuser/perc is rather simple. I have a Pax 1 and I find the vapor gets hot & harsh much quicker than on my Boundless CF... a vape with a dedicated cooling unit, like the Mighty or Crafty you mentioned, may help also. The only experience I have with a full convection vape is the Arizer EQ using both bags & whips. I do get some minor irritation after multiple bags but nothing that's unbearable or session ending. 

Good luck and I hope you can find a vaping solution that works for you!
Check out this stem milk walk through - https://imgur.com/gallery/sXL5r

Courtesy of u/Mushro0mMan
~7" in Melrose. 
Your assumption is correct.
Holy hell these look delectable. Nice job OP! You do these while drunk? Regardless it all looks so damn good. 
My CF is fully charged and I've got plenty of extra butane for my Vapcap torch. Oh, and some tasty Blue Dream too.

I live just north of Boston and work is already cancelled for tomorrow for both the wife and I. I'll be "working" (aka vaping) from home.

Hope everyone in the northeast is safe tomorrow and fingers crossed for no/limited power outages!
Pretty damn impressive for a portable vape that's for sure. I know the more fiscally responsible route for me is to pick up a WPA for my Boundless CF & rubber mouthpiece for my Vapcap along with a cheap bubbler off of DHGate but damn do I want a Mighty.
2-3 good rips (which is typically one bowl at 0.1ish grams, 3 heat cycles/rips) from my Vapcap gets me more stoned than 2-3 rips off a one hitter bat. Tastes a hell of a lot better too! 
Thanks! Congrats on your win as well! I came in 2nd in this league last year and barely snuck into playoffs this season with the 6th spot (12 team league) and ended up taking it all. Really should save my winnings but it was $800 take home after league dues so even if I spend $300 on the Mighty I can tell the wife I'm saving $500 haha.

The Sticky Brick vapes really do look awesome and from what I've read they can truly knock your socks off. How was the learning curve for you? Seems to vary quite a bit user to user. Are you using it with the mouthpiece or through water/glass? I had always steered clear of butane vapes but the Vapcap has been a joy to use and sees more frequent use than my Boundless CF. 
Nice! I have totally forgotten all of the integration rules... this sure brings me back.
There ya go! The Mighty is an expensive unit and in today's market there are plenty of worthwhile options at more affordable prices. Love my CF and Vapcap and the Fury 2 looks like a great portable as well. 
Save just ~$7/week and you'll be able to own one in a years time. That's like two Starbucks coffees, or one or two beers at the bar. You can do it!!!
Thanks for the reply!

That's typically how we used our EQ as well. There were 5 of us living in the apartment and everyone partook so it worked very well for long, multi-person sessions. The taste was what always blew me away and it's so efficient. Glad to hear the Mighty's vapor taste is on par with the EQ! 

My usage has changed quite a bit now as it's just my wife and I and she only really vapes right before bed or on the weekends. 95% of the time I'm solo sessioning the CF or Vapcap which is why I'm considering the Mighty and not a desktop vape. 
Congrats on the new pick up! Seems that everyone that owns/has used a Mighty love it. I won my fantasy football league and am having a *very* difficult time not pulling the trigger on a new Mighty from PIU right now... 

How do you compare the Mighty's vapor production to your Extreme Q? I know it's by no means an apples to apples comparison but I've been wondering if I should grab a desktop unit over the Mighty/another portable as I already have a Boundless CF, Vapcap and Pax. I can't spend $500 for a Volcano but can stomach $300 for the Mighty and the EQ is even cheaper. My old roommate owned a EQ and I used it a lot, mainly bags and whip through glass, and loved it. 
Arizer EQ is a great “budget” desktop vape. Comes with a bunch of accessories and is upgradable too. Does both whips and bags really well. Hard to beat for the price. 
I don’t care if Google Maps uses 10x more battery, I’ll still use it over Apple Maps. 
You can preload it without any issues. 

I typically pack anywhere from 0.1 - 0.3 (full load), lightly tamped down, and will vape a full 5 minute session at 385 and then do another 5 minute session at 400. The AVB will have a nice, even, dark brown color to it after the final session. 
Love the tornado red! Don't see enough of them. I too just recently (last week) picked up a 2017 GTI SE w/DSG in deep black pearl. It's such a blast to drive. I never thought I'd be in a automatic FWD hatch but here we are. The DSG really is a special... I'm impressed every time I drive it. 
My current "attainable" dream car. She's a beauty for sure. Enjoy it!
Facing Houston? Yes.
The CF/X are actually mostly conduction vapes with a *slight* amount of convection. The CFV (and soon to be released Tera) are Boundless' true convection offerings. 
I have a OG Pax and a M as well. I picked up a Boundless CF (little brother to the CFX) from Puffitup for $81 a month ago and haven't used my Pax since. Granted, I use my M more than the CF as I mainly partake at home in the evenings, on the couch, solo, but when the wife wants to get down, I'm with friends or I'm out and about the CF is it. 

If you have the money, the Mighty will be hard to beat in terms of vapor production for a portable but the CFX/CF will be a solid upgrade over the Pax as well. I'm hoping to pick up a Mighty in the next couple of months and will sell my Pax 1. Keep the CF for snowboarding/hiking trips, use the M for solo microdosing at home and the Mighty for everything else. 

The CF has a leg up over the Pax in the following areas:

* Easier to clean & maintain - this was my biggest gripe with the Pax
* Bigger, less "roasty" tasting clouds
* Better battery life
* More efficient
* No need to stir the load mid session
* Charges via micro USB, no proprietary charger
* Faster heat up time

If I were you, I'd go for the Sport.

I ended up in an SE simply because my wife, who's driving the car half the time, couldn't get over the plaid seats in the Sport. I know it's blasphemy with the VW crowd but I really wish VW offered black cloth and not just the Clark plaid. I used to own a '04 STI with the all blue interior and it didn't bother me one bit but I got a big NOPE when I tried to present a case for the plaid. I do enjoy the "niceties" in the SE but I would have much rather saved $5,500 and gone with the Sport. 
The DAP was/is available as an option on the '16 & '17 SE and Autobahn trims only. Not available on the S or Sport trims. It isn't a standard option on the SE or Autobahn. 

It was introduced in '16 and AFAIK is identical in features on the '17's. 

The package includes adaptive cruise control, front and rear parking sensors, frontal collision warning w/emergency braking, lane departure warning, blind-spot monitoring, rear cross traffic alert and the automated parking assist.

EDIT: Just took another look on VW's website. It looks like the DAP option for the '17 SE doesn't include the lane departure warning, rear cross traffic alert or the automated parking. Those DAP features look to be exclusive to the Autobahn trim. BUT, those features DO seem to be included on the DAP option for the '16 SE. Quite convoluted if you ask me!
$28k after trade in? When did you buy it?

Wife and I paid a hair over $28k out the door for our '17 SE w/DSG. Window sticker price is $33,210 incl. destination fee.

Sounds like OP got a pretty smoking deal at under $25k.
Nice! Just tuned up my snowboard last weekend. Nothing better than a bowl in the vape, a couple beers and the smell of fresh wax.
No
Interesting. Haven't heard of that brand but then again I'm not familiar with any tint film brands. The shop I'm planning to have do the tint exclusively uses 3M film. Not sure what brand was on my STi as the original owner had it done prior to me purchasing the car but it held up well for the ~3 years I owned the car. 
Thanks for the reply! I'm also in Massachusetts and am planning to do tint on my new Mk7 in the next few weeks. 

I'm planning to go with 35% all around as I had 20% all around on my STi and it too was a bit too dark at night and I got stopped for it twice. Don't want the hassle with the GTI... But damn 20% looks so good. 


Nice! What percentage tint are you running?
Yeah, I'm in both camps. It runs absolutely fine on my 7 Plus. Battery life is solid, fluid UI, no major bugs... yet my wife's 6s runs like absolute junk.

Full wipe and clean install via iTunes, set up as a new phone and it still runs like shit. Battery life is poor, Apple Car Play hardly works in her car yet works fine with my 7 Plus. It's a serious mess. Wish Apple was still signing 10.3.3 for the 6s. I don't know what else to try. Her phone ran great on 10.3.3. and has been a bugfest on every iteration of iOS 11 so far. 
Save up another $50 and buy a Pico with Sai from Humboldt Vape Tech.
No idea what caused the delay but last time I checked the Boundless website it said the Tera's were due to start shipping on December 15th. Now it's saying orders ship on January 10th with an asterisk stating "ship date may be subject to changes."  
Unless you're in a hurry to buy a new vape, I'd wait for the [Boundless Tera](https://www.planetofthevapes.com/blogs/blog/boundless-tera-vaporizer-sneak-peek) to be released and reviewed. They've been a bit delayed but are supposed to start shipping on January 10th. Budget may be a factor as it's $219 as opposed to $108 for the CFX (w/puffitup's discount) and $150 for the CFV but it seems like it's what the CFV should have been from the start. Full convection portable, like the CFV, but with two removable 18650 batteries. Magnetic mouthpiece, quick heat up, etc. It's a bit larger than CFV but not quite as tall as the CFX. 

FWIW, I have the CF and really enjoy it as my portable vape. I have no issues microdosing (<0.1 grams) with it even though the chamber can easily hold 0.3+ grams and I have yet to do any of the screen or ELB mods. 
You're welcome!

I haven't used a Mighty personally but it's most likely going to be my next portable vape purchase. The amount of praise it gets is insane but it certainly seems justified.

The Boundless CF [and CFX](http://www.puffitup.com/Boundless-CFX-p/bound.cfx-bla.htm) are portable "hybrid" vapes. Plastic bodies, like the Mighty, with a plastic cooling unit and mouthpiece as well. They rely mainly on conduction for vapor production with a bit of convection. The chamber is large and will comfortably hold 0.3+ grams of dry herb at a medium grind. They heat up to 385F in 25ish seconds. Very intuitive to use. 

Vapor wise, the Mighty can't be touched from what I've heard/read. But, it seems that the Boundless CF & CFX are the "poor man's" Mighty alternatives. They're great through water, produce large clouds and are quite portable. Not super efficient in my experience but not terrible either.
The [Boundless CF](https://www.puffitup.com/Boundless-CF-p/bound.cf-bla.htm)
Pretty much mirrors my experience. I never get more than 4-5 heat cycles per bowl. 4 is usually the norm for me. 

I’ve heard that the quad torch heats that cap really quickly (obviously) and tends to produce a light vapor because of it. Seems that people with a quad will heat a couple seconds beyond the click to yield more vapor but then you run the risk of accidental combustion. I’ve had good luck with the triple but plan to try a single next.

Someone suggested taking hits without using the carb whatsoever... I tried and it didn’t produce even close to the amount of vapor I get when using the carb. 

That’s my draw method as well. The 2nd and 3rd hits are usually pretty massive.

I find heating at the bottom of the cap, with the cap in the second light blue cone of the flame, works best with my triple flame torch. I spin it pretty slowly too. Picking up a single flame soon in hopes I get even larger clouds. 

Friggin love my M! 
11th overall for points

7th overall QB

Yeah, he's been solid. 
Having a hard time deciding between Morris and Jamaal Williams as a flex. Bell and CMC are my RB1 and 2. 
>best for dry herb smoking

> Atmos Raw

I see what ya did there... HA
I bought a CF a few weeks ago and then purchased a Dynavap M during the black Friday sale a week later... have only used my CF twice since receiving my M. It's THAT good.

Don't get me wrong, I really like my CF and it's still my session and out and about vape but the M really is an awesome unit for solo use!
Well, the Zippo butane seems to be working fine so far (just 3 heat cycles on the M). As others have mentioned, it may just be a matter of time before the cheaper fuel clogs the jets on the torch. I’m going to use up this bottle and order Colibri butane next time. 
The cooling unit is different between the two models but the actual mouthpiece is the same. 
Great! I'm still going to give it a go. If it ruins my $8 torch lighter, so be it. 

Any recommendations for the future? Colibri? 
Good to know. I'll let you know how the Zippo butane works out once I've had a chance to use it tonight. It was ~$5 for the 78g can on Amazon. I'm using the Vertigo Venmo 2 triple torch, purchased from Dynavap, and it ran out of the fuel it came filled with last night. 
Guess I need to pick up Colibri butane from now on... I ordered Zippo brand butane from Amazon that is arriving today. Hopefully it isn't total crap. 
I rolled with Jamaal Williams in my flex last week and it worked out really well. But with Aaron Jones back and his TD on the final/his only play... Wondering if Alfred Morris is the "safer" option this week. I'm going to assume Williams will continue to get a majority of the carries but Jones worries me a bit.
I'm on the fence. I rolled with Jamaal Williams in my flex (.5 PPR) last week. It panned out well but I'm wondering which way to play it this week seeing as Aaron Jones is back in the mix... Leaning towards Morris right now. L. Bell and CMC are my RB1 & 2. 
Are you using the fat mouthpiece on your M?
Killer setup!

I really need to pick up a water piece from CCG to use with my CF & M. Your recycler looks awesome. 
Awesome, thanks! 
Any chance you’d be willing to share the file you used for the funnel? I have a MarkForged printer at work that I didn’t even think to take advantage of for this! 
Hmm that's interesting. I'll try it with the carb open tonight. Definitely need to do some more experimenting with the heating and drawing/carb methods to find the technique that yields the best results... Regardless, I was really impressed with how chooched I got off just a few rips. 
What type of torch are you using? Where are you heating on the cap? 

I'm by no means an expert as I just used my M for the first time last night but by my second bowl I was seeing 3-4 large hits and the thing really knocked me on my ass! I was super impressed. I was more faded than I would be from a full bowl/session on either my CF or Pax.
I used my new M for the first time last night. First bowl and I was still trying to get the technique down. The taste was great, super terpy, but the vapor production was somewhat weak. The second bowl, I heated closer to the base of the cap and took a really long draw with the carb closed and holy hell does this thing rip! Huge clouds. 

I can easily see it becoming my go-to small session vape. Plus it's super efficient. 
I typically pack 0.07-0.1 grams in my CF (same chamber size as the CFX) without issue. The chamber can easily hold 0.3+ grams though... I’m planning to order ELBs once they’re back in stock at Puffitup. 
Dabs
I did the same! Picked up a CF when Puffitup’s Black Friday sale first went live last weekend. Absolutely love it so far. Told myself that was enough but I could help myself and ordered an M this morning. Can’t wait to try it out! 

I ordered the Vertigo triple flame torch but will pick up a single flame as well at some point. The Eagle lighters do seem to be recommended quite a bit on this sub... I’ll  probably pick one up if I don’t care for the Vertigo. 
I’m seeing it for $99 on PIU, down from $199. Not sure where the $40 price is. Regardless it looks like every color is currently sold out. 
That would be great! It wasn’t even on my radar until I started seeing posts about it on this sub. It looks ultra portable. I would go for the rebrand over the Healthy Rips model to save the ~$60..

I was back and forth between the CF and the CFX but ultimately went with the CF for the smaller form factor. The preset temps are more than adequate and I like being able to turn the LEDs off completely for stealthy outdoor nighttime use. The full screen sure does look cool on the CFX but I wish you could turn it off. The increased battery life over the CF is a nice plus as well as the DC power adapter with quick charge. I’ve been using a 2A charger with the CF and it’ll charge from dead to full in about 70 minutes. I’m seeing 50-60 minutes (10-12, 5 minute sessions) of use per charge using 385 and 400F temps for each bowl. 
Have you received/used the Sutra yet? I was initially looking at the Boundless CFV but after all of the reviews stating the poor battery life I went with the CF instead. I love the CF but I’d like to add a pure convection/on demand vape with solid battery life that I can use to microdose to compliment the hybrid CF and the Sutra/Fury look great. 
I picked up a Boundless CF from PIU. Absolutely loving it so far! 
Really? Even on iOS 11 I can get 10+ hours of usage and 30+ hours of standby on my 7 Plus. 
I just received my CF on Saturday. I have run 4 bowls through it so far I'm really pleased with it, especially for the price ($84 with Puffitup's Black Friday discount).

I see everyone here mention the ELB Mod for the CF/CFX... is it as simple as buying [these ELB's](http://www.puffitup.com/VapeXhale-Screens-p/vxh.screen-4pk.htm?Click=35654) and that's it? 

EDIT: Disregard my question. A quick Google search led me to 420VapeZone's video showing the mods. Good to go!
Hmm I'm not familiar with the Firewood 4... thanks for the suggestion! Upon a quick look price isn't bad and I like the wood body.

How's vapor production when comparing a pure convection type vape such as the CFV or Firewood vs something like the CF/CFX? How many sessions do you see on average per charge with your CF?

Just for reference, the only portable vape I own is a Pax 1. I like it but it's a pain to keep the airpath clean and the mouthpiece/power button combo always get gunked up and stuck. Too much regular maintenance for my liking and I find that keeps me from using it frequently. I've yet to use a pure convection style vape.
How's battery life on the CF? I'm looking at both the CF and CFV and the main complaint I'm seeing for the CFV is poor battery life... like 2-3, 5 minute sessions before it needs to be recharged. I like the fact that the CFV is a true, "pure" convection vape which typically yields better taste but having to stir the bowl mid-way through a session, coupled with the reported short battery life, have me looking at the CF as the better option for my needs. 
I went a couple weeks without one on my 7+. I'm always super careful of where I place my phone, which pants pocket it goes in, etc. and low and behold I had micro scratches on the glass after just a few weeks.

I've since applied [this](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01KKLNDPM/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o04_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1) tempered protector and so far so good. I've got a nasty, deep scratch on it from a key so I may install the second one as it bothers me slightly. It's been on the phone since September and no issues thus far. I applied it myself per the included instructions and it's well aligned. 

[Here's](https://www.amazon.com/Spigen-iPhone-Protector-Tempered-Friendly/dp/B075LNBPSM/ref=sr_1_3?s=wireless&ie=UTF8&qid=1510777284&sr=1-3&keywords=spigen+iphone+x+glass+screen+protector) a link to Spigen's X protector. 
Just did this in one of my leagues. No other viable streaming options that I trust.

Going with Bortles in another league and keeping Tyrod on the bench for the off chance he gets another shot to play. 

Not happy about this at all. From Rodgers in both leagues, to Palmer, to fucking Bortles and Keenum. FML.
I wiped my 7 Plus after trying some of the public betas, installed 11.0.3 via iTunes and restored from an iCloud backup as I didn’t want to setup as new either. Markedly improved battery life and overall the phone runs well. Have since OTA updated to 11.1 and it’s still been solid. 

YMMV and setting up as new is probably the safest bet at getting the battery life and performance back but I had success restoring from an older backup. 

Regardless, it’s ridiculous users are essentially required to wipe and restore their iPhones to get them to a usable level with iOS 11. 
No. Apple is no longer signing 10.3.3 for the 7. 
Yep it does. Figured that was part of the issue. 
Yeah I'm seeing 8 times longer battery life on my device. Sometimes even 9 times longer. Much, much batterier. 
I agree with the majority here when I say steer clear of buying a rental vehicle. 

I'm on the road often for work and typically seek out any of the available sports cars (National's Emerald Aisle where everything is "mid-size" price + employer pays for the rental/gas) and I can't say I'm ever easy on them. I mean when else would a car enthusiast have the opportunity to spend multiple days, alone, driving say a '18 Camaro LT or Challenger R/T? So with that said, I absolutely FLOG the living piss out of them. And yeah, this doesn't just apply to sports cars. I'm generally "testing" the limits of any rental vehicle I'm in, Nissan Versa's included. Not all that proud about it, but I can't imagine I'm in the minority. 
Really? I'm 5'11" and I'm currently driving a rental '18 Camaro LT w/RS package. I have the seat bottomed out as low as possible and I have *maybe* 2" of headroom. My first thought upon getting in the car was wow, this thing has zero headroom and I could never fit in here with a helmet on. It has a sunroof if that makes any difference. A 6'5" I'd imagine you wouldn't even be able to sit in the thing. 

Also, horrible visibility in general.

Take this with a grain of salt though as I've only had 4 days with the car.
What the hell is going on with those monster turn signal indicators?! They're comically large. That whole cluster is just blahhhh. 
Ford needs to cut it out with the full number keypad on the models that don't have the Sync infotainment screen. Looks so horrible.  
Congrats! I demoed a C70 this summer and absolutely loved it. Super capable bike and they’re so well spec’d for the price. Definitely on my short list for next season. 
Hmm that's an odd case for sure. Sounds like a pretty specific issue with your device. I don't see the correlation between cold weather exposure (-10C isn't even that cold) and the Google Photos app but I'm no expert. I use Google Photos and haven't seen it cause any excess battery drain. I do have background app refresh/sync off so it only syncs photos when I launch the app. 

I'm talking in general, coming from Android, where apps are allowed to constantly keep the device awake, use location services, pull resources, etc. iOS seems MUCH better in that regard. I don't have to turn off location services, and Bluetooth, etc. just to get decent battery life. I leave everything on (except background app refresh for a majority of my apps) and the phone just lasts. 
Sure thing!

One thing you won't miss is having to worry about your battery life/tracking down rogue apps (exception being the YouTube app as it's currently shit). I have a few friends that get solid battery life on their Pixel 1 XLs but I've never had a phone until my 7 Plus that I never need to worry about making it through a full, heavy days usage. It's really something!
"Usage" is the summation of screen on time and app background activity such as a podcast or music playing, photo sync, etc. 

"Standby" is the amount of time the phone has been on since being fully charged. 

Had me a bit confused as well when I switched over to iOS after 4 years on Android. The battery stats aren't as detailed as they are on Android and no graph which I miss.
I'm not having the "i" issue (yet) but I've noticed the random, mid sentence word capitalization as well. Come on 11.2! 
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT208240
Apple doesn’t make a smart battery case for the Plus models unfortunately. There are a slew of 3rd party battery cases out there but many have very mixed reviews. Really wish Apple made one for the Pluses. 
Picked him up last week after Palmer went down, who I had picked up to replace Rodgers. Ride or die with Tyrod ROS for me. 
I think it was ~312mb on my 7+
It should seeing as it's the same build.
So nice having the 3D Touch multitask gesture back. And no more 3D Touch icon menu stutter!
Updating via OTA right now.
Ahh gotcha. I'll have to check out Boca Grande. I work in Somerville not far from Cambridgeside Galleria... essentially equidistant from there and Davis. I will admit I frequent Tenoch more than I should. It's just so damn good.
But... you're in Somerville? There's a Tenoch just outside of Davis on Highland. I've never been to Boca Grande. 
This used to always be an issue in league I'm commissioner of as well. Last year we adopted a new rule; the last place team has to pay the 3rd place teams winnings (which is dues back; $100). Needless to say, nobody wants to pay $200 for their fantasy season so even those that have little to no shot at making playoffs still roster a full team and use the WW right up until playoffs to avoid paying the 3rd place teams winnings. Works quite well! 
Agreed. Way over hyped. El Pelon and Tenoch are miles better. 
I mean they stay in my ear just fine, even while running. But they're just not that comfortable which I attribute to them being fully plastic. 
Ha. Yeah. I actually like the wire. Nice to be able to have them hang on my neck if I need to take them out for a bit. Plus they don't look quite as bizarre, to me at least, as the AirPods. 
The EarPods fit my ears OK but they do end up causing some discomfort after an hour or two. I picked up a set of BeatsX in ears and I've had them in for 5+ hours straight without any discomfort. 

I know the EarPods and AirPods have no real noise isolation by design and that's a huge factor for me. I fly a lot for work and with the stock EarPods I have to use them at almost maximum volume or else the background noise is just too much. With the Beats I can run them at ~60% volume and almost all outside noise is unnoticable. 
Mail (syncing 3 accounts), Narwhal and Messages were the top 3 for this battery cycle. 

My battery life was absolutely atrocious after updating to 11 initially. I ran 11.1 beta 2 and it improved slightly but was still way worse than 10.3.3. I wiped the phone, installed the 11.0.3 ipsw via iTunes and restored apps and data from 11.0.1 iCloud backup and battery life has been rock solid ever since. 

I should mention that I purchased the phone new in June so there hasn't been much battery degradation. 
[Spent most of the day on data too](https://imgur.com/gallery/qETpF)

7+ running 11.0.3
This! We call em “snaps.” I don’t own a bong anymore but back in college it was snaps or bust. They’re definitely the best way to ensure everyone gets greens and gets a hit that’s sized to their liking!
Pretty much every 2 years. 

Blackberry Curve 8520 > iPhone 4s > Moto X 2013 > Moto X 2015 > iPhone 7 Plus.

Plan to hold onto my 7 Plus until the next iPhone iteration is released. 
I used the included EarPods with the lightning connector for a month or so before purchasing a set of BeatsX. Really, really like them... the W1 chip makes pairing incredibly fast and easy. Having to charge yet another device was a slight annoyance at first but now it's second nature. The advertised 8 hour battery life seems to be a bit generous. I typically see 6-7 hours of usage before the battery is fully depleted. 

All in all not having a headphone jack hasn't been a major issue when it comes to my daily usage. I will say it's still an issue when I'm with friends and the only means of playing music is via an AUX cable that has a 3.5mm plug. I never carry the dongle with me. 
Battery life has been really solid on my 7+ after a clean install and restore. 

11+ hours of usage with ~38 hours of standby which right on par with what I saw on 10.3.3. 
Ran like absolute shit on both the public 11.0.x releases and the 11.1 pb 1-2... I wiped the phone, dropped the beta profile and installed 11.0.3 via iTunes and restored app & data from a 11.0.1 backup... so far it's been markedly improved!

My battery was draining like crazy but has really settled out after the wipe and restore. https://imgur.com/a/Nwsk5 note that I turned LPM on 10%. This is a 7+

Since the restore I don't see any of the bugs/glitches I was seeing prior except for the 3D touch lag which I know has been fixed on the 11.1 beta 3.
At this point, I would just wait until 11.1 GM is released but if you're really itching to update to iOS 11 the 11.3 beta 3 is your best bet. 

11.1 GM is expected to drop when the iPhone X is available on 11/3.
Ran without LPM until battery was down to 10%... This is 11.0.3 on a clean install/restore via iTunes. 

https://imgur.com/a/Nwsk5
I was having this issue on my 7+ as well, both on the 11.0.x public releases and the 11.1 public betas. Sometimes only a reboot would render the phone usable again. 

I since have restored through iTunes and have been running 11.0.3 for the past 3 days with zero app lockups. Battery is markedly improved as well. It’s a pain having to resort to a full restore via iTunes but it was definitely worth it. 
[Here is a good](https://www.imore.com/doing-clean-install-your-iphone-ipad-heres-what-youll-bring-over-and-what-youll-lose) outline on restore/clean install. 

I restored apps/data from an iCloud backup I had from 11.0.1.
You mean like [this](https://imgur.com/a/cQnNP)?

Clean install of 11.0.3 and my battery life is just about back to where it was on 10.3.3.
Rumor has it that 11.1 GM will be released when the iPhone X is out which is 11/3.
Not a bad idea. 

I was on the 11.1 pb 2 beta (non-clean install) and was having all sorts of issues; apps freezing/locking up, reboots, animation stutters all over the UI and terrible battery life both on standby and usage. 

I restored and clean installed 11.0.3 and restored apps & date from a previous iOS 11.0.1 iCloud backup. 3 days in and it's the best any iOS 11 variant has run on my 7+ yet. Planning to keep on the 11.0.x public releases for the time being.


Bumping this thread... currently on day 3 running a clean install of 11.0.3 and battery life is much improved. 

Battery is currently at 47% with 7h 24min usage & 28hr 12min of standby. Just about on par with 10.3.3!
Restore through iTunes. My 7+ is running 11.0.3 with minimal issues. Battery life is much improved and I haven't had any app crashes/lock ups since restoring. 
I was having battery drain issues on 11.1 and occasionally apps would be come completely unresponsive and would require a hard reboot to be usable again. 

I didn’t clean install 11.1 but figured I’d restore/clean install and give 11.0.3 a shot. So far it’s been better battery wise than 11.1 pb 2  and I haven’t had any app lockup’s or crashes but again those issues may have stemmed from not doing a clean install 11.1. 

Going to keep rolling with 11.0.3 for a bit as it’s running the best of the 11 OS variants for me thus far. 
If you have an iCloud back up from 11.0.x you can restore data from that if downgrading from an 11.1 beta back to 11.0.x. 

I just downgraded from 11.1 pb 2 to 11.0.3 and restored data from an older backup successfully. 
I just downgraded from 11.1 pb 2 to 11.0.3 today... Still too early to say which is yielding me better battery life but I'll report back in a day or two.

I will say I was seeing just OK battery life on 11.1 pb 2... on par, if not a bit worse, than what I saw on 11.0-11.0.2 and definitely worse than what I was typically getting on 10.3.3

EDIT: I'm using a 7 Plus as well
Do you have the 3D Touch animation stutter? I'm running 11.1 pb 2 and it's still present on my 7 Plus. Battery has taken a slight hit when compared to 10.3.3 as well but other than that I don't have any of the major bugs that seem to be prevalent on iOS 11
Yep.

At least the 3D touch app switcher is back. 
Nope.
It’s still present on the 11.1 beta 2 as well
I didn't run 11.1 pb 1 but installed 11.1 pb 2 yesterday afternoon. So far, it seems that battery life is a bit worse compared to what I was seeing while running 11.0 - 11.0.2 and it's nowhere near as good as it was on 10.3.3. I'm going to give it another day to "settle out" but I don't imagine it'll improve much. Currently sitting at 76% with 2h 10min of usage and 6h 20min of standby.

I really hope Apple can get iOS 11.1 GM sorted out and get battery life, laggy animations and all of the other issues fixed prior to pushing it out. 

I will say, it's nice having the 3D touch app switcher back! Overall I feel it runs better (read: smoother) than 11.0 - 11.0.2 releases. 
I installed the 11.1 pb 2 on my 7 Plus yesterday and definitely agree that’s is smoother and giving me similar battery life compared 11.0-11.0.2. However, battery life still isn’t on par with iOS 10. I’ll give it another day or two before I pass final judgment but so far it’s just OK. 
Wonder what the numbers would look like with the cellular radio on and battery saver mode turned off...

Like u/Randyleighy mentioned, if you're accustomed to how Apple handles long term phone/software support then you really should only consider the Pixel devices. You're guaranteed 2 years of OS updates and 3 years of security patches with the Pixels. Any other Android OEM such as Samsung, Motorola/Lenovo, LG, HTC, etc. will be hit or miss on OS updates. Many of the major OEMs abandon their flagship models 2 years or less after they're launched. This isn't a big deal if you buy a new phone annually but if you like to keep the same phone 2+ years it may be an issue. 

Also, be prepared to potentially have issues with group texts. I switched to Android in 2013 (from a iPhone 4s to a Moto X) and even after disabling my iMessage account I still had issues years later with receiving all MMS messages. Coming back to iOS this year and I'm finally remembering what it's like to not have messaging issues. Even friends with Pixels that have never owned an Apple device have issues in our group chats. I blame Apple for this but it's still an annoyance.

Pixel 2, Pixel 2 XL and the Oneplus 5 are the only Android devices I'd consider at this point. Samsung has drastically improved their OS skin from the TouchWiz days but it's still not that great. Also, the Bixby button is just laughable. 
It's typically cayenne pepper that gives it the heat. I follow [this](http://www.seriouseats.com/recipes/2014/09/hattie-bs-hot-chicken-from-fried-true.html) anytime I'm whipping up hot chicken. Also, Louisiana style hot sauce for the dip/marinade. 
Phonearena has the Galaxy S8+ battery life rated at 8h, the Note 8 at 7h 50m and the iPhone 8 Plus at 10h 35m. Not sure where you're seeing Samsung trumping the current gen iPhone in EVERY. SINGLE. test... You're simply lying.

[Source](https://www.phonearena.com/news/Our-iPhone-8-Plus-battery-life-test-reveals-the-best-endurance-from-an-iPhone-yet_id98512)
Where did I ever say the owner needs to be a construction worker? Or needs to be in any specific profession for that matter? 

I was simply stating that a majority of the trucks in this tonnage and trim level that I SEE PERSONALLY are not being used in a manner one would expect a truck of this nature to be used. That expectation being hauling/towing something, which is what I believe most OEMs that produce trucks figure they'll be used for.  I don't have a pitchfork out or scream at these people when I see them. My personal opinion and thought is "how do they justify their purchase or do they at all?" That is all.

I'm happy your grandpa uses his truck for truck stuff and non-truck stuff. Thanks for a small glimpse into his world. Tell him to find a better restaurant than Applebee's.
They don't? I just have a genuine curiosity that's all. 
I'm sure some people are doing that. Just like I've seen some people tow a pop-up with a Carmy. 

But, in my area, I see most of them rolling around town not towing anything. Maybe they tow on the weekends? Who knows. I don't know these people personally. 

Sheesh, shouldn't have made my initial comment. This got way out of hand. 
Cartman gets it. 
Semantics. I guess "explain thought process" would be better.
I'm asking a question not calling anyone out. Did you miss the question marks in my initial comment? Those signify a question. I'd love to know the thought process the owner had when making the decision to purchase this type of truck. I'm not looking down my nose... I'm just genuinely curious. Maybe their entire thought process is - I like this truck, in this trim, and I'm going to buy it. I don't haul, tow or even mow my own lawn but want this truck. And that's fine!

People jump on truck owners for not using their truck as it was intended by the OEM and others jump on those that ask questions as to why someone would own a truck and not use it as intended. 
Because I wanted to? Same reason why people buy these types of trucks. They want them, and buy them. 

Like I've said to others in this thread, I'm not upset with people making vehicle choices even if they aren't rational in my mind. You do you! But, I simply find it comical, and this is my opinion here, that these trucks and the up-trimmed truck segment as a whole is so strong and continuing to get more expensive (per the $100k F-450...) and yet they aren't used as a work truck is designed and intended to be used. It's an observation. And I wonder, how can people justify them? I'd like to know. Maybe I'll talk to one of these owners next time I see one at Stop and Shop.
Oh I'm sure and yeah that does sound really nice. If you can afford it why not, right? 

The OEM's wouldn't produce these up-trimmed models if they weren't selling and Ford's $100k F-450 is a case-in-point if I've ever seen one. 
I'm not at all upset. Simply stating my opinion and anecdotal observations on what I see truck-wise in my area. 


Yeah I mean to each their own. Everyone is entitled to spend their money how they'd like and do what they want with their vehicles regardless if they aren't using it for its intended purpose.

I just find it comical that the high trimmed, work/HD truck segment does so well and yet 99% of these trucks I see never have a trailer, anything in the bed or even a 2x4 on the roof rack. 
Seriously. The amount of Denali 2500 HD's and F250 Platinums I see rolling around with fresh wax and in the brodozer trim is staggering. How can people justify these $55k+ "work" trucks, throw $10k at wheels/tires/suspension and then not tow/haul anything with them??

I will say that most of the newer, high level trim trucks I see rolling around have commercial tags and some trade type business vinyl decals on the doors...
None of the OEM's besides Google/Nexus have ever been great at pushing OS updates in a timely manner. Motorola may be the "king" compared to the likes of Samsung but they're still really, really slow. IMO it's not so much a problem with Motorola, HTC, LG or Samsung as it's a problem with Android, the carriers and how OS releases and security patches are handled as a whole. One of the main reasons I went back to iOS after many years of using Android devices.
Oh I do... the good old days! The OG Moto X is still my favorite phone I ever owned.
Can't say I'm surprised it took them this long. I miss the phone when it was in it's prime but boy do I not miss Motorola and their update schedule. 
* I worry that the Forester, even in XT trim with the 2.0L DIT motor, will be too "boring" for what we're looking for in our next vehicle. Really looking forward to test driving one before passing final judgement but that's just my hunch. Can't imagine the driving dynamics are much, if any, different from your SO's Forester aside from it being quicker/more throttle response.
* The preferred equipment package for the CX-5 Touring really is a no-brainer at that price. Hard to believe they can include those options for just $780. My gut is telling me that if we go crossover, this is the one. We both really like the CX-5 when it comes to exterior and interior aesthetics and the fact that it handles well really pushes it to the top of the list. It's just so well spec'd for the money. 
* I have a not-so-sneaky suspicion that the GTI will have us both grinning ear to ear. Although it looks small, the cargo space numbers with the seats folded flat are impressive. It ticks almost every box on the list and then some. 
* You're 100000% right when it comes to the lack of competent wagons stateside. We never seem to get the fun ones (the Levorg is a prime example!). The Alltrack has really piqued my interest. Definitely going to test drive one this weekend alongside the GTI. It may just be the perfect balance between the two... If only they had a true Alltrack GTI like you mentioned. That would make this decision easy!

We'll certainly have to weigh the pros and cons of each vehicle when it comes to the practicality vs fun/driving dynamics. I don't want to jump on the first vehicle that we both really like. '

Thanks again for the helpful insight and information! 
Thanks so much for the detailed reply! You make some really good points here. Great insight as well.

The new car will mainly be driven by my wife as it'll be replacing our 2006 Subaru Forester ("X" trim w/winter package) which just turned 125k miles. We've had great luck with the Forester and it's really, really practical when it comes to our hobbies (skiing, mountain biking, camping, etc.). It's great in the snow as well, even on A/S rubber. However, it gets pretty terrible gas mileage and is really starting to show its age. She wants a car with a modern infotainment center, bluetooth/handsfree calling, etc.

The Forester XT was my first suggestion when we started looking. I have two friends that own '15+ WRX's and the new 2.0L DIT power plant is very impressive. The gas mileage is great and it's a very usable powerband. I have no direct experience with Subaru's CVT but have driven other newer vehicles with CVT and hated them (Nissan Rogue and Nissan Maxima most recently). I'm wondering the XT's drive modes help like you mentioned. 

I've heard/read so many great things about the CX-5 that it was no-brainer to add it to the list. Most of the vehicles in the crossover segment are the opposite of "engaging" when it comes to their driving characteristics. As far as crossovers goes, I've only driven the Ford Escape and Nissan Rogue. Neither of which I or my life liked whatsoever. I'm eyeing the CX-5 in Touring trim.

The GTI was recommended to us by a friend and had honestly been completely off my radar until we really started looking. My wife REALLY likes the look of it and although she was pretty much dead set on a crossover is now really hot on the GTI. She's not a fan of the plaid cloth in the S and Sport trims which leaves us with the SE... We're going to test drive one this weekend. Something tells me she's going to love it (and me as well, I haven't owned a "fun" car since my '04 STi). The interior cargo space is my main concern with that car. Our G37x is the sedan variant but the rear seats don't fold flat and the ski pass through is tiny. It's not practical at all for weekend getaways. 

Good to know about the new Tiguan. I really like the looks of it and it certainly seems a lot bigger than the outgoing model. That's both a pro and con in my book but the fact that it lost a lot of it's fun driving characteristics has me hesitant. I really want this car to be enjoyable to drive. 

I hadn't even looked at the Golf Alltrack. Upon a quick look it really looks like a good option. I hope the VW dealership we are test driving the GTI at has one on the lot... I'll have to see what my wife thinks about this one. The price is great for what's offered and it looks super practical too. I'm absolutely adding it to the list.

With all that said, we'll for sure be test driving every vehicle on our list prior to pulling the trigger on one (even if the GTI wow's us both and we think it's the one immediately). 

How's VW's DSG? Pretty responsive? I imagine it's worlds better than most other automatic transmissions, i.e. CVT.
* Location: Eastern Massachusetts (greater Boston area)
* Price range: $30k maximum
* New or used: Either
* Type of vehicle: Hot hatch, crossover, wagon
* Must haves: AWD a plus, fold rear flat seats, engaging to drive, 25 mpg+ highway, decent interior cargo volume.
* Desired transmission (auto/manual, etc): Automatic a must (wife doesn't like driving a stick in traffic)
* Intended use: Daily driver + road/weekend trip car
* Vehicles you've already considered: VW GTI, VW Tiguan, Mazda CX-5, Subaru Forester XT
* Is this your 1st vehicle: No, will compliment a 2009 Infiniti G37x (my daily)
* Does the vehicle need to have a warranty: Not a requirement but would be a plus
* Can you do Minor work on your own vehicle: Yes
* Can you do Major work on your own vehicle: No
* Additional Notes: If used, needs to be MY2015 or newer with sub 20k miles. Should fit a minimum of 4 adults semi-comfortably. Needs to be able to handle winters well and get us to the ski mountains comfortably (roof rack is fine if interior space is limited)
Spotify still doesn't have the podcast library other true podcasts apps offer. Bill Burr's Monday Morning Podcast, Joe Rogan Experience, NPR News Now and Up First are missing just to name a few.

If/when Spotify's library is as robust as others I'll give it another shot. I also don't like that I can't search specifically for podcasts on Spotify's mobile app. When you navigate to the Browse tab, click podcasts it just shows a general list/categories. No search option. You can search for them from the general search but have to scroll down to the "Podcasts" section and then drill down into there. Seems convoluted.
Anyone's guess at this point. 
Yeah I'm not seeing any fixes or improvements thus far. Most apparent non-fix is 3D Touch still has the lag/jittery animation. 
It's not back on 11.0.1

Hopefully it's included with the next patch release...
"Bug fixes and improvements"

Let's hope it's a lot of fixes and improvements. Downloading it now...
For whatever reason I've never had the battery widget available on my 7 Plus. It wasn't an option when running iOS 10 and it isn't available for me on iOS 11 either. What am I missing? 
I'm big into outdoor hobbies (mountain biking, hiking, camping, snowboarding, etc.) so I'm constantly using the weather app to see if there's rain in the area prior to going out. During the winter months, I almost obsessively check the long range forecast as well as radar to see if and when snow is coming and where. Plus, most 3rd party weather apps will give greater detail on the forecast such as predicted rain/snowfall amounts, storm warning alerts, longer range forecasts, etc.

The Apple weather app doesn't give enough detail beyond the basic hourly/daily forecast and the current weather (which I can tell by looking/stepping outside). I'm sure many people don't need much weather information beyond what Apple's app provides but I'm surprised people wouldn't want live doppler radar at the very least. 
The fact that it doesn't have radar and/or satellite kills it for me. I think the app looks OK aesthetically overall but it's just too basic and limited for me to use.
7+ here. I'm seeing the lag/stutter others are reporting when using 3D Touch. Also getting some weird animation glitch when closing apps from multitasking but it's inconsistent. Battery life seems fine after a full charge and reboot... 7 hours 42 minutes off the charger, 1 hour 47 minutes of usage and I'm sitting at 87% 
People actually use the stock weather app? TIL
General > Accessibility > Display Accommodations

Don't understand why that's where they put the toggle. Seems way too buried. 
Yeah... Annoying how they buried it under Accessibility. 
12 team, 0.5 PPR

QB: Aaron Rodgers

WR: G. Tate, S. Diggs, Agholor/Moncrief

RB: L. Bell, C. McCaffrey, J. White (FLEX)

TE: Kyle Rudolph


Crushed by Brady, Gurley, M. Evans and D. Adams last week. Week 1 I faced Andy Dalton and Eifert but still managed to lose by 5 points. 

Here's to hoping week 3 turns things around!

Full EP is up [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mmK0x_EK8yM). 

Toe to Toes is still my favorite track musically but man the lyrics and solo in Cold Dark Place are so, so good. 
Thanks for posting this! My only complaint with how I currently make oven baked wings (using Kenji's baking method) is the smoke from the fat splattering on the oven's heating elements. Steaming them first is brilliant! Will be giving this method a go in hopes that I no longer smoke out my apartment during football Sundays... 
Couldn't have said it any better. I left Apple after I got "bored" with my jailbroken 4s. I purchased a Moto X (2013) and then a Moto X Pure (2015). Custom ROMs/flashing the latest nightly, totally customized and yet after 3 years of a totally "open" phone OS I was ready to own a phone that just works, and works well. 

The iPhone 7 Plus has been a breath of fresh air. I don't have to flash custom ROMs to keep the phone updated. I don't have to worry about a rogue app or wakelock tanking the battery life. I don't have to worry about missing out on group chats. No more piss poor OS/security patch support from OEMs.

I do miss the way Android handles notifications, allowing default apps to be set and total freedom to layout the home screens as you'd like but I'm more happy to have a phone that has phenomenal battery life (both in usage and standby), doesn't require me to do anything to keep it running fast and just flat out works well 100% of time.

Until Google as a whole makes some major changes to the way they manage the OS across all of the OEMs that run Android, I'm sticking with Apple. 
I've got nothing but good things to say about the BrandX Ascend. Mine has been rock solid. The lever has a bit of play but it's survived some crashes without issue so far. Hard to beat for the price! 
Except for the fact that all of the other ebike content in this sub is of, you know, actual ebikes. But sure, this electric motorcycle isn't really any different.


bi·cy·cle
ˈbīsək(ə)l
noun
a vehicle composed of two wheels held in a frame one behind the other, **propelled by pedals** and steered with handlebars attached to the front wheel.

This is a motorcycle, period. Quit trying to stir the eBike argument. 
The person you text will get the notification alert multiple times if they have their Repeat Alerts set to anything but "never." The Repeat Alerts setting only affects your phone/notifications, not others' phones. 
Sick rig! I reallllyyyy want to demo a Hei Hei Trail. Looks like a great bike to stack the miles on for sure and shouldn't be afraid of getting a bit rowdy when things point down! 
After spending the last 4 years on Android I can safely say that Narwhal is pretty much as good as Relay, Baconreader and Reddit is Fun. I mainly jumped between Relay and Baconreader (paid versions of both) and I think Narwhal is right there in terms of aesthetics and functionality. Took me a bit to get used to but that's the case with almost all of the iOS variants of the apps I use. 
Totally agree. [Mophie](http://www.mophie.com/shop/iphone-7-plus/juice-pack-air-wireless-iphone-7-plus) makes one for the Plus variants but it has pretty hit or miss reviews. Other than that it's a bunch of no name brands that have poor reviews. 

Luckily, battery life on the 7 Plus is pretty stellar on its own but for long travel days or multi-day camping trips a Smart Case would be great to have. 
Apple doesn't make one for the 7 Plus AFAIK. 
Totally agree. I get that bike manufacturers want reviewers/publications on their top build spec for the best shot at a glowing review but for a majority of the market I imagine those builds are unattainable. 

I'd love bike reviewers to stick to the "middle" spec builds. Sure, a $3-5k bike isn't cheap but that's more attainable for most of us than the full XX1 Eagle, Fox Factory, ultra light carbon everything $10k build that most reviewers ride. Sure, the frame is the same for most brands across all builds but I still feel reviews would be more beneficial and relatable for a larger portion of the user base if they rode the cheaper spec'd bikes.
The Honzo is slacker, longer and lower than a full fledged XC hardtail but not so much so that it'll be a mess on flatter, tighter XC type trails and rides. 

The 68° head angle is actually on the steep side of things by today's currently trail/enduro bike standards, yet slacker than the 69.5 - 70° HTa's found on most XC race bikes. Where it differs from an XC bike is in it's long 475 (large frame) reach. The 1170mm wheelbase is long-ish. The 310mm BB height isn't overly low. It does have super short chainstays at 415mm. People absolutely rave about how much fun the Honzo is in all types of terrain. It should strike a nice balance between a XC specific bike like the Epic and a super slack, downhill oriented hardtail like Ragley mmmBop. 
Long reach and wheelbase, low bottom bracket height (and low standover) and a slack head tube angle. Downhill/park bikes are at the extreme end of the "long, low and slack" range, something like the Santa Cruz V10. Cross country "XC" race bikes are at the opposite end of the spectrum. Something like Specialized's Epic or Cannondale's Scalpel.

This article and thread talk about how that long, low and slack geometry is working its way into trail bikes that just 5-10 years ago had more "traditional" XC bike geometry. 
I was blown away with how much better the DHF and HRII combo was compared to the Ardents. Night and day really. Supposedly the Aggressor strikes a good balance of grip and lowish rolling resistance. Unfortunately it seems you have to choose rubber with immense grip and shit rolling resistance or the other way around. I doubt there will ever be a single tire that rolls fast, grips like a DHF and is light but the Aggressor sounds like it gets close. 

I don't think I'll run Ardents again, especially up front, after the getting some miles on the Minion DHF. I always thought it was over hyped but I'll be damned if it isn't the best front tire out there. 
Yeah I wish one of my riding buddies had an Aggressor but everyone is riding some combination of Minions and High Rollers. I too read a bunch of reviews on the Aggressor and it really does seem to check all of the boxes I look for in a tire. Once my HRII rear is worn out I'll be giving one a go. the Minion SS has always intrigued me and I'm sure it's great as far as rolling resistance goes but I don't think it'd suit me well for climbing. 
I don't think it was folding. When I was cornering flat out they would simply lose grip, especially in the front. It was pretty predictable but they definitely would find their limit at speed.

In hindsight, I should have kept an Ardent on the rear paired with the DHF front and gave that combo a shot. I'm OK with a rear tire that will slide a bit but I need a rock solid front. I washed out with the Ardent quite a few times where as the DHF has had zero issues.
I'm running a DHF front and HRII rear right now and love the grip but the rolling resistance is a bit slow. I had Ardent's front and rear before and while they rolled really, really well, things got sketchy when I laid the bike over. I think I'm going to give the Aggressor a shot in the rear next as it's received a lot of praise for both it's grip and low rolling resistance. A bit slower than the Ardent but more grip on the side knobs. I can't drop the DHF front... it's just too good. 
I'm still running tubes and pinch flats happen somewhat regularly. I carry a set of [patches](http://www.parktool.com/product/vulcanizing-patch-kit-vp-1) that are my go to for on-trail repair. I also always carry a spare tube, either in my pack or strapped to my frame, that I'll use if the puncture is too much for the patches to handle. I use Cannondale's Airspeed pump which has both high volume and high pressure modes (for my fork & shock). 

I need to go tubeless. 
I'm going on 2 months my Brand-X and so far so good. Like you mentioned it's a little slower to return to height than some of the more expensive options (I only have experience with the Fox Transfer and KS Lev). But for the price it can't be beat. Been rock solid for me so far. I was a bit worried about the janky lever but I've crashed a few times since installing it and so far it's held up. 

10/10 would recommend if anyone's looking for a cheap dropper. 
Damn you OP I just had a salad for lunch and now you're throwing this in my face?!?!

Looks top notch and I want it. 
I'm digging my IXS Flows. Haven't crash tested them yet but they're comfortable to pedal in all day and don't find myself overheating in them even on 90+ degree days. 
Do it! I always thought they weren't necessary and more of a luxury/novelty component but now that there are solid, reliable budget options available it's easier to justify the purchase. And after riding the past few months with a dropper I can honestly say I'll never not ride with one. It really is a game changer. 
Too long as in it's inserted into the seat tube as far (deep) as possible but at full, non-dropped height the seat is higher than desired for pedalling. 
True. 

I have no experience with the Thule rack but I can wholeheartedly recommend the RockyMounts. Used it again this evening and it's a joy to be able to throw the bike up there without taking the front wheel off and not even 1 minute later be on your way. 
Correct. There's a lock in the base of the rack that locks it to the crossbars as well as a lock in the arm handle that locks the bike to the rack. Unfortunately, the lock cores are not included with the rack so you have to spend an additional ~$15 for the pair. 

Not sure if the Thule Sidearm comes with locks or not but something to look into/consider if price is the main concern. 
I'm using RockyMounts Brassknuckles (similar to the Thule Sidearm) on the stock crossbars of my 2006 Subaru Forester. I've had it on the car since April and it's been rock solid. I use it/ride at least 3 times per week. I paid just over $150 back in late March for it on Amazon... Appears to be a bit pricier currently but even at $200 I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it.
A man's gotta do what a man does 
Yeah, that's what I did initially. 

I wonder if running a custom ROM had anything to do with my issues? I never tried reverting back to the stock Marshmallow 6.0 ROM. 
Hmm. What phone did you transfer from? Not that that should make a difference as Apple states the app will work with any Android version 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich) or later.

I would always get hung up after entering the iOS code on my Android phone. It would create the phone-to-phone WiFi connection, which would then drop after a minute or so and I'd get the "unable to migrate, try again later" error. 
I recently tried this with my Moto X Pure (2015; running LineageOS 7.1.2) and my new iPhone 7 Plus. Ran into the same issues as you. Probably tried over a dozen times and always received the same error message stating that it's unable to migrate. 

I searched and searched for possible solutions, as you've done, and tried all of them to no avail. 

I ended up giving up and just losing all of my text messages, which sucked. I wish iOS had the SMS backup/restore apps that are so prevalent on Android. I was backing up my text messages on my Pure but there's no iOS version of the app to restore them on the iPhone unfortunately. 

Wish I had a solution for you... good luck. 
You answered one of OP's three questions. What about these two; Which phone and Android version? Did you do any tricks to get it to work?
Yeah Landlocked is pretty solid for how small of an area it is. I rode there Tuesday. Had never been on the south side of the powerlines and there are some fun trails over there. Love some of the downhill sections next to Route 3 too.

Willowdale, Russell Mills, Landlocked and the Fells are on my regular rotation. Pretty surprising how much riding we have in the greater Boston area!
Great to see you're getting some time in New England. Who better to show you around than Phil! Where else do you plan to ride while you're up this way??
You said it! I love snowboarding, been riding since I was 5, but mountain biking is quickly becoming my favorite outdoor activity.

I rode Mt. Baker in WA a few years ago and it was amazing to see how much snow was up at the mountain and how there was essentially zero snow at the base of the access road. The PNW has the best of both worlds... tons of snow in the mountains and year round riding everywhere else! 
That's good to hear. I really like the DPX2 shock and 36 Elite fork on the Alloy 70 build. 

I found the bike climbed relatively well with it's relaxed geo and longish travel but yeah the DHF WT's definitely felt a bit sluggish. I run a 2.3 DHF and 2.3 HRII on my bike and am really happy with the combo even if it isn't the fastest rolling set out there. 

Personally I think the Altitude would be better suited with a faster rolling, narrower rear tire.
I demo'd the Carbon 70 a few weeks ago and really liked it. They didn't have any of the alloy versions on hand for demo so I wasn't able to compare but I'm heavily considering going with the Alloy 70 build over the Carbon 50 build (looks like they increased the US prices slightly on the website, the Carbon 50 and Alloy 70 are now the same price at $4,199) for the better build spec.

Regardless, the bike is definitely on my shortlist for next season.
Ohhh man. It's a long time coming but a carbon line of Process bikes would be rad! I read somewhere that there are rumors of the 134 going away for 2018 and being replaced with a Hei Hei model... hope that isn't the case. Also rumors swirling of a long travel (perhaps 153) 29er. Can't wait for the official 2018 release. Carbon variants of the 111, 134 and 153 would killer. My potential bike list for next season is growing way too rapidly. 

EDIT: [Found this link for a '18 153 DL Carbon](http://centrecitycycles.com/products-page/bikes/mtb/27-5/2018-kona-process-153-dl-carbon/) over on Pinkbike. 
As others have mentioned, Strava is very popular for both the biking and running (trail running is pretty applicable to MTB). 

I use Trailforks and MTB Project as well. 
For an affordable dropper, check out the [Brand X Ascend](http://www.chainreactioncycles.com/us/en/brand-x-ascend-dropper-seatpost/rp-prod149024). It's internally routed only. I've had mine for going on 1.5 months... 20+ rides and have zero complaints. The lever is a little wonky and there's 1-2mm of side to side play in the seat but it's not noticeable while riding. It doesn't return to height as quickly as something like Fox's Transfer or the RockShox Reverb but it's not like I'm waiting for it to come back up to pedal height. It's been dead nuts reliable so far. 
For the price of a new full squish you're hard pressed to find a bike with current geometry (read: slackish, short chainstays, decently long reach and low BB) and the build spec of the Release 1. The Hawk Hill is always touted as the *only* entry level FS in the sub $2k price range worth buying. But with Diamondback's corporate pricing the Release is attainable in that price range with a better spec than the Hawk Hill. 

EDIT: As u/rezrov_ mentioned, if you're waiting until August you may want to wait a bit longer and try to jump on a leftover. Your LBS may deeply discount their 2017 inventory and you can get on a nicer spec'd bike (or better model entirely) within your price range. 
Just used the first one for some IXS Flow knee pads. Thanks kind stranger! 
Right. They're still relatively unknown, especially stateside, but I'm thinking it's only a matter of time until the direct to consumer brands start pushing the big brands to become more price competitive. 
Good catch. I thought RaceFace only had the Turbine dropper. Did not know they released an Aeffect series dropper. That helps take some of the sting off the price then I'd say. 
Yeah it's amazing how good "trail bikes" have become in the last couple of years. They pedal well, they're playful yet they can handle super steep and chundered out runs that only freeride and DH bikes were tackling not long ago. This really does seem to be the golden age for bikes. 

I was able to demo the Carbon 70 build and it was so sick. Unfortunately the large was out with someone else and I was put on a medium. I'm 5'10" so I'm always in between medium and large for most bike mfgs. I tend to like a longer, roomier bike though so I'll definitely go with a large if I do pick up an Altitude. Felt a bit cramped on the medium. I rode with the Ride-9 chip in the just-slacker-than-neutral position and there was almost zero front wheel wander on steep climbs and it was fast when I got on the gas on flats. Plenty slack for the descents. Really a great all around bike.  

I was super impressed with the bike as a whole though. The blind pivots in the chainstays, the fit and finish is as nice as it gets and the builds are so well thought out. It's a killer bike.
I have a limited amount of bikes to compare it to but I will say it climbs as well, if not better than my Kona Precept which has 130mm of rear travel. I rode a Giant Trance back in 2015 and if memory serves me right that bike pedalled really well but left me with a very meh feeling. My friend rides a Transition Smuggler 29er and with just 115mm of rear travel and 29er wheels it's a tough comparison. Very different feel. 

I will say the Altitude blew me away on flats and descents. It doesn't feel like a 150mm bike until you point it down and then holy hell, hang on. Never in my life have I ridden a bike that feels so confident and basically pushes you to not touch the brakes. It's an absolute rocket and super composed. 

I'm looking at either the Alloy 70 build or the Carbon 50. The Alloy build is soooo well spec'd for $4k but I've always wanted a carbon bike and really like the Carbon 70 I demo'd.  
Yeah I mean pedal bob was no more noticeable than my Kona. Which is to say, it's minimal. And my Kona has 130mm of rear travel compared to the Altitude's 150mm. I was pleasantly surprised with how well it pedalled considering the travel. From the reviews I've read, many people say the Slayer pedals as well, if not better, than the new Altitude. Which is counterintuitive as the Slayer has 165mm of rear travel. Seeing as I've only ridden the new Altitude I can't comment on that but it's an interesting note. I believe Pinkbike's review mentioned it. 

I'm pretty much sold on the new Altitude. I was blown away with how fast it rode and how well mannered it was. The build spec is bang on for the price and it's a flat out beautiful bike to boot. 

EDIT: I never once flipped the Fox DPS shock during climbs. Never even felt the need. The geometry on the bike is so dialed. Super confidence inspiring. Rocky nailed it. 
Admittedly I have yet to ride a Santa Cruz bike. I know VPP has been lauded in the industry for its pedalling prowess since it's inception. I rode a 2015 Trance two years ago and was impressed with the Maestro linkage on climbs. The Altitude definitely had some bob when I was pushing hard out of the saddle but I currently ride a basic single pivot bike (Kona Precept) so I'm rather used to that sensation and try to adapt my stroke to help mitigate as best as I can. 

I definitely want to demo both the Bronson and Hightower LT before pulling the trigger on my next rig. The Altitude was a beast on descents but I imagine there are bikes that are more playful and will climb better. Sounds like the Hightower LT probably does both. 
Santa Cruz for sure. 
Yeah the prices seem really steep to me too but I've always felt that way about Santa Cruz. They've never been a brand that is considered well spec'd for the money or "bang for the buck." They put out great bikes for sure but I still don't think their prices are fully justified.  

I demo'd and am highly considering a Rocky Mountain Altitude for my next bike. Their base level Carbon 50 build is $4,199 and comes spec'd with a Fox 36 (GRIP damper, but still a legit fork), Shimano SLX/XT drivetrain, SLX brakes and a Fox Transfer dropper. Way better component spec for the money on an equivalent travel bike (27.5 rather than 29er but still).
For sure worth it. Reverb dropper, GX Eagle groupset, Guide's, and the Fox 36 definitely justify the price bump. 
Steep price for the components spec'd on the R build. The picture shows a dropper post but the spec sheet lists a RaceFace Aeffect solid post. Revelation fork, Level T brakes, NX drivetrain and no dropper on a $4k bike is a tough pill to swallow. I'd say it's well worth the additional $900 for the S build.

Regardless, and per usual, Santa Cruz command top dollar for their bikes. This bike probably rips though. 

I totally agree on the paint schemes. The green/black colorway isn't bad but I too really liked the black, orange and mint colorway. 
I just switched back after 5 years on Android (from a Moto X Pure). The Move to iOS app didn't work for me for some reason. It kept hanging and then dropping the phone to phone wifi connection. Fortunately I keep all of my photos on Google Photos and my contacts were all restored via Google Drive. Didn't get my old text messages but I didn't really try to troubleshoot the Move to iOS app issue I was having. Hopefully you have better luck with it. 

Regardless, it was pretty easy to get the critical items over to the iPhone. 
It would say 5 new text notifications from whatever your messaging app is. Then you would tap once and it would expand, showing the first few lines from the text from Mom and below that the first few lines from Dad. Tap in again and it'll let you select which thread you want to open in full, or quick reply.
Yep. It's one area that Android is way ahead of iOS. Nougat (the latest Android OS) really nailed the notification side of things. Bundled notifications and quick reply are perfectly implemented. 
Yeah it makes a ton of sense. I don't understand why texts from the same contact need to show up as individual notifications in iOS. Give me the contact name and number of messages on the lockscreen/notification pane and let me act on it when I want. Having 20+ separate notifications from the same person or app is just stupid. Unintuitive and so cluttered. 
[Here's an example](http://prolinkedmag.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/5-New-Features-Of-Android-N-Bundled-Notifications.jpg) of the bunlded notifications on Android. You then tap the notification to expand/launch the app. [This picture](https://www.androidcentral.com/sites/androidcentral.com/files/styles/medium/public/article_images/2016/08/notification-bundles.png?itok=ILIGTIHY) shows how it looks when you expand in the notification pane, showing greater detail for each of the notifications in the same app.
I like the bubble-ness of the notifications but why are those notifications not bundled!?!? How has Apple yet to figure this out. 
I just switched back to iOS after a 5 year hiatus and notifications are one of my main complaints. Bundled notifications in Android are miles better than how iOS handles things. 
Frame only for $3,300 USD... Base C R build for $4500.

Obviously not cheap at all but...
Park Tool's SW-7.2 is what I use. It works with the three most common spoke nipple sizes. It ran me $10 at my LBS. 
Hell ya man, enjoy it! Now go get that thing dirty!!
You really can't win. Both OS's are flawed in many ways. Pick your poison. 

I will say, after three days with the iPhone 7 Plus, it's refreshing to have a phone that is so damn fast. The battery life on my Moto X was pretty abysmal and I went 30 hours off the charger on the 7 plus with over 9 hours of 'usage.' Talk about night and day. Plus, the iPhone doesn't heat up like an oven under heavy use! 
You pretty much echoed my main gripes with iOS after 2 days with my 7 Plus. The keyboard is probably my main complaint. I immediately installed GBoard but there are many instances where the stock Apple keyboard comes up and that bugs the hell out of me. 

I really do miss the back button but I'm already becoming accustomed to swiping from the left bezel to get back to the previous screen. 

Battery life is insane so far, especially when compared to my Moto X Pure (and X '14 and OG X for that matter). The camera really is awesome and I'll be damned if the haptic feedback motor isn't some gypsy magic. It's amazing. 
Got to demo the [Rocky Mountain Altitude](http://imgur.com/dy2bHeY) this weekend (the Carbon 70 build). Needless to say the bike rocked and very well may be my bike next season! So much fun. It was humid as hell in the Northeast and I sweat gallons but man did that bike make me want to keep pushing even though I was dying from the heat. 
I've got a Brand X Ascend on my Kona. It's been perfect. The price is unbeatable, the lever is a little janky but has held up fine over ~15 rides so far. Dead simple to setup and I've had zero issues with it so far. The only other dropper post I have direct experience with is the Fox Transfer. That post returns to height faster and had 150mm of travel but is double the price. Hard to beat the Brand X for the cost.
Just did the unspeakable and ordered an iPhone 7 Plus 128GB. After all 3 generations of the Moto X I'm headed back to Apple. My annoyances with iOS have been trumped by Android as a whole. Updates are a fucking mess unless you buy a Pixel and I'm tired of having to flash ROMs to keep my phone up to date. We'll see how the transition is but I'm honestly looking forward to having a phone that just works, all the time. 
Happy new bike day man! The Jeffsy 27 CF1 is definitely on the shortlist for my next bike. I'm so bummed I missed the demos up in Vermont last weekend. Hopefully I can get on one before next season. 

Enjoy ripping that thing! 
Free lifetime tuneups is a big plus, especially if you aren't all that familiar with bike maintenance. Your LBS should have no issues maintaining the YT if you go that route. Just don't be overly surprised if they don't go out of their way to get things done for you quickly as the direct to consumer model is obviously not helping them with bike sales. 

Assembly of the YT is really straight forward and I believe they include all of the required tools, even a torque wrench, for assembly. If you have to ask your LBS to assemble the YT I'd bring them 6 pack or buy some pedals or something from them. 
Giant generally offers a solid build for the price but no major brands will be able to compete with the direct to consumer brands like YT and Canyon. 

As appealing as the YT and Canyon bikes are to me, I don't think I can bring myself to spend $4,000 without demoing the bikes. I'm 5' 10" with a short inseam and a long torso so some bikes just flat out don't work for me, even if the build and geo numbers look spot on. Maybe that isn't as big of a concern for you but that's my personal feeling. 

Can't really recommend any of the bikes you're looking at as I haven't ridden any of them yet. I will say that based on spec's and geo alone, the YT Jeffsy looks like a super fun bike. The new Trance has gotten a lot of praise too. I'd say try to ride a Jeffsy if they [YT Rolling Circus](https://us.yt-industries.com/campaign/index/emotionId/258) is coming to a location near you. I missed them in Vermont last weekend unfortunately. Demo the Trance at your LBS too if possible. 
Supposedly they'll be launching in the US in the third quarter of this year, which begins in July. I read somewhere they'll be starting with the 2018 model year bikes here. The Spectral looks like an awesome trail bike and seems like a phenomenal deal pricewise. So well spec'd. I'll definitely be taking a hard look at them come next season! 
I'm running the 6/12 nightly. Been flashing them weekly since February. Been really stable. Had one issue on a May nightly where Google maps would crash the phone occasionally but zero issues since. 
It does have wave to wake that uses the IR sensors. I will say it's not nearly as reliable as wave to wake on the stock ROM though. The wave works maybe 25% of the time for me on Lineage.
u/DrJBP I can't reply to you either for some reason... Same error.

The Alloy 30 is $2899. The NX drivetrain and Level brakes leave a bit to be desired. I'd say the $300 for the 50 is definitely worth it. XT/SLX bits and the Fox 36, even with the GRIP damper, is really a great component spec for the $$. Regardless, the Yari RC is on par with the Fox rhythm on the Trance. The WT Minions will be supppperrrr grippy too (I run a 2.3 DHF/DHR II combo on my Kona and it's amazing). It's such a burly trail bike! 
Take a look at the 2018 Rocky Mountain Altitudes. Super well spec'd for the price IMO and a damn good looking bike. The Alloy 30 and 50 are in your price range. I'm demoing them next weekend and cannot wait. Initial reviews have me giddy. Got my eye on a Carbon 50 for next season. 
Good to know. I'll keep an eye on it as the season progresses but so far I'm really liking it. Plenty of range and it's light enough, especially for the ~$65 I paid for it. 
I'm right there with you. This sub does have a lot of posts about faulty screens, power buttons and USB ports so i will say that it seems the QC on the phone isn't what it should be. 

But anecdotally, I've had my Pure since November 2015 and it's still running strong. LineageOS cleared up a lot of the issues I was having on the software side. Bluetooth being my main complaint and it's now flawless. Hardware wise the phone is still 100% except for 1 dead pixel that I've had since new. I'm still using the included Turbocharger every night too. 

EDIT: I will say, this will most likely be my last Moto (Lenovo) phone. Really don't like the aesthetic of the Z line and what Lenovo is doing to the update schedule. Pixel 2 for me next most likely, or dare I say, back to Apple after a 5 year hiatus. Android needs a lot of work as a whole IMO. 
Can you let us know what security patch it's on once it's done installing? Thanks.
Interesting. I'm running the CSMX8 (model EAZ) 11-46T cassette. This is my first season on it. A few hundred miles on it so far and it still looks mint. I almost never touch the aluminum 46T ring though. We'll see how it looks after a 1,000+ miles at the end of this season. 

I was going to buy the XT cassette but was wary about the 9T jump from 37T to 46T.
Yep. A Shimano or SunRace cassette for the Shimano freehub are the best options and can be had for cheap.
As others have mentioned, the Camelbak MULE is a great riding/hydration pack. I picked one up from [here](http://www.sunnysports.com/p-cmlmu/camelbak-mule-100-oz-hydration-pack) on closeout. Been using it all season and it's perfect. Plenty of space for a spare tube, patch kit, mutlitool, hand pump, wallet and cellphone and comes with a 3L bladder. 
Absolutely! This is only my second season of riding a lot. If I had to classify myself I'd say I'm "intermediate," at best. I, like you, took quite the hiatus from mountain biking after high school (~8 years of just road cycling). There's a weekly NEMBA group ride at the Fells, 6 PM on Wednesdays, that I've been meaning to get into. 

Awesome, thanks for the recommendations! I need to make a point to get there on a weeknight and see what it has to offer. Where do you typically park? At the main lot on Hillside Street? 
Nice. I'm over in Melrose. I've hiked/walked around Breakheart a few times but have yet to ride there. I should give it a go on the bike some week night. I haven't been to Lynn Woods either but I've heard there are some fun, techy features there. 

The Fells is pretty solid. I park at the Bear Hill lot, next to Marjam Supply. I loop the reservoir trail (orange blazes) most week nights. It's fun in both directions, roughly 7 miles in total. Lots of people walk their dogs along the fire road, usually off leash, which can be a bit of an annoyance but the reservoir trail is usually just bikers and trail runners. 

Bear Brook has some great riding. I grew up in NH, near Concord, and I rode there quite often. Lots to explore there and a great variety of terrain/difficulty.
I've hiked Blue Hills a few times but have yet to ride there. It's not a doable area for me after work and the few weekends I've hiked there it's been absolutely swamped with people. Definitely need to get a ride there though. Any specific trails you recommend there? 
My after work ride spot is usually the Fells as it's only a few miles from my house. On the weekends I'm all over the greater Boston area. Russell Mills, Willowdale, Harold Parker and so on. Sometimes we venture in to NH or VT for a day trip as well. 

Where do you typically ride?
That's my biggest gripe with where I live. It's so damn flat down here in eastern Massachusetts. I get a lot of riding in and I still get killed on climbs when I head up your way to ride. I wish I could take everything that's keeping me here in the Boston area and move it up to central/northern VT. The "descents" down here are pathetic as well. Really need to re-prioritize my life around what I love to do....
I'm also in the Boston area. Congrats on the new Kona and welcome back to the world of mountain biking! I ride pretty much the same frequency as you. 

My after work ride is 7-10 miles depending on the loop(s) I hit. Usually takes me about an hour all said and done. I typically get anywhere from 2-4 days in per work week, weather and schedule pending. On the weekends it's anywhere from 15 - 40 miles. Sunday group ride with the buddies is pretty consistent, 15+ miles minimum. Saturday's I'm either solo for a morning ride or I get out with the fiance for a 5-10ish mile jaunt that's a bit slower paced.

I really wish I could get more climbing in. My typical after work loop doesn't push me much past 600' in total. Pretty pathetic and it certainly shows when I head up north to ride with my VT and NH friends. 
Happy NBD!!! Love the look of the Enduros. Really hope I can demo one in the near future. Where abouts in MA do you ride? Have fun ripping that thing! 
YT is definitely an outlier. Devinci, Santa Cruz, Transition, Pivot, Ibis and so on get you GX for their $3-4k builds. 
As far as I understand it, yes. You'd just need the Eagle cassette, rear mech, chain and shifter. Check the link in my comment above. From the linked World Wide Cyclery article:
>Although the cranks are very nice just like the rest of the Eagle parts, we have used Raceface cranks and even Shimano cranks with a 1x chainring that is compatible with 1x10 or 1x11 drivetrains without any issues.      
I was talking in terms of full suspension bikes. You're right that higher end HT's could certainly be spec'd with GX Eagle as they are with XT now. 
I don't think the big deal is so much the number of gears as much as it is the available range with just a single chainring up front. Correct me if I'm wrong but the largest range 10 speed cassette is 11-42T. Sure it's not a huge increase but the 11 speed, 11-46T cassettes (and up to 49T, using the ring from WolfTooth) certainly helps and gives the option to run a larger front ring and still be able to sit-and-spin long climbs without issue.

After reading into this further, it looks like all of the current narrow wide chainrings will work with Eagle, so I take back my original statement. 

Per [this](https://www.worldwidecyclery.com/blogs/worldwide-cyclery-blog/will-sram-eagle-work-on-your-bike-heres-what-you-need) article on World Wide Cyclerly
>You can use any of the common narrow wide chainrings on the market that work for Sram’s 1x11 drivetrains, be it a Sram N/W ring, WolfTooth, RaceFace, Absolute black, etc.

As u/df7 mentioned below, RaceFace explicility states that their NW rings work with 12 speed drivetrains. As do Absolute Black, WolfTooth and so on. 
I think Shimano will stay strong in the mid-range market for a while but the fact that 1x12 is becoming more attainable is making me wonder if/when Shimano will start adapting. 1x is certainly here to stay and will only become more of "the standard" over the coming years, even on base/budget model builds. 

I'm content with my M7000 SLX drivetrain and 32T with 11-46T cassette but you better believe I'd jump at the chance to run a 34T ring and have a 10-50T 1x12 setup.
I imagine we'll start seeing the GX Eagle on a lot of the 2018 models that are in the $4k+ price range.

YT Jeffsy 27 CF1 and Santa Cruz 5010 C are both my shortlist for next year. A GX Eagle would certainly be nice! 
Ya that's true... $375 without the cranks and add ~$60 for an Eagle compatible chainring and you're looking at $435 all in. Really not that unreasonable.
Ever since the GX Eagle "leak" on the new SC Nomad build page I've been looking forward to the official release... I don't know if I'd call a $545 groupo "wallet friendly" but I guess it's decent compared to the X01/XX1's outrageous price.
Yeah I doubt the OP5 will have the necessary CDMA bands. IIRC none of their phones have been compatible with VZW... I really wish I could switch to a GSM carrier but like you, my employer pays my cellphone bill and they only offer Verizon. Pixel 2 will most likely be my next phone after the Pure. 
Happy to help! Hope the clean flash sorts out your issues. I've been running Lineage on my Pure since February, updating weekly, with almost zero issues. 
Nope. Lineage has its own OTA update right in the ROM. Under settings > about phone > LineageOS updates
I flashed the ARM64 7.1 nano package.

As u/AakashJaviA suggested, I'd do a clean flash to the latest nightly. You can then update weekly on top the previous ROM. No need to reflash gapps. I've been using the OTA updater weekly with no issues.
I wouldn't spend a dime on the bike. A replacement front fork will cost you more the entire bike is worth. In good, working condition the bike is worth maybe $100, at best. 
Messaged via Facebook
Two rides in on the Brand X Dropper post... Absolutely better than expected! A tiny amount of side to side play but I don't notice it at all when on the bike. It comes back to height at the perfect rate. The lever has a little play as well but I don't think I'll upgrade it anytime soon. Install wasn't bad. Definitely recommend it, especially for the price! 
Unfortunately, your concerns are unfounded. Camera works fine. Quit being a pussy
My [Brand X Ascend](http://www.chainreactioncycles.com/us/en/brand-x-ascend-dropper-seatpost/rp-prod149024) dropper is due to deliver today. Rain in the forecast for today and tomorrow but I'll definitely be getting out on it this weekend. For the price, with a 120mm travel, and a "southpaw" style lever I couldn't pass it up. Great reviews over on Chain Reaction and it has a 2 year warranty. It does only come internally routed so that may be a sticking point if your Anthem doesn't have a outlet at the base of the seat tube. I'll let you know my initial thoughts once I get a ride on it!
Many, many people run 140mm forks on their Honzo's. I've even seen builds with 150mm forks. Sure, it slackens the HA out quite a bit but depending on what you're riding that may be what you want... 

OP you can't go wrong with either fork... I'm such a sucker for the Kashima coating though : )
Can't go wrong with Shimano's Deore (M615)... they'll run you ~$120 for the pair. If that's too much $ then take a look at the next level down, the Shimano Acera M396's, which can be had for ~$64 for the pair. As far as rotors go... Shimano's RT66 rotors are really solid for the price.
Ya the GX will come with a cable attached. Just reuse your stock housing and you'll be good to go. Don't forgot you'll need a chain whip and lockring took to get the cassette on/off!
I have the aluminum 46T sprocket version. Only time will tell how well it holds up. 

I've only been on the 1x11 setup for about 1.5 months now... maybe 80 miles or so. I rarely need the bailout gear. Most rides I don't touch it. I'm running a 32T NW chainring and the range is more than what I need for my typical riding in Massachusetts. I spin out on pavement at around 25 MPH.
Check out the Sunrace CSMX8 11-46T cassette. I've got it on my 1x setup and couldn't be happier with the range. It's not super light by any means but lighter than the NX cassette, will fit your Shimano freehub and has a 6T jump from 40-46 compared to Shimano's rather large 9T jump from 37-46. 
I ordered various components from CRC, Amazon and Jenson based on prices/availability. Kept my stock Deore cranks. Full build is as follows (prices may have changed over past month or so): 

* Sunrace 11-46T CSMX8 Cassette - $69.99 (Amazon)
* Race Face NW 32T chainring - $36.14 (Jenson)
* Race Face 1x bolt kit - $2.83 (Jenson)
* Shimano M7000 SLX rear shifter - $28.34 (Jenson)
* SRAM PC-1110 chain - $13.22 (Jenson)
* Shimano M7000 SLX rear mech - $52.49 (CRC)
* Oumers chain whip and cassette lockring tool - $14.99 (Amazon)
* Park Tool universal crank puller - $14.50 (REI, local)

I had a few other misc. items in my cart during the build that weren't required but pushed it to the $223.52 total (Park Tool lube, chain lube, etc.). Forgot about the crank puller so that's an additional ~$15 as well. 
What's your budget? Are you dead set on SRAM stuff?

I upgraded from 3x9 to 1x11 for $223.52, including the tools to do the swap (cassette lockring tool, chain whip and crank puller tool). 
Check out the Brand X Ascend dropper... $149.99 on Chain Reaction, 120mm drop and it's internally routed (only). I've heard great things and just ordered one today! Supposedly the lever is a little janky but that's easily replaceable. I'll let ya know how it works when I get it in 4-6 days. 
It's a fucking phone. Pump the brakes pal.
Ah gotcha. Just wanted to make sure you weren't expecting Nougat on your 2014! 
And you won't. The Moto X 2014 isn't getting Nougat, ever. 
Am I the only one that thinks Conway looks like a wax museum figure that was left out in the sun?
Nice setup! I recently converted from 3x9 to 1x11 (SLX M7000 rear mech/shifter) with a 32T NW and the same Sunrace cassette. A little over 40 miles on the new setup and I couldn't be happier. Have yet to drop a chain, plenty of range and the whole system is super quiet. 

Hopefully you can get out and give er a rip soon!
Yeah that would certainly be nice. I'd love to see a stable (non-nightly/weekly) Lineage build soon
Nope. Lineage will keep the security patches up to date and it's already on 7.1.2. Runs so well I have zero reasons to switch back to stock.
No.
Need to use ARM64, 7.1 GApps. I used [Open GApps](http://opengapps.org/) mini package
As u/TheJamboozlez mentioned, the 4/24 update was released today. I updated via the OTA updater and so far zero issues/bugs. 
I just updated to the 4/24 nightly via the OTA updater. It's 7.1.2 on the April 5 security patch. No issues/bugs so far. 
I used [this](https://forum.xda-developers.com/moto-x-style/general/guides-how-to-guides-beginners-t3200808) guide. Lineage nightlies (they're actually released weekly) are [here](https://download.lineageos.org/clark). 
I've got the Rocky Mounts brass knuckles tray on the factory crossbars of my Subaru Forester. Really happy with it. Nice not having to take the front wheel of the bike. Super quick to load. Bike is held solid. I paid ~$160 for it on Amazon about a month ago. 
Northeast US (MA mostly, VT, NH).

Just converted from a 3x9 to a 1x11 (32T,  11-46T). 6 rides on the 1x and so far I'm really liking it. My early season legs are pathetic so I'm appreciating the 46T ring on longer climbs. Plenty of range for the riding I do. Loving the lack of chain drops compared to the 3x9 and the bike is much quieter without the constant chainslap. 
Yeah I think next paycheck I'm going to grab one. The price is too good to pass up and I'm at the point now where I'm wishing I had a dropper on every ride. 
I can't answer your question but I'm hoping someone responds that has one. I've been eyeing this dropper as well for my Kona. 
He's got both (and an SB6 too I believe)
Yeah the truing forks are really only for minor bends. Sounds like you're definitely due for new ones. 
You can attempt to true it using a tool such as [this](http://www.parktool.com/product/rotor-truing-fork-dt-2) but if it's too far gone replacements may be your best option. [Here's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O0c2Ez2v0PU) a video showing the tool in action (along with Park Tool's truing stand and truing gauge). 
Looks like the updated Revelation will be filling that "budget Pike" role. 35mm stanchions are on order (straight wall, not tapered like the Pike), same lowers as the Pike too but it'll still run the MoCo damper. 

https://www.pinkbike.com/news/rockshox-new-pike-first-look-2017.html
I don't know. All I do know is that Lineage has been really smooth and really stable for me over almost 2 months. 
Hmm that's odd. It's [visible for me](http://imgur.com/yHIZFO3) although it's grayed out as I don't use a PIN. 
I've been flashing the weeklies since February. Really stable.

Edit: Flashing Lineage that is
Pretty sure almost everyone is going to suggest Lineage. 

AICP also seems to be popular but from reports here and on XDA the camera is rather slow to launch on that ROM. 
Have any Pure owners gotten the soak test OTA? Or is it just Style's in the EU/India getting soak test OTAs right now? 
Hopefully the 7.0 OTA is pushed out soon. All of my bluetooth issues have been resolved on Nougat. No stuttering, connects and stays connected even when connected to multiple devices simultaneously. 
I bought [this](https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B01KHPPOVM/ref=mp_s_a_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1491741466&sr=8-2&pi=AC_SX236_SY340_FMwebp_QL65&keywords=chain+whip+tool&dpPl=1&dpID=41me7XjCYYL&ref=plSrch) chain whip and lockring tool and it worked great. Whip, lockring tool and an adjustable wrench and you're set!
I don't like riding stoned but man there's really nothing more satisfying to me than some fresh herb (and occasionally a nice IPA) after some hard miles on the bike! 
This can't be emphasized enough. I ride solo daily after work and always let my fiance know where I'm headed, which trailhead I'm setting off from and how long I plan to be riding. I always shoot her a text when I get back to the car too. 
Hmm that's a good question. I just took a quick look on SRAM's website and it appears that all of their 11 speed rear derailleurs have a 42T cog maximum. 
Sunrace makes an 11-46T cassette that should work. 
>Does any manufacturer have support any more? 

Apple. 

But in all seriousness, I've heard good things about Google's support for the Nexus devices and now the Pixels from a few friends that own those phones. Other than that, it's seems that most Android OEM's are seriously lacking in the customer service department. OnePlus seems to be improving in that regard but there are still plenty of complaints 
"My goal for Deathgrip is for people to watch the movie and only be able to watch the first 10 minutes before they have to turn it off, jump on their bike and go rip a turn." —Brendan Fairclough

I'd say he safely accomplished his goal seeing as I got through the trailer and now all I want to do is go ride!
Just made the conversion from 3x9 to 1x11 on my Kona. Ended up going with a Sunrace CSMX8 11-46T cassette, Shimano SLX M7000 rear mech and shifter, SRAM 11 speed powerlock chain and Race Face narrow wide 32T ring with hardware for ~$200 (purchased from Jenson and Amazon). I'm reusing my stock Deore cranks.

I'd say for the price you should look to go 1x11 over 1x10. The new SLX stuff is rock solid especially for the price. XT M8000 rear mech and shifter isn't much more expensive than the SLX kit if you really want XT. XTR jumps up quite a bit.
Lineage has "Active Display," which is a poor substitute for Moto Display. It has wave to wake but it's very unreliable. It does activate/pulse the screen reliably when picking the phone up from a desk or removing it from your pocket. As for the Moto Actions, Lineage has gestures. Both the double twist to launch camera and chop chop for flashlight. They work pretty well for me. I'd say roughly as responsive as the stock Moto Actions. 

I'm seeing roughly 5 hours SOT over 14-16 hours when I'm on WiFi and just browsing reddit, texting, web browsing, etc. If I'm using data my SOT time drops to 3-4 hours over the same time period. I live in Boston and have VZW so my signal strength is almost always solid. Both are decent improvements for me over stock. I'm not rooted and don't use Greenify or any of those battery saving services. 


What GApps package did you flash?
Give the 3/27 build a shot. Others on XDA are also reporting that the call volume/echo issues have been fixed on the latest build. 
I was having the call volume/echo issues on the last three or four builds but I flashed the 3/27 build and it's been fixed. I've been on the phone for over an hour today and no one has complained about the echo (they were last week). 

I use Spotify for roughly an hour a day and have never had an issue. The first build I flashed was the 2/13. I've been updating via OTA every Monday since. 
Happy to help! I used SMS Backup and Restore for my texts and calls. Google for pretty much everything else. And of course, don't forget to take a nandroid backup with TWRP!
I've been flashing each of the nightly builds since the 2/13 build and they've all been very stable. Currently on the latest 3/27 build. 

EDIT: Just to confirm with evidence, [Lineage passes SafetyNet](http://imgur.com/a/iI4Sg). If you root, you may need to use Magisk to hide root in order to pass SafetyNet. 
Only major downside in my opinion is the voiding of your factory warranty if it's still active (1 year warranty). You have to request a code from Motorola to unlock your bootloader. Some of the 7.1 ROMs pass SafetyNet so Android Pay will work with those. LineageOS passes it. I'm not sure about AICP, DirtyUnicorns, etc as I've only run Lineage thus far. 
I believe so but I'm not entirely sure as I haven't rooted before. Root isn't enabled by default in Lineage AFAIK. Lineage has their on SU Addon [found here](https://download.lineageos.org/extras). I believe you can also use SuperSU and others as well. 
I second a vote for Lineage. I've never had stability issues in the almost 2 months I've been running it. Zero reboots or crashes. Camera launches fast and quality is good. Slight battery life improvement over stock 6.0 as well. UI is fast and fluid. OTA updates now work (I'm not rooted though and I've heard that may cause issues with OTAs). The call volume/echo issue that was present on the past 3 weeklies has been fixed on the 3/27 build.
[Here's](https://jira.lineageos.org/browse/BUGBASH-250?attachmentViewMode=list) where it's being tracked in JIRA/BUGBASH. It's still showing unresolved but I flashed the latest nightly (3/27 build) last night and I can now change call volume and have no echo. 

EDIT: The user that reported the bug posted a comment stating that they're no longer having this bug on the 3/27 build either. Good to go!
Nope, not rooted. What issues are you having? 
Have you tried realigning the brake caliper? Loosen the two bolts that mount the caliper to the frame, squeeze your brake lever so the pads contact the rotor, let go of the brake lever and tighten the brake caliper bolts. If you're still getting rubbing then it's possible your rotor is bent/warped. 

[Here's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W7I6qlSsGds) a video showing what I'm talking about. 
Yes.
Can confirm, it's fixed on the 3/27 nightly. I can adjust in call volume and the call echo is gone. 
Hmmm good point. Something I hadn't thought of. I was pretty much decided on the M8000 11-46 but I may have to consider the Sunrace 11-46 now. That 9T jump is pretty big. 
Settings > battery > Battery saver and performance at the top, then under Device performance change to Efficiency. I have the Automatic Optimization option on as well. FWIW I keep my screen brightness pretty low as I'm indoors most of the day.
Yeah I have the echoing as well. Seems like all Pure owners do. It's been reported to BUGBASH. Hope it's fixed on the upcoming nightly. 
Give the efficiency profile a shot. I don't notice any major differences as far as UI animation and fluidity go between the balanced and efficiency profiles. The screenshots I posted are from a weekend day at home where I only left the house for ~1.5 hours over the course of the day. If it's a work day I'm closer to the 3.5 - 4 hour SOT mark by the time I'm going to bed. Still an improvement for me over stock but nothing spectacular. 
Yeah I'm really hoping it's fixed on the 3/20 build. I use my phone often for work calls and everyone complains about the echo.
Hmmm.. so is your phone's screen actually on (LCD panel is illuminated) or is it just in a constant 'awake' state? Based on the battery graph it looks like the later to me. 

I get an odd, semi-frequent wakelock when I switch from data to WiFi or vice versa. I have to restart the phone to clear it so the phone can get back into Doze when idle, otherwise I have a solid 'awake' bar like you do in your graph. 
Yeah, that's a known bug. It's been reported to [BUGBASH](https://jira.lineageos.org/browse/BUGBASH-250?attachmentViewMode=list). I have call echo as well. I've had both bugs on the last 2 builds. I believe the 2/27 build didn't have either bug.
I'm not having this issue. Same phone and build. 

If your screen is on, then the phone is left idle, it won't shut off even if it's idle beyond what you've set your "sleep" time setting to?
Were you able to update to the 3/13 build via the OTA updater using the latest TWRP version? 
I'm going on my 4th week with Lineage and it's quite stable.  A few people on here are using it with encryption and last I heard, the latest TWRP update now allows you to use the OTA updater while encrypted (had to sideload nightly updates if encrypted previously). I'm not encrypted however.

Battery life has definitely improved. [Here's](http://imgur.com/RIIpJNb) [what](http://imgur.com/56PkFa7) I saw yesterday when home on WiFi for 90% of the day. Finished the day with ~20% battery and 5 hours 15 minutes of SOT. I was seeing around 3.5 hours max on the stock ROM under similar conditions. 

EDIT: Words
> Actually I think the automatic update does that for you, doesn't it?

Yeah,  it must. This was the first time I used the OTA updater and it was pretty seamless. Phone is running great today.
Nope. I'm not running encryption. 
Here's the official Lineage downloads page for Clark (Moto X Pure).

https://download.lineageos.org/clark
I connect to my car (Infiniti G37), MPOW bluetooth dongle and a JBL Charge 2 speaker almost daily without any issues.
Same here. It works if the phone is charging but otherwise it's unresponsive when the screen is off. 
Sooo I just successfully updated from 2/27 to 3/6 via OTA. Totally surprised me that it worked. Didn't have to clear the cache or Dalvik. After downloading the 3/6 build I was prompted to install, clicked install, phone rebooted into recovery, installed the zip and then rebooted. Simple as that! Hope you can get your OTA issue sorted out. 
I got it today too. I just long pressed the home button as if I were calling up Now on Tap and assistant popped up. 
Hmm that's certainly odd. I don't know what to tell you there. 

[Here's](http://imgur.com/a/mJXwa) what I see when I go to About Phone and then what's displayed once I click Lineage OS Updates.
Mine opens in under a second. Slight delay when switching from the back camera to the front. Maybe 3-5 seconds. 
Were you able to download the 3/6 build on you phone from the OTA updater under About Phone in settings? Then find it in TWRP in the /data/data/org.lineageos.updater/app_updates folder? 
I'm pretty new to all of this as well... I've only had Lineage on my Pure for going on 3 weeks now and prior to this I hadn't flashed a ROM since 2013 and I ran into issues back then.

There is an OTA updater with Lineage but it isn't as seamless of a process as installing/updating an OTA from Motorola. You go to Settings > About Phone > LineageOS Updates. From there, you download the ROM zip file of the latest nightly (they push them out weekly). It saves the file to a folder; /data/data/org.lineageos.updater/app_updates. You then boot into recovery (TWRP), click Wipe, clear cache and Dalvik, then tap Install, locate the ROM zip from the above folder location, select it, then select GApps and flash. I always clear cache and Dalvik again after flashing (may be redundant but I've run into no issues doing it this way) and then reboot and you're updated.


I haven't gotten around to flashing the 3/6 build yet (still on 2/27). I'll flash it tonight and check it out! I can't get even close to reaching the upper corner of the screen without some serious phone shifting. Sounds like this fixes that issue!
6 hours SOT over how many hours off the charger? On WiFi the whole time? Just curious.
Yeah I've noticed the same. Honestly I've had better luck with the chop chop in Lineage than I did with stock.

I too am loving Nougat so far. Quick reply, notification bundling and the double tap recent apps icon for app switching have been my favorite features so far. Plus it's nice having an up to date security patch for once! 
1. The guide that u/boncros linked to is what I followed and it was very straight forward. I hadn't flashed a ROM in years and it took me about an hour to get Lineage on my Pure. I've since been "dirty flashing" the nightlies (they're actually released weekly) and I've run into zero issues. 
2. As u/VividVerism mentioned, you'll have chop chop for flashlight and double twist to launch the camera. I can't get the "OK Google" launch phrase to work with the screen off unless the phone is plugged into a charger. I'm not sure if I have a setting switched off or what. There's Ambient Display which replaces Moto's Active Display. Wave to wake works pretty infrequently for me, no where near as reliable as Moto's implementation, but it's there. I actually like how Nougat handles lock screen notifications better than Moto did with the swipe up on an icon. So there's that. 

With all that said, I'm still managing around 3-4 hours SOT over the course of an 16-18 hour day. If I'm home on WiFi browsing reddit all day I can manage 5ish hours SOT over 14-18 hours. So all in all just a slight improvement over what I was seeing on the stock 6.0 ROM. Standby drain has been great though. I lost 2% over 8 hours the other night. I used to lose 5-8% on the stock ROM so that's a solid improvement. I've had my phone for going on 16 months now so I'm sure there's been some battery degradation. You may see better SOT numbers if your phone is newer. 
I got it this morning... I already miss now on tap. 
There actually *is* a Moto X 2014 Pure. It's the XT1095 variant. It only works with GSM carriers though IIRC. There was also an unlocked version of the 2013 X as well, variant XT1053. It too only worked with GSM carriers. It wasn't actually called the "Pure Edition" though, like the 2014 and 2015 models. 
Yep! I'm seeing the same thing. I'll be showing zero bars but I'll still have an LTE signal. Looks like it's just reporting the signal strength incorrectly. 
I noticed this too, however I'm still pulling the same LTE signal strength as I was on the stock ROM. When I'm at work, I have a strong LTE signal that always shows full bars on the stock ROM. On both the 2/21 and 2/27 build I'm on now, it fluctuates between full bars and one-two bars down, yet I'm still pulling the same LTE signal strength which is typically between -80 and -90 dBm. When it's close to -80 or under it'll show full bars. 
Oh I have no doubt the Turq model is unnecessary for the average rider (like me) but if there were a 'dream bike' with no budget I'd have to go for the Turq frame. Congrats on your SB4.5! Must be such a fun bike. 
No mic issues to speak of for me. Sounds like you may need to do a clean install if you can't get past the boot animation. 
When I went from the 2/21 build to the 2/27 build, I cleared them both before and after flashing. Not sure if that's overkill, but I've run into no issues.
Not rooted tho... I'm fine waiting. I actually like now on tap
Nothing yet... Running Lineage 7.1.1
You shouldn't have to factory reset. Have you tried resetting the network settings? Settings > under Wireless & Networks click More then reset network settings. I'm running 7.1.1 so I'm not sure if the menu is the same but it's in there somewhere. 
So you ejected the nano SIM card from your Moto X 2013 and inserted it into the SIM tray of the other phone and it's not recognizing it? 

> another moto x purchased at the same time in 2015 

Is your Mom's phone a Moto X 2013 as well or a Moto X Pure (2015)? All Moto X phones use nano SIM card so there should be no issue there. 
Well hot damn. Thanks for posting these. I am impressed! And also jealous haha. I can't seem to crack the 4.5 hour SOT mark.
I believe Lineage passes safetynet and you can still use Android Pay. Worth looking into it more though as I'm not 100% sure.
I think u/grevenilvec75 is correct. 

When I'm at work, I have a strong LTE signal that always shows full bars on the stock ROM. I'm now on LineageOS (2/21 build) and it fluctuates between full bars and one notch down, yet I'm still pulling the same LTE signal strength which is typically between -80 and -90 dBm. I think LOS just reports the signal strength differently than the stock ROM. 
* Like u/noahajac mentioned, check the user-aware display setting. I have user-aware display disabled and my IR sensors turn off once the screen is on. I'm on the 2/21 build. 

* I'm seeing the same thing. It works, but quite infrequently. Nowhere near as responsive as Moto's wave to wake feature on the stock ROM. 


Good to know. I have yet to sideload the 2/27 build. I'll give the OTA a shot first. 
No, my media volume is fine. Someone posted a link to the fix for that issue somewhere on this sub I believe. 
OTAs for Lineage aren't working currently, as far as I know. Have to flash new nightlies via TWRP.
Yep! If I sold my car I'd still have to poney up additional $$ to pay for it. I can dream though, can't I?
Well that's super impressive then. I'll continue to monitor my battery life with LOS (I plan to flash the latest 2/27 build tonight) and compare to your numbers but I know they'll be nowhere close. 7+ hours SOT on a Pure is nuts! Consider yourself lucky haha. 
Agreed. Lineage has been great for me so far! 


Had mine since November 2015. Just recently flashed LineageOS as I got tired of waiting for Moto to push the Nougat OTA. All in all the phone has been great. I upgraded from a Moto X 2013 and although the Pure is big I quickly came to like the large screen for media consumption. Battery life is my one major complaint and has been since day 1. With Lineage I saw a bit of a bump but still can't manage much more than 4 hours SOT over 16-18 hour period. 

I have one dead pixel that I noticed two weeks after purchasing but that's the only defect. USB port works fine with all of my chargers, including the Moto Turbocharger that came with the phone. Speakers still impress me. Camera is solid in good light and the form factor with dimple is still one of my favorites ever produced by an OEM. 
Yeti SB6 Turq with XX1 Eagle build
Yeah I was planning to hold out until the Nougat OTA but got tired of waiting. I haven't flashed a ROM in quite some time but the Pure was super easy. I followed [this](https://forum.xda-developers.com/moto-x-style/general/guides-how-to-guides-beginners-t3200808) guide (skipped the root part) and all-in it took me just over an hour or so. 
>The play has an excellent battery

Just to be sure, you have a Moto X *Pure* Edition (XT1575), not the Play, correct? 

Sorry to sound like such a skeptic here regarding your battery life. If this truly is the case then color me impressed. I haven't tweaked the kernel at all and that may be my next step in trying to achieve better battery life but still 7+ hours SOT is unheard of on a Pure. Even with a ROM and kernel tweaks. 
That's correct. Unlock your bootloader, install TWRP, flash Lineage +GApps via TWRP, wipe cache/Dalvik, reboot and you're good to go. 
I flashed the 2/21 build on Sunday and so far the only issue I've run into is DND mode doesn't activate per the schedule I've set. Other than that, no bugs to report. Everything seems to be working. I've seen an improvement in battery life (up from 3ish hours SOT to 4+) but nothing like OP is reporting here.

EDIT: Looks like the automatic DND rules issue has been fixed in the latest [nightly build, 2/27](http://lineageos.org/Last-Week-in-LineageOS-3/). I haven't flashed yet but just an FYI.
Can you take screenshots of the phone's battery stats showing 7+ hours of SOT over a 24 hour period? I know you "tested it" but I still would like to see the phone's battery stats if possible, not just AccuBattery's estimates. 

I too am running LOS (not rooted) and although I've seen an improvement in battery life over stock I still can't manage more than 4.5 hours SOT over a 18 hour period. 90% on WiFi, strong LTE signal elsewhere, GPS off, ~60 minutes bluetooth streaming, no FB/Messenger installed, screen brightness at ~20%, only a few Snapchats sent/received. FWIW I've had the phone going on a year and 5 months now. 
Yeah, on a non-stock ROM though.
Great, thanks. I'll give a shot. 
Hey... stupid question here but I'm relatively new to this. I'm currently running LOS but have not rooted my phone yet. In order to use a kernel editor I have to root, install something like EXKM or Kernel Adiutor from the Play Store then flash a kernel profile via TWRP like the one you linked to? 
Hahaaaa. This is too funny. 

I got impatient and flashed LineageOS... so far so good! Seems really stable. 
Bummer
I can second this... my '16 Kona Precept 130 has taken a beating under my husky build (5' 11" ~215 lbs geared up) and it just doesn't quit. 

As others have mentioned, the trails in those videos look pretty pedal friendly. 150mm might be a bit overkill for that type of riding. I ride the 130mm Precept (140mm Sektor fork) in the northeast US and it handles most of what I get into without issue and still manages to pedal quite well even with the single pivot.

If I were you, I'd try to find a leftover Kona Process 134. [Here](https://northwestbicycle.com/products/2016-kona-process-134?utm_medium=cpc&utm_source=googlepla&variant=19075573381&gclid=Cj0KEQiA0L_FBRDMmaCTw5nxm-ABEiQABn-VqVo0ykpRyzWzuuxtrhq1LNd5YSUpfJRkRTFukK-LyRwaAjmn8P8HAQ) are a few [Process](http://www.jensonusa.com/!zKoy6RpFpghqj65Kvrq3Gg!/Kona-Process-134-DL-Bike-2015?utm_source=FRGL&utm_medium=organic&pt_source=googleads&pt_medium=cpc&pt_campaign=shopping_us&pt_keyword=&gclid=Cj0KEQiA0L_FBRDMmaCTw5nxm-ABEiQABn-VqT1s0XC79DqxG2e2Liw90uh2bV7JdkwvXpY-9H7xC0saArcd8P8HAQ) 134's that are right at the top of your budget. The Process that Jenson has for sale is a '15 and it's the DL build... quite well spec'd for the money. The rocker rear suspension system pedals/climbs quite a bit nicer than the single pivot used on the Precept line. 
Try removing your SIM card and checking for the update again. Sometimes this helps to force the OTA. 
Dizzy... I think you're likely to pass out soon. 

Unless the Moto X 2017 is the mobile industries best kept secret I think it's safe to say that you should stop waiting and start looking elsewhere for a 2013 X replacement... 

I'm looking for a roof top bike rack/tray for my Subaru Forester. I've got the stock Subaru 'aero' crossbars up there already. I'd like a rack that doesn't require the front wheel to be removed. Currently looking at the Thule Sidearm 594XT, Rockymounts Tomahawk and the Yakima Frontloader.

Any suggestions/recommendations are much appreciated! 
Between the SD808, the 1440p panel and the 3,000 mAh battery the Pure was never destined for good battery life. Middling at best. I've had the phone since November 2015 and can still make it through a workday without issue but I never see more than 4 hours SOT, even when on WiFi all day at home just browsing reddit and the like. Standby drain is pretty minimal at least (3-8% overnight typically) and thankfully the QC 2.0 gets the battery charged really fast.

I can't bring myself to turn off active display as it's one of my favorite features of the phone. I've just come to accept that I have to top up before going out for the night and monitor what's on when battery life starts to get low. QC compatible chargers in the car, the office and at home help too. 


~$200 if you can use your existing crankset and BB. I just went 1x11 with SLX M7000 bits (cassette, rear mech, shifter), 11 speed chain, narrow wide chain ring and hardware for $205 shipped. 
I'm going from 3x9 to 1x11 on my Kona this offseason... M7000 SLX 11-42T cassette, rear mech, shifter, SRAM 11 spd chain and Race Face NW 30T chainring with hardware for almost exactly $200. Pretty damn cheap if you ask me!
FWIW, I've seen zero battery life improvement with the December patch. Granted, I updated just yesterday morning. But I still don't see how a security patch is netting anyone better battery life. Maybe the cache partition is wiped when a new security patch is flashed and that's why some users are reporting improved battery life? I really have no idea though.. 
Have you tried pulling your SIM card out and then checking for the update? Worth a shot at this point. 
Awesome. I'll shop around at those sites you listed and see if I can save some money. I'm assuming you're correct regarding his reasoning for pushing the GX stuff... Certainly makes sense to me. I appreciate all the info!
Got it. Looks like the website is back up and I'm in. Thanks!
AHHHH!!! Metallica's site was down for me right at 11. I went on Ticketmaster but it was just VIP tickets and Citi cardmembers. 

You went right through Metallica's site? 
Thanks for the reply. I was curious as to why my LBS instantly recommended SRAM components over Shimano... it makes sense now. 

I like to support my LBS as much as possible but the price difference between the two builds is pretty substantial ($100+). I priced out the Shimano items on Jenson, not CR, but I imagine they're pretty similar pricewise. 

The guy I spoke to at my LBS rides the GX and he said he's been really happy with it too. I'm not sure why he was steering me towards a 1x10 with the GX and not 1x11... my Deore freehub should accept both 10 and wide range 11 speed cassettes (Shimano or Sunrace) I assume?
Making the jump from 3x9 to 1x on my Kona Precept 130 this offseason... LBS is recommending SRAM GX mech with a 10spd 11-42T Sunrace cassette. I've priced out Shimano's M7000 SLX 11 speed bits (rear mech & 11-42T cassette) online and I'm leaning that way now. I'm pretty much 100% on a 32T NW up front (middle ring on current 3x9 is 32T and it's what I ride 95% of the time). 

With that said, any thoughts on SRAM GX vs Shimano M7000 SLX?
Yeah I feel the same way. Really wish Gojira was on the bill for the east coast shows. I've never seen Metallica live though so I can't pass it up, even if they're way past their prime. Plus, I'm seeing Gojira, Mastodon and Opeth two weekends before the Metallica show so that helps...
I ride in Nike dri fit t-shirts. They're pretty affordable (I usually pay ~$20/shirt), comfortable/moisture wicking, come in a bunch of colors and only have a small Nike swoosh logo near the shoulder. 
It's for both the Moto X Pure and Moto X Style. Both the Pure and Style are unlocked. Someone in this thread reported receiving it on their Style (in Germany) and the OP of the thread has it on their Pure. 
Pulling the SIM card doesn't always force the update. Patches and updates almost always rollout in stages. Hopefully all of us owners are on the Dec. patch no later than the next couple of weeks. 
I wouldn't worry. Forums like this are almost always the preferred outlet for those with issues to voice their displeasure and angst. Whether it be a phone, computer, camera, etc. 

FWIW, my Moto X Pure has been problem free for 15 months of ownership. 
Yeah mine came a week or two ago as well. Just checked for another update and it still says I'm up to date. Haven't tried pulling the SIM though. 
Still on Sept. 1 here. Verizon SIM.
Of course they announce this on the day of the Patriots Super Bowl parade. Neely and Sweeney are such pussies. 
I assume you have a Moto X Pure? I'm planning to run mine for a bit longer as well. At least until the 2017 flagships start rolling out. 

If this phone had say a 3,500 mAh battery it would be so much better. Battery life is really my sole complaint with the phone.
They've been great with the OnePlus 3/3T it seems. They're both running Nougat and their beta program seems very active. I'm not sure how frequently they push security patches. With that said, it seems as though the OP2 has been somewhat forgotten when it comes to OS updates. Granted, the 2 was sold back when they were still on the 'invite only' system and I think it was generally considered a flop overall. If they continue to support the 3/3T with timely OS updates and security patches when the 4 is released then I'll be impressed. I really, really like the looks of the 3/3T. 

FWIW, the ROM and development scene for all OnePlus devices is arguably the strongest there is for any OEM besides Nexus devices. 
I don't either. My Moto X Pure charges from 0% - 100% in just over an hour. Typically ~75 minutes if I leave the screen off. I usually put it on the charger around 11 PM with somewhere between 10-25% battery left. It's nice being able to top up quickly in the evening if I've had a heavy usage day but I still like starting my day with 100% battery. 
It helps prevent smudges and fingerprints by not allowing the oils from your hands/fingers to adhere to the glass. 
The 835 is back to an octa-core setup. 
At least you're just a short walk away from Maine! NH really needs to get with the times and look at their 'progressive' neighboring states and how they're handling medical and recreational marijuana laws. I was born and raised in NH and got busted in Lincoln back in 2012, while camping. I wasn't arrest but it cost me a court appearance and ~$450 in fines. All for ~2 grams and a pipe.

I never thought MA would be the state to pave the way for the Northeast but here we are. I couldn't stand 'Massholes' growing up but man am I happy to be one now! Glad to see Maine is on board as well! Here's to hoping NH isn't far behind... 
AFAIK the Moto Z Droid / Z Play Droid (Verizon variants) that have 7.0 do not have a native night mode. So I imagine we won't see it if/when Nougat hits the Moto X Pure/Style. I believe night mode (called night light?) is only present on the Pixels but I could be wrong.
I remember getting KitKat on my Moto X 2013 before the Nexus 4 got it. And I had the Verizon variant! My how times have changed.

But yeah, they've gone downhill substantially since those days. I do believe they're still one of the faster OEMs when it comes to pushing OS updates, even with Lenovo at the helm. But regardless, when compared to Nexus and Pixels it's still lengthy delay. Security patches are another story... At least Motorola officially stated they aren't committed to pushing monthly patches.
Motorola phones run essentially stock Android and they still struggle to get OS updates and security patches out in a timely manner. I don't think OEM OS themes/skins are the problem...
I know right?! People are crazy. 

[Obligatory](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_ufQs2Z3f0)...
This looks really good to 28-year-old stoned me. But it's unfortunately not on 28-year-old me's diet, even when stoned... 
Absolutely. I can't drink OJ straight anymore... has to have champagne mixed or else I can't stomach it. Who knows what it'll lead to next!
Ahh man! March 31st is too far away. I want it NOW! It does say "expected release" so who knows maybe they'll release it earlier than that. 
They're literally the exact same price as the iPhone 7 if you choose the same storage capacities (in the US, anyways).

Android Debug Bridge and Team Win Recovery Project. 
Don't spend any money on upgrading that bike. 

Either ride it into the ground as-is or sell it now for what you can. Save your pennies and look for a used year or two old hardtail with solid components. As a baseline, look for a bike with an air sprung front fork, hydraulic disk brakes and a decent drivetrain/groupset. [Here's a good read](http://www.bikeradar.com/us/gear/article/buyers-guide-to-mountain-bike-groupsets-42578/) discussing Shimano and SRAM's groupset heirarchy. I'd look for Deore or X5 (Shimano and SRAM respectively) at a minimum.
I own a '16 Kona Precept 130. Purchased in March of last year from my LBS. It's my first FS and last year was my first season of riding A LOT (read: almost everyday). If I had to guess, I've put somewhere around 1,000 miles on the bike thus far. Let me preface all this by saying I love the bike. I don't have any other FS bikes to directly compare it to as it's my first but I had an absolute blast on it all season. It helped me grow a lot as a rider.


I crashed quite a bit in the first few months of hucking myself about and somehow didn't break anything on the bike. I ride a large frame. I'm 5' 10" and ~215 lbs geared up and the stock WTB SX23 wheels stayed *mostly* true after many poor lines through super rooted trails in the New England region. At $1,499 you're getting a solid deal for sure. If you're 100% set on buying a brand new bike, you're hard pressed to find a bike in this price range that can be purchased at a LBS, has good (modern trail) frame geo, solid components and lifetime frame warranty. 


My biggest complaint with the bike is the stock drivetrain. The 3x9 SLX/Acera/Deore setup isn't all that snappy or direct and it's heavy. I don't think I touched the big 44T ring once. I will say, this setup drops chains like crazy through rough sections.  I'm in the process of converting to a 2x10 SLX set up this winter. The brakes, Shimano Acera's, are passable but when pushed hard they had me puckered on a few steep and fast runs. Lots of house parts, as expected in this price range, that are also passable (bars, seatpost/seat, etc). All in all it's been a very capable bike for me. The Sektor fork and Monarch RL shock (for whatever reason the specs on Kona's site list a Monarch RT shock but mine is the RL with DebonAir can) are in the low/middle range of the Rockshox's spectrum but for the price it's hard to complain. Solo air fork and capable rear shock. 


If I had to do it over again, I'd be taking a hard look at Craigslist and other used bike sources for something 1-2 years old. It's amazing how much bike can be had for $2k if you look used. In the long run, if you become obsessed with riding like me, you'll save money buying a used, higher spec'd bike. I'll never even consider upgrading the suspension components on the Precept. I'm upgrading the drivetrain simply because I can't afford to buy a new bike this season (wedding in August) and it truly took away from an otherwise great riding experience with how many chains I dropped last year. After this coming season I'll be looking for a higher end ~140 travel trail bike. 


Good luck in your search and if possible, test ride every bike you're considering! 
It has always baffled me when I hear people say, "if I won the lottery, millions of dollars, I would continue to work. I'd be bored otherwise!" Really? I mean it's hard to know what those people would *really* do if they were in fact to win millions of dollars but still.

I'm like you. If I had enough money to get by I'd never work ever again. I find my career (mech. engineer) fulfilling but at the end of the day spending my free time doing things I truly enjoy means so much more to me than any accomplishment at work ever has.
Looks good! 

I've been wanting to try no knead bread for quite some time now. My coworker uses [this](http://cooking.nytimes.com/recipes/11376-no-knead-bread) recipe and says it comes out great. Seems pretty similar to the ingredients you listed in another post here just with added time for the initial 'rest' (12 hours minimum, 18 suggested). 
My bootloader is currently locked but if the N OTA isn't released in another month or so I'll most likely unlock it and flash AICP. I've been following the thread on XDA and it seems that the devs have sorted out a majority of the bugs.

Something tells me that I'll be waiting a while until N is released for my 2015 Moto X Pure... 
Apple may be the one exception but I can't say for sure. I haven't owned an Apple device since the iPhone 4 and I never needed to get it repaired. 

To answer your question, I would obviously not be happy that my well treated device stopped working after 15 months of ownership. That's a given. But I wouldn't make a post stating that I'm never buying X company's products again because they won't give me a discounted repair rate on a device that is out of their clearly stated mfg limited warranty period. I get that forums and subs like this are generally the places where the more tech savvy consumers like to air their grievances and discuss issues but your anecdotal case is just that. Anecdotal. I too have had my Pure for going on 15 months now and,  knock on wood, have had no issues aside from one dead pixel. Could my screen or some other piece of hardware fail tomorrow? Absolutely. Would I pissed? Yes. But would I huff and puff about how some customer service rep wouldn't accept my '$50 compromise' haggle for a device out of warranty and denounce the company? Absolutely not. 

Your situation is unfortunate and being peeved is certainly understandable but at the end of the day you've no right to be upset with how Motorola responded to your request. 
Can you name a phone manufacturer that will compromise/haggle with a customer on a repair cost when a phone is out of warranty? If you can, I'll be genuinely surprised. 

Does it suck that this screen failure occurred just three months out of warrant? Sure. But at the end of the day Motorola has a 1 year manufacturer's warrant, that you're clearly aware of, and that's that. They owe you nothing for being a 'loyal customer.' You've spent a few hundred dollars on two devices over the span of 3-4 years.  

So by your logic, Motorola should allow consumers to dictate how much they want to pay for hardware repairs even if their phone is out of the designated warranty period? I'm not trying to be a dick about this but I don't see how you're at all upset over this.

Edit: Words
I tried Messenger for a few months and although I never had notification issues, MMS was incredibly inconsistent. I've been using Textra ever since and haven't looked back.
I've had my Pure since November 2015. Never had any major battery drain on WiFi. If left unplugged overnight for say 8 hours, on WiFi, (doze active) it'll lose somewhere between 4-8% typically. I've used the included Motorola Turbocharger almost every night since purchase and haven't seen any major battery degradation. The battery degradation I have seen I attribute to the 14 months of daily/nightly charging cycles. All of my chargers support QC 2.0. I've only charged the phone with a non QC charger a handful of times. 
I saw someone with a really blue Pixel, in a clear TPU case, this past weekend (in Boston). First time I've seen one out in the wild. The really blue is... really friggin blue! It was easily recognizable. 
The Nexus 6, 6P, 5X and Nexus 9 all got 7.1.1 too... Not just the Pixels. [Source](https://blog.google/products/android/sweet-update-nougat-android-711/)
Pixel 2 XL most likely. Hopefully Nougat hits my Moto X Pure in the next month or two and holds me over until October... 
If your top priority is timely OS updates and monthly security patches then the obvious (and pretty much only) option is the Pixel phones.

Uhhh... why would ya do that? 
Battery life is easily my biggest complaint with the phone. I average between 2-3 hours SOT over 14-16 hours. I don't have Facebook or Messenger installed. I've had the phone since November 2015. I'm hoping Nougat will give some improvement but I imagine it'll be a marginal increase, if at all.

If battery life is a top priority for you then the Z Play is a no brainer. 
This place has been suggested to me by a few coworkers but I've yet to try it. I almost always end up at Redbones when I have a BBQ hankering but I need to get to Pitstop soon. It's right up the road too! 
The Honor 8 is a solid phone but if I were you I would check one out at a Best Buy if possible. EMUI is quite different from stock Android. A launcher such as Nova will help but EMUI runs deep and I wasn't at all a fan of it in the ~5 minutes I messed around with the phone. It's also $399 (in the US) which is $150 more than the newly released 6x ($250).

If you're going to spend that kind of money, for an additional $40 I would absolutely go for the OnePlus 3T over the Honor 8. 
The Pure is essentially a scaled down N6. I find the N6 pretty unwieldy. The Pure is no doubt a large phone as well but it's much more manageable than the N6 in my experience.  
OnePlus and Cyanogen haven't been affiliated since the OnePlus One IIRC. OnePlus has their own in house OS called OxygenOS. It's essential stock Android with some additional features like the "shelf", gestures, button remapping, etc. Coming from a Moto X Pure it should be a very similar OS experience. It even has wave to wake. If the 3T was compatible with CDMA networks (stuck on Verizon due to work) I would own one right now. 
Yeah it seems like most of the Style (XT1572 variant) owners have the September patch and 6.0.1. A few people on XDA report having the September patch on their Pure's (XT1575, US variant). I'm still on the May patch.
I'm going to hold out for another month or so before I flash AICP...

Semi-related... Any Pure owners receive the September security patch update yet? There are a few users on XDA reporting they have it on their Pure's.
Uh, cool...? The unlocked Z and Z Play will work with T-Mobile and AT&T. 
They do have unlocked versions of the Z and Z Play that work with GSM carriers. Unfortunately the Verizon versions are the only ones that work with CDMA carriers. If you're on Sprint your SOL. 
Great write up! I'm going to wait until January to see if Moto pushes out the N OTA but if that doesn't happen shortly after the new year I'll most likely end up flashing this ROM. 

Have you see an increase in battery life like u/CorvetteCole? 
Seeing as 7.0 is currently rolling out for the Moto Z I think it's safe to say that's what the Pure will be getting as well. I'll be very surprised if the Pure ever gets 7.1 officially
[Moto 360 Sport](http://m.ebay.com/itm/Motorola-Moto-360-Sport-Smartwatch-45mm-2nd-Generation-GPS-4GB-Silicone-New-/201670161854?var=&hash=item2ef47a75be%3Am%3Am1-kNTCjMACU13B0PEKI_ZA&_trkparms=pageci%253A0b5b3fe7-b261-11e6-b843-74dbd1802be4%257Cparentrq%253A971db11a1580a2a234f8ac00fff0619b%257Ciid%253A1&varId=501288050585) for $99 on eBay (white only it looks like) 

The regular Moto 360 2nd gen is $100 off on Moto's website at $249.99 
No. GSM networks only (T-Mobile, AT&T and their MVNOs in the US). 
Serious self restraint for keeping that on there for so long!

I'm not sure why but peeling off the original screen protector has to be one of the most satisfying feelings with a new phone. Unlike you, it's the first thing I do after unboxing but boy do I savor the moment. I'm strange... haha
I get frame drops here and there. Chrome is the biggest culprit. I'll see notchy scrolling in Instagram and Twitter occasionally too. Other than that it's still pretty smooth. No issues with keyboard/key press delay for me. I've had the phone since November 2015. 

I do make a point to boot into recovery and clear the cache partition at least once a month. I initially did this to clear up a wakelock that wasn't allowing the phone to doze overnight (was losing ~30% over 8 hours) but now it's just sort of a habit. Seems to keep things running well and my battery still gets me through the day and night 90% of the time.
I'm using the [Pleson](https://www.amazon.com/Protector-Motorola-Tempered-Protectors-Pure-Lifetime/dp/B015SMYSZM/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1479476804&sr=8-1&keywords=pleson+glass+screen+protector+moto+x+pure) one. I've had it on the phone for over 10 months with zero issues. A tiny bit of haloing on the right edge but it's hardly noticeable. It's narrow and short enough so that it doesn't reach the radius portion of the front glass.

My only complaint is that it's an absolute fingerprint magnet. 
It seems that the most prevalent hardware issues with the Pure are screen related. Dead pixels, yellowing and random red and/or blue "blotches" that appear.

Personally, I've had my Pure since November 2015 with zero hardware issues aside from one dead pixel that doesn't bother me whatsoever. 
As pointed out by u/kdog350... [still available here](http://www.bestbuy.com/site/motorola-moto-x-pure-4g-with-32gb-memory-cell-phone-unlocked-black/4345700.p?skuId=4345700)
It is easily one of my favorite features. I believe the OnePlus 3 has it but I don't know of any other devices besides that and the Moto's with wave to wake. Wish it was more common! 
At this point your best bet is picking one up from Best Buy. $270 for 32GB black in stock currently. I highly doubt Motorola will replenish the out of stock components on Motomaker. 
Purchased mine via Moto Maker in November of last year. One dead pixel (that I noticed two weeks after purchase) but besides that zero issues. 
AT&T suspended the OTA in July 2015... They rolled it back out in September. 

[Source](https://www.att.com/esupport/article.html#!/wireless/KB422438)
It did.
Dev says he's working on it but currently shortcuts don't work in the app drawer. 

It's good but not great. There are half a dozen or so ROMS on XDA (Paranoid Android, CM13 nightlies, TruPure, Resurrection, etc.). I believe unofficial CM14 is up as well, albeit with some major bugs still. Then ROM community for the OnePlus devices is definitely stronger I'd say. 
Thanks for the insight. I don't have a smartwatch so I will certainly miss Moto Display/wave to wake if I end up buying a Pixel... easily one of my favorite features of the Moto line. 

The Pure does get really warm during normal use. Browsing Chrome for 10+ minutes and it's easily over 100F. I find myself clearing the cache partition almost monthly to clear up lags or some other issue/annoyance. 
Semi related question... Initial thoughts on the Pixel XL compared to the Pure? I too had a OG Moto X and now have a Pure. I went to Verizon today and the Pixel XL really surprised me. I like the aesthetics a lot more than I expected. 

I love the Moto's form factor and the Moto actions but I struggle to get more than 3 hours SOT. My main complaint.
I think the complaints are somewhat warranted when you look at the flagship phones that Google is trying to compete with and their IP ratings. The Pixels are missing a "feature" if you do a side-by-side comparison to the iPhone 7 and GS7. 

But with that said, it's pretty much a non-issue for me and should be for most consumers IMO. My Moto X Pure is IP52 rated (read: one rating LOWER than the Pixel for liquids ingress) and I've had ZERO issues with it in light rain, the occasional splash near the sink and other NORMAL water related encounters. I have no desire to swim with my phone, wash it off in the sink and so on. Would it be peace of mind to know my device could survive those rare, extreme (to me anyways) scenarios? Sure. But it's by no means a feature/rating that is make or break when I'm looking to purchase a phone. 
Yeah I'm sure he'll mention it again in his full review. 

You were correct in your first comment regarding the "IP3" rating. The Pixels are IP53 rated. The first digit, 5, pertains to solids such as dust ingress and the second digit, 3, pertains to liquids. The Pixels should survive some rain and a splash just fine but don't wash it off under running water or go swimming with it. 
I'm assuming he means that for the higher price tag, he feels it should be able to withstand full immersion, such as the iPhone 7 and Galaxy S7 devices (IP67 & IP68 ratings, respectively). I believe he just worded his statement incorrectly. 

I think the Pure has the better camera. Most people that own the Z Play on this sub, and reviewers, say the camera is rather weak. The Pure's camera is really good in all aspects except for low light. Also, 1440p panel on the Pure where as the Play has a 1080p. LCD vs AMOLED is personal preference. 

I'd say the Play beats the Pure out in battery (by a long shot) and mods. Also, it should see Android O where the Pure will most definitely be EOL after it receives N. 
Looks like it's missing the necessary LTE bands. [Source](http://m.gsmarena.com/xiaomi_mi5_confirms_18_lte_bands_and_compatible_with_every_major_us_carrier-news-16911.php)
I've never used Avast so I can't comment on it. I can't imagine it hurts but it may not be as effective as wiping via recovery. Why don't you like booting into recovery?

Wiping the cache partition clears up 95% of the issues I've encountered (random wake locks, issues with embedded video playback, Bluetooth connectivity issues, etc.)
I've yet to do a factory reset. Owned the phone for almost a year now. I occasionally clear the cache through recovery but that's it.
That's quite odd. I take it you don't have a microSD card in the phone? I have the 32GB model with a 64GB card. All of my photos save to the card (and backup to Google Photos) along with Spotify music and podcasts. 

I have ~12GB of internal storage used up of the 24GB available (~8GB taken for OS). Zero slowdowns and it boots up in under a minute. Video is perfect. I snapped 15 HDR photos in ~5 minutes today without a hiccup. 

Try clearing your cache partition through recovery? I and many others use this as a kind of catch all for issues. Its worth a shot. May also be worth it to invest in a microSD if you don't already have one to free up internal storage. I've had mine (PNY brand) in the phone for ~8 months with zero issues. I do not save any apps to it (it's setup as external storage). 
Good to know.

I really hope Xiaomi starts shifting some focus to the US/North America market soon. The Mi5s specs are fantastic, especially for the price. The more options/competition at the mid-tier price range the better IMO. 
Is it true ZTE is planning an update soon that will make the lock screen bell optional? Can't remember where I read that... maybe on the community forums.

Aside from the lock screen I feel like most of my personal issues with MiFavor could be solved with Nova. I had a chance to mess around with one at Best Buy and really like the phone aside from some minor MiFavor annoyances. 
Are any of those phones even compatible with US carriers though? 

I really like the looks/specs (and price) of the Mi5s and Plus but it's unfortunate they lack the necessary LTE bands for the US. 
$500
Someone on this sub had an issue where their recent photos were saving at the beginning (bottom) of the photo gallery. I believe it was caused by an incorrect date stamp on the new photos. Check to see if your recent photos are at the beginning of your photo gallery. If not at the beginning, they may be somewhere else in your gallery. 

EDIT - [Here's](https://www.reddit.com/r/MotoX/comments/54mgtz/pure_is_losingdeleting_photos_what_gives/) the thread.

Otherwise, like u/TheAb5traktion mentioned, if you have your pictures saving to an SD card it may be corrupt. 
You said it. I was expecting my Moto X Pure to receive 7.0 and I'm glad to finally get confirmation that it will but it certainly will be my last Motorola phone. 

My 2013 Moto X was easily my favorite phone ever and I was blown away by how quickly it received the KitKat OTA (on Verizon no less!!). My how times have changed. Sad! 
You got me. I posted from mobile (on the toilet) and I was going to blame this on autocorrect... but there's no excuse. 
Yeah with the great selection "mid-tier" phones being sold for ~$400, unlocked, it really is difficult to justify spending $650+ on the top flagships (Pixel, S7/Note 7, etc.). 

I had a chance to mess around with the Honor 8 and an Axon 7 at a local Best Buy and they were both pretty impressive. Fast, fluid animation and good feel in hand for both. I liked the Axon 7 over the Honor 8 but I wasn't wild about either of the devices UI's. I'm such a sucker for AOSP based skins which is why I'm partial to the OnePlus devices and they're OxygenOS. I really wish Xiamoi had a presence in the US. They're Mi5s looks like a great device, especially for the price. 
Yeah that's pretty much my plan. I almost pulled the trigger on the OP3 but I'll hang onto the Pure now that we know it's getting Nougat. Hoping the OP4 is in the $400ish range!
I'm planning to hold onto my Moto X Pure for another year now that it was announced that it's getting Nougat but there's a good chance I'm jumping ship from Verizon for the OnePlus 4 next year. CDMA is a way of the past and there are so many MVNO's that offer affordable plans and work with unlocked phones. 

EDIT: It is a bummer that it doesn't have the CDMA bands for VZW but I can understand why they stuck with GSM only. I'm lucky enough to live in a major city and don't need VZW for coverage like some. 
Nice to finally get an actual confirmation! 

Now let's see when we actually get it...
I've certainly seen some battery degradation (I've had mine since November) but I can still get through most days without having to charge. 3ish hours SOT seems to be the norm over 14-16 hours when on WiFi for majority of the day. FWIW I almost exclusively use the Turbocharger or a QC 2.0 charger. 
I know. The Screen On shows activity that matches the Awake graph (as expected). Then the Awake graph is active during the overnight period with zero Screen On activity. That's the issue he's asking about. 
Uh, the screen wasn't on? The Awake bar is very active. The Screen On bar shows zero activity. 

EDIT: Zero Screen on during the overnight period. Which is what he's asking about. Figured this was pretty obvious. 
Something is waking your device very often. I'd imagine it's a rogue app. Any newly downloaded apps? Try looking at the battery stats to see if anything is reporting high battery usage. Gsam or betterbatterystats also work well for finding rogue apps, even without root. 

If it's not a rogue app, try clearing your cache through recovery. FWIW I lose 3-4% over 8ish hours overnight. 
Did you try it? Curious if you saw any difference. 
I'm honestly not exactly sure what relation Moto Voice accessibility has to Chrome lag but there have been multiple threads on this sub and on XDA with Pure/Style users stating that the severe lag and frame drops are greatly diminished and or completely gone after disabling Moto Voice accessibility. It has certainly worked for me.  

Maybe it has something to do with the fact that Moto Voice accessibility inspects the content of a window you're interacting with? 

Moto Voice still works fine and I've noticed zero missing features with the accessibility turned off. Hotword still works with the screen off and everything. 
Amazon
I get a slight stutter here and there when scrolling quickly but I wouldn't really call it lag. 

Try disabling Moto Voice under accessibility and revisit the website. See if there's any difference after that. You'll still be able to use the "OK Google" hotword with the screen off and everything. 
Yep I'd agree wiht you. For me personally, the form factor of the Nexus 6 is a pretty big con as well. The Pure is by no means a small phone but the Nexus 6 feels massive. My coworker has one in a somewhat slim case and it's way more unwieldy than my Pure. 
The Pure is in the same boat. No way Motorola updates it past Nougat. 
The 2014 X? If you by the Pure Edition (XT1095) it'll receive or be on Marshmallow out of the box. It only works with GSM carriers (AT&T, T-Mo, etc). If you're on a CDMA network (Verizon, Sprint, US Cellular, etc) you're SOL with getting a 2014 X that runs Marshmallow. Even the 2014 X Pure Edition will not receive Nougat as the SD801 isn't a supported SOC for 7.0. It *may* get quarterly security updates but for how long is anybody's guess. 
That's a bummer. They've been pretty bad about timely security updates... they recently stated they're only committing themselves to quarterly security updates. My 2015 Pure is still on the May security patch. 

Someone posted a thread stating their 2014 X just received an OTA for the May security patch but I believe they have the XT1092 variant (EU). Maybe you'll see it soon too? 
Only the Pure Edition (XT1095) was updated to Marshmallow. All other variants are still on Lollipop. It sounds like he has the XT1094 which is the Republic Wireless model. I guess you could buy carrier models directly from Motorola?
Based on your response below, it sounds like you have the XT1094 model (Republic Wireless), correct? 

To my knowledge, the only 2014 Moto X that received Marshmallow is the Pure Edition (XT1095).
And completely unlocked! Zero carrier interference.
u/Wegg must have purchased his 2014 Moto X through a carrier. None of the carrier variants received Marshmallow, they're stuck on Lollipop. I'd like to think the carriers are as much at fault as Motorola for this but it's still shitty.
Yeah that really was bad. I like to think that the carriers were as much to blame as Motorola on that one but it's still really unfair to the 2014 X owners that purchased the device through their carrier.

Seeing as the 2015 Moto X Pure wasn't sold by any carriers I'll be completely appalled if it doesn't get Nougat. 
Good question. If the Moto X Pure (Style) doesn't get Nougat I'll never purchase another Motorola/Lenovo device. The phone is *just* over a year old since release and runs about as close to stock Android OS as possible. They can't just flat out abandon their fully unlocked 2015 flagship, can they?? 

I'm holding onto a shred of hope that we see it before 2017 (or really, at all) but I'm by no means holding my breath at this point. 

Here's to hoping the Pixel phones live up to their hype and aren't outrageously priced. 
That's good at least. 

What phone did you have before the Honor 8 and how has your experience been with the Honor 8 so far? I watched a YouTube video of EMUI 5 running on a P9 and it certainly looks promising. 
That will certainly help visually but those changes still leave the dual pane notification shade, status bar, settings menus, recent apps tray and so on heavily skinned with EMUI . The dual notification/shortcuts shade is seriously baffling and I can only imagine infuriating, especially for someone that's accustomed to AOSP. 

Also, the fact that newly downloaded apps default to not being allowed to run in the background when the screen is turned off is a serious head scratcher. To change that you have to go deep into the settings menu. New apps can't show lockscreen, status bar or toast notifications either without going into the settings to turn on those features. Who thought that was a good idea? The problems with EMUI go way beyond how it looks visually. 

Hopefully EMUI 5 makes some major changes because as it stands EMUI 4.1 looks awful. 
Happy to hear this! If the Pixel XL pricing truly is what AP has leaked and there are no incredible/must have features then I'm most likely ditching my Moto X Pure for the OP3. My main gripe with the Pure is battery life. I average 3 hours SOT most days, occasionally close to 4 if I have a strong WiFi connection all day. I'm also fairly certain that Lenovo won't be updating the Pure past Nougat and the dev scene for the Pure is quite weak (TruPure hasn't been updated in months). For the price, I don't see any better options than the OP3!

EDIT - Words
I think the Pure (and the OP3) would both be solid upgrades from your Note 4. If you enjoy a stock Android OS then you'll certainly be happy with both Moto's software offering as well as Oxygen OS. I haven't used a Samsung device since the S3 so I'm not familiar with the latest Touchwiz but I'm sure the stock Android OS will feel much more fluid and certainly have a cleaner overall appearance. 

If OS/phone longevity is a major concern of yours then the Pure may disappoint. The dev scene for the Pure has been decent but it's by no means at the same level as the OnePlus 3's. I fully believe the Pure will receive Nougat but that will certainly be it as far as major OS updates go. If you like to flash ROMs and care about monthly security updates the OP3 is the way to go. Also, you're comparing the notably flawed SD808 to the latest, and markedly better, SoC in the SD820. With all that said I think the OP3 is *more* of an upgrade than the Pure. 

The Pure has served me well for the past 10 months but I'm looking to jump ship to either the OnePlus 3 or the Pixel XL come October. 
The same can be said of the Pure's panel. Many users complain of light bleed, yellowing and other discoloration, etc. Mine has a dead pixel but is otherwise flawless thankfully. 
Source: search this sub and XDA for numerous threads. 

I've yet to hear of any "creaky frame" reports on the OP3 and I frequent the OnePlus sub and XDA sub often as it's a candidate to replace my Pure. 
Source: himself and 10 (probably 3) others. 

I've used Textra for 10 months on my Pure with zero issues. 
The Pure's camera is really quite good if the lighting is there. It suffers badly in low light. It most likely won't be as good as your Note 4 but I imagine it'll be comparable in good lighting. 

Check r/photox for some examples. Some pretty nice looking shots from the Pure there. 
Ah that's right I remember reading the Android Authority article on that now. It does look like there's already an Alpha CM14 build on XDA for the X '14 at least. ROMs to save the day!
The Pure *should* get Nougat. When it does is anyone's guess. Even with Lenovo at the helm I can't see them EOLing the 2015 flagship. I will be surprised if the Moto X 2014 Pure officially gets N though. 

Motorola used to be very quick with their updates when owned by Google. The original Moto X (2013) received the KitKat 4.4 OTA before the Nexus 4. It's been downhill since then but the Moto X Pure 2015 did receive Marshmallow in December 2015 (announced by Google in October 2015). Certainly not Nexus speed for the OS update but 2ish months isn't terrible compared to other OEMs.

It seems clear that Lenovorla doesn't care about incremental OS updates seeing as only the Style has received 6.0.1, and only in select markets. And they verbally stated they aren't committed to monthly security patches. But as u/notreallynewaround mentioned, unless you're downloading APK's from shady websites you shouldn't have any concerns. 
In that case then you should be fine with the Pure. I have no real complaints with mine over 10 months of ownership. Just don't be counting on Nougat anytime soon or monthly security patches.

I will say go for at least 32gb of internal storage as even though Marshmallow has SD card integration many complain that not all apps will save to the SD card and anytime the apps updates they'll move back to internal. 
I wouldn't base your decision to buy the Pure solely on it receiving the Nougat update in the near future. As others have mentioned, it's anyone's guess at this point. It could be before the new year, it could be Q1 2017 or beyond. Who knows.

If you really care about having a device that runs Nougat and don't want to spend much then your best right now is the Nexus 5X. 
Yeah it really was, IMO, the perfect phone for the time. I dropped that phone more times than I can remember. Aside from a really degraded battery mine actually still works quite well to this day. Also, remember has fast the KitKat OTA was pushed out?!? I was on Verizon too and I believe it beat out the Nexus 4 with the OTA to 4.4 (factory image for N4 was up first if I remember correctly). 

If only Google had kept Motorola... 


Moto X 2013 to Moto X Pure (2015). Just about everything is better aside from the form factor. I've grown used to the 5.7" panel and it really is fantastic for media consumption but man the phone is BIG. The Moto X 2013 feels like a toy when I handle it now but if still feels perfect in the hand. 

I will also say that the AMOLED display on the 2013 X was better for Moto Display where the LCD panel on the Pure illuminates the entire display for Moto Display. The Pure's LCD panel is really enjoyable otherwise and miles better than the 720p panel on the 2013. 
It's missing LTE band 13 for VZW as well as some of the necessary CDMA frequencies. Not sure what it's missing for Sprint but from the sounds of it you really only want to use it on GSM networks like T-Mobile, etc. 
The US version Axon 7 does have capacitive buttons but they aren't backlit and they're fairly close together. There is also no option to use on screen buttons like there is on the OnePlus devices. 

The Axon 7 was on my shortlist but the MiFavor UI just looks like crap and I'm not a fan of the warranty being voided if you unlock the bootloader. 

Nexus Marlin or the OP3 will be replacing my Moto X Pure... Just waiting for the official Nexus/Google announcement. 
I've had my Pure for 10 months now. Battery has definitely degraded since new. I saw 4-5 hours SOT originally. Now I'm solidly between 3-4 with most days closer to the 3 hour mark. Performance, as you mentioned, is still pretty solid. I clear the cache partition every 1-2 months and that seems to help speed things up. Chrome and the Play Store (to be expected) are the biggest lag culprits. 

Other than that everything has been good. Buttons work as they did when new, headphone jack and USB port are fine, etc. I have a case on it and TGSP so it's still mint physically. 
Yep. Supposedly a 5.5" screen which I think will be perfect. As much as I've grown to love the Pure's 5.7" panel I still think it's just a touch to big. 
I've had my Pure for 10 months now. Slight battery degradation... I used to see 4+ hours SOT consistently, now I'm between 3 - 3.5 most days. Other than that everything is as solid as the day I got it. I've cleared the cache partition quite a few times but I've yet to need to do a factory reset. 

OnePlus 3 or Nexus Marlin come fall. 
Yeah I don't think I can ever go back to another launcher. I initially missed the swipe right for Google Now that the Google Now Launcher offered but I have a swipe up gesture in Nova for GN that I actually like better. Nova Prime is so feature rich. Love the folder swipes, hidden apps, and unread badge count. 

[Here's](http://i.imgur.com/D5ijiiQ.jpg) how my homescreen looks currently. 
You can change the DPI via ADB but that may cause issues with some other apps and icons. Not entirely sure. 

The easiest way to do this is use a 3rd party launcher such as Nova (I use the Prime version, totally worth it IMO) or Action launcher. You can change the grid layout on the homescreen, icon sizes, etc. The stock 4x4 grid on the Pure's 5.7" panel drove me crazy. 
For sure. As far as I know, only Nexus, Motorola (on their unlocked devices) and OnePlus are the only OEMs to use them. 
Yeah it drives me insane. So cluttered. And once you have app notifications the entire status bar is pretty much full. The NFC icon is terrible. 
The status bar icons (WiFi & data signal, battery percentage, etc) aren't the AOSP (Android Open Source Project) icons. 

EDIT: [See here](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-Zj4Lvy2iRX0/VUQCNw-1HNI/AAAAAAAAe2U/OeDPxmfb_T0/w1080-h292/Status%2BBars.jpg). ZTE's icons aren't included there but you get the gist. Nexus/Motorola use the AOSP icons. 
This is good! 

Now if only Verizon would whitelist the phone so it worked properly on their network... 

And as of [yesterday](https://www.reddit.com/r/oneplus/comments/4y95o1/psa_youtube_1080p_60fps_now_working/), YouTube enabled the 60fps playback on the OnePlus 3. 
[Here](http://www.androidpolice.com/2016/06/30/exclusive-specs-for-marlin-the-larger-of-two-upcoming-htc-built-nexus-phones/) are the supposed specs for the Marlin device.

I can't choose one for you. It's all in what you look for in a phone. My co-worker has a 6P and loves it. No bending issues with his. It's fast in daily use and has the Nexus perk of receiving OS & security updates as soon as they're released. Plus Google's CS is top notch as others have mentioned. Rear fingerprint scanner vs front. Front firing speakers vs bottom firing. Camera seems to be better on the 6P, especially in low light. Battery life should be a bit better on the OP3 from what I've seen. SD810 in the 6P vs the new SD820 in the OP3. 
Haha Nexus bezelgate is in full force!

Really hoping the chin is smaller on Marlin. If the rumored specs are true (SD821, 5.5" 1440p AMOLED, 3,450 mAh battery) and it's around $500 at launch then it'll most likely be my next phone. I hope they go with 64GB for the base model but I bet it'll be 32GB. I know Dash is faster but QC 3.0 is still really quick. If Marlin is well over $500 for the base then I may go OnePlus 3.  
Yeah hopefully it is just a software issue and it runs better once they push 3.2.5. It ran just OK on my Moto X 2013 and as mentioned, runs fine on my Moto X Pure. It's by no means a dealbreaker for me but it would be frustrating as hell to have it be essentially unusable if I go with the OP3. 
Like u/ignition386 mentioned some people are reporting Verizon service on the phone with an already activated Verizon SIM. But lots are reporting issues with the phone not picking up data after getting off WiFi until they reboot. Also, it sounds like some users can't get LTE at all while others can. Basically, it's still a crapshoot even with an already activated SIM. 

Verizon needs to whitelist the device I believe to allow for full compatibility. All of the CDMA and LTE bands are there but if you're on Verizon I would still hold off on the Axon 7 until everything gets ironed out. 
They should be officially announced sometime in September or October. I'm waiting for the announcement because at this point, why not. It'll be between the OP3 and the Nexus Marlin to replace my Moto X Pure. 
Yeah you would think so! My Pure has no issues with the SD808 and a 1440p screen.
I see everyone saying how terribly Snapchat runs on the OnePlus 3 and then just brushing it off by saying, "Snapchat runs like shit on Android."

I don't at all disagree that Snapchat runs poorly on Android devices in general but it seems to be way, way worse on the OnePlus 3 compared to other current Android devices. 

It honestly runs quite well on my Moto X Pure. I can use the face filters, location tags, speed up/slow down, etc. Adding text and emoji's to snaps is fluid and easy. Zero issues viewing stories. No lag when taking pictures/videos, etc. The chat works well too. 

I'm holding out for the Nexus release but I'm heavily considering the OnePlus 3 as my next phone. I'm by no means a heavy Snapchat user but it is disconcerting that it runs so damn bad on the OP3. 
To those reporting zero issues... Are you on 3.2.4?
That's certainly odd. I haven't noticed any changes since updating. All of my Moto Actions work fine (twist for camera, chop for flashlight, etc.). Battery life is the same, no issues with camera usability and quick toggles from the pull down menu are intact. 

There wasn't anything in the release notes aside from "Includes the updates of Android security patches until May 1st 2016" so I don't think anyone should be seeing new issues or improvements. 

Try clearing the cache partition from recovery and see if that helps? 
I bet that will be the direction for a lot of us. I'm most likely going with the Nexus Marlin this fall.
Have they released the unlocked Z pricing yet?

I know CDMA is a dying technology but it's still odd that the unlocked Z will only work with GSM networks. 
Clearly your Nexus 6 has issues. Have you RMA'd it? No, you haven't. 

Silly, silly post. 
Mine is sitting in its original box, patiently waiting for me to smash my Moto X Pure so I have to use it again. 
>Regardless, ZTE came around and they are listening and the fact that it wasnt available before release(like the one+3) shouldn't hinder the establishment of a developer community. I am staying optimistic; the more competition the better.

Optimism is good. I agree that the more quality devices we can have in the ~$400 price range the better. I do hope that ZTE and the Axon 7 succeed but only time will tell. 
Really? I hadn't heard.

EDIT: Guess I should have put the /s. Thought it was implied based on my above posts. 
By marketing themselves as a developer/tinkerer friendly OEM right off the batt. That piqued interest immediately for the dev and Android enthusiast community, prior to launch, and got the OnePlus name out there. The OnePlus One ran CM out of the box and it was clear that the devs would be able to go nuts with the phone. Turns out that's exactly what happened.

Then who exactly is ZTE expecting to buy their products? I think ZTE needs to figure out exactly who they're trying to target as their audience. By announcing a really well spec'd, off contract device for $400 you would think they would target the developer and enthusiast market, like OnePlus. Nexus is Nexus. It's a given who their target audience has been and always will be. HTC has tons of brand recognition in the US but still charges a premium for their unlocked (and contracted) devices. They're a bit of an outlier in my opinion and don't really fit into this discussion. 

ZTE has almost zero brand recognition in the US and clearly doesn't seem to be pushing any advertising for the Axon 7 (or the previous Axon Pro). Why not aim squarely at the group of consumers that will be the ones to purchase this phone and bring it to relevance? Unlock the bootloader in the same fashion as OnePlus and Nexus (ie. incredibly easily and without any requests), allow the warranty to stay intact and see how far the dev community can run with it. 

By wavering out of the gate with the Axon 7, it shows that they really don't know where they want to try to fit into the market. OnePlus fully understood who their users would be from the get go and catered to them upon inception. It seems to have worked well. Minimal marketing, very little brand recognition outside of enthusiast groups yet they're on their third iteration and continue to improve. They sold over a million OnePlus Ones in their first year. I don't think ZTE and their US debut has at all followed OnePlus. And if that's what they're trying to do they certainly aren't doing it well. 

EDIT: It's great that ZTE has been receptive to the communities requests early on. That's definitely promising for the future. But, I still think they should have had the foresight to push this phone right at their obvious market upon release. Only time will tell how well they can adapt, respond and continue to listen to the community. 
I think this review is a bit harsh but I don't think the reviewers complaints are totally off base. The software is definitely the Axon 7's biggest flaw. Hardware is top notch, especially for the $400 price tag, and the build quality looks to be exceptional as well.

I think that it's really encouraging to see devices like the Axon 7, OnePlus 3 and even last years Moto X Pure (I know, Moto took a complete noise dive with the Z, but still) pushing the industry away from the ultra-premium, high pricetag devices being the only options available that offer high end hardware and a great user experience.

I'm absolutely holding out for the Nexus announcements as the Marlin device really sounds promising. Granted, I see it being a $500+ phone but we shall see. If ZTE pushes OTA's in the next month or so that remedy some of the poor software choices that will only make my decision more difficult this fall.  
I know. The fact that you have to request to unlock the bootloader is already a step in the wrong direction. Nexus and OnePlus devices can be unlocked without any such requests.

And just because the bootloader is unlockable doesn't guarantee massive dev support either. For all we know this phone could see one or two ROMs that run like shit and that's it. The developer community doesn't seem like the target audience for ZTE and the Axon 7 at all whereas that's pretty much exactly who Nexus and OnePlus are catering to. 

I honestly think that ZTE unlocked the bootloader due to the outcry for it on their community forums, r/Android, etc. That's a small subset of people when you look at cellphone consumers. The fact that you have to request the bootloader to be unlocked and with ZTE recording your IMEI number and voiding your warranty goes to show that they don't expect a ton of people to root and flash ROMs on this device. 

How many average phone users do you think actively post and/or follow community forums or Reddit subs? Pretty much zero. OnePlus and Nexus phones are almost all owned by phone enthusiasts, not your average everyday users which is why their dev communities are so successful.
I always seem to forget about the Idol 4s. The SD652 certainly isn't going to compete with the 820 in benchmarks and raw performance but for the everyday user it sounds like it's a pretty solid chip. It seems to perform as well, if not better, than the SD808 which is pretty impressive. Granted the 808 has some pretty obvious flaws. I think it more directly competes with the Moto G4 and other devices in that range but I guess it flirts the line between those true mid-rangers and the so called 'flagship killers.'

Personally, I can't stand the look of the Idol 4s and VR has zero appeal to me whatsoever so the bundle doesn't have any value add for me. From the reviews coming out, it looks like a pretty poorly thought out VR as well. 
I think it's pretty safe to say the following:

If you prefer a mostly vanilla Android experience, slightly better camera, front facing fingerprint scanner and a device with a large dev community, go with the OnePlus 3.

If you prefer a QHD display, rear fingerprint scanner, expandable storage, a better audio experience and don't really care much about flashing ROMs/having a somewhat themed device, go with the Axon 7. 

I'm still holding out for the official Nexus announcement (because at this point, why not wait another month) before I choose my Moto X replacement. Between now and then I'm really hoping that ZTE releases an OTA that fixes the DPI and the lock screen notifications. I'm not overly confident that XDA and the dev community will take to the Axon 7 like they have to the OnePlus devices. Granted, OnePlus now has three years under their belt (in the US, I know ZTE has been around a while as well) and a big selling point for their phones is and has been how easy it is to unlock the bootloader, root and flash ROMs. 

Bottom line, we as consumers have some pretty awesome phone choices for $400 nowadays. 

EDIT: Grammar
A third party launcher like Nova will certainly take care of the home screen but the quick settings pull down/notification shade, settings menus, lock screen, status bar icons and so on will all still be MiFavor themed.
If you prefer stock Android OS then you may want to root. The MiFavor 4.0 UI on the Axon 7 is somewhat heavy theme-wise from what I've seen in the reviews and videos I've watched. 
Now that ZTE made the announcement about the Axon 7 bootloader I'm not even considering it. I'm glad they're unlocking it but the fact that it instantly voids the warranty doesn't sit well with me at all. 

OP3 or new Nexus Marlin for me come fall. 
Have you checked out [this thread](http://forum.xda-developers.com/oneplus-3/review/screen-time-t3400058) on XDA? Some OP3 users are managing 11+ hours SOT over 24 hours. I'm not sure to what extent they're optimizing with greenify/amplify, dark themes, etc but there are some very impressive numbers in there from many users. 
My thoughts exactly. It's officially off the short list. 
Aside from no change on the lock screen, any noticable UI changes?
Yeah I guess I should have said it explicitly but you said it for me, take my opinion on the WP with a grain of salt. I've heard some complaints from friends/coworkers that do or have owned Windows phones and that's what I stated here. I have no idea what malicious apps they downloaded, only that they claim they have had issues stemming directly from using bad apps. The live tiles aren't for me but like any OS, others may enjoy the UI more so than the mainstream iOS and Android OS platforms. 

Sorry for the spew of BS and limited knowledge. 
I just can't stand the live tiles. Way too cluttered of a home screen. Plus the app store is so limited and a ton of the apps are malicious. Those that aren't get limited dev support it seems. Just seems like an afterthought of an OS. Janky animations and all around unpolished. 

Granted, my only experience was messing around with a coworkers Lumina 930 but it was enough time for me to safely say I will never own a Windows phone. 
Oof that's bad. I just hit 1h 4min SOT over 5 hours and I'm at 82% battery. Seems that it varies wildly device to device. 
Have you used a Windows phone before? Horrid in my opinion. Even if the HP Elite x3 was $200 I wouldn't touch it with a 10 foot pole. 
Really seems like a hit or miss device. I've had mine since November and it's still really quick with rarely a dropped frame. Turning Moto Voice off under accessibility helped so much with lag, especially in Chrome. It'll get to 110°F+ if I'm using GPS for 20+ minutes straight but it stays under 100° during normal use. Warms up a but during charging but to be expected. 

I am still on 6.0 and the February security patch (haven't pulled my SIM to force the May security OTA). 3-4 hours SOT over 16 hours which I'd say is just OK. Overall it's been a solid device for me. 

With all that said, I'm getting a Nexus in the fall.  
Thanks for the response. 5-6 hours SOT would be more that sufficient for my needs. Dash charge sounds awesome. I was blown away with how quickly my Pure charged with the included Turbo Charger when I first got it and it sounds like dash charge may be even quicker. 

If the Axon 7 had closer to stock OS and an unlocked bootloader it would most likely be my next phone. Like you said, it has everything to succeed hardware wise. Front firing speakers, rear fingerprint scanner and a solid build are all huge pros for me personally. I love how stock Moto keeps the Pure (and my previous Moto X 2013) and that's what's drawing me towards the OP3 over the Axon 7. The lockscreen bell and other quirks just won't fly with me. Plus I'm just not familiar with ZTE and their update reliability. I know the Axon 7 is getting N seeing as it's a DayDream device but who knows how security updates and future OS updates will roll out. Plus the ZTE dev community seems non-existent and it will obviously stay that way if they decide to keep the bootloader locked. 

In any event, I'm waiting for the official Nexus announcement before I make a decision on a replacement for my Pure but chances are it'll be between the Nexus Marlin and the OnePlus 3 unless ZTE starts pushing OTAs that clean up the flawed software. Unlocked bootloader at the very least for me to really even consider it. 
Works on Nova
That's really solid battery life. My main gripe with my Moto X Pure is that I can't get more than 4 hours SOT. 5+ is what I want in my next phone. 

How was battery life on your OnePlus 3?
It'll be between the OnePlus 3 and the new Nexus Marlin for me come fall. Most likely the Nexus unless there's something I really don't like about it once it's officially released. 
Wait, there's wave to wake AND double tap to wake display on the OP3??? How did I miss that!?! Looks like I'll have a tougher decision to make than I had originally thought when it comes time to replace my Moto X Pure this fall. 
Pretty much. Based on what Motorola did with the Moto X Play I'm guessing that the Moto Z Play, if it does actually come to fruition, won't be available in the US. That leaves Verizon users with the Moto Z Droid and Moto Z Force Droid (the Droid naming is so damn obnoxious). So Verizon bloat and Verizon updates (or lackthereof) for lyfe!

Sprint users won't be able to use the Moto Z or it's variations whatsoever. 

I can't wait for the Nexus release. 
Damn AP is good! They even got the G logo on the back of the phone correct in their renders.
The Moto Z will be Verizon exclusive to start with an unlocked version being released at a later date. The unlocked version will support GSM networks only however. The Moto Z Force is Verizon exclusive for good. Unsure about the Moto Z Play. 
As far as I can tell, no. 
That's a bummer. It's one of the reasons I can't leave Nova. Limted to 4 across on my Pure's 5.7" screen with GN/Nexus launchers and it drives me insane. 
Yeah it's not a good look at all. I like this new Nexus launcher but it's not nearly good enough to pull me from Nova. Still way too barebones in the options department. To be expected with Google's launchers though I guess 
Yeah, this review is complete shit IMO. 
The quality of this review is atrocious. 

She lists the phone not having a removable battery under "bad" yet no flagships aside from the V10 and G5 have a removable battery. She's directly comparing it to the OP3 which doesn't have a removable battery. 

Such a hacked together review. The mobile portion of CNET is junk. 
Are you asking if the arrow is persistent? If so, I believe it is. It's always present in all of the videos and screenshots I've seen so far. 
Thanks for posting this! Hopefully more see it. 
Per the article for those with wallpaper change causing a crash / not able to swipe left for Google Now: 
>Others have noted force closes when trying to select a new wallpaper, but flashing the zip via TWRP fixes that problem. Flashing the zip will also enable the swipe right for Google Now action.

EDIT: Flashable [ZIP](https://puu.sh/qnogH/2409db2584.zip) thanks to u/pipedream-

EDIT 2: Step by step instructions credit to u/90sChennaiGuy

>This is how I got Google Now to work on the new launcher.

>* Install the Nexus Launcher as a system app. (TWRP flashable zip link in OP's post.)

>* Install the Google Now Launcher and set it as a defualt launcher.

>* Use Now on Tap to enable Now on Tap and subsequently, Google Now.

>* Switch to Nexus Launcher as default and continue using Google Now.

>You should end up with it working like this : http://imgur.com/a/CkRZK
But note that the wallpaper picker and Google Now only work if the launcher is installed as a system app
I wish us Pure owners could say the same. 
Ah ok. I guess that makes a little more sense. So you tap the notification bell and then Spotify's quick controls are displayed? 
Wait, seriously? To control music from the Axon 7 lockscreen you have to tap the notification bell first? How does that make any sense?! They seriously botched the lockscreen IMO. Hope an update is pushed out soon. I really want to like the Axon 7 but some of the software choices ZTE made are baffling. 
Thanks for the detailed response! I'm a sucker for stock Android (Moto's OS is like 99% stock aside from the added Moto Actions/Display) which is why I'm so concerned about MiFavor, and really any OEM theming in general. Doesn't sound like it's that "heavy" though which is good to hear. 

The LCD panel on my Moto X Pure has been pretty fantastic (I'm lucky seeing as many MXPE owners had/have screen issues). But I definitely miss the deep, inky blacks of AMOLED that I had on my Moto X 2013. I imagine the Axon 7's panel is MUCH nicer than my old Moto's seeing as it was only 4.7" and 740p. The 640 DPI thing is crazy. The icons/text I've seen in the review videos look comically large. Like you said, Nova will take care of the icon/homescreen portion of that but it should definitely be changed with an OTA update. 

Are the included ZTE apps uninstallable by chance? Like the ZTE Rewards app mentioned the AC review? At least it sounds like there's very minimal bloat on the phone. Always a plus. 

I know you haven't had an active SIM in your phone yet but can you comment on battery life at all?
Thanks! Coming from your Nexus 5X, how are you handling the themed MiFavor 4.0 UI? Also, what network are you using it on and do you have any connectivity issues/odd bugs? 
Another solid review for the Axon 7. And another "editor's choice." The phone seems to be racking those up. So far I've seen that accolade given by Tom's Guide, PC Mag, Android Authority and now Android Central. Pretty impressive for a phone that's been out for around a week. 

I really want this phone to stay on my shortlist as a potential replacement for my Moto X Pure but the more published reviews I read/watch the more I'm starting to think the Nexus 'Marlin' will be my only option this year.

My biggest concerns & complaints from the reviews/threads I've read so far are:

* MiFavor 4.0 UI - I've had a pretty stock Android OS experience since leaving my Galaxy S3 (Moto X 2013 and now a Moto X Pure) and I'm not sure I can go back to a themed device. Nove Prime is always my first download but that can't change everything. MiFavor 4.0 looks to be rather lightly implemented compared to other OEM themes/UI's but little things like the 4G LTE icon, (and other status bar icons not being AOSP), the notification shade and settings menu don't sit well with me. Battery stats not showing SOT? Why? The stock 640 DPI setting is crazy for a 5.5" 1440p screen. I know it can be changed via ADB but it sounds like that messes up a few things... they really should push an update for that issue alone. 

* Notifications - This reviewer doesn't touch upon the lockscreen notifications at all but the bell notification thing seems terrible to me. At least give the option to change to a standard lockscreen notification layout. 

* Capacitive buttons - I can go either way on this but until I try them in person I'm listing them as a con. 

* OS updates - I know this phone is a DayDream compatible device so it's a given that it will get Nougat. Hopefully in a timely manner. But beyond that, I have zero knowledge of ZTE's OS and security patch updates. This review doesn't give me much comfort in that regard with the Axon Pro receiving just one OS update to 6.0.

* Bootloader Locked - I know this is a HUGE issue on r/Android, ZTE community forums and XDA and may be a little overblown but it's definitely cause for concern. Especially if timely/regular updates aren't a thing with ZTE. 

All in all I'm definitely not ruling this phone out, yet. The build and hardware look perfect. Front firing speakers are now pretty much a must for me and if the Nexus leaks are to be believed that isn't happening this year. I love the metal uni-body and the rear fingerprint scanner. The 5.5" screen size seems to be a sweet spot, especially with the thin bezels. Battery life seems solid and the price is incredibly hard to beat for what's offered. I just hope ZTE listens to it's users, unlocks the bootloader and takes care of some of the odd software choices/issues with OS updates sooner rather than later. 

I'm stuck on Verizon so the OP3 is unfortunately not an option for me (work pays my phone bill and I'm spoiled with the coverage).
A user over on XDA dropped in an activate Verizon SIM and was able to get full voice and data, LTE as well. However, he's having some odd signal strength issues and for whatever reason when he's on WiFi he can't connect back to Verizon data without rebooting the phone. Certainly sounds quirky at the moment. 

[Here's](http://forum.xda-developers.com/axon-7/how-to/axon-7-initial-t3428001) the thread if you're interested in reading more. 

All of the Verizon LTE bands (2, 4 & 13) are present on the phone but no 2CA B2/4+B13 support unfortunately. It should work, just slightly gimped as far as bandwidth speeds go. 
That makes sense. Thanks. 
So many repeat questions/threads in this sub! Just trying to keep the clutter down. If only people would search!
This is the biggest hangup I have on the Axon 7. I know nothing about ZTE and their update schedule/timing aside from what you stated about the last Axon. If ZTE does end up unlocking the bootloader that would make me feel better... with that hopefully the dev community will start pushing ROM support. 

I'm holding out for the official Nexus announcement and by them I'm hoping we have more published reviews on the Axon 7 and ZTE's plan to get it to N / bootloader info. 
Yep I did see that. Another cause for complaint. If you're on Verizon you're stuck with the added VZW bloat and if you're on Sprint or US Cellular you're SOL I guess. 
I've had a great experience with my Pure. I purchased it through Moto Maker in November and have had zero issues with it aside from one dead pixel on the screen. I consistently see 3-4 hours SOT over 16+ hours off the charger. The TurboPower charging is super fast. Love the screen size and of course the Moto gestures and Active Display. It's been a great phone! 

As mentioned all of this sub and r/Android, Motorola/Lenovo has a poor reputation as far as customer service goes and they've been lacking with monthly security updates and timely OS updates. Marshmallow came pretty quickly but many Pure owners are still on 6.0 when 6.0.1 has been out for quite some time now. If those things don't bother you then by all means get the phone. It's a solid phone especially when you consider the deals that are popping up all over now. 

EDIT: Just saw that you'll be getting the Style variation of the phone via your title flair. I believe most Style users are on 6.0.1 as for whatever reason that variant has been seeing updates before the US Pure. Just wanted to clarify.
Hmm. I know this works on the Nexus devices but I can't get it work on my Moto X Pure. Is there a setting I need to turn on or something? Not that I need a third way to open my camera from the lockscreen, just generally curious. 
Alright, this is going to get a bit long winded and may not make complete sense but bear with me here... 

I think a lot of logical thought has been blurred in this sub and in r/Android because of Moto/Lenovo's latest moves. The Moto X phone line has had a pretty respectable following since inception and people are pissed with this year's flagship offerings and how Lenovo has been running things since they acquired Motorola. From the poor customer service, security/update announcement and now the Moto Z. That, coupled with no official details regarding a 2016 Moto X (correct me on this if I'm wrong) has left an extremely poor taste with the "tech" Moto users. I believe that's where most of the hate is stemming from. I know that's how it's been for me personally.  

I'd like to think the 5% tech crowd can understand Moto's business choices; they want to make money and as much of it as possible. That's clearer now than ever based on what's happening this year with the Moto Z, carrier exclusivity and Moto Mods. Motorola has had a long standing relationship with Verizon and their DROID branded, VZW exclusive phones so I'm not surprised to see them back again for 2016. My big complaint, and I believe others, is that it seems to be the ONLY choice from Moto this year for a flagship phone. If this trend continues from here on out then I'd say Moto will be dead with the "tech crowd." 

I don't know about you, but all of my friends are what I'd call "techies." Mostly engineers or IT professionals in their mid-late 20's. And of my group of friends I'm the ONLY one that's ever owned a Moto device since the RAZR days (2013 X and 2015 Pure). Aside from consumers that have owned DROIDS in the past, who other than the "5% tech group" is going to go straight for the Moto Z when Verizon offers Apple, Samsung and LG flagships for roughly the same price? The Moto Z is an unknown phone from a brand that is by no means synonymous with "the popular phones." Moto holds ~5% of the OEM market share. Let's face it, for the other 95% of mobile users you purchase a phone based on what others in your social circle own or what's popular with masses. As far as I'm concerned that hasn't been any Motorola phones since the RAZR days. By having the Moto Z as their only top-tier option their alienating the tech crowd and kissing whatever percentage of sales that may be goodbye. Literally putting all of their eggs in one basket and hoping they can steal sales from the likes of Apple, Samsung and LG seems like a death sentence to me. What's going to drive new sales? Expensive phones on Verizon and expensive Mods that only work with said phones? I know the E & G lines sell well, particularly in countries other than the US but so do many other OEM budget phones.  

TL;DR - The "tech crowd" is upset with Lenovo's handling of Motorola and their flagship offerings this year. Along with the terrible customer service and lack of timely updates. I think the OP is stating that Moto will be "kaput" with the tech crowd, not the general populus. "Everyone" in OP's last sentence being the r/Android and tech crowd. Good luck to Lenovo/Moto if this is how they proceed from here on out. They will have effectively alienated and eliminated their biggest group of proponents. 
I've had both the camera and flashlight accidentally activate as a result of dropping the phone. Never while walking with the phone in my pocket. I don't run with my phone so I can't comment there. 

There's a quick launch camera icon in the lower righthand corner of the lock screen. You swipe up diagonally on it to open the camera. I almost always use the twist to launch from lock though. 
Haha yep. I really want to stay on Verizon and I like the Axon 7 a lot from what I've read/seen so far. Hopefully we get some more info from users on Verizon over the next few days. I'm either going Axon 7 or the new Nexus 'Marlin' (pending official release specs/reviews of course) to replace my Moto X Pure. My employer pays my cellphone bill regardless of whatever carrier I choose (they actually prefer Verizon) and Verizon's coverage is second to none so I'd have a hard time switching. T-Mobile has definitely improved in my area as well though so we'll see. Hope Verizon works fully on the Axon 7!
ZTE stated it will be/is fully compatible with CDMA networks during their webinar but that was really all we heard. They mentioned that CDMA bands "wouldn't be actived until carrier approval." Looking at the phone specs on ZTE's site it clearly has all of Verizon's LTE bands; 2, 4 and 13 but you're right about the 2CA and 3CA band 13 support. I'm not seeing it listed. 

A user on XDA says he can successfully connect to Verizon LTE but he's having issues with signal strength and connectivity when switching from WiFi to data. [Here's](http://forum.xda-developers.com/axon-7/how-to/axon-7-initial-t3428001) the thread. I'm waiting for more Verizon users to chime in here, on XDA and ZTEs forums as it's still not clear how this phone performs on Verizon at the moment. 
Interesting. A couple users over on XDA are reporting similar signal strength issues but it sounds like it could be an issue with how the single stength bars are showing up. The OP of [this](http://forum.xda-developers.com/axon-7/how-to/axon-7-initial-t3428001) thread, using Verizon, is pulling -102 dBa and 49 down/28 up on Verizon LTE. He also reports some T-Mobile speeds that sound OK. 
Check out [this](http://forum.xda-developers.com/axon-7/how-to/axon-7-initial-t3428001) thread over on XDA.
That's good to hear! Coming from Moto's awesome Active Display the notification bell was one feature I wasn't thrilled about. Still, based on the OP's response it doesn't sound all that bad. 
Thanks for the response! If I do end up going with the Axon 7 I'm definitely going to miss Active Display (Moto X) but that doesn't sound too bad. I wish the bell wasn't just a bell but an icon of the notification type but it sounds functional enough as is. Maybe ZTE will make some changes with an update later on.
How does the notification bell on the lock screen work? Does it allow you to "peek" the notifications you have? Can you then open the apps with notifications from there or do you have to unlock the phone and open the app manually?
I think so. I really can't see the Moto Z having much success with the high base price,  expensive mods and Verizon exclusivity (for now, I know).

The only way I'm sticking with Moto is if what you describes happens with the a new Moto X. 5.5" panel, SD820, 3,200+ mAh battery, fingerprint scanner IN THE DAMN DIMPLE, headphone jack, Moto Maker, USB-c 3.0, stick to the beloved Moto X form factor and fully unlocked for around $400. 

A guy can dream, right? I don't think it's going to happen but we will see. I'd even quit my bitching about the lack of timely security and OS updates! Ok probably not, but still. Give us what the people want!!! 
Those numbers look pretty damn solid. I'm pulling -110 dBm (Verizon LTE) on my Moto X Pure 2015 with the signal status showing 3 bars. 

I would imagine every 820 equipped phone has the same Qualcomm modem. 

I think you may be right about the signal bar not reporting signal strength correctly. 
There is full CDMA support (all bands for Verizon and Sprint) but supposedly they aren't activated yet as ZTE is waiting for carrier approval. However, some users are reporting they're getting voice and data on Verizon by dropping in an activated SIM albeit with some odd signal strength issues. 
Yeah the phone definitely has all of the required bands but according to what was stated during ZTE's webinar and on their community forums those bands aren't "activated" currently as they are waiting for approval from Verizon (and Sprint). I'm not quite sure how that works though if they truly are inactive at the moment. Would they need to push an OTA once they've been given approval from Verizon & Sprint to get everything full activated? 

You would think you'd be able to drop in an activated Verizon SIM and be good to go straight away. 
http://forum.xda-developers.com/axon-7/how-to/axon-7-initial-t3428001

OP of the above thread over on XDA is reporting he was able to connect to Verizon LTE but does report weaker signal strength compared to other devices (6P and S7E). 
Nice! I'm hoping more people become active on the r/Axon7 sub as they start receiving their phones. Really looking forward to some user reviews. 

I'm holding out until full Verizon/CDMA network compatibility is activated and for the official Nexus release but this phone very well may replace my Moto X Pure. 
Great hands on look. Definitely the best I've seen so far.

I know he wasn't doing anything overly intensive but I'm pretty impressed that he started the video with 97% battery at 10:20 and was only down to 88% before getting into the camera stuff at 11:16. Screen at full brightness and on the entire time, GPS and NFC on. My Moto X Pure would be at like 70% in that amount of time with that type of usage. 
Are you able to pull 3G and LTE? I read over on the ZTE community forums that those that dropped in Verizon SIMs are constantly roaming and can't connect to LTE. They can make some calls and get data but all at gimped speeds due to limited connectivity. 

I wish Verizon wasn't so difficult for OEM's to work with! Just whitelist the damn phone and allow ZTE to have the CDMA functionality full-on out of the box!
https://www.reddit.com/r/MotoX/comments/4unq2v/ideas_on_glass_screen_protectors/
I'm very intrigued by the ZTE Axon 7. The specs and initial reviews (Android Authority & PCmag) are very positive. I'm still waiting on more reviews and user posts to roll out before I make a more formal opinion of the phone but it certainly sounds like it's going to be a serious contender in the ~$400 range.  But I, like you, have very little knowledge of ZTE as a company and how they handle updates and things like that. Their Passport warranty program sounds fantastic though and ZTE employees are quite active over on their community forums so those are both huge pluses. 

I haven't owned an Android phone with a UI skin since my Galaxy S3 and I've really grown to love the stock Android UI on the Moto phones I've owned. Both the Axon 7 and the Idol 4s look to be pretty close to stock but you can certainly tell there's some theming/skinning overlaid when looking at the notification shades, status bar icons, etc. I know a lot of that can be changed with a launcher and icon pack but still. The Idol 4s isn't on my radar as I just flat out don't like the way the phone looks and I could care less about it being bundled with a low budget VR kit. For $400 it seems overpriced for what you're getting. 

I made the jump from a Moto X 2013 to the 2015 Moto X Pure in November and I really do love the phone. The size increase definitely took some getting used to but I'm now 100% sold on the "phablet" screen size. Media consumption is simply fantastic. I can't even remember the last time I powered up my iPad. You're obviously familiar with the Moto actions/features and for me those are going to be hard to give up when I switch to another brand phone. Battery life will be better on the Pure coming from the 2013 X but it's by no means great compared to the flagships that are rolling out now. My biggest concern with the 2015 Pure is the potential lack of update support in the future. I'm fairly confident it will get Nougat, and hopefully in a timely manner, but I don't foresee it going beyond that. The security patch news is certainly disconcerting but I don't know if I'd call that a full on deal breaker. Also note that customer service is pretty much a nightmare for most.

If I were you I'd wait for more reviews to come out for both the Axon 7 and the Idol 4s and make your decision from there. The deals on the Pure should only get better as time goes on and the Moto Z launch date gets closer. If it were my money, I'd be leaning towards the Axon 7 if the reviewers continue to praise it and you can get some clarity on the update scheduling and so on. 
FYI another user over on ZTE's community forums that received the phone today stating no issues with connecting to various WiFi's. 

https://community.zteusa.com/thread/11225 

Sounds like you unfortunately got a defective unit.
After Motorola's [announcement](http://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2016/07/motorola-confirms-that-it-will-not-commit-to-monthly-security-patches/) yesterday regarding security patches I would say go with the Nexus. That is unless you don't care about timely security and software updates. The Pure is a better phone in my opinion; great front firing speakers, battery life on par with the 5X, larger screen (preference), Moto gestures/software additions and so on. However, with how Lenovo has been handling things lately (my Pure is still on 6.0 and February security patch, yes I haven't pulled my SIM but still) I just don't trust them to support the phone moving forward. 

EDIT: To clarify, I really do like my Pure. I've had it since November with zero issues. I loved my Moto X 2013 and the Pure has been a great upgrade from that phone. I consistently get 3-4 hours SOT over 16 hours, the screen size is perfect for media consumption and the Moto gestures/features are still my favorite feature of the phone. But with Lenovo now pulling the strings and the abysmal customer service I just can't recommend the phone to anyone. I haven't read up on the G4 much and that phone *may* get more focus from Lenovo as far as updates go seeing as it's a newly released phone but who knows at this point.  
He nailed my thoughts on the Moto Mods. Just, "why?" I get that innovation is necessary to push the industry forward but aside from the battery pack Mod none of these Mods make any sense. You can get a fantastic, standalone Bluetooth speaker (i.e. JBL Flip 3) for ~$20 more than the speaker Mod. You can argue that you then have to lug around a larger and heavier Bluetooth speaker but that's such a reach when you look at how much better a Bluetooth speaker performs than the JBL mod. You still have to lug around the JBL Mod and when attached the phone it makes the phone a nuisance to use. The projector mod is just laughable. Talk about throwing shit at the wall until it sticks. I can only imagine how those development meetings went. 

If this phone was $400-500 unlocked then I could *maybe* see it making some sense but at $624 base price with the additional Mods (the battery pack essentially being a "must buy" with the Moto Z) this is way overpriced. 

Before this review I wasn't even aware of this: 
>Only the Moto Z will come out as an unlocked device, and it will only support GSM/LTE. 

So you're telling me that if I want to avoid Verizon's exclusivity and added bloat I have to be on a GSM service provider? Ridiculous.

I'll forgo commenting on the lack of a 3.5mm headphone jack as that horse has already been beat to death on this sub and in other reviews. I can't see this phone having any success except with Moto brand loyalists and those that stick to 2 year Verizon contracts for subsidized pricing.

EDIT: Formatting
Yeah I was surprised to read that in the PC Mag review. Very promising. I'm going to hold out for further confirmation regarding out of the box Verizon compatibility but hopefully it's good to go. 
Totally agree with you regarding the install compared to the film protectors. Those things can be a nightmare to get aligned and 100% bubble free. Once aligned properly, the tempered glass protectors adhere so easily. I went nuts cleaning my screen with the sticker beforehand but I still have few pieces of lint stuck between the screen and the protector. They're small enough that I hardly notice them though. 

I believe Pleson will send you a free replacement protector seeing as yours chipped. But if it isn't causing a problem it may not be worth removing your current one and installing a new one. 
I'm using [this](https://www.amazon.com/Protector-Motorola-Tempered-Protectors-Pure-Lifetime/dp/B015SMYSZM) tempered glass protector and it's been great. I've had it on my Pure since December without any issues. I have a *tiny* strip of haloing on the righthand side but it's barely noticeable. Aside from it picking up more fingerprints than the phone's Gorilla Glass, I've been very happy with it. Especially seeing as it was only ~$8. 

Because of the radiused edges on the Pure's screen, the screen protector just covers the flat portion of the screen so as to avoid severe haloing. 
Agreed. I've been so spoiled with front firing speakers on my Moto X Pure that it'll be hard for me to go without them. 

Also, the fact that the OP3 requires the Dash Charge wall adapter for any sort of quick charge capability. I like that ZTE uses QC 3.0 as I already have an external battery pack and multiple wall bricks with QC 3.0 support. 
Alright thanks. I'll check YouTube after work for the webinar.  

It's unfortunate that they don't just leave the CDMA bands active so people with an activated SIM can just drop it in and be good to go.  

From the initial reviews/hands-on demos this phone looks really promising. I'm going to wait for some additional reviews to come out but this could be a solid replacement for my Moto X Pure so long as it'll work on Verizon in the near future. If the Marlin Nexus device is $500+ then this very well may be my next phone.
Is there any official word on out of the box compatibility with the US CDMA networks? I know the phone has all of the necessary CDMA bands for VZW and Sprint but will they be activated? I missed the ZTE webinar unfortunately. From what I've read, the CDMA bands will most likely be inactive when the phone ships but they should be activated at a later date via an OTA if/when VZW and Sprint allow ZTE to do so. 

Can anyone that caught the webinar confirm? 

EDIT: Grammar
I had a 2017 Ford Fusion in Titanium trim last week as a rental car while traveling for business. The Sync 3 interface is great. Really miles ahead of where Sync was a few iterations ago. I was pleasantly surprised to see the Android Auto toggle option when messing around in settings. 

I hope we see all of the major OEM's implementing Android Auto over the next few years. I know it will be on my list of required features when I'm car shopping in 2-3 years. 
Glad to hear it! I've been using the cache partition clearing method as a sort of 'catch all' for any oddball issues with my Pure. So far, it hasn't let me down. 
That's good to hear. I really like the look of the Axon 7 and the specs look really good, especially for $400. I'm going to wait for detailed reviews to roll out but if the new Nexus devices aren't up to snuff and Verizon compatibility is fully functional by the fall it'll definitely be on my list of phones to consider. 
I've never seen this issue before. Certainly an odd one. Have you tried clearing the cache partition through recovery? This has cleared up a few odd issues I've had with my Pure (phone wouldn't Doze, issues with apps updating, etc.) I'd say at this point it's worth a shot:

https://motorola-global-portal.custhelp.com/app/answers/prod_answer_detail/a_id/107107/p/30,6720,9541


See my comment above to u/Danorexic. Try turning Moto Voice off under Accessibility. That should fix the hanging volume slider issue. You will still be able to active OK Google (or whatever you activation phrase is) with the screen off and so far as I can tell no real Moto Voice functionality is lost by turning it off. 
By chance, do you have any accessabilities turned on? I have a feeling this is the case with anyone that has the volume slider issue. 

Turn off Moto Voice under Accessibility and the volume slider issue should go away. The always listening feature for OK Google will still work per usual. I'm not exactly sure what, if any, functionality is lost when turning off Moto Voice under Accessibility but as far as I can tell it's none. 

EDIT: I just tried it. I turned Moto Voice on under Accessibility and sure enough the volume slider stays on screen until I tap elsewhere. When I turn Moto Voice off the volume slider automatically goes away after a few seconds.  
Yeah it looks pretty solid. I'm still waiting for some reviews to come out but the price is right, the build/specs look great and it's fully unlocked. The only con I see is that it has an OS skin, MiFavor UI 4.0. I'm not sure how heavily implemented it is but I've been spoiled with the near stock Android OS on the Pure which is why I'll most likely lean towards a Nexus after I'm done with the Pure. 

Also, I read that it isn't fully compatible with Verizon/Sprint networks (I believe it's missing some CDMA frequencies) out of the box but ZTE is working with those carriers and will push an update that will give it full compatibility. 
At this current time, no I would not replace with another Moto X Pure. If you have no backup phone and want another unlocked flagship for ~$400 I would strongly consider the OnePlus 3 and the ZTE Axon 7 (however I'm not at all familiar with ZTE and their phone support/update reliability). I'd even consider the 6P from Swappa ($385 is the lowest I'm seeing currently in mint condition). If you really liked your Moto X Pure I would also consider getting one off Swappa ($290 mint condition 32GB). 

Personally, if I were in your situation, I would limp through the next few months on my 2013 Moto X (which, surprisingly, still works pretty well) and then buy one of the new Nexus devices in the fall. 
Seriously. He even made about a post about Textra/Kik causing issues with the Pure and asked the mods to sticky it. They obviously declined. 

Many, many people with Textra installed posted in that thread and others reporting zero issues, myself included. He still got pissy saying "if u don't have issues this doesn't concern u." So on and so forth. 

Textra installed on my Pure for months with zero issues. 3+ hours SOT over 16+ hours daily. 

Edit: Just made another thread. Haha. 
Good call. Android OS accounts for just under 8 GB on my Pure so that would make sense. 
Moto uses the split bottom speaker layout on the Moto X Force and the Droid Turbo 2. Same phone, the Force is the international version and the Turbo 2 is the Verizon exclusive. There's no fingerprint scanner on either of those models. The Force is what is pictured in this article, not the Moto X 2016. 
http://www.droid-life.com/2015/09/11/moto-x-pure-edition-project-fi/
Yeah it certainly is odd. Also, 24 GB of storage? The article states 32 GB but the screenshot below says otherwise. I'll take this all with a grain of salt until it's officially announced. Like with any leaked benchmark. 
In battery stats, what does your "awake" bar look like in comparison to your "screen on" bar? They should look relatively similar. 
The picture in the article is of the Moto X Force.  
What's your general consensus when compared to the Moto X Pure? Aside from getting security patches right away and whatnot. 
Clearly, thats not normal. Like u/Flacvest mentioned, have you looked at your battery stats? An app must be keeping your phone awake or something. Terrible reception? 
Purchased mine in November. Battery yields around 3-3.5 hours SOT over 16 hours. I see those numbers mainly on WiFi and in good LTE coverage otherwise I'll struggle to get 3 hours SOT. It's degraded slightly since I first got it but I rarely have to charge it during the day. 

Other than the slight battery degradation the phone has been solid. Snappy and fluid animations/UI. Camera still impresses me when the lighting is good. I have one dead pixel but it's hardly noticeable. I have to look for it to find it. Screen is flawless otherwise. Still love the Moto software/actions. I wish security patches/OS updates were pushed out in a more timely manner (still on February patch and 6.0) but to be expected with Lenovo I guess. I'm totally stock FYI. No root and locked bootloader still.

All in all its been a great phone for me. Especially for $450 and being carrier independent. However, I'll most likely be purchasing a new Nexus in the fall if the specs/reviews check out. Between Lenovo's terrible CS, the dying software/security patch support and the new shit Moto Z there's a good chance I'll be moving on. 
Nice bike! Haven't heard anything but glowing reviews for the 153 (and the entire Process line for that matter). Enjoy!
Can't I just hate this thing and have everyone agree with me??? Haha. I kid.

You've made a lot of good points in your posts to me and others in the various Moto Z threads that have been popping up in r/Android over the past few days. I guess this is what happens when consumers cry for innovation with phones. Sometimes the OEM's listen and this is the result. You can't please everyone. 

If a Moto X is announced with the design language of generations past, a 5.5-5.7" screen, Moto software suite with otherwise stock Android OS, fingerprint reader, an SD 820/821 SOC, mirco SD slot and a 3,200 mAh+ battery that's totally carrier independent for $400-$500 I'll quit my whining. Unfortunately there have been zero rumblings of a 4th gen Moto X so I'll have to look elsewhere for my next phone. 
I guess I should have put IMO in my OP. 
The bottom bezel, the large camera bump unless you have a module/back snapped on. The tiny, equally spaced power and volume buttons. The magnetic connectors on the back that are exposed unless you have a module/back on it... the list goes on. 

I so hope this phone fails miserably. Also, the phone "no headphone jack" thing needs to go away as well. 

A foolishly designed phone all around. 
I daily a 2009 Infiniti G37x sedan but it's no bueno for bike hauling. 

My SO drives a 2006 Subaru Forester. It's the weekend adventure rig. I absolutely love the car. Roof rack for most trips (bike's in the warm seasons and Thule box for the winter) but when I'm solo I'll fold the rear seats down and can fit my bike in no problem, even with the front wheel on. 

Gas mileage, especially with bikes and/or Thule box on top, leaves quite a bit to be desired (~24 MPG highway at 65-70 MPH) but it has awesome ground clearance and has been incredibly reliable *knocks on wood* with just regular maintenance. 
This phone looks absolutely terrible. 
Have you tried retraining/rephrasing the Moto Voice activation phrase? I've had to do that once when it was randomly activating. I used the same phrase, just retrained it. No issues since. 
My biggest gripe with the Moto Z isn't so much that it's thin and has a 2600 mAh battery it's the fact that the Moto X line and all that was loved about it is essentially dead. Unless Moto announces a mid-high tier X that bridges the gap between the G and the Z then I'm off the brand. 

The whole idea behind the Moto X line was an affordable, pseudo flagship (in the case of the 15 Pure, you can call it a true flagship) with focus on the user experience, stock Android with useful Moto additions and a form fit that was incredible in hand. All at an affordable price free from a carrier contract. 

With the Z you're looking at the complete opposite. Its announced as a carrier exclusive device (to start, I know). It's thin, sure, but where did the Moto asthetic go? We don't have any idea on non-carrier pricing (as far as I know) but based on the leaked Verizon on contract pricing this is more than likely going to be a $600+ phone. Throw in $80+ for each of the modules and you're looking at a phone that's unattainable for most unless paid for via monthly carrier contract payments. 

I understand the industry needs to push forward with innovative features, such as modular components, but this was just a complete 180 for Moto. 

I'm in the crowd of "I'm fine with thickness for additional battery capacity" and sure the Pure's battery does leave something to be desired. But, like you said, I'm not on my phone for 25% of my waking life so the ~3 hours SOT I get with my Pure is totally fine for my needs. 

All in all its more disappointment than anything else. The phone will be fine in its own right I'm sure. But in my opinion it will be a niche device that's mainly purchased through Verizon. The Moto X line has/had an almost cult like following of Android users who loved it for what it was and that's unfortunately looking to be a part of the past now. 

Don't even get me started on the 'timely' updates we've seen now that Lenovo is at the helm...
It's all so you're essentially forced to buy their additional "Moto mods." 

[Here's](http://phandroid.com/2016/06/13/moto-z-moto-mods-prices/) Phandroids article outlining the module prices. This phone is such a fucking gimmick. 
I know right. So convenient! 

This phone is a disappointment on so many levels. 
100% agree. All of your points are spot on. I'd also add:

* That massive chin... ugh. 
* No front firing speakers
* Terrible side button layout
* 2600 mAh battery with a 1440p screen


Looks like my 2015 Pure will be my last Moto phone unless they make some serious changes for future phones. 

Goodnight sweet prince... 
https://www.reddit.com/r/MotoX/comments/4s0fxw/charging_is_next_to_impossible_on_pure_anyone/
Can't upvote this enough! 
I think it's tough to pin poor battery life and phone performance on a single app unless it's a known app with major issue throughout the Android community (Facebook, Snapchat, etc). 

Aside from those major, poorly coded Android apps, it's tough to say what one user's experience is going to be compared to another. So many factors contribute to battery life, phone temps, performance etc that it really should be looked at in a case by case basis. Cell signal strength, apps installed, usage patterns, WiFi connection strength and so on all play major roles in battery life. 

You can certainly generalize a phone's basic performance and battery life based on published reviews, Reddit and various other public outlets. It's pretty much agreed upon that the Pure averages somewhere between 3-4 hours SOT with warm, but acceptable temperatures, for the vast majority of users. But to create a post like this (not the first post of this nature that I've seen in this sub/other phone subs) it's really not a fair assessment of the phone and apps that other users (read: a lot of users) have had great experiences with. 

Sorry for the rant...
So you've seen 3+ cases of this and you want the mods to sticky this? 

How about the 10+ cases in this thread alone with people reporting zero issues with Textra? I'm one of them. I've had Textra installed for months on my Pure with zero battery life issues (3-4 hours SOT over 16 hour day) and no overheating issues either. 

I think the people reporting issues with Textra/Kik are the "odd cases" not the other way around. 
I'm by no means claiming to have knowledge on the differences between IPS & TFT technologies... I just happened to remember that the Pure's panel was listed as an IPS TFT LCD. 
Define "much faster"... The Pure has some frame drops here and there but it's pretty damn fluid for most tasks. I would hope the 820 has improved over the 808. The 808 definitely runs warm but I've never had thermal throttling. Closer to stock OS... the Moto runs essentially stock Android with the Moto features baked in via the Moto app. Doesn't the OP3 run OxygenOS on Android? Side by side with the 6P and I see zero discernible difference between the Moto's OS and the 6P's aside from the grid layout (4 wide on Moto, 5 on the 6P). 
This is how it's listed on Moto's website:
 
**Display**

5.7” IPS TFT LCD

1440p Quad HD (1440x2560)

520 ppi

Corning® Gorilla® Glass 3
You should almost always be standing while descending. Typically sitting while climbing/pedaling on flat. But that varies greatly with the terrain and how you're trying to ride. Some climbs require you to get out of the saddle. 
Yeah it seems like the S7 is the top phone for both camera and battery life at the moment but you certainly have to pay for it. 

It doesn't look like the OP3 fares very well with low light shots from the reviews I've read so it may be pretty comparable to the Pure in that regard. I've taken some really nice shots with my Pure during the daytime but once the sun goes down everything gets muddy and grainy. I almost never take photos with it unless the lighting is there. 
Unless it came with adapters/reducers, you'll want to buy those [here](https://www.amazon.com/TEKTON-4957-Adapter-Reducer-4-Piece/dp/B000NQ4PBG/ref=pd_bxgy_469_img_3?ie=UTF8&refRID=PAME60P1XMJ9HQAT2H2T) and then a set of [hex bits](https://www.amazon.com/Capri-Tools-CP30002-Metric-13-Piece/dp/B007UQLQQ4/ref=pd_sim_469_8?ie=UTF8&dpID=51xia6c7l%2BL&dpSrc=sims&preST=_AC_UL160_SR160%2C160_&refRID=H7W19MVYP39Z5FK8Z1C0). That should do it. 
I average 3.5 - 4 hours SOT over a 16 hour day. Camera is really quite good if the lighting is there... low light shots leave a lot to be desired. 

Included turbocharger is remarkably fast. 
Yeah that's what I assume but I can't find 275 rims on Spank's website/anywhere else and I zoomed wayyyy in on Chrome and the wheels are definitely 295s. 

Yeah, it's been a slow day at work haha. 
Nice! I was on there the other day looking for something else and didn't even think to check. 

Looks like you can order the M7000 components but they aren't in stock yet. When I go to add to basket it says "This item will be with us soon. You can order now."

EDIT - Some components say they'll be in stock on July 4th. Others not available until September. 
I know the spec sheet on Commencal's site says they're Spank Oozy 275s but using the zoom tool it looks like they're 295s. Maybe 275 is calling out the 27.5 size? 

Here's a review (from July 2015) - http://enduro-mtb.com/en/the-review-the-spank-oozy-trail-295-wheelset/

I don't have any experience with Spank products but I know someone on here built a Santa Cruz DH rig with Spank wheels. Sounds like they put out some solid AM/DH parts. 

EDIT - Looks like I was wrong about the 275/295 thing. On Spank's website the 295s have an outer width of 29.5mm.
Awesome. Thanks!
Don't want to highjack the thread here but.... Any idea when the SLX M7000 groupset will be on the market? I tried Googling (albeit lazily) and couldn't find a release date on Shimano's website. 

I'm dying to ditch the 3x9 Deore/Acera kit on my Kona for a 1x11 and the SLX groupset looks so spot on. Pricing is very reasonable IMO as well. 
I haven't personally ridden either but both look like pretty awesome rigs. The Meta has a 65° HT angle while the Honzo is sporting a 68° HT so the Meta is definitely a slacker, more laid ride I imagine. I'd think the Honzo will climb and pedal a bit better with the steeper HT angle and 140mm fork compared to the Meta's slacker geo & 160mm Pike... but the Meta will most likely be more playful on descents. Both builds are pretty damn well spec'd.

For the riding I do (quite a bit of climbing and nothing that warrants 160mm fork) I'd personally go for the Kona but I don't think you can go wrong either way! 
It sounds like you'll definitely want a hardtail for the riding you're planning to do but unfortunately it's going to be tough to find something for $200. Continue to scour Craigslist, Pinkbike, etc. for something used locally. I saw your post about your height/frame size. 17" should be good but obviously test ride any bikes you check out. 

For reference, my fiance is 5' 4" and rides a 15" frame. 19.5" would be wayyy too big. Even a stretch for me (5' 11").

Good luck with the search!  
What sort of riding are you looking to do? Just cruising around campus or are you planning to hit some trails? A fully rigid bike can be fun but it certainly won't be forgiving if you get onto anything rougher than gravel paths and the like. 

An entry level hardtail from any of the major brands should hold up to cruising around and light trail riding. 

What's your max budget? 
I'd steer clear of any older full suspension mountain bikes if I were you. You're just asking for issues. I did a quick Google search and it looks like that bike is a 1993... https://blog.performancebike.com/2010/10/08/flashback-friday-mountain-bikes-from-1993/

If I were you, I'd look for a used hardtail that's no more than 10 years old. Less will go wrong, the geometry will be much more current and if parts need replacing you'll actually be able to find them. 
Neither do I. One of the major selling points for me was the phone being completely carrier independent. Seems that doesn't make much of a difference.

I owned an XT1060 (2013 Moto X on Verizon) and while it received 4.4.4 really quickly, it took FOREVER to receive 5.1. Moto blamed the delays on carrier approval and testing, etc. Not sure what their excuse is with the Pure seeing as it's completely unlocked. 
It does. The few posts I've seen with Style users reporting 6.0.1 have been in the EU and they were on March 1st security patch. Some UK Style users have the May 1st security patch but are still on 6.0

Sad to say but this is definitely my last Moto phone (I had a 2013 X that I loved). Between the terrible CS, the new Moto Z abomination and the lack of timely updates I'm finally jumping ship to a Nexus. 
It seems that's just for the Style in select locations. Some people in the UK have received the May security patch but not 6.0.1 and yet other Style owners are reporting they've gotten 6.0.1.

As far as the Pure goes (US model and what OP is talking about I believe) it's still on the February security patch and 6.0

In short, it's a shitshow with no real consistency as to which models/regions are receiving recent security patches and/or 6.0.1
Thanks for the input! I have some friends that live on Bolton Valley so when I go up to visit them I won't be far from Cady Hill. Florence looks awesome. 
This. My Maxxis Ardents (non EXO-TR) have a max pressure of 60 PSI printed on the sidewall. I'm ~220 lbs and run them around 30 PSI for most conditions. 
I bought some MTB specific shorts off of Nashbar with a padded chamois liner. They make a world of difference over the regular athletic shorts I was wearing before. They don't get caught on the seat when I sit back over the rear wheel on steep descents, they breath well and I can ride forever without my ass getting sore (riding a lot has also helped my rear soreness).  

For shirts I just wear Nike drifits or the like. Something that wicks sweat and is breathable as I tend to run hot. 

For shoes I wear Patagonia's with a Vibram sole. I tried my New Balance running shoes but there's not enough surface area for solid pedal contact. A flat soled shoe makes a huge difference. I haven't slipped off the pedals even through some nasty rock gardens and root filled sections. I do have some solid [Wellgo](http://en.wellgopedal.com/products_detail_7_291.htm) platform pedals with pins that help as well. 
Easily the best app I've purchased for my phone. Can't recommend it enough! Especially at $0.99
I HAVE to get up to VT this summer with my riding buddies. We're attempting to plan a trip to the Kingdom Trails for the end of August right now. Hoping that two full days (Saturday & Sunday) will be enough riding time. Really want to explore as much as possible but most likely won't hit the Burke park. 

Stowe is also on the list of places to check out. Can most of Cady Hill Forest be ridden in a day? We've got some decent climbers in our group but we are flatlanders down here in Mass. 
Awesome build! Enjoy getting rowdy as hell on that rig!
That's way too hot. Definitely not normal. During charging/heavy use I'll see MAX temperatures of 115*F (~46*C). 60*C is crazy hot, even while turbocharging. I use Gsam to monitor battery temps. I've never had the phone too hot to hold. It definitely gets warm but never what I would call hot. 


Is it on 6.0 or 6.0.1? 
Tried clearing the cache partition through recovery? Every month or two my Pure's battery will start to crap out and the phone will be constantly awake. Clearing the cache partition always gets it back to normal for me. Have yet to do a factory reset in the 8 months I've owned it. 

https://motorola-global-portal.custhelp.com/app/answers/prod_answer_detail/a_id/107107/p/30,6720,9541
It's the same on my 2015 Pure. Audio quality via Snapchat is terrible. 
Nailed it!

A cart for gear is such a savior! Just don't get a shitty one with small plastic wheels though. I saw so many people with broken pull carts last year. 
Same guy posted another picture of the main stage on Twitter:

https://mobile.twitter.com/MidniteBurgundy/status/740925531097554944/photo/1
Good question. Mysteryland's website just states that Holy Ground camping opens at 9 AM Friday and closes at 12 PM on Monday. No mention of daily hours. I imagine you'll be good arriving at 7 PM tomorrow but you may want to ask your question on their Facebook page. From what I've seen, they're pretty responsive to most questions. 
No headphone jack... like come on. This phone is laughably bad. That was a god awful keynote as well. 
http://imgur.com/I0tS4pB

Replace 'man' with 'phone' and it gets my feelings across. 
For sure! I'm planning to get there between 10 - 11 as well. We shall see how the line is then. 

And to u/Dubamatic, last year they checked our beer/alcohol at the car search/security area prior to parking, not at the camping entrance. I saw a ton of people getting there over the limit beers taken away prior to parking. So unfortunately the additional 6 pack in line thing won't work. 
Last year it was like almost 2 hours to get through security into camping. Sucked! I drank in line though haha. Hope it goes quicker this year! I arrived at like 2-3 PM last year. Last year was a later start though. 
Same here... Just north of Boston. We're leaving tomorrow at 5:30 AM. See you there! 
Sooo many people underestimate the cold! Gloves are so key as once your hands get cold it can be really tough to get warm again. Same goes for socks. Pack accordingly and you'll be just fine! 

It looks like Saturday and Sunday nights will be a bit warmer... I'm seeing a low of 62 Saturday night and 48 on Sunday. 

With Bethel's landscape (rolling hills) you tend to get cooler pockets of air though. It can be down right chilly. 

Stay warm, be safe and if you see a leopard running around with other jungle animals & a mermaid say hi!
Haha right?! I was bummed when I saw no app as well. I used it extensively last year and the year before. 

I printed out the setlist from [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/mysteryland/comments/4n4pa3/nonblurry_set_times/) thread. I'll be carrying it with me. Also, Mysteryland said they'll be handing out printed maps/setlists all over the festival grounds. 
Bring layers! Long sleeve t-shirt, sweatshirt and even a hat/beanie if you have it. A fleece/heavier jacket may not hurt as well. I wear a t-shirt, long sleeve t-shirt and then a heavier hoodie. Sweatpants for my bottoms. I bring some light fleece gloves and most notably, wool socks! Cold feet make for a cold human. With the above gear and some dancing I was plenty warm last year. I have a full fleece leopard onesie that I'm going to wear during the nights this year so that will be my outer layer. 

Last year it got really close to, if not right at, freezing on Friday night. So many people were unprepared for the cold (i.e. people in tank tops or less). For my tent, I had a comforter underneath my sleeping pad and then sleeping bag on top of that. An additional fleece blanket to go over my sleeping bag as well (my bag is rated to 35*).

I'm from NH so I've been winter camping/hiking many times and always over prepare for the cold. Nothing worse than freezing your ass off and you can always strip layers if you get too hot/start sweating from dancing, etc. 
Mysteryland responded to this question on their Facebook page... no app this year.  
Not a problem! 

If I remember correctly, there are will call booths right before the big security tent that you pass through to get into the Holy Ground area.
That's how they did it last year. I assume it'll be the same this year!
I get this occasionally with my third party QC2 wall charger (Tenergy). It doesn't always happen at 15% for me. Pretty much anytime I plug it in when the phone is under 20% it will do the Charging > Turbocharging > not charging > repeat, routine. Sometimes it does this routine twice and then it's fine, sometimes it's 10 times before it'll take. Odd. 

As others have mentioned, I've never had this issue with the stock turbocharger. And oddly enough, it never happens with my Tenergy car charger. Just the wall unit. 
Haha yeah it doesn't show much. But damn does it look wide. At least from that angle. Just one more day until we can see it in it's entirety and in person!!! 
The car search area for Holy Ground camping was right as you pull into the camping area parking lot (field). The field for parking is on the east side of Best Rd if my memory serves me correctly. 

For those that attend with day passes (no Holy Ground camping access) I don't believe they search cars at all. I took a shuttle to and from when I camped at Landers the first year so maybe they treat shuttles differently? Doubt it but who knows. They search your person and bag once you enter through the main entrance at Bethel Woods Center. 

They don't stop and search general populace in the area as far as I know/could tell from years past. 
Damn, I guess I need to stop complaining about my Pure's battery life. I took it off the charger at 6:40 this morning, it's now 3:10 PM and I have 74% battery life with 43 mins of SoT currently. WiFi the entire day. 

I almost always hit the 3 hour SoT mark with anywhere from 5-20% battery left. Typical day has me off the charger for 16 hours. 
******STAGE SPOILER****** 

YOU'VE ALL BEEN WARNED!!!! It's not like it's the full stage or anything. Hardly a full blown preview/spoiler but for those that want complete surprise don't click the link!!!

https://mobile.twitter.com/MidniteBurgundy/status/740179495026626560

It was posted over on r/MLUSA.
I didn't see any grilling stations last year. Doubt they have them. 

I bring sandwich stuff (PB&J), beef jerky, trail mix, etc. There were a bunch of really good food vendors last year in the Plaza Central at Holy Ground. Even some healthier/vegan options if I remember correctly. Obviously the food is overpriced but I wouldn't call it completely exorbitant. 
Yeah, as long as you have zero glass you should be good to go! 
The first year I camped off site (Landers campground) and was subjected to the daily entry search. They had K9's as you walked in and then a general bag search/light body pat down. I had some 'items' double bagged and gooched (read - in my crotch under tight fitting boxer briefs) and never had an issue. The K9 officers would have you hold out my opened Camelbak and the dog would sniff it. Zero issues. 

Last year I camped at Holy Ground. u/BarryBadrinath1 pretty much covered it all and how they conduct the search there. I did have a bit of a scare with the K9 units/local police upon initial entry but in the end was granted access to park and was on my merry way after a serious pucker moment...

There were three of us in a packed Subaru Forester. I was driving. When you are entering the vehicle search/parking entry area you are sent into different lines to file in. It was pretty disorganized. We were in the line closest to the police/staff staging area (farthest left if looking from the paved road). Once we got close to the search area, a K9 walked around our car. Low and behold the dog sits down next to the gas cap. They asked us if we had anything illegal in the vehicle. We said no. They said, "come clean now, we'll take your stuff and grant amnesty and entry to the festival." We stuck to our guns and said we were clean. We were all incredibly compliant and polite during the entire interaction with the security/local police. I even took my sunglasses off to show that I wasn't blitzed and could look them in the eye during discussion.

They pulled us ahead and out of line and had two dogs and officers go through the car while we watched from a 'safe' distance. They didn't find anything (nothing illegal was stashed in the car) and we were allowed to enter. The GOOCH saves the day again! Safe to say I will avoid the line closest to the police staging area this year. It was definitely the slowest moving and from what I could tell, and our experience, the most heavily searched. My buddies were in a line much farther to the right and were asked to step out of the vehicle, the security guy verified they were under the allowable beer/alcohol limit, step back in and then granted entry. No dogs sniffing the perimeter of the vehicle or anything. 
The one 'case of beer' statement is pretty ambiguous... a 30 rack is technically a case, right? I brought an 18 pack last year and was fine. 

Here's how it's stated on the website: 

ALCOHOL RESTRICTIONS - 1 case of beer, 1 box of wine OR 1 liter of liquor per person
Looks wiiiiiiide.

Zero teasers from Mysteryland this year... Can't wait to see it in 2 days! 
Huh, I guess it's just phone to phone as I've been using Textra as my messaging app for the past 4 months with zero issues. My battery life is still right around 3.5 hours SOT over 16 hours off the charger with a mix of WiFi and decent LTE signal. 

The only time I notice significant phone temps is when I'm streaming YouTube over data or using Chrome for an extended period of time. Gsam shows 110-112F peak during those scenarios. 
I second this regarding checking the bolts. I had a tiny bit of play in my headset after the first 5 or so rides. I've since checked all the bolts ensuring they're still properly torqued, took out some shifter cable play and lubed the chain. 
This! For $35 I bought a pair of [Nashbar](http://www.nashbar.com/bikes/Product_10053_10052_527383_-1___) MTB shorts that came with a removable chamois liner. Couldn't be happier with them. Granted, my ass was sore simply from a lack of riding when the season started but man does the chamois help. Plus, the crotch of the outer shell is all stretch material so no chance of blowing it out. I've got 10 rides in em so far and they've exceeded my expectations for sure. 
Good to know. Thanks for the heads up!
Yeah I definitely need to work on it. This is my first ever FS and I can't seem to get the standing climb rhythm down without excessive bob which kills all of my momentum. Also, I seem to lose rear traction if I'm on loose terrain. I've been messing around with tire pressure and it seems to have helped some when I was out last weekend. But most of the time, at the top of a steep climb when I'm running out of gas in the saddle I'll stand up and try to dig it out but it almost always results me in breaking traction and having to stop and get off the bike. 

On my roadie, I could stand and climb over long, steep stretches without issue. I guess I just need to continue to work on not pedal mashing like crazy when I get out of the saddle during climbs on my MTB. 
I too have past road biking experience and it's certainly bled over into my mountain biking. I almost always climb in the saddle. Rear tire traction goes out the window as soon as I stand and I lose my pedaling rhythm/cadence as well. On flats/fire roads I pedal from the saddle as well 90% of the time. The occasional sprint at the end of a ride to get a final leg burn will obviously have me out of the saddle. And of course, all descents are out of the saddle as well. 
Ah that makes sense. They make the straps in all different colors so you don't necessarily need to get the fluorescent yellow I linked to. 

When I was younger I used to roll up my jeans/pants on my right leg to about mid-shin and that would eliminate the ripping as well... it's free, too.
Try using an ankle strap like [this](http://www.amazon.com/Bicycle-Reflective-Velcro-Ankle-Outdoor/dp/B00XVRFIHE/ref=sr_1_2?s=sporting-goods&ie=UTF8&qid=1462290936&sr=1-2&keywords=biking+ankle+strap). Or, wear shorts! 
Yeah I thought the same thing when I read the article's description. Works great with the RockShox fork and shock on my Kona but hardly works with 'every shock out there.' 

It is really convenient to have an all in one pump though. High Pressure switch for the fork and shock and a High Volume switch for the tires. Works great!

I've been using Wasabi Power batteries in my Hero 3 for a few years now with no issues. 

[Here's](http://www.amazon.com/Wasabi-Power-Battery-AHDBT-401-AHBBP-401/dp/B00OAAUZO2/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1462287738&sr=8-1&keywords=wasabi+battery+go+pro+hero+4) the link for the ones for the Hero 4. 
That's a nice looking multi tool. I'm in desperate need of one so I can stop carrying around a bunch of loose, full size metic allens haha. 

Found [this one](http://www.pricepoint.com/Brand/Topeak/Topeak-Alien-II-26-Function-Multi-Tool.axd?gclid=Cj0KEQjwmKG5BRDv4YaE5t6oqf0BEiQAwqDNfBkER90TOH8d8JwwGNiD7jF1YOst8M_DJNPRC5QpMVsaAgEA8P8HAQ) on Price Point for $20. Seems like a steal! 
Yeah, it looks like they listed the MSRP for everything... bound to be a bit higher than what you can find online/locally. 

I don't know much about Suntour forks but I believe the Raidon on that Fuse is a decently reviewed airfork. I've seen it recommended on here when people bring up the Suntour upgrade program.
I've got the Cannondale Airspeed Dually pump. Works great and fits easily in my small Camelbak pack. I paid $40 for it at a LBS... The $55 listed on Cannondale's site seems steep.
I second this case. Had one on my 2013 X and have one on my 2015 Pure. Not overly bulky but solid protection and the frosted back is a nice touch. 

I'm also running a Plesson tempered glass screen protector. Cheap, easy to install and almost zero haloing. I've had both on the phone since November and it's taken a few spills without any issue. 
Nice article! I'll definitely be sharing this with my fiance. I'm just getting back into biking myself after a 5+ year hiatus. I jumped right back in and picked up a solid entry-level FS right out of the gate as I knew I would be riding a lot and already have a passion for the sport. 

My fiance on the other hand, hasn't ridden since grade school and never rode more than some dirt paths and sidewalks. She has an old Trek 820 that we dug out of storage just to see if she wanted to ride at all. The frame size is tiny, 13" I believe (she's 5' 4") and the front fork is completely seized. We took one ride on some local singletrack, nothing overly technical, but a fair share of roots and rocks (as is typical almost anywhere in the Northeast) and she had a miserable time. Not only was the bike way too small for her which forced her to run a super high seat height leading to a constant over-the-bars-oh-shit feeling, she was getting bounced all over the place (seized fork) and constantly dropping chain. Needless to say... not a good first outing together. 

Even though she had a really rough first go on her old bike she was almost immediately into the idea of trying to find a proper fitting bike in good working order and giving it another shot. We found a used Marin Bobcat hardtail for sale on Craigslist with a 15" frame in great shape for $350. The fit is pretty much perfect and even though it has a low end Suntour fork it actually works! Well low and behold we went out last weekend to some even more varied singletrack and she was smiling ear to ear the entire time! We ended up riding for almost 3 straight hours. She even took a good spill at the end of the day when her front tire washed out on some loose rock and she still was still talking about how much fun she had hours after. 

TL;DR - As you mentioned in your article, properly fitting gear makes a HUGE difference. Also, having gear/components that actually function well helps too. My fiance is now chomping at the bit to get out and ride as much as possible. 
I've never heard Joey used for biking/cycling but it's definitely used a lot in the skiing/snowboarding world. That and Jerry's. 

Who thinks these things up, I'll never know. 
I thought this as well when I first read the post... I was like how the hell??? 

But, it's mentioned below in a reply to u/lourider that this was done on a road bike. 
With the 25% off discount it's a pretty decent price for what you get. Cheap enough where if she doesn't like the sport you can sell it on Craigslist or something without being out a bunch of money. 

As others have mentioned though, check out Craigslist first to see what's available used in your area. I picked up a 2013 Marin Bobcat Trail for my fiance for $350. She got out on it last weekend and absolutely loved it. Granted it's a few years old and has 26" wheels but I believe it was around $850 new. 
It's been seent.

https://www.reddit.com/r/MTB/comments/4gi3kx/barbed_wire_stretched_neck_height_across_wicklow/
Hey great bike choice... I absolutely love my Precept 130! I picked up a set of [Wellgo B132 platforms](http://www.pricepoint.com/Brand/Wellgo/Wellgo-B132-Platform-Pedals.axd) and they've been great. They're lower profile than the MG-1's and the sealed bearing is super smooth. Great grip with my Patagonia flat bottom shoes so I imagine they'll be even better with 5.10 Freeriders. 

I'm running some full fingered Shimano gloves. Fox Dirtpaws look really solid as well. I've heard nothing but good things about the Bell Super 2/2R helmets but like u/redbeardonabike mentioned it's all about personal fit. Go to your LBS and try on a bunch of different helmets and see what fits you best. 

Edit - link fixed
Absolute TITS!!! 

Mind sharing the spec list?? 
I've got a tried and true method. It's simple, really. 

- Step 1 - Purchase a phone with more than 16 GB of internal storage. 

- Step 2 - Done.

But in all seriousness, u/locool676 has pretty much outlined the best methods for freeing up space. 
Of the bikes you listed I've only ridden the Giant Stance 27.5 1 and the Kona Precept 130 (which I now own). I test rode both at LBS and the Kona just felt better to me. I've got a shorter inseam and longer torso and the Kona definitely fit my body better. As others have mentioned, at this price point you should be more focused on the frame and geo as the components will inevitably be a bit lower end. I'm already looking to ditch the 3x9 setup on the Kona for a 1x11 (once Shimano's SLX is released).

I've got 60ish miles on the Kona now and couldn't be happier. It's well exceeded my expectations for a 'entry-level' FS. Granted, it's my first FS and first new MTB since a Gary Fisher Tassajara so anything for me would have been a huge step up. 

I feel that the Precept frame is absolutely worthy of future upgrades. I also wanted more travel than the Stance offered which was the final tipping point in my decision. I mainly ride rocky/rooted singletrack but I wanted the ability to do some AM stuff down the road. 100mm rear/120mm fork on the Stance compared to 130mm rear/140mm fork on the Precept.
Haha that was actually pretty awesome!

Once the SLX 1x11 groupset is released I'll be dropping my current 3x9. 
The Fells is the closest riding spot for me. The reservoir trail (orange blazes) loops the entire west side of the reservation and it's a solid mix of singletrack and fire roads. Nothing overly technical but definitely some fun sections. The only downside to the Fells is tons of walkers/hikers, especially on the weekends. 

Landlocked Forest in Burlington is almost all singletrack aside from the access road under the power lines. Very well maintained with lots of bridges. Some flowier sections there. I usually loop the yellow trail. 

I rode Cutler Park in Needham/Newton this past weekend and found some good stuff in there as well. A few spots on the Blue Heron trail were flooded with a broken bridge but otherwise it was fun riding once I got off the main trail. 

Check out NEMBA's website for directions to parking areas and trail descriptions. I use the Trailforks phone app and it's good as well. 
That's what I was hoping to hear! Definitely going to schedule a trip up in the near future. VT is such a great state. I have a lot of friends that live in the Bolton/Burlington area and I always have a blast going up to snowboard. Looking forward to doing some biking up there!

I've been exploring riding areas all around the greater Boston area this spring and I've found some solid stuff so far. I've been pleasantly surprised at the amount of trails within a ~30 minute drive of the city. The only issue is that on a nice weekend there are TONS of walkers out and it's hard to get into a rhythm. Even on my midweek, post work rides I can't seem to go more than 2-5 minutes without coming upon a walker. I guess that's just how it goes living just outside of a major metropolitan area haha. 
Thanks for the recommendations! Killington/Pittsfield/Ascutney are all roughly 2-2.5 hour drive for me. Definitely doable even for a day trip. How much traffic do those trails see on the weekends? 
Seems like spring has finally arrived here in the northeast! I officially retired the snowboarding gear for the season. 

I'm looking to get up to VT in May to do some riding... dying to check out the Kingdom Trails. Didn't even think to check out central VT. The Green Mountain Trails look awesome. 
I have this thought every morning on my commute... 
Ha too funny. It's certainly an odd sight if you aren't familiar with the Lefty. 
Dude you're missing the right half of your fork! 





I'm all over the map and it highly depends on my current mood but almost always either future funk style edm (Griz, Gramatik, Manic Focus, Big Gigantic and the like) or some metal (Gojira, Testament, Death, etc).

Already feeling the future funk for today's post work ride. Only a few more hours here... 
Well, I now know what I'll be upgrading to when my stock Acera/Deore components break. Pricing doesn't look all that bad. 
The links you posted are live.

EDIT - [Pinkbike's first ride](http://www.pinkbike.com/news/norco-optic-first-ride.html)
Same thing is happening to mine. I've had my bike for just over a month and taken the front wheel off maybe a 8 times. I do my best to not over tighten it yet somehow it's still bent.
This looks great. Thanks for the link! Definitely going to be ordering one. 

Sharp looking Capra you've got there, too! 
I agree with all of your points here. Battery life is my biggest gripe as well. Aside from battery life and the occasional frame drop it's been a fantastic phone. 

I try to take phone leaks with a grain of salt but if my memory serves me correctly the past Moto X leaks were pretty much spot on. If that's the case again with the 2016 leaks that have been circulating then I fear this will be my last Moto device. The design and form factor are really what make the Moto X line special in my mind. Like OP mentioned, the screen to phone size ratio and the curved back make for a very manageable phone despite it's large footprint.

Laslty, customer service seems to have taken a complete nosedive now that Lenovo is at the helm. I had to RMA my 2013 Moto X and it was arguably one of the most positive customer service interactions I've ever had with a tech company. I received a replacement phone in about a week without a hitch. 

We'll see what 2016 brings but so far my expectations are incredibly low and I'm already banking on a Nexus device to fill the void that will most likely be created by the new Moto.  
Congrats! I've had my Precept 130 for about a month now. It's an awesome bike. Night and day from my old Gary Fisher hardtail. It has certainly pushed me to ride as much as physically possible... Get out there and enjoy it! 
There's a surprising amount of riding within ~30 minutes of Boston. I live roughly 20 minutes due north of the city and can ride from my house to a pretty decent sized area, [Middlesex Fells Reservation](http://www.nemba.org/trails/massachusetts/middlesex-fells-reservation). Nothing super challenging and pretty minimal elevation change but some techy areas with rocks/roots that certainly allow me to challenge myself and push my skills. 

If I drive farther up the north shore in MA there's some solid singletrack areas. A drive to NH or VT (anywhere from 1-4 hours depending on how north you go) for the steeper, more vast terrain and trails. 
Thanks for the reply! I try to stay off the granny gear to help build my climbing/leg endurance. I think I'll go 34T as I'm still not in great riding shape. I've yet to drop a chain on my Precept surprisingly and I've been through some pretty long root sections and some rough ass rock gardens. 

As far as the 2x9 conversion goes... did you just install the NW ring & bash guard on the stock crankset then adjust the limit on the FD and that's that?
Got out on some local trails just north of Boston yesterday. Still some mud in the lower lying areas but aside from those spot areas everything was in pretty good shape! Did just under 10 miles... nothing too crazy. Lots of people out on the trails... soooo many dogs! More rain today and tomorrow but at least the temps are starting to stay warmer more consistently. 
This! Majority of the users on my local trails are hikers/runners/walkers and I make a point to say hi to everyone. There's an unfortunate stigma against mountain bikers... I feel by slowing down, saying hello and then continuing on my way that I'm helping to change that.
Awesome Precept build! Are you running 2x9 with the NW chainring? That's next up on my list... I have only used the 44T granny ring once since owning the bike so I feel like dropping to a 32T or 34T NW will still allow me to climb just fine. 
Here's my [2016 Kona Precept 130](http://imgur.com/odZsXuQ). So far I've added some Wellgo B132 platform pedals. First FS for me and man is this bike fun. About 40 miles on er so far. 2x9 is next up on the upgrade list.
No problem! Give er a look... this bike looks pretty damn awesome!
Did you scroll down a bit and click the "Buy Now" link? Once you do that it brings you to page with all of the variants/builds. Click the build you want info on once you get to that page and everything you're looking for is listed there. Kit, geo specs, sizes, etc. 

You can also go to their main site and get to them via the Products tab - http://us.yt-industries.com/
Mine is anywhere from 15-25%/hour with the screen on. Depends on what I'm doing on the phone. Something CPU intensive will push it closer to 25%/hour. By no means great... battery life is my only gripe with this phone. It's been stellar otherwise. 
Yeah that would be my only concern as well. I have pretty massive thighs (15+ years of ice hockey and many years road cycling will do that hehe) and I don't know if I'd trust a pad without some sort of strap. I'm sure the silicon does a good job of sticking as is mentioned in the reviews but I don't see how the elastic won't wear out/stretch over time. 
I don't have first hand experience with either of these but Bike Mag reviewed both pairs... 

[Dakine](http://www.bikemag.com/gear/apparel/pads/tested-dakine-slayer-knee-pads/#GqPBjKF6MS2GuLxp.97)

[Alpinestars](http://www.bikemag.com/gear/alpinestars-paragon-knee-guard-review/#RquhA8TP4jrvoIx1.97)

Looks like the Paragon's may be last years model. Like /u/pablosnazzy mentioned, definitely try them on if you can find them at a LBS. 

I've been using the included Turbocharger almost every night since I purchased the phone in November. I haven't noticed any degradation of battery life. It does warm up some during charging... according to Gsam it peaks at roughly 102*F once the battery level reaches ~75% before it drops back down rapidly as the phone charges from 75%-100%. I try to not use the phone while it's Turbocharing as that's when I've really had it heat up, as high as 112+ F. 

I use a 3rd party Quick Charge 2.0 charger in the car without issue as well.
Here's how mine looks http://imgur.com/r8TNZ8L

I do not have my SD card set as internal storage so that's probably why the option is present in my camera app and not in yours. 
Yep, I've got the same option in my camera app. I've got all of my photos/movies saving to the card as well as backing up on Google Photos. Offline Spotify tracks save to the card as well. I've yet to try merging the card with internal storage. 
Nice that's not bad at all. I'll talk with the guys at my LBS and see what they say about doing the conversion for me. 

Thanks for the input!
I'm in the process of getting back into riding shape as well. I've mainly been doing body weight stuff with a big focus on my core. Obviously doing leg exercises as well. Here's my current routine for days I'm not on the bike:

- Run: 2 mile loop, pacing at 9-10 min/miles
- Push ups: 20 reps
- Jump squats: 20 reps
- Flat plank with alt leg lifts: 1 minute
- Wall sit: 1 minute
- Lunges: 20 reps (10/leg)
- Tricep dips: 20 reps
- Pleas: 20 reps
- Bicycle crunches: 1 minute
- Flutter kicks: 1 minute
- Side planks: 1 min/side
- Calf raises (on a step): 1 minute

I do all of the above, aside from the run, 3 times over. The circuit takes me roughly 45 minutes with essentially zero rests. I'm trying to lose some fat as well hence why I keep it moving the entire time. You could incorporate some more weighted exercise if you're really trying to build muscle. I tailored this workout to my work schedule which requires a decent amount of travel. I can do this pretty much anywhere (i.e. hotel room). 

I've been doing yoga to finish for ~10-15 minutes, a bunch of different stretch poses, and it's amazing to see how much flexibility I've gained in just 2 months. I can lay my hands flat on the floor when I could barely touch my toes before! Also, soreness is really minimal the day after riding now. As others have mentioned, stretching is so key. 
