I like how they have us nothing after last season for completing every challenge ðŸ˜­
Idk. Gbay99 did it
Hit lvl 70 and do all weekly challenges + daily challenges. Pretty sure that's all you need
It's pree cool imo
They just don't want to say it's a released game because they know how broken and buggy the game is
Wtf wasn't last week's challenge search chests in haunted hills?
It's so ass. When I get it as my first gun and someone comes up on me I spray them down but they 1 shot me with a tac shotty in my feet
A kid (Orange shirt kid as he is referred to) made a <hashtag> boogiedownchallenge dance, and didn't win. Everyone memed that he should've won so they did this. It still isn't his dance though, they messed it up
I feel like they had that dance from Roy purdy but just renamed it to make us happy. That isn't the orange shirt kid's dance FACT
Really? I'm pretty sure even if you didn't know something was illegal, you can't defend yourself with "I didn't know it was illegal." But I'm not a lawyer so what do I know Â¯\\\_(ãƒ„)\_/Â¯
Depends on the update you're running
Should've been 45 because he killed all 4 of those kids at the end
My friend is enough proof of that
Agreed but it seems you have a problem with the word 'simply' lol
I SAVED UP 1000 VBUCKS THIS SEASON TO GET THE NEXT BATTLE PASS BUT THEN THEY RELEASED THE SQUAT KICK SO NOW I HAVE TO BUY S4 BP WITH REAL MONEY AGAIN
I really hope season 5 is greek/roman mythology. That would be so cool. I imagine tier 100 being Hades with fiery dark wings
Wish I could post a pic of my ps4 and get 19k upvotes + gold
That nail is really off-putting
No console either?

Why are people like this
No, because it is much more defined. If you compare it to the quality loss on the llama, you'll see.
Using a mouse on your phone for... Discord?
These scrubs think it's an occasion but this is literally me every day
This john wick does not represent us. We have since disowned him.

-Committee of John Wicks
haHAA but I can
Greek/Roman mythology next PLEASE
If there wasn't bloom in the game I'd die a lot less
Just like playing hardpoint in COD
Can we get a follow up??? Like did you message him saying not to worry or something? UGH PLEASE
I think you're about to get hired by Epic
It's not optimized and feels really weird. I'd be surprised if a lot of people normally play with it
Most of these, to me, seem like the person themself/doctors just brush off the symptoms, I've only seen a few where they were concerned about the cost.
Zeus tier 70 and Hades tier 100 would be perfect
They didn't even release the snoop emote on 4/20...
Yeah I can't believe it myself
Large if factual
Someone else on this subreddit that uses Sync... Hmmm a rare sight indeed
I just caught a ditto yesterday, and I don't even have the challenge yet ðŸ˜¥
I've always turned off data whenever I'm not using my phone or I'm on wifi, it's common sense. Just never use mobile data unless you have to.
Damn, I took screenshots of this like 2 or 3 weeks ago and completely forgot! Anyway, here's mine:

[one](https://i.imgur.com/XuMTN2w.jpg)

[two](https://i.imgur.com/lhbESsi.jpg)
Ah, I see what you mean.
Why would you reveal this
>can read at a 12th grade level in 4th grade

>becomes illiterate

???
I was tier 68/70 last season, so I didn't even get black knight... I don't think I'd consider it old school, though
Yeah like the ground for under the tiles in West side of tilted
A lot of people who juul/vape do that. That's like the go to for them
I've only done it for my first win back in january (4 days after I started playing, was very proud) but I actually know people who still post and they get like 1 kill like we know you got carried
dont remind them!!
yeah but they could get spammed and shit
It has been suggested, multiple times, but they've never implemented it
Yeah I do this but it's not an unconscious decision to do it
There should be a giant ass tunnel behind Lonely Lodge's waterfall all the way to Loot Lake's
lol who tf uses their PSN as a watermark
Square up
Was and has been snowing here for the past week here in NY. I hate this state sometimes
For me I'll just be running in the middle of no where and get caught by two squads
It disappoints me that theres always that one kid that ruins it for the rest
Why do they have to ruin everything that was fine before
When the game was released I thought it was going to be like the games where you have a party of 6 and you can capture or battle wild Pokemon and other people, but I guess not haha.
How do you play/enjoy this game on 200 ping
I've seen many of the videos too, and most of them are when the dude is wearing a uniform to buy something with a military/veteran discount, then gets called out by the camera guy who says "HOW DARE YOU WEAR THAT UNIFORM, I WORE THAT AND I'VE HAD FRIENDS DIE IN THAT UNIFORM"
/r/murderedbywords
Sync > any other reddit app
Comments supporting pubgm, gets downvoted

Reply supports pubgm, gets upvoted.

Yeah, I hate this site too.
7
Fawkes the phoenix
Videos like these are the best thing about this subreddit
I knew something was up, that house always guarenteed me 2 or 3 chests
Get John Wick skin
Thank God I revisited my account last year then, didn't even know this was a thing.
This is the most beautiful thing I've ever seen.
Here ^comes

#THE CRIMSON CHIN
I really don't know how they messed this up tbh
I only hop on once a day to get my daily challenge done because I get bullshitted every single match so id rather just not play to the point of raging
Anyone else not see the cam until he stood up at the end? Or is that just me?
It's at least from 2011
For almost all of middle school and high school I walked home (it's only a mile but still)
Yess
#b o n n e r s
Why would you remove him tho
What do you mean by maps? Sorry, I just started playing again, last time I played was the release month back in July 2016
Was hoping for something cool and rustic... Disappointed
Obviously it's wailing woods, where else would it be?
...no google account?
haha lonely and depressed as well
I like how you instantly died to the splash damage, but I have 2 clips of people straight EATING rockets
Skin customization. Not weapon skins, we don't even have those (yet?).
So when they come to this subreddit to steal content and ideas, will they see this or just ignore it?
I hate when some bs like this happens and then the kid who killed you starts dancing like he's good
I looked someone directly in the face, pulled the trigger on my pump, but instead it froze and killed me instead.
If PS4: make a party and adjust chat audio bar to the left so you can still fully hear the game, but now that you're in a party you don't have to hear them/talk to them

Other than that, just take out your mic/mute your mic or mute chat audio. I wish you could mute people but as it stands you can't.
How do you even communicate for this to happen
I can still remember the areas that used to be there before tilted, shifty, snobby, haunted. Good times just chilling out running on the edge of the map looting those houses with the shed/garage
Except real albinos have a painful time seeing... well anything
Seeing that your whiscash is 15kg (it is also tagged by the game as Extra Small) compared to the other two 58kg and 59kg, I think it's scaled correctly. There are different sizes within the same species, ever seen the show?
I just want to let everyone know to save their murkrow candies for gen 4
I'm impressed the cartridge's battery didn't run dry
bitch
wait unblock me i need to tell you something
Don't you love picking this up, shooting someone in the chest, only for it to do 50 dmg to shield? Love it
Why is there so much useless water? Are they planning something? ðŸ¤”
Fr like why
Yesyesyesyesyes
Username is fitting.
I know, that's why we tried sending him a screenshot of the win but he had his messages privated, hence why I posted this.
Why does bloom even exist? The real questions here
I'll shoot someone for like 50 damage with a blue pump with 100% accuracy point blank range and they'll just 1 shot me with a white tac shotty
They also give higher-ping'd McDonald's wifi lookin ass people the advantage compared to people who spend more money to get better internet. I can think of so many times where I died by someone just lagging out so badly but they still get the kill because they'll go through a fuckin door or some shit. Pisses me off
I go to a public school and we have this entire week off... lol
F
Exactly my thought as well haha
I haven't been able to play since Wednesday.
Wtf
We need a plague doctor asap
I don't like it because everything should be uniform. What Samsung/Pixel 2XL is doing now is perfect, they have no notches, just the small top and bottom bezels.
Since they only know about these because of this subreddit, do they just ignore all the posts that shit on them?
hmmm
Wow, I never thought that post from r/teenagers yesterday could be a meme format. Genius!

https://www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/comments/8860a0
They should change the tac shotties back. As soon as they made white tac a thing i instantly said "THAT'S DISGUSTING." There's something off about it 

It really doesn't look right
Do you not have any games? Watch YouTube? Any other social media?
/r/mildlyinfuriating how you didn't clean the sink before taking the picture
Gotta make sure he got that screenshot
It's funny cuz he doesn't even play ps4
Fix: random freezing. The game still runs and everything, but my character randomly freezes and I can't move forward or do anything besides look around. And now in the loading screen when returning to lobby, the game freezes sometimes as well.
If you need to keyboard on a mobile game you're probably traaaash
He's the base male character. I'm pretty sure the base female is the white brunette.
I think that's called dyslexia
This is like that shit with the kid who saves a girl from getting bullied, then they fall in love, have a kid, then the original kid (now dad) goes to the military and dies or some shit I forgot but it's really sad like this
#MAXIMUM GLOW
Supposed to deep fry it not pixelate it .-.
Didn't move like a bot. Bots just stand there and shit. This guy drove around and got out of his car, started moving side to side too
That's the spirit
It's coming out later this year, right? Idk. I've always been interested but my computer is shite for gaming so I'm waiting for mobile.
Yeah... But it's a new dance
I hate when people just don't give up and constantly shoot at you for minutes at a time
I thought that was what was going to happen
Remember that guy who dropped in shifty, and started quickscoping like 3 people? Yeah I saw that yesterday on Instagram and it has 200k+ views, and they put their own stupid ass stamp over it to watermark something they don't even own.
Depends on the phone you're using and the settings
Just saying but absolutely NO mobile game is worth $60. The highest I'd say for any mobile game is like $5 or $6.
It's called rooting, where you can literally do anything you want.
[First match of pubg I ever played.](https://i.imgur.com/kAijqie.jpg) (this is also on release day) I downloaded it because I thought it would be a nice substitute to fortnite since fortnite mobile isn't on Android yet, which I don't think I'll play much of anyway.

Edit: ok so apparently your first game is just infected with boots, that's fair. But since I've been climbing up the ranks I still do really well. I have won with my squad once or twice I think, (and yes it was against real people haha)

Edit 2: [won solo squads](https://i.imgur.com/0v7WVeH.jpg)
There is on Android, even if the game doesn't support it. But that's android. You could probably jailbreak your iPhone to use a controller but idk.
Well he doesn't because this is a stolen post.
FIRST TRYYYYYYYYYY
I can hear this gif
Probably because there's 3 of them and they all promote Spotify premium
You gave a bunny... To cats...
I was going there either way
Sorry but we've told them this a thousand times and they still don't respond or actually do it.
I know how to write cursive but I haven't used it since 4th grade (when I learned it)
Yeah but these accounts are run by idiots who usually don't own Photoshop and don't know how to do that
This subreddit is about the game, not life itself
I've grown up with my cat (he's 15, I'm 18) and he just sits there like he doesn't understand me at all.
I love this haha
Is it at 2:41 AM on a Sunday night?
My friends and I have never experienced lag like this (we all have regular PS4s besides my one friend). We've experienced hiccups (especially when getting out of the bus) but never lagging to where we don't know where we landed.
Sometimes I accidentally leave out of habit from solos but I don't leave the lobby
Should send him the link to this to make him more salty
I think he meant it doesn't happen like this. It's not as bad as xbox's problem
"did I hit something? Oh well"
Yeah true but still... like I'm pretty sure everyone has a set of earbuds or something.
They always die first and disconnect immediately. I really don't understand why people go solo w/fill in squads and just go away from the 3 other people. The only thing I've heard is that some people try to get their top 12 squads challenge done, but most of the time the randos just drop and play normally, sooo
I cannot relate because in no way did I get a 1590 SAT
Probably a thing from the school itself. My school has a series on YouTube of a school shooting simulation
If I don't know it by the end of class then I don't know it.
Are you blind?
I love this so much.
Yet I can't shoot a shotgun through a wide open window.
It's such a bandwagon. Why is everyone saying this so recently? Why not when it came out? Exactly
I'm sorry im not bashing you or anything but why do a surprising amount of people not know this? It's a button on your controller ffs
Can't he sue the school or something...? Pretty sure that's illegal
Practice landing in populated areas and killing people. Landing off and random quiet places is not the way to go when you are new to the game.
But don't you think they should account for that? With all these bugs they're treating this game as if only 10 people play it. I understand it's hard or whatever but with every update they break something else that was working fine before, which I don't think I've ever seen in other games before.
You cannot legitimately have it without buying tiers yet
This went on for longer than I thought, even though I'm pretty sure I've (sadly) seen all of these
You mean getting ready for a normal day?
If only it was real ;/
Not relatable unless I'm mowing the lawn
I just want the volkssturmgewehr. That's the one I missed out on from resistance (fortnite...)
I thought his channel died like 2 years ago?
I think you're just the best with or without editing
DROP THE BAN HAMMER!! We demand justice!!
Idk why bloom is even a mechanic in the first place. If you ask me, it makes no sense
I've always loved the plague doctor outfit. People say they would buy concept skins instantly, but this I actually would insta buy
This game is mostly bullshit and luck, and sometimes both of those.
I need the answer
Im glad they're ignoring and forgetting sbmm.
I love what you're doing but as someone who used to give my designs away for free, when I was younger, this is how you get taken advantage of. Just don't let it happen to you.
Why did you think this was a good idea
I don't think they're shitty per se, but they're overused just like the homemade shield potions
Why does that post not have as much recognition as the other skin ideas? ðŸ¤”
Ngl, I'm disappointed that this didn't end with "now we've been married for <x> years"
1mil vbucks
It's the fact that he wasn't paying attention makes it so much better you can tell how shite he is
Everytime I land at snobby the circle is always so far away and I don't have enough time to loot the entire place
1. It'll probably look like SHITE and

2. Probably gonna take up a ton of data (if using data and not on wifi, like at school or in the car or something).
Can't tell if she's in 2018 or 2011 rawr xd phase
I'm pretty sure like no one in my school knows what 9gag is anyway so we good
From /u/davidvonderhaar:

"There is no blacklist. Only parties and team balancing. When this happens to you, it's because of who is available to play against at that time. Lots of solo players who aren't good and then you.

The only true way around it is to party up.

-V"

This system is complete SHITE for a solo player (I usually play solo), and can say that with 100% certainty from my experience of grinding through all the triple plays and gram slam(s), and playing in general.
I love when I point blank people with the rpg and it does 0 damage to them but when someone shoots me and it hits like 20 feet away it still 1 shots me
I really do hate the match making system in this game. It's literally you and 5 other scrubs against 6 other people at your level. I have no idea why they did that.
Now i want a plague doctor skin. 
Found two people doing this so we tried to help but they ended up trying to fight us instead :(
HOLY...
Ah, so you're my next-door neighbor
I posted this yesterday and said it happens all the time in combat and I got downvoted instead.
Not gonna lie...

I thought I was the only one. These are my exact times, too...
100% feel
Don't you love when you headshot someone at point blank range with the pump and it does 8 damage but when someone does it to you with a tac shotty you get one shotted even tho you had 100/100
It's Gnar from League of Legends. One of his skins is dino gnar
It's not frame dropping for me, it's just glitching forward. Definitely not my connection, either. It's server lag 100%
Or COD on PS3.

So. Many. Mexicans. Worst part? They were all tryhards
Yeah probably
Or that he did this in a neighborhood instead of like rural area or something
is this frame dropping though? This seems more like server lag. It happens to me sometimes (PS4) where I just randomly glitch forward. Happens to my friends sometimes, too.
I absolutely hate this quest. I got all the other ones done yesterday, but this one is stupid af. Every time I've landed in wailing, only one or no chests spawn.

Do you think epic play tests their game? Because I don't.
#I AM THE ONE WHO KNOCKS
((questioning sexuality))
Tila Tequila
"Flat Earth and **Globe** Discussion" .....
The john wick skin is underwhelming for the final tier (100 especially), but it's still cool af
Did you not watch the video lol
I was actually thinking about this yesterday. Instead of every death, every time you rage (which can be more than the amount of times you die!), do a set of an exercise.
Yes. You will get any prime loot as long as your PSN is connected to your twitch prime account
THIS MAN CANNOT BE STOPPED


TILTED TOWER TYRANT
I have so many clips of the inconsistencies that I was thinking about making a montage of em. I just have the worst luck.
I'm still not sure how/why they haven't fixed it, but yes it happens to everyone I'm pretty sure.
I haven't experienced it until last night. I was doing good, and went from pleasant all the way to tilted, and as I was about to enter tilted, the game just randomly crashed. Nothing eventful happened in game, no 10 rpgs at once, it just crashed.

PS4.
Need new friends if they don't care about this!
Whenever I get a gold scar in the early game it's just destiny that I die by some bs
Yeah but now you can barely hear it in the game
I don't even see 20 people in a single game. Insane!!
4 hours?

that's nothing

(send help)
Omg I remember going to norsk to talk with people in master/champs lmaoo
Oh. Whenever my friend gets the chance to talk to randoms he just yells profanity and tries to get them to say it as well... Not all are like that though <3
Yeah I barely understand anything in this one
The "last online" part is the heavy hitter
what if they see this post tho
The quality of this picture says otherwise.
**Explanation**: I didn't encounter this bug before, but now when I need building the most, it doesn't work.

**Evidence**: [video here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MvoYTQF390E)

**If replicable, how**: Not sure, sometimes building just doesn't build.

**Platform**: PS4

EDIT: getting shot through my buildings, like when I build a wooden wall, their bullet still goes through. Has happened to me once (or more) every game so far.
I'm rocking that skin on the right for sure
Probably gonna be how the Scar is to the M16. Let's just hope the gold rarity of this deagle is a golden deagle!
Doesn't matter if you have crosshairs or not when bloom is a shitty mechanic that still exists
>a l e c t r i c a l
u just like them towers

t i l t e d
Why are you still arguing lmao. You're the biggest hypocrite I've ever seen. 

My original comment saying "...couple of WEEKS?" I don't think that was an asshole comment at all. I found it unreasonable that he didn't learn from his mistakes, but he told me the reason why. I never told him he was shit or was condescending at all.

Also, I am not an asshole. Sometimes you have to be mean to learn. I am done with this, I hope you have a good day, and I'm sorry that whatever made you mad at me hopefully you won't take out on others, I would hate for you to embarrass yourself in front of others.

Edit: also I did not try to make myself look better. You said I tried to get a win yesterday and didn't but I clearly did. That was the purpose of me saying I won solo in duos.
What are you talking about? I was by myself in the duos gamemode (my friend died within less than a minute of landing).

>you clearly didnâ€™t win anything in elementary English 

You're still talking shit. And maybe YOU didn't "win" anything in elementary English. Example:

soÂ·lo
ËˆsÅlÅ
noun
1.
a thing done by one person unaccompanied, in particular.
I won solo in duos yesterday (it was my third or fourth game) and then spent time with friends for the rest of the day lol. You really don't know what you're talking about. I'm not talking shit to him, he actually gave me an answer that I found very reasonable, and now YOU are the one talking shit to people over the internet.

Projection.
People get bored because there's nothing else to do because it's vanilla
I'm not projecting my insecurities over the internet... That doesn't even make sense. I'm done with this shit, I hate this site
...couple of WEEKS?
Idk why they keep making unnecessary changes that no one asked for. Like, FIX THE GAME FIRST!!!
Our school blocked it but then we got it unblocked through a school wide petition. Around 400/1000 kids signed (it mightve been more, I was an early sign).
Wow totally haven't seen this 10 other times on this sub
You know this sub went normie when this is marked as NSFW
I mean 2 days play time since the game came out isn't a lot tbh.
[press f](https://i.imgur.com/Dchm7qa.jpg)
I HATE YOU GUYS
or "Rusty Rivalry" ?
Always happens to me when I land at snobby, too.

I think it's cursed.
I still have to run a lot. A lot of times, the circle spawns the furthest place possible from me
If you're on reddit you're probably not doing any bullying.
"if we could spectate our **friend(s)**"
yes yes yes yes
All you have to say is "well I made it to the final two teams by myself while you guys were SHITE and died early on"
It's sad that you got downvoted but then the dude correcting PikachuBlu got upvoted even though he backed up what you said.

Sometimes I really just hate this site. And people.
I never trust people. The shit I see on here where two strangers meet and are friendly never happens to me.
Just keep the game the way it is, instead of trying to break it with every update!
Western NY, we have the best chicken wings and pizza.
Yeah, well you're 13. You'll get there
Then you need to either speak up or don't talk when you're in a loud environment
What does that have to do with being good lol
In BO3, confirmed by /u/davidvonderhaar, 

"There is no blacklist. Only parties and team balancing. When this happens to you, it's because of who is available to play against at that time. Lots of solo players who aren't good and then you.

The only true way around it is to party up.

-V"

In WWII it's a bit different, but if I wanted to play ranked, I'd play ranked. I just want to casually play pubs and go against randoms, not sweaty tryhards every. single. game.
That's ranked bro. I'm talking about pubs. If I wanted to constantly face people who were of equal level, I'd play ranked.
Why do they always get the neck wrong?
>on distribution of skill

Stop trying to break your game!!! Guarenteed this could end fortnite.
Yes, that's why I've been playing more fortnite than cod at the moment. Too much trying, not enough relaxing.
Just look at how SBMM screwed up COD.
They really need to change the hitbox of trees. 
This always happens to me when I go to snobby shores, or anywhere in general.
Loafers will always be one hunnid
Honestly how did people not know about this? I know iOS doesn't get the beta but the beta has been like this for over a month maybe 2.
practice and he has a high sensitivity. High sensitivity is key for this, that's why PC players can build so fast (and key binds, but that's a different story)
SOILED IT
I've gotten kicked out twice so far. And both times I was doing really good... :(
Yeah I hate it when im shooting someone and all the bullets just go AROUND them, like wtf???
Tell them your situation. I'm not sure if your dean or whoever is suspending you is an asshole, but maybe it might help them understand where you're coming from.
I've never called my dad "daddy" nor have I called my mom "mommy." Not when I was 2, not while I ever live. I think it's only acceptable if you're daddy's little princess.
Oh.
Yes because the minority 150 neo nazis in alabama are messing up our entire future.
I've only posted my first win ever and one time where i won twice in a row
No, that would be illegal >:0
Yeah but now he knows you fuck with him
Too young.
I call the phenomenon of developers not taking care of Android, "snapchat-itis"
It's not even that h a r d
Carbonmade has a sort of feed that you can see, of people's works
Why not just download it again from where you got it?
Or add a colorblind filter like almost every other game
Just like how the tactical smg is just a tec 9 with attachments on it
Happens on PS4 but can happen to any chest I'm pretty sure. It's happened to me randomly at random chests around the map.
You can just press start tho
SHG wish they could compete
Because stream sniping is cheating
What about duos/squads? It's already a thing tbh.
Bruh he said friends, not himself...
Very jealous!
How far down did you have to dig to find this ancient meme?
>put 10 bullets...into them
Whenever they put out the update patch notes I saw it and it said it didn't stack and replenishes health and armor fully
Not to be rude but, does anyone read patch notes anymore? It says it in the patch notes.
For me, I walk up behind someone, put 10 bullets of a purple scar into them, they turn around and one shot me with a white pump when I have full health/shield.
By my luck it'd be some random casual that would just blast me instantly
Yeah I also have to press square twice or three times to pick up a weapon or something.
Yeah, well 200+ ms ain't doing you any favors...
If you start to bring up the settings menu where it shows your teammates with the dog tags, if I'm not mistaken, also shows how many eliminations everyone has.
I'm sorry you got downvoted. I thought it was funny
Yeah I still shake like hell when it's down to single digits in survivors
I'm pretty sure a majority of reddit is white people as well, sooo
This is probably the most beautiful thing I've ever seen
Uhhh who the **FUCK** throws puppies into a bag near a creek?!
Anyone know how he died? Suicide? Car accident? Not trying to disrespect, just curious.

RIP.
r/4panelcringe
thanks haha
They have a statement out on the mojang website that they're still reviewing issues from January 4th because of the flood of messages
Thanks, I have contacted them an hour or two ago. 

Millions of dollars... But has so many messages they have to respond to, shouldn't that be telling them something?
No, it says I must migrate to a mojang account on the launcher.
a l l  t h e  o t h e r  k i d s
I totally have not seen this on like 5 different subreddits 100 times each
*3 days
I would've been pissed that it was cancelled, I'm tryna die out here
And better lag compensation for people on shit connections
I don't step on toes because I ain't tryna scuff someone's shoes
You sound like you just turned 15 and think you're so much older than everyone now lmao
#@FORTNITE_MEME
SOMEBODY TOUCHA MY PORRIDGE
Might as well have gone through with it
That's kinda their fault, maybe they should type faster...
I've never cheated on tests but sometimes I look up at the clock to see how much time I have and I think they catch me in either looking up or looking back down and probably think I'm cheating or I'm.just overthinking it ðŸ˜…
I wish I was smackin some booty for free tf
"aw yeah! I came in 98th!"
Im American and I've never heard of this shit
Idk how expensive their other stuff is but their Chelsea boots are $80 which is really cheap for actual suede boots
At least you admit to your mistakes
I was about to say, this isn't what someone should do to their own girlfriend. Maybe ex-girlfriend, but not current girlfriend.
oops yeah I was super tired
I swear this is a photograph
Yes I understand this, but can't he just go to Best buy or some shit and buy it himself?
Just so you know, it is not 1 in 4 girls are raped, that is a false statistic (in the U.S. at least).

Edit: phrasing
I hope the tuck does a segment on this
Charge ya mf phone
Because he's in college and is legally allowed to buy rated M games, but his parents say it's too violent like he's 10 years old or something. That's how it sounds to me at least. I respect my parents one hunnid percent but they couldn't give less of a shit what games I play. I think he's being downvoted because he won't go buy it himself, and is instead asking his parents to buy it, even though he's complaining about it.
I just ignored it cuz it was stupid and I was a responsible 8 year old
TAKEEEEEEEEEAAAAA
I have to double tap square most of the time to pick up an item because it's not immediate. There's nothing wrong with my square button (or my controller) either
What about that one kid who was in 7th grade but went into a coma (forgot how) and lived like 20 years in his coma-dream thing? Anyone got a link for that one? It's really sad but also really interesting at the same time.
Black knight skin is worth it
I saw this waaaaaaay too late
When I shoot people with a purple shotgun at close range: 30 damage off their shield

When someone shoots me with a white shotgun at medium range and I have full shield and health: one shot dead
He's been dead for like 2 years tho
"You're being stabbed right now? How about I ask you where you are instead of immediately tracking your call"
But... That loser was you...?
#purdy
Moon landing and same-sex attraction
Destroyed
You sir, are evil.
On sale for $10/950 V bucks right now (on ps4 at least)
[https://i.imgur.com/5Wltqw2.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/5Wltqw2.jpg)
>On PlayStation
Me but applies to my entire life
Remindme! One day post what happens
Thank you
Too many people on /r/malefashionadvice
But nine-**teen** in **teen**agers
it really do be like dat sometimes ðŸ‘‰ðŸ˜”ðŸ‘‰
>written by a racist

???
Not even language can express it
Is he like 10 years old?

-his name has the word troll in it

-has trollface as avi

-2010 meme in his thumbnail
I grab all the ammo I see
It's funny because YouTube's system is shit
Caring about stop lights > women being arrested for getting raped in the middle east
Small tiddy punk GFs are the new thing for 2018
/r/bettereveryloop
Think about the dude who killed you and would've posted "200 IQ RPG play for the win"
Yeah but way too many people on Reddit can't pick up jokes so they downvote and call you a racist.
This is the most beautiful thing in this game
Fuck that, when people get me shit I protect it a lot
"ahaha oh my Goooood"
I adapted it, if you have any revisions that sound better then feel free to reply to this
Definitely the right thing, he deserves it. My recommendation is to just play solo if you aren't with friends, that's what I do.
Sorry, it was just such perfect copypasta material
https://www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/comments/7nubjj/i_have_a_sexual_attraction_to_ants/
What if they do it on purpose because they know there's people near you to kill you? I say it should be ricochet and if your teammate shoots you, it directly damages them instead of you, or just no damage done to teammates at all.
Or keep it plugged in or charge it when it's on low battery
Never send a message this long to someone.

Especially me...
The reason why people are saying there should be an option in-game is because not everyone who plays fortnite is on PS4
From /u/sweedinmusic 
>There will be a fix improving footsteps this month. Just had to sit on it over holiday break because we haven't had a client update since 12/14/2017. That's why it took so long! We'll have a closer ear on things in the future.
Yeah. I've been dying from people who were like 5 feet from me and I just say "wtf there wasn't any noise!"
Press F yall
Needs more jpeg
#if it ain't broke, break it.
You said:

>It's not fair. You can spectate them and provide a second set of eyes in a solo game.

To me, this implied you meant that if I were to spectate my friend I would be able to move his perspective for myself, looking behind him for anyone coming. Other than that, if it's what he's seeing, it's not really anything special or unfair.
That's because COD matches are insignificant and short lived, and people usually leave to join their friends (I know I do).

>if it was a good feature they wouldâ€™ve added it.

doesn't mean shit. A lot of games probably don't have "good" features that you'd like them to have, so by your logic those "good" features aren't good. Again, it's just a quality-of-life thing, just because it's not their biggest priority doesn't mean it's not good.
>I was explaining why I think itâ€™s not a feature.
I am one with the bush and the bush is with me
College?
We used to have two weeks AND Jan 2nd off. Now we get 9 days -_-
Thick niðŸ…±ï¸ðŸ…±ï¸as and anime tiddies?
She perthithted
*365, I've been winning since day 1


jk kill me now
OP means when you load up the game and see your friend playing a match then he would just like to spectate instead of starting a match by himself (which could be for various reasons).
....yeah? People already do that in duos/squads when they die and they spectate their friends. There's literally zero downsides to this being added, it's just a quality of life feature.
#SMALL TIDDY PUNK GFS 2018
It isn't a feature. OP wants it to be. Spectating your friend is common practice among games like LoL and others.
It's just a quality of life feauture. We aren't saying that spectating your friend should be their top priority.

I'm not exactly sure why you're against this idea, it's not like you have to spectate your friend, it's just a nice option.
It's just an interesting stat to see. Knowing how many times you've won, or how much time you have in the game isn't "useful," but it's nice to see.
That isn't an option for everyone
Spectating in this game means you don't have any control, you only see what the person you're spectating sees. Have you played this game at all?
I'm pretty new to this game (had it for like 5 or 6 days) but I picked up pretty quickly. I played squads with only my friend and I and the rest for fill for the first time today, and one of my teammates actually murdered me as soon as I opened a supply drop and got a legendary AR, so that was pretty sad. I'm not sure why people do that, it's pretty selfish really.

My friend and I also witnessed our squad mate killing another random squad mate so we killed that squad mate because he targeted us after.

Agreed though, they should be punished. (NA btw)
He's going to go masturbate to the picture.

That's the joke.
Why do people do this?
#TRUE LOVE
Same, but NY with lake effect.
Damn... He's been an actor for a LONG time
Actually I see a lot of people with my area code as their clantag (Buffalo). I assumed it's either the area code or a coincidental clantag thing from a YouTuber or something
>"a idiot"

>wrong "their"

If you were going to match his intelligence you'd be an idiot.
People think they're playing TDM, regardless of the gamemode they're actually playing
This ends too soon
If you check his twitter, his history is just him trying to be a big boy on the internet and threatening to swat people
???
Someone shot me through the ship on USS Alexis Texas once, on accident.

How do people get so lucky...
I have teeth grinder, I just want rooted ii áƒš(à² ç›Šà² áƒš)
I never thought IW was bad but the game gave me a headache for some reason, even when turning off motion blur. Strange, but unfortunate
I'm dying laughing from this
If she ain't 2D she ain't mine
Uhh...

...

I'd stop talking about what you masturbate to, if I were you. Keep that to yourself.
#C R O P
*luh do
Laughing at I'm this dying
"My OldBoy!" emulator on the Google play store if you have an Android phone/device. Download a Pokemon red/blue rom from the internet and open the emulator, find the file, and play!
Go to your nearest dermatologist and ask for Accutane.

Also, showering twice a day isn't good for you and constantly washing isn't either, in fact that makes your skin drier and leaves you prone to acne.
How do we know you aren't getting paid to say anything but "they're listening to you constantly"?
I would have purposefully vomitted everywhere to get them out
I'm just surprised it's getting so many upvotes again

https://www.reddit.com/r/sadcringe/comments/7lodf7/_/?utm_content=title&utm_medium=hot&utm_source=reddit&utm_name=sadcringe

3 days ago
Totally wasn't posted yesterday/two days ago or anything...
Even though most people celebrate Christmas, because it is now a commercialised holiday. Even the JEWS celebrate Christmas, ffs.
They gave one out BECAUSE it's Christmas. Should've given us a heroic weapon variant bribe
I got... 3 commons for my Christmas-gifted winter supply drop...
[here you go.](https://i.imgur.com/2b3OO1F.jpg)
I don't really see the sad cringe?
RemindMe! One day
Male of the homosapien species
Yeah, I've been playing since freshman (14 y/o) year, and now I'm 18...
Well, what do we know about witches?
If I rage my parents just say I should take a break... They've never even threatened to take my ps4/3 away ever...
Looks so good with some guns ngl. I actually really like it compared to a majority of people, but I would agree it's underwhelming for how prestigious it is
I don't mind it, but I prefer pick 10
Happened to me so many times (PS4)
I'm confused. Why is this being added? Doesn't everyone have the YouTube app?
Someone call CPS holy shit
Yes. It is out of all 12 people in the lobby.
Thanks!
Thanks!
PSA: Hit "share" on your PS4 controller > save clip > trim in media gallery > upload to YouTube > link that clip to here.
Relatable because I turn 18 in 2 hours!
ðŸ¤”
I haven't experienced the sprint bug myself but I've seen a video. I have had double reload many times though (PS4)
I've never seen Hitler and Trump in the same room
You could've uploaded to YouTube and then linked to here. That's what I do
Honestly... good for you. I can't do that shit if I tried. I NEED THE ROOTED II
[this ðŸ…±ï¸ood?](https://i.imgur.com/1xhNtJp.jpg)
You only get one winter siege item per winter supply drop, now THAT sucks. I get they do that so you buy more, but really? That's so scummy. If it's a winter supply drop, it should be 3/3 items are from winter siege, not 1/3.
You mean /r/wholesomememes ?
You mean destroy your dick december?
Nah bro, Jev's just that godly
I want the rooted ii so badly
It's a fact they don't test anything they put out lol
It's a type of SBMM. It's what BO3 did, and frankly, it's fucking annoying.
#**JUSTICE SHALL BE SERVED**
That's a half scope which is luck if it hits.
It was a joke emphasizing bad luck and bad hit detection.
Wtf are they doing over there
Clothing. Kohl's all the way
Congrats, I'm jealous
How is that racist?
I haven't gotten an epic or heroic winter item either. I can't believe that a "winter" supply drop only contains one item from the winter siege event. That's ridiculous.
More like I pump 30 bullets into a dude and he 2 shots me with an smg across the map
Blackscoping is when you quickscope fast enough that the killcam shows a black scope and not the actual clear scope. You cannot blackscope in real time
Lol what?
Oh hey
Less than that. You have to boil it down to:

-same race

-same facial features/structure

-same gender (depends if you look androgynous or not)

-people who basically look exactly like you
You mean on JusticeServed
I've always been on that shit, y'all slackin
I had 33 days and for some reason lost it even tho I logged in, but yeah it should increase.
If you pay attention to detail, you'll notice that under a camo's name, when selecting a camo, shows what it was used for/used by/when it was used. They're going for a more accurate representation of camo's actually used in WWII.
My black friends have said that my ancestors probably owned slaves.

...My ancestors were immigrants from Sicily.
I as well am a prestige per day played. For BO3 I was a 15h per prestige, but in most other CODs it's per day. In this game at the beginning it was 15h, but now it's a day.
They seem more like sea spiders
Not sure why it doesn't work then.
Yes. WWII's system is more consumer friendly than BO3's imo.
Gain credits slowly > get impatient > buy supply drops
I'm on Android, though I don't see why it wouldn't work on iPhones as well.
That's not the problem, the problem is that they can get your information and use it for other purposes
I was thinking about this too, but I think they would've done this had it not been that this would be an easy way to get armory credits. They probably want to make it harder to earn credits fast, encouraging buying supply drops
+5 per second? How about +100 every 10 seconds, isn't that how it was in bo3?
Reddit tracks everything you do on reddit so they can give you ads suited to you and your interests, and possibly might be doing other things with your information
What does it say? Works fine for me (mobile)
>son
Fake news, emeralds weren't in the game until the 1.3 update in 2012
Needs more jpeg
YouTuber I've been watching for longer than I've been on reddit
Interesting, thanks for the [quick] response!
I didn't even know they had their own email app. I just use Gmail, and even then I don't really check my email.

Edit: it's a built in app on my phone but never bothered to use it.
Can I be away from my Mac? Say, in a different building a mile away?
#B I G

#O

#N

#E

#D
Somewhat serious. Ive only gotten one heroic outfit (Screamer II for airborne), and I don't mind getting heroic outfits. I mind if it's anything other than variants or outfits.
Whaddup peeeeeIIIMPS
It's not worth your sanity
#F
Heroic outfits > heroic weapon variants

I'm tryna look cool as fuck while killing people
PS4
#S I X T Y  H E R T Z  S E R V E R S
Bug fixes > break something else > repeat
Me!
Hardcore TDM I'd say.
>because of ^the ^fear of communism.
I have 24k and I thought I'd have enough for anything new... Seems not...

Let's just be thankful that guns are behind "completing 50 matches" rather than only armory credits...
I'm in NY and it's cold & snowing
and emblems
F
Can I get an ELI5 on project treble? I looked it up but understand like 5% of it
Everyone on this sub knows of them. They are frequently posted here
42and7 lbs
Ayo let me get uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
>~~most 20-30 year old~~ males

>Here's the issue they have with it

FTFY
He said ".1" as in you need 10 to get 1 point
Maybe half or a third, but 1 or 2 seems way too low imo
All they did was bash people to knock them out or kill them to stop the spreading
Autocorrect has taken another one from us ðŸ˜­
SHG could've just said it's real, provided evidence, and then got $1k so they can fix the game
Yeah no biggie, just a tiger fuCKING BITING ME
Bro porn is free
Seems fake to me honestly. Someone just inspect element'd it. No one has said "le" as a meme in at least 5 years
How many times does this have to be posted to here, /r/assholedesign and /r/crappydesign
Yeah the current text doesn't really fit in at all. This is such a good idea and I really hope they do this
Why do COD developers always get this wrong? Do they just not give a shit or are they too stupid? Every single game, there's lag compensation, and I'd have way more fun if it was almost eliminated like the germ it is.
It's been talked about multiple times but SHG seems to bat an eye at it
Press X, then sprint and it goes even faster
If it gets patched im quitting
They have separate teams to work on stuff...
YES PLEASE
Pap pap pap clack clack, skeebidi pop pop, and a pu pu purrrr poom
Ghosts was awesome. I shredded in that game
$9?! I've never seen an app priced so high!
That's what feminism does to people. It's strange really.
That's what i feared. It makes sense, but looks like I'm not gonna play it often until i hit master prestige
Now for mr popo
Nah bro, all about turquoise for December
Can we still level up our pubs level in ranked?
I feel like FaZeDestroyer358920 would be a tryhard who destroys snipers
Wtf is gawker
It's usually about timing and the first people who see it, which aren't very reliable or great odds
I think they should look like they were scratched in with a knife, like bo2
No, they're spraying at people
I mean it's different from sitting in the back of the map, as you mentioned, because maps and gameplay are different. Idk, the playstyle of the sniper in COD hasn't really changed much since 2007, just run around quickscoping people
Sniping has been a different role altogether in cod compared to other games like battlefield.
Really? For me it's just a bunch of people standing around and others spraying in the firing range
That's me
There's no way people like that still exist
You're probably one of those kids who raised the standards from 720 suis on carrier to 1440s on carentan which is why the trickshotting and sniping community is dead
I think it's gotten like this because they were like "send us feedback" and they actually listen to us so people will complain about the smallest shit. The HQ button being there is just something we'll get used to.
Thanks, I was wondering and didn't even know it existed
Grab your peacoat when you're on USS Texas, though.
If they fix it imma be super mad
^^haha
Almost cried in study hall
#eunuchlivesmatter
I understand where you're coming from but this will never happen. Posts like these are why they probably barely go on this sub because they see this entire sub as asking for free shit all the time
I tried using the sawed off earlier since I have the heroic version (Domino II). Its range is so awful, does the exact same thing in this vid
Have people commend you (HQ is empty for most, if not all, right now), do contracts, or daily challenges.
shhh don't worry about it
Yeah but you won't get the update for 8 months
Even if you play for 1 or 2 hours a day it still wouldn't take 2 years
Yeah I wasn't hating on Ghosts at all, I was including it in that golden age era. I love Ghosts, but after that it was somewhat downhill. BO3 was fine tho.
At least we got that cleared up

Priorities +100
In [Birdman's video](https://youtu.be/LVBX1eT2ZA8) he suggested that Condrey makes a poll on his Twitter so that it's public, and only one vote per person. Condrey won't do it, because as a previous post has said, SHG is that person that can't accept they're wrong. Obviously +100 would win, and Condrey knows this, but would refuse to do it because he wants it at +50 for some reason.
Thank you
BO2 was great (and my favorite) except for it's awful lag compensation (same with BO3). I really hope Treyarch gets REAL 60hz servers that they deserve.
Less than 1 year at that. Remember the era before Ghosts when 3arc and IW only had 1 year? They didn't have NEARLY as many problems as this game on their releases.

Edit: yes sorry, I meant 2 years, not 1. It was 2 AM when I wrote this haha. Also not hating on Ghosts, I was including it in that era of good games (I liked it).
Where tf do you live then?
BO3 is old, I do not recommend spending $100 on supply drops, but you can choose to spend your money how you want to, that's not up to me. But 2 years to hit master prestige? It takes a little less than a month to hit MP. It really isn't that hard to hit.
IW is probably dead af now tho since WWII came out
$500mil within first 3 days and they don't even hire someone for communications
At first I didn't mind it but now it's just super annoying that they haven't bothered to fix it yet
For real though. They could actually do some funny/clever stuff with some of the names, but most of them are just the "hey" or "yes!" emote with different names.
I didn't even know they removed that! I just hadn't cared yet (too early in the game) to check how many for each medal I got. I like checking at some points and being like "wow, I have THAT many bloodthirsties/headshots/etc.?!"
"he will not divide us" yeah he won't, because you are.
Yeah that seems to make sense. Thanks! (Bad design choice on SHG's part though)
Source? Or is this off of experience? It definitely explains it, but I just want to be sure
I got a 5 man with the thompson and the play of the game was a dude getting a single kill and the slow mo was after he killed the guy, too.
Doesn't work on PS4, most of this sub seems to forget there's people playing on that platform as well

Yeah no dude. Apparently it only works on Xbox from OP's edited comment. He most likely doesn't have the game on any other platform so how could he know it doesn't work on anything else?
Lag comp... 60hz servers my ass!
So true. It seems to help when you drink milk though.
Same here in NY, since the 2XP update
Remindme! 10 days "Reindeer winter event"
Pretty sure it doesn't have to be from a specific time
If you ever need help with graphic design for this, here's my port: http://nohxus.carbonmade.com
It's a seasonal map. I expect regular Carentan will be free for everyone sometime in the near future.
I didn't even know it was removed... Why would that be removed in the first place? That's a basic feature of hardcore.
He got a supply drop variant but put gold camo on
{
    "name": "Unnamed Sync for Reddit theme",
    "primary_color": "#263238",
    "accent_color": "#382c26",
    "highlight_color": "#009688",
    "primary_text_color": "#e0e0e0",
    "secondary_text_color": "#8d8d8d",
    "window_color": "#000000",
    "content_color": "#000000",
    "auto_subreddit_themes": true
}
Question: is there a known weapon variant from leveling up your social rank AFTER getting the Wilco? Has anyone gotten that yet?
Allo
Mine was empty after the update, but then I played a game, and afterwards returned to a full HQ
I swear to God I'm moving out of this country if they pass that shit

Edit: can switching ISPs prevent this? Also, no, I was not saying this last year during the election.

Edit 2: what about VPNs?
Am I the only one out here missing sabotage?
Emojis
Of course this game is slower, that's why they have XP boots in the supply drops, so they bait you to buy more supply drops. They probably won't increase the XP rate anytime.
They already do penalize you: you get a loss if you leave. No one gives a shit though. People will still leave even if it's a penalty where you can't play for 10 minutes, etc.
Save your credits for a couple months until something good comes out
If she's 2D im 2D
Especially since you only earn 5k-10k XP per match and need 1.4 MILLION to prestige...
The reason teachers do that is because they can't teach the class anymore, they have to teach the test (more specifically, the final exam, which is a standardized test by the state).
When people say that you only lived until you were 30 years old in the middle ages. This stems from figures that are **averages** of lifespan during those times, which was in the 30s, which was because infant mortality brought that average number down. In reality, those who lived past their teens made it well past 30 years old usually.
But I thought pee was? This is fake news
It's at 75 because this game is slower than the jetpack cods that had 100 score limit.
I love the first/top reply
No it is not. They are going to implement microtransactions back into the game at a later date and squeeze everyone's money out of them. A real apology would've have been honest and included them NOT putting microtransactions back into the game unless they specified "for cosmetic purposes ONLY." This is not a real apology.
It's the new choker style, duh
...don't say "teh" irl...
Yeah I was thinking about this. I just think that people want to play and then be done with it, because most get burnt out a couple months into the game.
Oh, I see.
Sync for Reddit. You can customize everything to your liking.
But is that really a bad thing?
I used to collect them late last year up until August when I started playing again. I had ice wizards, santa spell, the batter ram barbs as well. After I started attacking again I realized I had to get rid of them.
/uj why is GPM not black and orange? Why white?
Knowingly spreading HIV has been demoted from a crime to a misdemeanor. I think it should be a crime (as do we all) because you're practically killing someone. We know that if the AIDS doesn't kill you, the medicine does.
Also your shadows didn't load. It sometimes happens, but still interesting.
2 plus 2 is 4 minus 1 dats free quick mafs, everyday mans on da block, smoke trees
I think he meant statistically dead, compared to other subs with around the same sub count. But agreed, I'm here every day, and this sub never fails to bring some crisp content.
I just think it should have a dark mode. Black and orange would be so much better.
This is one bug I hope that stays in the game
My theory is that they hyped the game up by supporting the community, etc. and then when they game came out and they made bank they didn't have to care about shit.
Facepalm for myself, not directed towards you.
No, we know it's not 3XP, we're not fucking idiots. He's being sarcastic and snarky on twitter at the wrong time. He can do this shit when the game is fixed, but as for now he shouldn't be acting like this.
We're on a forum for a game that's rated M. You should be able to handle swearing.
[Birdman's got you covered.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ttJ6KCTGp4)
*facepalm* "screenshot" as in an image that isn't his.
GET THIS TO THE TOP! And yeah I agree, I remember my first game after launch and thinking "wtf happened to the SMGs?"
Note: also approved because he uses a Sexus 6P
He has a Sexus 6P himself, shown in the video.
I don't think he's as knowledgable of phones as we are.
Yeah I like them on the back rather than the front, but in the screen sounds cool as fuck.
It's not his, it's just a screenshot he took from somewhere
I wouldn't be mad about that.
Sadly because it uses an outdated meme format from *6 years ago*. That's why. If it had the text in a white box above the image, it'd be fine. I think the other person said sadly because now there will be a lot more shitty memes than there already are.
The real question is... why are you on applecirclejerk?
Now think about if everyone had this mentality.
Already saw on twitter a couple days ago. Still pretty funny tho
I don't understand why a brighter screen matters. Y'all wanna be blind or something? I'm always at 25% brightness.
"lol" "haha"
Yeah I have no idea why I don't get a lot. Some people reportedly get $100s, I'm over here with $3.50 from the entire year
Very cute, loved it.
Yeah but all these fragile whites are the ones telling us what's racist... ðŸ¤”
No. I don't even know why we call black people "African-American" anyway. The country and then "-American" refers to a direct immigrant. My heritage is Sicilian (and German and English) but I don't call myself Sicilian-American, I call myself American (...or white) because I was born HERE. And not all blacks are African, so really we should just be calling them black or Americans.
League chat is way worse than this screenshot
Sort of. I just feel like no one would go for a year old device by now. Personally I'd get a note 8 if I could but that shit is $1000. The "shitty display" as in the blue shift? The average consumer doesn't notice that and doesn't care about that.
How many times is this gonna be posted
If you liked your nexus I recommend Pixel 2/2XL, if it fits your budget.
Never let go of your Nexus, praise DuARTE
I assume Cyanogenmod supports Note 3 for Android 7.0 Nougat. Not sure about 8.0 Oreo tho, since that isn't even released by Samsung yet (only stock devices get it right now, Samsung takes like 6 months to release). I highly recommend doing research about rooting and what you download. Make sure your model version matches the root. For example, my S7 model number is SM-G930V, so I would get an SM-G930V root for android <insert version here>.

Edit: personally I'd recommend rooting to get stock android, rather than samsung hardware, unless you use your note capabilities. If you use your note features, I have no idea if those transfer when you root to a newer version of Samsung's Android versions, I'd research that if I were you.
Note 3 isn't supported anymore and hasn't received an official update from Google to have Google Assistant. Google Now voice command is pretty much the same tho
Hmm... I swear they had bixby and google assistant...
CM lock screen app usually has ads to support themselves if you don't buy the paid version. I assume that's what the picture OP posted is.
Just say "okay Google" or hold the home button if you have a supported flagship device (Galaxy S/S Note series, idk if J or A series are supported, check r/Android).
^memegenerator.net
I'm pretty patient. Mainly because if I text someone first I'm too afraid to ask if they got my message or something else.
LG
I'm curious as well
Jeez... Just give people some time!
It's so sad to see this go... We had our own little community, and it was nice. See you all on r/CallofDuty I guess :(
More than 3 dead subs
I giggles as well
*OLED
>9gag
Didnt even know this was a thing wtf
Trump lookin like a snack in that mm ðŸ‘…ðŸ‘€
Bad wording for sure, but she does sound like a major idiot
How does parents getting divorced = cancelled Netflix account
I wish I never removed my 2014 tombstone. I had just started out and I thought it was a retextured mushroom for Halloween .-.
You can disable bloatware apps or root it toot it. Personally I never install the Facebook app. If I have to use it I go into the phone browser or go on my computer.
Honestly I don't care if someone hates Trump or not, but the people here usually have a valid argument for both sides. We make fun of the people who don't, and that's who you see hit the front page. It's not really about the politics, it's more of the radical idiots.
They didn't fit in especially since TH10's theme was red and those walls were electric blue... Too contrasting.
How old is she where she didn't know what you meant by "bet"?
>I hate trump as much as the next guy

You're in the wrong sub for that lol
His videos are so cancer as well. Every 2 minutes there's a floating thumbs up emoji to remind you to like the video and a message "if you see this type ____ in the comments"

How do people watch him?
Prob the "brown" (looks reddish-brown) scouts or chelseas from Thursday Boots.
>frontpage

>7 upvotes
goodboye
The CIA and FBI requested to not release certain pages, that's why.
I've seen some [removed] comments already. I'm sure they're removing things that aren't true.

Edit: tbh I have no idea. Most of the removed comments are by an automod for being against trump to prevent brigading. I'm sure if something weren't true, someone from outside the sub would call out that person for it.
I do!
As a senior... No one cares who you are or that you're a freshman. To us, you just exist.
Like machine ðŸ…±ï¸roke
Yeah it sounds like a lot for a 2 year old phone
Bruh my *atheist* teacher even taught us about Jesus (as a historical figure and not a religious one)
https://www.reddit.com/r/dankmemes/comments/78oxjh/_/dovwmcu
Isn't that pedophilia?!
Jesus, or Yeshua, is a real historical figure who existed. It is your choice to believe if He was the Son of God or not.
Why 6P and not sexel? Tight budget?
Damn he ain't even got pepperoni nips... Those are SALAMI NIPS
oo^F
What is neoliberal? Is it new?
It's not looking good for Google this year...
6/5 cringe
Not even him liking you and feeling rejected compares to the mountain of cringe that is how he types and does actions while typing AND the furry thing
Wtf are you on about?
The Pixel launcher is more of that simple, default launcher that-if you don't care too much-won't be changing any time soon. Nova is more of a "I want to customize EVERYTHING" because you care more, but you can also make it as simple or complex as you want.
Screw pixel launcher, NOVA FOR LIFE!
I use Firefox Focus
LG
Can someone explain how it's gold? Did someone just make a gold quarter and put it through circulation?
r/mildlyinteresting
Luck is luck, but you have a higher chance of pulling a weapon from a rare.
Or... Download the rom...
School is about grades and passing tests now. A lot of teachers are passionate and want their students to learn, but the state/country's government could care less if you learned.
You forgot the blood of a virgin
These are the people that are always at the top and get the most attention
X
I'd like to add Nike Janoskis or Janoski Max
His texting/typing style gave me cancer
>34k likes

Time to end my life, I hate this world.
I like dressing in suits though. I mean, who doesn't?
Do people actually believe this? Please tell me no one believes this. PLEASE
"I got you fam ðŸ’¯" translates to "when you shoot up the school, don't shoot me"
Ana Cheri is the chick.

You're welcome
Some of them don't have any black at all which is strange. I think a lot of them are community submitted, I guess that one just slipped through
BH8 looks sick!
I'd like to make it customizable. I think that'd be pretty cool
Is this why women don't have pockets I'm their pants?
At my school, most of the people have iPhones, but many also have a Samsung phone, and then there's that tiny portion that have a different Android phone.
If I got HIV/AIDS I'd just end it all right there in front of the doctor who told me
Praise duarte
Cringiest part is that you know what it is from
Looks like someone tried to enter platform 9 Â¾...
Or is this a bamboozle?
Yeah but people used to sell ipods and iphones with it. Can't download an apk on an apple device (because "apk" is "android package"). I don't think anyone sells them anymore but that's what happened when flappy bird went off the app store, people selling their iphones by the thousands, for thousands.
Yes, true. But we were talking about who said Jake Paul wrote the lines, and Jake Paul said himself he wrote Crompton's lines.
They're going backwards, they're reversing the civil rights movement. THEY'RE SEGREGATING THEMSELVES... all because they're brainwashed now. Sad, really.
(GONE SEXUAL)
Jake Paul said it himself on their podcast. He said he felt bad because he wrote it and everyone is giving Nick Crompton shit for it instead of him
Both created R&M
If you posted to r/earthporn I'm sure you'd hit r/all
Will you be my bestest friend?
Thank you
Mine is "I'm not gonna sub to your YouTube"
Looks like a Google card, so it was probably just a story suggested to them
Ouch oof owie my karma
good bot
Oh... Well whoever she is, she T H I C C
I said glass of juice, not gas the Jews!
I like to watch Owen Shroyer and Millie Weaver when they go on the streets and interview people at protests, etc., but anything else I avoid tbh.
I think the forehead and chin on the non-XL are unnecessarily big. They're big compared to 2014-2016 standards even.

Would still buy tho
#GOLDIGGERS
That mom is T H I C C
I heard it melts dude
I've watched this at least 10 times and laugh harder every time
It doesn't add that much, but I can see how you could say it's chunky. It's definitely on the thinner side though, especially since my last case was one of those T H I C C rubber ones with the plastic on the side.
:L
[First one I found.](https://www.reddit.com/r/sadcringe/comments/731kja)

It has been posted multiple other times, too.
You take such nice pictures! All of them are worthy of thousands of upvotes
Praise duarte
Why would they do that to the non-XL? Incentive to buy the XL? If so, why not just make the XL the only model? Smfh.
Really should be grateful. No other game that I know of does this.
Check it every day then
I really like my case. It's walnut burl wood on the back and the rest is this hard rubber with mini spikes on the side for grip. 

[Here's the Amazon link.](https://www.amazon.com/Galaxy-Walnut-Traveler-Carved-Samsung/dp/B01DCNQKAU?th=1&psc=1)

They have other woods too, I just liked walnut burl the best (cedar and natural bamboo seem nice, too).
Respek for playing BF1 and using the martini. It's my fav
In middle school if you were early they made you wait outside the doors. We had winters in the NEGATIVES and they just stood on the other side of the doors looking at us and pointing to the clock, implying it wasn't time yet. (Upstate New York)
It exists as of 11 minutes from the time I'm commenting this
He's definitely 7.
Sorry. I have no idea how to help you, I just know who he is and that's how his hair naturally is, so if you get it like that you'll be able to do it.
haha exactly!
I'm just waiting for the special obstacle.
Wow, cool! We just had "Italian" foreign exchange students from South Tyrol! (I put Italian in quotations because it was part of Austria, and they still retain most of that culture, essentially still Austrian more than Italian)
I remember seeing this on ifunny like 6 years ago
tommmyyyy
Maybe get a disconnected undercut and have your hair well kept? I think they were bugging you because they thought it didn't look presentable.
Keep it long on top, get a fade on the sides, bam.
Ah yes, I see it now on my computer.
I just flipped through it. I need chemo STAT
I'm on mobile so I don't even know what it says
T H I C C

H

I

C

C
I had default, but then just made everything higher quality, it doesn't matter what settings I have, it just crashes when I hit slow motion. It's a shame, the HDR+ is really nice, but I can just use the default Samsung camera app for slow motion if I ever do it (I've used slow mo only once out of a year)
From hearing about the book signing.
My phone is more expensive than the respective iPhone. I don't see why apple users have a 2011 mentality. We have a lot better, more expensive, and well built (most better than iphones) phones, for the past couple years too.
Oops...
It's personal preference. Do you want a pen and a giant screen, or stock android? We'll have to see about other comparisons when the pixel 2 releases, so yeah.
It works fine for my (VZW) S7. The pictures go to the regular camera folder, instead of the SD card camera folder.

Edit: app crashes when trying to go into slow motion option.
I live in buffalo and heard about this earlier today. Immediately contracted aids
Wasted talent.
It's because they wanted a woman president, and anyone who stood in their way was a nazi/white supremacist/misogynistic male pig
Sexus 6 is still going strong tho
They're pretty juicy.
We don't have a bixby button on the S7/E.
These people need to be locked up forever. They're too dangerous and stupid for society
>im a white *woman*

>(it/its)

???
Unrelated, but I love your name. Game looks like shit on old gen haha
>The new Sony ~~XYZZ~~ ZYZZ

FTFY
This isn't related in an way but we share the same reddit birthday :p
Yeah, when I saw Ponyboy, 8th grade flashbacks of when we read The Outsiders came back
That was majestical
Understandable have a nice day
Do you have to install an uninstaller to uninstall the uninstaller?
You have to keep pressing to run because your character stops running, it's part of the game.
No, they have an iOS app as well.
>I have a boyfriend, sorry

*later* 
>I have a boyfriend

Replies with
>you never said that
I'll take it off your hands
I too got the Galil out of my grand slam. I actually really like it and do pretty well. I usually use quickdraw, stock, fast mags, and rapid fire (ELO sight is optional).
At first I was like "sorry to hear that..." then you said you got the KVK so that was definitely worth 125 wins.
I barely play Overwatch, and I've never played Genji, lol.
What an emotional rollercoaster. I feel like I have to use my phone forever now and never betray it so I don't make it feel bad
Well he got gold so...
Really? When I go back to other CODs I don't try double jumping or anything. Hmm
You stopped watching because of something completely avoidable?

You make a lot of sense
If they don't like something why would they be there?
I rarely get these. Maybe once per week or once per couple days, and I've never chosen "see less often."
Do you have to install another uninstaller to uninstall the first uninstaller?
Wtf this is like a week old, if only I had known it'd get 22k upvotes....
I would never do this under normal circumstances, but if it was to save some precious kittens I totally would.
A lot of sjw shit is cringey tho. I get you don't like the political atmosphere to it, but I think that's why a lot of people are there.
>Galil, FFAR... and the XMC :( Very disappointing

Wtf did I just read? This has to be a joke.
I think he'll be dead when this is reposted in 2114
May I ask:

What did you say?

Do they really think Trump raped his daughter since her birth? Jfc..
>be me

>be 6 years old

>teacher asks us something that has to do with the president, teacher asks, "who's the president of the united states?"

>scream "HILLARY CLINTON!!"

>everyone laughs at you
Definitely understandable. They need to fix this shit (idk if they have, haven't played today yet)
Happened to me yesterday when I tried opening my daily double. I was able to open the second one after quitting out the game like 3 times.
Samsung Galaxy Ace 2014. Piece of shit phone during the second year, ngl.
Could've at least been more still when taking it
Also, where did this picture even come from? I'd like to see the entire thing. Yeah the guy who "made" Pepe and is suing people is stupid af, but I'd like to see where OP got this image from.
Dude you're like 2 weeks late...
sub4sub?
Zero suit Samus should transform into zero clothes Samus.
This is gonna be the first campaign on a game I've played since BO2.
Lag compensation, server issues, and a glitch all make the perfect storm.
It's happened before. BO2 is triggering me rn
I think he spelled "life" wrong.
I didn't think it was possible... First time I've seen this happen in 3 years of playing
This tweet getting 100k+ RTs and 300k+ likes is why I hate people
Really? Got DAMN
What do you mean what do the parents do? They go to work!
>sexuality assaulted
Honestly, there's definitely people like that, and worse

edit: autocorrect made "worse" into "wrose" -_-
F
/r/animalsbeingbros
You can be gay without having to be part of that community.
That tweet is so pointless it doesn't even deserve to be a tweet
You could've just did "link device" before starting your base on another device with a different OS.
Why would you reset your account, even if you don't like the gun? You can't get another triple play anyway. Just ignore it and move on. That's what I did when i get the DIY out of my total victory
Too far, or not far enough?
L3FT.E and malice. I have neither, and I wouldn't use them (I might put the malice on my classes if extra space), but it'd be nice to have them.
But she said it was a joke, so...
You're definitely reaching. He was a troll for sure
We can get rid of our home phone, but we just don't. It's weird that we don't because whenever someone calls it we're just like "don't pick up, it's probably a bot, scam, or survey or something"
>don't chemo patients lose their hair because of the radiation

what
Real person or bot? Seems like a Skype bot to me.
Yeah, they used the wrong utensil when scribbling it out
That roast at the end, damn son
Both games had bad lag compensation/camera angle issues
I know this sub is practically treyarch circlejerk but I actually look forward to WWII. Will it be better than BO3? Who knows (that's to one's own opinion anyway)?
The challenge you have to win 1st place, but top 3 counts as a victory (not 1st place win) for everything else
And you had a 0.0000000000000000000001% chance of getting something you wanted
It shoots projectiles (nails) instead of bullets.
>... and the list continues. Whatever floats your boat - there's always an option.

That's the beautiful thing about this platform.
While a good meme, maybe he just wanted to know what's wrong with himself so he can make himself a better person so he can have an actual relationship?
I did, and there was (imo) a noticeable [positive] difference, but it still wasn't like 60hz. I don't think they used the 60hz for the beta, or it was just something wrong with the game that they'll fix on launch.
It looks like a cat EVERY TIME
/uj I thought it was because someone else had demo'd the device previously so it was set up for a different face instead? That's what SHILLKBHD said.
MODSMODSMODSMODSMODSMODSMODS
/r/mildlyinfuriating ?
Is it bad I chuckled
I really like the malice and LEFT E.
The servers' connection, essentially. For context, most CODs are 10-20hz servers, while most popular games are like 45+, and you definitely notice the connection difference. You don't get shot around corners in BF, Overwatch, and CSGO.
C U C K E D

U

C

K

E

D
Everytime I see this, it hurts.
I understand what you're trying to say, but fetus would be the correct term. I don't think they're denying it being a person by saying "fetus."
>45 going on ~~20~~ 11

FTFY
What? It extends the invisible cloak time
Yeah we'd all like that but Activi$ion just wants money and doesn't care about their consumers.
I only play TDM and dom anyway.
Women suffer from dehumanization? You're talking about the middle east right?
Sadly no one plays fracture. It's at 0% all the time on ps4 (prob xbone too). Last time it was above 1% was when it was for 2xp
If someone called me a homo sapien, I'd laugh with them.
Ohmygod these memes are everywhere on twitter and everyone in the replies just roasts tf outta the op. Then they say "haHAA android users r triggered lul"
/r/assholedesign
Self promotion much
I know you and like you, but I don't know you.
I haven't watched the video, so it might not be what I'm about to say, but apparently it's that the hurricane is being played up as a bigger hurricane than it really is, to sell more bottled water. Obviously we know this is bullshit, but it's quite interesting to entertain the thought.
My first 8 I got... Arfus .-. it's a good meme tho.
Is it still 40? Shit, I thought they lowered it when the released KoFT
I'm not afraid of something I can punt across a football field.
Thaaaaaat's disgusting
He got it right the first time, go back to English class.
Tbh this is probably gonna be me in college.
Just when you think trickshotting would be dead
>be me

>be born in 1999

>don't remember what I was doing on 9/11 because I was a 1 year old
DIY and ballistic knife. At least I can sleep well knowing I won't get the ballistic knife from 125 wins of mental torture
Ah, that explains it haha
Just pretend you're working towards the grand slammed
>are you done playing? Iâ€™d be interested in getting your account :) -pm me if so

-/u/rysterini 

yep
May I ask why you're doing walls first instead of literally everything else?
No this is patrick
Bruh I didn't even notice... shieeet....
Sometimes you just can't tell on this sub anymore. Sorry
I'm getting flashbacks just thinking about it
Skrt skrt kachinga
Did airlines seriously not learn their lesson after United & others?
SHOW ME THIS DUDE I WILL SQUARE HIS ASS UP
They used the M27 model for the ICR for a while until the modeled the ICR. Then for the beta they disguised the ICR as the M27 so people couldn't data mine it
Prob grip, rapid fire and fast/ext mags. I don't own it but I've picked it up before and personally I think it's a great gun
Why 1944 steel and not 1943 steel like you got?
Vsauce did a video on this a while ago: [Is your red the same as my red?](https://youtu.be/evQsOFQju08)
Yes it's been a bit skippy at times in every match
It is. It's the servers that cause lag compensation and it's complete bullshit. I always get the short end of the stick when it comes to lag compensation and I want it GONE
I am a true believer of the sup method. I got ballistic knife earlier and, while a weapon I never wanted and never will use, it's still a weapon. Convert to sup today!
Yeah but you can still activate it!!! Quick!!!
Get your 11 year old middle school rumors outta here
That means it'll take 100 days though, which is over 3 months.
I think it should just be like 1-3 unlock tokens that you get to choose which DLC weapons you want. Honestly I don't think they'll make much money after WWII comes out so this probably wouldn't hurt them.

Maybe 1 token per 20 wins (60 wins max for 3 tokens) or something? And if you buy it you get 3? Idk just brainstorming
D E E P
Thanks
I wasn't blaming your connection. IW and MWR have better servers than BO3. It doesn't matter how good your connection is, everyone will experience lag compensation.

Edit: and we all also experience the little lag skip every once in a while.

Edit 2: throughout today the servers have seem to get increasingly worse... hmm
I know this might seem like "futuristic bullshit" or whatever, but I really like that purple lightning pre-order camo for zombies. Maybe that could be the dark matter of this game? Idk, but I'm sure SHG has something sick for us regardless.
Why do you bold **e**v**e**ry **e**?
Your comment triggered me because you used "you're" instead of "your"
They need millions a day to feed themselves
Yeah, you lose gun fights you should 100% win because of lag compensation (which has been in COD since the first multiplayer COD), not because of your internet. What are the servers, like 10-15hz? Too many people rely on lag compensation, and I'm so glad WWII is gonna have 60hz.
GFUEL is self aware, they're just memeing
And people liked her shit too... Please tell me this is fake...

This is why I hate people.

Edit: [I HATE PEOPLE](https://i.imgur.com/EOR6joX.png)
Good luck on those 10k banshii kills
Nah, the dude in the gif didn't have meat chops on his head
Gustavo ðŸ˜©ðŸ‘ŒðŸ»ðŸ’¦ðŸ”¥
They're limited, just like the limited holiday obstacles.
Well I'm not gross, pimply and creepy, but I am pale... :(
Yeah because only white people can get pimples.
And a million-fucking-miles away from pedophilia.
The daddiest
Interesting, didn't know that. I thought they stopped after IW released.
Noine and three quartahs!
Clearly they eat ass
People dropped the birthday boom in the place that he didn't want them in
-can customize the phone however you want

-better phone OS (opinion)

-higher resolution displays

-better cameras

-battery lasts longer per day

If you liked your HTC M8 I suggest getting the U Ultra or the HTC 11. Or you could wait for Google's Pixel 2 or Galaxy Note 8's release.

EDIT: formatting
Yeah that's true. I haven't put much time into MWR but I do get dupes sometimes, but a lot of content is still to be unlocked for me.
They stop supporting after two years so they can focus on releasing/promoting their game for the entire year. Take SHG and AW for example, they stopped supporting their game after Infinite Warfare came out, right? Then focused this year on promoting and getting the beta out. That's what Treyarch will be doing (idk about beta but it's likely) in 2018.

EDIT: They also released the Grand Slam. As in, a big way to go out.
That was pretty aggressive. Also,

>I didn't say anything of the sort about the alt-right

>It's a /pol/ parroting ground for kids who like Alt-Right rhetoric
mmmmm that was kinda out there. I'm not denying it but that was a bit out of the blue. Also, that isn't science, that's a sociological study.
No one's scared to go on 4chan lol. And alt-right? That's [REAL] nazis right? Or am I confused?
#Y O U A R E G O O D S T Y L I S H T A S T E
They've stopped spawning
/r/CODZombies and try this subreddit's discord with the #looking-for-a-group or zombies channel. The Z-House discord would also be useful
That was total victory, not triple played. If it was triple played you would've been guarenteed 1 ranged weapon. GS is 1 guarenteed no dupe ranged weapon, so you won't leave empty handed like you did on your mental-torture-of-a-contract total victory
BO3 was a sweatfest before the grand slam.
Looking forward to trying it once, getting Nuketown, getting against a full 6-man party, getting spawntrapped 20 seconds in and then never touching it again
Even with double depot credits it still takes like a day's playtime to get a weapon. Disgusting
Well he's not a real member so
Yeah, ps4 got 1-2% for FFA but I still manage
"imao" does this person think the L in "lmao" is a capital i?
Why is it dumb? Genuine question, I'm curious what the arguments for and against it are.
I say y'all and I'm a suburban northern white. It's just easy to say
S E A R C H B A R
>14 hours of straight win grinding
Good guy mike
Same. BlessRNG
If you're new, please play FFA, fresh meat!
Yes, he also said that is the only way to get around the SBMM.
It was clearly a joke
He looks like he's 8 in that pfp
David Vonderhaar confirmed that if you have a high SPM and play solo, you will almost always get worse teammates and good enemies (or enemies that are better than your teammates at least)
It's xbox
I just don't like how long it takes to get them. Maybe if they increased the amount of salvage you get per rare supply drop, or lowered how many depot credits a rare supply drop is, it'd be bearable.
U N P L A Y A B L E
It's chinese
Divinium is irrelevant... if you don't play zombies
Sbmm is complete shit in this game that's why
It's hard when you're the only one on your team with over 5 kills and less than 10 deaths.
It's like, why is the level 15 on my team?! And why is he JUST starting to play this 2 year old game?! And at THIS time, the worst time!
Just like /u/TheRealTrueDarkLord
Pretty sure they'll stop supporting the game after WWII comes out
It's usually a bot
*brofist*
Yeah except Trump has millions of followers on Twitter, and he is the president so he should be verified so everyone knows that's the real account
I was just expressing how I felt
Yeah but that's what he meant when he said "I mean you aren't paying $40 just for a camo."
Bob Ross is on Netflix (if you have it) and YouTube
Yeah I just got this too. I care about the people in Texas but I'm not doing this lame shit because it literally won't do anything to help them.
I wish they just gave us unlock tokens. 125 wins to end everything off is a slap in the face imo, because they want you to pay for it instead of going through that mental torture
Yeah but you're also buying weapon bribes and 20 rares as well
Yeah, I thought I was gonna finally get into the void.
"Snumpiii" scumpii fanboy lol
But they're females?