So a meh ol and a corner who fell hard?
Is this something you have to pay for
That's sort of the point.
It's UDFA's though
so 9 is freak athlete?
It came as a surprise to many people familiar with Zaycoven Henderson and the Texas A&M football program that the senior defensive tackle was arrested early last Sunday morning and charged with a second-degree felony in aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, a third-degree felony in tampering with evidence and a misdemeanor charge of possession of marijuana.
jfc dorsey pls
Depends on where they think Baker is.
Who the hell is the third guy?
Because they don't believe in the guys you want as much as the guys they picked.
Major off the field issues. Finished at d2
We haven't had one in years. Though I'm not sure it's as important as it used to be.
We usually seem to end up with like fifteen.
We should probably megathread UDFA's as I'm sure there will be a bunch of them.

Then the subreddit will pick its favorite and cry when they get cut at the end of training camp like every year.
Bitonio/Corbett played LT in college
That's the hottest of takes, saying a UDFA is gonna beat the 2nd round guy we just drafted and Shon Coleman (And Joel Bitonio)
Can we just drop the FB position finally
Does he meander around?
I think Derwin can play every position. Including outside cb
I wish we had taken Derwin James over ward.
I think six wins is where we will end up. 9 is bold and 4 is conservative.
Denver will be an ugly game.
Flair bets are the worst kind of bets.
Don't really care to bet. No. I'm confident he finishes the season.
May or may not even make the team as a sixth rounder.
They would not fire him mid season. They are committed to him.
Most teams
ask us in 3 years
That worked out so well
Obviously they didn't like any of the DL guys
If we didn't have 3 QB's already I'd be on board with drafting Lauletta today
there's still rounds 4-7
Yet Rudolph will?
Thank God. Duke and crow sucked ass in pass pro and got kizer killed a bunch of times.
Picks look fine to me.
Elbow to the face. Klove took one too. Fuck the pacers.
I think you meant to reply one above me m8
Why not
Meh. Fuck the tv
I think the browns are done for the day
Blame the TV for being slow, picks are waaaaay ahead of the stupid TV bullshit now.

 If they stopped the commercials after the 'pick is in' we'd be halfway through the third
I hate when people say 'basically x pick' 33rd is not 'basically a first' and 67 is definitely not 'basically a second'

It's a third.
 It was reported yesterday that they were trying to move Telfer and Taylor
https://twitter.com/StephStradley/status/990038053015183365
bro he's going undrafted or late late 6th/7th
wtf randall telfer? we're trying to trade him LOL
Wouldn't it be faster to wait like 3 minutes
is it a good pick? I've not heard his name before
Raiders confuse me
betcha he goes 76th
Just..because?
https://twitter.com/NFL_DovKleiman/status/990036109555109888
Why can't we go to commercial while they are waiting on the pick instead of after the pick is in?
?
i am sad
https://twitter.com/AllbrightNFL/status/990032078472269824
Hurst and Brown are a no
like..what
'this early' you realize our next picks are in the 4th?
RIP
Penney and Barkley probably the others.
Allbright says there's some stuff about Guice he won't talk about until he's signed/drafted
I think we're going after Chark
Only 8 picks left, don't see any reason to trade up
Pacers aren't rolling over like I hoped
He's going to seattle
With what ammo? All we have is a 4 5 and 2 6's
Did I miss anything? Took a break to watch the Cavs
by Vrabel lol
staff must see something
Wow! Kerryon!
 IDK, they all seem upset he's a Brown
https://twitter.com/MikeGarafolo/status/990014268794957824
Nah, Star's cleared up after his virus went away
Vrabel is having way too much fun fucking over Bill
Right in front of the pats lol
wtf
Why wasn't it #13
Apparently short arms and weak
 Well it's an OL
I thought that was super weird
I was lol
Glad you are a scout
I still think they should've started Brock
higher than Barkley?
 Doubt it, depth
why? because it's not your pick?
It was a luxury pick??
I don't understand why they said he was a center and guard and all the highlights were at LT..
I wanted bakers dozen memes
ESPN had him listed as a G
I'm good with this pick.

It's not Guice but I wanted an RB
Welp, I was wrong.

He played LT in college but listed as G? Wonder how the Browns view him
I got offered free tix to Sunday.

Couldn't bring myself to go to a Tomlin start
Sure, I just don't think it's who we want
Trade?
No
Chubb pls
But we could just take the players we want at 33 and 35 instead.
We don't have the right picks for that
Don't see any OT worth taking.

If we're going offense don't dick around, take Sutton and Chubb and be done with it
what number is he wearing

Edit: why the fuck is audio always so weird on these conferences
how?
wtf
Or you could not care what analysts think, results are what matters
I think we have bigger holes to fill than rotational players
yes
We have Ogbah though
Jackson's an upgrade over Taylor and BBC
RUN AWAYYYYY

Courtland Sutton, Josh Jackson, Derrius Guice, Nick Chubb
Just saw a mock with us taking him at 64
Aqua Dagger was also on the Suns
Can someone tell me what exactly his heart condition is?
wat
Eagles did it a bit ago so we have to take back our crown
:(
I mean I've seen him mocked there a bunch but yeah no
they have 50 overall
I feel attacked
$20 for that wtf
Allen's gonna be a super bust
Are the Bills just trying to become the meme?
I'm willing to give him the year with all this new talent.

He has to win at least 6 games this year.
That's fine, he's high on Darnold.

He doesn't make asinine statements like taking Barkley and Chubb
I love Gordon, and a full offseason + preseason will do wonders for him.

Curious to see the chemistry between him and Tyrod
GO AWAY ALREADY
Gordon for a full season, yeah.
Yeah Watson's advanced stats are..scary
A lot of his success came from Nuk catching everything thrown near him
I still think he got bailed out way too much by Nuk
Lets see Baker and Watson play full seasons first
Chubb may end up being a better pro, but I can easily understand the thinking wanting a shutdown corner over a guy who would be rotational for us with Ogbah and Garrett.

I'm pretty high on Baker, I think Tyrod's the perfect guy for him to learn from too.
Sutton/Jackson at 33 Guice at 35, Hubbard at 64
Yes, I've said it before.

I'd have been okay with Darnold but I think Mayfield's the better QB.
I think you got reasonable value for trading down 5 spots
You only went down 5 spots vs 13
Browns got the best QB and CB in the draft, hard to be upset
Should've taken a doughnut out of each for the post
Landry will keep dropping
Hence 13..
Mike Freeman.

Matt Miller's legit
https://twitter.com/AdamSchefter/status/989710021675180032
Saints are dumb
Would rather Jackson over Hurst
I think he makes it 8 games
I think we can make luxury picks at this point honestly.  If you really believe in X guy you take him
Coleman and Gordon are outside WR's though
Do we need a TE?
I'm okay with our FS and WR's actually.

I don't see them taking OT this year.
Check the tweet I posted last night about who is available still
which is 13..
I want this to happen so badly now
Also Walter Football .09 accuracy.

Fuck that guy
Allbright's gonna hold this over peoples heads now that called him a hack
Why would you go to a draft party.
why?
Saints trade up for Davenport
Pretty sure Gordon lives with someone too
I want Jackson too but I don't think they pull the trigger
This didn't end well for the mock drafters
I thought during regular season these guys have a tendency to live together anyway because it builds trust and bonds
We need corners far far far far more than we need any more pass rushers
Kiper's shit tho
\#thatsmyquarterback
Don't rookies tend to room together?
So he's a QB?
Why would you count Wentz? Foles led that team to the SB
Because he was the guy
I mean, some people have differing opinions of 'hot'
Wasn't that supposed to be Trent
Lol?
Nah, if they took Guice we could hold 33 hostage over NYG
medical
I'd go Guice at 33, more likely for the other two to be available later
Medical, back/knee i guess
Pick of the litter boys
Jackson's the best player left on the board
Aren't they only on small deals?
Jackson is better than BBC Gaines and Currie
Then Josh Jackson
Hard no on Michel
do we love Guice?
Shazier can barely walk and he thinks he's gonna play again??
Tyrod will play 16 games unless he's benched for ~~NATHAN PETERMAN~~ Baker
I'm hoping we trade up actually lol
josh jackson or derrius guice are the only players left that I want
You guys did good on the trades and got a good player out of it
And he's still there at 20
\#4 just became super valuable
I thought Denver wanted to trade back?
Hue knew 2 days ago according to Dorsey
Yeah there are picks in often before the previous was announced.
no
Teams have 10 minutes to pick but between picks will be around 15-20 minutes
amusement?
FO and co met last night to finalize the pick
I mean it's been all over the fucking internet lol.
https://twitter.com/NFL_DovKleiman this guy was lightning fast before
Telfer, actually
Why would the Jets trade up from 3 to 1?
LIAR WE HAD TIM COUCH FOR LIKE TWO SEASONS BEFORE WE BROKE HIM
There's nothing to break
ewww
I know he said earlier today he thinks the pick's Baker
Woah there slow your roll you've had him for like half a season lets get a slightly larger sample size
So it's Rosen?
OKC won so it's all good
Rodgers is in a class of his own on that one though, I'm not sure Stafford/Cam would have the accuracy on that throw that Rodgers does
I think he's got plenty of arm strength to make the normal NFL throws
But if Price is healthy wouldn't that put him back above those guys
Broken: Matt Harvey
Does he need a 70 yard throw? Unless you're Rodgers you rarely ever throw that pass
wait what
We aren't trading #1
BAKER MAYFIELD ON HARD KNOCKS BOYS LETS GET IT DONE
50 in a 40 is more of an issue to you than a DUI???
And mkc
Been around for years.
we know
I've never watched Draft Day so I didn't realize it was T'challa
Rosen, Nelson, Chubb all seem like better picks
I'm fairly active and it's never happened to me
It's still too early IMO to say Wentz is a true FQB especially with his injury
Don't seem them able to trade up to anything but a pick about to happen
They should have the dude who played Vontae Mack announce the first pick
You can be in the loop and not know the final pick.

People have to be on board with the pick..
I'm 6'7 and it got me some *weird* swipes.
I think that'd be the haul for #4
Hue'll get his chance with the revamped roster, if he still can't get it done then he'll be thrown out
Didn't we just go through this
we have a division rival?
That would've been hilarious if he'd done it on camera too
is he really BPA though
wow that's some tiny ass OL
There's literally no better team to do it
-16-0?
I am gonna watch the shit out of this for all of the memes
He ran on the pitch.
Or we'll fail at defending the suicide squeeze
ZMac's pretty good
currently has the highest batting average in the lineup
Bullpen gonna throw a shutout and bats are gonna get like 2 more hits
4 years isn't enough sample size?
At what point does the Tomlin experiment finally end?
I mean Dion got passed on by lots of teams
r/nfl, actually
wat
It comes out of your butt duh
PROUD
because football 'experts' are hacks
Man I remember either last year or the year before he was GOSPEL around here.
Mayfield's probably a lock to the jets if he doesn't go to us
I'm ok with that, especially if Guice falls to 33 or we trade back up into the first
I’m sad he’s not on owl he’d be an upgrade over most of them. 
Uh-huh.
I would be very surprised if they picked an LT with a first this year
Second round of the west might be even more of a bloodbath
One ref called foul to begin with before review
Lance fouled Green
I mean pro NBA players do that all the time
call changed to 2 shots for green
Tim Couch was the only one taken in the upper half of the first round.

They don't give up on the QB the QB just dies on the field.
Wouldn't that tie it then?
Poor Oakland. 
No he doesn’t. We usually give the guy at least a year. And we’ve only taken one qb first. 
You can’t chargeback three years ago. 
So wait he made a mock and then rips teams in the mock for not taking the right player? Isn’t that the point of the mock?
Except it’s a first
Cbs also loves to incite people because more clicks. 
 Ehh lets not go that far, #3 at best in most rotations I think
ASR lol
D30 measures amazingly and sounds like absolute crap
 maybe next year
is kevin love not allowed to draw a foul this game?
wtf is this shot selection
A couple of those looked like uncalled fouls
Is there a lid on the basket
I can't see every AFCS team winning 8+
More like if you want to get drunk sit in the dawg pound, a lot of drunk assholes in that section, never had a good time.
AVOID THE DAWG POUND
I did.
People say this every year, the schedule is never 'that tough' and many of the games are winnable.

Also if we went 16-0 for example, the SOS would be much worse.
Can you get any more generic
I think a lot of them have hit their breaking point
If Tomlin continues to suck they can't wait forever.

Gonna have to try Merritt or someone else
Fifth starter pls
Did Tom take this trip off?
I don't believe that's correct
T E B O W 
one, if you read the article
Over the past few years in the pursuit of thinness they got uh..fun
So..730 EDT right?
Android Auto beats the crap out of Carplay though.

Only using the iphone cause it was free
I broke my Pixel XL and am currently using an iPhone 6+ and I can't fucking stand it.

Carplay is the worst.
Lol
wtf
Yeah CPU matters less at higher res
6600k isn't gonna un-bottleneck any games that  a 6500 would bottleneck.

I have a 1080ti and was contemplating an i5-8400 as my cpu.

The FPS loss is almost nil.
Haven't  found one, sadly.  It's extra annoying because if my cat walks in front of the harmony hub it stops working lol
This will cheer you up

https://twitter.com/sammywatkins/status/985174403926327296?s=21
Well he is talking about his family
Why did you keep it..
Massively overhyped and recommended out the ass by people who have either A. never tried anything better or B. follow the memetrains
80, but down to 72 now
I know this is a baseball game thread, but why the fuck are the Jackets off 2 days between games without travel?
3?
Man, Clev might have the largest improvement of any Indian from 2017 to 2018.

His location is vastly improved.
r3 and beyond i think
I mean, it's simply a sign, telling you to run away from bad headphones
no
I feel so bad for Kipnis lol
Well i mean his last base hit was deflected off a pitcher's face, he can't catch a break
when it warms up
It's not warm either
no he squared up
That..what did he think he was doing?
It hit him in the side of the jaw
Look how far it ricocheted, had it dropped straight he'd be in a world more hurt
https://mediadownloads.mlb.com/mlbam/mp4/2018/04/11/1928237383/1523485543316/asset_2500K.mp4

Full vid
https://twitter.com/MLBdream/status/984196031272423425
This is peak male performance
Yeah it ricocheted all the way to 1b lol
Statcast says 106mph
Damn, walked off and wasn't spitting up blood
You really don't
XLR mics are more professional, but streaming has brought those mics more to the forefront, AT2020/2035 are quite popular
it's less of a 'know how' more of a 'has more free time to spend listening to music'
now?
gear in his pic is a bit more expensive than yours..
Because better competition and no classes
Eh, speakers are better than headphones.
lofi
Park becoming Serra is the weirdest commercial jingle change ever.
I think he's safe
most have leather
They leave out the part where 60% of them broke, and you could kill the first gen ones immediately by plugging a balanced headphone and an SE headphone in at the same time
Right click ultimate, god that's risky
What's colder?

The Temperature? Or the Bats.
Unless it was Liquid Carbon, in which case tire fire
Gonna be 70 this coming weekend and then drop to 40 on Monday. 
Not a very high bar all things considered. 
I really thought it was either warning track power or off the wall.
If Alex released it it'd be $3000 like Crimson
I mean...

I'm in it, but usually idle and no one else uses it
I hope they stop changing the goddamned renders
> our Oline sucks

huh?
He throws middle out?
I was more implying I didn't care about the Indians record in April lol
Meh, Cavs are more important right now anyway
It's only game 7 lol
So replace Lonnie or Zimmer?  I don't mind Lonnie, he has his moments. 
which positions would you replace?
but why
wow our offense is bad
lmao wtf
?
holy fuck that was so close
I'm more annoyed they got down that far to begin with
so close
If the Cavs could stop getting down by 30 they'd have won this game
Tell that to most of the NBA
It's not cedi's fault
No, the cavs lost themselves the game
I'm getting flashbacks to last night
Sounds like the wiz
Hi guys, I got busy and missed most of the game.

Looks like it's one of them good ol no defense games huh
I imagine the Celtics new staff has a little more trepidation than their old staff too.
Kyrie's injuries have been mostly freak injuries like Embiid though
Yeah, r/nfl is far less homoerotic surprisingly
oic i missed that meme
he did?
LBJ decided he didn't want to lose and he just had his way on the game
what a fucking game
CEDI IS A HERO
Yeah, I haven't watched his stream only seen him play with others.
Yes! His name escaped me and I was just watching him like 2 days ago play with Tim
I don’t think they care. 
should complain in r/baseball
He needs to play Fortnite with the dude from the Twins
Hoyer hadn't thrown a TD in 3 games
For what it's worth, you're assuming that the coaching staff was good to QB's who didn't know anything.
Well the only person in the QB room was Hoyer who is by all accounts a giant asshole
Shrug, he's still good
damn that was a long game
ZMac should be able to go 2 innings
Bauer's been getting ready the past 2 innings
Don't we have Belisle?
I know, that's why I'm asking.

I thought we had more RP's left
So don't we have more RP's left or are we actually down to Bauer/Cookie?
MAKE IT END ALREADY
>enjoy

 lol
fuck hoyer

I wanted manziel too with how Hoyer was playing
cookie
This is the game that never ends..
And pretty much every game he played for us he got hurt
FUCK JOSH TOMLIN

Okay, I feel better.
was expecting manningface
I just want a fixed one.

I want a 'Clear' version of the Utopia, aka an upgraded/updated one.

And with a nicer cable.
..what
Meh. Give me a fixed Utopia please.
Doubtful, they only sell a couple 'high end' headphones
Please be there at 33
Lol they aren't utopia killers
Back to back strikeouts right down the middle.
Is it a hot take if I've been saying fuck Tomlin for 3 years?
It's a normal start for Tomlin.
Goddamn Tomlin is trash. I've said it for years and yet he continues to disappoint yearly.
Back to regularly scheduled Tomlin I see.
LARRY DREW PUT SOME RESPEK ON THAT NAME
So Raps are just letting LBJ switch onto PG's and then zero help defense comes and the PG just gets trucked
And Lowry just like walked away at the end of it
Did he just walk away from his assignment right next to the hoop??
RIP
JR what are you doing
Clarkson a little too eager
A slightly more consistent JR
refs stopped caring
Probably because he saw that thescore thing saying the cavs were 6th best in the NBA behind raps and sixers
There's a reason he had to pass the ball lol
Calderon is +22 wtf
You're crazy.
so they say, though they'd have to trade him if they actually want to trade up for a QB, 31 and 23 are garbo
Bills will have a much much much better offer though?
It is when he needs a new contract
I fell asleep at 6-0 and will probably fall asleep during this game
no clue
the rose colored glasses are out in full effect today
How would you even prove who was driving?
I don't know how you guys can rose colored glasses his time in Cleveland, he was an awful fielder, awful baserunner, and awful at the plate.
Wasn't very good before the suspension though either.
HE'S GONE
But I mean isn't the main difference between the 203 and 205 the 'improved' DAC?
My kitty thankfully doesn't shed too bad
Goddamn that's bright
What makes it better than getting a regular blu ray player and a DAC?
I feel like you're better off getting a cheaper bluray player and getting an actual DAC than you are getting an expensive blu ray player with a sabre dac
All of OPPO Digital's products are being discontinued and the company will only support warranties from this point forward.
New commander idea..gonna be fun
Quality is rapidly improving in wireless audio
For the $400 cost, and wanting portable.  IMO the WH1000MX2 is a much better travel can.
Huh, odd.
Since when does Spotify use AAC?
I wasn't a fan of PM-3 (or Ether C).  Portable closed back's at their price are kinda a niche within a niche and they didn't sound good enough to warrant high acclaim.
Sister company, not going anywhere
407' over yonder
OPPO Digital was the US arm of OPPO afaik
but why
I think he's just rusty, and he was never that good
>meldoy
I just realized both of our last inside the park hr's have come from the upton brothers..
Yes I have heard multiple pairs.

And modded pairs.
he hit one in 07?!
I'll fight anyone on this.

I am a long known 1060 hater.

They sound horrible and no level of mods can make them sound better than other things in their price range.
Too bad it still doesn't make them a worthwhile purchase.
Ori pads were wonderful on THX00

Balanced everything out and sounded great.
I have to imagine they've been bleeding money for a while
The best? Probably QC35 or WH1000MX2
Yeah but you can't totally ignore team-specific needs.
IMO people make too big a deal about soundstage, I value imaging more than staging and the x00 is just so much nicer at everything else than the x2 that it doesn't really bother me.
I didn't really feel the X00 was that cramped on stage with better pads
Does the Solo have any way to set 'fixed' line out? Or is it only Variable?

Gotta figure out what volume pot level is 2vrms
To me, the Z1R sounds weird as fuck.

The bass sounds like a muffled subwoofer 20ft from your head
I'm glad this ump's incompetence didn't fuck us over
The day you hear a high end tube will ruin you. Like an iha-1.
what
and NFL doesn't build megastars?
They don't like to hear that amps aren't transparent. Either.
Have you heard it?
jfc ichiro
Yes
To piggy back off this comment, it's *mostly* true.

The biggest upgrades come from your headphones, but you can still make big upgrades with your amp/dac that will make the headphones sound much nicer.
There's hifi audio stores that exist that let you do that kinda thing.

Depends on your location.

You likely haven't hit a wall and you will continue to develop appreciation for better headphones, sometimes it's just not super immediate.
IMO you don't have the gear to make the 650 really shine.

But better headphones don't really become apparent until you go back to bad ones and go 'wow this sounds awful'
Uhh..no, 660s is only marginally better than the rest of the HD6*0 series.
I won't look back at them with a smile
And?

There's still millions of incandescents in the wild
> Who uses incadescent bulbs anymore?

Really?
same
That last 5 minutes was vintage Cavs.

Everyone stand around and watch LeBron.

God I hate that offense.
I hate when LBJ ISO is the play for the last 10 minutes of the game
I only turned in just now.

Have we been missing wide open layups all game?
He doesn't look right at all.

Players play all the time with concussions
1-9 and 0-6 from 3 there's no way he should be playing
Why can't they stay healthy for more than 1 game?
.
And what are you going to do about it?
I honestly don't know that we have the kind of money to pay him
It was even better to see edwin get a hit
Lol no
EGon will get traded
It is
OUR WORST TEAM WAS BETTER THAN YOUR WORST TEAM
It'll be a disaster because no one knows how to fucking tackle
Josh Gordon
Slider seems to be working well
>elite

Joe Flacco isn't a Bengal
He's asking how many first round picks would those QB's fetch in a trade
Yes it was
130 targets
No one thought it was to the level it is.
What reputation?
How does drunk you get so drunk that he spends that much money on an official jersey?
4 days early?
8-6
Lue had come around to starting Nance
I NEED AN ADULT
You sure that's not just when the Browns are playing?
almost time
I have a worse arm than Chad Pennington
Durant and Co have also had en entire season of starting.

Our Starting 5 has had like a month
Even Tyrod can't fuck that up
Gordons' an RFA
no?
Can they afford to do that for 3 players? I guess they're lucky Goff won't have to be paid for a few more years
Kessler and hogan will be both cut.
Glass houses.
Celebration GOAT
NYXL without Meko in the fight look lost
game 7 of the finals?
Not here too..
TT is in rip
I wanted so badly to ship both of them off
I haven't

Am 27
I never thought I'd see the day Joe Harris scored 20 pts in a half
postseason's a different animal though
OH GOOD GOSH
Good bot
But then you're taking Public transport in Oakland after a 7pm game
Wonder what you'd pay in parking
how
Big muscles and no launch angle.
Don't know.

He was going to be pulled that inning anyway and I haven't heard anything, think he's day to day
dropping like flies
That's at least 3 in a week? Carrasco then Madbum then Sale?
I had to re-post cause bot
LEARN 2 FORMAT PLS
Mickie was serviceable on Winston
He still hasn't fixed that? That's why none of us wanted him back.
Why do you hurt me so
What's our starting 5 gonna look like?

Hill, Korver, LBJ, Love, Nance?

Not really sure who we're supposed to be starting at SG with everyone healthy/here
TT gets outplayed by a wooden stick
Wow. I appreciate the dedication to such a long post to a topic that was deleted from the main page.

As someone without the backstory or any sort of investment into the movie before seeing it it definitely appeared as just another movie. 

Good to know there's a lot of subtlety in these Marvel movies for that.  

I do think that the 'ditching the community' is a common trend regardless of race.  A lot of us I'm sure wouldn't think twice about ditching where we live and the people we know if we suddenly got rich.
woo first round
Do black people have a different view of the movie than white people?
The movie was awful though? The pacing was really bad, action scenes were all packed together and the rest of it was slow.
Yeah I'm not sure what Seagull/Mickie were supposed to do when chips walked right past SBB and got deleted
Oasis was so so bad
It *really* doesn't have the intended effect
good
SLANDER
Would be an interesting redemption story
Sure, regime that he melted down with is long gone
I think they'd sign both
Gordon is an RFA

Tyrod's gone.

Landry/Duke should get resigned.

BBC is meh.
We have a better GM now
Guice pls
And technique can be taught/refined, Garrett's burst can't
wtf
I've seen so many servers who get some weird joy out of doing it to someone who reaaaallly doesn't want it
2018 browns season
I want Allen to go 3.

Darnold/Chubb/Allen/PROFIT
CHUBB CHUBB CHUBB CHUBB
I tried.

I use IRC daily.
I do
Whenever I duo'd or triple queued I climbed like crazy, I was only good enough to drag a team to 3100-3200~.

I haven't played since S5 though
drugs do that
Right but that's literally all the frats at my school did.
DO IT
Much change in those 2 years
I don't drink
Depends on the school, frats at my school were just excuses to get drunk.

Not about that life.
And then a good target for Darnold if Juice leaves
A Colts fan who actually wants to keep Luck upright?!
Browns got rid of Shelton because he didn't fit the scheme so you want to replace him with another NT that doesn't fit the scheme?

Also can't see them taking an LT at 12 with bigger needs
First I've heard we're in on him.
Joe Thomas?
Hood's not been much, TT is useless, Cedi's the only contributor
welp
And that was sans Nance/Korver
tbf WoW takes some specs at ultra
Already been posted m8
TBH if I were there I'd probably take my own notes to see how horrible I am at scouting vs a real scout
Apparently it's not resonating as well with the subreddit.
Holy shit is it really
Umm..
Only few quarterbacks ever ascend to helicopter
click the tweet.
They paused the pro day until it started to rain
They are going to give Shon Coleman his shot this year, since LT is his natural position
Hue has a fire hose attached to the hydrant 'CAN YOU THROW IT NOW SAM'
Supposedly he was also there when they worked out Rosen/had dinner with him
I'm sure Haslam's curious about the possible face of his franchise..
For Browns

RB

WR

LT

S(FS/SS)

LB
Crowell is gone so I expect a better running game
Depends who is available at 4

Nelson isn't the pick.
Even for that 5th year option?
I could see the pats taking a QB
Buffalo/Cleveland trade is unrealistic, 12 to 4 is both 22 and 12 if not more.
Bro Hoyer forgot how to football
He'd have to re-learn how to football because he's always played dangerous
Especially with the way he plays/tackles
we're still doing this?
Well we don't need OL or S this year
and 5 LT's
what a shock
:(
TIL
Without being targeted 140 times his numbers are just meh overall.

He doesn't play his size, he plays smaller.
Because he's actually not better.

rate stats are the same, he wasn't peppered with targets this time.
I mean if we trade back with Bills I could see them taking a WR at 1.21 if there's a good one that fell.

Or an RB to get that 5th year
That QB Room of Bridgewater, McCown, Hackenberg tho
Can't see them using 2.1 on an OT
You're an idiot
If we don't trade down we're probably not drafting RB so your point would be moot.

Saquan isn't the pick at 4
I only see them going WR if they trade back from 4, then they might use 2.1 or the third first on WR
Like if we draft Ward at 4 'but he would've been there at x' well we have 4.
Bills are not a playoff contender starting AJ Macaroon
You wouldn't trade #4  for 12, 21, and 2019 1st?
Browns take Darnold, Giants take Barkley, Jets take Allen/Mayfield
god i hope they take barkley
In our dream world Nelson/Barkley goes #2
That scenario is assuming the QB they want is there.
Draft is a month away and I'm already tired of hearing about it.

Christ.
Overdrafting Ward 3-4 spots too high is not really that big of a deal
The question is, is there a player worth drafting at that spot for a position of need?
How do you know Coleman is not as good as the prospects in the first round?  There's more pressing needs than LT IMO
Nah I think he's the best CB in the draft
I don't want the browns to draft An offensive tackle in the first two rounds.
No way Browns trade up for an OT when we have Shon Coleman
Browns have a LT on the roster they're going to give every chance to. Shon Coleman played LT in college at auburn. I can't see them taking an OT that early especially when the other 4 positions are locked down.
Did you miss the fact he's a Bill
Top 5 lol
Sign Hankins, Draft Ward.
COME TO CLEVELAND
They aren't amazing in terms of sound quality but they're the best noise cancelling you can get.

I prefer the Sony simply on a features basis but they're pretty equal.
I don't want him pls no
k
He meant the Bills have two picks to trade
OL RB and coach
Depends if he can name the scent
How is Allen even remotely on your board at all, he's the worst of the bunch
Read my other comment, it never clicked in my head that the jets were #6
I didn't realize it was #6 to #3 and my comment is stupid now
I doubt we trade down anyway
They *NEED* a QB
Everyone knew the Colts didn't want that pick
I still think Giants are taking Nelson or Rosen
That's..really cheap
Playing out of position
Doubtful
He'll be LT, he was auburn's LT
I'm not sure why people thought that a LT wasn't going to play LT
who?
16
No, you might've misunderstood my comment.

All the teams vying for his services (Giants/Browns/Pats/Texans)

All had great healthcare systems.

Just thought that was an interesting tidbit.
Almost every team that was in on him had some fantastic hospitals lol.
Man I did that drive for like 4 months, fucking sucks.
nor grammatically

>stupider
oboi
This just in, coach hypes up his player
why would there be a competition
I'll take all the reliable hands we can get
Tyrann fucked his **STEP**daughter
Tyrod's a lock
Would love it
I'm assuming we cut him because he's garbage
Grats on doing nothing!
Mack or Dawson
I think Coleman will start the year at LT
My point wasn't related to my flair though
Please no
Steelers too
I think only the first 3 are worth a first
Matheiu can play more than just FS
?
And how do you know he doesn't want to be somewhere?
With the additions we made, and a good draft I could easily see them doing well next year.

We're on the upswing of the rebuild.  You can sign guys like Suh now.
That's some expensive depth
No they're pretty flush with rollover space right now
too many of these
That's not even a contest
She's been really good since she started covering entire AFCN.
hard pass
Standard cali team
I can see why we backed out
GREGG WILLIAMS

+

NDAKMUKONG SUH

A MATCH MADE IN HEAVEN
He's awful!
no
>Culture of winning

FUCK
that's..cheap?
Would be nice to get our QB and his LT
>ruining
I don't have names but I've been told it's a strong OT class in 2019
Because we have a pair of guards signed through 2021 who are top5
Is there even an LT worth taking at 12?
No we don't
You're gonna take a guy at 4 who has never played tackle?
Would be nice to pick up one more defensive back (Mathieu?)
I wouldn't want to take nelson at 4, i'd rather trade back or take chubb
Darnold and Chubb
Can he play CB/SS?
LBJ retiring will be a much bigger deal for basketball, as much as this sucks
Bitonio is undersized for LT
no
What a fucking awful day to have a pro day
If Giants take Barkley don't you think you guys would trade down?
duh?
Oh, Okay. 

I thought this was just the last year of GTD
I'm simply saying it's one season relax.

Remember Nick Foles?
You guys didn't expect him back?
Could? Sure.

Anything's possible.
Solder?
McDaniels
I'm not
Tyrod's not technically in his last year iirc
I don't get the meteoric Wentz hype.  Especially after we saw how explosive Philly's offense was with Foles at the helm as well.

Carr had a similar amount of hype, seems people just always want to anoint the next big thing before the current 'big thing' has stepped away.
That game was awesome
We play 10 yards off the WR
But NFL DL's are a lot better
Isn't Hyde a Veteran?
But Albright's a hack?!
I mean, I can't see a world where Hoyer's better than AJ
at least 2 years? Man, at his age, you should be worrying about brady on a game to game basis not a year to year basis
I heard they want to get rid of Taylor
Nate Solder would be a big name FA
relax
no me
COME TO PAPA
>Chubb

lol
Nelson is our dream pick for the Giants to do
So weird to see Aditi with Browns news instead of Steelers
We have the envious spot at the 4th pick that we never have.

Where we'll have our QB and our pick of the best player in the draft as well
If Giants take Barkley Colts will trade out
I think the Giants have to think long and hard about taking a QB at 2
they're gonna trade up to 2 or 3
How is that fucking us over? We get a QB and either a kings ransom or a really fucking good player
Yeah but I mean leaks as well
Neither is Pryor
I expect any announcements to be on Wednesday
Don't see Josh coming back
woof
If we can land a FA CB then I'm all aboard Chubb if Colts pass
4 becoming 12 22 and next year's 1st is too good to pass
The Pryor obsession is nothing more than OSU bias
We have a plethora of choices.
He's done
That Jay Cutler guy really likes football though.
B R O W N S 
Guess Landry doesn't like football either
players
Pls sign him.

Ogbah + Suh + Garrett obaby
Gotta get B A R K L E Y
But what if it's not the QB they want at 4
Tampering period
Report a few hours ago said we were hot on the hunt for ARob
Oh, for some reason I glossed over TE's
>LA

meh
inb4 6 in a row
the chief?
AR15 PLS
https://twitter.com/BrendanLeister/status/973240883041767424
Can't Minkah play CB
Tampering period is dumb
Or apparently we are moving that GB CB to FS
Vikings would cry
This eliminates any idea of trading for Honey Badger as well I guess
Does this mean no honey badger? :(
Honey Badger?
Remember last offseason? he was GOSPEL
Am I the only one who isn't upset that Lane is going away
God Damn.
He’s still on rookie deal
I come back every so often because I'm bored, there's no good FPS's around to play right now.
I tried to come back a few months ago, played 2 days and was like 'what the fuck is all of this?!'
What 'evidence' are you looking for? I don't want to live with someone over 7 years younger than me. I don't care what you do, I was talking about myself.
You know you can take a screenshot right
I'm 27 myself and can't fathom being in a relationship with someone who wasn't even legal to drink
I'm 27 o fuk
Clearly only in it for the money, look at his attitude, gosh.
we are?
Tyrod can currently be cut after this year with no dead cap
lol
Actually I don't see us going after WR's anymore. Think they'll stick with what they have now

How did they go all in by trading for a bridge QB, a #2 WR, and a CB?
Wot
I'd be surprised if they took it down

wtf
And we'd sign them because...

I'd take ARob out of that group, but not for whatever 'near max' is
I like to at least be able to put my hands in my pocket when it's freezing
I hide in my car when it's 20 or below or 60mph winds.

Because fuck standing there while that thing slowly pumps 13 gallons of gas.

Let alone if I had a truck or anything with a bigger tank
>280

Did you mean to say 380
Well..they do
YouTube just complying with dmca
wtf?
I aimed with my wrist all growing up playing CSS and everything.

I try to use my arm and i always end up with my wrist
Hey man, Browns just need their Tito
I mean..

If you weren't a shitty boyfriend then that'd be the case..?
To be fair Intel's 8 cores are a little different than AMD's
I paid $229 for one of these in Jan at  MC
I bought the 1080ti for myself when I upgraded from a 1070 and bought the 1060 for my kinda-gamer gf
garlicpool gui at 16 intensity i'm getting 6500~ at 2050 core
fix the stitching too
I feel like i'm incredibly in the minority here with my 1080ti and 1060 lol
omegle
They use more power than you're gaining in GRLC
I turn down mem clock all the way possible in afterburner and then power to 50%
https://garlicpool.org/ has a gui miner
you're rich
nosry
1.1MHash/s
I'm getting 1100 with SHA and all 16 cores
Youtube needs 2 cores??
No no, I know that, what I mean is maybe I'll have to give up the gui miner.  Unless they update it with this cpu miner.
No I'm using whatever the garlicpool gui miner was using, maybe i'll have to do manual batch files
Whatever Garlicpool's GUI miner is.  If the new one is double speed of that one then it might actually be energy efficient to mine on the cpu now.

95w for 500KH wasn't very efficient before
My R7-1700 is getting 40 KH/s per core on the garlicpool miner, what's your 1500 pulling per core?
Hmm, my R7-1700 was getting 40KH/s per core
What's your hash rate?
[Here](https://i.imgur.com/jcNz9OM.png)'s an example of when aux heat kicks on
I never venture outside of North Canton for a reason
Doesn't look like your aux kicked on at all
When you look at your history it'll have a light orange and then a deep burnt orange.

Light = Heat pump

Dark = Aux
My Aux heat cost me a fortune in Dec/Jan with it in Balanced mode.  I have it turned off now, so I'm curious what my next bill will look like.
Even Balanced causes aux heat to kick on way too fucking much
Aux heat will cause a huge bill (my last bill was $212 for 700sqft at 68F in OH)
I was using garlicpool's GUI miner, not sure if i can force an intensity change
7000? I'm getting 6500 with my TI @ 2050mhz
0.39S/s is what my dashboard says
2050/6000 but the memory seems to run at 5500 mining.
My 1080ti is at 6600 kH/s
Is that where they use the colorful tide pods?
So never?
sp00ky
I mean I've had it start that way but the sheets get thrown off pretty quick lol
He can learn to shoot
Bro I have a 1080ti and had a 5820k and never even came close to 500w use.

Mining on my 1700 + 1080ti is 340w

Edit: [Proof](https://i.imgur.com/satUQXz.png)
Yeah but he's got Korver now
It's nice but I'm not sure I agree with 'classiest'
IMO the schedule really isn't that bad.
Bought AMD bracket for H100i from /u/justanotherinftp
Sold Z270 + 6700k combos to /u/turk-fx
No one said offense.

He said how to be a professional QB.
That doesn't mean they actually taught anything
Even fakes being sick to watch GoT
Cavs pre-trade/Cavs post-trade
Dahntay "Enforcer" Jones
Clarkson is gonna be a stud with LBJ
0/10 severe lack of peyton
 But there's no Rice.
Koby said something about LBJ going through leaguepass and telling him about the players lol
Also gets to see his family in Akron
IT is not healthy
Worth
Honestly given who they replaced they are already light years better lol
Delly really wasn't though
That was his hashtag on his instagram post today
Well he was born in Akron and his dad's jersey is in the rafters..
I believe he's SG in name, but I've seen him play SF as well
Cedi can play SF and SG, they'll find him minutes.
I think this gives Nance a ton of motivation given his fathers jersey is retired
If the Warriors make it to the finals*
They never asked, it was never going to come up.
He chestbumped someone right after Cedi though
No he was traded elsewhere and bought out and signed with GSW
I agree, but it would've been nice.
Dumped Shump, but kept JR/TT, so..still meh
No it's just a pom
They're also incredibly annoying dogs.
Well yeah it's cinnamon butter
His dad would have to give him permission
Sorry Kevin, 20 and 10 just isn't good enough
Get RES and there's a little tag button next to the username
>Jason La Canfora liked

Well, that was the beginning of the end.
Yes.  He's ultra cheap and easily cuttable.

Only 1.8m in dead cap if you cut him this year.
I'm just saying it's more about the system than the actual coaching.

He was horrific outside of Chip's system and he didn't do well until Doug and Frank sat down and studied the film and then implemented those schemes he did well with.

He's a very narrow QB
It's not coaching it's system.

He needs a very specific system/style of offense to do well.
Let's not kill him now.
Until Gordon came back and every play was force the ball to Josh
I like having a job
Thinkpads were great...when they weren't Lenovo.
IBM Notes is fully supported and in development.
It doesn't have a gaming GPU lol, it has a 1050.
Browns fans wanted Bill lynched for benching Bernie
Well technically mine is a consumer product (XPS 15)
> Enterprise Support (run by IBM).

Fuck. That.

IBM support is horrible (Last company used fucking IBM Notes)
I hate dealing with these X1 Carbons honestly.  Don't like them at all.
I'll pass on the OL prospect with 2.33
no
I was so sad we didn't color rush
Fair.  My XPS 15 was a unique purchase for IT.
The power users we give x1 carbons to (why? IDK)

And now we have a cheaper Dell option that's like $1k with the full 4 year warranty.

I prefer the nicer laptops as they tend to last longer and just work overall nicer than cheaper ones.

I am trying to get the execs to give up their lenovo lovefest.
I mean my laptop was $1900, MBPr wouldn't've been that much more.

I did consider buying one briefly.
I have no idea how she got a mac.  I think it's because she's pretty cute and sits in a half cube across from the CEO's Office in direct LOS
0
Nah the other vendors have finally caught up
We have ONE mac.  Fucking Marketing.
Strongly disagree
Fuller is 22 and already an amazing CB
Browns OL is much better than the Redskins OL m8
I'd take Washington's offer
There's nothing useful in this tweet though
How is this getting the scoop wrong? It's the same scoop
I mean..that doesn't make MKC wrong?  They tried to get Alex Smith, how far the deal got was never something that came up.
FUCK THE EAGLES
2nd and 4th is decent
STRAP HIM IN
Yeah I got 2x16GB DDR4-3200 a while back and looked up the price now and almost had a heart attack
Hi, sorry for the delay.

I'd be open to selling one separate, but I'd prefer to sell it as a bundle with the mobo
So far I'm pretty happy with the Forticlient AV, I'm still in the middle of deployment though.  

We don't use them on the servers, just users.  

We use trend micro for the hypervisor AV
Good luck finding someone willing to ship first :)
I'm not questioning your rep.  I just don't think it's the best way of going about sending money online to people you don't know is all.
>bank wire

Why would you ever do this
Is it even thawed
pm's
This is the hard hitting news I was waiting for
Do we really need this posted every day? There's at least two posts a day with 'omg joe's retiring'
Price check SP4 i5-128-4 with or without signature type cover
https://twitter.com/Ken_Rosenthal/status/956665925465526272

Rosenthal implies that's not it
Neither of the teams in the super bowl have stud rbs
And cowboys.
That's a long text message?
Looking to buy a PS4 pro with HZD.. What kinda price am i looking at? $300? $350?
First I've heard of anyone claiming temps rising
CLE/Independence
Truest statement on this subreddit
size of the country
Haha I went from the S2716dg to an AOC AG352UCG and was considering this as well, tough choices.
Myles? No?
Disagree.

He got lucky getting to 7-4 and we came back to reality when Hoyer forgot how to football
Then Hoyer forgot how to be a quarterback and sucked so bad he got replaced by a rookie not ready to play
Where in OH?
They tailor the gameplan to Smith's strengths being accurate short.  Deep throws are..questionable.
It doesn't really happen
god i hate that measurement system
I think Cousins is their moonshot, it's a perfect fit and we have the money, if it doesn't work you move to plan B which is #1 pick
I think the QB Room will be Vet/Kizer/Rookie
Given how much I've seen single people tweet about something, no I don't think it's that large of a sample size
500k tweets is a real small sample size
I really thought it was some falcon/cardinal logo
Uh...ew
We get it
Over/Under number of tweets from Donald Trump during the game: 3.5

Holy shit that's tough
We've never had a top flight QB prospect outside of Couch
He said 'top half' 
U C F
wot
no
>no major holes

You do realize Foles under current contract needs to be traded next year right?
Lol wtf
And money, his agent sees a truck of money
When did he say that?
He already said it has nothing to do with what the team does
Could be why he wasn't hired
Hmm..

Thanks.  I'm probably not going to sell it since I just got the cooler/bracket for it.

Don't think it's worth the extra cost/hassle to try to sell and then get a titan XP
Price check on my 1080TI FE

And then with the A40 Ultimate + Kraken G12 on it instead of the shitty FE cooler.
family issue is what's being reported
Or 'Jag' or just 'Ja'
doubtful
We were in the red zone a lot m8
He said he would multiple times if the dude was experienced
No
lol
Not sure how tough our schedule really is.

Tampa/Oakland/Houston/KC are all question marks IMO.

Tough should be Pitt/NO/LAC/Car/ATL

I think Bengals/Ravens games are a tossup, Denver is gonna be starting a rookie, Jets are always winnable.
Boo it doesn't exist
this didn't age well
Feels like the Vikes were looking past this game to the superbowl
Bought A40 Ultimate from /u/Reaper_Tech
Sold an Anne Pro to /u/Afteraffekt 
I wanted Love but he went back to school so Guice
Or you can just draft the QB you want
Because he might not be there at 2 or 5
OR you just take baker at 1
Except most carriers have unlimited Data...
Do you have away-assist on?
a QB
Cleveland's not a grade A destination, all he's saying is the Dolphins are trash as well
I mean we have no beef or anything w/r/t the pirates..
so angsty, relax, smoke some more
Or you could just not smoke daily..
>smoke daily

Mm, everyone I know who did that in uni is..not doing so well now.
CC :(
I really doubt that
Fwiw I got a deal on a Cryorig a40 ultimate from a friend so I'm just gonna move my h100i to the 1080ti and run the A40 on the 5820k assuming the h100i plays nicely with the g12

Time to go fully overkill with a pair of 240mm rads.
I still have such a hard time believing all of that.
> Hue jackson with similar talent (probably more if you really want to break it down) couldn't win a wildcard game. 

Well lets give him similar talent and find out
Steelers seem to have some impending 'culture issues' though
2018 and we're taking a picture of a computer screen
He's had health issues and he formally retired
I think if they tag him again he's 100% out next year but we'll have drafted an RB by then
He has zero reason to not at least talk to Dorsey
Arians is done
But you can advocate for Prison Reform AND also advocate for the death penalty
Less injury prone too
Only to be replaced by PAT SHURMUR

have fun
Jeff Garcia played well enough that the Browns decided they didn't need Big Ben..
Otto Graham and Bill Belichick
> Last year was a disaster for him, but he still has that HC experience that will be crucial if/when Hue is canned mid-season.

Hue's not getting fired give up
A guy who coached Rodgers/Favre can't be all bad.
And we have a much better OL than NYG