He's already part of a group trying to make a white ethnostate in the Ozarks, and he's beating the crap out of black people. I think he's already at the level of the Aryan nation. 
If you're savvy enough to install the Pixel camera APK then OP cameras are pretty great. You're at the mercy of random devs though. 
Honestly, everything from 3 and on are great, mechanically. 1 and 2 are the rough ones, especially 1. I wouldn't be concerned about skipping around between them or which is the best gameplay wise. However, the story in 4 is probably the best of the "modern" ones. 1 is considered to have the best story overall, but the gameplay is very rough around the edges. 
It happens with a long of dongles. And my portable DAC/Amp when used with my P1XL. It's so frustrating that there's no way I'm getting a phone without a jack as long as this persists. For example, I recent went to a headphone convention with my portable DAC/Amp and rebooted my phone around 25 times over a 3 hour period because it kept disconnecting. 
I've never had an issue with either. I guess I just don't generate much pocket fluff. 
I've never had the type C port clogged on my 6P or P1XL, but there's definitely a post on this sub about it at least once a week, sometimes with pictures of all the crap they pulled out of it. 
So I have a huge problem uploading songs. They often fail then it won't let me cancel and try again for ages. Know any way around that? My internet connection at home is rock solid, so I don't know what the problem is. 
That was most likely the hardware. The older models (like what I had) had an actual HDD and were pretty error prone. On the bright side, there were solid state conversion kits on ebay. 
That can even power my DT 990 250ohm. By the way, what are you doing where you can listen to open back headphones on the go? I have pair of DT 770 32ohm (closed back) for work so I don't annoy the shit out of my coworkers. 
>Some people think smartphone manufacturers cheap out when they select the amplifier/DAC chips these days.

A lot definitely do. It's very apparent in the amp since they often don't get that loud at max volume with a decent set of headphones, where as my old ipod 4th gen could power them without issue. The DAC varies wildly by manufacturer, but you'll find shit DACs in some flagships too. 
There's nothing shitty about making fun of Nazis. Nothing at all. 
I took a break from SRD that day. The sticky made me laugh but I only made it a few comments deep before I had had too much. Bravo mods, you beat me. 
Bro, non Nazis definitely have the moral high ground on Nazis. And there's nothing delusional about not wanting to use bigoted slurs to describe those you're making fun of, it's just being a decent person. 
I don't think drama brigades any more than your average meta sub. They're still awful for different reasons though. 
>Also absolutely terrifying in many aspects.

The department store, man. It's been years and that one still stands out. 
[Remind me of this.](https://thenib.imgix.net/usq/443fa8d8-3483-410a-aa7b-4fec8ce150fb/radical-centrism-101-2-c1c.png?auto=compress,format&cs=srgb&_=c1c2bc3d3c6c9c203a84a0d6bc79704a)

[From this comic.](https://thenib.com/radical-centrism-101) 


>california? what say you? 

We have a jungle primary and he won't come close to making it on the general. In fact, we didn't even have a Republican on the ballot last senatorial election, it was Kamala Harris against a more centrist Dem, and Harris obviously won. 
And a little later, Math Blaster.

Edit: and Super Solvers: Treasure Mountain. And even better, Super Solvers: Gizmos and Gadgets. 
You have 2 options.

1. Factory reset.

2. RMA, in which they will require you to factory reset before you send it in, and your data is going to be wiped anyway.

So factory reset your phone and if that doesn't work RMA it.
Condemned: Criminal Origins is kinda like this. It's a 1st person brawler/shooter horror/mystery game where you're a police officer accused of a murder and running from the cops while chasing the real murderer to prove your innocence. You have some crime scene investigation tools and someone in forensics is helping you without the department knowing. Everything also gets tangled up in a larger mystery where the homeless are going insane and attacking people. 

It's heavy on the horror and the combat is brutal, seeing that you'll be using a table leg, rebar, the door of a locker, or just whatever else is on the ground as a weapon far more often than a gun, which is more of a last resort weapon in this game since ammo is so rare. Weapons bend, splinter, and break, so you just grab what's at hand and use it.

Great game, by the way. I highly recommend it. 
Same for all the Pixels. What you have to do, if you have the confidence, is get one of the screen protectors where you have to apply and cure the adhesive. It's currently the only way to get a decent screen protector on a curved glass phone (which is most of them). 
I thought it was quite some time before to discourage downvote trolls (people that would compete for the most downvotes). But my memory sucks so oh well.
Grab an ad blocking browser like Brave or Firefox (which you can get ublock for) and just listen to YouTube music in desktop mode. 
Max actual negative karma per post is -10, yet positive karma is unlimited. A single shitpost on /r/askreddit/rising can fuel an asshole poster for a few days. 
That's what happens when thy get linked to all the anti hate subs. 
The thread was linked here and to anti hate subs. Votes changed accordingly. 
>I'm not having sex

Fixed for accuracy. 
Thanks for the explanation, that clears things up. 
I can't even look at these ironically, the cringe is just too strong. 
Not even a single OwO, 6/10. 
What is "we live in a society" from and why is "Veronica" a thing? I'm normally up on my memes making fun of "Gamers", but I'm totally lost. 
Half a mooch. 
For me that thing crashes constantly, sometimes doesn't pop up and I have to manually activate it, and will pop up randomly when I'm not listening to music at all. Honestly, I don't know if using it is worse than not having lock screen/notifications controls at all. 
/r/selfawarewolves 
He still believes in Jungian archetypes, which most people in his field have moved on from. 
Oh, I meant the user, not JP. 
>Umm, could somebody tell this guy that humans don't actually go into heat?

Wanna know how I know this guy is an incel? Jesus, I can't even fathom how detached from reality these people are. 
Assume the best of your SO and things tend to go smoothly.
https://media.giphy.com/media/iGGHjzCxell2o/giphy.gif
Unfortunately, it really doesn't when they know a 3rd party will never be a real threat. What does push the big parties around is running in their own primaries and directly competing for their voters. This is what Sanders did that had decent success and what the Tea Party did that had a lot of success. 

Disclaimer: I'm a progressive and want more left wing representatives. We have to do this pragmatically until we can get enough representatives on our side to change our voting system to something akin to ranked choice, where voting 3rd party isn't a total waste. We do this by running as Dems or pushing our Dem reps to support our cause. Because really, the Republicans don't give a shit.
Dude high on PCP chasing a couple guys in a car.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GsfAn4ejg1o

Sound required.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GsfAn4ejg1o

Watch with sound.
*And catching up with the car*
http://nymag.com/selectall/2017/12/qanon-4chan-the-storm-conspiracy-explained.html
http://nymag.com/selectall/2017/12/qanon-4chan-the-storm-conspiracy-explained.html
A combination of pizzagate and thinking Trump really is a hyper intelligent Chessmaster who is fighting to save America from the evil pedophiles (who all happen to be his political opponents).

Reddit banned their original sub to placate the media, but then didn't care at all when they remade it under a different name. 

http://nymag.com/selectall/2017/12/qanon-4chan-the-storm-conspiracy-explained.html
85% catholic and they tend to be socially conservative. But the recent inaction by the Republicans may have dulled their enthusiasm for the Republican party. 
Go to https://www.reddit.com/r/all/ instead of just https://www.reddit.com.
You forgot the "God will protect me" crowd, who are the real problem group. They tend to all go to the same large church and all live near each other. This leads to outbreaks like we had here in California a few years back. 
There's a literal Nazi running for senate too. We all know he's not going to make it, but he's definitely doing it. 

http://www.rightwingwatch.org/post/theres-another-neo-nazi-running-for-congress-his-name-is-patrick-little/
> Depending on where he is running

For senate, it's statewide. He's not going to make it to the general, and there's a good chance there won't be a Republican in the general at all, just like what happened in 2016 (we had 2 Dems on the general ballot).
> 5X

A friend of mine just got his 5X back from being serviced by LG after that class action suit. Well, 1 week later and it's doing the early shutdown thing (before it was the bootloop). The service report said they replaced the whole mobo. Bravo LG for managing to screw literally everything up.
I'm a Nexus 6P to Pixel 1XL refugee. Oh no, not again.
>My goalposts haven't moved at all.

Denying something doesn't make it not true.

>So wait, if what I said wasn't true, they wouldn't be affected by crackdowns on illegal immigration. 

How does that make any sense? Did you actually read? Since we're lacking in illegal workers, *there's no one willing to take the job*. Citizens don't want it. Illegals can't take a job from someone that doesn't want it. If citizens were actually taking the jobs then that would disprove my point.

>So they get the equivalent to what my girlfriend makes working at Wells Fargo behind a desk as a bank teller. I can't imagine why they wouldn't want to do the work.

Congrats? These are jobs for uneducated people who don't even need to speak English. Ask your girlfriend how many zero education, non English speakers work in her position. Low requirements jobs pay less than high requirements jobs for the same intensity of work, and in other news water is wet.

>So... minimum wage increases are costing their employment because they cannot afford to pay people the legal minimum wage?

Now I know you didn't read, because nowhere did it say that. It says overtime laws are costing them money, not minimum wage laws. 5 years ago he had plenty of workers. They pay a good deal more than the minimum wage now because they can't even get enough illegals to take the job for that.

>More talk of illegal immigrants crossing the border to work these jobs.

Because citizens won't take them, even at above the minimum wage and with benefits, **exactly counter to your original argument**.

>You also have the problem in California where you have the majority of the population living in the major city centers and refuse to leave. It's odd that the rest of the country doesn't have the same problem with finding labor for their farms. 

Educated people don't want farming jobs. I didn't think I'd have to explain elementary concepts this entire post, but here I am.

>Also, again, [there are legal options for getting the labor supply they need.](https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/us-visas/employment/temporary-worker-visas.html)

Those people don't want these jobs, and there are limits to how many we can bring.

And you also fail to mention huge portion of the article.

>Or perhaps farms are just not a place where native-born Americans want to work. The job is seasonal, so laborers have to alternate between long stretches without any income and then months of 60-hour weeks. They work in extreme heat and cold, and spend all day bending over to reach vegetables or climbing up and down ladders to pluck fruit in trees.

>“You don’t need a deep analysis to understand why farm work wouldn’t be attractive to young Americans,” says Martin, the agriculture expert.


Education is an investment in our citizens, not necessarily something the parents need to pay for. I'd much rather have an educated, future contributor to society than someone uneducated and maybe a drain on the system when they grow up. 
And look at those goalposts fly!

You were arguing that citizens don't take the jobs because they can't apply because it went to someone being paid less than the minimum wage. You are wrong. Not only are they paying well above minimum, they offer pretty solid benefits.

Here's a good piece on what's going on.

[Wages rise on California farms. Americans still don’t want the job](http://www.latimes.com/projects/la-fi-farms-immigration/) 
I don't know about the war on terror, but the war on drugs was most definitely aimed at minorities and hippies, Nixon's opponents. Black people are arrested for possession at higher rates than white people even though the usage rate is the same. It's a systemic problem that needs to be addressed.

I wouldn't say this is "keeping white people the majority", but rather disenfranchising non whites. 
Farmers in CA are even offering insurance and retirement options, yet can't find enough workers. People just don't want to do back breaking labor in the sun all day. 
And that had incorporated dozens of Republican proposals in an effort to reach across the aisle. But facts are such stubborn things. 
Crazy how she's now a literal Nazi. 
My cousin is one and she has 2 kids. She's **super** religious. 
What drive were you using? 
/r/fatpeoplehate
You asked for an example and I gave you one. Where in the world did you come up with that this has only happened once in 15 years? You're beyond ridiculous.

>And the NFL players are not hated because of what political party they ally with. It’s over something people see as disrespectful to “America”

Which is conservative correctness, intrinsically tied to the Republican party. Notice how it's overwhelmingly one side of the political spectrum attacking them? But who am I kidding, you obviously don't notice much. 
Do you not remember the Dixie Chicks and the *insane* about of backlash they got?

How about the NFL and people kneeling? 
Literally everything you said is a lie. The Dems only had enough for a cloture vote from September 24, 2009 through February 4, 2010, about 4 months, in which they used to **pass the ACA**, something you keep denying.

Now, please go read up on the ACA before we continue, because you seem to be lacking a lot of knowledge in that area. 
What is being wavy? 
I feel you don't know enough of them. I've had too many former members couch surfing at my place when they were kicked out and cut off from all support for minor infractions. Decent people don't do that to their children, it takes a cult mentality. They also don't want them going to college, keeping them reliant on their church and family circles to further keep them from leaving. 
Wow, couldn't possibly be because the US is extremely white.

And the Dems aren't overwhelmingly white, it's about a 60/40 split. 
Go look at SRD posts on April 1st of this year, and try to find the mod post. Put on some soothing music or something first though. At first you'll laugh, then you'll cringe. So, so much cringing. 
>We don't usually imply the supreme Court when talking about "controlling all three branches."

I didn't mention the SCOTUS at all.

>Plus, the ACA is an executive order.

I believe you have some major reading to do before we continue this discussion. 
>It should be obvious that Dems are for this issue.

You'd think so, but every time this issue pops up there are always a segment of people screaming about how "those damn corporatist Dems will *never* do anything about it". How about we prove them wrong too.
Their Blood Orange Gose is my favorite gose that isn't local (which isn't a fair comparison since local ones are fresh). It's pretty magical.
And, you know, ICE deporting people. That didn't help the fear much.
Don't need to, didn't you hear? We're a sanctuary state now and they don't need to fear that anymore.
>at one point.

For a few weeks. Just enough time to get the ACA through and not one second longer. There seems to be some collective amnesia on reddit about how short of a period they had enough for a cloture vote. 
Then aim your anger at prices at those third parties. 
>So seeing how we have a higher population compared to other states then we have more people paying into road repair so shouldn't it be cheaper?

Not really. More people means more wear and tear too. Also, CA is huge and spread out, requiring far more miles of road than nearly anywhere else. Our upkeep ends up being higher. 
Yep. They did hit hybrid/electric vehicles with additional registration fees to compensate for them though. Still does nothing for high MPG gas vehicles, other than incentivise them, which I guess is a good thing too. 
An extremely misleading opinion article from the OC Register? Never!

Really though, it completely *forgot* that the transportation fund borrowed huge amounts from the general fund just prior. 
And I've known plenty who wouldn't risk deportation for reporting crimes or answering basic questions of police. 
I'm sure brand awareness is up, I just haven't been seeing them actually pop up in the wild. With Samsung's steep discounts tied to carriers it's not hard to see why for the average consumer who doesn't know or care about non carrier branded phones. Samsung is playing a mean defense during the Pixel launch windows.
And our sanctuary policies. Less people afraid of reporting crimes and working with the police. Less of a *victim class* of people that can't report crimes. 
Percentage of gun ownership hasn't been increasing, but guns per capita has. That just means that owners are hoarding more guns, not that more people are buying. 
I've seen the same amounts of P1s as P2s in the wild. 3 of each type (P1/P1XL/P2/P2XL), all but 1 of the P1XLs being from my immediate friends and family circle. And I work in tech. The other P1XL was actually a coworker from our Mexico facility too, which is a little funny given the context of this thread.

Compared to hundreds of Samsungs and Apples. 
AMD's had nothing to do with the mining craze. They just tried to fake out reviewers and *advertised* MSRP as being lower than it was in reality, including the press kits they sent out. It's especially telling that they only did it for about a week, so after all major reviewers published.

Increased card prices from miners come from the 3rd parties and resellers, like MSI and Newegg, respectively. 
If you're fine paying top dollar for objectively bad sounding IEMs, I guess it's your money to burn. And if you actually look at that chart, the bass is awful. Like, the worse I've ever seen on any device ever. It contradicts what you say you like. 
>I actually like the sound from the Pixel Buds.

I think that says more about you than anything.

[Take a look at their frequency response chart.](https://www.rtings.com/headphones/reviews/google/pixel-buds#comparison_2030) all boom with no rumble, and tons of distortion caused by it, which fuzzes out vocals and mid frequency range instruments. And then they somehow don't even support the AptX. That sound quality is something I'd expect from a $10 amazon special, and they're one of the lowest rated headphones/IEMs on that site (in sound quality, which they only use purely objective, provable means to judge and show all their data).
>But I find those issues aren't issues.

It doesn't matter of *you* don't find them to be issues. They're still issues to a whole lot of people.

>I rather have good speakers than a few mm more of screen.

Me too, but apparently not the general public. They like super thin bezels.

>I have a Bose wireless and a cheap Anker wireless headset.

And I have multiple pairs of audiophile grade headphones. I'm wearing one right now, listening on my P1XL.

>I'm content with my 128gb, no need for sd slot. 

A lot of people aren't and want more. A lot of people also don't want to pay the extra money for internal storage that they're just going to use for music and pictures too, where an SD card is much, much cheaper.

Buddy, you seem to have a problem where you think your needs are everyone's needs. The general public likes small bezels, they like to be able to expand their storage when needed (and not pay through the nose for it), a lot of people use wireless charging, unfortunately not many people seem to care about dual front facing speakers (bit maybe they will now that Samsung did it), and a lot of people still want their headphone jack.

The thing is that Samsung covers more bases than the Pixels. And people will quickly judge based on their first impression of the phone while in the store. A nice screen, small bezels, they can see it has a jack, etc. The P2 looks like a model from 3 years ago (except missing a jack) next to it. The P2XL had a better showing in person but the unsaturated screen (I know it's more accurate, but it doesn't stand out in-store) that often had a heavy tint of varying color, blue shift, and every one of them suffering from black crush, still looked worse next to Samsung's offerings while being more expensive. Google needs to bring more to the table if they're going to charge so much. 
>So much better then having a cord.

But so much worse sound quality for the money, unfortunately. 
And in my anecdotal experience, I know a ton of people who bailed from Apple because they dropped the jack and wouldn't touch a Pixel for the same reason. Now every one of them is on a Galaxy S9/+/note. I personally didn't pick up a 2XL because of the jack, even though I had money allocated specifically for it. I'm sticking with my P1XL (I'm a 6P refugee) probably until it stops receiving updates and I'll switch to a Oneplus if they still have a jack. 
>people never heard of it but everyone has iPhone and Samsung Galaxy

That's the US too. No one knows about the Pixels outside of tech circles. 
A decent screen (for the 2XL), no enormous bezels (for the 2), headphone jack, SD slot, wireless charging, and better water resistance. The Samsung lacks more frequent software updates and dual front facing speakers (half subverted on the S9 with the front and down firing speakers). The cameras seem to be pretty even with the launch of the S9, but I'd still give a slight edge to the Pixel, but it's subjective.

Edit: and the S9 starts at $720, and is much closer in size to the 2XL than the 2.
They did the voucher thing to make people think the launch price was the real MSRP, so reviewers would give them a better performance/price rating. And it only lasted for like a week. 
I was actually mixing up in my head both examples that the other 2 users linked. I read about both of them a long time ago and they melded into a single thing in my head. 
So, a lot of these alt right screwballs don't have any sort of empathy. Because they don't have any, they can't imagine anyone else having any. They think anyone that expresses an empathetic position (be it an argument, political position, etc) towards something the virtue signaling accuser isn't personally invested in is only doing so to "score points" with liberals, who also don't actually care about anyone but themselves, like the accuser. 
"The way things used to be" that they pine for so badly never actually existed. They blame their perceived problems on women and minorities. 
>[yet they're posting in KIA](https://media.giphy.com/media/3o7buirYcmV5nSwIRW/200.gif)

https://media1.tenor.com/images/4b7399689d7c8d618b7ea21bcec6be6d/tenor.gif?itemid=7837710
It's the definition of *post-irony*. Presenting extreme and/or unpopular views as a joke, but you're not joking at all. See: 4chan, TD, etc. It's like the defining feature of the new rightwing shitheads. 
Or that racist holy war one. Somehow it's even worse, except mechanically because nothing is worse than fatal in that respect. 
Actually, yeah, quite good. I just never think about IEMs because I have tiny, baby ear canals and nothing fits me. 
All the streaming services have been dropping albums under the Nuclear Blast label, so I keep having to load more and more albums to my phone. It also erases them as thumbs uped and they don't appear in radios. It kinda sucks. 
Bummer. Because there are **so many** album covers that show up in my files. Thanks though. 
[They seem to be a mixed bag](https://www.rtings.com/headphones/reviews/sony/mdr-1000x#comparison_2030). As noted in the review, the treble goes straight to hell when use wirelessly, which is really strange. Really weird distortion going on too, but it's partially impacted by the insane wireless behavior.

Wired performance seems pretty solid, but I don't think I'd pay that price for wired cans of that performance. Something like a DT770 would perform excellently for around $150. 

Maybe this is something they've fixed with a firmware update or something? They're not super new cans, so hopefully they did something. 
I notice a distinct lack of the new Alien movies in their list of examples. 
That's what they said though. Actual rates are low but home values are extremely high so overall tax dollars are high. 
Would this work for my music folder without making Google play music not see my music anymore? I'm sick of every album cover ever showing up in my files. 
The Bose QC35 is apparently pretty solid all around, but at $330 that's not a deal and the fact that the only Bluetooth codec they support is SBC is a non starter for me.

For now I'll keep my eye on AptX HD mobile receivers. Looks like one is down to $25 on Amazon. 
A lot of Nuclear Blast albums have been dropping like flies. Lost a few Edguy and Sonata Arctica (including Unia!) albums a few weeks back too. 
>That’s not what I’m saying. 

They said exactly that. 
And this is why we have huge landowning companies like the Irvine Company. They can hold property forever and keep their extremely low rates at the expense of the taxpayer. 
Yeah, altogether they say the studio3 is decent, but the distortion is a little higher than people here tend to care for and have some odd peaks and dips. They say the solo3 is V shaped but pretty even about it (no weird peaks and dips you wouldn't expect from V shaped cans) and has reasonably good distortion. You can get something better for less though. 
Aren't the studio wireless 3 like $250? Looks like they are from Amazon and Walmart right now. 
If that opinion is supporting racism, yeah, 100%. Not all opinions are equal. 
My favorite oxymoron of his is "post-modernist Marxist". Because those ideologies don't have serious conflicts.
I love that they took a picture of him in front of a laptop, like he knows how to use one. Really though, he doesn't know how to work a computer. The answers were obviously done by a staffer and completely meaningless. 
Unfortunately the majority of people posting about Q absolutely believe that stuff. Just take a look at /r/greatawakening. 
My girlfriend's OP2 with the sandstone felt amazing. The downside was that when I took it out of my pocket it also liked to take something else out with it because it was so damn grippy.
What's the saying? "A fool and his money are soon parted"?
The metal body of my 6P was beautiful. Slippery as hell though.
Is the back made of plastic? 
>Space Hitler simulator [r/Stellaris](https://www.reddit.com/r/Stellaris)

Don't put that hate on me. All I want to do is assimilate the entire galaxy into one collective mind, bringing peace and harmony to all.

---

For those that don't play, you can actually be several different variants of killer robots. From The Borg who want to absorb everyone, to psycho robots who think the only way to survive is to wipe out all organic life. I *try* to play peacefully most games, but sometimes the race next to me might as well be role playing the Spanish Inquisition so I'm forced to wipe them out for the sake of galactic peace. And they might have snagged that planet I really wanted, but that had nothing to do with it at all. 
[Here's another.](https://politics.theonion.com/bush-our-long-national-nightmare-of-peace-and-prosperi-1819565882) I think The Onion got their hands on a crystal ball sometime late in the Clinton administrations.
I use 10 minute mail for that. 
Yeah, but if a good amount of people started yelling bigoted slurs I'd be out of there, and the management would be attempting to handle it. Unlike real life where you pay to be there and if thrown out you can't just walk right back in consequence free, in normal twitch chat you can. The very small financial investment cleans up the situation wonderfully, since it adds a small amount of consequence for bad behavior. Sub only chat still cheers and boos like normal chat, it just doesn't move 10 pages per second, more like 3 per second. 
And a big reason is probably because those people paid good money for those seats and don't want to be kicked out. This makes the bigots keep their bigotry to themselves. If games were free and the whole world could magically fit into a stadium, we'd have a ton of issues. 
So did I, but Gmail was the far superior platform. The only people I know that don't use it are very old, and I'm no youngster myself. 
It won game of the year from quite a few places, so it's a good bet.

**However**, be aware that there's a small chance that you'll experience game breaking bugs, and that they might now show up for a few hours. If you start crashing at specific areas and aren't able to progress (like every time a specific cutscenes plays), quickly try to issue a refund, even if past the 2 hour cutoff point, sometimes it works.

The FAR mod *helps*, but it doesn't do much for the game breaking crashes. Some people think this only happens on specific cards, but I've seen it happen across every series of card that has come out in the past few years. It's a great game, but know before buying. Also, don't expect any patches ever. 
And, for those who didn't read the article, it's an actual student and not a literal squirrel. They just used a picture of a squirrel and the student has a squirrel costume. Weird, I know, but if students agreed with the squirrel guy's positions then they're honest votes. 
I just want to point out that states also have different standards for graduating high school, and California's are quite high. This makes an accurate comparison difficult. 
My only point was the file size since we were discussing storage space. 
Because of the file sizes compared to MP3. 
A few months. 
Gmail. Who doesn't use Gmail?
I've been trying to remember the name of that place for ages! No one believes me when I tell them I used to go to a place with a labyrinth of tunnels, ball pits, and elastic cages for kids.
Unless it's just hollow plastic.

Source: also engineer.
Mine is just all over the place. I'll connect it to my car and it'll be fine. Then get a notch or two quieter about 10 seconds later. So then I'll press it up a notch on my phone, which makes it go super quiet. How does that even work?
Put a statue of liberty crying in the corner and this could be featured on The Onion. 
Comey sent a completely unclassified letter and said he absolutely knew it would be immediately given to the media. Comey has plenty blame here. 
The crashing happens on all cards, not just the 700 series. It's hardware independent, but no one has figured out exactly what causes it. I have customers with identical builds and one will have game breaking crashes while the other has no issues at all. 
My music folder on my desktop is like 300gb, all MP3 320s or VBR before someone accuses me of running FLAC. I cut it down to about 60gb for my 128gb phone. In reality I listen to a lot more than that though. 
It's not just the 700 series that get those, I've had a few clients with RX400/500 series, R9 200 series, and GTX 900/1000 series also get them. So pretty much everyone.
> There’s a fan-made patch called FAR that fixes the issues with it.

No, it doesn't. It makes it more user friendly for *some*, but it doesn't fix game breaking crashes for those who experience them.
> so I guess it's truly hardware-dependent

No, it's very random. Some people with identical hardware will drastically different experiences. Some will work perfectly and some will get game breaking crashes after a few hours (so past the return window).
They're quite capable of doing both at the same time. 
Edgy teenagers. 
In quality of drama maybe. 4chan drama is just so stale and bitter. 
/r/greatawakening, apparently. 
To add to what the other people said, Voat also didn't like their *ban everyone who disagrees* attitude. They're more of a *yell racists slurs at them until they leave* kind of crowd. 
When the light reflected off that guy's eyes when he was right next to them I totally lost it.
And it's per-person, they don't add together your whole family. Shared data is insane.
[Did someone say Witch Hinters?](https://memes2.fjcdn.com/pictures/Holy+sigmar+uploading+this+here+because+i+dont+think+there_369f37_6265518.jpg)
They made it when it because *really* obvious that Trump was a Russian puppet. I believe when the story about his meetings with the Russian agents in Trump tower came out. They wanted to make a sub to fall back on in case Trump is thrown in jail. 
The Onion is great for stating reality straight out yet still being hilarious.

I present a classic:

[This War Will Destabilize The Entire Mideast Region And Set Off A Global Shockwave Of Anti-Americanism vs. No It Won't](https://www.theonion.com/this-war-will-destabilize-the-entire-mideast-region-and-1819594296) 
/r/selfawarewolves

Edit: lol, it's the current top post. 
[Dude](https://nerdist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/Screen-Shot-2014-07-16-at-1.07.21-PM.png) 
That was my biggest complaint too. Thankfully, many substratum themes cover Allo too, so I've been able to theme it nice and dark. But apparently android P kills that so screw you Google. 
The majority of my friend group uses it, even some iPhone ones. It's a great app... If your friends use it. And that's a really, really big if. The web app also meant I could use it at work since it's not an installed program or web extension. Some of the stickers had a lot of character too, and my girlfriend loves spamming me with them.

I guess I'll try to convince everyone to move to telegram, it at least has stickers and a gif search engine built in. My girlfriend can't live without those stickers, and my friends can't live without the gif search engine. 
If encryption was the default then the assistant wouldn't work, which was a big draw of Allo and the assistant's launch platform. Incognito, which is encrypted, can't make use of assistant. 
And people downvote such a positive message. Really makes me ashamed of this sub sometimes. 
I'm seeing years old accounts and some mods here. You made the claim, you provide evidence. 
Why do you even mention it? These are born and raised Californians. 
>that's who is having the majority of babies in California. 

Why even mention this? 
Since it's been a word. That's the definition. 
A republic only means we don't have a hereditary monarchy. 
I don't see where the person above said anything to the contrary. 
Because we are a democracy. We're also a republic, but that only means we don't have a hereditary monarchy. Republicans are trying to claim that we're not a democracy, and that somehow a republic is a form of government. 
>A republic is a democracy with rules that can’t be changed with a simple majority, at least by classical definitions.

No. A republic means we don't have a hereditary monarchy. That's it and nothing else. 
Wikileaks isn't a news organization. They're a Russian propaganda front. And even if a US based legitimate news agency illegally hacked a party in conjunction with a hostile foreign government, I'd hope that getting sued was the least that would happen to them. 
That's what the Republicans are trying to imply, that their party name somehow makes them more legitimate. 
A republic only refers to the head of government. The UK isn't a republic because they have a hereditary monarchy (even if they have very little real power), but it's a parliamentary system which is a form of representative democracy.

Our system of government is a representative democracy. Our head of state makes us a republic. 
I think Verizon will continue to not care about the universal profile until people start being frustrated over it. Right now, Message+, their proprietary kinda-RCS messaging app comes pre installed on all their branded phones and is a reason for some people to stay within the Verizon ecosystem. They also probably love the metrics they collect from it. I think they'll eventually switch, but much later than the others.

I don't know about AT&T, they're always kinda quiet. 
Now Nunez won't be able to selectively leak out of context parts of the memo in order to deceive the public. Seems like a win for everyone who cares about the truth. 
>OTOH, most people who are trying to defend the GPP are using fake accounts.

Bullshit. Prove it. This is just the "everyone who disagrees with me is paid to do so" nonsense in a slightly different package. 
The origin of that one is pretty obvious when you hear the words coming out of his mouth. My company just laid off a ton of employees over the fallout from his [now declared illegal] 300% Bombardier Cseris tariffs. Orders dried up for months so half the production staff is gone and a bunch of engineers. Fuck his egotistical trade wars.

Edit: Oh, and the aluminum and steel tariffs are screwing us too. The price of aluminum is up 30% from just the beginning of April and guess what we use a ton of on aircraft? 
The web interface meant I could use it at work since it wasn't an installed app or browser extension. That was really nice. 
My friend circle was on Allo. Welp... 
Then RCS as a whole doesn't concern you. 
T-mobile is claiming 100mb file sizes on their RCS universal profile announcement at least. 
>T-Mobile has said "Soon".

They said Q2 2018. That's a lot better than a nebulous "soon". 
Lots. It come pre installed on Verizon branded phones and people don't know any better. 
>Is the Allo web interface connecting to your phone? Or is it communicating to Google's servers which are hosting the content?

It connects to your phone via the internet, then your phone sends the message. Which is the biggest complaint. Sometimes your phone just doesn't want to connect for 30 min or so. 
A lot of wht you cited there had to do with Microsoft breaking the ToS on Gapps repeatedly. And Edge in general doesn't seem to get along with a lot of things, not just Google related ones. 

>I haven't used a single service other than those run by Google that doesn't work as well on the current build of Edge as compared to Chrome.

Allo's web interface is bit different than your normal apps. Needing to connect to a phone complicates things. 
What makes you think it's not? 
Really, I don't care. They cover more than 90% of users as is and you have no way of knowing if this is problem on Google's side or Microsoft's side.
>and a web client (that doesn't work on all browsers

Like a month after release they got it working for everything but IE/Edge. But who cares about those anyway. 
Yes. 
Narcissists think everyone thinks like they do. 
Thanks! 
Please let me know if you find a gallery of the bot screen shots. I'm interested in what they're trying to push this time around. 
The Nunez way! 
My girlfriend has an OP5 and it's aging great. Faster than my P1XL and as fast as friends P2s. And it has a headphone jack and universal dark themes. But it's slower on updates.
Then please stay away, we'd rather not have you killing the good mood here.
We bitch about that too.
I'm asking you, dude. What sucks and why?
All of the Mexican food. Lengua is my personal favorite.
While only buying discount white bread and eating American "Cheese". Bitches, we're famous for sourdough.
I think tourists from everywhere kinda suck in our perspective, since you don't notice the quiet ones.
Buddy, the west coast is solid red the moment you leave a major city. Same as everywhere else, we just have bigger major cities that tip the scales.
That's not cool man, people from Queens need to work *somewhere*.
Why does that suck? We get all the best Mexican food. Al pastor for days.
A lot of rural people think this is a bad thing, but I don't know what I'd ever do without all this awesome food. I have a Thai chef coworker and get Thai delivered to my desk. This is the life.
The visiting Germans at work are always shocked by this.

*Everywhere we go, the people they are talking to us, people we don't know even! They ask the personal questions. Standing in queue, at restaurant, and here at work. It is weird.*

Then we take them out for some beers and they open right up. We also have Czech customers but they don't open up with beer. Or ever.
I think that's really location dependent. In a lot of rural areas they're dead serious.
> I'm not sure what California is doing, but they had a significant shift in obesity and are now one of the least obese states.

We have a whole lot of sun, awesome beaches, and a ton to do. We also have a huge gym culture going on. It's common for white collar offices to have gyms too.
So I'm from the SoCal coast. When I visit family in Missouri, I'm shocked at just how fat everyone is. And the skinny ones are often either young, are transplants, or have meth mouth. This is the Ozarks though, so that changes things. Oh, and how damn *white* everyone is, it's kinda boring and the food sucks. I have taco trucks at work and get Thai delivered to my desk. Where my parents live, good Mexican is Taco Bell. They wonder why I don't visit.
You have 2 years of warranty. If you didn't cause this, they should definitely honor it. Use the chat function under the Support option in settings. Last time I made a warranty claim they approved it in a mater of minutes.
Definitely. A local craft brewery does KBBQ tacos. And a few food trucks. It's hard to even go on vacation and leave this food behind. 
That makes a lot of sense. Reddit is definitely a lot worse now and I wouldn't advertise any sort of meetup here.
For a general election against a Republican, I'm totally with you. But in CA we have jungle primaries, and she'll certainly make it to the general. There's even a decent chance the general will be between 2 Democrats like it was last time. 
Yeah, lots of homeless people camp out on the grassy areas overlooking the beaches. Can't blame them, it's great there. 
Orange, to be accurate. It's red with some yellow showered on. 
There are taco trucks twice daily at work and Thai delivery straight to my desk. I will never leave California. 
I'm in OC and we have the same. Taco trucks everywhere and free parking. 
There are 2 taco trucks that come to work daily, one for breakfast and one for lunch. It's like heaven. 
Up slightly from a low number is still a low number. 
Or buy a family pack of ingredients from the local Mexican food counter. Awesome stuff. 
It's the "5 stages of grief". Why would the stages of depression have depression as one of the stages? 
The point is that by the time they mature, income from the housing should be coming in. The reason why normal developers don't do affordable housing is because they can make *more* off middle class and expensive housing.

If you want a better answer, wait for the full financial breakdown that'll be posted before the vote. 
Ignoring the racism, soccer is one of the cheapest sports to start. You can do with just a ball and some people. Mediocre ice skates alone are around $100, everyone needs them, and that's not even counting all the other gear needed. You can find soccer balls for like $5 and only one is needed. 
I assume that took an expensive doctor's ~~bribe~~ note to accomplish. 
They don't. Doesn't stop the conservative I know from complaining about it though. 
Thanks for the source. Unfortunately, even the source material WaPo cited doesn't show the actual questions used.

[PDF warning](http://cc-69bd.kxcdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/Holocaust-Knowledge-Awareness-Study_Executive-Summary-2018.pdf) 
As an aerospace engineer I approve. 
I actually see 1982-2002 sometimes too. Our artificial generation names are usually ~20 year spans but also not hard dates. You can just say you're on the border between Gen X and Millennial and he's on the border between Millennial and Gen Z (or whatever they're gonna call it, I don't think it's quite established yet). 
Those people that got lead poisoning as children. 
To be fair, I've found smoking ribs and at the end throwing them on the grill for a very short time on high heat for a small amount of char (usually with a nice dry rub as well) adds quite a bit of flavor.

The picture is fuzzy though so I can't tell if they're raw or not. 
I don't even understand the train of logic. It seems to just be independent (wrong) ideas stringed together. How do they even relate to each other? Grandma, it's time for your meds. 
And why does this one have a distressed looking white girl drawn as an answer? 
My company has Canadian facilities. It would be transfer time I think. 
The edit was far too aggressive though. I wouldn't doubt people continue to downvote because of it. 
That one time Obama tapped the microwaves to spy on dear leader. 
Harassment and calls for violence should be banned. This isn't difficult here. If conservatives are the majority that seem to be the ones banned for these reasons, that's a reflection of the quality of conservatives. 
As usual, Zyklon Ben earns his nickname with the antisemitic dog whistles. 
Sure thing, account with 5 comments. 
It's exactly what Ted Cruz used his time for during the Zuckerberg testimony. He was trying to get Zuckerberg to say that they censor conservatives, which isn't the case. They censor people that call for violence and racial hatred, which the majority happen to be conservatives. 
>edit: thanks for downvoting a question, Reddit... never change

Because people thought you were sea lioning. 
Yep, typo, sorry. 
Or repeal prop 13 (or at least fix it to apply to primary residence only) to stop incentivising property as a foreign investment rather than a life necessity. 
Not as it stands. The Dem candidates say the like the idea but it needs work. What work needs to be done they're vague on. I'd like the local media to press them harder on that front. 
You must have read a different article, because it's more of the opposite. The Dems positions are all about *removing* regulation, specifically some environmental regulations and forcing cities to stop over regulating. The Republicans agree with the loosening of environmental regulation, but oppose forcing cities to stop over regulating. But if we don't stop cities from doing so, nothing will ever get done. 
That's why we have $4B in affordable housing bonds coming up for a vote in November. I support SB827 in conjunction with state backed affordable housing development. 
I have friends in San Francisco that say theirs is actually pretty good. I'm closest to the LA one, but there's no way I'd ever go because forget meeting a bunch of weebs. One of them actually found a previous SO of hers at one of the meet ups she went to. 
From what I saw last year, it depends on the specific meet up. Now, I didn't go to any because screw that I don't want to meet a bunch of dudes with anime pillows, but I did check out the threads for a few of them. Of course, a bunch of people were talking about bringing thermoses of booze anyway. 
I'm looking for a car head unit capable of AptX, AptX HD, or LDAC. The problem is that I have a 2013 Kia Optima, so it requires a specifically made one. I've been looking at the plug and play ones that run on Android on ebay, but they don't specify what Bluetooth codecs they use, and the sellers have no idea what a codec is when I ask. Some even run Android 8.0, which makes me hopeful. 

Budget: whatever. 

Thanks! 
We did it here in CA so they could get car insurance and so we can track points against their license. Since then our uninsured rate took a sizable drop so it's been quite effective. Conspiracy theorists think this lets them vote or something, which isn't true but provides a good laugh.
Great, thanks for the source. It's really discouraging that no major candidate for governor supports it. 
Private Internet Access for $3/month for 5 simultaneous connections. Been using it on my desktop and phone for a few years now. Even had ad blocking built in. 
All the big, popular VPNs are going to be instantly blocked by Netflix. They're really good at figuring out who to block now a days and they target the big ones first. 
I've read this one. I don't see where Newsom says he wouldn't sign though. 
I hadn't read that. Do you have a source? This is a huge issue for me and I'd like to stay up to date. 
Yeah, I'm quite disappointed with the primary field too. This and prop 13 are my top state issues and no one seems to be taking a strong stance on them. 
You're going to sweating up a storm airsofting and possibly wearing a large mask, preventing you from wiping sweat out of your eyes while on the field.

As a side note, one major reason I'm considering Lasik is to be able to paintball again. Glasses just don't work well inside a mask and my prescription is weak enough that contacts are pretty pointless for everything else. And I just want to ditch glasses forever. 
Why do you say that? He seems to be for this kind of bill more so than the other major candidates for governor. Even Chiang said he'd veto the bill if it hit his desk. 
His lawyer said that, but to my knowledge Jones himself never did. 
That's great to hear. My eyes aren't so bad (I'm legal to drive without glasses but I don't) and I haven't changed prescriptions in about 16 years, so I'm told I'm an ideal candidate. I hear mostly good things, but the occasional horror story, so I'm still a little hesitant. 
The struggle is real. I have an awful allergy to *something* that seems to be in the vast majority of scented candles. My throat, eyes, and sinuses puff up and get super itchy. And very few people believe me, even after seeing my eyes swell up. "It must be something else, no one is allergic to candles". ಠ_ಠ
Here in California it's already getting there. It's no longer "cool", while also still being kinda expensive for the time being. 
That's because "cultural Marxism" means the Jews.
> No actual lawyer future proofs for a warrant like this.

Well, they kinda do. By not helping their clients commit crimes, mostly.
Mind if I ask some questions? What type of lasik did you get, how long ago, and and have you had any side effects? I'm looking into getting it right now.
My old i5-4570 even struggled with Vermintide 1, paired with a GTX 1080. My new 8700k blows Vermintide 2 away. With all those enemies running around with independent AI, it's a CPU crusher. 
>I feel the 290X struggles with shadowing. I often have to reduce my settings on more recent games (Vermontide 2 for example).

Vermintide's shadows are mostly CPU bound. It's a really CPU heavy game all around. 
In their example of Vermintide 2, it's CPU heavy shadows. 
Is this a Chromecast audio limitation or just a Spotify limitation? 
Not specifically West coast. For example, it's common to hear it in Northern California but if you say it in Southern California people may give you the side eye. 
It's a socal thing. We don't like "hella". It doesn't have anything to do with any friction with norcal, we're cool with them, it's just a stupid word.

Edit: guess giving an explaination is frowned upon here. 
They had no authority to arrest him before having evidence of that. 
And that time he said he doesn't stand by anything. That was believable. 
It would need 51% of house Republicans for it to come to a vote, which will still never happen. 
It'd never get a majority of Republicans, so it being veto proof if it did makes no difference. This bill will nave be voted on as long as there's a Republican Speaker. 
Thankfully all they're really doing is surveillance. They're not allowed to act as a police force. 
There are far less monsters in SOMA than Amnesia and the amount of time you need to deal with them are much shorter. Also, if they're still too much for you, there's either a setting or mod (I forget, it came out after I binge played it 3 times in a row) that makes all monsters passive. So there's not much stopping you from enjoying the story.

I highly recommend it.

Note: wear headphones and turn the light off. Not for the "scariness" of it, but because SOMA is very immersive and the feeling of being trapped at the bottom of the ocean really adds to the atmosphere, especially when you go outside the base. The sound effects are top notch and you can almost feel the water rushing past your head. Directional hearing is also kinda important. 
Lawyers seem to be the only ones who want to run in my district. 
It does as long as ceddit and removeddit exist. 
Yes, but those kittens are also big enough for that cat to have more on the way, which kinda looks to be the case from that picture.
That's not a biased title. 
How does that make any sense at all? 
>medicine that costs less than 1c

Iodized salt?
>he merely promised to do so of his own volition.

He did no such thing. He stated that he only *felt* obligated to tell them. 
>The biggest abuse of power was leaking information regarding an investigation for political gain. 

As much of an underhanded, slime ball move as it was, he absolutely had the authority to do so. Comey decided to inform them through an unclassified memo, and has stated that he knew it'd be immediately leaked. We all know that Chaffetz and Nunes have no morals to speak of, but we expect better from the FBI, an organization that's supposed to be nonpartisan. 
I haven't had this issue outside of recruit games. Maybe when someone is grabbing a tome and don't want to wait for someone else to run over and drink their potion. I even have people pass me potions, which is always a little shocking playing with randos. 
On IB I take so little damage that I stay topped off with natural bond. Excluding of course, when we get curb stomped by a chaos warrior patrol spawning in the middle of our team. 
Weapons illusions that have no illusion. They're just nothing, but have an illusion tag. What's up with this? This is by far the most common type of "illusion" I've found. For drakefire pistols, I've found about 2 dozen non illusion illusions and nothing else. 
A ranked choice bill actually hit Jerry Brown's desk, but unfortunately he vetoed it, citing "voter confusion". I'm down for pushing our next governor to sign, I think we can get it through the state legislature again. 
>It's an intentional construct that helps to minimize competition at a political level.

No, it's the mathematical reality of our voting system. If you want to change that, join me in pushing for ranked choice voting, or really any similar voting system. 
That's the dream. My nightmare though is her driving the racists out to vote in force. 
>1. Announcing things cause cancer

Leave California out of this, thanks. 
I like some of her work but at this point I don't feel like she represents me very well. I'll probably vote for DeLeon in the primary, but there's very little chance of him winning, which will mean I'm voting for Feinstein in the general, which I have no issue doing.

For reference, I was more in line with Boxer while she was around and I like Harris so far. 
Yeah, millennials can be as old as ~36 now. We only have a few more years of "gen Z" being born until we need to come up with another generation name. 
Copy of another post I made here:

[Read this article.](http://nymag.com/selectall/2017/12/qanon-4chan-the-storm-conspiracy-explained.html)

Edit: Also, one thing they missed. See the lion symbol in the headline picture? That's the symbol for the "Lion's Guard", wannabe brownshirts in the service of Trump. [Info.](http://trumplionsguard.com/)
[Agreed.](https://m.imgur.com/gallery/48H3gKh) 
It's had tabs for a long time now. However, they still suck because the tabs reload when you switch between them. 
And it lacks the *swipe address bar to change tabs* gesture. So, one of the most useful features to ever come to mobile browsers. Guess I'm keeping Brave for awhile longer. 
Not to my knowledge. 
Has Firefox Quantum made it to Android? I haven't checked in quite some time.

Also, is there a way to switch tabs by swiping left or right on the URL bar like in chrome? It's so useful I don't think I can switch away from it. 
Brave browser is a great and it's my primary browser, but the built in adblocker definitely isn't up to ublock standards. 
[Read this article.](http://nymag.com/selectall/2017/12/qanon-4chan-the-storm-conspiracy-explained.html)

Edit: Also, one thing they missed. See the lion symbol in the headline picture? That's the symbol for the "Lion's Guard", wannabe brownshirts in the service of Trump. [Info.](http://trumplionsguard.com/)
[Best line.](https://cdn2.bigcommerce.com/n-nr1m3w/b72t4x/products/3550/images/6620/CBS539-AT-2__29852.1390337912.380.500.jpg?c=2)
The concentration of pure stupidity was so great that my eyes unfocused in self defense.
Don't forget that they think Obama is either on his way to, or already at Gitmo to be interrogated. And that Mueller is secretly working for Trump, and that all the mind numbingly stupid shit Trump says is really a 4D chess media screen for Mueller ferreting out the deep state/child molesters/satanists. 100% not joking.
Then when the media frenzy dies down they just let them make an alt sub and nothing changes.
He thinks it's going to be more like Mad Max than the October Revolution. He even mentions there being slaves.
It was really sad that Dianne Feinstein had some of the most legitimate questions and seemed to understand relevant background information far more than most everyone else. And she's nearly tech illiterate. Half of the entire testimony was Zuckerberg explaining mundane details of how Facebook works and senators not understanding. It was really difficult to watch.

Oh, and then Ted Cruz tried to make it about "you're censoring free speech of Republicans!" without a single question on the subject of personal data being mishandled or used by foreign agents.
Same on GPM. And a few Edguy albums. Power metal has been rapidly disappearing from all streaming networks lately.
Yeah, but it'd be far less visible.
Settings? App drawer? Assistant? Any stock Google app? They're all glaring white, but can be themed properly with substratum. The only thing that having a dark background fixes is the notification shade. 
Andromeda is really easy to run. All you need to do is double click a file on your computer with your phone connected and you're good to go. 
Any of the swift themes. Also, turn off auto updates for *all* apps. Just update everything once every few days to a week and you'll never get crashes.

-P1XL with swift dark 
Not a huge amount that change gameplay, but there are some excellent quality of life mods that I absolutely can't play without now. Like showing where every person is on your map, showing every person's favorite gifts when you mouse over them in the relationship stats screen, or marking everyone's birthdays on the calendar outside the general store. I also use a mod that lets me interact will all chests on screen at the same time, making inventory management much easier. 
I think the best budget case (about $30 but varies) is the [Deepcool Tesseract](https://pcpartpicker.com/product/g4XfrH/deepcool-case-tesseractbf). I've built in about a dozen of them. My favorite case to use right now though is the [Masterbox Lite](https://pcpartpicker.com/product/83PzK8/cooler-master-masterbox-lite-31-atx-mini-tower-case-mcw-l3b3-kann-01), but that whole case is a window, but very, very dark. It's just so easy to build in and looks great when done. 
It's plastic glued on, right? Solvent. Or just sharpie. 
Zyklon Ben thinks the Syrian gas attack was done by Israel to foster war between the US and Russia. He thinks Jewish people are behind a whole lot of things. 
>That second cartoon is from that Zyklon Ben ~~protegee~~ drawing left handed right?

I think this is the actual truth. 
Yeah, Zyklon Ben thinks the Syrian gas attack was done by Israel to foster war. He thinks Jewish people are behind a whole lot of things. 
Those cartoons were already antisemitic before editing, the edits just made the dog whistle into a bullhorn. 
It's a tiny, cheap computer. It doesn't get much simpler than that. 
>why did Debbie Wasserman Shultz resign?

She was an awful, unpopular person who was terrible at PR.

>Why did the DNC formally apologize to the Sanders campaign?

Because it was a scandal at that point, no matter how manufactured the scandal was.

>In terms of the content, they weren't all low level (CFO, chair, Clinton's campaign lawyer)..

This is a lie.
That's because they used to call them "cultural Marxists" back then. But more centrists have *finally* caught on to that dog whistle, so they switched to "globalists".
I know a ton who just didn't vote at all because Sanders wasn't on the ticket. Stupid people, every one of them.
Because they cherry picked small tidbits and purposefully made them appear to be from a different time in the primaries than they were. The ones that made the headlines and pissed the progressive wing off were from low levels staffers shooting shit and who were censured by their boss for doing so, and this happened late enough in the game that Sanders was already done for. But with selective truth telling you can make people believe things exactly opposite of the truth. The best lies are made from tidbits of truth.
>while reducing spending in some areas and increasing others like education.
Awesome, it's one of my favorites.

A little background, ride into obsession is the antagonist's viewpoint of the story in Wheel of Time. 
The build quality itself is fantastic. The only thing I'm still concerned about is some of the electrical work because I've seen a few reports of one side dying a couple days into use. Usually those issues crop up quickly though, so if you're buying from somewhere like Amazon returns are free and painless. 
At that point I'd walk over and turn off the speaker. There's a limit.
>Is there still some geographical division?

Usually by state, but there could be other subdivisions depending on implementation. Ideally we'd greatly increase the total number of house reps so we could more accurately represent the population and allow for more local 3rd parties.

>I can’t ever see this working at the national level in the US.

Only because we're so ingrained in how we are and think it's the best system ever. It'd definitely be difficult to accomplish though. I don't anyone here thinks it'd be easy or even possible, just that it would be ideal.

>We would still need to subdivide down into states.

Absolutely.
[These](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81radGNjc5L._SY355_.jpg) solve all my work-related annoyances.
You vote for a party rather than an individual for house reps. You could also implement a ranked choice into it, where you could vote for a 3rd party but if they don't get any reps then your vote transfers to your second choice. Repeat until your vote gets to a party which receives reps. There are other counting methods with different strengths and weaknesses, but this is the simplest to explain.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_electoral_systems#Comparisons
But they'd get representation in a proportional representation system. A proportional amount. That's the whole point. It also means there could easily be a "farmer's party" which would be perfectly viable.

I believe you're misunderstanding how this system works, thinking the majority populace picks up all the reps.

So say you have a state that's 80% urban (split between 60% liberal and 20% conservative) and 20% farmers (to be reductive) and 10 reps between their population. In a proportional system, assuming everyone votes for their party, you'd get 6 liberal reps, 2 conservative reps, and 2 farmer reps. This system is far more even and fair than what we're currently using, and allows for local 3rd parties to form that represent the concerns of their area.
Last I checked, players aren't playing their sport during the pledge. Seems like the perfect time to do something like that to me.
This, children, is what we call a "strawman".
Unfortunately, the redhats really are that dumb.
[Blind Guardian - Ride into Obsession](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0WXeHT661xM)

Even better if you're a Wheel of Time fan.

---

Edit

Also maybe these?

[Dream Evil - My Number One](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KSKH-382zx8)

[Dream Evil - Heavy Metal in the Night](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kea6suUaWjQ)
I wish we had more, their food is delicious. I was promised a taco truck on every corner.
So I took a dive into their user history, and well, they're a literal fascist. Like, goes on fascist subs and talks about things like killing people for using drugs and all sorts of "social degeneracy". It's a favorite phrase of actual fascists. 
It's why I like that website so much. I'm an engineer, so I want graphs and measurements for **everything**. Rtings provides. Great for TVs too.
So I guess that came true.
Same with Beyer's stuff. Planars as a whole just tend to average much better, doesn't means there aren't aren't outliers from either side. 
Response speed is a big part of planar bass and why you might be hearing that from other planars you've tried. Most cans just can't handle quick bass, especially quick low bass. With a good set of planars it's crisp and distinct, making it stand out where it'd normally be more fuzzed together in the background. 
>Do these have planar bass?

Yes.

>That bass rolloff is concerning to be honest.

I don't think so. It's very mild and fairly standard for any open back cans, especially ones so open as these. Only some like [Beyer and their "bass reflex" design](https://www.rtings.com/headphones/reviews/beyerdynamic/dt-990-pro#comparison_2030) manage better. Even legendary cans like the [HD 800S](https://www.rtings.com/headphones/reviews/sennheiser/hd-800-s-reference-hd800s#comparison_2030), [HD 650](https://www.rtings.com/headphones/reviews/sennheiser/hd-650#comparison_2030), or [AKG K712](https://www.rtings.com/headphones/reviews/akg/k712-pro#comparison_2030) have less sub bass than the Sundara. And it's nothing that can't be fixed with a slight EQ.
I was able to try the 1990 (and 1770) at CanJam too. While I thought the 1990 sounded excellent and an improvement over my 990s (which I adore), I'd call the Sundara the winner, especially in clarity. The 1990 has better bass, but the Sundara appeared to have more accurate mids and highs. On soundstage, the Sundara cleans house. 

If you're a basshead the 1990 might be the better choice. I'm more of a symphonic/power metal person so the Sundara is my choice, especially because I value clarity so highly. My music tends to have many layers which cause a lot of cans to mud-out. 
Should be fine, but I'd *lightly* dust them with canned air every now and then. 
Using voice control would be perfect for me if it opened the song inside the already selected playlist, but unfortunately it doesn't for me. It selects it the album it's from and will play the rest of the album from there. This kinda defeated the purpose of playlists for me. 
Critical listening score: 8.3

This is the 3rd highest critical listening score they've given, behind the Sennheiser 800S (8.5) and the Hifiman Edition X (8.3). This is a clear improvement over the HE-400i, and wins in every category except soundstage, where the 400i wins 7.9 to 7.7.

I tried the Sundara and 400i (and 4XX) back to back at SoCal CanJam and I'm in complete agreement with this review. They were one of the most clear cans I've ever had the pleasure of using, and were only topped by the 800S and Focal's $1500+ offerings of everything I tried at the event. This is the new titan of the ~$500 tier.

Note: Rtings doesn't review a lot of $1000+ headphones, as they have too many other, far more popular headphones to review at the moment. They have some of the big names for comparison at least.

Edit: the Sundara also appeared to be far studier than the 400i too, but since I didn't have months to abuse them I can't give any definite answers. I also can't speak for Hifiman's infamous QC, so buy through a reputable seller. 
I had the opposite experience. I've used Android auto in my friend's car and now don't want anything to do with it. It made playing music too troublesome to deal with for me, it limits you to scrolling like 3 pages or something ridiculous. My primary playlist is 118 tracks currently. I find it much easier to just use my phone on a dash mount. 
Imgur seems to have lost your album. Seems to be happening a lot lately. 
If anything, it's looking to be the opposite. Trump is unpopular with our Republicans and driving the Dems out to vote. We had better voter participation in OC during 2016 than 2012 too.

https://www.ocvote.com/data/election-results-archive/
The admins have user paging disabled on their accounts. 
The is my biggest problem with the far left, they oppose the good because it's not perfect. It's still moving in the right direction, damnit! 
Well, Fox has literally been telling Trump to bomb Syria to distract from all the bad press, so probably that. 
And they make a cut right between LA and OC, like we aren't just one, contiguous mass of civilization. There's a reason why the "LA metropolitan area" or "greater LA area" includes the majority of OC or all of the surrounding counties where the city is contiguous, respectively. This plan would split it into 2 states, and having 2 different sets of laws and regulations would be damaging to the economy. 
I think one of the most fiscal conservative major politicians in the country right now is Jerry Brown. Raised taxes, lowered spending, brought CA into a surplus and fixed our credit. We have other issues to face ahead, but we're now in a vastly improved position to face them. 
I wish Jerry Brown was 15 years younger so we could have him run for president again. He managed to increase taxes while reducing spending in some areas and increasing others like education. California went from a huge deficit and awful credit to a surplus and recovered credit.

And he has a great track record on social issues. 
>Hey, you wanna give me some money? You care about me right? What's your paypal bro?

Because *this* is totally not a strawman.

>I do live in a functioning society.

Because you're forced to pay for things you don't personally want. Otherwise it wouldn't be a functioning society.

>Assuming you have more money in your bank account, you can afford more stuff than me. Why don't you give me some, so I can buy just as much? Are *you* the sociopath?

I am giving you some. Who do you think pays for the infrastructure you use? Everyone. Also, this is literally the worst argument that libertarians have ever produced. In a world where public spending is only done voluntarily, there would be no public spending. You should look up the tragedy of the commons. 
That's called living in a functioning society. I don't want to pay for any military spending yet here I am signing my taxes every year.

Also, you're moving the goalposts. You *should* care about your fellow humans beings. If you don't, you're a sociopath. It's kinda the definition. 
>>"screw you I got mine."

>That's the point of life.

Only if you're a sociopath. 
We went blue last election.
They never read the article.
Don't do that to me, I don't have time to watch 2 seasons right now. 
[My version.](https://i.imgur.com/J6kijwa.png)
https://i.redd.it/oerixrf7z5m01.png
>Ronal the Barbarian is a 2011 Danish **adult** animated stereoscopic CGI feature film [...]
[Bardin singing.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W9mgybavK3I) All of it.
Literally unplayable. 
So I have some level 30s. Right now vet is extremely easy, champ alternates between semi-OK and [doing this to us](https://media.giphy.com/media/k9kKWKaUEDBM4/giphy.gif), and legend is just out of the question. I love this game, I just wish it could be a bit more consistent instead of some rounds forgetting to include a challenge and some spawning 10 chaos warriors out of thin air in the middle of your team.
That's mainly because it was **AWFUL**.
Nothing will accomplish what you're looking for then because it's all analog on that side of things. Your computer can't detect if headphones are plugged into your speakers. Unless your speakers have a function I've never seen before.
I have it set to only be installed over my DAC/amp, so it doesn't affect my speakers but it's on while using my headphones. I don't know to set different ones per output though, sorry.

Edit: Peace looks like it might have the ability to do it, but I don't use it myself since it can only EQ in 0.5 dB increments. It's an Equalizer APO addon.
[¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯](https://i.imgur.com/7v4zFf1.jpg)
It made me dislike Kevin Sorbo, damnit. Andromeda will never be the same. 
*What* we do in the shadows. It's hilarious and everyone should watch it. 
Remember when it was in the sidebar of /r/conspiracy? /r/isrconspiracyracist? Yes. 
They definitely made up bullshit in that one too. Like Percy Schmeiser being a "victim of evil Monsanto". Where in reality he knew exactly what he was doing, his crop was 98% roundup ready canola (proof it wasn't contamination), he knew it was there and was actively using roundup, and his farmhands testified against him. Monsanto doesn't sue people for contamination, in fact they offer to remove it for free and reimburse you for losses. They wouldn't even have a case if they tried to do so, only the roundup resistance part of the plant is patented, and if you're not using that part for personal gain (spraying your crops with roundup knowing they'll survive) you can't be subject to a patent lawsuit.

Edit: forgot link.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monsanto_Canada_Inc_v_Schmeiser
That's not a documentary though, just a really shitty, disjointed movie filled with straw-villains. 
No, a strawman is misrepresenting someone else's argument in a way that's easy to knock over, hence a strawman. Moving the goalposts is changing the objective of your own argument.

Example of a strawman:

A: I like red shirts.

B: Why do you think blue shirts suck so much? People that hate on shirt colors are petty assholes.

A: ಠ_ಠ

Example of moving the goalposts:

A: Team A is the best team in the league right now.

B: No, team B is better.

A: Team A has the highest win rate and the best overall stats.

B: That doesn't count, they lost their last game. Teams that lost their last game don't count.

A: ಠ_ಠ
>The difference between premium paste and regular paste, I do not think is significant. 

Yeah, it's usually just a couple degrees. The big thing is longevity though. I'll pay an extra $5 if I don't have to tear apart my computer again and reseat my cooler for 6+ months longer than the cheaper option. Also, a lot of the good ones are non conductive or capacitive, so if you spill ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
I actually tried those first, since I have both the regular and angled pads for my HM5. Even though I never used them, they squish too much and my ears touch the inside of the cans. It also makes them uncomfortable because the outside edges of the cans apply pressure to the sides of my head. Those pads but a little thicker would be perfect. Thanks though. 
In [this](https://youtu.be/MBEew8Sa-i8) 770 teardown video I don't see any tabs or anything clipping the model number plate in from behind the cup or anything.

I have a 770 and 990 but I've never taken that plate off before, sorry. 
Disagree. I've owned both at the same time and found the yeti produced better results. Though they were pretty close overall. 
**DT 770 replacement pads**

So I got the DT 770 32 Ohm for work but the pads are too stiff for my liking. Can anyone recommend some alternative pads? They need to be noise isolating, so no velour, unfortunately. I really enjoy how soft the HM5 angled pads are, but they don't fit well on the DT 770.

Thanks! 
I don't know how serious you're being, but once the toothpaste hardens (in like a day), it doesn't transfer heat for shit. Thermal paste is all about lasting effectiveness. And 3-4 degrees is pretty big in the world of thermal paste. That's like a $50 upgrade in the world of CPU coolers. Just switching paste for a 3-4 difference is crazy cost effective. 
Yep, everything is permitted as long as it doesn't get them negative media attention or personally bother the admins. 
This sentence is why I love games like Vampire: the Masquerade - Bloodlines and Deus Ex. 
The admins don't care about brigading unless it's on a massive scale. Kinda like most of reddit's rules. 
Seeing that Trump is at the center of the Q conspiracy as "the secret savior of the United States", I'd say no, they're all Trump followers. 
http://nymag.com/selectall/2017/12/qanon-4chan-the-storm-conspiracy-explained.html
That's the "calm before the storm" (remember /r/CBTS_Stream? The one that was banned a few weeks back? Yeah.) slash "QAnon" conspiracy theory. It's the new pizzagate. 

http://nymag.com/selectall/2017/12/qanon-4chan-the-storm-conspiracy-explained.html
They're now claiming that Mueller is from and part of a "deep state crime family". I wish I were joking. 
Axe+shield is widely considered the best weapons for IB. 
Flame sword is generally considered the best melee weapon for Sienna. But no one actually uses melee because beam staff OP, so no one cares what you take. 
I think the charge time is too much of a liability, especially on higher difficulties. Whereas pistols don't leave you unable to deal with specials and they still deal with hordes well (bit not *as* well) with their alternate AoE cone attack that causes huge stagger/knockdown. They're also easy to swap to while fighting a horde for a quick AoE instead of doing a shield bash, increasing your damage output.

Also, pistols actually damage armor and can take out stormvermin reasonably well. 
Seth Meyers has mentioned several times that when shit goes down, they're scrambling to write the jokes before they air. Which happens often with this administration.
Yeah, the axe hits very few targets but the hammer cleaves several. I guess that was their way of balancing things, but there's far too much armor on champ+ to bring hammer+shield, as you say.
Slight correction, the dwarf's hammer and shield doesn't penetration armor on light attacks. 
Yeah, something like 85/15.
Always. It never changes and people somehow still buy it. 
Yeah, his policies are pretty standard social Dem stuff. I'll take a generic social Dem as a House rep though, as long as we also have strong, experienced leadership within the house to organize. 
His background? Not much of anything. He's more running on policies, which is a good thing, but a representative should also have experience to back them up. 
But the end goal of that is the funnel that money to rich people, so it's kinda the same thing. 
Don't forget leaving the Dems to clean up the mess they've made, as per usual. 
Only in the White House and Ben Carson's office. 
>should my home be inspected to make sure it’s up to childcare center standards?

If you register it as a child are center, yes. These home inspections for schooling are only for people that register their home as a charter school, allowing them to homeschool without any other schooling system being involved. Charter schools should be subject to regulatory standards, just like any other school. 
That's because this is shopped. The cat isn't that color. You can even see where they didn't quite get it on some of the edges of the fur.
It's not even that, they're not thawing them out. Of course they'll scorch on the outside if they're frozen on the inside.
Yet they're a ticking timebomb for their industry. While the mining craze is in effect, actual gamers aren't buying card. Gamers spend money on peripherals, not miners. Gamers spend money on games, driving GPU sales in the future, not miners. Gamers are also more driven towards consoles because of the high cost of entry into PC gaming. Then when the GPU mining crashes, miners dump them on the used market, dropping prices for new units too (remember the <$200 A-tier R9 290s? I bought dozens to put in client builds). 

Trading a bit of money now for giant problems later is bad business, and Nvidia is all about the long term.
The moment working ASICs come out no one uses GPUs anymore because they'd lose money. You're thinking of people switching to alternatives that don't have ASICs rather than still mining the same thing.
> I dont want spam calls going to my voice mails. Voice mails are for important messages. 

Well, what you have now is very close. Since the dialer now transcribes your voicemails, you can see which ones are just silence from a spam call that hung up before you listen.

Really though, they're almost all 3 seconds of silence. Delete 3 second long voicemails.
> people would be spoofing calls under my number

There's a good chance they are.

>spoofed numbers from my contact list

They don't know your contact list, just your number.
It's a cougar bar now? Back when I worked in the area it was a super trendy place. Lots of limos dropping guests off and such. Kobe Bryant used to stop by from time to time and piss off all the staff (quadruple park himself in the valet lot, not tip anyone, send his food back a half dozen times, sometimes not pay at all, etc.). Saw David Spade get loaded into a cab, drunk off his ass, half carried by women under each arm. 

And the "real housewives of OC" went/filmed there and Mastros at least once each, which I guess supports your claim. And it did get a lot of the Pelican Hill moneyed crowd. 
I have a 2013 Optima hybrid that I purchased new in the summer of 2014. I had gone into the Garden Grove one because I saw a deal on the 2013 Optima hybrid (they were selling test drive vehicles for $9k off). So after test driving a ton of cars from all over I really like that one and went in to buy it. When they showed me the financing plan I laughed at the absurdly high APR. I asked them how they possibly came up with it. They said that it was an appropriate rate for someone "my age" (I look younger than I am), and that I wouldn't never get a better rate because "someone my age has bad or no credit". My credit score has hovered around 820 since I was 20, my parents are in finance and taught me how to boost it from a young age. I told them to go run my credit and get back to me. They refused and said, "if you don't like it, get another loan tomorrow and pay ours off". I told them where they could stick their bullshit rate and walked out.

So I immediately called Kia of Irvine and explain the situation, and asked of they could offer something similar, and they said to come in and talk. They apologized profusely, saying that they own the Garden Grove location too. They they offered the same deal, except they'd just sign off a new car as a test drive model. They said the 2014 models were arriving in 2 weeks and they were cool with getting rid of their 3 remaining 2013s, even for a $9k discount. They ran my credit, I got a great rate, and I drive out of there in a new car.

The car itself has been great ever since, barring an issue where the USB slot wouldn't read my 10 year old iPod anymore. They fixed it for free, as it's covered under the standard 5 year electronics warranty.

So thumbs up for Irvine and screw Garden Grove.
https://78.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6phqztrMq1rqfhi2o1_250.gif
Racism. The answer is racism. 
I'm not convinced that this isn't just Ben drawing left handed. 
At mine reddit is fine, but imgur and half of useful tech forums I go to for answers are blocked. ¯\\\_(ಠ\_ಠ)_/¯ 
I've only done graphical mods in the past, which are generally pretty nice. 
For now what I do it use Bluetooth receivers. I can use my existing headphones and there's no danger of my headphones needing to be replaced. I still go wired the vast majority of the time. 
I agree that they're great, but I feel that using open backed headphones in VR would lend to the experience because of the vastly increased soundstage. But open backed Bluetooth headphones are rare, to say the least. My current solutions is Bluetooth adapters when needed (and hopefully ones with AptX or LDAC). 
With what the other user said, keep in mind you can also get a Bluetooth receiver that has AptX LL (low latency) and a Bluetooth transmitter for your computer (sometimes the same device). If your headphones have detachable cables, get a really short one and attach it to the headband, or possibly clip it to your clothes as some of the receivers have clips for just that.

This is if you don't want to buy brand new, expensive headphones just for the Vive. I know I'd rather use my existing ones.
Nova also has the Google Now feed, but you need to grab the companion app (not on the play store since it somehow violates Google's rules). 
I've seen some local places offer soyrizo as a chorizo alternative. I'm down for soyrizo too, it's pretty good. 
This is pretty much every brewery in my local area. Except daily rather than just the weekends. Some of the larger breweries need 2 food trucks on the weekends. I love my local craft brewery scene. 
Trump and the redhats killed sarcasm. I was hoping you weren't serious, but it's really hard to tell now a days. 
Just so anyone is clear, this is the actual "calm before the storm/QAnon" conspiracy. The main sub for it was banned recently because they couldn't help but threaten other users and dox everyone who didn't agree with them.

http://nymag.com/selectall/2017/12/qanon-4chan-the-storm-conspiracy-explained.html
I'll make sure to install it the next time I play, thanks. Praise Saint Jiub!
/r/pics would be dead if they did that. 
This I can definitely agree with. There were flaws in the system, but the answer shouldn't have been to strip it entirely, rather just fix it like mods have done. 
DT770 is closed back and has better bass extension, but also has a dip in the high bass/low mid and can be quite sibilant before EQ. The SHP9500 has poor sub bass, but is utterly flat across the high bass and all the mid, with good, non fatiguing highs.

I love both though. I bought the SHP for my girlfriend as her home pair and the DT770 as my work pair. 
>I suspect he's referring to enemy level scaling vs actual character customization when leveling. But I could be wrong. 

I even liked this much more in Morrowind. There was actually some gating. In Oblivion and Skyrim, I never felt threatened for the entire time I played, except for maybe the opening sequence of Skyrim. Get a bow and dragons are pushovers. In Morrowind, I'd stumble across a necromancer's hideout and charge a 4 armed skeleton. Then that skeleton chunks off 25% of my HP in a single hit, so I chug a potion of speed and haul ass outta there. Why should a half naked guy with a crappy, bent up short sword, fresh off the literal boat, be able to take on a den of high powered spellcasters?

I also once went in some ruins to discover a Vampire clan headquarters. Didn't go well. Ended up surviving but became a vampire and joined said clan a few weeks later. Whole quest line and everything. Eventually was cured then hunted down all vampire clans everywhere. 

However, cliff racers suck and should all die. They were a mistake. 
Funny, I enjoy the leveling in Morrowind and Oblivion far more than I ever did in Skyrim. Skyrim lacked a ton of character/stat control that the previous titles had, and felt extremely simplistic. Like the devs didn't trust me to make my own character. 
HD650 have a higher sensitivity though, and require a bit less voltage to get loud. I don't know what impedance 880s you have so I can't comment. I suggested the 32s to this person because I have no specs on their computer.

For reference, I have an Asrock Z370 Extreme4. It gets my HD558s plenty loud, but it's not enough when I really want to crank my DT990s.
What? No way. At max system volume my top end mobo can't power my 250 ohm cans above little more than a whisper. 
Powers everything I threw at it fine. *Very loud* is about 40% volume on the Fulla. 
I have the 990 pro 250 ohm and I use the Schiit Fulla 2. I bought it because it's only $100 and if I decide to get a new DAC or amp, the Fulla can take the place of the missing piece, as it can be a DAC/amp combo, just a DAC, or just an amp. It also can be run from just my phone (Pixel 1XL) using the USB OTG adapter that came with my phone (and USB type A female to C male dongle). Schiit is also a local company for me so I'm a bit biased.

99.9% of the time it's hooked up to my PC though. 
Check out rtings for some reviews and graphs.

https://www.rtings.com/headphones/reviews/beyerdynamic/dt-990-pro

https://www.rtings.com/headphones/reviews/beyerdynamic/dt-880

Keep in mind, of you don't have an amp, you can't power 250 ohm headphones. Get the 32 ohm version. If you have a decent sound card or a reasonable high end motherboard (if using PC), you might be able to power the 80 ohm at good volume.

I have the DT 990 250 ohm limited edition (black with a straight cable), and my DT 770s come in on Wednesday (for my work set of cans). 
I turn all animations to "lightning" or whatever Nova calls them, as well as setting everything to 0.5 in the developer options. Animations are fine, but I want them over *fast*. That's just my preference though. 
Nova definitely does the dock search bar too.
Can't Nova also do everything shown there?
I'm in desperate need of [this meme](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/006/077/so_good.png) with Mueller's face after this news, if anyone has the talent. 
I play 100 FoV on a 16:9 and if anything I'd boost it. I may have fisheye, but it's saved my ass countless times. 
One of my friends has 2 reds he got from his only 2 champ emperor's chests. Still hasn't hit gear level 300, but has 2 300 reds. And here I am, barely able to roll an orange. 
This is nonsense, I've been downed during F before when a boss staggered me and everyone else got their hits in. 
Yeah, but shotgunning into a crowd gets crits. If you're not using the shotgun then yeah, it's fairly balanced. Maybe put a delay in the ammo gain? 
If I'm doing my math right, 2.1V with 46 ohm, 103dB/mW cans will get loud enough to make your ears bleed. Even the Dragonfly Black should be fine.

Edit: that was in the "on" mode. In "off" mode you might need the Red. 
I tried them at CanJam this past weekend back to back with the 400i/4XX. The Sundara was definitely clearer overall. Much, much better sound separation in the high bass/low mid where a lot of open back headphones tend to be a little muddy. It was the defining feature of those headphones and what made them really catch my attention, that there was far less bass interference with vocals than most everything else I tried that day. And as you mentioned, the highs weren't so harshly sibilant. 

Others like this:

The 660S improved clarity over the 650/6XX. It's a good improvement in my my option. 

The Focal Clears were the most clear cans I've ever heard and nothing else that I've heard lives up to it. The Sundara was extremely clear, but not to the same degree.

I like clarity. 
No, unfortunately. But no one uses it other than a select crazy few who update it for no one but themselves. 
FYI, aznidentity is a hate sub. That's not exactly a good example. 
Aznidentity is also a hate sub. I don't think anyone sane would use them as an example of anything except "what not to do". 
Can't really tell unless we switch the dongle around between phones. Maybe the Razer phone itself is causing the distortion and not the dongle, who knows without a better test?

Edit: as an unrelated side note, the Oneplus 5/T supports LDAC now too. I checked last night. 
I don't know about the 2, but my 1XL went through hell this past weekend at SoCal CanJam (a headphone convention). Every time I swapped amps I had to reboot the phone or it just wouldn't output anything, using an amp, jack, or the built-in speakers. Sometimes it would need a reboot just from pausing the music and turning off the screen while I swapped headphones connected to the amp. This happened with both self powered amps (like many on display) and amps that drew power from my phone (like my Fulla Schiit 2). It was a nightmare. Until Google fixes this nonsense there's no way I'll ever get a phone without a jack. 
>why is this so cheap?

No kidding. Can I have it instead? 
> anyone who doesn't make over 100k a year

I'm here and the Republican's economic policies still suck for me. There's a good chance I'll never own a house in a halfway decent neighborhood if the Dems don't move on development reform, because the Republicans will only make that worse.
Trump has fired so many cabinet members that they can form an effective wall across the US/Mexico border by all linking arms.

It's making fun of how fast Trump goes through people. 
Maybe, I didn't take any of the material home with me from the event other than the map and list of companies in attendance. I really should have picked up more stuff and taken a ton of pictures. Honestly, I had no idea what I was getting into and didn't think it would be anywhere near as awesome as it was. I'm very glad I took my portable amp at least. 
Pretty sure it was just the visual core being enabled in 3rd party apps for the Pixel 2/XL.

https://www.theverge.com/circuitbreaker/2018/2/5/16973286/google-pixel-visual-core-pixel-2-app
It was primarily the level of clarity. They had the same overall sound signature (a bit warm, slightly mid-forward), but were noticeably clearer. The bass muddied the low-mids a good degree less on the 660S than the 650/6XX, and made the already detailed Sennheiser sound even more detailed. If you listen to music with powerful male vocalists (which I did a lot of referencing with), these were a distinct improvement.

Being an engineer, listening to them reminded me of looking at an [exploded view of an assembly](http://www.automotiveillustrations.com/carimages/exploded-drawing-car-disk-brake-unit.jpg), with details clearly separated and easy to pick out.

For reference, someone had brought a 650 and 6XX over to the Sennheiser table (which didn't have a 600/650) and I had the chance to try them all back to back. There was a ton of headphone sharing going on.
It's not that I'm looking for something that discord doesn't use, but something that games/windows/browsers don't by default. That way I don't back out of a webpage I'm looking at if I ever talk in discord. Thanks for the help though, I'll keep researching.
Hey, since you seem to know how this software works, I have another question. I want to use the sniper button as a push to talk key. Right now I have it set to "[" and set [ as PTT in discord, etc. But of course, it types when I PTT. Is there a way to set the key to "mouse 10" or something generic that programs will register, but won't cause other actions?

Thanks for any help you're able to give.
And those Southern Democrats soon became Republicans. But I guess the schools didn't teach you that.
Did they ever fix the AI? Enemy civilizations would expand fine, but would *never* upgrade or equip their units. 
Did you drop the world fantasy there? If so, give Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes a shot (don't get the original, legendary heroes is a standalone title with everything from the original). It's like Civ but with way better unit building, quests, and combat mechanics. Loads of neutral enemies to deal with too. AI players lack some intelligence though.

There are mods, and the only one I'd say to get on your first game is the one that allows you to build bridges to expand cities across small rivers. That was a big oversight in the original game. 
I had to turn of my script blocker, but it says $30 Canadian. 
I was also bummed that they didn't have the M560 out. I keep hearing great things about them but haven't seen one in person.

I was pretty impressed by the 1060c though. 
That's interesting, they had that listed on all the promo material around their booths. And it was quite light. 
>M565 - meh, nothing special. Not worth.

Complete agreement, they sounded like mud. 

Did you try the Hifiman Sundara? Those stole the show for me. 
[This thing?](https://www.amazon.com/Ear-Buddy-Headphone-Optimizer-Travel/dp/B075PVVHF5) Isn't that just a ground loop isolator? 
The Sundaras are thinner and noticeably lighter than the HE400/i/s, so maybe they'll help. I tried them today.
Let me put it this way, I think it's probably a good deal more expensive than the Clears, and probably the Utopias. That whole booth was decked out. They said they rented a T1 fiber line for the event just to make sure no one ever buffered. Talk about overkill. Yet still the iPads they used for song selection were bugging out.

Why'd you leave LA? I couldn't imagine moving away from Southern California, it's amazing here. Housing cost is pure insanity though. 
While I obviously can't say anything about their lasting quality, they felt more robust than 400/i, 4XX, etc. 
I tried them today too at CanJam. Yeah, they're far, far better than I could have hoped for. They're clear and detailed yet have great bass. Highs are distinct yet not sibilant. Soundstage for days.

Seriously, the only thing I liked as much at that event were the Focal Clears, but those are what, $1500? BTW, does anyone know what Focal was using to power their cans today? I forgot to write it down and it was magical.

Edit: side note: to me, the HD 660S was a clear improvement over the 650 and 6XX. This was the first time I could try them all next to each other. 
Ones that use decent audio codecs are crazy expensive though, and usually don't auto connect from what I've seen. The only place I've even seen a mobile AptX HD receiver without a pure garbage DAC is an audio show I went to today. [$129.](https://www.bluewaveaudio.ca/product/get-wireless-hifi-headphone-amplifier-bluetooth-headphones/?v=7516fd43adaa) I think the tech needs another 2 years.
> I haven't been able to find a retailer that would ship it to Canada.

https://www.razer.com/ca-en/mobile/razer-phone-audio-adapter

Not having a headphone jack sucks and I hate that I even have to link this.
To add to what others have said, there also aren't really decent studio monitoring bluetooth headphones available, especially not ones with sufficient clamping force and absolute noise isolation like drummers require. 

Headphones like [this](https://www.amazon.com/Beyerdynamic-770-closed-Monitoring-Headphones/dp/B000F4KWQI). They sounds pretty bad for everyday listening, but it's what you need for drumming.
> i wish they had some kind of keychain connector

You can make one really easily. Just take the male end of a 3.5mm jack and put it on a key ring. Alternatively, you can buy one.

[The "Dongle Dangler" ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)](https://www.amazon.com/Dongle-Dangler-headphone-adapter-keychain/dp/B01MSYT8HH)

Disclaimer: Removing the jack was dumb as hell and the #1 reason why I didn't get a 2XL.
While AptX Low-Latency (it has to specifically say low-latency or LL) exists, you have to specifically buy headphones that support it, which are rare. Just give me a damn headphone jack.
Those are kinda rare and really expensive for the quality they offer.
> I don't understand why they took it off

To sell you accessories.
Disneyland is in California, you'll be fine. I'd avoid the dark red states though. 
The CA primary is now on Super Tuesday. 
All your feats must be extra wildshapes! Can you still do that in 5e? I'm a 3.5e person. 
Yep! I love the reflection of "nerd culture" gatekeeping too. Because it's completely on point. 
My girlfriend got the collector's edition and it actually arrived 2 days ago. I think the same thing about it as others in this thread, it's good, but rather subdued compared to the last couple albums. Nothing really stands out. I need to listen more though. And I see them in concert on Cinco de Mayo, directly following a brewery festival. 
Mine arrived 2 days ago. I was pleasantly surprised. 
>* Goshen trying to wrestle a fully grown wyvern, and having it go just about how you'd expect it to.
* That one time we somehow didn't get murdered by cultists, even when they found their dead boss and his wyvern on the boat we sailed in on.

Sounds like Goshen did a damn fine job to me. 
So couldn't you just wildshape back into bear form when you hit a high enough level and run off back to the woods? 
Someone resurrected Monty Python chatter and shoved it in a superhero movie and we ended up with the gem, Thor Ragnarok. 
That DLC is one of the greatest things gaming has ever produced. It's simultaneously hilarious, a critique of the gaming community, and actually has character development.

Edit: I recommend playing the Torgue DLC first though, it's also great and introduces Torgue, who makes an appearance in the Dragon Keep DLC. And he's just awesome and voiced by Mr. Satan from DBZ. 
I had a similar experience with Mechromancer, but I had to get to mid levels first. Playing an anarchy build, I'd have negative several hundred percent accuracy, but 1.5x that in positive damage. Then, half of my bullets fired would ricochet off any object they hit towards the nearest enemy's head. So you had to be very close to even use ranged weapons, and she has very little defense, but an ability that completely restores shields when you kill an enemy. So you had to be constantly killing stuff to stay alive.

I had a blast with that class and could never switch to anything else after I played it (I had high levels of all other classes before Mechromancer launched). 
Xcaret is probably my favorite place to go in Cancun. I could stay there for a week and be perfectly happy.

Chichen Itza is a different level of hot though. It's downright oppressive. 
Search KiA in this sub, it was pretty big drama a couple months back. Pretty juicy too. So, the real drama started with [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/SubredditDrama/comments/7u26i0/drama_erupts_in_rkotakuinaction_when_a_moderator/) and [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/SubredditDrama/comments/7vi80i/a_schism_is_growing_in_the_gamergate_community_as/), and eventually resulted in [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/SubredditDrama/comments/7zbkjt/rkotakuinaction_mods_add_new_rules_resulting_in/) soft ban of white nationalism. By soft ban, I mean the rules mention nothing of it, but the rules were meant specifically to target it. KiA has been haven for the *white genocide* types for a long time and it was only getting worse, so the mods did something about it. I guess that's one thing I agree with them on. 
Remember, they had to make a rule against that because so many people *were* talking about it. 
Thanks for throwing help! 
Didn't go to Chichen Itza, huh? Because damn it's hot and humid there. Awesome though. 
I was at work and thought a fat guy walked by my desk (my wing of the building is really wobbly), but I looked up and there were no people. Must have been an earthquake.
Before usually had an actual purpose, like a surge in drug/weapon smuggling (in Obama's case) or a surge in people crossing (in Bush's case). Neither are of particular note right now, in fact, we're in an illegal immigration slump. I'm all for Nation Guard assistance if we're in a crisis, but currently we're nowhere near one and it's just a waste of money and political posturing for his base of military fetishists and his anti-trade stance. The more enemies he makes, the more his base feels attacked, the more driven they are. 
I once again feel the need to apologize to the rest of the world for the cringe that our president subjects them to. We are sorry and feel it even more acutely than you. 
I'm stuck between Monolith M560 (closed configuration) vs. DT 770 32 Ohm. The biggest concern to me was originally comfort (where stock the 770 wins), but I can put better pads on the M560 without issue. I'm so torn! Can anyone compare them? 

Source: Phone (Pixel 1XL)

Usage: Work, while at my desk. Must be closed back. 

Music: Power/symphonic metal.

Price: doesn't matter, they're pretty much the same.
Same here. 24" monitor but it's on a desk mount and much closer to me than most people. I can stomach the warping for the additional peripheral vision (and avoiding damage) it gives me. 
I'm sure he just had his lawyer send that payment. 
Oh yeah, totally. Maybe people can figure it out by using the end game stats screen. I have no desire to spend that kind of time though. 
As you mentioned before, stamina has a visual representation and is easy to test. Reroll a weapon from no stamina to +2, don't re-equip, and jump in mission. Check the visible shields and count the number of pushes you can do in a row. 
I'm wondering if the properties would apply correctly without re-equiping if you went into a mission. Easy enough to test if someone has mats to spare. 
The last poll I saw (January) had a majority saying they weren't going to vote for him. Now, things will obviously change once a Democratic contender is announced, but current projections say "toss-up". 
Oh yeah, there's plenty around that sounds great. Hell, Avantasia's The Watchmaker's Dream and Ghostlights are a straight up "finding God" story, but Ghostlights is one of my favorite albums ever. I wouldn't classify them as gospel music though, rather religiously inspired power metal. Khan's recent stuff has been gospel music, unfortunately. 
Ah yes, one of two times in your life when Republicans care about you; pre-birth and draft age. 
Yeah, his voice is great but it's just gospel music. It's a little ironic, but the vast majority of it just uninspired and musically boring, at least from a power metal fan perspective. 
There are several states where gender identity is a protected class.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LGBT_employment_discrimination_in_the_United_States#State_law
Did you see his Egg Roll "speech"? He's senile and there's no denying it at this point. He's talking to children and has the damn Easter Bunny next to him, and he's going off on how great he's made the military. In a speech to children. 
Apparently not. I doubt he's ever mailed or shipped anything on his own. 
Looks like at least some of the houses were in rural areas, so maybe? 
Hey, sorry to necro this topic, but I'm looking at the M560s right now to replace my current work cans, a set of NVX XPT100s (Brainwavz HM5 clones). I'd be using them in closed back configuration, unfortunately. How do they sound as closed back? Do you run any EQ? Are the pads large enough to not squish your ears? If the cups are large enough, I was thinking of taking off the angled pads of my XPT100 and putting them on the M560s because they're so damn comfortable, and would probably increase the soundstage a tiny bit.

Think they're worth it in my situation?

I'm also contemplating the HE4XX for home use. I currently run DT990 Pros and my old HD558s. Think they're an upgrade or a side grade from the DT990s?

Thanks! 
OK bot, you at least passed the bullshit test. 
I'm interested in planar magnetic headphones and happen to want to upgrade my set of work cans. Right now I'm using a set of NVX XPT100 (Brainwavz HM5 clone) and they're pretty good. I got them from a recommendation here and they were spot on what I wanted at the time. The best part about them is that they're comfortable as hell when I'm wearing them 5+ hours a day. 

So I'm looking at the Monoprice Monolith M560, but I'm not finding reputable reviews. I'd normally like to see some decent frequency response graphs. I'm an engineer and this kind of data is a bit of an obsession. Anyone here have experience with them? I need something closed back for work.

I'm also debating picking up the Hifiman HE4XX on Massdrop right now just because. I highly prefer open back at home.

Cost: I'd like to keep each purchase under $200 if possible.

Source: Home Schiit Fulla 2, work Pixel 1XL.

What I have already: HD558, DT990 Pro 250 Ohm, NVX XPT100.

Music: I tend to listen to power/symphonic metal.

Location: US. 

I prefer cans that are closer to neutral/analytical but can lean on the fun side.

I EQ the sibilance of my DT990 down a bit so they're not so fatiguing. They sound amazing, I just wish the soundstage was as good as my HD558s.

Thanks for any help you're able to give!
!isbot --BotDetector--
Wouldn't that just be like Syndicalism? Instead of government or personal ownership of the means of production, it's union ownership, and the unions controlled by the workers. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Syndicalism
https://www.razer.com/mobile/razer-phone-audio-adapter
I'm interested in planar magnetic headphones and happen to want to upgrade my set of work cans. Right now I'm using a set of NVX XPT100 (Brainwavz HM5 clone) and they're pretty good. I got them from a recommendation here and they were spot on what I wanted at the time. The best part about them is that they're comfortable as hell when I'm wearing them 5+ hours a day. 

So I'm looking at the Monoprice Monolith M560, but I'm not finding reputable reviews. I'd normally like to see some decent frequency response graphs. I'm an engineer and this kind of data is a bit of an obsession. Anyone here have experience with them? I need something closed back for work.

I'm also debating picking up the Hifiman HE4XX on Massdrop right now just because. I highly prefer open back at home.

I'd like to keep each purchase under $200 if possible.

Source: Home Schiit Fulla 2, work Pixel 1XL.

What I have already: HD558, DT990 Pro 250 Ohm, NVX XPT100.

I tend to listen to power/symphonic metal.

I prefer cans that are closer to neutral/analytical but can lean on the fun side.

I EQ the sibilance of my DT990 down a bit so they're not so fatiguing. They sound amazing, I just wish the soundstage was as good as my HD558s.

Thanks for any help you're able to give!
I think a little closer to /r/forwardsfromgrandma. 
>Attack their political opinions all you like. Personal attacks are just shameful. 
That doesn't address the point at all. 
Branco is immune to irony and hypocrisy. 
Yeah, that's the current record holder. People take video games pretty seriously. 
Laura Ingraham, for one. Attack their political opinions all you like. Personal attacks are just shameful. 
https://www.reddit.com/r/StarWarsBattlefront/comments/7cff0b/seriously_i_paid_80_to_have_vader_locked/dppum98/
Oh, there are plenty of local stories of him being being a total piece of shit as well. His approval in his own district is abysmal, but since they're mostly right white people, any Republican is better than any Democrat, no matter how bad (unless it's Trump, even they hate him more).

Still, we're working on getting him out. It's necessary for the Dems to take the House. 
Don't remind me, I'm trying to buy here right now. At least the state is trying to force through more sensible development restrictions (that would ease impossible local development restrictions). 
There's literary nothing in the game that lets you know the beam staff has this extra firing mode, and it's the only weapon that behaves this way. I *love* Vermintide 2, but the game is really lacking in the information department.

The sniper shot totally makes the weapon too. It deals absurd single target damage, and the tiny AoE (the rats need to be stacked on top of each other to hit, but that happens often in a horde) is just icing. It's the most OP weapon in the entire game and most Pyros don't even bother with melee because it's so good and the shotgun blast is way better than swinging a weapon. 
Anytime. Also check out /r/Vermintide for guides. And memes. Lots and a lots of memes. 
Just melt down the gear that's low level and you'll have plenty of materials to work with. Note that if the gear is equipped on any character of any class, it won't show up in the screen to melt down stuff. Then take a look at what you have. Is your best beam staff close in hero power to your highest hero power staff of any kind (like, within 10 power)? If yes, cool, if not, Forge a new one and it will be. Then take that beam staff and toss it in the upgrade forge until it's orange quality, which means it has a trait. Then you can toss it in the *reroll trait* forge until you get the trait you want. The last part will be the most difficult for you since at your level you probably don't have the materials to reroll traits, as you need to melt down orange items to get them. Don't worry though, the Pyromancer using a beam staff is the most OP combo in the game, even without infinite heat. 
Pyromancer is Sienna's second class, which you unlock at level 7. Use a beam staff, they're good against literally everything in the game. Perfect accuracy, low heat, the basic attack erases single units, clears hordes with the charge attack (it's a fire shotgun), and the sniper shot (hold left click to fire the normal beam, then click right click to detonate the beam) melts armor and does a slight AoE. Talents are pretty obvious, pick the ones that reduce overcharge. The key before you get to those talents is to upgrade your staff to orange then reroll the trait until you get one that reduces overcharge on crit. Then try to equip +crit chance gear. Then you just sweep your beam across rats and watch all the overcharge go away. 
Play as bounty hunter or huntsman and you'll be using guns 95% of the time. With Waystalker you use a bow instead. Pyromancer if you want a magical beam gun and fire shotgun, and instead of ammo you have to manage heat (except not really because with talents you vent heat faster than you gain it). 
You can do single player with bots, but don't. The community is quite good and since it's a co-op game everyone just wants to help each other succeed. Quick play match making takes like 5 seconds maximum to find a match right now.

Even single player requires an internet connection. The game runs an anti cheat. 
Well, this one is super religious, so I guess it fits. He's been signing in his church in the meantime, so this makes sense. 
Because conservatives tend to be very, very gullible. 
Don't lump us all in with the beach cities. They're crazy there. 
Zyklon Ben is a thinly veiled racist, it's no wonder he loves Bannon. 
You know sarsaparilla is a real thing and not just from fallout, right? 
Dwarf openly likes everyone. He's just a positive dude. 
While you *can* do 2 players and 2 bots, I wouldn't recommend it. The community is quite good and since it's co-op, people generally just want to help the team succeed. I play often with 1 or more friends and we just pick up randoms. 9/10 times it works great. 1/10 we have to carry them, but it's still better than a bot. 
> I do feel that boycotting over every little dumb thing is censorship

So you want to *force* people to associate with those they don't want to? Because that actually is against free speech, which the freedom of association is part of. You have no idea what censorship is.
Yeah, but it's not good anymore.
/r/SubredditDrama changed to all furry-speak. Check the sticky. It's awful in an entertaining way, so at least there's that. NSFW though. 
So TPB has a lot of popular stuff, but it's also not really curated. You'll find *some* rips have poor audio, or maybe some skipping. This can happen with DVD rips, especially for seasons of TV shows since the ripper isn't going to watch the whole thing before seeding. On most private trackers, this just wouldn't fly. A user would report it and comment on it, the torrent might be taken down (depending on the problem), and the ripper would fix it quickly. It was a community and people took some measure of pride in their uploads. There also tended to be a ton of more obscure content, and way, way more college text books, the holy grail of torrents. 

For RevoTT, it was scene and requested content only. If something was inactive for like 2 week, it was deleted. You could request content be re-uploaded in the forums. And a giant chunk of the uploaders there rented servers in Russia to host their uploads, so you'd always max out your download speed. No errors in any torrents were allowed, they'd be immediately deleted. The downside was that it was insanely hard to maintain a decent seeding ratio. The users were all crazy data hoarders. 

What.cd had everything under the sun. You could find an album from an obscure local band that never sold it online, and you could find it in every different format and encoding possible. FLAC, MP3 320, multiple kinds of MP3 VBR settings, WAV, etc. Absolutely no errors were tolerated. Transcodes were forbidden.

Private trackers were more of a community rather than a mass of internet randos. 
Tell me about it. Everyone starts early now because they have to be first or something. Soon enough it's going to be the new Christmas, where it encroaches more and more on previous days. 
There were some really quality private trackers back then, like Demonoid, RevoTT, and what.cd. Pirate Bay was/is like the McDonald's of torrents, but now it's one of the only remaining options with anything on it. 
An attempt at an April Fool's joke. 
RIP [good] Demonoid. It had everything and it downloaded crazy fast. For scene stuff, I knew the admin of RevoTT who just edited my seeded number to like 2TB and let me go crazy. And What.cd for quality audio, that's especially hard to find now a days.

But I make a lot more money now and I buy the majority of everything so it's not so bad. 
I usually play RPGs and occasionally games like Vermintide. I tend to spend between 1-3 months on a game before beating it, so it's little awkward to be in either the <1 or 1-11 tier. 
Great work OP, I actually laughed. 
Joke's on you, I love this song.
I'm an aerospace engineer and I'm making this ლ(ಠ益ಠლ) face as hard as I possibly can. 
I must not piss in the popcorn. I must not piss in the popcorn. I must not piss in the popcorn. I must not piss in the popcorn. I must not piss in the popcorn. I must not piss in the popcorn.

-Aerospace engineer

This one hurts me. The stupid is so thick I can see it. 
Dude, a lot of us have been playing since beta. 
I've literally never seen someone rage in this game yet, let alone enough to call the whole community toxic. This is a crazy overreaction. 
Never give up, never surrender!

Especially if you have an IB in the party. 
I just got the double Mohawk, my first cosmetic, 2 nights ago. I'm so psyched to use it. 
Sounds like early beta. Those spawns were pure nonsense. 
And they attack so fast that your shield doesn't hold up for long at all. They were my worst enemies in beta. 
>I have a bit over 100h in Vermintide 2 and I still don't know how to kill these guys.

The answer is the same for every enemy in the game: beam staff. It works against everything and you never need to worry about overheat. This is called *balance*. 
It's not even that good chicken, and the recipe is very easy to replicate if you really like it. I get if you love in the boonies and don't have much choice, but we have tons of far better options in the cities and suburbs. CFA is also really expensive for the amount and quality of food you get. 
Those places were built before cars were invented and developed around walking everywhere. California was built around vehicle ownership. It's a challenge that we have to overcome somehow. 
The latest poll has it at Newsom 22%, Villaraigosa 14%, Cox 11%, and Chiang 9%. Things can change quickly in state politics though. 
And all of those nicknames are either descriptive or positive, like drengberazi being roughly "brothers in arms". 
>Like I thought sue warmed up to Seinna and Markus a bit from the first one.... she just seems bitchier. 

[This sums up this sentiment.](https://i.redd.it/oerixrf7z5m01.png) 
Don't you have to edit a dll or exe for that to happen? You'd have to find the right file to unpack and repack though, if you can even do it. 
This nonsense is why I play IB focused on stamina, block cost reduction, and stamina regen and just shield bash everyone to let my group clean them up safely. 
Works great with the drakefire pistols as well. They have a super tiny AoE, so when they all jump across stacked together, it hits every one. 
Just FYI, the meta overcharge weapons are entirely unaffected by the penetration changes. Drakefire pistols don't pierce with either firing type, the regular shots just have a really tiny AoE and the charge attack is considered a fan shaped AoE instead of bullets. The flamethrower is a fan AoE too. Beam staff regular fire has no pierce, the sniper shots are considered a tiny AoE, and the charge attack is another fan AoE. 
/r/dirtbagcenter
Apparently the power cap is broken and not applying. 
Yep, that's what I had to do. Master volume at 50% and voice volume at full. And that just barely brings voice chat into audible range during horde music. 
My Republican rep hasn't been seen at a local gathering since November 2016. Wonder why.
>I'm pretty used to seeing IBs taking sub 200 damage, so it's always an unpleasant surprise to get that one who ends up with 900+ damage taken.

So I main IB and usually have almost no damage taken. But every now and then I get a mission where I have 800-900 damage taken, yet I used no healing and didn't lose more than 20% health. I can only guess this is from me venting overheat on my pistols through white health. It just makes me look really bad. 
The friends I play with are Pyro and elf, and I can say that it's both of them. 
I had a stormvermin patrol march out of the ground on Empire in Flames last night, right in the middle of my group. Needless to say, we were caught a bit off guard. Still survived with grims/tomes intact, but elf died and we got to enjoy some blessed minutes of silence. 
While I don't think 5 hits is reasonable, IB absolutely melts CWs. Axe and shield is ridiculously strong against them. You have enough stamina to take all their hits and your axe pierces armor. I still wouldn't attempt to solo 5, way too much can go wrong in that kind of situation and it's not worth the risk. 
If everyone is prepared to bring the hammer down on them, yeah, that works great and has little risk. The problem is when the damn elf pulls them when everyone else thought they were sneaking past, and are suddenly caught out of position and without the opportunity to hit them at range while they closed with you. That's when things go sideways, fast. 
And I don't want to pay for someone else's wars either, shit isn't fair sometimes, but we all chip in. 
You're only lying to yourself at this point man. Have a good day, you're not worth the effort. 
Not in the least. You don't get banned for posting to that sub and you don't receive notifications from subs you're banned from unless you're subbed or post there. Exactly like I said. You're a liar and you know it. I provided examples *from this thread* and the mod verified. 
I remember getting *new* 290s for a hair under $200 because of the miners dumping. The nice, Sapphire Tri-X OC kind too. I bought tons and put them in my client builds. 
Not in the long term. Mining is tied to crypto market fluctuations and miners will dump their card stocks if they're not profitable, flooding the used market. Gamers don't tend to sell their cards, they use them on average for 3 years then buy another. Loads of cheap cards on the used market harms Nvidia's future sales. Gamers also buy accessories like shield tablets and gsync monitors, miners don't. Gamers are Nvidia's long term customers, miners are only here while the craze lasts, they're not a good bet. 
Liar. 
>Lol, you literally get banned from THIS sub for just posting on the '...' . You get the ban notification from here before you even know the sub exists.

---

> It's pretty common knowledge if you post there, you get an automated ban from here.

No you don't. And no you don't get ban notifications from subs you're not subscribed to or don't post in. That hasn't been the case for years.
Try the Monoprice earbuds. Their stuff is usually rugged as hell and the sound quality is a couple tiers higher than where they're priced at.
Airpods only support SBC and AAC, you're better served with something that does AptX HD or LDAC if you're picky about sound quality.
This is an easy one. Stop lying and I'll stop calling you a liar.
You continue to lie. Here are examples from just this thread. Check their comment histories.

https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughTrumpSpam/comments/87njkk/literally_how_rthe_donald_works_a_group_of/dwekbks/

https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughTrumpSpam/comments/87njkk/literally_how_rthe_donald_works_a_group_of/dwee4z9/
>You get the ban notification from here before you even know the sub exists.

You know how I know you're lying? Because you don't get ban notifications from subs you're not subscribed to and don't post in.

Also, we get people posting here with The Dumbass in their post histories often. We enjoy mocking them.
At least recently ETS has toned down the meme shit. It was definitely annoying.
Yes, but Kim strikes me as an "if I'm going down, I'm taking as many of you with me as possible" kind of guy if he thinks he's about to lose power, be it an internal coup or otherwise. I'm not saying he's going to strike over nothing though.

This whole situation reeks of him fishing for sanction relief, just like his father. I'd love this to be a start to a lasting peace, but I just don't see it.
I was going more for another country that had a nuclear program that discontinued it and probably wouldn't have been screwed with if they hadn't, but yes, those are decent examples too.
So let's try to avoid the whole war thing.
> Look what happened in Iraq.

And Libya.
Sure, but Seoul will still be leveled.
I know a Pepsi exec who sneaks in Coke in their thermos. I don't really get the stigma. I'll wear something Airbus gave me to meet with some Boeing people and the other way around and no one cares.
I'm a huge Zoolander fan but Kung Pow never did it for me. Kung Fu Hustle on the other hand is still amazing and has only gotten better with time. 
A local brewery makes an orange mocha frappuccino beer. It's pretty amazing. 
>But that was the night before when the people in the white shirts and khakis were the only ones there.

Trump's "very fine people" quote is from August 15. The murder of Heather Heyer was August 12th. Trump had 3 days to get his facts straight, and he absolutely knew they were literal Nazis by then. Even his "many sides" comment came in reaction to the murder, which was after the videos of swastikas and Nazi chants were all over the internet.

I believe you have mixed up the time line. Here's a sequence of events with Trump's statements.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unite_the_Right_rally#President_Trump's_statements

>Either way, he’s had plenty of chances to distance himself from it and he hasn’t.

Yes, absolutely. 
Responding to /r/conspiracy users with [screencaps from the *Foil* music video](http://www.etonline.com/sites/default/files/styles/max_970x546/public/images/2014-07/1280_trending_weirdal_lorde_071614.jpg?itok=1NzTo8Ao) is endless fun. 
>Most people didn’t know that the counter protestors were literal white nationalists at that point.

There were literal 3rd Reich flags all over the news, accompanied by chants of "blood and soil" and "Jews will not replace us" by the time he made that statement. He absolutely knew who they were and what they represented. I mean, Bannon and Miller were part of his core team, he's sympathetic to their cause.

I can see the average person who wasn't paying attention too closely to not quite get that it was a literal Nazi event, but not Trump. 
>but he’s not Trail of Tears bad.

Somehow Jackson is ranked around 9th best president ever. I don't get it either. Worst are usually Buchanan and Harding, for leading to the Civil War and extensive corruption and mismanagement, respectively. Looks like Trump is going to fall into the latter. I wouldn't be surprised if he ends up bottom 5.
He made that statement after he learned who they are. He had just denounced the Nazis the night before, but walked it back the next day with that "very fine people" nonsense. 
She had an aneurysm and now she's a literal Nazi that hangs out with Richard Spencer and praises Hitler. It's a common assumption that the aneurysm caused brain damage. 
Part of getting them help is giving them somewhere they can get a decent night's rest, shower daily, and have a mailing address. Kinda hard to land a job and take care of yourself without those things. BTW, I'm in walking distance of where they want to put one of the camps and I'm 100% for it. 
https://media.giphy.com/media/EldfH1VJdbrwY/giphy.gif
People on the CA/OC subs keep telling me "you wouldn't like it if they put them in your backyard!" Well, I live in walking distance from where they want to put one of their camps and yes, I welcome it. It'll be far more controlled and we can help them better than the shanty town along the Santa Ana River. Having them live on the streets instead of the river or a camp isn't a solution. 
We've been bussing the homeless from South County to Santa Ana for decades. It's shameful. 
Yep, and this is where the tragedy of the commons comes into effect. If we don't make changes nationally, all that happens is that blue states get to take care of a neverending stream of homeless people (not that we shouldn't do what we can). Red states will never act to stop the poverty cycle as long as they can just bus their homeless to cities in other states while claiming "personal responsibility and rugged individualism". 
I'm an aerospace engineer, and if I didn't have a girlfriend that lives with me I'd be nearly priced out of much of OC. Housing is criminally expensive here, and it's only getting worse. Irvine is now even trying to pass a resolution that a majority of voters have to approve of any new housing development, which means we'd never build any housing ever. 
Google Maps has Ikea store layouts now, so I guess just drop your pin in the center. 
He brandished a gun at a protest in response to school shootings. It's purely an intimidation tactic and multiple levels of fucked up. 
For a lot of government applications, that can be the biggest step in itself. Just to renew my drivers license this past time around (the new "Real ID" kind of license) I had to hunt down my birth certificate, my social security card, and a bill that proves residence (I'm 100% paperless billing, and finding an online bill with my address was harder than I thought). Just collecting these docs took more time than my visit to the DMV. 
[Always relevant.](https://thenib.com/radical-centrism-101)
They make great power strips and other power delivery related products. 
Yeah, at first I was like "no way they're comparing the guy toting a gun to a school shooting protest to Rosa Parks". But they are, and I continue to be shocked by what awful people they are. 
I don't know the original of this one, but those famous edits only turn up the volume of the dogwhistles already present in his cartoons. Like changing the Illuminati all seeing eye symbol into a Jewish face. Ben, we all know what group you're referring to with that symbol. You're only mad at /pol/ because it makes you too obvious to the ignorant. 
Yet he keeps lowering the bar. Elon Musk needs to hire Ben onto his Boring Company because Ben has managed to burrow into the Earth's mantle with nothing but a proverbial pen. 
No, it was mod removed. You can see it on ceddit if you want, but beware, it's super a super fucking creepy rapey fantasy. 
They're seriously comparing the guy using intimidation to preserve the status quo to Rosa Parks in there. Stupid has officially triumphed. 
Yeah, I'm not sure if they fixed the drake pistols charge attack doing all crits or no crits. I use them constantly, but I charge attack more for the knock back than damage and I tend to be very distracted by keeping my elf and mage alive so I don't pay much attention. 
Do you know of +power vs chaos would actually reduce the amount of shots they take to kill? I don't have 600 hero power quite yet so I can't test myself, but it usually takes 2 non crit body shots for me to down one on champ, and currently +vs chaos doesn't make that 1. Unless this is different for legend at 600 power, +vs armored/monster seems more useful and consistent since you need lots and lots of hits to take those down anyway and it does end up reducing the total shots needed to down one over the course of a fight. 
The beam staff used to do crits per cast instead of per hit. That means if you held down the beam and the first hit was a crit, every hit would be a crit as long as you held it down. If the first hit was not a crit, none of them would be. So people would go "crit fishing", where they'd continuously recast the beam until they got a crit then hold it. Since you can get the ability to reduce overcharge on crit, you could hold the beam forever against bosses.

They fixed this behavior sometime last week. 
Screaming bell, Fort Brachsenbrucke. 
I love the Hocus Pocus reference so damn much. 
Their ass. 
It doesn't resister AoE attacks. The flame sword seems to be calculated as an AoE attack rather than a melee attack, in that it pierces infinitely and the damage doesn't drop off, unlike all other melee weapons in the game. The drake pistols shotgun attack is definitely an AoE fan attack, in that it has no bullets are just hurts everything in an arc. For attacks it registers, it seems to calculate things correctly as host.
Yeah, but every time I mention anything on this sub I get buried in downvotes and responses of "then quit the game then!" This topic is refreshing. I love the game and want it to be even better. That only happens with constructive criticism. 
We already know a lot of talents are broken by not being host. Super frustrating that the bardin boss taunt only works for host, and even then sometimes not. 
Dummy seems to be fine as long as you're host. And it counts as skaven for purposes of damage boosts. 
No, it was broken then too. The host would lose all talents, traits, and weapon properties. On recruit and veteran this wasn't huge, but champ+ it was a big problem. And the boss bugged out like ~15% of the time. If you didn't have a problem with bosses it was down to luck. 
While they're not the paragon of virtue, they're just a normal company. The "Monsanto" company of the past just don't exist anymore. The chemical company portions have all been sold off and they only really exist as an agricultural science company now a days. And they're nowhere near the largest around, just the most demonized.

I don't *like* them in the least, I just don't understand the hate they get. 
Don't worry, there's been a concentrated effort by the organic lobby online to spread misinformation. Fake documentaries like Food Inc. are paid for by them to spread FUD, increasing organic sales. I originally fell for it too, but the more I read scientific journals on the subject the more I realized the BS. 
While that's some pretty blatant racism, the SRD rules state you need to at least have one link to a dramatic comment chain, and not just the entire topic.

https://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/wiki/rules

>When submitting drama do not link to the full comments. Instead link directly to the comment tree containing the drama.

As others have said, /r/Fuckthealtright is a good place for this one.
Not just duplicate, mine never go away. I mark them as done but they pop up a few hours later, endlessly. I eventually have to go into my list of reminders and manually delete them.

Also, I've been receiving duplicate notifications of all my email, including email tabs I have notifications set to off. This is extremely frustrating, I really hate unnecessary notifications.
We have this in California too. Works great. 
If the plants don't make it themselves, we're going to spray it on them in larger quantities anyway, organic crops or not (it's an organic pesticide). BT also has no method of interaction with human chemistry. 
>jamming sequences from something I wouldn't want to eat into my food is just unhygenic

Explain how. 
It'd be great if we could actually start using it. It'd completely eliminate cross contamination. People and dumb and scared of it through. 
That's a myth. That dude had 98% RR canola on his farm. That's not contamination, that's intentional. His farm hands testified against him too.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monsanto_Canada_Inc_v_Schmeiser
>I would think the fertilizers and pesticides used should be of a larger concern.

Agreed. Reducing pesticide usage is a large reason why farmers grow GM crops. Less pesticide usage means more money saved.

http://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0111629
None of what you said is correct.

1. The tech exists but has never been used. It would be great of they did because it'd completely eliminate cross contamination, but people are stupid, irrational beings so they're scared of it.

2. Commercial farmers don't save seeds outside of soybean farming anyway. It's cheaper to buy new seeds every season. Commercial farmers in developing nations are allowed to save seeds but still don't. 
FYI there's no GM wheat commercially available. 
GMOs reduce overall pesticide use, increase yields, and increase profits.

http://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0111629
Reddit isn't the critics though. Literally everything under the sun gets shit on here. 
Rotten tomatoes is purely *percent of positive reviews*, not an average score. If every critic everywhere said "B", it'd have a 100% on RT. This is what happened with Black Panther. Good movie that's liked, but not necessarily loved, by the vast majority of critics. This means a very high RT score. 
It's not. It received majority positive reviews and was well received by audiences. I swear most of the movies listed here are well reviewed and people are just farming karma. 
It wasn't. 
The Mummy was not hated by critics, it averaged a B. 
Where I am, good abby ales. There used to be a brewery that specialized in all sorts Belgian styles (RIP Valiant, you'll be missed), but since they've been gone the only thing I find much of are light Belgians done poorly. The Bruery made one recently, but it's just alright. 
So few heffs and even fewer good ones where I live. On the bright side, Mission heff is amazing but it's too far for me to get growlers often. 
I'm usually a BBA fan, but some of my favorites have been browns. Valiant's (RIP) coconut brown and Network Brewery's Illuminate Chimera vanilla brown are superb. At least Network is still around and makes theirs often. 
And even some for IB. I'm guessing people just try to screw with the poll. 
200 for recruit, 400 for veteran. They've stated as much several times, but it's definitely not something easily searchable. 
They supported Sanders to weaken Clinton. That was always their end goal. 
>We're talking a decade ago, not a century ago.

And all the events they listed happened within that time period. 
I still find it useful to apply classifications. Of course, a band or track can fall under multiple genres. It's great for music discovery and talking about specific tastes. Same way people classify beer/wine/etc by style. 
I have Kamelot/Delain back stage passes for the Shadow Theory tour. I'm so hyped. 
I had someone once tell me that KMFDM wasn't industrial. They're one of the pioneers of the subgenre. People are dumb. 
Let's just do it how beers do, it's not a "Belgian" beer, it's a "Belgian-style" beer if it's made somewhere else. I don't see a problem saying something is in the style of a JRPG outside of Japan, WRPG style outside of the west, or a CRPG style not on PC. 
I love telling these people that Led Zeppelin is my favorite metal band. They're not my favorite metal band but they *are* heavy metal, and that drives the black/death purists nuts. 
I'm not seeing a bit of symphonic, power, or nu on that list. You know, the kind they scream at you for for liking, because /r/metal is solid gatekeeping. If you aren't an exclusively black/death/doom/etc metalhead, stay far away from /r/metal because you're not welcome there. 
Red hats killed sarcasm on the internet. 
Or the majority of south county.
>Lineage = influenced by? How can that be measured?

There's actually academics doing just that. There are rock and roll historians who chart influences and subgenres and such. It's really interesting, they take it all the way back to influence from things like African chant. I took the class back in college, it was really interesting. 

Fun fact that I like to mention to metal gatekeepers, Iron Butterfly's *In a gadda da vida* (in the garden of eden) is often considered to be the first metal song. 
>Now it's gone so tribal and rigid that it isn't fun anymore.

I swear it's just the "black/death metal is only true metal" people. The metal crowd outside of those areas tends to be much more open. 
It plateaus for awhile in the middle as you level, but once you get synergy going with your class skills you start to really clean house. There are also tons of mods for you to change the game how you please.
The website is correct though. 
This is literally a list of what Trumpism stands for. And he's very popular among Republicans. You do the math. 
They put one of these people in the white house, I fail to see how they're a minority of Republicans nor that their influence is small. Trump also has an about 80% approval among Republicans. 
A technical flaw in the gameplay of a single character is easily forgotten because of the great story. 

Meanwhile, the mediocre story and awful characters in 7 are primary features which you can't ignore. It was visually amazing in its time, but man, that writing. 
>XIII got a lot of hate for reasons unknown to me

Because it was a corridor simulator for like, the first 2/3 of the game. Most people got bored and quit before it became bearable. 
Thanks for the links!

>It does not look like they might get it on the ballot this year, sadly.

Very unfortunate. I'll be pushing for it in 2020 then.

Edit: I think your Ballotpedia link is to a different Prop 18 initiative. It would supercharge it instead of cut it back. 
I need sources because this is the holy grail of California specific politics for me. 
OC was *the* California Republican stronghold for 80 years, uninterrupted. But Trumpism changed that. Even California Republicans don't have much of a stomach for the bigotry he brings to the table, or at least how blatant he is about it. 
And most I know are just temporarily embarrassed Republicans. ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
I guess it's picking up on what we quote from the drama. Or /s comments. Meta reddits have to be hell on Markov chains. 
I live in a heavily populated area and the only place I can find it is Smart and Final. 
Bots that analyze the sub that they're named after and use Markov chains to try to imitate how said sub posts. 
Give the [black label Valentina](https://www.souschef.co.uk/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/v/a/valentina-extra-hot-sauce.jpg) a shot if you haven't tried it before. I find it to be much more flavorful than the yellow. Harder to find though. It's my everyday favorite for things that call for more of a vinegary base. 
Unfortunately this one was bipartisan. 97 for, 2 against, McCain not voting. Of those 2 against it was 1 Democrat 1 Republican. I get why they voted for it, the bill was made to hold websites liable for child prostitution, but as congress often does with technology related bills, they fucked it up. 
>Seeing as I can only assume this comes as a response in school shootings recently

No, it's the new law just passes that makes websites more liable for content they host. If someone shoots up another school and the feds find they'd been watching tons of gun tutorials on YouTube, they'd be potentially liable. It's a stupid law (passed with what seemed to be good intent, stopping underage prostitution), but they have to cover themselves.

It's the same reason why subs like /r/beertrade just got nuked. 
It does suck, but what are you gonna do when the law now makes you liable? Google has to cover their own ass, and it's hard to blame them for doing so. 
>for literally no reason

A new law was passed that made them liable. That's a really damn good reason. Blame the law. 
Not true. Limiting access to the means of mass shootings works quite well and I support it fully. You might be fine with the ability for crazies to shoot innocents in droves, but I'm not. 
Blame the law that was just enacted. Google is just covering its own ass from the new liability. 
Sorry, it was from an article on google newsstand. I wouldn't know where to go to find it again. But as the other guy said, it's for demographic information and to gather voting trends in general.
Violent crimes overall are down, but mass shooting are way up. We'd like to curb that. 
I'm talking about exit polls I read yesterday. About 70% of voting Republicans say they still voted for him. That's disgusting. 
>and the Republican Party hates his guts.

Yet didn't he get something like 70% of the Republican vote? 
>Which trait?

Off Balance – Blocking an attack increases the damage the attacker takes by 50% for 3.0 seconds.

Time other characters active abilities with this, like Pyromancer. Bosses melt easily. 
>When will this just die. 

It's not going to anytime soon, unfortunately. They know it's a lie and they do it on purpose. I've seen them discussing it in their safe spaces, saying they're "redpilling the normies". 
As an engineer that made me want to punch my monitor.
You know all you tall folk look alike with your gangly limbs and beardless faces.
Dude, I've been there. I'm still for helping people whenever we can. I'm personally going to be close to one of the camps. 
I'm torn between that and him actually thinking he fits into the alt right crowd because he views himself as white. Well, they don't view him that way, even if his actual middle name is Aryan. 
I don't remember that phrase specifically, but the big one was something like,

Destiny: "so they shouldn't be having kids with white people?"

Jontron: "no, because then they'll pollute the gene pool"

Destiny: O_o

Edit: and things like "even the richest black people commit more crimes than the poorest white people" (this is monumentally false) 
100%, absolutely, dead serious.

Video included here.

https://www.reddit.com/r/SubredditDrama/comments/5z4o39/popular_youtube_gaming_comedian_jontron_streams_a/
He said, on camera, that's he's against race mixing in western nations, that it pollutes the gene pool. Among other stormfront nonsense. 
While perfectly valid to play as you wish, they have armor proficiency by default and don't take casting penalties for armor. It's definitely inefficient to not use armor, unless you're going for some crazy dex build. I'm a total metagamer so that kinda hurts me. 
A sub is a curated environment, not people. 
Last time I poked my head in there, the front page was like a mixture of uncensorednews, KiA, and gaming. So total shit. 
Who said anything about people? We just want the sub gone. 
>They ban people swapping beers, but hate speech is "valuable conversation" .

But really, this, 100%.
/r/beertrade
This beard has been wonderfully aged for a year on this **Kentucky** man of royal Russian origin. His favorite foods are dark chocolate, vanilla bean, and coffee.
RIP beer trade. [Here's pictures of my cats](https://imgur.com/a/jSlQa) to ease the pain. The calico needs a home because I'm allergic and we're a temp foster for it.

BTW, at Bottle Logic now, I'll toast a Fundamental Observation variant (the cinnamon roll one!) to the fallen sub. 
We do, but we're outnumbered by the Republicans that actually vote downticket. And we actually have more "unaffiliated" voters than voters in either party. I put unaffiliated in quotes because quite a lot are temporarily embarrassed Republicans. 
That's disappointing. I'm heavily into the OC/SD brewery scene and I love the culture of it. I'm actually heading over to Bottle Logic Brewing in just a moment for their anniversary event.
I don't understand. 
Believe it or not, they do oppose the company often enough. They just also happen to be solidly Republican and 100% NIMBY. 
Comparing one of the most left leaning places in CA to most anything else makes them look conservative, yes. That's a really low bar for conservatism though. 
Screw my neighbors, seriously.

On the bright side, politics are shifting in OC quickly and things are only getting better. 
Atomic Blonde did this well. The characters were progressively more bruised and beat up as the movie progressed, and being hit actually slowed them down and weakened them. 
How's their craft brewery scene? 
Buddy, Poe gives Finn [this look](https://i.imgur.com/6AwoWpB.gif) in episode 7. I don't think he's into Rey. 
I like Alien 3, but it was nowhere near the masterpiece that 1 and 2 were. Then 4 was just out of left field, but still not as utterly infuriating as the reboots, where the entire plot is driven by people doing stupid shit that no sane person would ever do. It's such lazy writing I don't understand how they're not criticized more. They have the writing quality of a B movie but want us to take it seriously. 
If we're talking about D&D, clerics are often tanks. Heavy armor and tons of self buffs to armor class and saves. 
Please tell this to my Vermintide party, thanks. 
I mean, if you want to be called bigoted slurs over minor disagreements, sure. 
Training for what? 
rbeertrade.com seems to be gearing up to do just that. We'll see in a few weeks I guess. 
Disneyland is OC. 
>I think both states are cool with it too.

I don't know anyone who even thinks about Arizona. 
Other than fly small planes around Prescott, what is there to even do in Arizona? 
Threw up in my mouth a little bit, thanks. 
Well, Jontron sure isn't anymore for obvious reasons. Unless you're alt right, then sure, I guess he's their new favorite gaming personality. 
He doesn't want brown people in the gene pool of western nations. Really. He said so on camera. Among other very racist remarks. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/SubredditDrama/comments/5z4o39/popular_youtube_gaming_comedian_jontron_streams_a/
First I need to remember to turn off my VPN when I host. 
While I agree with your points, shield also CCs armored. 
Pistol charge attack has a large AoE and knocks enemies down. It's very powerful and great crowd control. 
I'd say the OP had good picks in that area. The only thing I *might* change is swap the +HP for block sta cost reduction, depending on your play style.

Edit: except for the weapon trait. Off balance (?), where enemies take increased damage after you block them is crazy good. Block a boss then have one of your boss killers lay on the hurt. And pistols >>>>> flamethrower, but that's a different debate. 
I find the straight up "less overcharge" trait to be more useful than the "vent overcharge on crit". Too often I'll go 20+ shots with no crits, while the former doesn't depend on luck. 
IB main, you're 100% correct in my opinion. Pistols all the way, the flamethrower has way too much charge time now that can be better used elsewhere. Pistols save your team from specials and are excellent for a bash + charged pistols attack, or just opening with charged pistols right when the horde closes, knocking tons down and killing some. And blocking bosses using the trait is *huge*. Nothing else is worthwhile as long as that exists. 
Shade is like playing the base Sienna class. Pyro is so much better that from a meta perspective its a drag on the team.

However, play what you have fun with. Just don't expect for hardcore meta players to want to join, just like huntsman, base Sienna, or ranger (post health pot talent removal). 
Agreed. Although as a fire pistol ironbreaker, I'll pop some ambient rats as we run to keep up my white health and for horde insurance if the ambients are in a place that may suck for us if they join in. 
So many pug players seem to have a pathological need to kill every single rat ever, be it ambient or something clearly being taken care of already by another player. This includes putting an extra one into dying enemies "just in case". Yes, they can get ammo back from using their F, but then that's gone a few seconds later.

Even moderately skilled players don't do this, but there are a lot of bads out there. 
*Shoots tank in the back*

Edit: what I hear most often now a days, even on this sub sometimes, is "tanks are worthless". Know how I know they don't play on higher difficulties? 
I used to be on those lists back in the days of the huge anti-GMO push on reddit. Loads of nasty PMs and people following me around reddit. They haven't changed a bit. 
Ceddit to the rescue!

https://www.ceddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/85ygx9/there_is_a_private_subreddit_called_rconspiracy
I switched from Swipe last too. That used to be amazing before it was abandoned. 
Also give Simple for Facebook a shot. I've used both Metal Pro and Simple Pro over the years and Simple has won for me. 
Look at their comment history. If coontown was still around, they'd be a regular user. 
Eh, she was the hail Mary candidate because McCain's campaign saw no path to victory. Instead they fumbled the ball and turned a loosing game into an embarrassment. 
They don't care here. 
Emoluments clause. He's flagrantly in violation and the GOP doesn't care. 
The charged shotgun move on the drakefire pistols also has no projectiles. Makes it really hard to tell what arc they fire in and how far. It was that way in V1 too, at least back when I played. 
I once got hit mid-jump by the stupid, OP projectile ghost attack from the boss of Halescourge. Launched me 200 feet in the air.
A true role model for us all.
To be fair, it's also really hard to see them coming when you're so short and your own axes are flying in front of your face at breakneck speed.
The politicking fits right in with what TV has been going for in fantasy series lately though, so I think they have talent to pull it off. It doesn't need to be 100% accurate to the books, just keep to the general story. I don't care if they don't get Cadsuane's hair jewelry, described in detail in the books, exactly as I envisioned them. I care that they really show the nasty shit Rand has to deal with and Matt deploying weaponized snark at everyone he crosses paths with. There's also a million side characters that could easily be cut or reworked without altering the story at all, those books were littered with detailed characters who only have a line or two, if any at all.

Some of the middle books are going to see cuts, or at least a lot of events crammed into a short time, but that lines up with them being overly long without a great deal happening.

I think it can be pulled off, but those middle books may drag down the series. We'll see. 
This right here is why I'm excited for the Wheel of Time TV show (which Amazon is also doing). In the series, most of civilization is based on Mediterranean peoples of varying shades of brown with some odd Japanese and black peoples thrown in (most of the borderlands and Tear, respectively). The lilly white people are the desert savages. It'll drive the racists insane, I love it.

The main character is obviously white, from a town of brown people and they shrug it off with "his mom was foreign". It's the little things. 
I use a +sta regen and curse resist necklace(? I never remember which is which). I don't have cooldown gear. Curse resist, while I don't think *entirely* necessary as Ironbreaker, still gives you a lot more leeway for mistakes. As for my axe/shield, I do +sta and attack speed currently. I normally wouldn't recommend attack speed, but my friends don't watch their backs, or even their peripheral vision, so I'm constantly saving them from damage by only milliseconds and the attack speed helps with that when I don't want to waste a stamina shield on a bash. I'd rather take the extra -block sta cost. I'm also running very short on reroll mats and my luck sucks, so just getting the +2 sta is a huge win for me.

I feel as though my block angle is already massive so I don't pick up the block/push angle one with shield equipped. I swear I already block in like a 300 degree arc when I pick people up. 
I don't know how I feel about this. Some of my other, smaller subs completely died when they launched their discord. All discussion moved there and no one bothers with the sub anymore. It probably won't happen here, but so far I've seen zero positive effects from launching a sub controlled discord. We'll see I guess. 
I wish we were hiring. I'm in aerospace and the steel/aluminum tariffs are going hit us hard so we're hunkering down. If anything, it'll cause jobs to go overseas then the finished good can be sent here, bypassing the tariffs. 
85 for a plastic model? Damn, things have gotten far more expensive since I got out of the tabletop scene in the early 2000s. 
I love it when he teleports up to the second floor though. You can stand under him and attack him through the floor he's standing on and he doesn't shoot those stupid, OP ghosts when he's up there or teleport away after 1 hit.

And just to be clear, screw those ghosts. I was playing slayer the other day and one hit me while jumping, hurtling me 200 feet in the air. I managed to maneuver myself down to land on that pointy thing on the roof of the boss arena then spelunk my way back to the fight without taking additional fall damage. Ghosts OP. 
Stormfiend? The easiest miniboss in the game? He can suck in a hallway, but so can they all. 
Sometimes the swings have no hit box and do nothing, they just pass through all enemies. It makes the weapon unusable in higher difficulties, as a missed swing leaves you open to potentially multiple hits you thought weren't going to come. 
There are a few talents that are broken, like the ironbreaker boss taunt talent doing nothing. 
That one is working correctly and devs said the description is a typo. 
At least they fixed the footman level 15 talent completely breaking their passive last patch. That was a big one and killed the whole class. 
I think one of the distinctions is that posting on the linked drama is against the rules and the mods most definitely ban for it. I know I've gotten a couple dozen people banned or at least warned for it. There's only so much that can be done with the tools given to mods. Whereas talk of "redpilling the cucks" is common enough talk on some infamous subs and the mods do nothing about it. 
That's an awful map. [This is a better one](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e6/New_York_Presidential_Election_Results_2016.svg/800px-New_York_Presidential_Election_Results_2016.svg.png), but really it's just a heat map of population centers. NY went 59.01%/36.52%, that's quite blue.
I mean, free speech is intact in this relationship, which these people don't seem to grasp. The sponsor or company also has the freedom of association, and they're allowed to not associate with them at their discretion.

Not that you've said anything to the contrary. 
Unfortunately he's always been like that. He was the embodiment of LoL toxicity back when he played, and it's why he was banned. He might be funny, but damn is he awful as a participant. 
The struggle is real. There's so much amazing food near home and work that it's a daily fight to not blimp out.
I actually have 2 different taco trucks that come to my work daily, for breakfast and lunch. The kind where you have to order in Spanish and one of them has a car horn that plays la cucaracha. This is what heaven must be like. 
But they're not willing to have rational discussions. The hallmark of alt right argumentation is arguing in bad faith. Their ideas aren't defensible with fact and they know it, so they resort to name calling, pedantry, and appeals to "lol I trolled you" and "you mad". They're shit stirrers.

[This series](https://youtu.be/4xGawJIseNY) goes over the kinds bad faith arguments they pull. 
Show me where I said that. Quote it. 
The alt right is primarily defined by advocating for ethnostates. It's like their whole deal. Where have you been the past few years? 
500k sales in the first week and matchmaking is instant. I'm loving it. Tons more to do than the first one, and progression isn't 100% luck like the first one was on launch. There are actual levels, talent points to spec into at levels 5/10/15/20/25, and 3 classes per characters (15 total). It has much better staying power than V1. I highly recommend it. Please use a mic.

Mod tools and dedicated servers coming soon. Updates come fast. 
Seriously. I rarely use healing and I often save my team from a wipe. I had a run go straight to shit a couple days ago on the Halescourge boss. Pretty sure we got the bug where hordes don't stop spawning. There were 5 deaths during the fight, all from my team members repeatedly falling. I just kept wading through the hordes to pick up or revive team members. There were so many chaos zombies to kill that I never lost more than a sliver of white health. In the end we made it out with 1 grim 3 tome 2 dice. 

I also run full +stamina, +stamina regen, and block stamina cost reduction gear. I can block/push almost indefinitely, but I obviously sacrifice some damage. Worth it for the wipe insurance. 
Well, a couple things about the shield.

1. Shields don't take stamina damage vs ratling gunner fire, all it does is slow you down and push you a bit.

2. He popped his F, which means you take no stamina damage at all for the duration (10 sec normally, 15 with a level 25 talent). Shield bashing still eats a stamina shield though.

He also hits a platform on the way down, splitting the fall up. 
Thanks, looks like they've filled it out a bit more since last I looked. Hopefully it'll continue to be updated. 
I can't find information on many of Chiang's positions other than "I'm fiscally responsible". Would you happen to know somewhere I can find more information? His website isn't all that helpful as it only goes into 3 issues, albeit important ones and in a good amount of detail. I wish more politicians would spell out where they stand on issues. I want to know where he stands on things like Prop 13, the high speed rail, our cap and trade law, immigration, etc. 
Not sure, it's kinda the same thing as Windows entropy though. Seems to always happen and eventually factory resets give a noticeable increase in performance. 
They're gonna downvote because it's pure pedantry. 
>the early days of non-toxic sane Overwatch subreddit

I don't if that ever existed. Remember the absurd outrage over Blizzard just changing one of the poses for Tracer? The sub had a weeks long meltdown over it and "the SJWs". And wasn't that all the way back in beta? 
Same. The only thing I'll play with randoms is cooperative games, because people are generally much more mellow and helpful. Right now I'm playing Vermintide 2 and haven't run across a single incident of bigotry or rage. People are interested in completing maps, and to do so they have to help each other, fostering teamwork. I wish this attitude translated to other genres. 
Yes, but even without the brigade, the upvoted comments would still be upvoted and the downvoted comments would still be downvoted, just all to a lesser degree. Overwatch is still pretty toxic, as are most competitive multiplayer games. 
>someone can be alt-right and decent

No, no they can't. When you advocate shit like physical removal, you can't be "decent". 
Anyone that criticizes the racists is controversial to the racists. They've very thin skinned and don't take criticism well. 
Pretty much all the toxic multiplayer gaming communities are infested with the alt right. What a coincidence! But remember, they only yell the N word during "heated gaming moments".
It's a theme engine. I'm glad to hear you don't so it's probably not the problem. 
By the way, do you use substratum? I do, and I'm wondering if that's what's causing the problem.
I don't use inbox and I have the same problem. They'll also pop up at random times after I've marked them as done (but the system didn't register them as done).
Pretty sure I've had more days of *wildfire haze* this year than rain here in Southern California. 
Really, how could anyone have thought otherwise? He telegraphed this from over a year out of the election. He's a literal narcissist, what did they think was going to happen?
So reddit is home base for tons of pro Trump related conspiracy theories, the biggest one being "The Storm". Remember the sub /r/Cbts_stream that was banned a few days ago (for doxing and numerous calls for the murder of political opponents)? Well, [here's a good writeup](http://nymag.com/selectall/2017/12/qanon-4chan-the-storm-conspiracy-explained.html) on what they believe. Part of it revolves around the Mueller investigation *really being an investigation into Clinton!* and not involving Trump at all, except for Trump saving the entire western world through 4D mind chess.

They're insane, all of them. 
I'm also a 6P to P1XL refugee, and yeah, I really miss my speaker. I had originally planned to grab the P2XL, but lacking a headphone jack is a deal killer for me. Oh well, guess I'm keeping my free P1XL for quite some time. 
You can get our stuff too, it's just normally bottled and people want to try them all at once. Most are "early access" during this week too, so it's a great time to sample it all before you buy.
>one person runs out i think to my self idiot can die we will survive, but then another runs out

These are the 2 people I play most with. It's very frustrating. 
I usually do pretty well too, but every now and then a boss spawns on those fallen houses and falcon punches people off the cliff. Can be a little frustrating. 
Max you've seen, then plus or minus 10 from there. Seems to be a bell curve between the plus and minus 10 though, so you're going to average exactly what you have currently, but every time you get better the average creeps up just a tiny bit. 
I have a friend who swears he got +30 a chest from 180 to 300. I think he's full of shit. 
Yeah, I had all my high power trinkets on me, but I wasn't about to craft new weapons since you don't have access to all the blueprints at level 1 and I didn't want to use either of the weapons I started with (I prefer conflagration staff for lower levels and beam for higher, both with the flame sword, you start with fireball and the normal sword). Also, recruit hero power is capped at 200 so I was almost touching the cap anyway.

Edit: Power calculation, 910 additive power between equipment, divided by 5, plus 10 for being level 1 is 192. The other people I was playing with could barely control their characters, it was either their first or second round. 
I'd like to introduce you to my luck, where it takes 40+ rerolls just to get the right properties, let alone numbers that are anywhere near good. 
>What are the chances Reddit could get sued for violating the US 1st Amendment?

Absolutely zero. Reddit is not a government entity and isn't government funded, so the First Amendment doesn't apply. 
While I find the game entirely random, tedious, and devoid of any skillful play, my family seems to love it so I guess it was an alright purchase for me. 
Bottle Logic's *Week of Logic* starts Sunday. Who's ready to battle the crowds for all 7 days!? 
If you can make it down to Anaheim, definitely check out Bottle Logic and The Bruery/Bruery Terreux. You're in luck or have awful luck, depending on how you look at it, since next week is Bottle Logic's anniversary party, *The Week of Logic*. They have lots of their kick ass barrel aged monsters on all week, releasing news ones each day. They'll also have lines for variants of their normal stuff, and lines for just normal stuff. They gate off the entire back area of the brewery and their 2 warehouses normally used for aging, and all of that will be filled with people. The crowds are huge, but thankfully the lines move very quickly.

I'd highly recommend going.

Notes: No one under 21 is allowed on the property for the duration of the event for any reason, and they'll card you at the door and at the bars. It has something to do with how they have to modify their alcohol license to encompass the outside.

[Here's a list](https://www.facebook.com/BottleLogicBrewing/posts/1723236454409985) of the exclusives they'll be pouring.

Edit: And The Bruery is just awesome. Terreux has the much better tap room though with a lot more space. If you go to the regular Bruery tap room on Friday or Saturday don't expect to find a seat. Terreux has plenty space. 
"Crazy" is downplaying it. Thousands of people will show up tomorrow, which isn't even the week of logic, just to pick up their stamp books for it. Last year was insane and this year it's only going to be worse.

Still going all 7 days, as I have every week of logic. Gotta get that guaranteed bottle of every release. 
Yeah, as far as I know, ceddit only restores [removed] comments and not [deleted]. I could be wrong, but I've never seen it restore deleted ones.
Ceddit only works with mod removed posts. If you want to restore user deleted posts, use removeddit.com
The pistols are pretty good at taking out specials too, you just have to slow your roll or you won't hit anything. 
And the charge attack does good damage while knocking almost as many enemies down as a shield bash. Fire regular shots into a horde as they're running at you then hit them with a charge attack the moment they enter melee range, then swap to melee weapons. Your team gets to start the engagement with the horde's front line on their backs and heavily damaged (if not just dead) and the back ranks getting tangled on them. 
Maybe if they gave her more lines. And if she weren't 50% of all chatter in the game. 
Huffman doesn't own reddit, Conde Nast bought it back in 2006 and reddit became a subsidiary of Advance Publications in 2011. They own reddit and Huffman is their employee. 
Really hard to argue that angle when they could have made the same argument at Trump, the notorious McDonald's connoisseur. 
>Riot

I love that you mention this because I've been to Riot LAN parties and I fully agree. We actually spent most of our time dying horribly in Arma 3 though. 
/r/againsthatesubreddits chronicles them. They'll have archive links showing months old posts that are highly up voted that will suddenly be removed when they release them as part of their giant lists of TD's calls for violence. Go check out those threads.

Edit: fixed sub name. 
TD's rule violations are only removed after anti- subs post about it. They don't care otherwise. 
It's a great game, even of you're playing with all randoms. Voice chat is currently buggy and either crazy loud or crazy quiet, so please adjust your volume controls accordingly when you figure how your system behaves. Communication is key and people are usually very good to each other. I've never encountered someone being an asshole yet, but I've heard some stories. The cooperative nature of the game leads people to actually wanting to help you. 

*Except for elf players.* Damn wutelgi, always running off on their own and getting jumped by specials.

Edit: matchmaking is fast and solid. Currently the game has a freak out if the host leaves, but they're adding dedicated servers sometime around next month. 
Eh, once you hit about level 3, which is really easy to do even failing every mission, you'll have enough gear to make recruit pretty easy. You get free chests per level up and +10 hero power per level. 
They're actually pretty good at the game too, which is refreshing. Too often I see devs barely able to play their own games, and their only way to fix problems is through community feedback which is generally garbage. 
That feeling when the rat ogre spawns in the houses falling off the cliff in Halescourge. Well, it's been a fun run friends, enjoy your flight off the side of the mountain.

Or when a spawn of chaos just tosses you off a cliff after munching on you for a bit.

Edit: I had a fun one the other day. Wizard boss on Halescourge. I was slayer because it's the most fun class in the game and sometimes I get sick of tanking every round. So I slayer leap at the boss, and in midair one of his ghost projectiles with knock back hits me. So I fly a couple hundred feet straight up in the air but manage to maneuver myself to land on the 3rd story roof over half the boss area, which takes most of my health. I then managed to find platforms to jump down safely, but we ended up dying seconds after killing the boss due to horder/special attrition. 
So I jumped on a new character last night and quick play put me on against the grain, recruit, with 3 other level 1s (except they were clearly new). In the opening wheat field 2 people fell once each (yikes). When we got to the first barn, the director hit us with a spawn of chaos, a horde, a stormvermin patrol, gas rat, blight stormer, assassin, leach, and a chaos warrior. And still, that's way nicer than the director was to us early in the open beta.

Edit: if we had an actual tank we could have handled it, but all level 1s means awful gear, no talents, and no real crowd control. The end came quickly for the other 3 and I managed to run away for a time before the assassin got me. 
That's actually pretty common. The 2 warriors are always there, then there's also a chance for a boss to summon right on top of them, and if you get a boss you're definitely getting a horde or two with specials mixed in. They should probably move that boss spawn somewhere else. 
As much as I love this game, it's buggy as hell. At least they release patches quickly. 
And believe it or not, recruit is way easier now than early in beta. We'd have nonsense like a bile troll + 3 chaos warriors + assassin + gas rat + pack master + a horde all hit us at once. At level 1. Failed a lot of missions until they fixed it. 
The in game voice chat is very, very quiet. Even with audiophile grade headphones on, I had to turn down all other volume and crank voice to max just so other players were somewhat audible. My friends and I just use discord. 
Have you or someone in your group done a deed recently? Like since 1.03? I've seen reports on the steam forums that deed properties (like increased hordes and increased stormvermin spawns) are sometimes carrying over between missions. 
ಠ▄ಠ
I would see the lines during the first loading screen before hero selection, but they'd disappear halfway through loading. 
This never happened to me nor my friends I play with. It was common? 
He thinks he's going to be some great leader of men after the apocalypse happens. 100% not joking. 
That was pretty short lived though. The Ron Paul 2008 one was an order of magnitude bigger. 
[This](https://www.101dogbreeds.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/Alaskan-Klee-Kai-Pictures.jpg) is a full grown Klee Kai. They also [come smaller.](http://www.thurisiakennels.com/uploads/9/7/7/2/97727690/published/fullsizerender_1.jpg?1494451260)
> Can you vote in the primaries via mail in CA, though?

Yes, all voting is early voting, and can be done via mail.
Or a ladder. 
We did. 
The MQ-9 Reaper we had been using for surveillance was really effective, and I'm pretty sure cost a whole lot less than the manpower and equipment it compensated for, but I haven't seen an actual accounting of it. I'd be all for funding tech upgrades for border security to increase effectiveness if it's cost effective in the long run. Oh, and tech investments tend to be much better for the economy. Tunnels are still an issue though. I doubt you'll find many Democrats against border security, just the total waste that is the wall. 

Walls are just stupid. Trump's wall is nothing but a monument to racism. 
Dude, we're blue here in OC now. Even a good chunk of Republicans that voted for him don't like him, they just like tax cuts more than they dislike Trump. 
I played 40k tabletop back in the early 2000s as Eldar and Imp Guard. I also played the hell out of Dawn of War, #1 especially. For Warhammer Fantasy, I knew a lot about Warhammer Online and researched the lore but never actually played myself. I played a ton of V1 and Total War Warhammer, but I had also been a Total War fan since Rome 1. 
Salty sentencing enemies to death on every class is pretty awesome, to be honest. 
Yeah, as Ironbreaker grabbing a book doesn't change anything for me. I often go entire maps without healing since I take so little damage, and what little I do usually just hits white health. Or even heals me if I choose that talent.

Bad parties though, forget everything, just finish the map. 
If you're just there to boost your overall item hero power, sure, they're not necessary. But grabbing a tome or two is really easy and shouldn't cause problems unless you're pugging and your team sucks.
Usually the tanks are still taking far less hits than the damage dealers, and less damage per hit. Ironbreaker also just shrugs off one hit every 20 seconds (13 with a talent). A good tank is usually the last character to fall when shit goes sideways. I often go through a map needing no healing unless I'm fighting one of the big bosses that I'm not 100% on dodging yet (so the wizard boss and skittergate). I also find that we get jumped by assassins and leeches less than damage dealers since we tend to be in the middle of the party, and ratling gunners don't do shit to shields.

Edit: As for potions/bombs/heals, I'd rather my DPS deal with those and leave me to maintain crowd control. Tanking is a full time job (especially playing with my friends, it's like herding cats) so other people can deal with them. They like to get those circles in the end game screen anyway. 
I've had many occasions where I couldn't shoot back through the same opening the ratling was using. I could tag it, but not shoot. I can do neither in Fort breckensomething when the ratlings spawn under the map, perch on a rock, and fire up through the floor at you. 
That level has a metric ton of gaps in the rocks you can peep through. It's probably partially that. Still a fun level though, if be disappointed if they disabled it. Unfortunately collisions take a long time to identify and fix since they're not all obvious like seeing the gaps into nothingness. 
Extremely useful too. The moment it happens everyone crowds around his head and gets a few seconds of uninterrupted head shots. Easy way to take out 1/3 his total health with just 1 person's F move. 
Same with Sienna. Pyromancer just seems outright better than her default while keeping the same play style. Not as big of a gap as WH to BH though. 
Yeah, automod is not good at picking out references. 
An amber after a day of macro lagers would definitely be heaven. 
Because they *have* to kill more than everyone else. I play with 2 friends and they're both like this. We have a great choke but they push out of it and take stupid, careless hits to the sides every time. 
> with Tecate and Corona vying for first

Very accurate. For dirt cheap beer, Tecate is great with Corona just a hair behind. Still wouldn't pick either given the choice of almost anything else with more of a body though.
*Lands 3 headshots in a row on a chaos warrior*

"Admit it, that was an accident".

ಠ_ಠ

NavySealCopypasta.txt
Yeah, the lack of support is why I haven't bought it yet. I don't feel like I can reward a company for that kind of behavior, no matter how good the game is. My backlog is so long that it doesn't matter much to me in any case. Guess I'll play more Vermintide 2.
That's only certain if you're within the refund window of 2 hours played. A lot of the people experiencing these crashes seem to have it really certain down on them a good deal beyond that window. 
>I'd say get it on steam and if it works, great!. If it doesn't you can always refund it

The problem with that is the people getting game breaking bugs (like unavoidable cutscenes causing crashes, effectively breaking the game) are experiencing them around 5+ hours in, past the return window. 
Yeah, the crashes seem to be hardware agnostic. Some people get them, some don't. We haven't been able to figure out the cause. 
Accurate. 
But the atheist Trump ones are now for it too. The thought process is now only "Trump = correct" in all things. No other prior convictions need apply. 
Show me where I said it was unplayable. 
Going full release with such glaring issues like some talents doing nothing or passives not working. You know, some of the big features of V2 over V1. Or like the executioner's sword having a phantom swing that makes it useless on higher difficulties. These are pretty large issues that should have been fixed early in the beta. Balance and geometry collision issues are always an ongoing process, but if core features are compromised you failed your beta phase. 
"Other people did a shitty thing so it's OK if we do a shitty thing too". 
I guess that's good since Fatshark loves to wield the nerf bat.
That's what betas are supposed to be for.
Talents? 
This isn't true. I routinely get shot at by the gunner but my shots are blocked by the same geometry it's firing through. Especially if it's firing up through the ground. 
A big problem was that when the troll puked, it made a decent sized ring around the troll's feet too, large enough that 1H weapons couldn't reliably reach over it. That seemed like several different kinds of bullshit. 
That's... A whole lot of anime and what looks to be porn themed discords. I had no idea. I think I'm gonna leave it at that. 
Oh yeah, I've definitely seen them in the Paradox community. Especially HOI. Didn't Paradox even have to ban the "remove kebab" meme because racists were spamming it? 
I have to ask, how do you run into racists on discord? I thought it was mostly just private channels for games, with the occasional subreddit using a giant server for a ton of people. 
I've also found an illusion that does nothing. It's just the basic 2HH for Kruber. No idea why it's in there, maybe they'll make something of it later. 
I have that illusion you posted on an orange 100 hero power weapon.

I also have an illusion that does nothing. It's just a regular 2H hammer. ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
Yeah, Google is blocking that in P. Means I'll never upgrade I guess, I'm extremely light sensitive and need dark themes. I'll probably switch to the Oneplus 6 when in launches for the system wide dark themes. My girlfriend has the OP5 and it looks amazing. I'll miss my Pixel camera but I care about my eyes more. And a damn headphone jack. 
>Well yeah that's dumb as fuck on their part.

That's called "every pug ever". 
It's actually mostly Christians that do FGM. 
>his cartoons edited into antisemitic trash

Correction, they were already antisemitic trash, /pol/ just turned the dogwhistles into something more obvious. 
I love how she draws Sessions. Like he's a Keebler Elf doll with beady little button eyes and a face that stares into nothingness. 
It doesn't, but headshots still do respectable damage with any weapon. 
Totally. Pop the F, drop a bomb if you have one, pick everyone up with infinite block. Hero of the day, again. 
California, but they've been doing it since before legalization. I don't know the THC content, sorry. I've never smoked and never thought to ask. They have my full support though. 
Yeah, I don't know what's going on with it. Same things happens with Private Internet Access's adblocking feature too, even though the VPN itself is clearly working. Brave Browser works quite well for me, but that's just the browser.
OC has a lot to do for families. 

* Disneyland (obviously).

* Knott's Berry Farm.

* [The Discovery Center](https://oc.discoverycube.org/). I'm a grown man and this is still really cool.

* Any of our numerous beaches. [Doheny State Beach](http://www.parks.ca.gov/?page_id=645) is great for [family-powered bikes](https://wheelfunrentals.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/Surreys-at-Doheny-state-beach-bike-wheel-fun-rentals-800x744.jpg) and lots of green space. We also have amazing tide pools, [here's](https://www.sandytoesandpopsicles.com/orange-county/7-family-friendly-tide-pools-in-orange-county/) a [couple](https://ocmomblog.com/guide-best-tide-pools-orange-county/) recommendation pages. Please bring water slippers to avoid foot injury.

* [Aquarium of the Pacific](http://www.aquariumofpacific.org/) in southern LA County.

* [The Orange County Great Park](http://www.cityofirvine.org/orange-county-great-park). Make sure the hot air balloon is going. Plan this as a short trip unless there's an event going.

* [Boomers](http://www.boomersparks.com/) is also great for things like arcades, laser tag, go karts, bumper boats, and mini golf.
Me too, I can't live without my dark theme. If it's gone for P, I'll probably be switching to OnePlus.
Nope, one reboot after applying, same as always. 
When everyone finally realized "Cultural Marxism" = Jews, they switched to "Globalism". The whole point of dog whistles is that regular people don't know the meaning. 
Crashes should only be happening when you update an app that's themed. Turn off auto updates and just do them once a week or few days at home when you're able to reapply themes. 
I'm on the March security patch and using swift dark with substratum. What's broken? 
Netguard blocks ads for about 2 min then stops for me. Same goes for every VPN adblocking solution. Yes, I've followed all the steps. Yes, I'm sure. 
The answer is yes, but I don't mind too much as long as you're erasing hordes.
It helps in caves and when fire abilities make the world go dark.
Eh, it leans right but it's not awful. Their local coverage is pretty fair. Just don't go near the opinion/Op-eds, those are pure toxic waste and you might infect your browser with a severe case of racism. 
Issa is a done deal already, I don't consider that seat a problem. 
There's no federal law saying you don't have a right to privacy. There's no law in conflict. 
>if you don’t cooperate the feds will screw you.

And how would they do that without a warrant? You absolutely don't need to comply, even without the current CA law, if they don't have a warrant. 
That actually seems quite manageable compared to many I've seen. Depending on difficulty I could actually handle that one. Things like the OP, lol no. Also, from the streams I've seen today, "increased special spawn rate" can drop 2-3 bosses on you at once (yes, I saw a triple) or even a boss on you during an act boss. That shit is bonkers. 
Yeah, pretty sure it cuts 33% of max then another 33% of max. At least that's what it looks like. 
My group managed to accidentally find most books and an average of 0.8 grim a map (we came up with none 1 in 5 rounds). Never found 2 in a map, but also never found less than 2 books. I'd actually call that quite fair. No damn idea how we accidentally came across that grim in act 1 with the 3 block pushing puzzle followed by climbing a bookshelf to press a hidden switch to open a secret door.

Then again my elf friend attempts to climb everything in sight to "get a better shot". Also *coincidentally* topping the damage taken stat in every round. 
By Sigmar, no! 
Rohrabacher and Walters will be the big ones. If we can out them the Dems stand a good chance of taking the House. Thanks, Sessions. 
The Dems taking the House heavily relies on outing California Republicans from districts Clinton won in. He's making that much easier. 
I have 7 nieces and nephews. They've taught me that I really don't need any of my own. 
Yep, that's the one. It'd been quite obvious for some time, just from the drama coming out of that sub. You could see an obvious discrepancy in posts being removed when using ceddit. 
And never lower your adblocker. 
>even [r/Canada](https://www.reddit.com/r/Canada) from the complaints over how quickly it took a hard right

No complaints needed, there are leaked mod chats of mods admitting they're white nationalists. 
/r/California too. And the mods (mod, singular, really) made a rule a couple months back forbidding any meta discussion. So if you see someone spouting nonsense about their flare'd locale and you take a look at their account and find them posting to several state/local subs claiming to be a local, you can't mention it. I've even found ones posting in TD claiming they're "redpilling" in liberal subs. Can't point that out, your post will be removed and you might earn a temp ban. It's a total den of trolls now. Well, even worse than it was before. Lots and lots of /r/uncensorednews posters claiming they're "just for law and order" with respect to undocumented immigrants. Bullshit, uncensorednews is the new coontown. 
I get "you're doing that too much" sometimes here and I'm *rarely* downvoted. I also don't often delete my posts. Maybe once a month. 
Such is my life. I'm also a board game person yet I can't play any game involving dice. People fight to not be on my team because my rolls suck. RNGesus has a personal grudge against me.

Cards are fine. 
We always play together so our chest openings are the same for mission chests. They actually hold their commendation chests while I open mine, except for 2 chests right now. My luck sucks. 
Constant crashes. Sometimes at specific cutscenes, which means the game is broken and you can't progress. Sometime performance just goes to absolute shit. Like, you have to drop all settings to minimum, including resolution, to get past a section before turning them back up. On a GTX 1070. 
No really, the bugs seem to be hardware agnostic. I build computers as a side job and I'll see identical rigs that I built back to back behave radically differently. One will be fine without any mods, one will need FAR to be stable-ish, and one will encounter get breaking bugs and never be able to advance. I'm talking i7-7700k + GTX 1070 (or higher) systems here. Same goes for a series of Ryzen 1600 + RX580 builds I did. The majority can play the game, but most have at least some bugs. The minority get game breaking bugs starting around 5 hours in. 
Specs seems to be irrelevant for the bugs. Just know that if you do get the game breaking ones, they usually hit past the return window. Your specs are fine to play the game at 60 FPS medium. 
Your specs don't matter to the bugs present in this game. No one has been able to work out what causes the game breaking bugs yet. Some people get them, some don't. 
Most of the game breaking bugs occur like 5 hours into the game, well past the refund point. 
Game breaking bugs for a disproportionately large amount of players. Usually too far into the game to issue a refund. 
Guess I'm just unlucky then. I'm sitting on 108-110 gear in every slot, yet the highest I'm getting is 110. It's a little frustrating, but my luck is always like this. 
This happened the first round I ever played. Spawn latched on someone and never let go. Just kept chewing. We were all level 1 and it out healed our DPS. 
http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/859/951/844.png
The root is just too damn strong. Maybe cut your speed in half? I swear I go down to 10% or less, meaning I'm just stuck. This is extremely frustrating, bosses are usually about skill, not about how much damage we can afford to soak. 
>Wheat and Chaff

I just wanted to remind everyone how far we've come from V1 launch and the associated bugs. Remember how in wheat and chaff you had a 50/50 chance of a rat ogre kicking your ass as you helplessly watched on during the intro fly over camera? Fun times. 
Depending on your field, look into staffing/temp agencies. If they can place you as a temp in the field you want, at worst you get 6-12 months of experience to put on your resume, and maybe even a job offer at the end of your contract.

Edit: I see you said you had a business degree below. Yeah, that's rough without an MBA. Lots of business BAs around. 
That's a pretty big straw man. Other states are far less harmed by the SALT and property tax deduction reductions. Having the rich pay more is one thing, but having one state (or two since New York gets hit almost as hard) be singled out is bullshit. These deduction reductions were targeted specifically at us.

Edit: Also, deductions for hurricane and flood natural disasters stay but deductions for fires and earthquakes don't. Take one guess why. 
Great, thanks for the update. I was worried they were going to hit him hard with the nerf bat. 
Any changes to his standard passive (20 second damage negation) or the health recovery with said damage negation with talent? How about drake pistols? 
No idea, sorry. With my 120 framecap (with my monitor set to 120) everything works great. I'll ask my friends what they have theirs set to. 
It's not a huge amount, but it does exist. If the frame tearing bothers you, just turn it on. It's better to have that tiny increase in input lag than it is to be often distracted by tears. 
I'm under water. The voltage is on the high side and I could force more, but for now I choose not to. It runs stable at 4.9 but I always pull it down by 0.1 my max stable just in case. Under stress testing it hits like 72C max.

I mainly upgraded to run things like V2 and the PS3 emulator at high FPS, and it's doing it well. 
Framecapping is fine. Vsync is the one that adds input lag. 
Framecap is fine, Vsync adds input lag. 
I have a GTX 1080, an i7-8700k @4.8, 32GB RAM, and Windows 10. I run at max everything but DoF, motion blur, and color effects off. I set a cap of 120 since that's where I keep my monitor at for color reproduction reasons. I'm at 120 the majority of the time and drop to 105 at the lowest during the worst of hordes. I run on DX12, 1080p. 

Have you applied any OC to your GPU? 
He one shots people at full health minus 2 grims. I don't think I'd call that weak. 
I got an RNG, giant middle finger horde *in the damn wheat* at the start yesterday. And I play dwarf. I had to tank standing on a rock, but then the gas rats came and everything went to total shit. 
>There are old videos around of people literally soloing entire missions, you can dodge/block specials and solo-kill hordes 

And I can make a free throw at half court if I try enough times, but I'm only going to show people the video of me succeeding. How many tries do you think they did to do true solo? I'd say a ton.

Don't run off on your own. No one is perfect, assassins can make some bullshit jumps, and the game loves to RNG horde of death people. 
Heresy. That's a grudgin'.

Edit: seriously though, I have friends that are competent players and V1 vets, but the moment they switch to elf something happens to them. They become lone wolves that hack in a straight line to put themselves dead center in a horde and forget what the words "choke point" mean. 
That's what I've started doing. Without me the IB, abandoning what shoul be a perfect choke to save them, they die (not just fall) 2-3 times a map. It's really frustrating. 
>proves Obama was a Satanist because he wore a bandaid on his finger this one time. 

[I can't believe that you're not being hyperbolic.](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/5b9cck/obama_with_a_bandaid_on_his_left_middle_finger/)
My old Z87 Extreme 4 is now in my girlfriend's build and I have a Z370 Extreme 4 in mine. I haven't had any issues from AsRock for as long as I've used them.
>However, I think that they will add an alternative to substratum.

Let's hope. I can't go back to white themes. Substratum is the only thing keeping me using a Pixel, otherwise I'm bailing to Oneplus with an easy system wide dark theme. I'm super light sensitive and the current design language of "MORE WHITESPACE" kills me. 
That stagger resistance is killer for me. I'm so used to shield bashing people into a nice pile for my crew to clean up, then some dude doesn't fall down and tears through my shield like paper, making me completely useless. 
Thanks for the source. How do we know that it'll be blocked for release though? Did Google make any states? XDA tends to be extremely sensationalist in this regard. 
Source? 
No, all that would do is drive steel purchasing industries out of the country, exactly what has happened with steel tariffs historically. Our steel producing industry here is minimal, there aren't many jobs to save to begin with. And our cost of labor is too high here for us to retake any of that industry, which is also why during times we've had tariffs our steel refining never grew. 
I'm using substratum with the swift dark theme. Everything is so much better now, and it works with most Google apps too. 
Dude, that's a famous copypasta. And people *loved* it in KiA. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/KotakuInAction/comments/3o68ia/feminists_did_it_to_scientists_they_did_it_to/cvukxx8
And that's steel, which has a higher tariff than aluminum. 
I can "blah blah blah" away anything too! It's called sticking your head in the sand. 
Hey look, quote mining in an attempt to mislead! I'll post the entire quote here for you.

>While insufficient data exist at this time to measure the precise role steel
tariffs played in causing such significant price increases, relative to the
other factors, it is clear that the Section 201 tariffs played a leading role in pushing prices up. Steel tariffs caused shortages of imported product and
put U.S. manufacturers of steel-containing products at a disadvantage
relative to their foreign competitors. In the absence of the tariffs, the
damage to steel consuming employment would have been significantly
less than it was in 2002.
For someone that claims I didn't read, you sure didn't read.

PDF warning. 

http://www.tradepartnership.com/pdf_files/2002jobstudy.pdf

>200,000 Americans lost their jobs to higher steel prices during 2002.
These lost jobs represent approximately $4 billion in lost wages from
February to November 2002

>More American workers lost their jobs in 2002 to higher steel prices than
the total number employed by the U.S. steel industry itself (187,500
Americans were employed by U.S. steel producers in December 2002).
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2002_United_States_steel_tariff
And now instead of steel refining coming back to the US, manufacturers that use steel will just leave, just like the last couple steel tariffs. The 2002 one lost the US a net 200k jobs. 
I guess they're a good thing if you want jobs to leave the US, as previous steel taxes have caused. 
And the brewing industry uses lots of steel. Steel brewing vessels, steel kegs, steel taps and piping, steel in temperature control and storage facilities, and steel in the transportation. 
Growing in your back yard where you can hand tend every plant is a lot different than actually farming. I grow potted fig trees at my place but I'd run a fig orchard into the ground. 
They actually just released a roadmap to place tariffs on over a hundred of our luxury goods. This way, it harms us far more than it harms them. Luxury goods aren't necessities and local alternatives can generally be had easily. For example, **alcohol** is one of the targeted industries. 
To get the industry started while demand was high, yes, they absolutely subsidized them. I can see a small tariff on just Chinese steel in such a case, but this tariff is worldwide. 
>China has been flooding the market with artificially cheap metals

I don't know if you can call the price drops in Chinese steel "artificial". Their construction industry is in a huge slump, and before that happened new iron mines and steel manufactories were popping up like weeds to keep up with demand. Now they have tons of mines and manufactories but local demand has dropped to a trickle where before it was a raging torrent. So they're now forced to sell overseas at a price that reflects an excess of supply and reduced demand. 
We have 2 steel manufacturers in the US, and they provide nowhere near our demand. It's a hard, dangerous industry that doesn't pay anywhere near what it used to in regards to cost of living. As for aluminum, the US only mines a fraction of a percent of the world bauxite output and we don't have much in the way of bauxite deposits. Australia and China are the world's top bauxite miners and China, Russia, and Canada are the top aluminum producers.

And just in general, the US is moving more and more towards a service industry as education levels rise. We still have plenty of manufacturing, but raw materials are more often handled by other countries. 
It's like hops aren't used to make brewing equipment, in transportation, refrigeration, and pretty much every other part of the industry and every other industry it relies on.
That's exactly what happened during the 2002 steel tariffs. 200k US jobs lost.
And they never worked out. Just take a look at the 2002 steel tariffs where the US lost a net 200k jobs with nothing to show for it.
>This really shouldn't even need explaining.

They're not here to argue in good faith. 
And don't forget the job losses in the US in lumber buying industries. 
I think you have that reversed there buddy. We're a net tax payer, and it's generally the red states that are net tax receivers. 
Levi has a line of "made in the US" jeans. They're expensive, and I doubt they sell much compared to their other big lines, but it does exist.

http://levi.com/US/en_US/categories/~category~men~clothing~collections~levi-collections-made-in-the-usa~/products
Sounds like Windows 10.
Vermintide 2 comes out in 2 days. It's everything 1 is, but much improved, except for a few quality of life features that should be fixed over time. I've already dropped something like 30 hours in the beta, and I put maybe 100 into Vermintide 1 from launch to now. Each of the 5 characters now has 3 different subclasses, each with unique talent points, so there's a ton more variety.
It's like politics affects life or something.
I've only seen a single plague monk, on my first run of this game on the first day of open beta. Against the grain, right after you push the first cart. Since then I've been wondering where that guy in a green hoodie went. He also kinda wrecked me as a level 1 Kruber. 
They've said they will on release due to some steam rules regarding early access. 
>Does the flame chick ever get good? She's my favorite but I'm always last in stuff.

So no class is straight up bad, but most of what she does is on the underpowered side of things. The exception being the pyromancer bolt staff crit build, which seems to melt face pretty well. This is only as of open beta patch v3, which doesn't mean much because we'll have another giant patch in 2 days. 
I'm reading the above comment as asking if they're at the mercy of the guy, and not related to public access. 
I'm wondering if bashing dudes off ledges counts towards damage/kills. In V1 I handled a ton of stormvermin that way. Less so in V2. 
Don't forget spam turning off and on your flashlight at the same time. 
The Ironbreaker in the Rye. I'd read that. 
The problem being that LoS collision is completely borked in a lot of places. There are a lot of walls in the game that enemies see right through but you can't fire through. I've had stormers and gunners able to hit us straight through solid walls but we can't do shit about it. I guess that's the kind of bug that will lessen over time at least. 
As the Dwarf. 
Depends on how the code is written. I could see someone doing something like applying negative 10 damage when IB's heal talent activates on taking a hit, which would throw off their math before they changed how the damage is handled.

But for now we can't know, I'm 100% spitballing. 
I'm in this weird place as IB with axe+shield where rothelms/warriors/stormvermin are pushovers but a single berserker at the wrong moment can absolutely wreck my shit. Meanwhile my elf friend doesn't even know that berserkers are different from regular chaos dudes but can't bring down a warrior to save their life. 
Maybe all the new damage reduction talents and such were screwing up the math and they just cut it until they could find the time to fix it? 
>Ya especially since they made shields so much better in V2.

I feel like it's a mixed bag. They can block a whole hell of a lot more due to all the +stamina talents and abilities, but at the same time I swear I knock down a lot less enemies and at a shorter range than I did in V1. Overall it still feels like a small buff though because I have like twice the stamina. 
I swear that stat only counts like 1 in 10 actual saves, at most. 
We're talking about the other houses/cabins on his land, not the beach. 
I heard [Victor Saltzpyre](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/58/9d/8c/589d8c82cdef073ad3d4c0ee2baf0719.png) has better rates if you don't mind all the "heresy this" and "heresy that". 
Containment only works when the people being contained either die off or get better. Otherwise it's just a site protected breeding ground. 
Psh, the best is still "geraffes are dumb". 
And the shit elements are much better organized than they were back then. 
If you own a property in that way you'll have an [easement](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Easement) across any other properties. Even if there's no written easement, there's an "implied" easement. So if he tried to block their use they could bring the hammer down on him very hard. California doesn't play around in those cases. 
>Well, if linear with breakpoints doesn't sound good enough for you,

You really need to read the comment chain again. The original comment was saying it was a stepped function, and the person I replied to was saying that, no, it was linear and not stepped. Liner means straight. Stepped is stepped. 
Again, I'm only saying that when the only difference is hero power, it doesn't seem to be a linear curve, instead it seems to be stepped. Otherwise we should be seeing damage change with small changes to hero power, but we aren't. Damage seems to correlate in steps, where for [made up] example, damage is 1000 at hero power 11-50 then 1100 at 51-100, but no damage graduations between that. Power 30 is no benefit over 11 in this case, and 90 no benefit over 51. The only difference that matters is 50 to 51. 
Again, the claim was that the damage was a smooth linear curve correlating to hero power. If it was, even an 11 increase would verify that. I claimed that it was a stepped curve (power level thresholds need to be met before damage increases). Damage not improving with increased power seems to make me correct. 
When we use these we don't blow them out and just let the plastic catch on fire and eventually kill the speaker. The plastic is quite flammable. 
And if it was linear we still should see an increase in damage from that. 
Yes, and a significant increase in one increases your overall average. 
>One of the mods for /r/conservative is supposed to be like, 17 if not younger.

That's CptQuestionMark.
Deleted. Even ceddit can't resurrect it.
>Someone showed that damage increase was linear.

I can equip a 60 power weapon and a 5 power weapon and the damage remains the same (with all other gear and level remaining the same). But when I make a larger jump in power the damage takes a jump. I don't believe it's linear. 
I play in a 3 group right now and we just grab a random. Works out fine. 
No, you got it. It's like someone made a talent specifically for "run off on my own and die" memelf. 
Closed beta was wiped. Open beta theoretically shouldn't be, but don't be 100% set on keeping your stuff. 
Very good point. And shipping from Canada is cheap compared to other major foreign producers. 
Sucks for literally everyone in the US that doesn't work in smelting. I work in aerospace and we're going to take a giant hit. Transportation costs go up so all consumer goods are impacted. The 2002 steel tariff resulted in a net 200k US jobs lost. 
You know the tariff is 10% on aluminum and 25% on steel, right? 
Link your post. 
Correction, /r/uncensorednews, TD's "news" sub, is even worse somehow. 
>I volunteer as tribute.

Link your comment. 
I think we need one with all classes listed. 
I often still have that text on the screen afterwards too. Hasn't caused any gameplay issues to my knowledge at least. 