Great idea, poor execution.
We knew we weren’t filling all those spots this year, even with all the picks we got. Build a good foundation of young guys and then fill in the missing spots with some high profile free agents when you’re ready to make a run.
“I was out by myself shooting video for my Bigfoot YouTube channel when...”

I stop reading 
The browns, for their number 4 pick.
I would pay money for certain items. I will not pay money for a small chance at those same items.
CBS sports app is supposed to be streaming it for free
No local fox broadcast station, and none of the streaming services carry a local fox station.
That might work, thanks.
From what I’ve seen so far, you run into the same problem with guilds as you do pug’s. They don’t want low level players, and if they do allow them the cost is usually so high it excludes casual players anyway.
But...but...but Apple says you can’t have water resistance and a headphone jack...
I’ve been kicked from every dungeon I’ve tried to join because of my level. Never even been inside one, cause I get kicked before we even start. It happens all the time.
PS4, thanks though
PS4, thanks though
It’s pretty typical on console, I’ve never been able to do any dungeons, get kicked before it starts every time. I’m sub lvl 50 but I’m queuing for regular non dlc dungeons, get kicked before it even starts.
My character is in the 30’s and I’ve been kicked from every group I tried to join, before even starting the run. Nobody wants to play with low level characters.
How, cause I have full heavy armor and about 25,000 HP and I get one shoted as soon as I enter the pvp zones. I’ve never even been able to finish the intro quests cause I get killed so many times.
Give your friends cool nicknames.
Literally unplayable
PS4 na 
It wasn’t sales, they wanted 10,000 gold donated to the guild bank every week. Others had a hours per week/month commitment. Most wouldn’t let anyone in under a certain level.
I’ve tried to run about a dozen and never actually seen the inside of one, always kicked before we even get started. So it has to be just a level/class thing.
Really? Cause it’s usually...not cp 160? Kick. I’ve been kicked out of every group I’ve joined in the first few minutes, usually without saying a word or doing anything. They just see the level and kick.
Maybe it’s because it’s on console and the pc community is different, but this is probably the worst community I have seen. Can’t do any grouping without being in a guild, guilds all want money or have level/time requirements to stay in. There is almost no communication in the game other than kids screaming obscenities into voice chat. This game really depends on if you already know people or not and if you don’t, it’s pretty much a single player game.
You can also look at boobs
Were you speaking in complete sentences? Cause you probably confused and startled them.
Unless they don’t fit in your ears, then you’re screwed.
Well I still have 3gb free on my 16gb phone and can’t think of anything else I need on it. Even my pc only has like 200gb on it. I can’t think of anything to use it for?
Still cheaper than cartridges?
I eat as many as I can, fuckers just keep coming.
What are plastic cotton buds?
They dump the ashtrays from their car when it gets full.
Can’t have a setback if you’re dead...just sayin
Some people fee the need to validate the money they spent(or will spend) on a device that’s only marginally better.
Yeah, I’m ok with that. But I’m  a little upset with apples response. Their tests show her battery is fine, which it obviously isn’t. It drains in under an hour even not using the phone and it will power off randomly. They outright refused to replace the battery saying it showed good and they wouldn’t take the liability of doing an unneeded replacement. Their only suggestion was to buy a new phone.
Nope. I still have the original one I use at night. But I have a $5 one from Walgreens I use at work and a generic car charger. She goes through chargers every 15 minutes or so.
I restored it as new again and let it sit for 24 hours without touching it, it will run for a few hours now. Not normal but usable until they release 11.4 which hopefully fixes it or I buy her a new phone.
Perfect, I’ll just leave it. Thanks
Got a Fukien tea mallzai last fall as my first tree to learn how to kill it. It’s been inside all winter and doing ok. I recently added a grow light to the setup and fertilized it, and it appears to like that. New growth all over and starting to get buds/flowers. Question is most of the new growth is like 1/2” on each branch, except one branch that has grown about 9” straight up. Is this one sucking up all the energy? Should I cut it?
Not real worried is out styling this tree just learning to keep it alive and maybe thicken up the trunk a bit.
iPhone 6 bough in July of 15, original battery is at 91%. My wife’s bought the same day has gone through 3 batteries so far and we have the same usage. Dunno?
Same with my wife’s 6. As soon as 11 hit, the battery crapped out, it’s less than a year old battery and Apple tested it and it’s fine. Done restores and dfu restores and even set it up as a new phone with no apps installed. The battery will die in less than an hour with no use at all. All apple would say is to buy a new phone.
That sounds really cool. Meanwhile my iPhone can’t set a fucking alarm without 8 button pushes on 4 different screens with 3 different unlock sequences and approves of 2/3 of Congress.
The iPhone 12 will require a DNA swab. Swab dongle sold separately.
No way...with taxes and dental work at least there is usually a positive outcome.
Weird, he told us no camping on areas outside the dispersed sites on that list. But we had our car off the side of an old service road and walked in about 400 yards. Maybe that was why?
Or always go with your slower, fatter friend.
Shawnee and Mark Twain both say no dispersed camping outside established sites. Been chased out of Shawnee twice, once by ranger and once by some farmers.
Illinois. Been to Missouri a couple times and was always told no camping outside established campgrounds.
That’s up to the individual national forest station, the ones around me have “dispersed camping” but it’s really just a primitive campground you’re allowed to stay at and they are just as crowded as the regular campgrounds.
I’m in central Illinois.
Yeah unfortunately I have a lot of good reasons to live here, and my family doesn’t like camping so I get outvoted.
Yep, we just don’t have the land. Every forest or park I could go to, you can’t walk 10 miles without hitting a road, house or town. But we have lots of corn, so there’s that...
I was thinking it was pretty empty compared to most of the ones I can go to.
Would be nice but some of us don’t get a choice. Every state and national park, forest, area within a 12 hour drive of me is locked down with no remote camping. You get lucky if you can find a small campground with no facilities that the rv people won’t go to, but that’s usually where the college kids go to party so it’s no better.
Well you want to try something, you’re probably going to get eaten either way.
Yeah, that would be a salty one. You can add rice wine vinegar to counter act some of the salt and it will help reduce some of the toughness in the meat.
Try a teriyaki sauce, same type of flavor but without a lot of the salt.
Marinate that meat for 24 hours first, much better flavor and texture.
That’s exactly what a drug dealer would say.
Pt, eat, smoke, eat, smoke, eat, nap, pt, smoke, eat, smoke, eat, smoke, watch movie, smoke, eat, sleep.

At some point in there just stand around in a massive line for nothing.
But I can trace a drop of water from the intakes to the scuttlebutt in the CPO mess, that’s useful...right?
Nah, that won’t work.
Tried it once, I guess it didn’t think I slept well, was an hour late for work 
3-4 times a year depending on the miles. My local mechanic does it for $19.99 and will top off all fluids, check and rotate the tire and wash it inside and out. I could barely buy the oil and filter for that.
Hey, wuzzup?
But it goes BBBRRRRRRAAAAPPPP!!!!!
I think a lot of the issues with oil changes is not breaking it but putting the wrong oil or wrong amount in and causing the engine to blow up. There are so many different types of oils it can be really confusing for people unfamiliar with it.
Plus it would save me like $12 a year, not really worth it to do it myself.
The hardest part is finding all the free time to tell everyone you went vegan.
For real, was just going to build one with my son for his first experience. Ended up buying one with the exact same parts he picked out for $250 less than just the cost of the parts.
Found Aldi’s account
I’ve heard a lot of people say the same thing but it’s always worked fine for me. Check the settings so it’s allowed to run in the background.
My google photos backs up automatically, I never open the app and every picture is backed up.
You guys ok?
iPhone (2018)
iPhone Plus (2018)
iPhone SE (2018)
Does the cake count as one ingredient or do you have to count everything that goes in the cake.
I don’t understand how it’s so hard for people to take care of cats, they don’t need a whole lot. I take mine to the vet once a year and other than that I see her every couple days when she attacks me walking up the stairs. I know she’s still here cause food disappears and poop appears. It’s just a little more involved than a pet rock, but a little less cuddly.
That’s what she said.
That’s crazy to me, I’ve been playing a year and a half and my highest character is like 30. I get distracted way to easy.
Look at this fool and his old fashioned dumb toast.
It goes the other way too, they list channels for me I have no chance of getting and a few that don’t even exist anymore. Some of their info is very outdated.
Actually it’s meece, like goose is geese.
The real question is do you put in the milk or the cereal first?
I see people say this all the time, but I can never get it to work. Blatantly try it all the time and have never been able to get ads for what I was talking about. Guess Facebook doesn’t care what I want :(
Same, Keto never worked for me cause I was starving all the time. Maybe it was a mental thing of never getting foods I wanted, but I could never get over it. I do much better just eating reasonable portions of regular food that I like
I’d be curious to see security tests over time, to see if it’s getting better at seeing you or more lax in what it needs to see? Is it more likely to let someone else in your phone  if they look similar to you?
Exactly, I don’t get it. The point of Face ID was to be able to unlock without touching it but then thy add a swipe. At lest with Touch ID i don’t have to be looking at it it.
Not just the east coast. My buddy has trail cam pics of one in Illinois, dnr said no way. Said we faked it or it was a house cat really close to the camera.
Always have had it, still on my phone. Dunno
On it right now
Just like us...
Hey, mine got rid of the smith machine and finally got a real squat rack. Broden giveth, broden taketh a way. Must be a set amount of racks allowed in the universe at any one time.
You’re going to have to pee on your wife in front of him.
Welcome to the friend zone 
Got it now, it was picking up the wrong zip code for some reason. I’ll try it out for football this fall
Walmart and crystal meth disagree with your statement.
Getting paid for long hours of boredom sitting in a room with nothing to do and sleeping with the lights on? That’s not torture, that’s office work.
Sure, and I don’t buy any apps but I’m an outlier. Windows pc, android tablet and an iPhone with google services. But I know lots of people who own hundreds of dollars of apps.
I think it was because most people here have had free unlimited texting for years, so iMessage was just a natural extension of that. Most think it’s just an improved sms service and don’t see a need for anything else.
To be honest I have group texts with iPhone and android users all the time and have never had an issue. It’s all a little overblown iPhone drama if you ask me.
Weird, I just checked again and it still says unavailable. I’m right outside Springfield, wonder if it’s zip code or address dependent?
Do you get the local network stations or is it a national feed/on demand like the other services?
Checked Springfield Il, still says not available in this area.
Not wanting to buy a bunch of apps twice
Problem is when you want to message someone who’s not on it. With iMessage it will go to anyone, even to android as an sms. So you don’t have to play the “which message program are they on this month” game.
I forgot the /s
3D Touch in my 6 has not worked at all since the update
DOS, it was on both computers in our school you young punks.
Be seen on camera?
Depending on what page of what ap you are in and if the planets align with the Aztec calendar. Then maybe it will work.
I’ve tried 5 times. Waited in the queue for hours and as soon as I get in, get kicked every time.
You joke but anyone under cp 160 gets kicked instantly most times, so you kinda do have to wait.
On mine the new leaves are always lighter, even when it’s healthy.
I only get to go out a couple times a year, so I make the most of my time. I can sleep later. I have to drive 4-6 hours to get to good locations so it’s not something I get to do everyday.
Besides I always figure as soon as I go to sleep, one will walk by for a photo op.
How many houses do you buy?
I keep my phones for so long they aren’t worth anything by the time I get a new one. And by new, I mean the oldest model they are still selling new. There haven’t been any advances in tech lately to convince me to pay out the ass for a phone.
Just started and only squating 90, I get the same looks. But I’ve never seen the people looking at me like that squat, at all...ever. So that makes me feel better.
Before I restored, all the texts were gone. So no, I don’t think you can save them.
Must be nice to have all those options, none of them serve my area so it’s cable or Netflix/Hulu.
Weird, I’m on an old 6.
Maybe your phone is too fast and scrolling ahead of the app.
Weird, I use it and have never seen ads or noticed anything weird with scrolling.
I just did mine. Did a backup, reset the phone as new, then restored from the backup. All my messages were still there.
I thought you would get a kick out of that.
I’m no investigator though, just spend a couple weeks a year with some buddies as far into the woods as we can get to try and coax these things out of hiding.
I used to be in groups and do witness interviews and lead expeditions but I just got tired of all the bullshit and politics and attention seekers. Prefer just to go out and have fun and do what I like without worrying about other people. 
For the first part, I think its a mixture.
I think the squatch are out at night and willing to come in closer, so you probably have more interaction at night. But, you are at a big disadvantage without a lot of expensive gear. So most of the night ops are sounds and shadows. Really cool experiences and Ive had a great time, but your not getting a lot of proof. Lots of people go out at night to experience this stuff, but im sure there are some that do it at night because it makes a good story without the obvious question of "why didnt you get picture of it", its also a lot more impressive to take new people out at night on tours who are not used to it because everything can be a squatch. I'm sure there are some people that take advantage of this for money and fame, but I think most researches do it because it can be a fun experience and you can get good action.
I wouldn't discourage people going out at night, I'm sure the squatch are out there. But, unless you have thousands of $$ in night vision gear, your just going to have a good story. I would also really question people that only go out at night, and never go back in the daylight to look around for prints or anything else to corroborate their story.
Personally, my favorite time is early morning as the least amount of people and vehicles are moving around. My days usually look like..
4am - go out for early walks or bike rides till sunrise.
8 to 10 - breakfast and getting ready
10 to 4 - day hikes, eat lunch out remotely
4 to 8 - dinner, prepare for night
8 to 12 - night ops/hikes, usually find some remote place to sit and just hang out and be interesting, hope they come to you.
after 12 - hang out at camp, see if they come in to check you out.
I much prefer to be someplace were people usually arent and hang out and be non threatening, see if you can get them interested to check you out. A bunch of people in camo walking around quietly in the dark seems pretty threatening to me and I would avoid them if I were a squatch.
We go out all day and night. Tv doesn’t represent all of us.
But I think a lot of people do it because it’s more spooky at night and it’s easier to get excited about every little stick snap and  leaf rustle. Makes them feel like they are doing something.
3 year old iPhone 6 on the original battery.  91%, I have no idea how.
We may have only lost one, but the ones we kept weren’t all the best. There are stilll a lot of holes and only so many draft spots.
Yeah, and with our line backers I have a feeling people are gonna run all over us this year.
Not really, I live in a state capital of over 250,000 people and I can’t get hardly any channels ota. I can get our one local channel and maybe Pbs, but any other channels are from other towns. Anywhere from 50 to 90 miles away, between the distance and interference there isn’t an antenna that’s going to pick them all up. You gotta be a pretty big city to have all the major networks present, so everyone in the middle is screwed by the cable company.
Mine even has the old composite cable connections(the yellow, white and red plugs). I don’t even know what I would plug into that and what it would display?
Seems like lack of major urban centers in an outdoors sub would be a positive
They work like shit
I have the weirdest cars. 2010 has an aux port, 2013 has a USB port but it doesn't work as an aux, just charges. So it has an aux channel on the radio but no input to it at all.
The don't work well, always disconnect and the phone can't connect to that and the cars Bluetooth for phone calls. So you get music or phone calls but not both, and you have to stop the car to switch between them.
I have a 2010 and a 2013, neither have Bluetooth audio. Just test drive a 2018, it didn't have Bluetooth audio.
But it doesn't have to sell, just be in the lineup. They take the loss on it because it allows them to make a fortune on the trucks and SUVs that get 15 mpg.
Chevy isn't making the volt to make money, the make it so they can sell suburbans. If they do make any money on the volt it's just a bonus.
Average means the fleet average. So you make one car that gets 100mpg to cover the one that gets 12 mpg.
Not if all your money is in oil stocks 
Unless you can't get OTA
YouTube tv has very few markets though, if your not in one your screwed.
I actually haven't found a place yet that will let you try them.
Not all of them, just went to the store in Las Vegas and they did not allow you to try them. They said the display ones kept walking away. They did not even have any out of the box.
They don't work in all cars. My car had Bluetooth for phone calls and I got a adapter for music, but the phone wouldn't connect to both at the same time, so I either got music or phone calls but not both. And I would have to shut the car off to switch between them.
Just a triple? You sick bro?
Not really, it's a new OS designed for hardware more advanced than that phone has, so it may still be slower.
My 6 still runs great on 9.3.3
But yeah, starting to see apps I can't get and some old ones losing support. Ironically the App Store app was one of the first to have issues and the search function on it doesn't work anymore.
Welcome to middle age. I was out for 4 days last month cause I used the wrong pillow and my neck wouldn't work.
I first heard that the replacements were based on the percentage but then that started doing it for everyone.
The new update is supposed to turn on the throttling after your phone crashes the first time, not at as certain percent.  I think.
Every morning coming home from the gym there is a lady running in my neighborhood, I see her at the same spot every time. Road goes down a hill and turns and there are no streetlights. Because of the turn, your headlights don't hit her till the last second. She's always right there in my lane, in the dark with no lights wearing all black. Every fucking day. Best part is there is a nice even sidewalk right fucking there, but no...run in traffic in the dark like a moron.
Just because they saw it there doesn't mean the population lives there. They probably have a range of hundred if not thousands of square miles. Bear and cougar are routinely seen in places they shouldn't be as they pass through.
Unfortunately they won't hold it for you and the store is a four hour trip away, so they have called twice and I couldn't make it so they give the battery to someone else.
I think with this update it will get worse as people freak out when their battery hits 80% and try to get replacements. Lines are just going to get longer.
Unfortunately they have none, 8-10 week wait at best.
Ironically, my battery is so bad I can't take the update that would give me the ability to see how bad it is.
It didn't in the beta
More likely they have a public and private wifi, and he switches between the two depending on what he is doing at the time. That's what I have to do.
Apple won't take any of my cards even though my bank says they should and they are on the approved list. So no.
Seems like it varies by store though. Mine says 8-10 weeks wait for a battery and then when it comes in the hold for three days. Better plan ahead.
Just playing devils advocate...I have to close apps on my iPhone everyday cause they freeze or lock up, I have a dozen places in town that could work on a Samsung phone but a place that can work on iPhones is over three hours away, and I have a folder of useless iPhone apps I can't delete.
The told me if you can't make it in three days they will give it away to someone else.
Didn't realize there were other kinds, that's what get for living in a stupid Midwest town. I hear rumors of these climbing gyms and other things as well. Might as well be unicorn factories.
All that wasted karma
3. Profit?
5-3-1 would make me feel worse cause I'd need a graphing calculator and 3 Asian kids with me just to figure out what to lift. Now I'm weak and stupid, thanks math.
No, there's no cardio at all. Almost no movement at all. They show you one pose, you do it. They show you one kick you do it. You all bow and go home. In 6 months my kid never broke a sweat or got dirty.
Weird, the most I've ever seen them move is like 1 kick or punch following what the instructor does. Maybe shifting from one pose to another. There was never any activity more than 2 seconds and never any contact or activity between students.
Always thought it was pretty lame and kind of laughed when I saw people did it for exercise.
It's very impressive for about 95% of the population, don't forget that.
To be fair, that's what most adults at gyms are doing too
You always hear this but every class I've been to or my kids went to, or I even watched...was just people standing around watching an instructor and every once in a while doing what he did. There was almost no athletic activity of any kind. 
Guess my area just sucks.
***more than three times
Bullshit, my brand new phone had the screen come loose and I had to send it in, was gone weeks. If i would have had any other brand I could have had it fixed at a number of places where I lived, but apple forced you to send it to them.
Give me all my picks back you pancake eating mother fucker!
It's not just the range, I'm 16 miles from some towers and can't get them because of buildings and hills in between. 
We should set up a go find me account for him
Not if we make luck play linebacker also
Actually they are kind of doing what people asked. The basic package is pretty much locals and major channels, but then they have add on packs you can buy...kids, education, news, sports, entertainment with various channels. So you just pay for what you want. You can even add showtime and HBO.
I think they realize people are leaving and figure this is better than losing them completely.
I hate defending Comcast because they are the root of all evil, but at least they are starting to come around.
6? I'm still using 4, and I forget that half the time. 12 just means I'm writing it on a yellow sticky stuck to the back of the phone.
Since the bowl is edible and all the intervals are the same as a taco, I would argue that a taco salad is not a salad at all and just a giant taco. Therefor it could not be the best salad.

God the season needs to start soon...
Well they missed on their new wireless charger, should have been apple juice.
Figured they can't let a second one by.
Comcast has their own streaming service now, very similar to direct tv now. My offer was $18 a month for the basic package, no contract and a cloud dvr.
They are all getting there eventually. Now they are just going to gouge you on Internet cause they have the monopoly on that. They are already offering discounts on Internet if you buy their streaming service, so in essence charging you more for using someone else.
Begun the isp wars have...
Yeah, going from 3-6 and probably getting the same guy plus a bunch of picks was great. Going from 6-12 and missing in a big guy would require a lot of picks and at least a first this year and next..
You mean the new proprietary 3.14" jack...the pie hole?
I don't believe that happens
Weekend at Andrews 
I think it's the meds that's the problem. Get people on daily pills that you have to pay up front for and charge out the ass for them. That takes people to the poor house much faster than a random hospital bill.
It was always real glitchy on iOS. Timers never worked right and it would skip exercises sometimes. Plus to view any history or charts you had to pay the full subscription of like $115 a year.
Almost any hospital will just write off the bill as charity if you can't pay. Lady I know had husband die after brain surgery after months in the hospital. Bills came to over $1,000,000. She called and said there was no way she could pay it, they wrote it off and reached a deal where she paid like $1000. 
My hospital writes off bills all the time. 
TIL there are dodgeball leagues.
It's Star Trek, the scene were Gandalf and the dwarves tell Harry that he is a wizard and they need him to take the ring to the empire to blow up the Death Star before the Klingons can use it to attack the last battle star.
I know everyone wants your mom
Adidas, they said contact the store.
They don't do that kind of stuff at this store. Staff has no real training and will just bring out various boxes for you to try on. There is no analysis or anything. Just ask what shoes you want to see and bring a couple sizes to try on. They also mark up the price by 30-40 cause they are pretending to be a specialty store. I'd happily support them if they weren't blatantly ripping people off.
My local store doesn't. Bought a pair and after running in them the first time, part of the sole started peeling off. They would not let me return them even though they were falling apart after less than 2 miles.
Now I just go in there to try on shoes then go order them online.
Nah, Nelson is better at his position than Chubb and it's a spot we need more.
Didn't he die?
A couple big free agents would not make this team a champion, too many holes. So we'd waste a lot of money to squeeze out a couple more wins, and only get worse draft picks to show for it.
I'm all for building a great team for years in the future, even if it means a few shitty years now.
The fact that he took a one year contract with Oakland for like half of what he was asking us for tells me he really didn't want to stay. In the end the players do make the choice.
Plus if they don't want to be here, are they gonna be all in every game once they get payed.
Till someone gets hurt, then they be calling people out of the stands cause we got no body
I don't remember where, but you can set it to require your approval for purchases. Then you can just deny it.
To be fair, he hasn't seen him for more than half his career...probably forgot he existed.
Apparently there's not an iOS one, or at least not  good one
As a beginner the 5-3-1 programs scare the shit out of me. I could probably lift it but not do the math, and even reading the sheets confuses the hell out of me. I'd be at the gym for hours. Simple is good.
The 6 probably shouldn't have gotten 11, so I hope they drop it at 12.
Doc put me on a diet for stomach issues that's basically no carb, and I've been prepping all my meals and snacks. It just hit me this is perfect for working out. I'd always quit before cause of various reasons, but I said fuck it. I'm just going to go to my shitty gym and do 5x5, even if I have to use Dumbbells cause they have no real weights.
Get to gym and there in a golden ray of light from the heavens is a gift from broden. They replaced one of the smith machines with a brand new fully functional rack! With a brand new shiny full size bar. And on the back of this rack...stacks of new plates, all in the proper place. 
I was able to use this gift for 45 min straight of squats, bench and rows and got my first workout done. To top it off, hot yoga pants lifting milf said she's missed me and is glad I'm back. Then came and deadlifted right in front of me for 15 minutes.

The rant part of all this? Everything has fallen into place, so if I fail now....it's on me. I'm out of excuses. 

That's what I'm trying to do but they have none in stock.
Stuff?
another midwest state, nobody i know uses whatsup and most havnt heard of it.
long story, but cant place an order. Apple store is almost 3 hours away so if I place an order and they tell me to come in, they wont hold the battery long enough for me to make it there. They said they only hold it for three days and if I cant make it they give it to someone else. So they just keep saying to call back and check levels when I can come in, and they said 8-10 weeks before they expect the store to have any in stock to do that.
yeah. I stopped and it took like 5 days for the symptoms to go away. Waited a while and started taking the multi vitamin at night and its much better. I'll try to add the vit D back in a week or so. Apparently the time of day makes a big difference to some people.
I've been waiting since Jan for a 6 battery, they are still saying 8-10 weeks.
Tolzien is a free agent, I know we want to keep him and that will cost big money.
Live there, biggest threat are the ticks 
We used spray 9 in the navy to clean the rust off of, well everything. It's an amazing cleaner but it will take the paint right off a surface so be careful with it.
Works in my 6 on iOS 9.3.3
Hmmm, I'll have to talk to my library. They have all the instructions but doesn't tell you how to log into overdrive to get the books.
How do you get the books to the kindle? I can only read them from my library's website and it's supper annoying.
My kid got a fucking sundial the other day. Thanks Arby's, that's what the kids want now days.
It's kinda sad, many people that do live here never go out and just spend hours looking at YouTube or combing pictures for blurry faces. Just get outside, even if it's not Bigfoot the outside is still better.
Don't fall for it, it's just a coverup to make math seem fun.
What your what now?
I've done it a couple times, results are meh. The video is so bouncy and off tangent most of the time it's hard to review. And honestly I got tired of watching hours of videos of trees.
Let me check... I'll be back.
Yes, but it supposed to work when plugged in and charging on the 6's I thought 
I can shout it right next to the phone and it doesn't respond
I've seen that somewhere before, but I can't recall...
My wife came with the same option.
Go to a real running store. They will have people that can analyze your stride and recommend the correct shoes. I would also suggest running outside if you can, treadmills can really screw up your form and strike causing issues like this.
Works on att, I just put my sim in it and it works fine.
Att only as far as I know.
Damn bees taking all our jobs!
Funny, I still consider the 7 a new phone cause my 6 still works fine. 
Yep, no argument. Just saying that Apple does have some low priced phones, they aren't all $1000.
You can get a new iPhone SE for $150
I was just thinking this morning that it's March already and I missed my chance at a summer body this year. I promise to start next year, no point to start now right?
It's waited 40 years, another year won't hurt anything.
You realize the irony of sitting in your chair surfing the Internet and then complaining that people actually doing stuff are lazy?
Don't like what they are doing and have better ideas? Go do it.
Dilly dilly
Still have? One day I'll have a phone that can do stuff like that...
Do you like it in a chair?
Don't worry, it's just Sarah from the consumer credit monitoring agency. There's nothing wrong with your account or card, they just need to let you know about the new rates you may qualify for...
I have the old Touch ID so it's slow enough I can use the button to view notifications without setting off the Touch ID. Perks of not updating I guess.
I'd like to see them do something with gestures or voice for the unlock process. Like face id brings you to notifications and then you wink or say "home" to open the rest of the way. Keep your hands off the phone as that seems to be the direction they want to go in. Although I will miss being able to unlock my phone under a table during meetings without being seen.
"That guy" is a black lab and a jar of peanut butter.
Can't confirm, am 40, feel like death.
Easy. Do you enjoy doing it? Then it's not a waste of of time. Who cares if you find anything or can prove anything. As long as you have fun, it's not hurting anyone to go look.
If movies have taught me anything... Take the glasses off and take down the pony tail and she will be smoking hot.
Fox is easy. Hear a sound in the woods? Could be a fox. They make almost every noise imaginable.
You spelled Tolzien wrong
Udderly disgusting
True. I wish you could get a phone ala cart, like a pc. 
My issue is the swipe, if they could get rid of that I might be ok with it. 
Touch ID- thumb on phone for a second.
Face ID- hold phone up and thump on phone for a second.
Seems like an extra step.
Plus designing phones for enthusiasts would make them way too expensive and complicated for most people.
But yeah, they should have both options available...a super tech model if you will.
The colts new defense is looking to get younger, faster and hungrier. This dude would fit perfect, I hope we can pick him up in the 3rd or 4th.
Yeah, my wife had hers don laparoscopically and she was up and moving around 3 hours after surgery, went home that night. Was back at work three days later. Slow and sore, but much better than the surgery used to be.
Never gotten it to work. Most files or things don't have an option to airdrop, the ones that do never have a recipient show in the list. Even with two phones in and everything set up, string right next to each other.
Your lucky, they are telling us 8-10 weeks and will not even order one for you cause it is so far out. They just said to call back when the wait is shorter and then they could get you in a list.
But it seems every store is different. I've seen people walk in and get one same day with no appointment and other wait 4 weeks at the same store.
Siri is like a voice transcription device for the command line, if you say everything exactly the way she wants your fine, miss one slash your fucked.
I don't meet their log in requirements, but thanks.
Not on pc  :(
Ps4, which makes it worse cause communication sucks and no add ons. Pc's players forget how bad it is without those things, an actual auction house would be a huge boost for console players.
They all either have sale minimums or cost more gold than I would make to join them. 
You should be able to sell stuff without a guild.
It also prevents me from using it cause I'm not in a guild and don't want to spend hours running across the world randomly checking vendors. 
This is the worst sales system I've seen in a game.
They had me taking 1,000 iu with a multivitamin. One of them or both made me very sick even for days after I stopped taking it.
Yeah, we tried it in the roof outside, but we're one story and there taller buildings across the street so we probably need to go up 20-30 feet. But that would still only get us 3 stations. Just not worth it.
D3
Just went to doc for a physical and blood work, bill is over $2000 so far and still waiting on all bills to come in.
Doc put me on that, made me nauseous with vomiting and diarrhea.
We tried three antennas and two tvs, just no towers close enough or too much stuff in the way.
Not really, I mean I might be able to get the local abc station then, but we still don't have any other networks. So cable is the only way to get them. I just wish they would come up with other option besides cable and OTA that doesn't exist everywhere.
No jailbreak, just old. Resetting the app doesn't fix it. A hard reboot will fix it, once. Then it stops working again.
Because they make other phones and you are allowed to dislike things apple does
Those were on other devices before. Apple may have improved them but they didn't invent them.
Similar to tv fool, and about as inaccurate. It says I should get 22 with my antenna, we got 1. And the fix station they have listed went off the air years ago.
Tried three different antennas inside and outside and we get nothing.
Big cities maybe, but the land between the coasts would be without options then. We have one nbc station 16 miles from me, can't pick it up with any antenna. The other major networks are all from towns very far away so I would never get them without cable. 
Weird, mine has the tab and you can type in the search box but it will never do anything else.
You are a freaking genius.
Att from what we were told 
And that's only for new subscribers, existing are screwed
I said the same thing last year, I'm probably going back. Trying to watch the NFL without Sunday ticket was just horrific. They are the only way for me to watch football.
I just made my own budgeting spreadsheet in Google sheets. I find that having to manually out in each time I spend money makes me more aware of it and stay on top of it than the apps that tie to your bank and update automatically. Makes me think about every purchase.
Me and the wife both have a 6, hers on the latest OS and mine still in 9.3.3, and she has way more bugs and issues than I do. Side by side comparisons, mine is noticeably faster. But, like you, I'm starting to see apps that don't work anymore. Ironically the App Store app was one of the first, the search feature in it no longer works.
I'm going to hold out as long as I can after seeing the issues with hers.
My finger sits there when I hold my phone, would work fine.
Nah just a crappy gym
Tried to use that for a boarding pass once, security wouldn't accept it and we had to go back to the counter to print a paper ticket and wait in line again.
Never tried to use it again for anything else.
Rack? Safety bars? What are these things?
I still don't, way over 14
I'm a freakin retard. Never thought about adding food numbers as contacts, I've been googling them every time...
Your fever just made you a warm spot to lay on.
Weird, I can add other contacts as relations to each other but can't say "this one is my wife" 
TIL I only use my phone as a phone...
Maybe they can tell apple that the street I live in actually exists. Lived there for 4 years, still not on the map. Can't even put my home address in cause it doesn't recognize it.
Because Apple doesn't conform to people, people conform to apple. Your ears are wrong.

Edit just in case...  /s
The thing is the audio jack doesn't prevent you from using Airpods, so everyone could win. But no...
Hey Siri  has never worked in my phone when I try, but she will randomly pop up if I'm having a conversation.
It says to go to settings and under Siri there is a setup area, but it's not there.
Best place to get assauly rifles
I basically do nothing all day, desk job or sit in car for about 10 hours. Back when I was actively tracking I would maintain at 1600-1800 and had to get down below 1300 to really lose weight.
But that lifestyle sucks so now I choose to be fat.
I hurt myself doing the strenuous activity of sleeping the other day. So there's that...
I'm a normal male and my tdee is like 1600. Not everyone is active all day
Craigslist is way cheaper and faster. Met the dude in an alley, paid cash and walked away. He was nice enough to go ahead and remove the serial number for me also.
And a hot tub, and car tires and a casket.
Android is also for someone who just wants a basic phone for calling and texting for cheap. My grandma don't need a $1000 phone for that.
My 6 is still great after 3 years, gonna get a new battery this fall to go another 2 years and then make a big upgrade to a 6s.
Updated my wife's 6 and it is much slower and has weird glitches with texting and safari.
My 6 is still on 9 and it's running great.
You bench more than me...rock on
Diarrhea is hereditary, it runs in your jeans
Thought he was cool, for about 2 seconds
Funny story. In the military in range day we had a new guy who thought he was a gangster. Turned gun sideways and fired one round. Casing ejected straight into his face then went down his shirt. He got out an " oh fuc..." Before the range master dropped his ass to the ground.
Well I pass work and home, given the amount of time I spend at both...odds are its in of the two.
Congrats on "your" baby!
I still use the original cable that came with my 6 three years ago, my wife has gone through dozens in the same period of time. No ideas, I think she eats them.
High speed porn?
People using older androids or cheap ones.
I think that is the biggest problem. People lump android into one category when it should be 4or 5, no way a $50 throw away android can compete with an iPhone but people still try to compare them. And android has come a long way recently and the flagships are very good now. Comes down to personal choice. I like googles ecosystem better than apples(cause I don't want to have to buy all apple shit to make it work), but I like the simpleness of iPhones and getting updates from them directly and not through a carrier.
One point. Their service is great if you have an Apple Store, if you don't they have some of the shittiest customer service to deal with issues.
That's why it won't catch on here, no one uses it and no one is going to be that guy that forces everyone into a new app just to talk to them. The us also has a larger percent of iPhone users than other places and iMessage works just like whatsup. Plus iMessage will still go to android users so we don't have to worry about different platforms. Also, sms is free and unlimited for almost every plan here so it's not a big deal to use it. Personally, I'm not near wifi very often so I need something that works without it.
You gotta pick a side dude, this is the Internet. No room for rational thought.
Just an example, and I know not all android phones are the same so ymmv.
Switched from iPhone to an HTC 1 back when it was ranked one of the best phones. First one had a problem with the speaker. Returned and the second one would crash every  hour or so. Returned and got another, finally got to use it. Found out it would not receive phone calls or texts while listening to music, it would get them just not notify you. I tried a number of combinations of text apps and music apps and could never find one that worked. HTC customer support said it was a feature so I wouldn't be interrupted while listening to music. Only way around it was too root it, definitely not something a normal user should have to do just to use a phone.
Both iOS and android have their issues and I hate apple with a passion that burns brighter than the sun, but u still use my old iPhone because I got tired of dicking with my phone to make it work.
I use an iPhone, but use almost all google services. Because I have a pc and not a Mac, Google works better than apple on their own device. Unless you have all the apple pieces their ecosystem kinda sucks.
I'd rather not say, it's a small town and easy to identify by name. But they are a small local training club, but had a number of certifications for the business and trainers, just screwed up with this class. They focus on agility training and competitions but offered puppy training classes for free because he was a rescue. 
I promise OP a million dollars if he can prove it
And... Did you?
We'd have to really cut down on births to keep the population in check, but who wants to raise kids in their 700's anyway right?
The car would survive the accident, so your kids could drive it cause you ded.
Thank you for taking the time to put all this together, i really appreciate it.
We actually contacted the company that did the training last night and they right away remembered our class and said they have had a number of complaints about it. They let one of their volunteers teach that class and they put out a bunch of wrong information or incomplete information. They removed that person from their programs and have been trying to contact people that took that class. Without me asking they listed off a number of things we were taught and why they were wrong and what we should do. They spent over an hour with us and gave us a bunch of material and paperwork, and promised us a refund and to allow us to come back through another class taught by the actual trainer. Just from what they showed us and a quick read through your links, i can see exactly where we went wrong.

So we had a little family meeting and everyone agreed to chip in and help out, so we are going back to what we were doing before all this. The dog goes for a run with me in the morning, I go home at lunch and play with him, the kids play with him after school, we do training at night, and someone will take him for a walk before bed.Then the 2 year old chased him around the backyard for an hour and taught him tricks(ie, threw food on the ground and said eat when the dog ate it).

We figured out the issue with his training(some of it), they never taught us to use a clicker or release command. So if you say sit, he would sit and stand right back up for his treat or run around looking for the next thing to do. We went back through some of his basic training the correct way and he got it right away. He got sit, stand, lie down and stay all correct within minutes. I taught him to shake in about 15 minutes over lunch today, so hes smart and I dont think training will be an issue now that we know the correct way. Now if i can just get him to stop peeing on me every time i touch him...

Its amazing the difference having accurate information can make, we learned our lesson of following advice without questioning it especially when we knew it wasn't working.Thanks for being so helpful and civil with your comments, it means a lot.
Obviously nobody can predict what will come from all this, but I'm excited to have a whole new start with some young coaches and new eyes. That plus a focus on building through the draft and locally rather than plugging in washed up veterans. I just can't wait to see what they do. Even if it's not great it sure will be fun to watch. Talent wasn't our biggest issue last year as much as stagnant coaching, predictable play calling and poor planning and motivation. I can't wait to get this season rolling.
I've got that growing in the cabinet under my sink right now.
Breakfast 100
Lunch 300
Dinner 400
Evening snack 5000  

Cause I suck at this 
So it's an extra step than Touch ID? Seems like either way your putting your thumb on the phone, but with Face ID you also have to hold it up at a certain angle and be looking at it. Seems like it would be slower to unlock.
Seems like you're more likely to look at your phone, say to check the time, rather than place your thumb on a certain small area.
Thanks
Oh ok, just reading the prereqs said it was an advanced class and talked about some things I've never heard of. Thanks again
Apparently we've gotten bad advice from a number of places we thought were legit. We are more than willing and able to put in the time, we are just lost at how to start. Everything we've read talks about teaching the dog things or getting over distractions. But it seems to be us training him that is the distraction, he's just so excited to do it that he can't concentrate. 
Said it was dangerous for him and allowing him to continue would just reinforce bad behaviors.
Apparently that is bad advice, but we weren't really knowledgeable enough to argue with professionals who we thought knew what they were doing.
They said letting him walk like that was just reinforcing the bad behavior and it would get worse. They advised we stop until he could be trained.
He's a lab/dachshund mix.
It sounds bad now cause we've gotten stuck in this circle, but six months ago it was very different. We were walking him, he was much better behaved. As he got older the walks got worse and worse until the vet and trainer advised we stop walking him. Obviously something in our training was off, but he stopped responding to food and any training whatsoever.
Now we are stuck in this circle that he needs the exercise to concentrate on the training, but needs the training to be able to exercise. Everything we read starts with getting the dog to focus on us and avoid distractions but it seems we are the distraction. Maybe why the trainer was able to work with him, but when we try he just bounces around and can't focus cause he's so excited. So we are kind of lost as where to start getting his attention in a calm manor.
Thanks for the links, these seem kind of advanced for him but we'll look around and see if the offer anything more basic.
We stopped walking him because the vet and the trainer advised against it. He pulls too hard for a collar and won't walk in a harness, just sits and tries to eat it. So we are kinda stuck with the backyard until we can figure out a way to calm him down enough to start training him on a leash.
We used to walk him at least twice a day, but both the vet and the trainer recommended against it. They said he needed leash trained to avoid hurting himself and others  and to not use a collar. We tried harnesses but he will not walk with them on, he ate two in the process of trying to get him used to them. He just sits and chews on them and will not walk with them on. 
So we are stuck in this cycle of him needing exercise to concentrate on the training, but needing the training so we can get him out to exercise.
We've had other dogs with no issues, this one just can't seem to concentrate or focus long enough to do even basic training at home. 
Exercise is probably a big issue because of his issues we can't walk him anymore and no day care or dog parks will allow him. He's ok in the yard as long as you aren't with him, if you are he goes crazy.
The training place was highly recommended and reviewed and he did great there, but he can't transfer it to home. Too distracting apparently. They did have us use visible treats there, but he even ignores those at home most of the time and just wants to focus on jumping on the person and trying to lick them. It's like the presence of the training person is enough to distract him from the training. I'm not sure how to get around that. He just a gets so excited during training that he can't focus on it. 
It's a 6
We replaced it with a regular one. It was turned all the way up, water was hot for a few minutes but anything like a shower or washing dishes just got lukewarm. Regular water heater was much cheaper, provides enough water and lower electric bill, so it's  much better. 
Ehhh... To beat it we just have a bunch of pet sorcs log in and crash the server.
Yeah, people only commute by car here so there's no point in headphones really.
It's a regular 6, they seem to be struggling to stock those.
It was electric, they said the electric ones just weren't good enough but to switch to gas was too expensive so we just got a regular electric one.
It came with the house so I have no idea.
We called several plumbers and they all recommended replacing it with a regular water heater, so we did. 
It doesn't though, calls never come through. If you unpair the cars Bluetooth, the calls come through the phone.
It's retarded.
The problem is they made Airpods out of hard plastic that only fit certain people. If they don't fit, your out of luck.
Phone calls go through the cars Bluetooth, music should go through the aux one...but the phone won't connect to both at the same time so I have to pick and constantly disconnect and reconnect different Bluetooth signals. It's the phone as far as I can tell, it wants to use one of the other but not both.
Bluetooth adapters don't work with my phone and car, you get phone calls or music but not both and they drop out all the time.
And I'd like to charge my phone and listen to music
Doubt the second part, I've never seen anyone using wireless headphones in public. One set of Airpods from the dude in my office, and he returned them cause they sucked.
Makes it cheaper for them to make the phones, but charge us more. And force you to buy dongles and new headphones. How is that not about money?
You can still do all the wireless shit with the jack in the phone. That's the issue. Removing it was a convenience for them not the users.
Then why else remove it? It's not to use Bluetooth, you could do that anyway. It's not for waterproofing, others are more waterproof with a jack. It's not for space, people proved it would fit.
They removed a universal adapter and replaced it with a proprietary one. That's all about money.
Yeah but you could still use those with a headphone jack, and if I got a phone without a jack if have to get a new car...no Bluetooth.
Ehh...more like all the slightly warmer than room temp water than you'll ever need.

Ours was horrible.
This doesn't seem right, but I'm too new to argue it.
Oh, I have a 6 so never knew
Apparently...I thought Microsoft bought them and shut them down when the stopped doing Windows phones.
What is a display haptic?
Nokia is still alive?
Just wouldn't work outside big cities, people are too spread apart here. It would cost a fortune to install and run.
But if it was? No, I wouldn't take it. It would save me like $10 a week and be very inconvenient. And it would take a lot longer, so less free time for me. Plus all the errands and shopping I do on the way to or from work would have to be done later, so even less free time.
To sell you Bluetooth headphones
Well we haven't heard back from op yet?
It's the size man, most people I work with drive over 30 minutes to work each way. We are just so spread out, that outside big cities , public transportation is almost uses cause you'd take a bus to pick up like 2 people.
It just doesn't make sense...
For instance, Chicago is about 200 miles from me. 
Train - $75, about 6 hours and is always at least an hour late.
Plane -$150, about 3 hours including onload and offload.
Car - $30, about 3 hours

For shorter distances it's worse, to get from my house to work is about 10 miles. I would have to take 2 cabs and a bus for about $20 and it would take over an hour.
Or drive and take 20 minutes and about $2 in gas.
Why would a take public transportation? It's slower and more expensive.
I totally get it in larger cities where driving and parking is a problem, or you can get to everything you need on public transport. But outside the bigger cities it's just slower and more expensive and a huge pain. Driving is cheap and easy.
Thereiry'reest
I go to a small satellite branch, never waited more than 5 min.
Public transportation only works in big population centers, otherwise you're just paying for empty buses or trains to drive around the country.
Not really, the servers prefer it too. They make way more off tips than the would if they paid min wage.
I'm in the us and don't feel that way at all, very few people at scared everyday, they just put those few on the news to drive up ratings.
Hmmm, my Netflix and Amazon dont, must be a different sub or on pc only.
Because they were designed before cars, most of ours were after
Cause most places you can't walk to
Just be careful, we got one online with a 90 day return. The mattress was shit so we returned it, but we had to pay the shipping. Between the cost of renting a truck to get it to fedex and the price of shipping, we saved like $10 returning it. It would have been better just to throw it away.
Never again will I buy a mattress I can't touch first and have an actual return policy.
You couldn't even buy the parts for that price, that's nice.
Isn't it kind of overkill though? Everything I can watch comes at 1080 at best.
I don't know, I wouldn't buy one without a legit charging port. Wireless is nice but if I'm at the airport waiting for a flight I'd rather get a 50% charge than 20%. I already wish they had fast charging like some other phones, slowing it down would seem even worse.
But I guess we'll see, they've already shown more than willing to get rid of useful ports and cables.
I don't care about waterproofing at all so this would just be a step backwards, 
I would need to get it over the big buildings across from me, about 20 feet over my roof I'm guessing. 
That seems a little overpriced for what is basically an SE. Seems like they are pricing themselves out of everything but high end users.
Dunno, they just said I needed an appointment.

Edit: sounds like I was talking to the wrong people and they were trying to make an appointment to check the battery, not replace it. Guess I have to call someone else to reserve it first.
Seems like resetting to factory or trying to fix or restore a bricked phone would be a huge pain.
And unless they can really speed up wireless charging, it would be annoying. And traveling would be a huge pain, no power bricks, no charging at random outlets or off a laptop.
Plus, All the accessories that have come out that use the port.
This is one case where they would really need wait for the market to catch up before it stopped becoming a pain in the ass, but I can totally see them doing it anyway.
Just admit you hate kids with cancer
A lot more features than regular texting too
Not necessarily. I've got towers 16 miles away and can't pick them up with any antenna I've tried. Just in a dead zones guess.
Doesn't seem like that big of a change, either the phone is tied to the pc with a cable, or the phone sits on a pad that is tied to the pc with a cable.
Just seems like an expensive accessory to buy to save the fraction of a second it takes to plug in a cable.
Will be interesting to see though.
Seems to depend on who answers the phone, I guess you just keep calling till you get the answer you want.
They said they don't make appointments that far out and to call back and check later
Called apple support and the store, we don't have one close so I'm not driving 2 hours to take a chance the have an appointment available and a battery in stock. 
No charging port means no way to back up or restore phone to iTunes.
I think logmein has this ability now, at least the version we use at work does.
So their cheapest phone will be $1000?
No, cause they haven't had any in stock for months
Not anymore, AppleCare just told me to call the store. They will only order for warantee repairs.
Our Best Buy is doing walking only, no appointments.
The apple store said the wouldnt order a battery without an appointment, and won't make one that far out. They said they are walk in only, and since the store is two hours away I'm not taking that chance.
AppleCare said "your phones out of warrantee, call the store"

There's going to have to be some big compromises on a lot of fronts. Thank goodness our government and politicians excel at cooperation and working together to solve issues for the people.
So either ban all semi-automatics or do nothing?
I got nothing here
Maybe go by rate of fire and mag size?
Just to slow down the damage someone could do.
Except the chicken
Looks dead to me man, it's even laying down.
I'm trying to get my battery replaced and they keep saying 6-8 weeks to get a battery. But they won't make appointments out that far, but they won't order a battery without an appointment. So it's a never ending circle...
I just got a bill for a visit 25 months ago...they can still get you.
I have a pager at work right now
Guy with a last name of stain. Not too bad but we were in the navy so he was seaman stain.
I believe the wires are low enough the wheels will role over them. They normally hit wire 3 and roll over 4, so I don't think it's an issue.
I mean what happens if you're wiping and slip and shove your whole fist up your ass? Now your gay. Where do you think all the gays came from? Wiping accidents man...
And still no fans
After this I imagine they will, and also get a new sheriff next election if not sooner.
Right on the cables, if you hit early the hook or even the whole plan can bounce over the cables and cause a miss, too late and well...you missed.
One of the 4
Generally when they hit the deck they apply full power. If they wait to see if they caught the wire it would be too late to get off the deck again in case they missed
So hit deck, apply power, wait to see if plane stops or goes. If it stops, shut down. If it doesn't stop, take off again and hope you have enough fuel to make it around again.
How else are you going to lay down covering fire while you storm the beach to capture the bunker?
We also had a very easy schedule
Cool
How do they survive in the wild then?
Warden. You get a big ass bear that can kill most thing on his own, great self heals and buffs, and some of your damage spells are on a delay. It's a little weird at first, but it slows the flights down and the class is less spammy button clicky than some others.
Can we get angerererer back?
Dude, make whatever you want. It's only really going to matter when you get to pvp or very high level end game stuff. By then you will have figured it out and can either respec everything or make another character. You can't really go wrong.
I got morrowind for Christmas, made a warden but haven't touched any of those zones yet so I've got plenty to do.
I just love how this game has so much in it to do and doesn't feel like you have to get to endgame to do cool or powerful things. Plus I can play it as a single
Player game with the bonus of people that show up every once in a while.
I love being a filthy casual. I got the base game for $10 and haven't bought a DLC or sub yet and still have 90% of the content left. I figure at my play rate I have another year before ill need to buy something for new content.
I for one, welcome our new viking overlords.
It is, but it's not live. Can't see the games till the next day and they don't have all the games I don't think.
Exactly, I pay Comcast $70 just for shitty Internet. Adding tv takes it over $100. They have a monopoly and they know it.
And all most people are asking for is to keep guns from those people. Unfortunately only the outliers seem to get attention, so the story is either..."take all the guns!" or "arm every child with a bazooka!".
If we could get the media, politicians and crazy spokesmen out of the way I'm sure the rest of us could all sit down and come up with some viable solutions.
It can get hairy
Fake news just like global warming
Since everything in the universe came from that one point, technically it was everyone's assholes
They didn't replace it with wireless/Bluetooth though, they existed before and you can have both. They replaced a universal connector with a proprietary connector...seems like a step down to me.
It wasn't an advancement in hardware though. It's not like they replaced it with a new type of better jack. You can still use Bluetooth with a headphone jack in the phone. All they did was force you to buy dongles.
I'm going to finally finish the main quest, just go over here and rescue this dude and...what is that thing, can I kill it? Yeah I totally killed it but no good loot, maybe another one would have something. Hey is that iron? I should mine it. I bet I have a lot in the bank, I should go craft something. Yeah I made a new dagger, let's go try it out. I'll just go do that quest and try, oh hey what's in that building? Oh hey dude, you need some help? Just kill these rats for you, sure I got time. Just 5 rats...is that a boss rat over there? Your mine bitch! Wait there's a delve behind him, might as well clear it while I'm here. Got it all done and a skyshard. Hmmm I only need one more to get another point, let me look online and find the closest one. Might as well get all the ones in the zone while I have the map open...
7 hours later...I'm tired, I'll get to that quest tomorrow.
They are setting themselves up for the future. Almost every school kid is using chrome books and soon they will be buying their own computers, what do you think they will choose?
My son already prefers his chrome book to our surface cause he's more used to it and it works great for what he needs. 
Or as we call them, the good old days
Yet
I always hear this but I've never seen equipment like that for less than $1000. Must just very by area 
It was. The states right to own people. See how that works?
Mmmm...somebody needs a smiting
You're down voted but you're not wrong. I can pay for oil and a filter($20 at best) then pay for the disposal fee($5) or I can just pay my local garage to do it($29).
The extra 4 dollars is not worth my time.
Well, I could have their untrained staff do it and chance fucking it up, forcing legal action to correct. Or my untrained ass could do it and have no recourse at all.
Sure I could watch some YouTube videos, but it seems like a huge risk.
You can tell it to, but it doesn't. The alert pops on on the phone but no sound.
Must depend on the phone, mines usually within like a football field. I might be able to tell what house it was in but not enough to go digging in the snow.
Weird, mine doesn't make a noise. But I have all kinds of issues with sounds and alarms randomly not playing, so maybe that's it.
I wouldn't think you could find it by the location, it's usually within a couple hundred feet but nowhere near close enough to say " that's in my car". Right now mine shows in the house across the street...ish.
How often do you lose your phone?
Ahhhh, the dongle of 2018
You got lucky with two weeks. Our closest store is still saying 8-10 weeks and won't make appointments that far out.
We got stuck on a trip and couldn't get home. We're away 14 hours so I expected a mess when we got home. But my 9 month old lab mix held it the whole time. He goes at least 8 hours at night every night and holds it.
Perfect, take my money
I know, I wish the NFL would just do it themselves. I would gladly pay good money for access to every game, live, in quality stream, all in one place. Without being tied in to a multi year contract. So I didn't have to bounce around between services or sick with illegal streams.
That's cool but I wish someone could get a contract for all the games...without charging users a butt ton
Can confirm, I'm an ex seal
Divorce is more expensive than suffering
To be fair, I would love to be lazy and not work 
Slow down, I haven't even bought a 1080 tv yet
Thank you. I see this shit and it reminds me of the guy who lost his 9mm on watch, the guy who shot through his own foot with an m-14, and the 100's who didn't get gun qualified cause they couldn't put a couple rounds into a piece of paper 3 yards away.
Please don't arm people just cause they are veterans.
Not if his arms were broken
N10284 highway 45
Elcho, Wi
54428

No you leave it till last, it provides a protective cap for the rest of the bread. Then at the end you reunite the last two pieces to complete the circle of bread.
They were on vacation!
Shit, if a 7+ is midrange, what is my 3 year old 6?
Guess I did it then. Thought it would be more rewarding...
My bad
Cause the point of the smart speakers is to be able to do stuff without having the phone In your hand.
Don't do a lot of crafting and no enchanting so the idea never crossed my mind.
Can you decon food back into ingredients too?
No haven't finished the main quest yet
I have an AD character and have not completed the main quest in cold harbor, but maybe I'm too far or not far enough for her to trigger the next part.
Thanks for the write up, it clears up a lot. I thought the faction quest lines were more important, guess not. Any advice on where to go next, maybe something that is bigger or at least seems like you've done something important?
Take him outside more. Someplace he can play and explore on his own to burn off energy. Then do training on the leash. He'll be less distracted and calmer.
TIL you can decon enchants.
The combat information center of a guided missile destroyer.
So he needed a safety class to learn that shooting people would kill them?
Before birth, you're fine. After birth, you're fucked.
-George Carlin
The best part is it would take fractions of a second to scroll past it to the next post, but instead he spent minutes commenting on how it was a distraction.
Peanut butter on toast.
Bonus is when you throw up it still tastes like
Peanut butter.
I get no OTA channels and none of the streaming services carry major networks in our area so I'm stuck with illegal streams. Every once in a while I could get a good quality one to last through a whole game, but usually it was a shitty image and would freeze or get taken down. The only games I could watch legally were the Amazon Thursday night games and the super bowl. Everything else either wasn't available to our area or requires a cable subscription to log on to.
There literally is no other option for me to watch games other than a two year direct tv contract with the Sunday ticket package. It sucks.
My pull up bar was a doorframe one and the frame wasn't wide enough for rings. I kept busting my knuckles and hands doing dips and rows. It's doable just not enjoyable.
I tried all the squat progressions and I just kept getting hurt doing single leg stuff. Seemed like too much of a jump between them. And just don't enjoy it.
It's a great routine, just not for me. Don't enjoy many of the exercises and I lose interest quickly so working on holds and stretching for months just to be able to try a move just isn't for me. I admire people that can do it, I just need more short term accomplishments to keep motivated.
I tried it and its just not for me. The different elements were either too hard or too easy, and the progressions were either add weight or use rings which I couldn't use in my house.
I cant do L-sit at all, cant even touch the ground while sitting so i couldn't even start the first level. Squats were way too easy without adding weights i didnt have. The other stuff I progressed up to needing rings which I couldn't get.
I started it thinking I could do the program at home, but I couldn't so if I was going to have to go to a gym, i might as well just lift weights.
Almost 30 years. People under 40 probably always had cable, that's like half the population that's never had to adjust the rabbit ears.
Cool, I get zero. My neighbor bought a $300 antenna on a 30 foot pole, he gets 5.
OTA just isn't a thing everywhere, and we don't live out in the boonies.
A lot of people don't remember that long ago
We cut the cord about 6 months ago and haven't missed it at all...except for one thing. I love football and every option other than direct tvs Sunday ticket is horrible for watching football. I'm probably going to go back to direct tv next fall just cause of this, it's all I really enjoy watching and there's just no other way to get it consistently.
Everything else has been great though. Just Netflix and Hulu, no streaming services and we always find something to watch. The only thing we are kinda missing is the Olympics, but it's only every two years so not a big deal.
My son is 13, in 8th grade. They have shooter drills at their school and other schools in the district have gone on lockdown for threats and ammo being found at school.
What worries me most is he is not too concerned about it. It has become such a common occurrence that they are growing used to it.
This. Jesus Christ people, get off of YouTube and go out in the woods. Find something real or at least get some of your own experiences, rather than sifting through other people's home movies looking for shadows in the woods for fake internet points.
Completely agree. Many here in the US have lost the value of human life. There are some strange circles where killing people is considered cool. There seems to be a trend of grouping people into different classes and then placing a value on them. It happens in politics, with violence, healthcare, education, even sports. It has become ok in the minds of some to ignore the opinions, needs and even the life of other people simply because they fall into a certain group. It's sad, and I'm not sure how you fix it.
To be fair, that number includes any shooting on a school property. Including a guy who committed suicide in a school parking lot, bullets from other shootings that hit an empty school building, adults shooting each other on school property, and colleges. I think the actual number of school shootings involving kids is like 4.
Not that we don't still have a serious problem, but people are scewing the numbers to make it look
worse.
But we send thoughts and prayers via Facebook after, so we all good.
OTA is just so hit or miss. Some people can use a paper clip or random collection of junk and get 50 had channels. I'd have to get a $300 antenna mounted 30 feet over my house just to get one crappy Pbs channel. And that depends on how the wind is blowing and if all the stars align.
At least with cable I know what I'm going to get
The politicians and upper class like to keep bringing up the race issue cause it divides the people, making us weaker as a collective.
Somebody's going to find a chest somewhere full of all the deleted items and hit the jackpot.
Or it was in the winter
I have less space than that always and never get a warning.
With my aim I'm gonna need more than 6 arrows.
Gesture based navigation? Seriously, they got rid of one button, like two gestures are different. It's neat but not that different from from an iPhone 5's navigation.
Hey now, we're white not gay!
Haven't seen one in the us in a long time
What did you do with the other 9 hours and 57 minutes?
No, spin her to the left
I don't think they'll announce until at least the third game of the season, just to be sure.
Which is included in the cost of the food
Well, my two year old boy carries purses around full of little cars. He identified as a fire truck the last time I asked him...so I think we're good.
Ok, can someone say what the duck airdrop actually does? I see it advertised but have never seen anyone actually use it.
I pay $70 for 25 with Comcast.
It's always lupus
It seems to depend on who answers the phone to what process they use. I know people that reserved a battery and went in and got it changed, I know people who walked in with no appointment and got a new battery. And I know people who reserve a battery, got a call it was in, then drove in to find no battery. It's all very hit or miss depending on the store/person you talk to.
I think it's the individual stores controlling it. Some are good, some are not.
They told me 6-8 weeks to get a battery, but they won't make appointments out that far. So, keep calling back and hoping they have one in stock and will hold it for you. Which they won't, as the guy told me they are giving them out first come first serve to walk ins. 
There is a farmers market in the summer, but I don't know if they sell spices in bulk. There are some small Asian/ethnic grocery stores around but don't know any that sell in bulk.
Try hy-vee, they are a chain store but do sell dry items in bulk, they might have spices.
Just add an A to the end of every word.
Fucka youa!
What's free time?
It's just water dude, nestle can make more. Go for it.
Not really minor though
Yeah but then I'd have to talk to people...
My mother in law knows she's not allowed to smoke in our house, none of us smoke. So she goes out the sliding glass door to the back yard and stands 6 inches away from the house with the door open. I look at her, she says "what, I'm outside". So I slam the door shut in her face. 
Been playing for a year and highest character is level 30, play like once a month
Supposedly 
Flip went to the vikings
I have 3k gold, what can I get?
There's also no chance of him, or any republican, winning that district. Which is why he's unopposed. Anyone with common sense knows it's a waste of time and money to run.
Me
you mean, leaf it...
the update appears to be just the case, not the pods themselves. But, Im waiting too. I cant wear them at all.
they should make the compass icon actual work too. 
not on my 6
All those calls were to apple support. 
Our nearest store is two hours, so four round trip and there are no authorized service centers in our area. There is one new one now, but they dont do repairs in house, just mail it to another store that will.
It was my first iphone and id heard great things about the support, but ive had nothing but bad experiences with them. It seems like if you dont have a local apple store, they dont care about helping you.
Even now they are still doing it. Trying to get an old failing battery replaced and they keep telling us they are out of stock and it is 6-8 weeks to get one. They wont make an appointment for it because it is so far out and they cant guarantee one will be there cause they are giving them out to walk ins first. So I can drive 4 hours and take a chance they have a walk in appointment and a battery, or just buy a new phone.
Let me tell you how great their shipping service is. Screen started popping out of my new phone after less than 30 days. Took it back to att, they said I had to contact Apple.
Drive 4 hours to store, they say they can't fix in store and I have to call apple.
Called apple, they said I have to take it to store cause it doesn't show in their system.
Drive 4 hours to store, again. They verify the device and say yes it should be replaced, update the ticket and told me to call apple to get replacement.
Called apple, they say they will ship replacement phone. After 3 weeks, they email and say that I owe them for the replacement phone cause I never shipped the broke one back. I never got new one. Turns out they shipped it to the store instead of to me.
Drive 4 hours to Apple Store, again. Try to swap out phones, they shipped the wrong model of phone and can't do the swap. They sent phone back and tell me a new one will be shipped to my house.
After another two weeks, phone finally shows up and send the broke one back. Total time was about 6 weeks and 3 trips to Apple Store.
Me too :(
This was the St. Louis stores....so pretty big
They told me 6-8 weeks for a ip6 battery
But no 3D Touch 
That never happened
But they also have the third pick...get your new QB right away.
Thanks. That's a lot more money than I thought
Is there a guide for housing? I missed it all so have no clue.
How to get one, where they are, what they do, is it affordable at all?
To be fair, even they said fuck this guy.
Tom Brady's black?
The strength and conditioning team?
According to the post above, it dissolves in water...so eventually yes, it will have a bunch of tiny holes.
I pay $70 for 25 :(
Really depends on the station, I live 16 miles from a couple towers and can't get any of them.
I have a 16 gb 6 and I do fine with it. You just need to keep photos and videos in the cloud. I have everything I need on the phone and have about 2.5 gb  of free space left.
Crack or meth
I agree to disagree 
This dude has reset his like everyday, it's hilarious to watch. It never works for him, but I know other don't have problems so who knows. 
If you want the screen to be the same size but without the notch, you need a whole bar across the top and a bigger phone. I wouldn't buy it, but that's how you get rid of the notch and keep the screen size.
I was joking cause region looks like religion...stupid joke
Or make the phone 3 mm longer with a bigger battery?
How many people tried to click the stop screen recording button when it popped up?
It's weird, my Touch ID works 99% of the time. But all day I watch the guy in the desk across from me try to use face id, holding his phone up at all different angles and cussing, then using his passcode.
It really seems to vary and some people hate it.
I don't see what being Jewish or Catholic would have to do with the answer?
There was a post in the running sub other day about it. Guy had to tape them to get them to stay in, other people had no problems. So it depends on your ears, it's kind of an all or nothing thing with this style of headphones.
My plastic spork will probably outlast me and was $3
Yeah, they just told me 6-8 weeks and they can't guarantee a battery will be there because they will give them out to walk ins, they won't reserve them. First come first serve they said.
Confusion about who qualifies. Some stores only did phones under warrantee, some only did phones below 80%, some did it in store, some shipped them off. No batteries in stock, weeks of waiting, scheduling people appointments at stores that didn't have batteries.
They just didn't seem prepared for the event.
Walking dead sub is the same way
I think the outrage came from the fact that they weren't clear about it at first. They could have avoided it by poping up an alert that said "get your battery replaced". Instead they said nothing except some vague line about improved power management and then slowed down the phones. This caused a lot of people to assume it was the phone getting old and buy a new one, when they could have just replaced the battery.
All in all it wasnt as big an issue as it seems, but it was handled badly until it got really public. Now it's just trying to please the masses even though there is no right answer other than change the battery. Unfortunately they have made a mess of the battery replacements as well, so that's not helping.
Yep, and part of it is because this was their first shot at it. Hopefully they get better over the next couple versions. Some of the gestures are nice, some are really awkward and need improvement. 
I hope not. I like Touch ID and a physical button. It's all personal preference really.
It's so weird. I live in a decent sized city and we get nothing, on any of the streaming services.
TIL I'm a robot
Yeah, most major cities have deals now. The rest of us are screwed.
Except for most people Hulu live doesn't carry the network stations, so no football
Lack of choices 
Ok, I finally saw it. I thought you guys were full of shit but I saw it.
My little chain gym doesn't have any real weights but they have 2 smith machines. I watched a guy do squats in one of them...sort of. Ironically the 1/4 repping wasn't the biggest problem. His feet were about 2 feet out in front of him so he was leaning back against the smith machine and sliding up and down. Like some sort of weighted, 1/4 rep wall sit repetition.
He then went to the second smith machine and did upright rows...sort of. The range of movement and stiff arms made his rows more of a shrug with a bounce at the bottom. To top it off he then lowered the bar all the way down, stepped over it to grab the easy curl bar and knock out a set of full body curls.
He then left, leaving 3 sets of Dumbbells, a loaded curl bar and weights loaded on both smith machines.

Also, he did 1 set of 6 for each of these exercises total.
Never worked for me, the phone couldn't decide which Bluetooth to use. Either the cars for phone calls, map voice directions or the aux Bluetooth for music. So I could either have music or phone calls but not both. 
Plus if I take up a charger for the aux thing now I can't charge my phone.

Yes, there are workarounds with dongles and extra devices and extra cables. But why? There hasn't been a good reason given for the jack removal other than selling Bluetooth shit and dongles. Waterproof? Phones with jacks can be waterproof. Space? It was proven the jack still fits.
They did it just to sell shit, that's why people are mad.
Chat would be very difficult in VR, as well as using a keyboard
Still on 9.3, other than security there was no real reason to update. No new features for my old phone and a big risk of making it unusable. I don't do anything on it that would be a security risk so I'm taking my chances.
It's different technology
I'm hoping a revamp of the pet systems to make pet builds a little more fun. I mean actual controllable
pets rather than just a dot with a pet graphic. Actual skills for pets to use that you can train and select from, and control. 
Too tall
The defense usually lost in the lat minute because the offense did nothing the second half, and they were on the field for 30 min straight.
Who was that really small fast guy that flashed in the preseason last year but didn't make the team?
Guys like him should excel this year.
I hope not. I really prefer Touch ID to face id, it would be nice to have options.
It is. I worked at one of those bases and we were not allowed to bring any electronics to work. No phones, watches, iPods, anything. Everything stayed in the car, and they only allowed that cause the parking lots were visible to satellites so we couldn't really hide them.
Nice username. Plenty of good stories all over southern Indiana, really neat places.
Look at the big shot over here with a jacket.
Or through an enlisted to officer conversion program, they don't specifically require it but it's usually needed to get picked.
Case by case basis I think. I know people who got their GED while in.
He said free
Big building that smells like old paper , surrounded by homeless people.
I wouldn't choose to master are there but to each his own.
Most navy ships now use gas turbine engines, same ones as on a Boeing 737. So they use an aviation kerosine. 
I don't even have passbook, is that the wallet thing?
Toot toot....still there?
Where at? I like Morgan-Monroe but haven't really stayed anywhere else around there.
When guys do it, it's gay.
When girls do it, it's an innocent experience. Lightly hitting each other with pillows as their loose cotton night gowns flow around them, inching upwards to reveal smooth thighs. They continue laughing and playing until they collapse onto each other exhausted. Inches apart, their heaving breasts lightly graze each other through the thin fabric. Staring into each others eyes with lips slightly parted, gasping for air. Closer and closer they become until their full lips barely graze each other, holding each other closer with legs intertwined, slowly grinding their smooth, hard bodies to the rhythm of a song playing only for them. Their warm embrace blocks out the rest of the world as they only live for each other, disappearing into a void of heat, passion and fire. They cannot hold back and begin to lightly trace the taut skin on their necks while their lips barely touch, longing for more but terrified to either continue or stop. Passion overcomes them as they embrace, a fire that can only be quenched by the sweet release they will soon feel over and over as they succumb to their deepest desires.


Sorry, what were we talking about again? 
You mean cousins?
Amount of profit probably is though....
The real losers are the audience
Tricking is any word for prostitution so I thought you were going a totally different route.
And unfortunately doesn't exist outside of large cities.
Wrap it up boys, we're all done here.
Mine requires a cable login just to open the app, I don't see how they are going to get around that.
OTA is tricky. I don't get any channels so it's out for me, if you can get the channels you will get the regional games. Say you live in Indiana you can watch the colts games. Unless your within a certain distance and the game isn't sold out, then the game is blacked out from local markets. 
I live in a market with no team, so I get random games from all over. I never know what I would get if I could even get the channels.
The streaming services are a little better. Some add ESPN or red zone so you can see some games. But they won't show all of them cause they don't have the network channels to show them. Unless that streaming service has an agreement with your local station to show that channel in your area, then you'll get the same game as the OTA channel would show.
It's a cluster fuck. In about August you will see a big post go up in this sub about football and all the ways to see all the games. There isn't one service that will legally show you all the games, so you kind of have to pick the best option for you and settle. 
If you're a true fan and want to watch all the games, I would suggest not cutting the cord. If you want to watch your local team and can get OTA stations, then you're probably ok.
It's common knowledge that the species of aliens known as the "greys" invaded and took over another alien planet, using that species as slaves. They then turned to earth to harvest our resources. Instead of the hassle of taking over the planet, they made a deal with the existing government to exchange some mild tech for secrecy. They used their captured slaves to dig tunnels all over and harvest out our resources from under our noses. It all takes place in protected government land or under "logging contracts" so no one will look too close. But every once in a while, one of the slaves will escape the tunnels and make it to the surface. They are large, hair covered bipeds just trying to get by. They know they can't go back to the greys, and are unsure of the humans cause of the government so they roam the forests till their capture or death, occasional being the subject of a blurry photo by some hiker.
This was my first season after cutting the cord and I had nfl Sunday ticket before. It was hard, like I'm thinking of going back to direct tv hard. OTA channels are iffy  to impossible to get and then only show regional games. The nfls package lets you see all the games, the next day. None of the streaming services show the games, unless you get lucky enough to have one show your local channels, and then it's the same as OTA channels. I mostly did illegal streams and it was a real pain, the quality varies, they drop out, and the ads and malware is crazy. After a full season I still haven't been able to figure out a good way to watch football. I won't even be able to watch the super bowl next week.
Until I can afford a new car with Bluetooth audio, I won't get a phone without a jack
There is only one real way to get access to all the out of market games and it involves an eye patch and a peg leg. NFL does not want to play nice
In mine Comcast knows there are no other providers and if you call and threaten to cancel they will literally tell you, go ahead and find someone else....they suck
Bigger aquarium supply stores
2 chicks at the same time man
If he snapped it to me and I punted it back...it wouldn't reach him.
I've been working on a 1x1 for years now.
If your goal is lifting heavy weights, sure. But weightlifting is not the only path to fitness. There are many things you can do at a crappy little gym or with no gym at all.

Internet is a lot easier to get than OTA unfortunately.
I mean it sucks, but it is a free app. In general apps either charge or have adds. I'm actually surprised it's taken this long.
I use it every day to charge and listen while driving, my car doesn't have Bluetooth so I have to use the cable. 
The biggest reason people are mad about it is cause there was no reason to remove it. Phones have been waterproof with a jack before, it's been proven there is space, and people can still use all the Bluetooth stuff with the jack there. It was done to sell dongles and Bluetooth headphones.
Honestly didn't know about it and I'm not sure that was a thing then, it was like 3 and 5 years ago.
Phone support didn't say anything about it, just if iTunes wouldn't see it and it wouldn't power in, there was nothing they could do.
Actually yes, but I don't know why. I just use the smith machine to curl.
I've had two that started to do updates, rebooted and never turned back on. iTunes wouldn't even recognize them as a phone being plugged in, it's like they didn't exist.
True, didn't think of it that way. Good thing I'm not a gm or we would be the Browns 
Glad to see my payments are going somewhere
No barbells
Not sure exactly, I assume it's based on body weight. They ask that you come in for a "demonstration of skill"
Cool, mine has two smith machines but no bars or benches of any kind. But it's empty. We didn't even get any new people after New Years.
I think some are independently owned, maybe they can choose their setup?
I'm gonna sue you for talking bad about America 
Agree, unfortunately this isn't limited to planet fitness. A lot of gyms do it. I've read that most gyms make their money on the people that buy memberships and never come. I also think gyms should be half fitness half diet. Have dietitians on staff and teach classes on how to shop, how to cook, how to eat.
Yeah, they actually have an on demand video room where you just select videos to watch and they have all the equipment. Couple kettle bell workouts are good. Dumbbells also go up to 100 so there's plenty of workarounds.
Apple stops writing software and sells all iPhones that dual boot android and Windows.
If it all works out perfect we could trade back and still get chub. Just nobody screw it up for us...
It's my only real option. We have two other gyms, one is ridiculously overpriced, run by assholes and full of retards doing crossfit. The other is a serious lifting gym, but has weird hours and actual requirements for membership(must do certain classes and lifts, lift a certain amount. It's basically their legal way to be by invitation only).
But I mainly do cardio and body weight stuff and don't lift heavy, so Dumbbells and machines are fine for me. Not perfect, but it'll do. 
We had linebackers?
Snap fitness.
St. John's?
Snap fitness doesn't either
Different strokes for different folks. Are you gonna join the 1000 lb club at planet fitness, probably not. Could you get in shape and healthy with some cardio and machines/Dumbbells, absolutely. If your level of fitness is blown by one slice of pizza a month, you've probably got bigger issues to work out. Still better than not doing anything at all. Fitness isn't an all or nothing thing.
Probably smith machine
Mine doesn't 
Yep, I'm cheap. I'll hold my 3 year old 6 for another two years hopefully and then maybe move up to a 6s.
Looking forward to force touch in 2020!
True, I'm glad I don't have to play that game...but it's fun to watch.
Worst case scenario...
Browns take chub
Giants take Barkley
Value of our third pick drops because they know we aren't taking a QB and there are plenty good ones left.
And hey ward bay
I don't care what shoes you or anyone wears. But even if unintentionally, your statement implies that people that wear Nike's aren't runners.
If that wasn't the intent, then I apologize for misunderstanding. But judging if someone is or isn't a runner isn't up to anyone and especially not based on the shoes they choose.
There seems to be a large group of runners that like to judge when someone is a real runner based on speed, mileage, races, trophies, and a number of other things...we don't need to add shoe choice in.
Again, if that's not what you meant, great...but you can see how the statement of Nike's are for kids, other shoes are for runners could be seen that way.

It was obviously implied.
Also because Nike is one of the few that will make actual athletic shoes in kids sizes.
You messed up your feet because you wore the wrong shoes not because you wore Nike's. It's almost like people are different and not everything works for everyone.
So the countless marathon winners, Olympic champions, record holders and track stars that have won and set records in Nike's aren't runners?
They make shoes, some good and some bad, some might work for you, some might not. It's a personal choice for everyone and doesn't impact anyone else in the slightest way. Saying someone is not a runner because they wear Nike's is just stupid.
Good luck, last I checked it was 8-10 weeks to get a battery.
Hell, I've bricked two phones just doing regular Apple updates.
Chatham or Rochester 
Questions on light. Is light absorption cumulative? For instance, (numbers made up for simplicity) if a tree normally needs 2000 lumen 12 hours a day, would 1000 lumen 24 hours a day be the same?
Do trees need some darkness? Do they sleep?
I've got some tropicals inside staying alive till spring and they are doing ok in a south facing window, but just curious if adding a light at night would help. 
I grok what you mean.
I think his girl is
Wouldn't the magnets affect the credit cards In there?
I did! The fucking owner just made me clean it up and then feed the asshole!
RadioShack is still alive?
Agree, but I think the D needs a year or two to mature, especially if they change systems.
I got dominated at the gym today. Was doing push-ups in an out of the way area and just couldn't finish the last set. Collapsed flat on the floor. Another gym goer walked over, stepped on my back and kept walking! Went about 10 feet away, and then peed while staring me straight in the eyes. Then turned around and walked away without a word.

Disclaimer: was working out at home, other gym goer was my cat.
Delete Facebook, hit your ex girlfriend, lawyer up, lift in jail. 
Or something like that.
Try BBQ sauce...life changing 
Plot twist twist: you have three personalities and one of them is a beagle 
I agree that's what they say and what it's supposed to do. What I'm saying is it doesn't always work, Especially with the wifi.
0 until I tried a roof antenna, then I got 1. And I live in the Burbs of a decent size city with at least 3 channels towers within 15 miles. Just too much shut in the way I guess. Other  towers are 30 and 60 miles away so I can see not getting those.
Then it reconnects like 5 min later
Except when my wife and I both ride in the car, one of us has to turn off Bluetooth so the other can connect to the car. But you can't.
When I was in the military the base liqueur store carried a generic brand. Literally a white can with blue letters that said beer. $6.99 for a 30 pack. Tax free.
Cyberiegate 
What sup with the two tone fence?
I always equate Siri with copying someone else's code on your computer. If you copy it exactly and everything you have is set up exactly like everything they have, it will work great. Any minor variation in anything will crash it.
Wait, the car is going to drive me and fuck me? I love the future.
It just one spider dude...
And a lot of people are stupid and don't understand the issues, or politicians go out of their way to make every statement so confusing that nobody understands. So you vote for the party that you generally agree with.
This is so true, I bought the antenna that they said would get me like 16 channels. I got 0. Got a bigger antenna, still got 0. Finally got a big outdoor antenna on the roof, got 1 channel.
Tv fool was very inaccurate in my area. 
Teaspoon of this, pinch of that...throw in a gallon bucket with two stones of water.
We got a bObsweep for Christmas. It does a good job with pet hair and general cleaning, but the room tracking software kinda sucks. It misses a lot of spots and no matter where I start it at in the room, it drives straight to the same recliner and wedges itself under it.
Ours  will take pizza boxes but not paper, at all. It's a wind issue. They pick up at your house so people leave everything in this little plastic bin at the curb. But idiots would just throw paper in there and then sit  it out and the wind would blow it all over the neighborhood. So they stopped accepting it, and closed their drop off center.
Never seen a stray cat in the neighborhood...
You mean Applejuice?
97, I'm older than fuck
It's three hours away and they won't say if the have batteries in stock or not till you get there, so I'm not waisting my time until later in the year when they get more stock.
I'm like, how did he know the guy's name was redline, he's not OP? He can't even see the name through that big...red......oh...
You guys out west are so lucky, we don't have anything like this where I live in the Midwest.
Right after they announced.
No, they denied mine. Battery didn't fail there test so it wasn't eligible they said.
I bought the same thing, doesn't work. The phone sees both the cars Bluetooth for phone calls and the aux Bluetooth for music...wont connect to both properly for some reason. So either one works or the other , but not both. So I get music or phone calls.
9 more bucks and weeks/months of waiting
So, having it there doesn't hurt you. Removing it hurts other people. There is no reason to remove it other than to force people to buy dongles and Bluetooth headphones.
I have two cars less than 5 years old, neither have Bluetooth audio.
$10 vs $100 for something I know I'm going to lose eventually? I'll keep my regular headphones thanks.
I got some cheap audio recorders off amazon. Dictation stuff. Was like 12 bucks, weights almost nothing. Lasts for days on a single AA battery and records like 4 hours. I just record my thoughts as they happen, then write it out later if it's worth keeping.
So far the only one not working is, ironically, the App Store app. All of it works except the search function.
Well they do have a change slot?
I'm on 9.3 and starting to run across apps I can't get and some I have are starting to stop updating. So it looks like about 2-3 revisions
Remember...the guy they killed wasn't the gunman, just a plant to make white gun owners look bad. The real shooting was done by a private security force working for the clintons to further their agenda of gun control and getting republicans out of office.
Duh, how did you not make the connections?

Do I need the /s or are we cool?
Nothing feels like a nice ass fur coat.

Edit: apparently nobody got the joke. Ass-fur, fur from the ass. Cause the guy above me said ass faux fur... 
But think of the stripers!
They make great fire logs 
Prevent for the win!
And two involve getting wet
Power management improvements sounds good, slowing down phone sounds bad.
That's some basic pr lingo right there.
This reminds me of a cartoon on the Tracy ullman show.
A simple "your battery is shitty" notification could have avoided all of this.
There are plenty of phones with a removable battery and water resistance.
I was curling in the curl rack and some ass came over and kicked me out. Don't even know what exercise he was doing, didn't use his arms at all the pussy.
Half the posts on this sub are people complaining about bugs in 11.2.2
Seems like it would have been better to stay on 10, they seem to be introducing as many bugs as they are fixing.
wait, left? mine are in the notification center by swiping down? 
Might depend on the phone too. Mine closes all apps after a while, none stay open and logged in. It's an old 6 so maybe a battery/memory issue.
I'm at 38% right now after 4 hours of use and 8 hours of standby. iPhone 6 with two years old battery. 
Dude, you should let it go...
App closes and logs you out after inactivity, seems like maybe 30 min or so.
$1600 for 4bd/3ba 2500 sq ft on half an acre.
But you have to live in the corn fields of the Midwest.
Doesn't matter, I think the Browns take him.
I was think of ILB, but you right
Neither are any of our linebackers.
PFM of course.
Vegas 
No! Pick a side twat waffle!
Call me #8
In the ultimate reversal, McDaniels goes to the jags as co-coach and takes Brady and gronk with him. The jags win the next 13 superbowls except for 2020 which goes to the Browns coached by Pagano and his QB Scott Tolzien.
My six does this. Doesn't appear to be memory as it does it even if the phone is not in use. Seems anything left open over an hour or so needs to completely reload. 
Gotta save at least one easy fix for a big update, otherwise it doesn't look worth it to update.
Yeah, I watched a rabbit make these exact tracks in my yard this morning. Definitely a rabbit.
8 hours of sleeping in the couch...

Plus there's no way to get data out of that model so no cool maps or anything.
Part of the flat earth conspiracy I see...
huh, northern Illinois says coke(no matter what you want), southern Illinois says pop.
is there anywhere else?
Does anyone buy old GPS watches? I found an old Garmin 10 in my desk. I dont think I have a cable to charge it and its an older model so it doesnt sync up data to the web, but could still use it as just a watch. Didnt know if there was a website or something that bought this old stuff. Seems silly to just throw it away.
they extended him...12 hours to clear out his desk.
I like my story better, I say we go with it.
so did hey offer him an extension and he not take it, or did they offer then fire him...cause thats kind of fucked up.
I'm bored. Like with life. I feel like all I do is watch the kids, cook, clean and do laundry. I don't actually do anything or have anything to do, but I'm also not really interested in doing anything cause it would either cost time or money that I don't have.
There was just another post saying they parted ways?
On one leg!
From the bench to the rack putting other people's weights away.
Rams were playing 4d quarterback chess 8 years before the rest of us.
Dock, you mean the lift button to raise cats asshole to eye level ?
Cat is present in room = imminent attack
Cat is not in room = imminent surprise attack
Dear diary, sat on the toilet and looked at Reddit. Again. Still alone. (Tear stain).
Thought they were Cuban?
Unions and taxes and regulations.
Doesn't work at all for me. Phone calls go to the cars Bluetooth, music goes to the aux one. Neither will work while the other is on, so I have to pick which one. 
It's weird because it seems like there is no middle ground in yoga. I went to one class and it was all Jair standing with your legs spread and we touched the floor like once. I thought easy so I went to the next level class and they were doing shit like this. There was no bridge in between.
The favorites that make the IV drugs are mainly in Puerto Rico and have no power so are shit down.
Actually this one is cause a lot of these IV drugs are made in Puerto Rico and the factories don't have power.
Winter Olympics though, so no one would really care.
Extremely relevant username.
So like the opposite of the Vegas shooting?
Actually most people wouldn't be hit by the initial blast, so even just being Ina building or in a ditch would probably be enough to survive. It's the years of radiation and mutants that would probably get you.
Work at a hospital and had to go to the labor and delivery floor one day, it was freaking full. Every room and they had people waiting in the hallways to deliver. Me and my buddy jokingly said what was 9 months ago today. It was Valentine's Day.
We use office but in Citrix, so there almost no local installs and it doesn't matter what your of is. Best of both worlds.
Who cares what other consider a Runner watch, you do you. A lot of people have a hate for anything Apple or Nike for no reason.
Can we just skip it all and give them the trophy so the rest of can start on next season?
Hell, unless you work in a specialized field like IT or healthcare, almost everything can be web based so it doesn't matter what is you use to get to it.
Wife's phone 6. Was fine on 10, immediately after updating to 11 it starts to slow down. Apps take forever to open and crash. Phone shuts off at random battery levels, she gets about 2 hours of use out of it. Battery Tested in store at 81%, they said nothing they can do. The phone is operating as they expect but would be happy to sell us a new phone.
How? They wouldn't replace mine cause it didn't fail the test.
And ther ar like 50 different Samsung Galaxy phone models, from $50 to $900.
When it takes 20 seconds to open apps you don't really need to test anything, it's slower. And it's after 11, not 10 so apples battery excuse is bullshit.
Read the notes, it didn't say we are going to slow down your phone until you get the battery replaced. It said some bullshit about improved power management. Nobody knew what that meant until people started doing tests and discovered it recently. Otherwise this would have all blown up a year ago.
By who, Apple employees and fans. Had them for years and the customer service has been awful every time I have to deal with them. If there was another option I would take it. But like you said, Apple is the best of the pile of turds we have to choose from.
Your mileage may vary. I called, they said I had to go to the store. Went to store, they tested the phone and said the battery was fine. If I wanted to replace it they would do it, but not for the $29 special price. Regular price and they would have to send the phone off to do it, would be gone 4-6 weeks.
Would have been much simpler to provide the users a warning their battery needed replacing or a replaceable battery.
It's still alien blue, so it's been a while. But if you downgrade the OS, can't you reload the old app from your purchased list in the App Store.
Works for me on 9.3
Wait, you can finish?
No, just a yahoo channel. It has sports on it, but only some old hockey games. They didn't even stream the nfl games on their website, just the mobile app.
Never saw a kindle under $100
Oh my god! Their horses all drowned.
How? I assume a phone, but I've never found anything that would read the books aloud.
stream just died
he aint doing it for free based on all the ads i have to click through
Nah I have another email that I use for websites and accounts so all the junk mail goes there and not my real account. I use my computer for that shit, it's just easier. My phone is just a phone.
Plus, all my info was linked by equifax and target and Home Depot and the va and others, so ...its out there.
I know you should always keep up to date on security risks, but in this case I just don't think it's worth the downside so I'll take every other precaution I can.
Ehh... Apply pay doesn't work with my banks so I don't have any card info on the phone. The only passwords they would get would be gmail and Facebook. They could post some shit on my Reddit account, but that would be the worst that might happen. If I upgrade my phone will take a huge hit if it works at all after that. I'll stay on iOS 9.3 until all my apps stop working.
It's open, they just don't have any batteries so your going to have to wait.
I don't have any way to cast to my Roku so can't try it. I know when yahoo streamed the games last year you couldn't cat it to chrome cast. Must have fixed it.
yeah, this sucks today. guess it cant handle the load of being the only game on.
The att app has a widget that will show it. But in order for the widget to work you have to open the app, log in, then open the widget. It's kind of stupid.
I think they block casting.
There's a widgets page? We have widgets?
Only to mobile aps
That's cool, I get one crappy religion channel and a pbs that just airs their telethon nonstop.
Not always, basic cable here is at least$65 a month after all the fees and services.
Well fuck. Thanks
Cause if you don't, they won't. Then you've got a 22 year old uneducated unemployed person with 8 kids that you are supporting with you tax dollars.
I don't the I they are that big, just louder.
Same. My phone made one backup years ago that filled up iCloud storage, and now it won't delete or overwrite it so it won't make another backup and you can't get rid of that one.
Yeah, it's just glitchy and inconsistent. Saying "set an alarm for 6 am" will set he alarm but not turn it on. Trying to text anyone just gets a response if "I can't do that right now".
Calling is actually slower than just dialing the number. Have to unlock phone, push home button to open Siri, say "call bob", brings up a list of all bob's numbers to select one, then call. It's actually more steps than just opening the phone and doing it myself.
The one time it would be useful would be in the car, but it doesn't work if connected to the cars Bluetooth. The car shows it as a phone call to myself and mutes the radio like a phone call, but Siri doesn't talk or listen through the car so it just a sits there a minute and then shuts off.
I have never been able to get it to set an alarm or timer correctly and trying to call or text someone is a process about 20 times longer than just doing it myself. They only thing I can get Siri to do is get directions, it it gets the location correct about 50% of the time.
I don't think I've ever heard "Siri" and "works flawlessly" in the same sentence before.
Frankly it would be nice to see some emotion on the sideline after years of chucks blank stares and clapping. But, I understand that's not a coaches role.
So, all of them?
I still got it
USA 
I'm still on 9.3 and haven't run across any aps that don't work yet, you got some time.
Depends on the store though, they wanted to send mine off. Said 4-6 weeks to get it back.
But the AFC south sucks?
You've obviously never met a state employee
Bank says its on Apple, Apple says its on the bank.
They like they attention within the community. Your right, people that aren't in the community usually don't tell. Which is why you see the same people over and over. You can't look at all these you tube videos and blogs and tell me it's science or research or evidence, it's about likes and up votes.
My 6 is still on 9.3 and I will never touch it 
They told me they had to send the phone off for replacement, couldn't do it in store. Would take 4-6 weeks to get back.
Hell, Apple won't even take any of my cards yet. From two different major banks. Both of who are on their list of approved banks.
When you go to turn it on it pops up a warning that it will send connection information to your carrier for billing?
Actually my uncle rick has been breeding them in his pool for years. He's really pissed about this.
If you choke her long enough.
Big difference in watching on a 55" flatscreen and a 6" phone.
Car battery to the balls will get that passcode real quick.
I like how this comment is right below...
"That it's actually filled with decent people who care about one another and is not just a big evil cesspool. "
We just got an Arby's. Hot times baby 
Because they get hooked on the rush and attention so bad that they need it. So every little twig snap becomes a squatch. 
Cause the next one will have new emojis
Cool, thanks
He tracks your garmin
What else are you supposed to do with the phone?
You must be doing it wrong. Do you follow it by snacking at your desk all day and complaining about others?
Weird that you could see that. I can't see the text animations that came in iOS 10.
Went to indoor Waterpark over vacation and had a blast. Climbed the stairs with my son riding slides over and over. We decided to try another one and climbed to the top. I'm getting ready to get on and my son taps my arm and points to the sign. "Dad there's a weight limit" I say whatever and step in, then notice the lifeguard looking at me. He shakes his head no and points to the stairs. I make the walk of shame back down and see my son has already told my wife the story. She yells across the Waterpark "don't break the slide fat boy". We laugh. I cry. Time to hit the dreadmill.
It was a kids slide with a limit of 150lbs but it still hurts.
Me too. Went to my gym yesterday for the first time this year expecting crowds of new people. Nope, same five people grinding it out. I asked where is everyone, they said the crowd was here and already stopped showing up. 8 days has got to be a new record right?
Some friends are on a cleanse kick and got the Dr. Oz  bikini body cleanse. OJ, vinegar, honey and some other shit. They are supposed to drink it before each meal to prevent fat absorption. I totaled it up for them and they are consuming an extra 600 calories a day. They said it's ok cause it's a cleanse and erases itself. I wished them luck.
When's the wedding?
Dude just made me want to go to the gym, that's like 4D motivation.
If you do, get some pics. You know, for science.
Wait till you go to poop and can't get up without help.
The owner of my old gym used to sit around with his buddies and make fun of people. "Save some weights for the rest of us Hercules", "didn't know we opened a buffet in here".
I don't go to that gym anymore. He's going through a divorce, his chiropractic business is failing, and he's about to lose his gym and his $100,000 giant lifted truck. Karmas a bitch.
Just screw wooden blocks into the side of your house and go all spider monkey.
Third try every time 
I have many pics of deer staring right into my camera from inches away. They know they are there but just don't care.
And it's like a million times more secure 
Same reason sprinters are better at short distances than marathoners. They are trying for different things.
Since we are on the subject. What happens if you try to send one to someone who doesn't have an X or has an older version of iOS?
Both of them will be a bust, or one, or neither. Either way which ever one we don't pick will go on to have a long and great career.
I mean I'm not sneaking into his room and reading his diary, but yeah I monitor his snapchat and Internet usage. There are too many people out there trying to take advantage of kids. We have a great relationship and I trust him, but I need to keep him safe.
As a parent I insist on knowing all of my kids passwords to everything. If i come across something I can't get in, I stand there until they let me in. Unfortunately that's how I learned a horrible secret about my kid. I don't think I can ever love him the same knowing that...he...is a...Dolphins fan. 
I can't go on, it's just too hard.
Yeah I was joking. The first night of my honeymoon me and the wife were in bed in sweatpants by 9.
Why are you watching tv in your honeymoon? Your supposed to be...uh...doing something else 
So did we :(
Part of it was also due to play calling. When every play is a deep pass that takes 7 seconds to develop, you're gonna take some sacks. Hopefully a new coach and strategy improves that greatly.
Had the same issue
Not at some stores, they will only do it if it fails
Never had it, how is touching the screen different than touching the button?
No idea, still would be better than Aiken 
I thought the fixes come with about a 25% CPU hit?
Mine was good till the band fell apart
Took me about three years before it leveled off and I stopped seeing improvement around that age
To add on to this... Hills. Hills are easy speed work in disguise and as a bonus will prepare you to run hills.
Don't do loops, it will be too tempting to quit. I prefer to do long runs out and back so I know I have to finish the distance.
I did it and just added an extra rest day in the middle of each week. Still saw massive improvement and it only took like 4 days longer to do the whole program.
Wait, what?
Nah, end zone tosses to swoop. Did you know he used to play basketball?
Trust the blender
A review of every defensive stand this year...

1st and 10 - opponent rushes for 0 yards
2nd and 10 - opponent rushes for -3 yards
3rd and 13 - pass completed over the middle for 20 yards...first down


We live right on the border between two districts so one I'm out of district and have to pay. The other I'm in, but it's so small they don't have the tax base to do all the free stuff so they try and earn money other ways so they can stay open.
Not with that attitude
I have two I could go to. One is out of district and charges for a card. The price goes up the closer you live so it's like $30 a month for us. The other is free but is more of a coffee shop/gift store than library and almost everything costs there. Small towns just don't have the user base to get all the good stuff.
Not all libraries are free
We have very different dreams 
Oh I believe you, there is just a some massive inconsistency in the way different stores are handling it. Some you can walk in and get a new battery for $29 in 40 minutes. 0ne wanted to charge $129 and send the phone off for 4-6 weeks. Another wouldn't do it at all because it didn't pass their tests. I think they are leaving it up to individual people to decide how to handle it and that is bullshit.
You've never heard of the Edwards school for gifted whores?
There's not many good HC options right now and a lot of teams looking so he will go somewhere, but you're right. It's too early for him to be a head coach.
They will gate check to the large warehouse where all luggage goes to die.
I was told in the store they wouldn't replace mine cause it didn't fail their test. So yes, it does matter.
They have also stopped doing this in some stores so they want you to send your phone off to be fixed. Will take 4-6 weeks I was told. I thought nk it's just cause they know people won't do it.
My android phone wouldn't notify me of calls or texts while listening to music. I didn't like that
For some people the bar isn't a low weight
That's what marriage is all about
Yeah but he always skips leg day.
I thought the flat earth rested in the back of a turtle?
Wait till they find a way to make the foam break down by time as well as distance. 3 month/300 mile shoes, whichever comes first.
I've always wondered in these situations...is it the 5 starters only or backups too? Do TE's count in this scenario?
Yeah, everyone knows Cleveland is taking a QB with 1, and they know we won't take a QB at 3. So getting the 4 pick is probably a better option than trying to get the three from us.
Dorset?  Sorry
-13, -35 windchill here in Illinois.
Especially their own
Well, their customer support  people must be confused then
That's about all there is to do there so yeah.
Did this and my max went from 6 to 15 in four weeks. Then I stopped doing it and now my max is 2. It goes away fast if you don't do it.
Don't you mean spider season?
You paid $15 for four pens?
Time for the tankzene show?
I'm sure they will adjust and improve at halftime
It's a joke man, calm down. Just thought it was funny to read swimming tips while shoveling snow in my driveway.
Honestly, the thought of taking out my genitals in sub zero weather never crossed my mind.
Dude, it's -10f outside. Maybe give some skiing tips.
No, the 29 special I'd only if it meets their criteria. If it doesn't you still pay the regular price.
But you'll pay full price
In most places in the us this happens maybe once a year if ever. But yeah,the people that live up north should be used to it.
They wear out super fast on dry roads and the gas mileage is lower using them.
Sat in the dark and cried 
Hmmm...our Apple Store did not allow you to try any out first and you could not return them if they didn't fit. Only exchange or store credit.
I have people skills!
Depends on the store, my wife had one done in 40 minutes. Mine they shipped off and was gone for weeks.
They have to test it and it needs to meet their requirement for replacement. No real idea what that specifically is though.
No, I just called and unless your battery meets their criteria of failure, they won't replace it.
And also people who don't want to spend half their life dicking with a phone. I just want to order pizza and see some titties, doesn't need to be complicated.
I've replaced batteries way more times than I've dropped my phone in water. But it's possible to do both. But then they wouldn't make as much money so screw it...
Or instead of slowing down people's phones without telling them why in a clear way which caused them to think they need a new  phone they could just pop up an alert that says
" the battery in your phone needs replaced and you will notice slowness on your device until you replace it. Please visit your nearest Apple Store."
You just need courage...or not...I'm not sure anymore
The best kind of correct
At least 20 years?
Don't leave us hanging, how nice was the butt?
I was squating once and was warming up with just the bar. The owner of the gym with two of his trainer lackies in tow walked by, he shouted loud enough for the whole gym to hear..."save some weights for the rest of us Hercules". Then as he was walking off, he mumbled something about members like that pay for his truck payments.
I don't go to that gym anymore, and karma hit and he wrecked his truck. People are assholes.
That can't be it. Got to be some kind of pill or secret tape, maybe your metabolism is stronger?
Look at this guy with the positive temps...
Check with Comcast first, you usually get a discount on your bill for having more than one service. If you cancel phone, they may raise your internet bill. It may be cheaper to keep the phone depending on your plan.
Do you have to do all three dungeons for 1 key or is it 1 key per dungeon you do?
I think the guy has seen some stuff and may have some legit evidence. But he has faked it in the past and that just throws out all credibility. Every time I see something good from him I don't think he found something real, I think he just got better at faking stuff.
No, that can't be it
I glanced through, saw undertaker, and expects a hell in the cell reference.
But a fountain pen doesn't slice your face off while your practicing.
Being vegan sounds like a torture camp
The saddest part is the rest of us reading an Internet fight over make believe lizard people.
I was drunk and dancing there today, so it's kind of a party
I see it the opposite. Apps that are nothing more than a web wrapper are lazy. Apps should be part of the phone so they can take use of all it has to offer. The problem is developers have gotten lazy and users have just accepted it.
He will have team mates that weren't alive when he joined the nfl.
Nah, I'd rather have my old phone still work than see new little faces
Weird, it's a question mark, a tan box, some symbol and an x
I just can't get into them, the comic format is just too off putting for me. I would probably read it if it was just a regular book, I just can't get into comics.
It's usually accompanied by some f bombs though 
None of them are good reasons though
My six is still on 9.3 and runs like new.
I've never even seen anyone talk or chat in this game, thought that was guild only.
Me too
What are you up to?
Don't worry, chuck heard you and has something special planned for the second half.
They do the sex
I prefer a nice layer of blubber
Somebody was popular with the football team
Best to stay safe on the couch!
Except it's fucking cold outside
I prefer the minivan...1 in the front, four in the back.
I have a similar pc and it wouldn't run it cause the integrated graphics cards are not direct x 10 compliant. You can update to direct x 10 but it actually scales it back.
I am the keymaster are you the gatekeeper?
Odds are 1:1,000,000,000,000

Oh, so I have a chance!
My kids can't even do that.
Hope you put on sunscreen 
It's partly because times are so different for individuals and everyone is different. Based on a blind Internet look of your time I have nothing to go on. If you're a 45 year old woman with 3 kids and a full time job, I'm fucking impressed. Are you a male college runner, ehhh not so much.
No more comments...he ded
Not the new seasons 
Worked for religion
Plastic could be reused or recycled. Wooden one killed a tree.
We still do this. Family video has like 6 stores in my town and building more. It's great for renting video games to try them before you buy them, $3.95 for 5 nights and I can beat some games without having to buy it.
You dropped  \
Worked out for a couple weeks straight then my boss changed my schedule and I missed a week or two. Then the wife's schedule changed and I couldn't go. Then I had dental surgery and couldn't go. Now the first time I'll be able to go back is right after Jan 1st, so it will look like I'm one of those new year new me people.i swear I was here before!
Maybe I'll just wait till February.
Dildo
But can I fuck it?
Me too, but I only get about 6 cause fuck me
I didn't pay $1000 for my surface, I'm damn sure not going to pay that for a smaller, less capable version of it.
Sorry, read the title as boner and thought wow there is an app for everything.
And there are some dog man stories in Michigan and Illinois going back to the 70's and earlier. Long before the recent internet popularity. Im sure a lot of the newer ones are fake or misidentification, but that doesn't explain the older ones.
I got a guy here in Illinois that swears he had one around his place for weeks in the 70's and saw it a few times, then it just disappeared.
I've found using Siri is a lot like using the command line to do things on a computer. Sure you can do a lot of stuff, but you have to know the exact command to enter, and your phone has to be set up in the exact way it wants... Or all you get is crap back.
Not gay underway
This is probably more important than most of these YouTube squatches realize.
Still don't get it, it tastes like burnt bitter dirt.
Same. Why do they come in different colors? 
Watched the challenger blow up on live tv with my second grade class.
Not really, it's all personal preference and there are many more android users than iPhone. But if you need to bash a system to feel better about yourself, go for it.
I don't think you understand Google. I suggest you google it.
Having some kind of sixth sense to detect electronics is probably bullshit. But an intelligent animal that lives in an area and is aware of its surroundings would recognize these devices as out of place. They have probably watched hunters place trail cameras and know to associate those with guns or at least with people. So yeah, I think they can detect electronics just because they know they don't belong there.
Plus the aliens have probably shown them all that stuff during the trip over from their home plant.
Or at least not make them float 2 feet out to your sides.
Yeah but can you ride your electric wheelchair to Walmart and pick up deep fried twinkies, a shotgun and a diesel powered dildo?
I didn't think so...M'erica!
Also confirmed.
 Source: I got to third base with a nurse once.
Drugs are bad, m'kay
I second the motion
And it begins...
4'11" soccer player from Brazil 
Taco fox is a cool name though
"Run the fake punt...yeah, right now...riggo, throw it instead of punting to throw off the defense...yeah, on this next play"
Calm down man, it's a joke. Of course his school work comes first.
Supposedly the kids never existed. The parents are making it up and all the pictures are just if other random kids. It makes no sense to anyone with half a brain.
He normally gets straight a's which is why this is a big deal. He does his homework with me from 5-7, then he can play  till 9 if he has it all done. Apparently something has tripped him up in the last week so we will take some time to get it right.
As far as my gaming time...I've had the game since last Christmas and my highest character is level 27, so I'm not exactly cranking out the hours.
I just thought the timing was ironic.
I am the senate!
According to them we should get about 20 channels, vhf and uhf. The antenna was supposed to pick up both, but we get nothing. People suggested an amplifier or roof mounting it, but I don't want to put the money in just to try.
I had a $50 antenna and couldn't get jack shit 😒
I've seen this and I'm still on 9.3
I didn't tell them not to, I asked if they should and they said no. I work in IT, was just there fixing a pc.
She was high as a kite for days.
A true researcher gets a dna sample anyway he can.
58008
Worked in the ER when a lady ran in screaming that her husband was dead in the car. Staff walked out to see, I asked if they should hurry and they said no because people exaggerate those things. Turns out dude was dead. Based on the smell and bloating, had been for 3 or 4 days. She was a junkie and was living in the car huh for days before she noticed he had od'd.
Is napping a sport?
I got it on my microwave for Christmas.
It's the opposite for me, lifting is so demoralizing. It's always about failure. Set of 12, nope didn't get all those. Add 5 lbs, nope can't lift that. Even with the successes it just leads immediately to another failure. I have a really hard time sticking with it for more than a few weeks without getting really depressed.
Who cuts during the fattening season?
Or just pay off the phone, keep using it and save money. There's nothing wrong with a one year old phone.
More than two days requires a Drs note, from the company dr.
Dammit, I specifically made a bow wielding dingus.
Our water is so hard it clogged up the filters real fast.
Huh, I've never tried but I've heard here that they basically kick anyone under control 160
Won't you get kicked for trying to run a dungeon at level 30?
Lots of places have really bad tap water that people won't drink. Mainly due to taste
Or dig the well?
You're not paying for shitty pasta, you're paying for someone to cook and clean for you. Sometimes that's worth it. Plus my wife likes pumpkin cheesecake and cheap white wine makes her horny.
Bought p90x and it didn't do a thing, shit sucks. I spent hours on the couch eating popcorn and watching those videos...nothing.
They are better 
Until you live someplace with shitty water.
Just buy cheap hats and unravel them, then knit a new hat.
At least my sister didn't kill herself.
Some?
Have a lab dachshund mix. Looks like a dachshund wearing a lab costume. He also eats trees, but only up to about 9" off the ground.
Staring at something off in the distance we can't see
Humans are the top predator on the planet and primates.
We have sick days and vacation days. But if I call in sick, the first day comes out of my vacation days and then starts using sick days. I also have to take a whole day even if I just need a little time off. I never get sick let alone for more than a day so I have weeks of sick time saved up I can never use.
So I had a 5 min dr appointment to get a flu shot. Had to take the whole day off out of my vacation days, then I took the next day off cause it came out of sick days, so a free day off. And cause fuck them.
All their policy does is encourage everyone to take 2 days off to get back at them.
I think most people are upset because they had barely been calling any penalties all game, especially ones based on yardage. They were very loose wth giving good spots to both teams because they just couldn't tell in most cases.
But in this case, all the sudden they start.
Seems inconsistent with the way the rest of the game was officiated.
Plus can you imagine trying to download that firmware update from the Internet? 
Colorado has more than one type of high...TIL
A lot of it is because it took over a minute for them to throw the flag after the play was over. Really seems like someone was telling them to do it.
Talking is ridiculously hard on consoles if you aren't set up for it. I've played for almost a year and never talked to anyone. 
Yeah we don't have that here. We have the little portable walls they take to fairs and stuff, but that is $10 a climb and only for kids.
Worked in hospital design and construction, 10% of the chairs in a waiting room had to be bariatric.
Also fun fact... We had to replace all the toilets with special ones that would hold 1000 lbs because the old ones only held 400lbs and they were breaking.
Cool, never knew that was a thing
Just curios, how do you do rock climbing? Like find a mountain every week to climb?
Amazing, nice job
No good in the summer
So did you get her number?
Get paid to lift, I'm in
I've noticed that sometimes if you look after the game has started its not on the main screen. Don't know exactly when they take it down.
Based on everyone's recommendations you should make a warden. You can respec and be a tank or healer and decide which you like without leveling a second character.
Cause that would have proved it was nothing, better to put on a show for you tube clicks.