Pardiola!
Nope, you're definitely wrong.  AMD handles the manufacturing just like they do in Vega M part. Which isn't a ready made part it's a semi custom. With special hooks to let Intel control the Turbo for instance.

If Sony was handling the manufacturing why are we talking about low margins?

Because Sony isn't involved. It's a turnkey solution. AMD buys custom semi wafers from the Fab and delivers it to Sony. That's why the low margins.

If Sony was handling manufacturing than margins would be on them.
I wasn't much of a believer in VR until I heard people are buying it for porn. Internet adoption was spurred by porn. I don't own a VR headser yet.

Also people I know who own VR headsets still use them a year after buying them.. so it may not be just a fad. This time around.

Tablets existed in the 90s but wasn't until apple made iPad that they really took off.
Thatic squeeze which happened about 2 years ago was glorious. AMD broke it's own record for the biggest gain in one day. It was like 57%  or something like that. And it kept going for days.
Your points are all debatable. Custom semi have hefty upfront charges as well. Also we know that the partnership with Sony and Microsoft isn't just one way. 

For better or worse many of the features we find in AMD's GPUs are directly born from this partnership. Mantle -> DX12, Vulkan for instance come from these efforts. Async Compute and Intrinsic Shaders do as well.

Big volumes from a fab partner could also help lower other fab costs as it's a bargaining chip. For example AMD may say to TSMC if you don't give us such and such price for Vega 7nm we will take our console business to Samsung or GloFo.. Consoles are a huge order for these fabs.

At the end of the day what does it matter? AMD is a fabless manufacturer. It costs them nothing to have this business. They do make a nice chunk of change doing it, and there are other perks to being in this business. 

The only negative I can see are low margins on the financial reports but those who can't be bothered to understand why consoles have low margins really shouldn't be in the business of analyzing such data.
That's really cool.
I like the guy, really do. But I wouldn't want him in Roma. He's a liability, and I don't think he's that great of a player. He once had amazing potential but it never materialized. 
I am going to miss their funky looking away kits, with fluorescent shorts and socks.
One of my favorite things about Dzeko's goals is that they usually don't have this long build up. They just sort of happen instantly, out of nowhere. It always makes me laugh for the other team for some reason because they always have funny expressions when it happens.
I am not convinced, it's just more layers of silicon. Existing CPUs are already 11 layers.
Trump was a test for the right to show their true patriotism and they failed on all counts. They are big phonies, both when it comes to being patriotic and when it comes to being the party of **values**.
oops, confused the names, I meant Brozovic
The same game. I said it in the match thread when it happened and a lot of people agreed with me: https://np.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/8flnuj/match_thread_internazionale_vs_juventus_derby/dy4o93w/
Hold our beer r/soccer
Except Brozovic ran into Pjanic not the other way around.
Lol Juventus what is you doing? Inter with a man down comes back from a goal down.
Higuain is such an overrated striker.
That wasn't a foul by Pjanic. Brozovic clearly ran into him. Good call by ref.
I donated a few euros. I figure I share here for those who want to contribute.

ps. sorry if it's against sub rules.. I think this situation deserves an exception.
He's not wrong. And I love how blunt he is.
Gotta love VAR.
haha, AMD are amazing but that was a typo. ~~intel~~ inter
I am not going to be thrilled to be honest, but Juventus not winning again will be sweeter.
Inter playing away in their own stadium with this ref.
Yeah I agree.. we won't be doing it for Napoli per se, we need points, but if we win we might help Napoli win.. and we will be trying hard for a win.
It's all those small calls that add up.
That was a clear foul not called. On Sandro.
What do you mean? We play them at home, and we need points. Of course it will be a bitter battle.
That wasn't really a foul. He didn't even touch him.
We need points too.. we're in a bitter battle for a CL spot. Can't let Lazio finish above us now can we?
We'll be trying.
So much for Inter doing Napoli a solid. Everything must fall on us.
Spectre is also the name for a recent CPU vulnerability.

edit: lol down-voted for explaining OP's comment.
One of the easiest penalty calls to make. It's not even a question.
Bossing Chievo with a man down..
What a goal by Dzeko!!! hot damn
<3 Allisson.. man this guy..
They were also resting their players. This time Salah played full 90 and they have no depth in the middle, with Ox being injured.
True. But we've also struggled to score. And it's tempting to score those away goals in CL because they are worth their weight in gold. EDF's formation in Liverpool was ballsy. I can see why he chose it. We did amazingly with it against Barcelona. But a few things back fired.

First 30 minutes it was working pretty well. We had some great chances and we even hit the cross bar. We were slowing down the game to our tempo and frustrating Liverpool.

But then the referee just stopped calling fouls. And let the game go on. Probably the effect of the crowd at Anfield. This denied us the ability to control the tempo of the game and as a result our players were often caught in wrong positions. 

Also it didn't help that Chengiz was outmatched physically. He was pushed off the ball too easily. He's still young needs to work on his strength. 

We were supposed to control the tempo and have possession but those two things contributed to Liverpool just overrunning us and the 3 man defense couldn't cope.


Support striker on the right wing. I agree, he's been great these last few games.
Meanwhile in other news Liverpool struggled to beat Stoke at home who are fighting relegation. 0-0
lol cheeky goal by Dzeko there.. we needed this.
That blonde in the stands.. the cameraman keeps showing her, heh.
Thanks!
How long is Perotti out on injury for?
I think that's been a theme for us for the past couple of seasons. We've hit woodwork so many times.
That was a great team effort. El Sha hits the post!
That yellow was harsh on Kolarov I think. 
Soccerway shows correct formation, it is 4-3-3: https://i.imgur.com/XThTGWe.png
Your memory is slanted. I owned Athlon's in those years and I had no issues with chipsets. VIA chipsets did have issues in K6-3 days but by the time Athlon K7 came out those were ironed out. People have nothing but fond memories of Athlon K7 Thunderbird in particular.. that thing ran circles around Intel.

Now you're talking about a short period once K7 was already long in the tooth, right before Athlon 64 (Hammer) came out.

Intel had created P4 netburst which traded IPC for clocks, and clocks were no longer a viable way to compare performance. This is why AMD introduced PR, Performance Rating. Review outlets all agreed with it, which is why your post shows blatant bias.

Pentium 4 was answered with Hammer, which was so superior to Intel, Intel had to bribe all the major OEMs to keep it from selling. Something they got convicted of on multiple continents.
This couldn't be further from the truth. Athlon was quite competitive. In fact back then the IPC between Pentium III and Athlon was quite similar and AMD was the first company to break the 1Ghz barrier in clocks. So they often had faster CPUs.

Athlon 64 completely wiped the floor with anything Intel had at the time too. It was the first consumer desktop 64bit CPU. Learn your computing history.
Makes you feel like you're supporting a good cause. Intel and Nvidia are monopolies, both of which have questionable business ethics. AMD is a risky investment though, but it also has tons of upside. 

They are an underdog in a huge $75B TAM. Current leadership has also been executing quite well, and there is a sense that the company is staging a huge come back. The likes we haven't seen since Apple in the 90s.

With that said.. the market is set in its ways. AMD is often regarded as a failure by those not up to date. And changing ideas can be quite frustrating. This is often reflected on the price and how the market interprets news about the company. Although there is evidence that this is finally changing. They can only ignore factual numbers for so long.

So to conclude. The only benefit of owning shares of this company from day to day is really the idea that you're invested in a company that's trying to change the world. No dividends or any other perks.
I'd say there is a strong possibility. This is right up AMD's alley. 
Nitero was working on the high speed 60Ghz short range wireless technology: https://www.forbes.com/sites/patrickmoorhead/2017/04/10/amd-acquires-ip-and-engineering-team-from-nitero-maker-of-60-ghz-wireless-chips-for-vrar/#410419ba106c
cool
A two finger slap on the cheek would have done it. Harmless and devastating. The guy is so much bigger than the kid.
Amazing footballer too.
That's not a minor change. Corners and long throws are pretty important aspect of the game that this would prevent. Also it would be impossible to enforce the offside rule.
Now he's learning that all the dirty money may not be as valuable as he initially thought.
Bend over

Edit: sorry couldn't resist, RAM prices are ridiculous.
Not really. They would have to be clocked lower but dies would be conducting heat for each other. HBM2 on Vega is clocked pretty high and it gets quite toasty, but it's cooled no different than a single stack.
I would be formatting and installing Linux on this puppy.
> so they were always 2 years behind copying intel

Careful. AMD stopped copying Intel back in 386 days (early 90s). Since then AMD has not copied Intel. The CPUs have pretty much always been AMD's own designs, except for some aquisitions influencing designs this has never changed.

Even when it comes to fabs, when AMD owned their own fabs they used a different manufacturing process and even materials employed were also different.

I think the person you're responding to is asking about K7's clock lead. Since AMD was the first one to break the Ghz barrier. 

So it is not true to say that Intel always had a clocks lead either.

But you are correct in stating that Intel has always had a fab advantage. Clocks are determined not only by the fab process but also the design and architecture of the processor. Turns out K7 was a beast for its time in both clocks and the architecture.

7nm TSMC might be the first time in history that AMD will actually be the first to mass produce with a better node. Up until this point they were always at a process disadvantage and they had to overcome the differences in a superior architecture. Now that the playing field is level, it will be interesting to see how AMD's lead extends over Intel.
Truly aww... so cute.
Likewise! Oh, I won't hold back when we disagree :) 
Lisa said revenue: https://youtu.be/GIab3ZJz2Ec?t=172

But in this case revenue and purchases is interchangeable because ASPs are very similar between CPUs and GPUs.
Like I wrote your comment. I agree with every word!
I understand. Everyone understands what Intel is. They don't call it Chipzilla for no reason. They have mountains of cash. But their leadership is not safe is what I am saying. There are much higher expectations for Brian than Lisa.

Also it is not unheard of for giant incumbents to lose their footing in a market. It's happened before. In this industry itself IBM and PCs. Those who don't innovate become extinct. And AMD is innovating.
Marcelo makes it look easy is what I am saying. Some players have a knack of making stuff look easy. 
> Compared to that Intel will have it super easy. They have money in the bank and remain profitable.

Intel also has higher expectations. I think once the board realizes how badly Intel has stagnated and in so doing left a door wide open for AMD to exploit.. the heads will roll. Once heads start rolling there is no telling what will happen.
> But Lazio have the better goal difference while in in 4th place. 

Goal difference doesn't decide it in that case though. In Serie A is head to head score, in which we have a lead.
Yup he's confirmed a few things in this interview that can be used against him.
I have also English is the fourth language I speak. So go fuck yourself.
How did I overestimate India. I said no one probably watches or knows Italian league there.
Yeah Zen2 3700X might be like a 12 core CPU as well. Zen2 based Threadripper could be 24 cores by the same token. It would be cool because that would mean laptops could get Raven Ridge type APU based on Zen2 with 6 cores.
You have to understand the context. 

Take rx580.. it's a 232mm^2 die.. MSRP $300.. but a GPU includes memory, PCB, VRMs all the other stuff. And to top it all off AIBs have to get their cut. So really AMD is making much less money on an rx580 than they do on a Ryzen CPU.

Ryzen CPU: $192mm^2.. is much smaller than Polaris, has much better yields because you can get much more SKUs out of each die (8 cores, 6 cores, and quad cores), does not require anything else to accompany it other than a stock cooler. And AMD sells it directly.

AMD might have to sell 2 or 3 Polaris GPUs to make the same money they make from one Ryzen CPU. And Ryzen dies are smaller.

Also consider this. Vega is a low volume product compared to other products in AMD's portfolio. It requires sophisticated production machines to be made (due to HBM2 stacking). So the volumes are already low on it. Also due to a huge die the yields are lower as well. And Apple needs a lot of them. AMD is going to make sure Apple gets their Vegas first, because these contracts often have penalties and stringent delivery terms. So maybe something like 80% of all Vegas made go to Apple.

When you add everything up.. it's really not hard to understand why "crypto" could be just 10% of AMD's total revenue.  
Large companies can easily become too set in their own ways. Small companies have agility, and can do crazy and ballsy things. Threadripper for instance was a small team skunk works project at AMD no one even knew about. It was called `Raven Ridge P3`. And it ended up being one of AMD's most successful products they launched in a long time. I know my next build will be a Threadripper.
lol I stand corrected
Atletico Madrid played with a man down from like a 20th minute too.. 
Sure not many people are following the league. But I am sure tons of people know of the Italian football league and some of the top clubs in it.

I wouldn't be surprised if 100M in China alone have heard of teams from Milan and Juventus. 

Africa has 1.2 billion people. And I bet you ask a random kid in half the countries in Africa about Juventus.. they will know. 

North America and India are probably the only two high population areas on the planet where you wouldn't get many people who know.
Overclocking 2700x is pointless. You can save the money on getting a good cooler and just invest in fast RAM.. which has actually shown quite an uplift in gaming performance on Ryzen. With fast RAM I would be surprised if you would be able to even tell a difference.

Also more and more games are better threaded, and I expect Ryzen's superiority in multi-threaded performance will continue to play a part. It's only to be expected since the entire industry is moving this direction including Intel. 

The days of quad cores are long gone.
I think more than 10% of the world population know of Serie A. Probably even 40%. 
Such a shame, that people can't feel safe watching "the beautiful" game because of these imbeciles. This is why we can't have nice things. Because idiots ruin it for everyone else.
likely story, also a crypto miner is very likely to shill for the brand he owns, particularly now because you're trying to offload your GPUs. Much more likely than someone who owns bunch of stocks as part of their retirenment plan.
lol.. hypocrite. What about your main account? I am using my main account, let's hear about yours. I noticed you posting in /r/amishadowbanned no new user posts there, so what is it?
But you're a cryptominer no? How many GPUs do you own? Also what's your main account?
Ok then. Let's here your full disclosure. Redditor for 1 month and 10 days. 
Full disclosure of what? That I own stocks? I own Intel and Nvidia too. Should I post that every time I mention any of these companies. Guess what I also own Apple.. should I write that too each time I post?

Like I said I am clearly not trying to hide anything. If I were I would be using an alt. Feel free to peruse my entire posting history.. you'll find me owning Nvidia and Intel stock gear and recommending their products as well.
I hold shares in many companies, it's called an IRA. And how is it shilling posting facts? Well sourced facts all of them. I've been a poster here for over 10 years on the same account. 

If I were shilling I'd be using a smurf and would be posting falsehoods and having an agenda. Which I think you might have.
You're the only person in the world who don't believe this claim. It's like arguing with someone who thinks the earth if flat. These were die shots released by AMD and Intel themselves. Disclosed and described by the actual people who worked on these chips on engineering conferences. 

Some random dude on reddit doesn't believe it though? too bad. Stay ignorant my friend.
I have. Skylake is a quad core. We know really well what's what on it: https://www.techpowerup.com/img/15-08-18/77a.jpg

And this is a Zen core in a Ryzen:

https://www.pcper.com/files/news/2017-02-24/AMD%20Ryzen%20Die%20Shot_six%20core.jpg
No.. no AMD's PR involved. These are tech conferences. I go to those, I don't need a PR person with me when I talk to people there. Also this was in a white paper written by engineers. These never have advertising BS in them.
You're wasting my time. Skylake and Coffee Lake are same architectures (they are Ticks). Also it's not AMD marketing it's AMD engineers. From an engineering conference. Have a nice day.
I clarified.. those are quad core complexes. so divide by 4. I am not projecting. You have no clue.
Zen core x4 is 44mm^2, Coffee Lake core x4 is 49mm^2. I can't believe how poorly informed readers of r/hardware are. Every person who's responded to my one comment is demonstrably wrong including yourself. Ryzen may have a lot of uncore.. but I am not talking about uncore, we're talking about cores here.

Source: https://techreport.com/news/31402/amd-touts-zen-die-size-advantage-at-isscc

And by the way Intel's 14nm process is denser than AMD's so the core would be even smaller on the same process for AMD. Also pretty sure you're confusing Polaris die size with Summit Ridge which is rated at: 192mm^2. Pretty sure you're also comparing a quad core to an octacore. Like how many mistakes can a person make in one post...?

Read my other posts as to why you are wrong on other points. I am tired of arguing with folks who are clearly not informed.
> a lot less finesse IMO

actually no this takes just as much if not more. Because it's all in the timing. He times his foot at the same time as the ball drops.. a split second sooner, he kicks the ball the ball bounces to the opposing player.. a second two late the ball has hit the ground and is already levitating which again causes the ball to not get trapped.

This is a different move but just as challenging.
lol.. I bet if you tried that the ball would bounce of you half the field.
Not only that. In a hostile stadium, with millions watching, after having ran or sprinted about a dozen of kilometers. Champions League semi finals.. all these guys are super human.
Yes, you guessed the names correctly.
https://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=9SIA5EM7856407&cm_re=epyc_motherboard-_-9SIA5EM7856407-_-Product
Ad hominem, where? 

You are wrong, as I proved with my link. If you call 1% better than I guess it's better by 1%. But it costs more, and Ryzen completely wipes the floor with it in multithreaded benchmarks. I guess 1% is worth losing multithreaded by like 20%-30%.
What PCs with RGB lights? Did I miss a post on r/hardware with a PC with RGB lights?
Is everyone in this sub as poorly informed as you? I find this shocking to be honest. 

Serious question what do you guys do on this sub? You literally don't know that there is barely no difference between AMD and Intel in gaming other than in 1080p tests?

VR is much higher resolution than 1080p as well, obviously.

https://www.techpowerup.com/reviews/AMD/Ryzen_7_2700X/20.html
It is not a better choice though. It might be better for a niche use case where you are playing on a 1080p monitor with a 1080ti GPU. For every other use Ryzen gives you much better perf/dollar.
how is that relevant. Is this r/gaming or r/hardware?
Not sure why we are even arguing over this. None of these people understand CPUs. We're talking about who has a better CPU architecture. Right now that's AMD for anyone who's a power user, or runs infrastructure.. you know people like Amazon AWS, Google, Azure.. etc. 
> You think the average person cares more about GCC than synthetic/gaming/daily usage tests?

The average gamer no. The average person evaluating CPUs for any other use. Yes.
It's not cherry picking. It's a huge issue across any kernel syscall heavy workload. That's just one example of it. It's also not a synthetic tests or just one feature. It's a real world workload.

Simply put Intel chips are broken. There isn't even a dispute as to who has the current best architecture.
Yes look at the performance post Meltdown and Spectre. It's really easy to understand. https://i.imgur.com/VC48HEm.png
Those are absolutes based on bunch of synthetics. I showed you that in his own tests when it comes to real world performance Intel is actually vastly behind in many of important real world workloads.
Funny thing is I initially wrote that comment as I thought the person was a guy at first. But then changed it to a female. Well shit. Thanks for the correction though.
You can cherry pick stuff Intel does better, and I am not arguing any of that with you. Yes Intel certainly does some things better. But overall as an architecture Zen is a much more sound design. Meltdown has shown that. 
Actually that link gives Ryzen a huge IPC advantage over Intel. Stilt's own words:

> The penalty is indeed massive as previously Kaby Lake was > 21% faster in GCC at the same clock, compared to Summit Ridge.

Next time read your own sources. https://i.imgur.com/VC48HEm.png

lol
You are clearly misinformed.
You are misinformed. The IPC difference is at worst 3% off. They are pretty much margin of error: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=doGp5LI6igg

Most of Intel's single threaded advantage comes from clocks.
On which planet are you on?

Smaller cores, IPC is about on par, floating point performance is less by design, as I said cores are smaller. 

Meltdown penalty is huge. Like 20-30% in many workloads. Not in games, but most CPU consumers don't actually care about gaming.
I can see why Chelsea didn't want him though. He had huge potential, but his issue was decision making in front of a goal. Sort of like Gervinho. It was really only in the 2nd half of the season with us that he improved this aspect of his game that was really frustrating. Not sure whether it was Spaletti or the guys at Roma that helped him, but it really did feel like playing at Roma helped him tremendously.
How can she slap?
Wait he stepped on his ankle like that having been booked already? What a moron. Good call by the ref. Sucks for Atletico to go man down that early in the game, but they got no one to blame but their own team mate for it.
They really don't. They have a more mature process which gives them an advantage in clocks. But Zen is actually a better architecture. IPC is on par for the most part, but SMT is much better on AMD.. and AMD doesn't suffer from huge post Meltdown penalty.
Good article but the lady he quoted in the article:

> Bernstein's Stacy Rasgon wrote in a note to clients Thursday. "For the first time since this product cycle kicked off AMD may have given investors at least some reason to dream."

For the first time, really? How about back when we knew Zen was an absolute hit? This lady gets paid for this?
You're right of course. I am a patient man.. I am not talking out of impatience. It's just crappy how the market is treating this stock in general. And how some stocks get the benefit of the doubt all the time.

Intel Spectre Meltdown came out Intel stock actually rose a week later. Nvidia holding pretty well during the crypto slow down.. but they benefit each time there is a crypto surge.

AMD has been flawless since 2016, beating every ER.. and has taken a beating almost every time. God forbid they report a miss.
Allisson for me. For the most part the rest of the team and key players I don't feel are leaving. But there is a high interest in Allisson I feel. And if we miss to qualify for CL spots the club might be tempted to take the profit.
It's gotta be Roma.
> Also, it had 128 bytes of RAM. Not kilobytes, bytes.

And that's also including the call stack. Those programmers were working with so little haha.
You should be banned from Reddit for 5 years. How do you like that?
Drugs and mob mentality, my guess, I really have no idea why would anyone attack a random person on a street in a country which just accepted you with hospitality. It really boggles the mind.
I asked nicely.
The market is not based in reality.
> What happened with bulldozer very nicely illustrates what is happening now. Bulldozer released. The hype was big and the stock rallied for half a year and then it plunged into the abyss for 2 years. 2 Whole years of 2$-4$ range because of it being terrible and revenue declining.

Not at all. Price hit $8 after the BD was released, meaning months after all the bad reviews came out. And then tanked to $4-2 range due to poor guidance and ERs.

What's happening with Zen is entirely different. We hit $13 due to hype. Zen came out it was great and we've been bleeding down ever since. Each new ER that comes out better than the previous one and we continue to be bled due to misreporting like the article which sparked this conversation. 

There is no reason we should be at $9 like we hit last week, not one reason for it.

> Nvidia's price is based on the fact that they are a huge money printing machine that has proved themselves to be able to print money for a long time. They crushed their rival in traditional GPU business and are currently unopposed in the fast growing Datacenter and AI GPU business.

They are really not that much of a money printing machine, I mean their revenues in general are lower than AMD, Also they will be far more affected by the crypto slow down, yet their stock has not taken as big a hit as AMD. granted their earnings are great but they have saturated every market they are in, except for all the markets AMD is also in, so you can't count that as an advantage going forward. There is a far bigger upside in AMD than in Nvidia. AMD has all the TAM of Nvidia and the TAM of Intel CPUs to capture. And we know they have the IP for it.
Ok I miss-remembered the price after BD launch, but I am not that far off and it doesn't change my point.

https://i.imgur.com/Zr7Cy6o.png

$8 rally after Bulldozer is preposterous. Is difference between Bulldozer and Zen worth only $1.50? not to mention the market has grown since the post recession 2011.

> That is however based on hope not facts. Like I said forward P/E is above industry average.

What is NVDAs price based on? 
If a stock tanks of a crypto currency slow down which accounts for only 10% of its revenue and it's not one of its high margin products than the market isn't based in reality. Intel is at a 52 week high, despite having nothing, and being seriously reputation damaged by security issues, while AMD is at a 52 week low having reported one of its best earnings in a decade, and continuing to guide and over achieve on the guidance.

> If you think AMD will continue to grow 30%+ every year and increase margins by 5% yearly then yes AMD is undervalued. 

You can't grow margins by 5% each year that's not realistic or sustainable for any semi company. But AMD will continue to grow as it has demonstrated impeccable execution so far on the CPU side at least.

The stock is lower now than it was prior to Zen being released. Let me explain this another way. The stock is lower now than it was after the Bulldozer launch. Despite the fact that Bulldozer was a disaster that nearly cost the company its existence. While Zen is clearly a multi generational technological marvel, that keeps on getting better.

The price is not at all based in reality. AMD has far more upside potential than Nvidia, as AMD is in every market Nvidia is in but also makes one of the worlds most advanced CPUs.
> I still don't understand what is bad about it even if true.

It means that the market is not based in reality. That's a problem.
This is exactly the point I've been making now for years on AMD related boards. When the benchmarks impose artificially low resolution on overpowered GPUs they unintentionally alter the instruction mix the CPU has to execute. Meaning it is not at all a real world meaningful test.

Low res testing has also been shown to be a pretty poor predictor of future performance. But everyone likes pretty graphs with dramatic differences.
Games are increasingly multithreaded. And AMD has a much bigger edge there. I expect to see AMDs current gen pulling ahead in gaming in general.

In fact if you were paying attention even bulldozer caught up to Sandy bridge over time. So I expect this trend to continue.
Because we've been knowing something the market doesn't know for over a year while the stock has been constantly pegged down by these types of bulshit articles and negative  press.

And despite Zen nearly doubling AMD's revenues the stock hasn't budged.
Depends on how you look at it. This could be great news. It's Intel's admition that they are in trouble.and a bad need of their CPU efforts and teams being rebooted. Also it means whatever Tesla was working on now done and if it used any of the AMDa tech or semi custom services it might come to light soon.
Non competes are not enforcable in California. Also Keller didn't design Zen. That's Mike Clark. Keller setup the team and instituted the design methodology.
Wasn't a power struggle but people often mistate the work Keller did at AMD this time. He helped setup the design metodology which prioritized building modern design and simulation tools first in order for AMD to know if they are hitting the power targets right of the bat for a power efficient design. He was also likely behind the Infinity Fabric idea.

Zen was actually designed by Mike Clark who is also brilliant and is still at AMD working on Zen5.

All this news tells us is that Intel is seriously shitting bricks.
It's not a video, it's just audio but all that's on ir.amd.com

http://ir.amd.com/events/event-details/q1-2018-amd-earnings-call
But that's the whole market isn't it? We got dragged down by the market. If the market goes up.. we should be going up along with it.
In the US the judge orders it. Usually it's done for child support back payments or in some cases other debt, this type of offense would probably fall in the same category. 
In the US they can do wage garnishments. Meaning before you get paid from your job they take a percentage out of your paycheck. Not sure about UK. But I presume they can do similar.
Let's not be a pedantic asshole about it.
Man Bayern had so many chances could have been like 4-1.
And Real Madrid gets an away goal. 
What a fucking goal.
Not Germans Nazis. Yes they ran with tail between their legs from ill equipped Partizans.
> YOu don;t see these kind of things in the North

What facts was this referring to?
> what? Roma absolutely has control on who gets to these matches. How do they get with knifes in the stadium?

Do they? I don't think any stabbings happened in the Olympico.

> YOu don;t see these kind of things in the North

And there it is. More generalization.
> u're so black and white. 

I disagree. I think my approach is pragmatic and considers wider consequences. If we approached every issue like you seem to.. cars and planes would not exist. We'd all be Amish. 
That's not a valid question. The question you're poising is.

Should actions of a few be attributed to 1.5 billion people?

This is dangerous thinking, the type of thinking that led to holocaust. 
Look it up I am not making this up.

Roma has a clear evidence of not wanting these Ultra Fans. As I've listed above the owner of the club itself calls them morons and idiots. And has tried to prevent them from disrupting games.

Fact is these ultras have officially nothing to do with Roma as a team. They are Roma Ultra Fans who come to the games. Roma the club has no control over them.

Barca has control over their security. 
> It wasn't a muslim ban, they only banned a handful of countries. 

Trump himself called it a muslim ban. It was also decided in constitutional courts that it was a muslim ban.

*"Those who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety."*

Benjamin Franklin


> Again, Scottsman fallacy. Just because reasonable muslins claim terrorists are not real muslims, that doesn't make it so. Romas ultras attend roma matches and call themselves fans. 

Salah is muslim so should he be banned from travel? I don't think you know what Scottsman fallacy is.
Liverpool attacked a City team bus. Borussia Dortmund shareholder setup a bomb on a team bus. Chelsea fans attacked and beaten in Barcelona by official security (actually sanctioned by Barca authorities). Chelsea fans attacked a black man in Paris..
> The UK is not responsible for Roma's fans, sorry.

I never said they were. Also these aren't just Roma fans, these are Roma Ultras. 

There are much more sensible ways to deal with the problem.
> Hopefully uefa wouldn't do the same mistake

exactly
US banned wrong countries too. Also a decision made by a moron president. Quality example.
Why stop there. Let's ban all air travel. Surely these guys took a plane to England.. if you ban all air travel there is no chance of them doing the same. Also England fans would be safe because they can't come to Italy.
So should I judge all Romanians by your worst criminals? Is that what you're telling me?
EDF got it wrong, but I can't blame him. Because he deployed the same formation as against Barca. He wanted away goals. 3 at the back he clearly wanted to break up Liverpool's possession slow down the game and have Dzeko and Under boss Liverpool's defense.

It actually kind of worked in the first 30 minutes. It was really when Jesus got a yellow that everything turned on its head.

Two problems with EDF's ballsy plan:

- he seriously underestimated the atmosphere at Anfield and how the ref wasn't going to call barely any fouls. I don't mean that referee was being one sided. I mean the referee was letting the game flow and not interrupting it. Which allowed Liverpool to develop their tempo. Something EDF didn't want. This is partly why our players were often out of positions and getting crowded and why our 3 man defense was getting overloaded.

- Under is still young and it's evident that physically he still has development left to do. He was getting pushed off the ball too easily. Which just exacerbated the problem of us not being able to retain position and threaten. 

It's easy to sit here in hindsight and criticize his setup, but had it worked (which it might have like against Barca) he would be called a genius. The only issue I have with him is once Jesus got an early yellow he should have known to switch the formation earlier. 

As far as comeback is concerned? It's going to obviously be difficult, and it will require a herculean effort. But can it happen? Of course it can. This is soccer, anything can happen in soccer. Even after we pulled that comeback against Barca, Real Madrid knew Juventus was going to try to come back. And Juventus almost pulled it off at Bernabéu no less. 

3-0 or 4-1 is not an impossible result to achieve as we've already shown.
Thanks dude.. cheers! I truly feel sorry for the innocent Irish man who got attacked :( Hopefully he pulls through and makes a full recovery. And then Roma as a team can do something nice for him.
Fuck cancer man.
The masks thing is solvable too. Ban masks. If they put masks on.. deploy security/police and take their masks. 
> All English clubs were banned for hooliganism and have won the CL multiple times since.

Banning an entire country is different because the economic impact is shared by the whole league. And while the league is hurt as a whole it is not as bad as just banning a team.

I can't think of a team getting banned ever coming back particularly today with FFP. We have plenty of examples of what happens when teams are individually punished. Parma, Malaga and Dnpro for example.

Also this incident is very different than those bans. Because this happened outside the stadium, something the club has no control over.

Recent bans to Dnpro and Malaga were done because the teams themselves did something wrong. Roma as a Club did nothing wrong.
Has it worked though? Or has it destroyed those clubs?

Show me a club which was banned for hooliganism and then came back to top flight. 

Banning Roma would destroy the club, and would seriously hurt the Italian league which is responsible for some of the best soccer we've witnessed in history of this sport.

Over a handful of self destructive morons?
Ok but even 80 is like not even a 0.01% of Roma supporters? 

Not to mention the team itself has nothing to do with these people. As I posted above, the owner and the team is constantly butting heads with them. They didn't even go to Roma games for over a year because the club encased their stands in barricades.

There has to be a more sensible solution than punishing the club or 99.99% of fans of said club. With today's technology I don't think it's impossible to come up with a solution which would prevent these incidents. Identify the ultras and deploy police. Also ultras should be put on no fly list. Why not punish Ultras? Why punish the whole club which is clearly against this behaviour?

Why does everyone jump to the most simplistic knee jerk reaction first? 
Of course anything is better than fans being stabbed, but you are seriously advocating guilt by association which is a dangerous slippery slope.. but whatever. This whole sub is in an anti Roma circlejerk right now. So it's best I avoid it.
But how is that fair to people who have nothing to do with it? The club is almost 100 years old.. it has millions of supporters who never caused any trouble. Why should they be punished?

You'd think that in this day and age with advanced surveillance technology we can't find the culprits and punish those who are causing trouble? Those in Liverpool were already apprehended. I am sure they will be punished.

Should DeRossi be punished and banned because these morons attacked that poor man?
That would be as they say: throwing the baby out with the bathwater.

Without Roma in the competition you would be watching Barca - Real Madrid finals.
Roma isn't involved, a handful of morons who happen to call themselves Roma ultras are. Maybe once you understand that we can actually discuss how to stop this from happening.
The club has been seriously working on the issue. For instance 2 seasons ago, they put in barriers in the Curva Sud. And as a result Ultras weren't coming to the games for over a year.

The owner of the club is constantly at odds with these idiots trying to control them: https://www.americaninno.com/boston/as-roma-president-james-pallottas-facebook-qa-swears-at-fans-over-curva-sud-controversy/

Here is another one: http://www.goal.com/en-us/news/86/italy/2015/04/17/10861562/mocking-the-mother-of-a-murdered-fan-pallotta-is-right-to

Sure you can ban the whole club, but should a handful of morons have such power to get an entire team banned because of their antics?
I guess you know better than me what I was trying to say.
You obviously don't understand the meaning. If you think bringing up a point of how a rule can be abused is anything like it.


Are you telling me that someone whos prepared to commit a murder and assault innocent people wouldn't be motivated for something like that?

Also I don't want to be misunderstood. This is most likely a group of Roma fans who did this crime. I am posing the question to bring up a point about the abuse of a rule where the entire club gets banned. 
Still don't see how punishing 100 000 other peaceful and innocent  fans and employees and players at the club is productive.

These people are criminals they were arrested. It's not like the club is protecting them, or condoning this behaviour in any way. Banning the rest of us peace loving football fans does nothing if these hooligans are not even afraid of prison.
You're fine dude, ignore the "trying to be edgy" teenager.
Fucking morons. Lock em up and throwaway the key. No exuse for such behaviour. 
Yeah apparently we're all murdering ultras now.
We realize the chances are slim. But if you think the boys aren't going to try in the full Olympico you don't know Roma. We have no pressure. Also we don't care about losing with a high score. It's Roma it's what we do.

I would be afraid if I were you.

> The more you attack Liverpool the easier you make it for them to score

This is every team. 
yeah but Roma would have never come with intention of attacking if it weren't for that rule. Are you not entertained?
EDF won't get it wrong the second time around. Coming back will be hard but whatever happens we will give an increadible performance. Even after tonight this team has shown that it has the resiliance it needs.

If this is it and we don't go through, so be it. We got pretty far, much further than anyone predicted.
I have no idea how players understood Fergie. I can't understand half the words he's saying and on top of that he's giving nicknames to opposition players. Crazy. 
I noticed the same thing. Happened with City - QPR equalizer goal,  it happened with Barca away goal and the first goal in the 2nd Barca goal. The man scores when you need it the most.
Dzeko rarely gets the credit he deserves but he was also being marked by two defenders there. Great goal.
I know! I thought he was in his 70s.
It's a cool idea, but they can't. The reason is they need to redesign the chip in order to reach those clocks. The way modern CPUs reach high clocks is by breaking up the workload into smaller chunks (when they say a CPU has a long pipeline that's what it's for, for high clocks). Because smaller chunks can execute those small instructions to meet the timings required for a high clock.

It would take a herculean effort to do so.. like not something that they can do just for a gimmick.
5-2 is better than 4-1, or 3-0. So there is that. We can win with a 3-0, or a 4-1 outcome at home.
Yup! I added that edit to my comment right before you posted.
Absolutely. I am now more confident than before this match.
It is actually true, Roma did succeed in controlling the game in the 1st half for a good 30 minute period. But for the rope-a-dope to work we can't concede so many goals. Still 5-2 is not insurmountable. It's better than 3-0 or 4-1. 
Forza Roma! I fucking love this team even though they will be the end of me.
one more!
REMONTADA bitches.
We need at least one more to actually have a chance of a come back.
We just have to make it harder than against Barca in the 2nd leg. Last time wasn't difficult enough.
Salah channeling prime Maradona. fml
Ox just learned you don't go hard on Balkan boys.. it's like hitting a tree. 

edit: hopefully it's nothing serious.
Yup.. this is wide open. It has all the ingredients for a fireworks type game. Hope it doesn't turn into those 0-0 draws.
Forza Roma!
Wow. I always thought those disclaimers a la: "These stunts are performed by trained professionals, don't try this at home" were self explanatory, but I guess not.
I agree. It speaks to our lack of depth in his position really.
When I drive on a highway I am always mindful of commercial truck drivers. Like if they want to merge I don't speed up to get in front of them and delay them like a lot of people do.. I either slow down or move to another lane.

My good friend is a long distance commercial driver, and I know how difficult their job can be.
I can't concentrate on work today. All I am thinking about is the game. Forza Roma!
He's definitely not slowing down (his game isn't based around speed anyways). The new coach and the new system in the league is making it harder for him to score. We also lost Salah, who provided space for Dzeko and assists last season. Chengiz and Schick have been slow starts as well.

Other than goals Dzeko's general play has been really good. Although there was a period when he played poorly when Chelsea approached him for a transfer. But that's over now.

We would not be this far in CL without Dzeko that's for sure.
Didn't Milner leave on a free, also weren't some words being said, can't quite remember? Kolarov and Dzeko left on good terms. 
Dzeko is no stranger to pressure. Although not CL, won leagues with Wolfsburg and City vs. Fergie ManU.
It definitely feels unfair. Although hopefully we can get the CL spot in the league this year (or win the CL :P). If we manage that with the new shirt sponsor and new CL money I don't think we will need to sell some of our best players next window. 
Novelty accounts are as reddit as Narwhals. 
The man hasn't had a bad game for us. Not that I remember at least. Of all the players we signed last window he had the best season by far.
Doesn't happen every 10-15 minutes. And also you would be losing what time anyways by players crowding the ref. Yelling at him.. getting yellows.. etc
I watched tons of Serie A games this season. You can't tell a difference. It's the same as when referees used to go to the linesemen to talk before they had walkie talkies. And it may happen once every 3 games or so.

It really doesn't break up the flow from what I've seen. On controversial decisions you usually have players crowding the ref anyways.
Then you get two people disagreeng over a call slowing down the game. It should be the ref. He's responsible for officiating the game. 
VAR is pretty good for soccer.
Refs have it rough man. At the speed the game is played I would be fucking up half the calls on the pitch if it were me, and god knows how linesmen call offsides, I coudn't do it in a million years. But we fans are the first to shit on them for mistakes, which are only human.
This is actually also a great idea for those who have limited space as well. Say your budget wasn't even an issue. You could build a Threadripper machine to serve you both. Perfect for people who live in expensive and crowded City's. 
They are different players, but I can tell you we miss Pjanic more than we miss Salah, who's one of the world's best players this season, and who was great for us. Chengiz is starting to do really well in Salah's position whereas as much as it pains me to say this (being that he vent to a rival) Pjanic is one of those once in a decade type players. He would make our midfield tick like I never seen it tick since.

We are more physical in the midfield now days, but Pjanic left a huge creativity void when he left.

What's my point? My point is, Pjanic is a player with unbelievable technical ability and vision. Pogba is not even close in that aspect to him. Pogba may impress more with individual brilliance and goals, but he will never pull the strings like Pjanic can. Pjanic can make the whole team better. Zidanesque. 

I am still pissed because he went to Juve.
It is going to make it more difficult, not impossible.

Besides people buying one or two GPUs for mining isn't a problem. It's people buying 50-100+ pieces. And this makes that a logistical nightmare.
Bayern's entire squad can score. From Lewandowski to Hummels. To me they are the scariest side in the competition.
Should do one for Messi in r/soccer
ahh man, bummer
De Rossi is such a dude. Love him.
I know r/soccer can get pretty negative and knee-jerk downvote burry happy. But it also has some of the best humor of any sub. Each thread has a gem of a comment like your comment here.
But it gives incentive away. Without it there would be no incentive for attacking at all. Park bus away and try to score one at home would be how everyone would play. 
Exactly. It's an awesome rule actually. It makes games like Roma - Barca possible. One of the best comebacks in CL.
Honestly for me it's the way they play. They have an annoying style that's difficult to watch even. Like even when  I watched them in CL and wanting them to get further, they just play such a safe and boring brand of soccer.

They play like this even against weak oposition in the league.
Man.. how can anyone mock this. It's pure passion it's something to be proud of not ashamed. It's one of the big reasons I love soccer. No sport is quite like it when it comes to sheer number of fanatic supporters it enjoys.
I hate this argument. Does google "do no evil" because they have a small marketshare? No.

AMD have been doing doing tons of cool stuff and contributing to the industry in the way of open standards. GDDR, HBM, HIP, FreeSync (Vesa standard), TressFX, Open Sourced GPU drivers... just to name some.

Until they don't they should be commended, period. 
Man the more and more I listen to various headphones, I am just like.. if you're on a budget, just get yourself chi fi IEMs. They seriously pack so much punch for the money. I got my ZS10 today and they are unbelievable for $34.

They have all the KZ detail without KZ wacky tuning. (pretty neutral).
In 3 fixtures we play Juventus, we could totally push the wagon and beat Juve for Napoli to win it. Heck we need to finish above Lazio anyways so we have no choice either way. So we will be trying. Juventus fucked up today. Doesn't happen often in the league.
Why is this not on top of the sub? He totally meant to do it, and he did it. The mad man.
Wow, never thought I would see a clip with Slovenian casters.
I also threw out the trash this morning. Also a fact. What is wrong with you?
Difficult to believe for someone who hasn't been anywhere. I recon good number of posters on r/soccer are world travelers.
Just stating facts.
The way he was shaking his hand is distinctly Italian. I have not seen it anywhere else, and I've traveled the world.
The one he was making is distinctly Italian. 
I love how Khedira is gesticulating with his hands like he's Italian lol..
This is a good match.
You are correlating the data wrong to fit your agenda. Like business insider? who cares what business insider says. And the wikipedia quite does not support your point at all.
I disagree. Personally I think Affirmative Action doesn't go far enough. 
Well they are second to Barcelona who have Messi. So having Ronaldo while nice balances out.
It's opposite of racism, it's righting a wrong.
I am fluent in English. I know this commentator, he used to cast international friendlies on ESPN in English. He is pretty fun to listen to in general as he always has fun little tidbits of obscure knowledge about players.

Also going nuts for the goals, I find that cute and amusing. He doesn't do it all the time.
Been a pleasure watching this guy play all these years. One of the all time greats for sure. Class act from Sevilla fans. 
He was virtually unknown at the time though.
Many of those players were virtually unknown before the World Cup. It's just Vahid Halihodzic is a mad genious.
> We had to play Kolarov/Clichy and Sagna, they could barely finish a match before getting exhausted.

Yet Kolarov was one of our best players this season for us. Which just goes to show you had too many players, too little playing time to have them all be match fit.
We found Gigi
He's more accomplished than Pep in my opinion.
I mean what's next the man has to go to Juventus to prove he can win the league?
Also took him longer to win the season than it took Pellegrini.
Again it's affirmative action it's real and it's not a bad thing.
I don't get the hate, I love the guy's narration.
Are you kidding me? He's awesome.
See MLS fans who are against relegation/promotion? This is what you're missing out on.
I can relate, /u/MrGold2000 is one of the most annoying posters on this forum.

The thing which makes him annoying is that he occasionally has a good post. But then will post like 10 stubbornly negative and ill researched drivels. So you never know if you should read what he says or just skip it.
Doesn't sound like it's hardware related. Try closing all background programs (in the past some browser tabs used to cause me grief for instance), and if you use multiple monitors try using just one. 

This normally shouldn't be an issue but helps to try to eliminate as much of the variables as possible.

The other thing you can try is enabling v-sync.. it adds latency but perhaps what you're seeing is tearing related. 
Don't panic. It's probably an easy fix.

Download https://www.cpuid.com/softwares/hwmonitor.html

Check your temperatures.. if anything is in 80C-90C range than something is overheating and as a result throttling. 

Download GPU-Z: https://www.techpowerup.com/gpuz/

Do the same for your GPU.

What resolution do you game at? 1060 is a good GPU for 1080p but it will struggle with higher resolutions particularity in demanding games like Witcher 3.

In Witcher 3 disable hairworks and tune some graphics settings (like lower shadows, disable blur.. ) and see if that helps.
Yes that one test is borked, no argument here. It is an outlier. However again. Ryzen wins in all the games they have tested which does not agree with the rest of the sites. 

For instance Civ VI Anandtech test has Ryzen pulling ahead.. Tech power up has Intel pulling ahead:

https://tpucdn.com/reviews/AMD/Ryzen_7_2700X/images/civilization-vi_1920_1080.png

My point is this. Even if you remove rocket league, Ryzen 2700x is the fastest gaming CPU according to Anandtech. Which is not at all what other outlets conclude.

There is a big difference between one outlier slanting scores in Ryzen's favor and Ryzen pulling ahead in all the tests, like it's happened here. Ryzen won all gaming tests according to Anandtech. Which is very different from the rest, not within margin as you said.
It is not an outlier though if 2700x is faster in all the games tested by Anandtech. All other outlets show it being slower.
I've had my 1800x since the day one. Can confirm, the thing is a beast. Best CPU I have owned to date.
That makes no sense. Anantech's gaming benchmarks ALL favor Ryzen. Most other reviewers favor Intel.
I don't know how difficult it is to understand my previous comment. Partizans didn't only fight the Germans.. they fought the quislings and Italians in the 1st half of the war, as well (something like 20K Italians lost their life in Bosnia alone). And they were poorly armed, starving with no logistics.

To make matters worse, allies were supporting the wrong side (Chetnik quislings who were helping Nazis) until 1943. You had 4-5 different sides all slugging it out in Yugoslavia during WW2. Chetniks, Ustase (quislings who aided nazis), Italians, Germans and then the victors the Partizans.
Thanks for describing it. I couldn't watch it, but I can imagine now how bad it was. That type of injury not only ended the guys career but probably traumatised every other player on the pitch.
I am a complete neutral when it comes to Mou. He's never coached any of the teams I fancied. But I love the guy. To me he is funny every time he does a press conference. I don't know another manager who riles up so many people with his words. Never change Mou!
Poor discriminators.
Yes. But that's civilian casualties also it's Balkans. They fought each other too at the same time. They had concentration camps as well.
You are free to go to private schools.
I am well aware of it. But that's not forced integration. You're talking about affirmative action. "Forced integration" is something very different.
Forced integration? What year is this?
This is all kind of breaking news, but it looks like Ryzen is much better for gaming than Intel according to Anandtech results: https://www.anandtech.com/show/12625/amd-second-generation-ryzen-7-2700x-2700-ryzen-5-2600x-2600/18

And by the way they re-ran the tests, which were suspect at first, but so far have been confirmed by other outlets. With the most recent Windows patches, Ryzen takes quite a lead in gaming.
Not just Greeks, Balkans in general. Croats, Serbs and Bosnian too.
Will definitely check it out. Thanks! Saving your comment.
Very kind of you to offer help. I am a long time Linux user though (mostly on server though). I've used it on desktop back in the early 2000s, but then I migrated to OSX. Been using Windows 10 for the past year and I am having a difficult time with it. Random reboots without asking permission just drive me nuts. 

I've tried Mint in the past briefly and I liked what I saw.

I need to find a window manager which lets me adjust DPI (but also has nice minimalist borders etc..), since natively my high rez monitor renders text which is too small to read (my monitor is further away on my work bench). So will have to do some research there.

I am not a huge fan of `rpm` distros (prefer debian) but now days I think rpm is fine. I thought about giving Gentoo a try, it's been a long time since I used it but that was my favorite distro back in the day.

I may actually give Elementary OS a try.. Pantheon looks pretty nice, and it looks like they have a decent DPI support.
Yup.. I think I will go this route. Windows is driving me insane. Thanks.
BLM goes too far, sure. But Alt-Right is actually in power of the country. And they definitely aren't ok either.
I am an idiot. Just woke up too so having a blurred vision.
Not following. Turkey and US are a traditional ally no?
BLM aren't a factor and have zero actual power.
My Windows 10 just randomly broke itself. When I first log in most of the stuff doesn't work. Like it's acting like my Users/LocalUser stuff is missing. But if I switch user and login as myself again everything works fine.

So every time my computer boots I have to wait for it to load up into this broken Windows and then switch user to the same user for it to boot properly. It's annoying as hell. And tons of people are having this issue with no solution.

Windows 10 updates are the most destructive thing itself. Also I have no idea when my computer crashes or it just did one of the forced updates.

Windows 10 is garbage, and the only reason I am running it is because of games.
Ryzen wins some Intel wins some. They are pretty close. Still think AMD is a better buy though. You get more for your money.
Price is the most important aspect of a product. Are you kidding me?

There is a saying in the industry: *There are no bad products just bad prices.*
AMD offers more perf/dollar though.
Did I say anything about Blitzkreig not being an effective strategy?

And I am not talking about Soviet Union. Talking about Balkans for instance Yugoslav Partizans, or the resistance in Poland.

Germany had lost more than 100 000 soldiers in Yugoslavia for instance. Source post war research: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_War_II_in_Yugoslavia#CITEREFOvermans2000
I am having a hard time following your reasoning.

- a form of radical authoritarian nationalism

This has Trump written all over it: MAGA.

- characterized by dictatorial power

again Trump with his attacks on media, and wanting to redo libel laws to restric journalistic freedom of speech.

- forcible suppression of opposition and control of industry and commerce

Again Trump, tarifs.. trade wars.. attacks on Amazon.. etc

It sounds nothing like the left.


Yes.. I meant fascists. And trust me I know exactly what I am talking about there is still a strong sentiment of fascism in Italy particularly among ultras soccer supporters. 

They are however both very far right ideologies. Anti minority, ultra nationalist? you know like today's Republican Party.
They've always been a bit like this, people just weren't paying attention. For example: Gsync vendor lock in for instance is directly aimed to leverage their monopoly to lock you into one vendor. Before Gsync they did it with Physx... etc plenty of examples of Nvidia trying to restrict choice.
Are we the baddies.mov
Not sure why you're getting downvoted. But Nazis only managed to win on a blitz. Once people actually started fighting back Nazis got their shit pushed in by poorly armed partizans even.

Italian ~~Nazis~~ fascists were a joke in particular.
No, but the people blaming minorities for their problems and marching with tiki torches are.
If you dig into his history you'll find him constantly shill for GN and defend them any time anyone raises any concerns. Also he constantly posts their articles:

https://www.reddit.com/r/hardware/comments/88s5l8/nvidia_announces_dualgpu_titan_w_new_weissman/
Look at your post history mate. All you do is defend and promote GN.

You also post for them all the time:

https://www.reddit.com/r/hardware/comments/7tdk0m/msrp_build_vs_2018_current_price_build_benchmarks/

https://www.reddit.com/r/hardware/comments/88s5l8/nvidia_announces_dualgpu_titan_w_new_weissman/
> I think GN is hands down the best most detailed review. 

Of course you'd think that.. you're affiliated with them. Self promotion is generally frowned upon on reddit.
It really is a huge impact in some cases.
Spot on.

> There's really nothing wrong with PCI soundcards but audiophiles pretty much always go USB

Some even don't go USB.. because they are worried about the noise from USB.. they go USB to Toslink then DAC. But it's overkill in most cases IMO.
It's similar to Intel's Boost, but AMD has something called XFR which can boost a single core beyond the clocks normally achievable with an OC.

The gain will depend on the games. The games which utilize just a single core will benefit from this the most. And the more modern well threaded games will benefit from an all core OC you can achieve.
It's due to the new boost technology in Ryzen 2000 series. It boosts further than they can OC. So for single threaded bound tasks like some games this can give you an edge. Here is it from the article:

> Yes, overclocking is possible and our sample reached 4.2 GHz stable on all cores, but that won't always give you higher performance as our benchmarks show. The underlying reason is that Ryzen has very clever Boost algorithms that automagically increase clock frequencies beyond rated stock frequencies. The 2700X can go up to 4.3 GHz with just a single core is active, which is higher than what we managed with manual overclocking. As result, single-threaded applications will run faster than without overclocking. Multi-threaded applications saw a clear advantage though, but overall I'm slightly unsure whether overclocking is worth it on Ryzen 7 2700X. However, this is the result of AMD putting a ton of work into maximizing the out-of-the-box performance of their CPUs, which is a good thing, as the majority of users will get a better experience, without having to deal with overclocking. If the silicon lottery deals you a good hand, and your processor can reach significantly higher than its maximum boost, then overclocking will give you small gains, but I'm not sure if that's worth all the trouble.
ASRock is usually decent. Personally I don't think Asus, Gigabyte and MSI have much choice in the matter, but it is still crappy that they have no backbone to stand up to NVidia.
Actually it's the other way around. GN uses scripted static non CPU heavy scenes for their CPU testing. Which produces weird results.

When testing CPUs you want to use game areas where there is a lot of stuff happening.. NPCs being simulated, physics being calculated that sort of thing. GN has been under criticism for using static scenes where there is not a lot happening. 

Here is the most fresh comparison from tech powerup all nicely summed up.. https://www.techpowerup.com/reviews/AMD/Ryzen_7_2700X/20.html

At most you're looking at like 3% difference or less the higher you go in resolution. HTC Vive pushes twice as much more resolution than 4K for instance. Also rememeber 8600k tested in that graph is hand picked by Intel and paired with a Z motherboard. They generally perform worse on cheaper motherboards and with retail samples, since they are TDP limited. Also you can OC 1600 and get it faster RAM even with cheaper B350 motherboards. It's really a wash at higher resolutions.
Word of advice don't believe tech tubers. Checkout reputable sources like anandtech or computer base.de
Except it is wrong. Games are GPU bound on VR not CPU bound. 

Look at 1440p or 2K benchmarks for CPUs.. they have identical FPS. These CPU only differ at 1080p or bellow. 
It's insane. I recon we'll miss him when he retires. 
VR is high res. So I don't think you'll see any difference in FPS.

edit: lol if you're going to downvote me than prove me wrong. VR headsets all push a lot more pixels than a 1080p panel. Find me a benchmark where Intel pulls ahead in fps at resolutions higher than 1080p? You wont. In fact many times AMD pulls ahead. 
Ha.. you only went up by a 100 in your model number. 2600 vs 2700 :P
Every season we have that one guy! Last season it was Vermaelen. 
Hart was always a bit error prone, even when he was considered top. When you're a young keeper people can put up with occasional errors because the expectation is those will go away with experience. Unfortunately that did not happen and Heart's career declined. He's still a good keeper, just not the young hot prospect he once was.
Dude I know one of Zlatan's cuisins in rl. The dude is totally Bosnian. Also lookup transfermarkt Zlatan has a Bosnian sport citizenship for when his dad wanted him to play for Bosnia (Bosnian corrupt FA at the time demanded money for the trial, so they said fuck it). He chose Sweden nothing wrong with it. But as they say blood isn't wine.

And I am not saying Zlatan isn't Swedish.. he's Swedish, his kids are Swedish. But nothing wrong in recognizing his roots.
He's doing it for the American audience. This is how he makes the interview releatable to an average American who's not into soccer.
haha, it happens I guess, I mean he's not supposed to know who she is.
He didn't really get many chances today. The strike from outside of the box was close. Header hitting the crossbar is unlucky. Other than those two he had no misses.
Edin Dzeko.. (famous soccer player) is also Bosnian.
El Sha to stick it in.
Can't have derby della Capitale without drama, now can we?
Go fuck yourself Sergej Milinkovic-Savic.. if Manolas misses the Liverpool game because of that kick I will be royally pissed.
The fact that he's doing so well with largely the same squad is already evidence that Pep is not good as him.
Don't see anything wrong with it. It's a legit congratulation. Which also signals to Roma supporters what an impressive team they just beat. It's a bit of boasting, but can you blame us?
I have no respect for players who have no concept of fair play. You can be competitive without being a cheat.
Look up Haris Medinjanin. Last year an opposing player got red carded for a chalange on him and he told the ref the chalange wasn't bad to overturn it.

Fair play is a thing and it's appreciated.

>“I’m always honest,” Medunjanin said. “I try to win and I don’t want to win with a dirty play or something like this. For me, it’s important that we won and we played a fair game.”

https://www.mlssoccer.com/post/2017/06/24/honest-haris-unions-medunjanin-saves-dcs-acosta-red-card
Ahh, sweet, for some reason I thought they were going to air at the same time. Thanks
The biggest shame will be the fact that I won't be able to see it.. will be busy watching the other tie. But Bayern spanking Real Madrid would be sweet.
I am liking this stat.
Anfield will have a better atmosphere because the stadium is much closer to the pitch. But Roma fans will be lit though.
Yes please, no refereeing shenanigans and controversies. Although traditionally neither team is known to be getting easy calls.
Honestly to call them tap-ins is an insult as well. It doesn't account for all the off the ball work a forward does, constantly being pushed off balance, fighting the offside traps etc..
Real is not Messi no.
This is the best CL in ages. Man I wanted us to play Liverpool just for the awesome atmosphere at both Anfield and Olympico.

My wish has been granted.
This is what I am rooting for as well. Bayern has to take one for the team and knock Madrid out.
He did great at Roma. He was one of our best players last season. And if we had kept him we would be challenging for the title right now I am sure of it.

I really think his time under Spaletti helped him. At first he was really frustrating with his decision making but as the season progressed this aspect of his play improved. 

The Salah that plays in Liverpool is the same Salah we had towards the end of the season when he was with us.
That's unfair. He was much better than Gervinho particularly in the 2nd part of his season with us. Fuck, had we kept Salah we would be a much stronger team than we are today. The main reason Dzeko has struggled to score goals in the league is because he doesn't have Salah to create space and assist.
This is true, PL is a lot more competitive at the bottom than other leagues. But Seria A has a lot of good mid table teams as well.
It's not bullshit, Higuain scored those goals at Napoli who play a pretty intense attacking style of football. Also not every team plays Catenaccio. And they don't play it all the time either.
Bundesliga is very technical too. To me it's like a mixture between PL and La Liga. Seria A has the best rivalries and tactics.
Damn.. huge upgrade! Enjoy!
Going into the match I am ashamed to admit I considered not watching the game. Had an important project to finish and I just wasn't in the mood to watch us get kicked out by dirty players like Alba, Suarez and Pique. I considered skipping. But no matter how much I tried I couldn't. I am so happy I ended up watching it. One of the best games I've ever seen.
It was a complete Hail Marry yet it provided for the best Roma match I've ever seen. We were downright scary to watch. 

I watch Barca play when I got nothing better to do because of Messi.. I have never seen them struggle like that.
I love the man.. you can just feel the bond and respect other players have for him too. True captain.
HP and AMD are homies.. HP was the first partner to buy into Epyc and Lisa has a really close relationship with leadership at HP. Also ex AMD CEO who appointed Lisa is an exec at Dell. I don't think they will be down with Nvidia's bullshit.
lol
He was their best player, without a doubt.
My only fear is referees and cheap cards and losing control of the game due to constant stoppages. Particularly when it comes to Real Madrid, their players are cunts who like to crowd the referee and demand yellow/red cards.

So I would like to avoid Real Madrid if at all possible. 
It's the Messi effect. You do have to give credit to Messi though. The man just doesn't dive.
We might be even able to buy a decent midfielder, DM or a right back this summer.
What makes this one stand out is that he's an ex-Roma player. 
Dunno about other teams but we've definitely dropped league points due to CL. We've been resting our A team for the CL.
To be honest. RM's incessant diving and gaming the refs (by waving imaginary cards to get opposing players in trouble) is true. RM are definitely not the saints in this. But that penalty was legit. 
This CL season: Are you not entertained?
Same! Forza Roma!
I was frustrated too I guess. And pretty frustrated with Dzeko as well at one point. Sorry I just get triggered when people criticize their own players in general forums, particularly players who have been so great.

I agree that around the Chelsea rumors Dzeko couldn't buy a goal.. he was having a rough time. He's been having a rough time since the beginning of the season with this system really. I watch him make countless runs and us send countless crosses in, never to connect. 3-4-1-2 suits him much better when he has someone to help him create the space. Players will dip in form, but no one else stepped up either in those games really. I wouldn't blame him for the poor result in the league, you can't expect one player to carry the team all the time in terms of goal production. Once Raja moves up and Schiick or Under attack the box, we start seeing Capocannoniere Dzeko. 
We faced bigger teams than they have too. Chelsea is bigger than Totenham, and Barcelona is bigger than Juventus. Atletico Madrid is probably PSG level. 
> howdy yank

Not a yank. Also I watched Batistuta play for Roma. He was only prolific for about first 6 months of that season. Yes he achieved the Scudetto which is huge, but he was also surrounded by a much better team than Dzeko is (not to mention prime Totti).

> I was just pointing out that there was a point in which he didn't show any enthusiasm at all for our club and any fan would be angry at that.

Ok, he did have a dip in form, and really most of that comes from the system. He's struggled all season long because he's too isolated by himself and he gets no service. There were a few games where he was really shit I agree, but then again name me a player who doesn't have those dips in form.
I was referring to Lovrens essay btw not yours.
The more I think of r/t_d the more I think the only reason that sub is still there is for it to be a honeypot. 
This is why VAR is needed. It protects the referee as well. Such a big decision may need 30 seconds to a minute to be made anyways.
I think the goalkeeper fucked up too. Not sure why he was so far out in front of the goal with so many of his own players in front of him.
His essay is pretty cringe-worthy, but then again, how much of that can be blamed on Lovren not being a native English speaker?

It's pretty easy to sound stupid when you don't speak the language natively and when you can't quite dress up what you're trying to say in the nuanced ways so that it can't be misconstrued. 

I am with the other poster here, I don't think what Ox did was ok. He came off a bit as a bullying cunt to me. He definitely shouldn't have posted that video on the internet at the very least.
I agree with everything you said. The one thing that really sticks out from the original angle is the impact from Benatia's leg. To me that's the most damning part of the whole thing. Benatia did make plenty of contact to Vasquez's body with his leg.
It would be banter if he did it without recording on the smartphone to publish for the world to see. He was being humiliated by Ox.. and honestly if I were a Liverpool fan I would be pissed about that kind of cancerous pot stewing in the dressing room from one of my players.
I thought the same. It's definitely softer than I initially thought from this angle.
happen to have another angle? I am curious now.

edit: I found this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DLTipUB0Xs

But you can't really tell if it hit his leg first before hitting the chest. It definitely hit the chest at some point.
hmm, the ball actually moves slightly. (and to be clear I still think it's a legit penalty)
I think you were gassed. I mean it's amazing you were able to score 3 with such a tempo as well.
poor Real Madrid.. small team.. they have it so tough.
Honestly I don't ever remember him being shaky. And I am not saying this to be smart, it's just my impression of him (we just have different impressions perhaps). 

But even last season when we had Szczesny I saw Allisson play in a few early games and he impressed me right off the bat. I was really not worried a single bit when Szczesny left. I was kind of looking forward to it. Not because Szczesny sucked he was pretty solid for us but because I knew he was a temporary keeper on loan.
They have their fan favorite Hamshik as well, who's stayed there his entire career. I mean we sold some really important players in the past too, but I got a different vibe about Allisson. I think he will stay.
I still fail to see how any of that makes RM's road any easier than ours. 

> Barcelona was not supposed to fall apart like that

I would like to think we had something to do with that.
Everyone in the club loves him including fans. He ain't going anywhere.
You claim RM had by far the toughest route to semis. I think we had a tougher route than RM.
ahem.. Atletico Madrid, Chelsea, Shakhtar, Barcelona.
As much as the ending of that match sucks after such a fairy tale come back.. there is really no disputing it. This was a penalty.

In the fairness of the game as a whole I am glad the referee called it. I understand people who are mad about it too though. It sucks to go out like that.
To be fair I am in disbelief still as well. On the clouds though.
I bet Dzeko would like a crack at that ass once more.
> I agree. The only reason Ryzen was a massive success was because Intel did not care to compete knowing it had a monopoly.

This is selling AMD's achievement short. Zen is actually honest to goodness one of the best CPU architectures around. AMD isn't Intel's only competition. Intel has been constantly challenged by ARM and Power8/9 from IBM. 

Intel may have stagnated their product releases to the x86 consumer base but they did not stop developing. AMD leapfroging them is a testament to AMD's know how.

In the same way AMD is able to produce a competitive architecture on x86 on a fraction of the budget Intel has they can do the same with GPUs. They've done it before.
I mean these analysts are all shady for the most part. But situation in 2015 and early 2016 was really dire for AMD.

They had 2B of debt and were hemorrhaging money. Zen really saved the company.

They are still not out of the woods entirely but are on the road to full recovery and making sustained profits for the first time in forever.
Probably Schick.. or Under. 
Everyone who's unbiased does. It's a dive.
He could have legitimately broke his neck diving like that.
Says video unavailable for me.
That's just it. 
Roma fan here too.. man it's bullshit how many calls Real were getting from weak/soft fouls.. all night. 

You showed a valiant effort and did amazing. Moral victory is yours even though the score isn't. :(
I don't understand how VAR isn't implemented in CL. VAR is amazing.
haha
No yellows either. .. they have just cruised their way to the semi finals. 
Cheap ending to an amazing match. Sorry Juve.
Will Roma's ex-goalkeeper play a role in saving this penalty?
You. I like you.
In a way you're right, these are some historic matches.
This has been one of the best weeks of soccer this year.
Because if Juventus scores one more that will be one more away goal which is worth more than the home goal.
Not everyone knows. Just sharing for those who don't.
If Juventus score one more, Real needs 2 to go through. 
Strange, no I have not had this issue on any of the devices I tried it on. iPhone, Moto Z Play as well.
wow, 1 more....
Higuain needs to learn how to hold up a ball and relieve pressure from his team.
I love the tempo of this match. 
Ideally they can go through on 4-1. 3 would tie them and they would go on penalties.
Holy shit.. Juve could have had 2 already.
Meanwhile we had to sell Salah for 35M in order to comply with FFP.
Yeah, I don't get this either. Bayern are always favorites.
Delete this nephew. 
Ahh, I think I misunderstood your previous comment. I agree.
oh man.. this response further down: https://twitter.com/Kylewok_/status/983805053831016449
What's this world coming to. People are now stealing comments for karma?
They even stole our jerseys those two.
Is it though? Personally I don't think it is. CL is harder to win in my opinion. Many teams in CL have won their respective leagues but never won the CL. Also the monetary reward is a big bonus.
Handanovic is underrated.
He's been absolutely amazing for us this season. He has zero competition in his role. Easily our best signing last window in terms of what we got out of it this season.
Likewise with you winning it. 
It's supposed to be similar: http://www.iltempo.it/resizer/670/-1/true/20160918/export.1.1575269.jpg--il_nuovo_stadio_della_roma_non_si_fa.jpg
It's actually a great rule if you think about it (and I am not just saying that because my team is a beneficiary in this case). It favors attacking football over just parking buses. The team with more away goals scored has a slight advantage in case of a draw.

The games are more fun as a result of it.
When two teams are tied on two legs, the team which scored more away goals wins.

Barca beat Roma at home 4:1.. and then lost in Rome 3:0. Roma's away goal in Barcelona breaks the tie in Roma's favor.
Can confirm, tears of joy were shed and I am incredibly proud of the team.
The man has passion. No doubt! Such an awesome day today!
> I'd prefer Roma

> They're very poor

rofl

He's fine with it: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Dac398aW0AApXU-.jpg
Good luck in your 2nd leg Juve.
To be fair, Messi having the ball was the only time Barca were dangerous. CR7 is amazing but he's also surrounded by better players. imo..
I see what you did there ;)

p.s. congrats to you as well!
Dzeko the giant slayer.
Chelsea sends their regards.
So did Kolarov.
me 3
don't sleep on Roma yall.. actually I didn't think it was possible either. 
Edin Dzeko has been an absolute mad man today. Holly fuck. What a performance.
Hold the fuck on!
GOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL omg!!!!@!
Yes, Under in!
What will Barca do when Own Goal retires?
One more, one more!!!!! I believe...
Fuck off Pique...
Penalty!!!!
Which Manolas foul? Barca is the only one getting fouls here.
Jordi Alba gets away with obvious yellow. tsk tsk..
Dude clear foul on Dzeko that Suarez has been getting all night. Fuck this ref.
Under playing in Schiick's current position, winger. Straight substitute. 
Hope we see Under instead of Schick in the 2nd half.
Dude, what the fuck was that whistle? 45 minutes exact? How about all the delays.. it took 10 minutes to shoot Messi's free kicks alone.
Fazio calm down.
That's how it's done. Great header by Dzeko.
We have Fazio, Dzeko, Schick and Manolas in the box why a short corner?
Yeah, he's in the stadium. They showed him at like 20 minutes in.
Alex Ferguson watching Roma - Barca game instead of City - Pool lol
Dzeko!!!!!!!
5 minutes in and another potential  penalty call. 
Forza Roma!
Neither team can shoot for shit tonight. 
Dame!!!
r/nbastreams
Nurk is such a beast.
Thanks for the review. I really didn't have an IEM I could recommend in the $200 range and this slots in really nicely in that range imo. 
> Updating the score doesn't create a bottleneck. And the idea that high FPS scenarios are unrealistic is beyond stupid because 144hz monitors are cheap and all over the place. 

Way to miss the point. woosh
Sorry just saw this reply.

> It's not unrealistic settings. It's 100% realistic. Can the CPU drive a higher frame rate if we put in a good GPU? One from 3 years in the future?

If you ever looked at source code of a game you will realize many games are written with a main loop paradigm. Where the main loop makes calls to render frames but then also does some other house keeping. Like let's make it very basic. Lets say you have a game that renders some frames and updates the scores (number of collected coins) in a database.

A game developer will tailor the score update to happen every so many frames per second. In their testing they may expect the game to run at 60fps for the hardware they are targeting. So say they update the score every 60 frames. 

Now say you make the frame rendering a super light task (which is what switching to 480p with an overpowered GPU does). The game can now run at 240fps (four times the fps than the code was written for). All of a sudden instead of the game engine doing a database update per second it does that update 4 times the second.

The person running benchmarks is now making an assumption that because they are getting 4 times the frames per second, the CPU is able to deliver 4 times the frames. Makes sense. But what if the database update itself takes 250ms? And the DB update itself is the actual bottleneck now not how many frames per seconds the CPU can deliver to the GPU. Maybe without the database update you could be running even more than 240fps per second?

We know for a fact that some games break after certain FPS.. we've seen this with GTA 5 (GTA starts dropping frames passed a certain point), and Fallout 4 (becomes unplayable) as I mentioned, due to precisely the problem of this nature.

By skewing your test condition in favor of removing the GPU bottleneck completely, you are actually changing the mix of instructions that the CPU runs. In the simple example above where the score update which takes 250ms  every second wasn't a bottleneck now it becomes the bottleneck, when there is no FPS back pressure.

A developer in a future version of their game may make their score update every 240 frames to account for faster GPUs. And your CPU game performance prediction test is no longer valid. 

These are not hypothetical nuances I am talking about here. This is real world. And while 480p tests may give us some insight into the CPU performance, they are by no means a reliable test of the future CPU performance. 

In the example above I used a simple example of updating the scores of coins collected, but these tasks can be anything, could be network access, HD access, could be FPU calculations.. things that either have nothing to do with the CPU or things that at best skew and change the instruction mix being tested. 

The tech press has perpetuated this myth since the early 2000s, but this issue is rarely every brought up. This is because people running benchmarks and making these conclusions aren't game engine developers.

Yup this is a real issue with a lot of records, which were ruined by practices introduced with early digital recordings. Some of that stuff still carries till today. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Gmex_4hreQ

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Loudness_war
Tell that to net neutrality.
I had an Aiwa player, newer model though. I wonder if I still have it somewhere in the boxes in storage. Mine had an integrated AM/FM player which was awesome. I probably used it more for radio than for listening to tapes (the batteries would last a long time if I just listened to radio). 

Before smartphones it was one of the rare forms of entertainment on the go (other than the books of course).  Loved that thing.. as it made plenty of boring times interesting.
This is true, but I don't miss it. As someone who used to record tapes all the time.. and constantly be on a lookout for best quality tapes for recording trying to improve SNR, the hiss was the bane of my existence. CD-R was a life changer. 
I don't see why not. He was developed at United. It is common to loan out players. MU sold him but bought him back. I don't think this technicality changes things much.
As a software engineer I disagree. Setting a game using unrealistic settings hits different driver bottlenecks which aren't representative of the real world performance. The drivers aren't optimized for 480p they are optimized for 1080p and beyond. I doubt AMD and Nvidia driver developers spend any time looking at 480p performance.

It's not just drivers, same is true with games. 

Some games even break passed certain fps.. GTA 5 and fallout 4 are a good example of this. If a game is hitting exceptions due to running too high an fps than that's not a valid test, now is it?

Besides looking at historical performance low res tests haven't really been proven to be useful either.
> and I am a big AMD fan.

has a 8700k and a 1070.. sure buddy.
They are not though. They unrealistically exaggerate the memory latency or whatever the bottleneck is in an unrealistic test with unrealistic settings the drivers were not optimized for. 
> 480p low gaming benchmarks is a good indication of future performance 

This is wrong. 480p is just a test at unrealistic settings. You don't know if future drivers will be threaded better or what will happen when games are more demanding.
Refs busy doing a harlem shake.
Well shit. 
Which amp do you have? You said Schiit Stack so I am assuming Magni 3. Look at the back, you can switch the amp to low gain.

http://www.schiit.com/public/upload/general/Magni3_RR_1920.jpg

You most likely have it set to high-gain which isn't giving you enough range. High-gain is really for hard to drive headphones only.
nice! thx
Missed the first half, but have we started hitting 3s actually? wow..
Ordered on the 22th as well, mine says:

> Shipment left country of origin warehouse 

No idea what cable I will get with them.
You should go to work with a pair of Audio64 tia Fourté .. then tell them the price ($3,599.00)
Looks like a jacket you get for free to promote a detergent brand, lol.
> You realize that if AMD had majority market share, they would not be making anywhere near as much of their stuff open source... right?

We don't know that. Google has a majority marketshare and Android is still open source/open standards based. So why shouldn't AMD get a benefit of the doubt here?

They certanly have a long history of contributing to open standards. Even back when they were much bigger than Nvidia. GDDR memories for instance are AMD tech which AMD open standardized. 
AMD actually has something called HIP (part of ROCm) now. It's very similar to CUDA. In fact you can write in HIP and generate CUDA or AMD code at the same time.

It's still in the early stages but it looks very promising. 
The key is interoperability. No one cares if Nvidia patents the shit out of how they render shit on screen, or how they move bits inside their GPUs. The issue is when a company uses their monopoly to entrench vendor lock ins when it comes to how GPUs are used by 3rd parties. 

Interoperability APIs and which are not open source/standard are anti consumer at the core.
> How do we know this isn't just a convenient way to hide the embarrassing AMD rigs?

Ok so you're an Nvidia fanboy. Good for you, I guess.
Just branding. Asus can sell whitebox AMD. But that's a huge blow to AMD.. because Asus spends millions on ROG branding. I don't even think Asus makes non ROG laptops (they probably do but I've never seen them).
They did. If Asus doesn't kick AMD out of ROG branding, they don't get access to Nvidia GPUs. And considering that Nvidia has a 80% marketshare that would be a huge blow to Asus' bottom line, which is why companies like Asus have no choice.
rx580 is actually on average faster than 1060. With Radeon Chill they often use less power than 1060, also they have FreeSync and other goodies which makes them a better buy.

Also Vega rx56 is a very good buy when at MSRP.
There are a lot of businesses that don't act this way. Ethical companies do exist.
So according to you it's perfectly fine to use a monopoly position to muscle your competition out like that? 
So you think it's ok for AMD to be banned from Asus ROG product line.. GPUs, Laptops despite the fact that the first ROG product was a very popular AMD product?
> knocked out by Sevilla

You say that like Sevilla sucks. They don't. They weren't a walk over even for Bayern, and I think Bayern could walk PL for a title.
Finishing isn't an issue if you lose a 2:0 lead. 
Fuck this referee. 
WTF is with the yellows? Kolarov, Jesus, Dzeko.. all bullshit yellows. 
Gonalons having a shocker, and the fans are yelling at him, which is probably making him even worse than he is.. lol
He's resting him. He's been doing this a lot with De Rossi. 
You're right, other than Under all the other players he bought have been underwhelming to say the least. Not counting Kolarov because Kolarov wanted to come here because of Dzeko, doubt Monchi seeked him out. 
At least there is urgency to get something done, and we've had some good shots on goal.
We have the most hot and cold defense in the world of football. One minute we can be impenetrable.. Allisson saving everything under the sky. And the next, we just give up easiest chances you'll see. So god damn frustrating.
Peres literally helped the guy stay on the ball.
I understand MS is shit. But you are saying MS can't bring 64 bit support to x86.. something that's been done since Windows XP.

Like your comment doesn't make sense.

Microsoft is unable yo make a decent piece of software because they lack taste. But 64 bit support has nothing to do with it.
Honestly I may sign up for this. The international friendlies are worth it to me, they can be difficult to find a stream for. Particularly now that they are no longer just friendlies. UEFA Nations League. Also catching a Zlatan game from time to time.
It's all in the wrist.
I dunno, deamed a dangerous play?
I don't think he's lying either. But I think he is trying to play mind games and score easy points against Mou by repeating Raliolas bs. He's obviously trying to unsettle Mou and his players prior to the Derby. And it comes off as cheap.
delete this nephew 
For mobile phones yes, not for desktop and laptop computers though.
sprained ankle.. he played after it happened in the same game as well, I guess it had swollen after the game. 
*Apple is going to in 2 years scale their graphics to the level of Vega and beyond, and scale their CPU cores to the level of Zen. But it's impossible for Apple to use AMD's tech which is already there and will be even further along in 2 years.* Gimme a break!

Like I am not saying Kalamata will be using AMD's tech, but to dismiss it as a strong possibility is also pretty foolish. 

Why isn't Apple making their own 5G baseband chip if they are so bad ass, and why are they instead suing Qualcomm over them? 
Are you implying that there is no support for x86/64 in current windows 10? Because I am pretty sure there is.
3 pictures of the screen bezel not a single picture of the keyboard WTF.
> Look up what a fabric is.

Maybe you should look it up: https://i.imgur.com/G4fZj4i.jpg

> Then look up what a synonym is and read your statement "Nothing requires the bandwidth HBM requires so anything else would be easier if anything."

I stand by this statement. Look at Epyc and compare the bandwidth between Zeppelin dies to HBM2.

> Then understand that the people who actually work in the industry

I am a hardware engineer who works in the industry so?
They do. HBM2 in Vega reaches 84C.
> Your assertions on infinity fabric - this isn't an interconnect technology,

Infinity fabric is an interconnect technology. It's precisely what is employed in Epyc and Threadripper chips to "glue" multiple dies together and form a single CPU. Infinity fabric does other things as well, but an interconnecting fabric is its primary purpose.

> And then your assertion that HBM is more complex.

Huh? I never said HBM was more complex.

So you are just making shit up I guess. That's what I thought.


I will have you know that I am a hardware engineer. I have actually implemented soft core CPUs in FPGAs. What are your credentials, since that's so important?

> You can't e.g. stack 2 cores on top of each other, lower the frequency

I don't see why not, if your goal is more cores in the same space. The entirety of engineering profession is about compromises. This is exactly what HBM does. It trades frequency for parallelism (wider bus). 

They could even make the bottom layer turbo just like any non stacked die.. as the rest of the dies would just act like addition thermal mass in a heat spreader.

Let me guess. This stuff is really over your head and you're pretending it's more complicated than it really is. Yet you lack knowledge to really give me a good argument why stacking CPUs or GPUs is any different from HBM in its actual implementation. I can tell you aren't a hardware engineering yet somehow you feel like you know more than me on this subject?
Not sure what parallelism has to do with the argument of the physical implementation of stacking dies. Also I don't think you're right there either. Some software scales near perfectly with additional cores. GPU accelerators for instance scale near perfectly with the number of compute units.
I understand. However the solution is identical. (lowering clocks and voltage to allow for stacking, same thing HBM does)
Please do point out what's not related.
These guys aren't machines. They have feelings. If a city and fan base embraces them and they along with their family feel good in that city, than that obviously plays a part in the decision to stay in that City.

Loyalty and players like that is rare, but look at the example of Totti from As Roma (soccer I know). The man could have played for any team in the world, he was one of the best players in his position. And yet he decided to stay his entire life playing for his Roma, missing out on tons of silverware. 

But then you look at how AS Roma and the City of Rome feel about Totti, and you begin to understand. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RAqXNjaj9eo
Nothing requires the bandwidth HBM requires so anything else would be easier if anything. 

Also where timing is an issue they wouldn't be splitting those parts obviously. No one is going to split L1 cache for instance from a core. 

On the AMD side everything can be connected via Infinity Fabric. Stacking or MCM doesn't matter.
I like Balotelli and I wish him the best but he's really not a type of player you can count on, I mean he's been problematic for every team he's played for. We need dependable players, we have too many players with streaky form and injury records who are not available for every game. Also from my memory he tends to be too selfish in front of the goal.
I understand that perfectly. But that's not my argument. My argument is that stacking those chips should be no different than stacking HBM, in terms of technical difficulty.

If you tell me they need to be dipped into liquid helium than I would agree that it would be harder, but they don't. They are stacking them the same way they stack HBM.
Heat is an issue for both. Someone suggested that it is harder stacking non HBM dies and I contend there is no difference. The same thing has to be done for both. A lower thermal target has to be set. There is no difference in the level of technical challenge, as you can set any clock/temp target for any compute/logic or DRAM block. So my point stands, unless you are saying Intel somehow managed to make their silicon run less hot at the same frequency as before stacking.

>  but there's no point in putting only 1 stack because you pay for the interposer anyway so you might as well stack them.

Not necessary true. In fact we will begin seeng more and more chiplet designs, since it's a way to improve yields on more demanding and more expensive new fab processes. 
That's not what she said. 
You do know power consumption is easy to control? I really don't see what's so difficult about that. They can target any temperature they want with today's chips.

HBM does the same thing in fact. It's clocked a lot lower than the competing gddr.

Also lol at being downvoted for dispelling myths.
Most appropriate response in the whole thread.
Not sure why it would be more complex. HBM has a wide bus so if it can be done with DRAM and memory controllers which are also part of the HBM stacks I don't see why it couldn't be done with anything else.
HBM is 3D stacked.
One thing you should do before attempting to AB test is volume match your sources. Not sure how you're going to do that with DACs, but you probably need some sort of an adjustable attenuation. As any difference in volume will throw off any testing you're doing.
The ending was fun, and we learned Baldwin is a real deal. 
Holy shit, what a comeback!!
WTF is going on.
Holy shit 5 pt game.
That looked pretty painful.  He's alright though he made a ft.
Bring Chief in.
Coooooours banquet. 
https://www.jdslabs.com/products/151/the-element/

And Rockets miss a 3.. finally.
Baldwin's two back to back steals were so sweet.
Nurk has been great.
Our shooting has been abysmal lately.
Koss KSC75 are great for what they are but they offer zero isolation. Also while they do have pretty nice mids and highs, they aren't going to rival the sound quality and detail of KZ ZS6.
> i have some kz zs6 currently , got them for 25 $ and i think they are amazing , im just looking for an upgrade over these.

You're going to have a hard time getting an upgrade over KZ ZS6.. particularly if you enjoy their a bit odd shaped response curve. The driver and build quality is just insane for 25 euro.  perhaps the upcoming KZ ZS10? But I haven't heard them yet.
If it's for car use do you really need a long battery life? Anyways.. I ordered a xDuoo X3 DAP ([$78 on ebay](https://www.ebay.com/itm/XDUOO-X3-HiFi-Lossless-Music-Player-MP3-OLED-Display-Support-Two-Max-128G-TFCard/252812382827?epid=874673795&hash=item3adccad26b:g:eQAAAOSwzgBYx5EV)) that should be arriving this week.

It's a cheap and basic DAC that has 8 hours battery life. The stock firmware on it sucks, but Rockbox is supported (which is why I am getting it).

I plan on using it for travel as well, and extend its battery life with those USB power bricks.
Could be your cables or Magni 3.

You could try JDS Element.


Magni3 + Modi2 is what I would go with again if I had the choice. The fact that they match and stack plus you really can't do better for the price. I also own Vali 2 and sometimes I switch my Magni 3 for some tube goodness. 

I also own the Topping D30 which is highly regarded DAC but can't tell a difference between Modi 2 and it. Also Modi 2 has EQ settings in the Windows driver at least so you can change EQ somewhat, without needing additional software (on Windows at least).
dt 770 have a lot of bass. They are a closed headphone though so the sound is more in your face. 

Personally even though I own them and I like their sound quality a lot I would stay away from the Hifiman.. the quality of the build is pretty bad.


I love how he says, "Thank you" in the end.. after completely losing it.
When can we expect baby Campfire Comets?
Sure they care. Have a nice day.. you have no idea what you're talking about.
Yes I understand what you're saying. But you are clueless and you are wrong. Performance absolutely matters.
These TVs are 120hz.. close enough.
Did you read the article?

> The 2018 QLED LCD TV models, as well as the mid-range NU8000, will support refresh rates up to 120 Hz at a **Full HD resolution**
My next TV I guess.
I had a 1.33Ghz T-bird Gentoo workstation. Damn that thing was a beast for the time period. All my co-workers were jelly.
I have but it doesn't account for the fact, that the new process has more production steps (more opportunity for contamination). And the fact that the defects are twice as big in comparison to features. So a defect that previously just nicked a transistor junction may now completely damage it.
You responded to a comment with that penalty shout in it: https://streamable.com/0xvrm

https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/89t9x1/dzeko_the_referee_had_to_have_to_courage_to_award/dwtyylv/

I am talking about that same penalty.
The yields shrink with the die shrink as well. Part of being able to die shrink is additional production steps required. Every single one of those new production steps lowers yields (more potential for things to go wrong, more contamination possible).

Also due to smaller feature size a tiny defect which wasn't an issue on say 14nm can now be an issue on 7nm.
Many of the GPU innovations in the Radeon line of products we've seen in recent years come from those ventures though.

Some of those feature sets get requested and worked on by AMD on the request from Sony for instance. Which is included in the upfront fees. 
If this is true, I think this is the reason why AMD amended the WSA to be able to use multiple fabs on their GloFo designs. 
> If imagination can prove Apple is violating patents (their or nvidia), they could team up and go after Apple. The payoff would be massive.

All Apple needs to do is license GPU tech from AMD. I doubt AMD would ask a lot and Apple would be covered with a patent shield. I mean they already have a good working relationship and this could be what's happening anyways.
Messi's Barcelona is one of the best teams in the world. No shame losing to them. We already got further in the competition than anyone expected. Also in soccer you never know. Chances are slim to none, but the return leg could still be fun.
If you look at both angles.. you'll notice he got kicked from behind just above his knee, causing him to trip himself. I don't think he could have scored (which is why it should have been a penalty).

He did try to make a meal out of it though but it was a legit penalty shout.
lol, we do, but this time we got money (from getting this far into CL), so maybe it doesn't come to that. Although, we do have to secure the next year's CL spot.
Nonsense.. clock and IPC are the performance. Performance matters very much. 

Even hosting benefits from single thread performance. Single CPU VMs are quite common, and many interpreted languages benefit from single thread performance because they aren't that easily threaded. Lookup Python GIL limitations for instance.

I work in this field. I worked with one of the founders of CloudFlare actually.
We say that every year and then we sell one of our best players. This upcoming window we may not have to sell one of our important players.
He was not touched lightly.. his skin folded from the contact. https://i.imgur.com/EjgUbR5.png
A dive is when someone goes down on nothing. There was clearly a pretty substantial contact. So by definition it can't be a dive.
He gone
It shows Dzeko getting hit just above the knee, in the hamstring. You can even see his skin fold due to the impact. The only way to miss it is if you're consciously trying to miss it.
You know American cars actually sell really well in China. Way to fuck that up. GM sells most cars there.
Far Cry 5 is actually fun. Cuphead I couldn't even play on my computer because it was broken. Nothing I tried worked to get my keyboard controls working on that game.. 
Not only is the game fun. It actually runs and looks great. The engine doesn't use proprietary Gameworks junk to artificially slow down GPUs that aren't the latest generation Nvidia.
Clock boost is its main selling point. That's where most of the performance uplift is coming from.
That's like the worst angle possible to see what actually happened.. the kick happens on the exact opposite side:

https://i.imgur.com/EjgUbR5.png


I think he was hit hard enough to lose balance to be honest. Because he received a kick on the weight bearing leg. He did exaggerate his fall but I don't think he could have scored. 
> No, it just allows you to cram more instructions executed per clock.

x86 CPUs also have the highest clocks. Which means they have the highest absolute single threaded performance. There is a lot of software which benefits from fast single thread performance. Adding more cores is easy.
Players have to go down or else they will never get a penalty call. 
SMT doesn't improve single thread performance. Having tons of weak cores is nothing special.
We don't need much to be able to challenge for Scudetto next season. If we can improve our midfield some, we're almost there. If Dzeko can lead Roma to a Scudetto then I think he can become one of the legends to wear the jersey.
Power9 is also slower than x86. https://www.phoronix.com/scan.php?page=article&item=power9-epyc-xeon&num=3

By a lot. Power9's only saving grace is excellent multi-threaded performance and IBM services. 

You seriously underestimate how fast x86 really is. It's like a decade ahead in IPC. 
With a trade war nothing is stopping them from just manufacturing the originals and selling it as real. They make everything anyways. We have barely any electronics manufacturing in the US.
That's just the thing. If you're not hyped for AMD you're not paying attention. 7nm Zen2 is going to rock.. and ER and fundamentals are only getting better.
They only thing keeping China from stealing IP from US companies is our trade deals. Once we enter a trade war with them, then we're really screwed. 
> but we do fear Trump,SHIT

Well the whole market is vulnerable to that. If the market crashes, everyone's going to be hurting, doesn't matter which stock you're in.
Not really, otherwise Bulldozer would have had some sort of a market share.

When you account for retooling costs in engineering time, no way this is a cheaper proposition. 

Nice proof of concept though to see how far ARM has come. Not far enough though.

ARM has to be actually faster in IPC than x86 to overtake it. It's not even close when it comes to general computing tasks.
Roma scored, and had 2 penalty shouts. 
Well I disagree, I think we've been mediocre in the league, particularly when it comes to breaking down defenses. But in CL we've been far from mediocre.
People voting for Trump understand economy even less than Trump. To them he's a genius the same way to ants a dog is a genius. 
Lol not even close.. those x86 cores are like 30 times faster.
Meh, looks like just bunch of weak ARM cores put in a server form factor. Nothing special really.  Waste of 10nm wafers if you ask me.
ARM has long was to go: https://blog.cloudflare.com/content/images/2017/11/go_pub_key_all_core.png

It's using too much power for that abysmal of a performance. That's the only actually valid CPU benchmark as all others seem to be IO bottle-necked due to having fixed hardware functions.
> Centriq supports hypervisors just as well as EPYC and Xeons.

There is no VMware ESX on ARM.. they may support open source hypervisors but those are for ARM VMs. There are many appliances that only run on x86. ARM has a long ways to go.
It was absolutely a penalty. Dzeko clearly receives a hit in the back of his weight supporting leg as he's trying to strike the ball. There was no other intention from the defender than to impede Dzeko's strike: https://i.imgur.com/EjgUbR5.png
https://i.imgur.com/EjgUbR5.png

He receives a hit on his weight supporting leg.
If you receive a knee hit in the hamstring from behind while you're trying to strike at goal, it's a penalty. Yes.
I too thought it was too soft. Until people started calling this a Dive. So I analyzed it closely. I am now even more convinced it's an actual penalty than when I watched the game.
By the way Dzeko's skin gets compressed from the hit he receives.
You see the skin area that's been compressed from the impact. Perhaps it would help to watch the video: https://streamable.com/0xvrm

It's in the 20th second.
Actually it wasn't even a light contact. I think the angle is just tough to see in the video. You can even see Dzeko's skin fold in the area contact happened: https://i.imgur.com/EjgUbR5.png

I initially thought it was too soft to be called a penalty, but on the 2nd look this should have 100% been a penalty.
Clear contact.. like not even a light contact, you can see Dzeko's skin fold just above the knee in the lower hamstring area from the impact: https://i.imgur.com/EjgUbR5.png

Dzeko may have oversold it a bit, but it's a penalty.
Are you blind mate? Do you not see him getting hit in the hamstring from behind? 20th second.. look at Dzeko's hamstring.

I understand calling this a soft penalty. I called it a soft penalty in the game thread. But calling it a dive is a bunch of amateur bullshit. Is he not supposed to go down on a clear contact?

Look.. Dzeko's skin even folds from the impact: https://i.imgur.com/EjgUbR5.png
But if the contact hasn't happened yet in that screenshot than it's a penalty even more so. Because Pelegrini and the ball are even further in the box passed this point.
So? It's a manner of speaking.. typing. I've seen Dzeko and Strootman slip multiple times.
Do you realize no goals would ever be scored if that was allowed? You're saying you can foul players in the box.
Fall if he's tripped on a goal scoring opportunity yes.
It's not about being a bitch it's about fair play. He got tripped on a goal scoring opportunity. He should have gotten a penalty.
Do you not see Dzeko getting hit in the hamstring? How can you call that a dive? Seriously. Watch the clip 20th second. He was clearly tripped by it.
Dzeko had slipped like 5 times in that match. So have other players. It affects taller players more.
EDF did everything right. We get a pen call on the early Dzeko incident, it would have been a different game.

Own goal mistakes aside. I am pleased with the performance (not the result obviously).
That was a penalty or the ref should have booked Dzeko for diving. Now I do understand it's a soft penalty so I am not complaining, but it could have easily been a penalty. People denying it just haven't seen all the angles. (https://youtu.be/2EyVCAeGOCM?t=21)

Without the infringing contact Dzeko gets a shot on goal. Simple as.

https://streamable.com/0xvrm 20th second he clearly gets impeded by a hit on the back of his leg (hamstring area). Clear as day.

edit: lol you can even see Dzeko's skin fold where the contact happens as he's trying to strike, in a low res photo: https://i.imgur.com/EjgUbR5.png
It's still a penalty, because without contact he would have had a shot on goal. 
He's supposed to do that on contact, what are you talking about? Do you even follow football?
Own assist.
I swear Camp Nou is drenched with water.. all our players are slipping like crazy. 
Dzeko!!!!! we just need one more to be back in the game.
This is not over yet boys..
Holy shit so close.
We just need to score in the other team's net now.
Ok, lets not fall apart now. We're not Juventus. We can stills score one or two and make it a game.
Own goals should count as away goals :P
Another Own Goal.. can't make this up.
For every time Messi acts in fair play fashion there is always Jordi Alba to counter balance for cuntiness. 
Yes, this is one of the reasons why he's so universally liked, besides just his skill.
All in all, good 1st half. Unfortunate own goal, but that's always a given playing Messi.
Penalty! Free kick.. just outside I guess.
the dreaded Own Goal.
At least we're not playing mighty Liverpool.
Messi trying to dribble 4 players and almost succeeding.. fml.
Barcelona player so petty. Wanting a yellow for what?
How can we be so alert and disciplined one second and then totally nonchalant when it comes to clearing the ball. 
Dzeko could have stayed up, but a player has to go down in such situation as it should have been a valid pen. call.
Penalty on Dzeko.
Yes. Although no one is expecting IPC improvements since it's the same architecture with minor tweaks. Improved memory latency may improve IPC somewhat, but I wouldn't expect anything major.
He's no doubt one of the worlds best goal keepers. He could play for any team in the world and he wouldn't be out of place.
Well fuck. I mean in soccer there is always a chance for an upset but not without two crucial players.
Yup. Unfortunately you're right.
> Will move about the same pace as obama, 

Obama inherited a recession and a lot of that money want to bailouts to save companies like GM, big banks etc..

Trump inherited a recovered economy on the other hand, which continued to grow under him.

The middle class is disappearing.. which is a huge problem. This diminishes America's buying power .. which has been the main engine for economic growth. http://blogs.reuters.com/great-debate/2012/01/13/a-shrinking-middle-class-means-a-shrinking-economy/

The tax bill does very little to stimulate the middle class growth. 

The best way to actually see how much shrinking the middle class has done is by looking at sail boats. It used to be a good number of middle class families could afford a new sail boat for weekends. This is no longer the case. Even the smallest say Island Packet is beyond the reach of most middle class families: http://www.ipy.com/yachts/ip-349/  @ $279K.

Many sailboat builders have gone out of business due to this issue. Some of the most iconic boat builders no longer exist (Southern Cross, Cal Yachts to name a few), simply because America has lost the buying power to sustain that industry.
I am going to be intellectually honest as I always try to be. And I am going to say that making provisions to give companies incentives to bring overseas money in is a good thing. And if some of that money ends up in the pockets of employees even better.

Yes, not all ideas republicans have are bad, just how not all ideas democrats have are good.

However one of the major problems we have in America is the growing class disparity between the ultra rich and the disappearing middle class. And frankly I think the tax just exacerbates that problem long term. The tax gives too many provisions to already rich, we already know trickle down doesn't work, the deficit will skyrocket as a result of it. Which means yet more pressure on our future generations.
You mean the tax break? That's been tried before by the Bush administration and the impact was minimal. Not to mention it took us right into a major recession. Just how it's minimal with Trump's tax break.

Look at the projected deficit as a result of tax brakes though. https://www.zerohedge.com/sites/default/files/images/user5/imageroot/2017/04/19/CRFB%20debt%20chart.jpg

We've been trying the same idea under every republican president and not once did it actually spur economic growth as advertised by the proponents of trickle down economics. All it's done is ballooned our deficit each time. Our GDP has consistently had better performance under Democratic presidents which is even more impressive considering, for instance in Obama's case that he inherited a mess from the Bush administration.

https://fortunedotcom.files.wordpress.com/2014/07/screen-shot-2014-07-29-at-11-05-52-am.png
That's a good shout actually: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwaxS5_9z9I
It's them alternative facts again. They don't. http://www.businessinsider.com/kansas-experiment-with-tax-cutting-failed-on-its-own-terms-2017-6
Proof is in the pudding as they say.. and the history has shown that Democrats known a lot more about economy than the Republicans who have frankly been abysmal at it. Not just in terms of presidents. Just look at disastrous state level politics like the one that was tried in Kansas recently.
You are talking about communism.

I happen to believe that progressive capitalism is the only kind of society that can work. It's the kind of society which runs on capitalism with a healthy dose of checks and balances and progressive science based investment in its people.
Reality has a liberal bias. So being true and leaning liberal are two in the same.
> I think they were unlucky to be down until the bicycle kick.

I agree, but giving up or losing the cool after being 2 down in the first leg is not good. 2:0 as we know is the hardest lead to keep in soccer. All they had to do was regroup and perhaps score one goal for a 2:1 and they would have had a chance in the 2nd leg, in which they would have had Pjanic. 3:0 goal advtantage is a tall order to surpass now in Bernabeu. 
Yeah.. I really couldn't believe I was watching the same defense. So disorganized. I mean it's also credit to Real Madrid, but even still I think your defense is normally much better than that. Ronaldo was given so much space to punish you.
People say that now, but back then when he played for City, Joe was pretty highly ranked goalkeeper. 
Mate, not taking anything against Ronaldo. But that Zlatan's goal we have never seen before and we may never see again. Whereas we've seen plenty of bycicle kicks in the box and we will continue to see them. Zlatan's goal is out of this world level of madmanism.
This DAC has filters and a tube Amplification stage.. so it will sound different on purpose.


They look a bit better from that angle.
Our shooting just cost us. We didn't actually play that bad other than that. 
Finally you miss a 3.
Lillard time.. afterburners on.
Man Collins can't buy a 3.. this is 3rd or 4th?
> Its easy for an optimize to recreate the loop from the sequence. 

You are again missing the point.. it's not about an isolated loop, it's about the context being lost. This is why it's pointless to argue with clueless people on the internet. Even when you go through effort of trying to teach them something new.. they still don't learn.
There you go Nurk. 
How many times has Aminu just popped out of nowhere to provide points when we needed it the most? Great player.
Can Serie A loan him out one season? Just about 5 teams for their matches against Juventus would do.
Nurk vs. Dirk.
Can't see Nurk leaving. I think he likes it too much at Portland to leave.
Humble Dame.. Dolla!
This is my favourite Blazer's jersey. Black on red.
Go Blazers!
Right, the OP is saying that Bloomberg didn't exclude x86 from being a posibility.
You're right. You can barely see it, but he is clapping. He's got black gloves on.
Juve fans [put some Respec on his name](https://youtu.be/4jLT7GQYNhI?t=12).
Should own goals be counted as away goals? :P
Who uses the right CMD button?
> and this might be a shock to you, but you can decompile machine code, you can convert it, optimize it, and compile it again to a new target. 

Wow.. wrong on so many levels.

As I said I've been programming assembly before you even existed (and I haven't been standing still since..). Of course you can decompile machine code. But it doesn't decompile back into original source code.. it compiles into what it thinks it's the appropriate pseudo source code. If you had ever "decompiled" and actually read this code then, you would have known that the decompiled code and the source code have nothing in common, they aren't even similar. There is a ton of context from the source code that gets lost once compiled into machine code.

> And this is your problem, your are out of touch with modern design and architecture.

But I am not. You on the other hand are completely out of touch with even the most basic of fundamentals of compilers and machine code.

> They dont compile directly to machine language,

Just because modern compilers have multiple front ends and various stages.. the result is still machine code. Machine code is what needs to run on bare metal. Once you change the bare metal the machine code needs to change. Machine code can only be generated from source code using the same tools it was generated in the first place, but this time for a different architecture.

What you're suggesting doesn't exist. Because it's the wrong way to do things. Let me give you an example so you can perhaps begin to understand (even though it will be over your head).

Say you have a simple loop in your source code.

      for(count = 1; count <= 100; ++count)
        {
            sum += count;
        }

A compiler may translate this into something entirely different. Compilers often actually do this and unroll the loops.. it could do bunch of adds instead. So your resulting code may just be 100 lines of:

    mov ecx, 0xsome_memory_where_count_is
    inc ecx
    inc ecx
    inc ecx
    # repeat 97 times.
    mov 0xcount, ecx

When a decompiler looks at this code what doesn't it see? That's right a loop. The loop is gone. This is just one of the most basic example of the context that gets lost when you compile code into machine code. But if a simple loop can be lost in translation, what do you think happens to other higher level paradigms? What happens to closures, objects, inversion of control?

Now you are not just porting code to a new ISA architecture, there are other things that are different.. DMA peripherals are different, interrupts are different, you need to be able to see the source code and understand it to port it to a different architecture. A computer can't do this automatically. And again no tool exists which can resolve these issues in reverse. This only gets solved in forward. Meaning you need source code. Or you need emulation.

> CISC CPU dont execute their code native.

Every modern CPU uses microcode.. but that's a layer below. We're talking about ISA. If you want to pivot on different things because you're loosing your argument than feel free. 
People who buy these don't have time to be writing reviews. Also not many of these get sold, since it's a niche application.
RM can attract top talent, they have the money as well. Ronaldo will be a big loss, but it's not going to be as big a loss as Messi will be for Barcelona.
Juventus gets to concentrate on the league.. sorry Napoli. lol
Juventus imploded. Abysmal defending to be honest.  5 Juventus players 3 RM players.. who do you leave wide open? Ronaldo.. lol
> OSX like windows 10 already run on ARM. 

Not the same image. You need Windows 10 specifically compiled for ARM to work with ARM devices. There is no MacOS that runs on ARM as far as I've seen so far. There certanly could be, but the current image Apple offers certanly would not be able to run on ARM. Just how Linux has been ported to pretty much any ISA you can think of.. you still need the image compiled for that particular ISA to be able to run it. We're talking about machine code here.

> All C# code already run on ARM native.

C# does not compile into machine code. It's object code, that runs in a VM. You can't just execute C# on a machine, you need the runtime CLR(VM). This is similar to Java. Not machine code. You need a specific ARM CLR runtime to run a C# application on Arm. And you need an x86 CLR runtime to run C# object code on x86. If most software you run on a computer was written in C# or Java than yes it would be easier. But most software isn't written in these languages. C/C++/ObjectiveC compiles into machine code.

> C++ code can be compiled to ARM very easily. 

Yes. Of course it can. It's SOURCE CODE. I am talking about MACHINE CODE.

> Anyways, you cant convince me that this is impossible.

Running binary machine code from one ISA on another ISA without some sort of emulation layer is impossible. 

> Please do a search for "decompiler" and also look at the definition of CIL 

CIL is Micorosoft term for what I've been referring to as object code.

You have no idea who you are talking to. I'we written compiles back in the early 90s.. before you were even born most likely. I am a subject matter expert on this topic. Apple cold hire me to write their emulation layer for instance.


Because newegg is a platform, it's free promotion. If someone is building a computer for video editing they aren't going to go to AMD's website.. they will do it all in one place NewEgg. They also may discover an AMD card on NewEgg. For someone to go to AMD's site directly they first have to know that particular GPU exists.
It's been available for awhile like 6 months or so. It was initially $7K. 
And you can buy the SSG today: https://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16814105088


> Its not porting. its binary translation / recompiling.

> Its different then instruction level emulation.

That's just it. No such thing exists.


> Yes, you can recompile binaries to another target.

Nope.

> Most compiler kind of work this way.

Nope, no compilers take binary machine code as an input.

> They have their own CIL 

You need source code to get CIL. You can't get CIL from machine code.


Apple can certainly recompile all their own software to run on ARM. As they have all the source coude. They will need to change a few things because they are targeting a different architecture from x86, but for the most part that's what they will have to do if they are switching to ARM. Even this is non-trivial, but it's feasible at least.
>  Apple only need to emulate application level x86. Its much simpler and allow tons of tricks including recompiling a binary.

It's much simpler than what exactly? You do realize they need the source code if they are going to port the code to ARM? They don't have source code for Adobe products.. or source code for Windows and every single x86 binary which today runs fine on a Mac inside a VM or via Bootcamp.

> You could see Apple providing a tools that takes x86 binary and recompile them to ARM. 

There are no such tools which "compile" binaries from one machine ISA to the other. You can only compile from one source code to machine. Not machine to machine. There are emulators which translate one ISA to the other, but they are incredibly slow. This is what they used when they switched from PPC to x86.. but back then x86 was much faster than PPC... here they will be going backwards in performance, also battery life is a much bigger issue today than back in early 2000s.. when most Macs were desktops.

> (they can tweak their ARM core adding commonly used sequences used in the translation)

Native execution of x86 instructions requires the x86 license. This is what Zen core does. It translates x86 instructions into AMD's own micro code. They can't do this without AMD or one of the other x86 license holders.

Apple will do one of 3 things:

- Switch to ARM.. providing the emulation layer for legacy x86 apps. This will only be a temporary solution, but if they switch to ARM they will discontinue x86 support. The emulation will only be a way to bridge the gap and make the transition easier. No more VM support for x86 windows and no more bootcamp.

- I think this might be the most likely outcome. I think Apple will tap AMD for a custom semi chip.. with both A and Zen cores. Like a dual core ARM A core and a 6 core Zen core chip should not take too much space and would let Apple do whatever they need on the Mac. While providing excellent performance/price and battery life.

- 3rd option could be just an x86 AMD custom semi APU like the ones used in consoles.
You are correct. However this is Apple. They could just ditch all the backwards compatibility. I mean many speculate that with iPad Pro they want to ditch MacOS entirely eventually. I think it would be a stupid move by Apple, because many folks like MacOS on x86 for its ability to run x86 software. But who knows.
> All the top OSX apps in 2020 can be ARM native

Sure everything can be ARM native but some applications will require porting. Adobe suite for instance.

Also say bye bye to running x86 VMs on your Mac. This is still a large use case for many developers who use Mac.. or just people who require a Windows VM from time to time. not having native x86 execution could cause a lot of issues with these folks. 

> Also emulation might not be the right word. its more of a "translation" in a similare way C# application execute on X86 CPU.

It's emulation. C# compiler generates object code. Apple has to run x86 machine code. That would be emulation. Without native x86 cores it would be incredibly slow.

Apple did something similar (Rosetta stone) when they switched from PPC to Intel. And even then it was really slow. But back then they were switching from a slower architecture to a faster one. This time they would be switching to a slower CPU. Also it made a lot of sense because x86 offered native compatibility with a lot more software (like running a windows VM).
They could still be tapping AMD for it in the form of custom semi.

One of the safety nets of switching to Mac is that you can use virtual machines to run Windows apps on Macs in case you have a Windows app that does not exist on Mac (surprisingly many scientific apps are still Windows only).

If Apple uses their own chip that means they will be switching from x86 to ARM. And this above will no longer be a possibility. Also PC games will be harder to port to Mac which is already a bit of an issue.

Apple could certainly say fuck it, and switch everything to ARM. But sticking with x86 via custom semi through AMD might be a more sensible approach. It would certainly be better for the end users.
I am assuming this is it: https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-04-02/apple-is-said-to-plan-move-from-intel-to-own-mac-chips-from-2020
There are far worse things happening in the world than people laughing at a funny sculpture.
I am not trying to be cruel to the sculptor, in fact I didn't know who he was until that recent video. I still think though that the original sculpture is hillarious.
Lol, thanks. I've been trying to figure out what's so offensive about what he did myself.
No woman is that hot
You should try being a soccer fan of any other team but the top 4 in the world. No amouny of money will let you legally watch their games. 
I understand giving kids stupid names sucks, but restricting what you can name your kid by having a list of approved names is also dumb.
Have you tried contacting KEF directly? They might be able to help you source the original cable.
Not often you see a ChiFi company going out of business. But it looks more like they are shifting resources to their parent company (BBK Electronics).
> Just started my (portable) Hi-Fi journey 

Brace yourself, world of IEMs is fascinating.. "stay in Wonderland, and I show you how deep the rabbit hole goes" is an apt quote when it comes to exploring hi-fi IEMs. 
Point still stands, we're in better FFP situation than we've been since the FFP started. Qualification to CL is €12.7.. and we are getting 80M for this season's performance already.
Same here with the bass, I think traditionally speaking many years ago it was not so easy stumbling on headphones which had tons of bass. So the first time I found a headphone with tons of bass I was blown away. Now days even the sub $30 IEMs can produce enough bass to turn your brain into mush. 

For me it progressed from there.. now I mainly appreciate detail and sound stage. I am still a bit treble sensitive so I generally look for a dark headphone with polite treble. I just love the laid back headphones that deliver subtle detail. Best example of this in my collection are Mad Dogs and Campfire Nova. 

With that said, there is something to be said when it comes to owning bunch of headphones with different characteristics. Some headphones which may not be great for certain types of music may sound great with other genres. And having different headphones with different strengths can be beneficial. I also find enjoyment in revisiting some of my favorite headphones I haven't heard in a while, particularly when it comes to newly discovered music. 

I think the biggest shift in recent times for me has been a shift towards more IEMs. It really started from when I first realized IEMs can actually deliver sound stage and detail of the large over the ear headphones. For some reason this wasn't obvious to me at first. And now that I have experienced great sounding IEMs, I just find the form factor much more comfortable for long listening sessions that they are slowly taking over my over the ear collection.
I can see that being an issue with high impedance sources. Luckily I don't intend on traveling with mine.. I am really bad about losing IEMs on the go so I don't dare take the more expensive ones on trips with me. So for the most part mine will be powered either from Magni 2 U or my Vali 2.
> The 2016 deal with GF was a joke

You mean the re-negotiated WSA to invest into early 7nm and get access to TSMCs 7nm fabs?

That has yet to play out, but something tells me it's far from a joke.
You're obviously entitled to your opinion. But I strongly disagree. I think she's amazing. She's making all the right moves, and keeping the company executing near flawlessly. 

She doesn't care about the short term, she's investing in future. I personally don't remember a time when AMD had better leadership. Nor do I remember the time when AMD was in a better position for growth.

Now as a long, I would like to see the stock higher, who wouldn't, but I am not worried in the slightest. The wallstreet doesn't see it. That's ok, there will come the time when they won't be able to continue denying that AMD is a different company from the AMD from just 2 years ago.
They made money in 2017, even if you look at the whole year. Also you know they are making even more money in 2018.
Man Grizzlies caught up quick without the A-team.
He gets the "don't judge the book by its cover award"
Leonard Smash!
Dame knows what I like!!! About damn time!!!
Stotts bringing the bow tie back.
Still can't believe he's gone :( 
That's really damn good. My favorite.
I am 100% sure he's staying. Nurk and this team are a perfect fit from both sides. He likes it here and we like having him.

I think early on there were some concerns regarding his injury record, but him losing weight I think makes that a non issue now.
Thanks dude!
There is no finite number of hours a pair of headphones should work. Ideally they should all last indefinitely.

It really depends on wear and tear of the physical aspects of headphones and their build quality. 

I've had IEMs die on me because I connected them to a too powerful of a source and I had the volume cranked to max (my Carbo Tenore). I've had headphones die on me because I stepped on them and broke them. 

If you take care of your headphones and you occasionally replace the pads, there is no reason they shouldn't last you as long as you live. 

Not all headphones are built the same though, some are prone to wear and tear more than the others. For instance I think my he 400i won't last me a long time, while my dt 770 should have no problem outliving me.
This is exactly the laptop I've been looking for. Centered keyboard, 14" is a good size, not too small, decent looks (not loud gaming or Apple copy cat looks), as long as the screen has good colors and angles don't care about low resolution, low resolution just makes things a pain in the ass for me. Would like a longer lasting battery but it's not a deal breaker for me.
I don't remember seeing that.
Can you buy one of those extended batteries with it? I am seriously considering this as my next purchase.
Not sure why you're being downvoted but you are correct.
They absolutely do.
Portland Nurk has never pouted. 
I fell of a bike once and hurt my tailbone.. I can confirm. Of all my injuries, it was the most painful one. And it took a long time to fully heal too, although he'll probably be able to practice fairly soon.
Well I got them and I tried them.. they are absolute shit. Not comply at all.. just straight foam. 
Every other post I make here gets downvoted at first. It ends up getting upvoted over time, but almost every time I post, the first thing that happens is I get downvoted. I've actually never seen this in any other sub.
Yeah because a tiger likes losing an eye, or being cut?
He would probably win but it wouldn't be without scars. Which is why he backs away.
Change it to an AMD GPU and it will be irresistible.
I just got mine, I've only had about an hour with them. So far they are quite good for the price. Also the sound stage is decent.

The only issue I am hearing really is the highs. They like to hiss, reminds me of 1more tripple driver. The hiss is less of an issue on my Magni 2 U than on my Moto Play Z. They are not piercing though, just odd sounding treble at times, that's all. One of the better sub $50 IEM I've heard so far. Seams pretty flat overall. 

The build is nice as well. The cable has that strong Chinese electronics odor but I guess it will go away at some point. The fit is great, the included large silicone tips work without issues with my ears. Also there is no pneumatic pressure to speak of, a definite plus!
I feel the same. I ditched my FF gear back in 2013 for m43 system.. and I've been happily shooting m43 ever since.
Good game until Celtics ran away with the points. 
I am going to admit I never thought of the horse logo that much to even wonder. But I knew about pistons/internal combustion engine/detroit connection. 
holy shit, what a terrible hit
She got [posterized](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Posterized). 
I see what you mean. I agree.
I fail to see how that makes them bad? Are you saying the dossier is fake? Because it's very much real. And being the first network to report on it should be commendable, no?
I have no idea what you just wrote.
CNN is also held to a much higher standard than Fox News.. they have actually fired journalists for getting the story wrong in the past. I hate their approach of sticking bunch of obvious trolls on a panel and having fake debates.. but they are nowhere near as bad as Fox News which is just clearly a propaganda wing of the republican party.

edit: lol at the down-votes.. https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/26/business/3-cnn-journalists-resign-after-retracted-story-on-trump-ally.html  

Please find me Fox News doing similar in the decades of pushing propaganda.

This is Fox news on the other hand: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dBGudMadlY0

Hannity still works there.
It's really not a bad little amp. 

I mean it's clearly a small production unit, garage brew (but that's cool to me anyways). 

0.4 ohm output impedance is excellent. Pretty good price for what you get.
Would have to be done in the headphones themselves right.

The data from source to headphones is digital so that means the DAC and analog amp has to be in the headphone.
Aye. The biggest difference with computer DACs is they tend to have a higher noise floor (not surprisingly due to interference). But if you don't experience it then a dedicated DAC is really not needed.
Yes. Pence would actually be more effective in accomplishing his fucked up agenda.
He clearly saved him for when we were tired for most impact. I am not sure it would have had the same impact if he started with Boban.
I think so too. 
Did Nurk dunk and cut out the video feed?
She's also in distress and doesn't look young.
I think he said this himself in one of his interviews.
Amps actually legitimately make a big difference in some cases. For instance when it comes to impedance mismatch:

Here check this out: http://reference-audio-analyzer.pro/en/report/amp/smsl-sap-VI.php

In particular: http://reference-audio-analyzer.pro/report/amp/smsl/smsl-sap-VI/SMSL_sAp%20VI_Center_-_No%20load_-_-_90_20-20k_-_amp_armature.png

That's the effect of output impedance being too high on an amp, and what it does to a single driver BA IEMs. The effect would be much worse on a multiple driver BA IEM since more drivers generally means lower impedance even. For instance Shure se846 have only 6 ohms impedance.

That graphs shows 4db higher highs.. your ear can tell 2db without issues, and many BA IEMs can develop sibilance when you boost highs like that.

So while I do agree that amps are supposed to be transparent and if everything is implemented correctly, when you don't have a impedance mismatch and when your amp has enough power to drive your headphones.. changing amps won't give you much noticeable improvement. But there are many headphones which do require low source impedance from the amp and a lot of power to be driven (like my Fostex T20rp are notoriously difficult to drive). Your mileage will vary though, depending on how good your existing source is.

I think DACs make very little difference personally, and any modern 24bit DAC if implemented correctly into the circuit will be indistinguishable.

With all that said, you really shouldn't worry about dedicated amps unless you have a collection of headphones which can benefit from it. Or you have a TOTL headphone that can benefit, or you have BA IEMs that could really use a clean low impedance source.

edit: lol at downvoting science..
Pizza flip or something?
Nothing easy around the rim with Jusuf nurking in the paint.
Honestly Nurk was just mismanaged in Denver. Everything points to it.
Nurkdunk!
This is just beautiful to watch.
Nice plays by Shabazz..
There you go, that's how it's done.. Collins..
That chick behind Stotts.. Borat voice Woo Wee Woo Waa
CJ so crafty.
I can understand that and I share the same frustration, but I still would rather he just improved and turned solid for us. I will support him as long as he's a Roma player.
Not a native support like this is.
She could also be ghasping for air. I dunno considering that she's you know.. drowning.
The fucked up thing is, he still might be better than Pence.
> To think some fans want him gone..

I never understood this attitude by some fans (it's usually a minority). But wanting players gone is just so weird to me. Even less important players but especially someone as important and as Roma as Raja is. 

I mean Bruno Peres is not my favorite player on the squad (because I think we can do better), but I still don't feel like I want him gone, I want him to do better (plus he kept us in CL with a clutch goal line save).
I find it pretty shocking actually that many Android phones don't have something as simple as R-L balance. As someone who hears 20% better one one ear than the other it drives me nuts.

There is a way to EQ and change the balance on your Android phone but it requires rooting. I can't think of any portable amps that have balance control either. This is one of the reasons I am getting a DAP.
It's better than relegation innit?
Bluetooth wireless technology is intrinsically disposable. The codecs become outdated, better wireless standards and versions come out.. etc. A set of Bluetooth headphones has a 3 year lifespan at most, due to the battery going permanently flat on them. Not to mention all the other limitations of having to cram all the electronics responsible for audio playback into headphones. This is why it makes little sense to release a summit-fi wireless headphone.

A wireless headphone also limits choice in terms of sources you can use. Some people like to pair their summit-fi headphones with tube amps. Can't do that with wireless.
You are not kidding. They have rewired my brain only to like them, and not enjoy any other IEM! Uncanny!
Even though Napoli plays beautiful football I just don't like Sarri. Could be his various dickish statements to press. I actually feel the same as Raja here.
The thing about Maldini is you can't even appreciate his genius just watching highlight compilations. Because his positioning was so world class that half the time he didn't even have to tackle or challenge the attacker. He'd just ping the ball or block the player because he was always in the right place.
and Only Fools and Horses.
Actually my bad, thought you had a 980ti.. sorry.
I wouldn't call se215 a bad sound quality. You can certainly do much worse. They are a bit dark and bass heavy, so if you're sensitive to that, go for HF5 perhaps.
Tennmak Pros.. don't have the pneumatic pressure you speak of, and it shouldn't hurt your ear. 
SHP9500s but they don't really offer any isolation. They are one of the best sounding headphones under $100 though. Heck, they even rival $200 headphones.
I mean it's Ramin Djawadi.. it outta be good.
Indeed. I went from initially being underwhelmed to staying up 2 hours late to listen to some more music with them last night.

The "polite treble" has me addicted. Will see how I feel about them in the next two weeks but they may be becoming my favorite pair of headphones (including all my overhead headphones even). 

I have the Spiral Dots I can try.. been just listening to SpinFits. Will give Spiral Dots a shot at some point.
Oh I am sorry, thought you were chiming in because it did. I guess it doesn't have anything to do with you.
> We're done compromising our rights away.

You haven't compromised shit. Compared to those parents who lost their kids.
We are not doing nothing. There has been 20 years of nothing. Time to do something, and the answer is absolutely yes.
You are not following. I have already explained multiple times what happens if two reference clocks drift in opposite directions.. this as an example can result in buffer starvation, which absolutely results in jitter. Think of a traffic jam, and the rubber banding that happens in traffic. The audio buffer is a fraction of the second.

> In other words, the problem is that of how clean the implementation is, rather than strict accuracy of clock.

Clean as opposed to what? Please do elaborate.
Clock instability and general clock mismatch due to drift are only sources of jitter. There would be no jitter if both the computer source and the DAC used the same stable clock. 

>  The snapshot of measurements is less than a second.

The entire buffer is only a fraction of the second too.
This brightened up my day, even though it's a work day. 
SMSL sAp VI is alright. If I am reading the measurements correctly the output impedance of 10.2 ohm isn't the best, but for most over the ear headphones it will do fine. Where it might not cut it are multi driver balanced armature driver IEMs, which often require super low output impedance.

source for measurements: http://reference-audio-analyzer.pro/en/report/amp/smsl-sap-VI.php
> The Schiit modi 2 runs in asynchronous mode over USB. 

Virtually all USB DACs run in isochronous mode with asynchronous feedback. I could be mistaken, but that's my understanding of how most of them implement USB audio. There is actually no such thing as asynchronous mode, there is  control, interrupt, bulk, and isochronous. Isochronous is used for audio playback. 

> Async means that USB is used as a data pump and runs faster than real-time as needed. It fills a buffer inside the DAC (device). The DAC (chip) then has a fixed clock and fetches data as it needs it (in real-time). So it does not need to have a PLL to lock to incoming USB stream.

It depends on the implementation but a manufacturer can do one of two things. One is as I explained derive the sample playback "clock" from the speed at which samples are being sent by the host. The other way is the way you're hinting at which is.. the DAC sends feedback to the host to speed up or slow down the sample rate based on its local clock. I've worked on some MCU implementations which don't rely on this method, but instead just speed up or slow down DAC clocks based on the incoming sample rate.

My point however stands, based on your source and DAC manufacturing differences between crystals used you could measure higher jitter or lower jitter between idential pieces of equipment. Because crystals used in this gear drifts and flutters. You could have a crystal in the computer and DAC drift in the same direction for instance based on tempco, or you could have them drift in opposite directions, in which case jitter figures will look worse for the DAC with the drift in the opposite direction just purely based on luck.
Not sure what's strange about that. The mids are smooth and offer plenty of detail. There are no sharp sounds, or bloated bass which can be tiring. The IEMs are laid back and smooth, with the emphasis on mids. For instance V-shaped KZ ZSR with recessed mids are some of the most tiring IEMs I like. Same can be said for m50x and dt770, very tiring headphones.
I just cancelled my Hulu.. I don't use any of the other services.
Right, but do you not see a potential for measurement differences there?

Let's standardize on a most common 12Mhz crystal driven PLL. As we know oscillator crystals drift, and there are manufacturer differences and tolerances. 

Say your computer's 12Mhz source is actually running at 11.990Mhz. And Schiit Modi 2 in your tests runs at 12.010Mhz.

Since there is no clock syncing in USB's isosynchronous mode.. Modi 2 will run a bit faster than the computer source sending the PCM datastream. This means that Modi 2 will risk getting buffer starved periodically and will have to slow down its play back (resulting in jitter).

Another Modi 2 with a different crystal could be running just as slow as a computer close to 19.910Mhz and will experience almost no jitter.

There are ways to mitigate this jitter somewhat.. for instance increasing the buffer, and keeping long living statistics (but this comes at a price like latency), as well as adjusting the clock based on USB sample rate.

Topping D30 could genuinely be smarter about keeping long statistics and using a bigger buffer. But the difference in jitter could also just come down to manufacturer tolerances of crystal oscillators.  

Hope that makes sense.

One way to troubleshoot this would be to get a high quality clock source (Rubidium standard, GPS disciplined clock or even a good TCXO) reference a scope to it and compare the sample rate the DAC chip is getting with the clock of the local oscillator in the DAC.

Ideally instead of using a computer as the USB host, you'd want to use a test JIG capable of varying the sample rate sent to DACs and determine their susceptibility to jitter by being able to fully simulate different conditions. I realize this is beyond the voluntary work you're providing to the community. But it's always important to know all the limitations of testing being done.
No goal posts here. How are yours?
There is also a difference between a closed source you can't do anything to, and open source you can contribute patches to. 
There is a difference between being able to see code and something being open source. Tons of people get access to see source code for Windows, it doesn't make it Open Source.
It is NOT open source. Also: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYWzMvlj2RQ
Have you even looked at their github? They released a few select libraries just to look like they are OpenSoruce, majority of what's gimping performance is still very much a black box.

https://github.com/NVIDIAGameWorks
I will never not bitch and moan about vendor lock ins and black box technology in 2018+. Nvidia is literally the Microsoft of the 90s.
They do, most reviewers disable Gameworks features when they benchmark games even on Nvidia hardware.
Fiio E10K is a good entry point I can recommend. 
He's right though. TressFX works better than Hairworks on all the GPUs. Just because your latest gen Nvidia GPU is least impacted doesn't mean Hairworks isn't shit.
> People keep saying this shit but I have no issues running Gameworks titles whatsoever, and even if I did I could just turn them off.

What is the point of this comment? The person you're replying to said:

> AMD optimized games work good on all GPUs.

Nothing you wrote disagrees with his assessment. It's Gameworks performance on AMD cards that's the issue. 

It's the fact that AMD's Open Source TressFX runs well enough on any GPU even Nvidia's older hardware. While Hairworks only runs well on Nvidia's latest and greatest.
Not all headphones are created equal. I've definitely had some that didn't last very long. But no usually they should last you a long time. Heck I know of headphones which have lasted multiple generations of owners.
Ask me again in a week or so, as I should get the Tin Audio T2's which I heard great things about. 

But so far my list of ChiFi IEMs which punch way above their price tag is:

- Rock Zircons: Dual dynamic driver beast of an IEM. Natural sounding with an emphasis on bass. Bass may be too heavy for some also they suffer from pneumatic pressure which can be uncomfortable.

- KZ ZS6: This IEM isn't for everyone as its tuning is all over the place. In some songs can sound quite unnatural. It's a 4 driver hybrid 1 Dynamic Driver and 3 Balanced Armature per ear. It packs some serious punch when it comes to detail it can reproduce. If tuning was better it would easily rival $500 IEMs. Alas I use mine with a tube amp to help tame its tuning some. The bass on this IEM is some of the best I've heard. It is tuned right and because it's back ported it does not rely on pneumatic pressure which makes it pretty non tiring for listening bass heavy music.

- KZ ZSR: This one is very similar to the ZS6 in its sound.. It's more V shaped though but overall more natural sounding (for a KZ headphone, which means they are still a bit all over the place and can be quite sharp). Not a bad entry into KZ headphones.

- BGVP SGZ-DN1 / NICEHCK Bro / Yinyoo Pro (same headphone sold under different names): Pretty decent overall dual driver IEM. 1 dynamic driver and 1 balanced armature. They are a bit large so people with smaller ears may have issues with the fit.

- Tennmak Pro: dual dynamic driver IEM. Very comfortable, non fatiguing dual dynamic driver IEM.. most natural sounding of the lot but it can lack detail in the upper frequencies. This is my go to non-distracting IEM I use for work. I did a review of them few days ago: https://www.reddit.com/r/headphones/comments/87fa2f/my_review_of_tennmak_pro/
MD+ is just an overall great IEM, like there is nothing MD+ does badly. So MD+ will have a much broader appeal. 

At the same time though there is no particular characteristic that stands out about MD+. It's just an overall solid IEM, that does everything right, this quality is its biggest weakness. Everything sounds as it should, and there are no surprises. It can be a bland listening experience, to no fault of its own.

Nova with its mid forward signature can sound quite underwhelming in some songs, but where this complements the song and where its tuned chamber resonates and sound stage perks up it can be a pretty unique experience.

I like MD+ but I am going to spend more time listening to Nova. It keeps growing on me and it's unlike anything I've heard before.

Where MD+ extends quite wide from sub bass to sparkly heights, Nova is much more old school in its approach, it cares about the meat of the song but can truly deliver some amazing experiences in that regard like I've never heard a headphone do.

Probably the best way to describe the difference is when I first got my MD+ I heard a few songs and being satisfied with what I heard I just used it like it was any other IEM to listen to my daily music. It didn't make me go back through my library to try all the different music with it, like you just know what to expect from it. Nova actually made me go back and listen to some music I haven't heard in ages because it has this fresh new sound I have not heard before, and as such I think it will have a special place in my collection.
"Put the camera down and end this bamboozle!"
> People are attempting to make semi-automatic weapons illegal.

This proposal has nothing to do with making semi-automatic weapons illegal. We are talking about assault weapons (which isn't the majority of weapons on the market).

> The only effect Australia's gun control measures have done is to stop mass shootings...possibly.

I assume you're against mass shootings? Then we should do it!
> It will have very little effect on the problem. 

I disagree, which is why I'm a proponent of their plan.

> While taking away the rights of millions... Which is a large effect on legal gun owners.

I don't see how it's taking the rights away. You can still own majority of guns on the market. It's maybe encroaching on your hobby to own certain guns, but I wouldn't call that a right, more of a luxury.

> And wanting to "do something" is exactly why poor legislation like this is passed. 

Similar legislation has worked in other places like Australia. It is high time to do something, anything. 


I disagree that it will have very little effect. But if he thinks it will have a very little effect then, I don't see why he has an issue with the proposal.

My point being is. It's time to do something about school shootings. Doing nothing isn't exactly working either.
> Obama did that. The CDC found guns prevent far more crimes than they cause and save far more lives than they take.

Then I don't see an issue then if more funding is given to CDC for more research.

> Any buisness in the US had to keep up with its inventory for tax puposes and the ATF does random inspections.

Then what's the issue?

> These checks exist. There is no way to monitor sales between private individuals. You going to put cameras in my brother's living room for when he gifts me a rifle?

Legal repercussions. If I sell a car I present a title to the buyer, and everything is registered via state. Works for cars, don't see why it can't work with guns. Selling a gun without going though proper registration can be a felony. 

> Great way to put law abiding citizens at a disadvantage to criminals. What if Stephen Willifurd had a magazine limit?

Everything he did he could have done with a magazine limit. 

> There is not set definition of "assault rifle" or "weapons of war." This is meaningless. Most gun deaths in the US are from pistols.

Don't see how this is an issue. We have a set definition for assault weapon. The ban that was lifted in 2004. Also it works for Australia and other countries without problems.

None of your points are show stoppers for this plan to be enacted.
Sounds like you should be fine with their proposal then. I don't see a reason not to try it. Especially since as you claim some of those are already not an issue.
Not a bad little DAC/amp.
They are *literally* not saying that at all.

Their plan is fairly simple and not overbearing at all:

https://marchforourlives.com/how-we-save-lives/

In fact their plan is largely compatible with the 2nd amendment according to the courts: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2018/03/26/the-courts-say-the-parkland-kids-agenda-is-largely-compatible-with-the-second-amendment/?utm_term=.b184aa2917a7
Should be fine either way, but a UPS will only not produce the mains power sine wave when the inverter is on or when the power is out. Under normal conditions when the power is on you are just getting mains power.
This is normal. Tennmak Pros are much more sensitive than your M40x.. which is why the noise floor is audible on Tennmak Pros.

A dedicated DAC/Amp will generally have a much lower noise floor and won't be audible even with sensitive headphones like IEMs.
Speak for yourself. I own guns, and I think more gun laws are needed. I fully support the Parkland kids.
Also when Totti made his debut, Dzeko was dodging shells and snipers in the Siege of Sarajevo as a 7 year old.
My last 5 builds were all Gigabyte motherboards. Fuck you Gigabyte. It's Asrock from now on.
Sure, np.

> but more surprised that a widely recommended IEM even for $100 is noticeably less clear.

se215 is a single dynamic driver IEM, it is a much darker IEM, with an emphasis on bass. They are widely recommended for their sound isolation, lock-in secured comfort, natural sound and being non fatiguing for starting artists who perform on the stage. They really aren't a "critical listening" audiophile IEM.

Campfire Nova is an aluminum milled, dual balanced armature driver IEM, with 3D printed chambers tuned particularly for critical listening.

If I were playing say a bass guitar and needed an IEM to monitor my performance on stage, I would take se215 over Campfire Nova in a heartbeat.

> What replaced the Nova? Polaris?

Yes I believe so.
Yup, I only noticed it once I saw the picture on the screen. Ah well.. They must have picked up the fiber from the pouch they come with, I hadn't even tried them yet when I took the picture.
heh, I can confirm they do ;) Although I don't have comfort issues with ZS6 either.
Yes, they are only available from b-stock. They have been discontinued and once the b-stock runs out you won't be able to get them other than on the 2nd hand market. 

se215 is a different IEM entirely. For one these have much more detail also an airier more open sound, as well as a great sound stage, which is a characteristic of higher quality headphones. se215 can sound muffled by contrast.

I will fully admit as I hinted in the review, these can sound pretty darn mediocre on some songs, and yet on other songs they can simply be jaw dropping. I don't think I've heard a headphone with a dual nature like this before. They are very picky when it comes to mastering. Would probably recommend them to those looking for monitors for sound production, if for anything but to QA their mids.

I am listening to some old Dire Straits (Communique album) stuff right now for instance, and they are performing flawlessly, providing great sound stage, and the detail I've never heard before in these songs.

Are they worth $300? Like I said when paired with music which suits them they sound sweet, worth every penny and more even. The build quality is top notch, the cable alone sells for $140 (although I think it's overpriced personally, the cable is good but not $140 good).

> Also still pretty expensive when I could get a pair of HD6XX for less and they're not as portable but still powered fine off my phone.

I think it's much harder to find sound stage and natural but detailed sound in IEMs than in over the ear headphones. Even though there are some very competently built sub $100 Chi Fi IEMs, they usually lack the tuning and detail that their premium A brand cousins have. Also Sennheiser makes 100s of thousands of headphones, while Campfire is a small hand made run boutique shop. These are not mass produced headphones. So they command a premium on that fact alone.
On my quest to find a dark but detailed IEM, I stumbled on the polarizing IEM, the Campfire Nova. My searches on this sub returned mostly negative reviews of this IEM. While reviews on head-fi were all positive in terms of sound quality, some complained about the comfort, but just like all the other Campfire IEMs that's either an issue or it isn't.. depending on your ears and tips you use.

First let me address the comfort issue. With SpinFit tips I find this IEM perfectly comfortable with my ears, even more so than the knockoff designs like KZ ZS6, further reinforcing my desire to get the flagship Vega.

Let's talk about the sound. Even after I prepared myself mentally not to expect to be blown away given some negative reviews I read, these still underwhelmed a bit on the first listen. They are the most mid forward IEMs I own. Which with some songs, particularly those with over-processed vocals can sound quite distorted. Because the mids and in particular upper mids dominate this IEM, if the mastering of vocals is poor, the result overall will be pretty underwhelming. I double checked what I was hearing on a to me well known and properly mastered song "Alice and Chains - Nutshell", and the late  Layne Style sounded as good as I had remembered.

After being underwhelmed initially I had started to warm up to this IEM as I continued to explore my music library. Jazz and acoustic performances particularly shine. Perhaps the mental burn-in was taking place and my ears which have a high mileage of listening to V shaped sources were adjusting. 

Maybe it's my use of SpinFit tips but I am not hearing the boosted bass other reviewers have noted in their reviews, and instead I find the bass to be neutral if not under represented even. I would definitely not call this a dark IEM, non sparkly perhaps yes, but definitely not dark.

Some nicer aspects of the sound that I should touch on is the sound-stage. This IEM delivers the sound-stage in spades. I sometimes even get the distinct feeling of different parts of the IEM playing the sound, which is all in my head but a testament to the chamber tuning and technology employed. Solid example of this can be heard in: "Chuck Loeb's - Sierra Nevada".

I've used Modi 2 and Magni 2 Uber as my source. And even though the image shows Comply tips, I have only tried them with my trusty CP-100 L SpinFit tips.

As a conclusion, if you're interested in a non fatiguing IEM with an emphasis on upper mids, this is perhaps the IEM to get. I also think this will do great for podcast listening, but then again do you really need a $300 IEM for podcasts?
Looks sexy.
se215 shouldn't be as affected as some of these other BA IEMs. But even they require you to at least have a 2.1 ohm source impedance (they are rated at 17 ohms and ideally your source impedance should be 8x lower).

Some high end IEMs however are really hard to drive.. like se846 is only rated at 6 ohms.
E17K has a <1.1 Ohm source or output impedance.. which is pretty good. It's probably the biggest reason you're hearing a difference with balanced armature IEMs in particular. 

Just a heads up on those OLED style headphone amps. This could not be an issue with yours, but I had one of the older gen E17 Fiios and my OLED screen which I kept on all the time burned in pretty quicky. It became pretty difficult to read. So you probably want to not keep the screen on all the time.
With IEMs it's not about power but the output impedance. Some of these Balanced Armature IEMs can have a pretty low impedance, particularly in some frequency bands. Which means a source with a high output impedance can significantly alter their frequency response curve.

So believe it or not they can sound quite different from low impedance amp and a high impedance one.

But you're right your mileage will vary depending on how high impedance your current amp is. If it's already low enough, it's not going to make a one bit of difference.
Actually my bad. I was thinking of a different set of headphones. I am talking about I-INTO i8 

By the looks of it these are entirely different, my bad. Need my morning coffee still. 
> Lker i8

~~Just FYI, these are not for everyone. These have such an awkward form factor.. it is really hard to get a proper seal with them. When I get a good seal with them they do sound pleasantly natural and pretty decent, but getting that seal and maintaining that seal is near impossible with my ears. And I've tried every kind of silicone tip there is on them. From tripple flanges to spin fits.~~

I've heard great things about Tin Audios T2.. mine are supposed to get here sometimes this week.

edit: wrong headphones duh.. I was talking about I-INTO i8
I mean they are also wireless headphones. Wireless headphones are usually not a good value + sound quality proposition.
You should go by price though. 780 and 780ti aged like milk.

780ti launched at $700 280x launched at $300
Not even close. 10 ohm output impedance vs. Magni 3's less than 0.4 ohms.
Lower noise floor, less distortion, punchier bass, cleaner highs.. are all things a dedicated amp can improve depending on how bad your current integrated amp is.
D30 > Modi 2 in ASR tests, but Magni 3 is a much better amp than A30. I would go with a Schiit stack or if you want to pick and choose D30 + Magni 3.

A30 has only a fraction of power Magni 3 has, and has really high source impedance at 10 Ohm.. which makes it unsuitable to drive many IEMs and hard to drive cans.
> they are pretty much permanently attached.

this is a deal breaker for me
yes there is

https://i.imgur.com/MViohLv.png
Oh, you need isolation? Over the ear closed back headphones tend to be heavier and generally have to have a tighter clamping force since that's how they ensure the seal.

If you need isolation and you're sensitive to the clamping force maybe give IEMs a try?
Because they will offer a substantially different listening experience. As opposed to changing amps. And because they are highly regarded headphones worth owning.
dt 770 (80 ohms).. will have as much isolation as you can get, and are very hardy headphones which can take a beating for on the go use.


SHP 9500(s).. incredibly comfortable and the clamping force is very mild.
dt 770 is a good somewhat v-shaped closed over the ear headphone with substantial bass. They have great isolation, and are built like tanks, I would absolutely feel comfortable submitting them to abuse of public use. 80 ohm version is probably the most forgiving for portable use, although 32 ohm is an option as well. 
It does. Get the HD 800.
Nothing wrong with that. There are some non-tube amps which aim to add color as well. But it's going to be expensive and in my opinion nowhere near as rewarding as sampling different headphones which can have a much bigger range of qualities.
Russell Crowe gave one of the best speeches when he won the Oscar for that role: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwjqlN3jueg
Properly implemented amps shouldn't sound different. Unless you're looking for color (Tube amps), the more transparent the amp the better. So it's kind of a futile task sampling different amps.

Headphones are orders of magnitude more limited devices, trying out different headphones is a worthwhile endeavor. 
Balanced Armature. Try a hybrid like KZ ZSR for instance.
Going by memory as I haven't listened to se215 in a while. This aren't going to be much different than se215. They sound similar. If you want more detail, I would look at one of the BA IEMs.
I think Lisa Su cares about me. I am special after all.
Yup
I see what you mean. 
Florida has a large population of retirees who drive blind as bats. 

So he's telling you for a reason: http://www.foxnews.com/story/2005/10/21/elderly-driver-kills-pedestrian-keeps-going-with-body-in-windshield.html
Thanks. I have tried disconnecting the cable on mine, but they plugged back in fine without issue. But I wouldn't do it too often, it's definitely does not feel like the same quality build as my Shure se215.
>  The extra 5dB of bass will be much more noticeable than .2% distortion between the K712 and K7XX.

I agree. Do you find K712 and K701 to also be bass muddy?
I've tried Magni 2 Uber. See that graph/measurement you linked. 7xx shows to have the lowest THD (distortion) in the bass region of the 3 headphones despite the fact that it has the most pronounced bass. Which certainly aligns with my findings. Yes the bass is definitely emphasized but it's well controlled.

Maybe our different experience has to do with music we're listening to.
Software bugs tend to be deterministic, this bug is anything but. There was a discussion in r/hardware about this. Everything points to hardware bugs. In either case we agree. Volta is a dud.
You are refusing to believe a victim, in a thoroughly investigated case, which I rank pretty highly as far as tin foil hats are concerned.
Not, lol ok. "Thank you sir." Did mama teach you any manners?
Everyone has fake components in their channels, even Digikey, but to a much smaller percentage than say stuff manufactured in China.

https://www.economist.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/1000-width/images/2016/04/articles/body/20160423_irc127.png

If you want more indepth into electronics, this presentation is really good: https://www.slideshare.net/KristalSnider-ERAI/dc-counterfeit-microelectronics-working-group-june-7-2012-slideshare

It's little outdated, but I can assure you the issue has only gotten worse. There has been multiple major scandals even involving US military equipment, not to mention highly publicized FTDI chips which FTDI bricked.
Fiio and Topping have counterfeit components as well. But they don't pretend like they don't. They are cheap.
I am skeptical because counterfeit parts are a real issue. And I have no tolerance for Chinese stuff commanding premium prices unless they can back it up with similar performance and quality (you can buy a Benchmak DAC for the price these guys charge for their POS DAC/Amp, yes the best DAC in the world which can achieve 21-bit of dynamic range for the same money these Audio GD guys charge). For instance I have no issue recommending Fiio. I think they are legit, also I got no issue with Topping, I own the D30 myself, even SMSL has ok stuff, they certainly aren't overpriced. Read my post history you will find me praising and recommending tons of Chinese companies and products.

I have issue with dishonest companies who take advantage of people like Audio GD does and like Hifiman did.
Not everything is a Soros conspiracy.
Checkout the video for the interview, those comments have more salt than the Gulf of Mexico: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ZF6WZa8dXI
There are a lot of lawyers out there. Eventually someone's going to take it just for the infamy. 
I have

> Sure, my boss took advantage of me, but I will always remain firm on this point: it was a consensual relationship. Any ‘abuse’ came in the aftermath, when I was made a scapegoat in order to protect his powerful position.

Monica's own words.


> They are no stupid lmao. They make overbuilt gears with lots of discrete components, surely they buy them bulk from the reputable overseas distributors or even from the factory themselves.

You have no way of knowing that. If they don't care about how their gear performs in objective measurement tests then why would they need parts with tight tolerances? Why order overseas? Why not buy the parts at 1/5 the price? Yes they are not stupid. That's my point. Why get a DAC with -120db THD, when the the output has -50db THD? They would be stupid to do so.

Say they order a batch of 1000 components (for 1000 amps). And say genuine components would cost $300 per unit.. they can get those same bootlegged components from the grey market for $50. That's a $250K saving (on 1000 units). If objective measurements don't matter, why would using genuine components matter? That statement of theirs clearly indicated that they intentionally designed the amp to distort. 

About that statement: Zero Feedback NFB designs have been around forever, it's certainly nothing new. They distort, it's simple as. If you can measure the distortion at audible levels you can hear distortion. Onkyo in particular has worked on elaborate ways on how to resolve this issue (for speaker amps). 

This phrase stands out "but can offer better sound for the human's ears". If better means distortion then yes. Some people like Tube amps, and think they sound better, but it's still distortion. If distortion is what they are going for fine. As I said it's true some people prefer coloration/distortion.

Some audiophools also like oil capacitors because that's how they were made back in the day, and they think they sound better. Even though they leak and have terrible ESR. It's the same philosophy. If distortion is what they are going for than lower the quality of components the better.

You're giving way too much credit to a fly by night Chinese company, which sells technically unimpressive gear.
No doubt. When it comes to newbies asking questions it's definitely very welcoming. Also there is really no snobbery. There are people there who sport budget headphones.. to people who own headphones and headphone amps which costs thousands and thousands of dollars.
You can get a decent DAC/Amp combo for just the Sennheiser 660 S for about $100. Fiio E10K and Schiit Fulla are some of the favorites.

If you anticipate getting more headphones in the future and would like more latitude when it comes to being able to power any sort of headphone, you can't go wrong with a Schiit stack. 

`Schiit Modi 2` + `Schiit Magni 3`

Or if you want a tube amp:

`Schiit Modi 2` + `Schiit Vali 2`
About $100 combined.
Did you use an amp? Because I find their bass to be one of the best I've heard on an open back headphone. But I do run mine amped from a low impedance amp.
Which amp did you use them with? I wonder if it's the impedance matching. Because my experience is that they have one of the best bass textures I've heard. For an open back headphone it wasn't until I got he400i that I heard that type of bass again. But I run my K7xx of the <0.4 Ohm Magni Uber.
Cool, if you ever have questions about headphones, the community at r/headphones is pretty helpful (just read the sticky threads). In fact that's where I learned about that combo (few years back).
I am just the opposite, I find K7xx to be so much better than SHP 9500. SHP9500 sound too compressed and harsh to me. K7xx laid back refined nature with strong sound stage is the best thing about them.
Haha, that's hilarious. I guess we do hear things differently!
How could his career only be 8 years? Surely a man of such a talent could have had years and years of creating awesome music!
If they are dynamics (which a lot of the cheap ones are) then yes. But most cheap BA IEMs I tried are not tuned well and can be too harsh.

Have you tried any KZ headphones? They can definitely be sibilant and harsh sounding. KZ ZSR is their probably best tuned headphone but even it can be too harsh, but try ZST or ZS3 in particular.
Yup.. in fact you can also get microphones which work well with universal headphones which have jacks on the side.

For instance. V-MODA BoomPro Microphone works great with Phillips SHP9500 which are an excellent set of headphones for music and gaming. So if your headphones die you can just replace them without having to buy the microphone again.
There are already devices with graphene in production. For instance: https://www.amazon.com/iBasso-IT01-Audiophile-Detachable-Headphones/dp/B078HSHX38
Yup, will do! Shall be interesting.. :)
> Clinton had a habit of forcing women to give him sexual favors if they wanted to advance professionally.

This means DANGLING PROMOTION OVER THEIR HEAD. 
The same comment that started our exchange:

> https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/87dzmx/yes_you_can_indict_the_president/dwcfunk/

> No, AbsentGlare doesn't know what he's talking about. Clinton wasn't impeached over a blowjob.
> 
> **Clinton had a habit of forcing women to give him sexual favors if they wanted to advance professionally.** One of those women, Paula Jones, sued him for it. Clinton tried to shut down the lawsuit because he felt as President he was above the law, but the judge said no. So Clinton had to give a deposition.
> 
> **Monica Lewinsky came into the picture because she's one of the women Clinton got a blowjob from then immediately promoted, establishing his pattern of only advancing women who blew him.** So that looked pretty bad for Clinton, promoting her weeks after the bj's started. So, he lied. Said under oath he never had an affair with Monica, couldn't remember ever being alone with her, didn't even know her until after she'd been promoted, etc. he bribed Monica to lie with gifts, got his secretary to lie, and got his lawyer to lie. He was a sexual predator trying to obstruct justice because he thought he was above the law, and Democrats in congress let him get away with it. 20 years later Republicans also protect their very own predator president, and Democrats (some of the very same ones who protected Clinton) act like they've never seen anything so appalling.
> 
> Both sides protect their own. Whichever side you're on, if you think they're somehow above that, you're wrong.

> I never claimed he hung a promotion over her in order to sexually abuse her, but nice strawman.

Bullshit.

> Clinton had a habit of forcing women to give him sexual favors if they wanted to advance professionally.

That's what you wrote. That's NOT what happened.
Yeah by all accounts sounds like Shure se846 would be right up my alley. Maybe I give them a try. Will see if Nova satisfies my thirst first.
Neither does Magni. The distortion only happens at 1.5watts and beyond which is way beyond what O2 can provide, and the distortion is still well controlled. 0.1% @ 1.5 watts is still better than Topping A30 for instance, which is rated for 1% THD distortion at max levels.
Again, none of that is compatible with her own admission that the relationship was consensual. Your claim is that he hung a promotion over her in order to sexually abuse her. When that's not at all what happened.

There is a big difference in what you claim (painting Clinton as Harvey Weinstein) and what actually transpired. They had a consensual sexual affair. 
I just read it, and no that's not at all what it says. For one promotion isn't even mentioned.

She feels like a victim, again from the quote that you posted above, after the scandal happened. 

See she was impressionable, and she was actually in love with Clinton. When the scandal broke she wanted him to protect her. But he didn't. That's where she feels victimized (rightfully so). Hence her quote:

> “Sure, my boss took advantage of me, but I will always remain firm on this point: it was a consensual relationship. Any ‘abuse’ came in the aftermath, when I was made a scapegoat in order to protect his powerful position.”

Clinton once the scandal broke cut all ties with her. And concentrated on protecting his presidency.. he basically threw her under the bus. This is the part she was victimized in. Not the actual relationship while it lasted. That's an important distinction.

Yes the power dynamic was there, which makes the relationship ethically inappropriate.. however plenty of marriages happen from such relationships and generally as long as its fully consensual between two adults there is usually no issue. As they say all is fair in love and war.
> Wow, you really go need to look stuff up. She was promoted within weeks of blowing him.

Where does it say that?

I remember distinctly that it's not the reason she had an affair with him and that instead she genuinely had a romantic interest in him. The quote you posted highlights that:

> “Sure, my boss took advantage of me, but I will always remain firm on this point: it was a consensual relationship. Any ‘abuse’ came in the aftermath, when I was made a scapegoat in order to protect his powerful position.”

[end Lewinsky quote] In other words she's saying that he took advantage of her once it became a scandal. He could have protected her, but he tried to protect the Presidency instead. She was betrayed.

>  She feels really traumatized and gaslighted, and suffers PTSD.

Because of everything that transpired after the relationship became a scandal. She was in her early 20s and in the middle of one of the biggest scandals ever. Of course now days the standards are so low, that story would be over after a week of coverage.
> She has since come out as a #MeToo.

In support of it yes. 

> But as for me, my history, and how I fit in personally? I’m sorry to say I don’t have a definitive answer yet on the meaning of all of the events that led to the 1998 investigation; I am unpacking and reprocessing what happened to me. Over and over and over again.”

https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/politics/wp/2018/02/26/what-monica-lewinsky-learned-from-metoo/?utm_term=.3f4b355cf55e

> He was 50 and she was 22 and he was the most powerful man in the world and she was an intern.

As I said in the previous comment, there was definitely an inappropriate power dynamic there, but I was responding to a comment which claims she had an affair with him because he gave her a promotion. When in fact that's simply not true. She had romantic feelings towards Clinton at the time. Whether those feelings were valid it's something she's still trying to process. She's been through a lot not during the relationship but due to the scandal itself, and Clinton's own actions to protect his presidency. So this is quite different than just grabbing women by their pussy, popping some TicTacs and kissing them without warning. Not to mention all the other victims which have come forward. 

> The Democrats just booted Al Franken over a photo. My how the tables have turned.

Good. What he did was definitely inappropriate, even though it was a nothing compared to grabbing women by the pussy. Democrats lead by example which should be commended.




> Monica Lewinsky came into the picture because she's one of the women Clinton got a blowjob from then immediately promoted

This is simply not true. I don't even have to look anything up, I remember watching her interviews in which she was clearly having a romantic relationship with Clinton. It had nothing to do with her trading sexual favors for promotions. She was an intern, and she left white-house as an intern.

Obviously Clinton was in position of power, but the romantic interest was mutual.
I am just encroaching on this IEM journey and I haven't heard any high end IEMs yet. I have sampled tons of budget options (mainly to find the style and fit I like). The best and most highly praised IEM I own right now is the Massdrop Plus Universal IEM. They are definitely an all around great IEM. But as I mentioned I like a darker IEM personally, and while MD+ are awesome overall, I am hoping Campfire Nova I ordered may scratch the itch for a dark IEM for me.
Dark translucent and clear.. yes. There is also a metallic blue non translucent version.
I hear you. I had the same issue on ZS6 with foam tips. But I found SpinFit tips solve the issue for me.
Personal take on Tennmak Pros: 

Most headphones in this price range screw up something:

- they usually just sound too thin, or tinny. A sign of a cheap IEM.

- BA based IEMs in this price bracket tend to be too sibilant or harsh.

- Hybrid or multi BA headphones in this price bracket can be all over the place in terms of coherence, spikes and harshness. 

Tennmak's use of two dynamic drivers which pretty much makes the coherence and sibilance a non issue with this IEM. The drivers are well matched. Bottom end and mid range is full bodied and well represented. Overall a very natural sounding headphone that will do alright in most occasions. Dual driver setup will make them sound a notch richer than what was possible previously with IEMs like Carbo Tenore, particularly in complex and busy music.

They do however lack the detail and sparkle of a BA driven IEM. That's not to say that the high end is not represented, it's just not particularly detailed and well extended.

This feature gives them a dark signature which is one of their unique attributes that sets them apart from many IEMs in this price range. This is an excellent headphone for long non fatiguing listening sessions. Weather you are working or studying this is one non distracting budget IEM.

Sound stage is the best I've heard in this price bracket as well. No doubt owing to its natural sound signature.

The comfort is excellent. There is no pneumatic pressure when trying to get a seal with these IEMs. I pair mine with spin fit tips and I get both a perfect seal, fit and isolation. The cable is replaceable. The stock cable is nothing to write home about, but adequate for an IEM of this price. It's a bit too stiff, however I did not find the micro-phonics to be an issue.

I like them so much that I actually own 2 pairs. These are my go to beater IEMs.
I love them. They are just incredibly popular with perpetual MassDrops that people don't find them special anymore. But I find that they are one of the best bargains in mid-fi territory. 

Like if I could only own one pair of headphones on a deserted island, I'd be fine with K7xx..
DT 1990 sound awesome, from everything I read. From what I've read maybe Andromedas are similar to it.
Yup.. Campfire Audio Nova. Most people on this sub hate them, but from all the detailed reviews I read, they seem right up my alley. I like a veiled dark headphone. I am basically looking for a Mad Dogs alternative in the IEM factor.
Aye.. as long as you know what you're getting and you enjoy the end result it's all that matters. 

Heck I just ordered Campfire Novas few days ago, which everyone on this sub hated. I think I am going to like them personally ;)
I agree whole heartedly. Some gear like r2r dacs and tube amps try to achieve things by compromising accuracy in some cases because they go after a specific sound. And there is nothing wrong with that. If you enjoy it, then that's all that matters.
I could be wrong about Audio GD. Their gear certainly has a lot of components in it and let's assume they are genuine.

I am going by a recent measurement ASR did of one of their high end models: https://www.reddit.com/r/headphones/comments/86o4af/review_and_measurements_of_audiogd_nfb2738_dac/
Yeah I was thinking hard about Aeons Flow.. but I don't like how the pads are not a normal shape, I like the ability to easily swap out my pads. 

Honestly to tell you the truth, I have so many over the ear headphones and I feel like I have found my nirvana when it comes to over the ear. 

I am now on a hunt for great sounding IEMs. So I've been mostly concentrating there.
Not sure if you've seen this thread: https://www.reddit.com/r/headphones/comments/86o4af/review_and_measurements_of_audiogd_nfb2738_dac/

This is what I am going by. 

But with that said If you're happy with your unit (which is a different model) then awesome!

If it sounds great, that's all that matters.
I am not convinced though. They may knowingly on unknowingly be using counterfeit components. My point is simply that every time you buy Chi Fi you are taking a gamble.

Audio GD gear doesn't measure well that's for sure.
No problem man. We live and learn..

> Alpha Dogs are alright why not save for an Aeon tho. 

Ahh this was before they had Aeons. Just was throwing it out there because Alpha Dogs was the other headphone I was considering at the time I bought he400i. 
They are tuning pads. Some headphones come with them. Basically it lets you change their sound a bit. If you put those in, they will be less harsh.
I literally own he400i (see my tag) which I paid a full price for 3 years ago $500. The pads came unglued within the first 6 months. I baby the darn things too.. I have like 20+ headphones and no headphone I own is abused (other than my Fostex T20rp, which that's their purpose, a daily beater). 

Their reputation is so bad, the price is tanking so bad, no one is going to be able to resell their hifiman for a decent price.

Never buying an expensive Chi Fi product again. Learned my lesson. At the time I could have bought Alpha Dogs from Mr. Speakers. Which are reselling for the same price they cost pretty much: https://www.ebay.com/sch/i.html?_from=R40&_sacat=0&_nkw=Alpha%20Dogs%20mr%20speakers&LH_Complete=1&LH_Sold=1&rt=nc&_trksid=p2045573.m1684

I would have been much happier owning quality Alpha Dogs :-\

And as far as Audio GD is concerned. You can buy a Benchmark DAC for the same price. And Benchmark DAC is alien technology compared to Audio GD junk.
Again, they could be, but there is simply no telling. They themselves may not know. 
Confirmed how exactly? 

Just to give you an example.. here is an example of a very popular chip that has been counterfeit:

https://i.imgur.com/CEcUmGN.jpg

Capacitors you can't even tell apart after they've been mounted:

https://68kmla.org/forums/index.php?/topic/23820-how-to-spot-a-counterfeit-capacitor/
People in general have issues with context. Schiit admittedly sells tons of amps (I am sure). It is therefore pretty normal that the number of issues people will have with them will be over represented.

Chord is a high end company which charges a hefty premium for their gear and for a good reason, their gear has top notch specs. 

My friend had an issue which is actually really common with Chord Mojos turns out. The proprietary (sized) LiPo battery in the Chord Mojo is overcharged and dies within a year of use. A lot of folks are having this problem with Chord Mojos. And if you're in US you're pretty much boned. They will not replace your battery. Yet a few bad experiences with Schiit from a loud minority thread craps every single Schiit thread on this forum. But I have not seen anyone mention Chord Mojos.

3db is 3db, it's not just about the power, it's also about output impedance. Which Magni 3 is much lower in (< 0.3 Ohm) while Topping A30 is like 10 ohms, already making it unsuitable to listen to with many BA IEMs.

Yup, that's what I don't get. I could understand if Schiit was charging an arm and a leg markup, which for a US based company they totally could get away with. But it's not like Schiit charges exorbitant prices. In fact Magni 3 is not even rivaled by Chi Fi knock offs. So the hate is particularly unwarranted. 
More power means you can drive a bigger selection of headphones. Some headphones require quite a bit of power. For instance my Fostex T20rp need all the power they can get.

Power may also mean low output impedance. Which is generally a desirable characteristic of an amp. 

A rule of thumb is for the source to have 8 times lower impedance than the headphones you are powering. Otherwise the sound quality can be severely degraded. Some frequencies become louder and others rolled off if this rule isn't met for instance.

You have many BA IEMs which are very low impedance and which require a low impedance source. Like Campfire Andromedas are only 12 Ohms.

Schiit Magni 3 offers plenty of power and plenty low output impedance to satisfy any headphone on the market pretty much. And it does this while being relatively clean for only $100.

It's simply a great no frills starting point when it comes to headphone amplifiers.
As with anything popular there are always a few "edgy" haters. Enjoy your Schiit stack, it's great. I've had mine for 3 years and it has provided me nothing but countless hours of hi fidelity sound.
Makes sense. Thanks.
Yeah I've seen the 570 without video ports too.. I guess they really make that many of them, huh?.. didn't think people would buy them.
I haven't seen these mining GPUs is all, but I'll take your word for it.
> Like blowing up headphones.

First they weren't blowing up headphones. What they were doing was not good for headphones certainly and it had a potential to blow them up, but it's not like there were bunch of people with broken headphones because of it. Also it was widely publicized which they owned up to it in the end (granted NwavGuy being banned was bullshit but I blame Jude and head-fi over that more than Schiit themselves). Also this hasn't been an issue for 6 years at least.

> it's a marketing company that also might employ an engineer or two

Doesn't their CEO design the amps? Yes, Jason Stoddard is the guy who designs and is a CEO of Schiit. CEO of Sennheiser isn't an engineer on the other hand: https://en-us.sennheiser.com/news-dr-sc-techn-andreas-sennheiser

So should we not buy Sennheiser gear because it's not led by engineers?

To suggest that Schiit is some marketing company which may employ a few engineers is preposterous. They are a tiny company to begin with, and even their CEO is an engineer. 

Schiit offers some really good products which is the main reason for their popularity. There is simply nothing more powerful than a Magni 3 at $100 price point. Simple as that. Everything else is FUD.
Ahh but those could just be GPUs. 
> And still, Nvidia makes around a $100M per quarter (give or take) selling crypto only SKUs.

Do they? I have only heard rumors but I've never seen them in the wild.
Absolutely, but I doubt it will be that much better/cheaper than GPUs.  Say it's half the cost, or even 1 third, it's hardly a paradigm shift bitcoin miners were. Not to mention the risk of algorithm changing.

Remember good number of miners love GPUs precisely because they can flip them back to gamers.
Are you telling me these guys can come up with a better solution than HBM2? The best they can do is stack a bunch of GDDR5x.. which is no different from what a GPU does. So say they save about half the cost with an Etherium optimized design. It's nowhere near the paradigm shift compared to dedicated Bitcoin miners.
> What's with you and comparing dick size really and mass production with small manufacturing 😂😂 your time in Xerox was not related to handling the sourcing process

I talked to our purchasing guy every day though, we are buds (he's retired now though). 

> sourced from a retail/semi gross at best, shop.

Sourced from Digikey.. the same place Schiit gets their stuff I guarantee it. Schiit may go directly to manufacturer for some parts though, like the AK4990 is most likely sourced directly from AKM, so is their USB Phy the Cmedia chip. But their more generic components come from DigiKey or Mouser (same place I get them). I have approached  and worked with manufacturers directly as well for some products (like Vishay for custom made low tempco resistors I used in some of my products).

> What else you have in that lab?

The only thing I am missing is pretty much a VNA. And it's because I can't decide on which one to get. Also it's an instrument which I only rarely need so the cost is really not worth it. I have everything else an electronics lab could want. My recent acquisition is a Mantis Microscope.. that thing is amazing. 
It's mostly bunch of knee-jerk Schiit hating going on. Unbiased? I think https://www.reddit.com/r/headphones/comments/87bq6a/is_schiit_dacs_and_amps_like_the_beats_of/dwboyd8/ nails it.
I worked for Xerox in printer manufacturing back in 90s. I worked in their QA (designing test jigs and software). 

I have also done small batch manufacturing myself (selling precision voltage references). 

> How about you set them all straight below with their bell tower war and put all that sexy equipment to good use by doing a little video of the benchmark on the shiit products?(very serious)

I don't actually have specialized audio measurement equipment. Like I could automate some of my gear to provide some very accurate measurements but it would take me a lot of time. 

For instance I will give you an example. I have a Rohde & Schwarz FSEA30.. which has one of the best analog front ends of Spectrum Analyzers ever made, but it doesn't even go below 9Khz.. (so it's not meant for audio). It goes all the way up to 3.4Ghz though. They were $50K brand new. It's really more meant for RF, but I mainly use it for sensor filter testing and for EMI testing. For instance if I am hunting a particular frequency in a circuit I can use an EMI probe to find it really quickly in the circuit (wirelessly even). I also use it for EMI compliance testing.

I also own an RTM 1054 oscilloscope (plus bunch of others, a bit of an R&S fan as you can tell :)), if I connected it to my GPS disciplined reference clock I could do some audio measurements with it (via LXI interface I could automate and do FFT measurements with it as well), but oscilloscopes aren't really meant for that. They only have an 8-bit DAC usually and they are meant to do high speed measurements (audio is very slow by comparison), this scope can do 5Giga samples per second, compare that to 44.1Khz audio.

For audio measurements I would need one of Audio Precision units, but I never really bothered, since I don't really work with audio circuits. I might get one at some point. I probably have enough metrology grade gear in my lab to calibrate it properly too.
The conversation spiraled into multiple threads so I missed this reply.. but it was covered further down: https://www.reddit.com/r/headphones/comments/87bq6a/is_schiit_dacs_and_amps_like_the_beats_of/dwbrkye/
> Not Nichicon capacitors, the leading premium capacitor, so I doubt they're quality. "Common design" Not present on any notable products besides this one, ok.

Nichicon isn't the only high quality capacitor, Rubicon makes some excellent ones as well. But this is only when it comes to electrolytic. We are talking about mylar caps here. Forget who they used but I can quarantee it's a high quality cap. 

Best Tantalum caps are made by Kemet for instance. So it all depends on the type of cap you use. (I design my own electronics, I actually work on precision circuits which require some of the best tolerance components, like $200 resistors from Vishay).

> Hasn't happened to Benchmark Media.

Like I said in either case they should do better. Particularly on their high end units. I am in agreement there. Benchmark Media is after my own heart. The only high end DAC I would consider personally.

But that doesn't mean I wouldn't recommend the Schiit Stack to folks starting out. It's a very good entry into the hobby.
> Schiit Modi 2 (non u) actually working properly (or having competent non flawed design: see caps on output)

This is not an issue actually. AC coupling caps are a problem with low impedance outputs. But Modi is made to be paired with amps not headphones. Magni has a 15K input impedance and Vali is like 25K ohms. Also the caps they use are of high quality. Not using AC coupling caps is nice but not paramount on line drivers. It's a very common design actually.

> Schiit Asgard 1 having an issue on power up/down which could potentially fry headphones

Yes lack of soft start protection. This is like 6-8 years ago though? But I know of this one and sure, they could have owned up to it quicker. But hey we got Objective out of it, so it's all good in the end to me.

> multibit as an "upgrade", Yggdrasil as a competent DAC.

I am not 100% sure the jitter distortion is actually real, I still think there is a chance ASR may have either a bad copy of their test unit, or there is a clock missmatch somewhere. But in either case, a product underperforming is hardly something to hold against a company. It happens to everyone. The jitter noise is -100dB or lower, not audible.
> Also you should remember to be a bit more excellent towards other redditors.

You get the respect you deserve. You likened me to a shill, so you get the same respect back.
What did they lie about, I genuinely don't know?
> You live with the care Bears dude... Of course so because is uncle sam selling it we can blindly trust him? Did you ever work on any production chain for any companies manufacturing electronic goods in your life?

I have and I have been a lifelong electronics hobbyist. Although I don't deal with amps, I deal with test gear. 

You see one of my hobbies is buying vintage laboratory test equipment and restoring it (Old Tek [Tektronix] stuff is my favourite). I teardown Chinease Siglent and Rigol test equipment all the time (out of curiosity). 

I have a pretty sophisticated test lab myself. For instance I own the HP3458A. I can provide proof if you care (it's the best DMM ever made $11K).

My point is I have done millions of teardowns, I like learning from existing circuits, and I probably know more about this stuff than anyone else in this thread. I've come across dozens of counterfeit parts and I've never gotten a counterfeit from DigiKey or Mouser (my two sources).
> Magni 3 is a good deal because they became the defacto brand for the three main audio forums. Literally any brand can put out a product like that at that price, they just need numbers and coincidentally Schiit has those numbers.

Ok be that as it may. They still offer a class leading product in the price bracket. Hardly a reason to not suggest it to people looking for a best bargain. 

Similarly SHP9500 are priced low because they sell in big numbers, that still doesn't make it a bad product, or Philips a bad company for selling them.
I'll admit their DACs could be a lot better (but distortion bellow -100db is not exactly the end of the world either, still they should do better particularly on their high end DACs). But will you also admit that their amps are an incredible bargain (particularly Modi 3)? 

Hardly a reason to hate the company, if they offer so many people such good bargain for the money.
Magni 3 is the best $99 amp for the money.. That means FOR THE MONEY, you can't do any better than that. That means there isn't another $100 amp that rivals it FOR THE MONEY. So far I've been attacked by every Schiit hater on r/headphones and none of them have been able to dispute this fact. 

So go back to the hole you crawled out of.
Because I factually claim that Magni 3 is the best headphone amp for the money? Go ahead, prove me wrong.
There are legitimate A sources for components in China and China makes many sure, but China has a huge problem with counterfeit components as well. This is the reality not some hypothetical.

In Shenzen you can go to a flea market and bargain for components, there is no control over where those components come from.

And just to be sure, I am not talking about resistors and capacitors only. I am talking about DAC chips and OpAmps as well.

How many times have we heard about fake USB FTDI chips? Just do a search on that.

Point being is there is a real problem of counterfeit components in China, and a manufacturer sourcing components in the US is far less likely to have access to them, because places like DigiKey would not stake their reputation on counterfeit components.


How are they taking advantage of anyone if for the money you get the best headphone amp on the market?
Exactly. Magni 3 is a beast. 
So we should hate on Schiit why exactly? For having a better product because they advertise?

Read what you write man.
Here is Topping A30.. Topping makes very good gear for a Chi Fi manufacturer.

As you can see in its specs it tops out at 1.5watt at 32 ohms. And the spec it lists is 1% THD..

So that's worse than Magni 3 which can do 2 watts at 32 ohms according to the article you linked by ASR. (https://www.audiosciencereview.com/forum/index.php?threads/review-and-measurements-of-schiit-lyr-tube-headphone-amplifier.2451/page-3)

Topping A30 spec:

> 1551mW x 2 (PO=Hi, 6.35 output, RL=32Ω,THD+N=1%)

> 291mW x 2 (PO=Hi, 6.35 output, RL=300Ω,THD+N=1%)

> 152mW x 2 (PO=Hi, 6.35 output, RL=600Ω,THD+N=1%)

> 757mW x 2 (PO=Hi, 3.5 output, RL=32Ω,THD+N=1%)

> 258mW x 2 (PO=Hi, 3.5 output, RL=300Ω,THD+N=1%)

> 143mW x 2 (PO=Hi, 3.5 output, RL=600Ω,THD+N=1%)

So Schiit Magni 3 (almost twice as powerful) is better than A30 and it's cheaper still, while being made in USA.
Magni 3 is twice as powerful:

> 1551mW x 2 (PO=Hi, 6.35 output, RL=32Ω,THD+N=1%)

> 291mW x 2 (PO=Hi, 6.35 output, RL=300Ω,THD+N=1%)

> 152mW x 2 (PO=Hi, 6.35 output, RL=600Ω,THD+N=1%)
> 757mW x 2 (PO=Hi, 3.5 output, RL=32Ω,THD+N=1%)
> 258mW x 2 (PO=Hi, 3.5 output, RL=300Ω,THD+N=1%)
> 143mW x 2 (PO=Hi, 3.5 output, RL=600Ω,THD+N=1%)
In this thread someone is complaining because Schiit Magni 3 has more distortion once you go over 1.5 watt.

Objective 2: 32 ohms power = 613 mW

So no, much less powerful than Magni 3. Also it's a b-stock item.
> If this were the case for Schiit, the shills would come out and say that's what makes it sound so musical and good.

I have not seen a single Schiit shill, I only see bunch of haters hating on Schiit for no good reason.

> Probably because NA isn't their number one customers and are likely focusing on the domestic market. 

Ok then so you admit there is an advantage to buying domestic. That's a good start.

Spec embellishment is very common in this industry, they shouldn't be doing it but it's hardly a first. In fact most manufacturers embelish specs. But again find me a better deal for a headphone amp than Magni 3.
They are not lying, that's the thing. Dealing with bunch of haters who don't understand electronics with nothing better to do.
> No, they've been recommended through hell and back again just out of sheer marketing and people not knowing better.

Suggest a better amp than Magni 3 at $99. Go ahead. 
How do you know?
> One of AGDs products measures poorly

It doesn't just measure poorly, it's absolute trash. -50db THD?? For a Chi Fi product which costs $1700. You can buy a Benchmark DAC for that money.

Yes and Hifiman completely silent on the braking headphones. Both of these companies charged full prices for their products like if they were premium and made in the west.
Show me a better Amp.. 1.5 watt is a ton. 

edit: nothing like being downvoted by bunch of people who have no clue what they are talking about.. :)
That's not at all what I said. I said made in US.. it has a much higher chance of using genuine components. I never said all gear from China is crap. Audio GD and Hifiman examples I gave are crap.
So then my point stands then, doesn't it?
It also has very low distortion figures, and a perfectly flat frequency response. Find me a better amp for the money. Link it, let's see who's the shill.
BS. China can make quality products, but they also make tons of absolute crap with fake parts.
Character attack instead of debating my points.. go ahead, point out where I am wrong.
> Schiit shills will downvote your post and my message as hard as they can. Also there will be a buch of replies that Schiit is great, lol. 

Why don't you give me an example of a headphone amp that provides more power than Magni 3 at $99?
> Let's see. Tons of threads with people saying their Magni's volume knob is off-center. Customer service is basically non-existant.

They are manufacturing tolerances.. shit happens, return it and get another one if you don't like it. Also their CEO posts and replies to threads on head-fi all the time. I've seen him respond to people's issues tons of times.

https://www.head-fi.org/search/7976466/

> To top it off their devices don't even reach 16-bit linear output in professional audio measurements, which is laughable when you think they are advertised as "high resolution" gear.

> But buying solid state products with tons of distortion, hard pass. Haven't listened to their tube products though.

Yes they are guilty of reinventing the wheel, something majority of boutique audio outfits are guilty of. Magni 3 is still one of the best deals in headphone amps you can get.

People shit on Schiit just because they are popular. 

> If I'd want some distortion in my sound, I wholeheartedly recommend the Bottlehead amp products, they are lovely and sound sweet.

DYI kits, apples and oranges don't you think? Also they are pretty pricey considering you're the one doing the labor. 
>  They proudly advertise "Made in America" and Americans are unfortunately so patriotic they will blindly support such products because they think they're supporting the economy and supporting fellow citizens.

See it has nothing to do with patriotism. It has to do with understanding the realities of cost required to provide a product made in the US.

Companies like Hifiman and Audio GD are a good example of companies who despite their inferior quality demand full markup for their products. Despite the fact that manufacturing in China is orders of magnitude cheaper, and even their shipping is subsidized by the government (to flood the US market and give them an advantage over incumbent domestic producers).

If a product is manufactured in the US, then you're pretty much guaranteed to get genuine components. In Shenzhen you can go to a flea market and buy components for a fraction of the cost, and you have no idea what you're getting. It could be surplus, could be genuine, and could be a complete fake. Do you think Audio GD orders their components from genuine sources like DigiKey? lol

Yet despite this, Schiit offers one of the best deals when it comes to amps you can get (Magni 3). You can also go to a CanJam and talk to Schiit folks in person. 
They are popular and it's where the similarity ends.

Beats have a reputation for being a fashion accessory first and headphone second. I don't think that's the case with Schiit.

The entry level Schiit stack is of very good value. For instance it is really hard to find a more powerful amp than Magni 3 for $99. For something that's also built in the US, it's quite a feat.

The Schiit stack is pretty versatile as well (compared to say a combo). As it lets you stack other components and mix and match. Like for $40 difference you can just switch your Magni for a Vali and try a tube amp.
Hybrids give you the best of both worlds. The tube distortion in the pre-amp stage and the drive capability of the transistor technology in the amp stage. They are also cheaper. One tube designs for instance don't require tube matching. Which makes tube rolling much cheaper. 

When considering a full tube amp, you have to consider output impedance. Many of them have quite a high output impedance which will adversely effect their paring with headphones. Most of full OTL tube amps for instance will have a hard time driving balanced armature IEMs properly. With that said, purists love their OTL tube amps, and the more distortion the better as far as they are concerned. Who am I to judge?
Get yourself a BA in ear monitor. Do some research for your price bracket, but I feel like nothing can touch BA or Hybrid IEMs when it comes to treble. 
I haven't seen this chip, but I doubt it's that much faster than GPUs. The reason I say that is because Etherium algorithm is very memory bandwidth heavy. And the data set is large (2Gb and growing). So this isn't the case as it was with Bitcoin where you could just cram tons of fixed function units into an ASIC and get a huge advantage over GPU miners. The algorithm was actually designed purposely to be difficult to implement in ASIC.

Also it will be a tough sell to many non industrial operations, because one of the main draws of mining is that you can mine some, turn around and sell GPUs to gamers for minimal loss (in some cases a gain). These dedicated miners have no secondary purpose.
I think IEMs is where we've seen tons of advancements and new ideas.
> I know its not my computer because its on mute, and theres nothing playing and i can hear people talking, sometimes music playing.

Computer's [soft] mute, mutes the sound at the DAC.. which is before the amplification stage in most cases. So it is possible for your computer to still pick up interference and amplify it. 

Probably a good idea would be to get a dedicated headphone amp. 
That guy is a real jerk!
> Schiit Magni 3: easily one of the best amps available right now. For 99 bucks, it's ridiculous.

Which is why I don't get the hate Schiit gets. Magni is really a great amp for the money. It has plenty of power to drive any headphones, it's a no frills design with decently low distortion. Considering it's made in the US the $99 price tag is amazing.
Here is the historical Amazon price for K712: https://i.imgur.com/Q2nIJss.png

They've been as low as $337. I think the availability of similar sounding (if I am not mistaken?) K7xx from MassDrop however makes them a bit too pricey at $499.


You too bud. It's actually refreshing to have a mature discussion like this, so kudos to you. Go blazers!

Agreed on your last point.
AR 15 would be considered a banned weapon under the assault ban in Australia and here in US (under the temporary ban we already had). The details are unimportant, even though simple devices like bumpstocks turn them into full automatic. Anyone who's actually used AR15 will tell you that efficiency of AR15 (and M16) is actually greater in semi automatic mode. So it's a moot point either way.

> but it was included in that ban and that ban didn’t work, so what makes you think it will work now? 

It didn't go far enough and it didn't last long enough. We need to do what Australia did. It will take a long time for the ban to actually start working, but it's the only solution.
It's absolutely an assault rifle: https://i.imgur.com/XvlxACt.png

M16 and AR15 are for all intents and purposes the same. Also AR15 was banned as part of the Assault Weapon Ban. Which classifies them as an Assault Rifle under the prior law.
It is.
> It won’t mean there’s less dead kids in the classroom

It absolutely will.

Australian gun law also allows for gun ownership. But you don't need an assault rifle to defend yourself. 

> Good guys with guns help. 

Like the cop at Stoneman Douglas?
> It had a marginal effect

You yourself said 20% drop in homicides. Also they have no school shootings. Their population is constantly increasing too.

> while it caused every other form of violent crime

Yup I will take more people being beaten up or stabbed but surviving if it means no dead kids in classrooms. Pretty sure every parent who's lost their child to school shooting would to.
> Homicides went down, yup. About 20 percent. Yet other forms of violent crime went up.

So you are telling me gun control works. Thanks, that's my point.
The reason I refuse to do any more research is because I am right. And you are posting falsehoods because you clearly have a pro NRA agenda:

https://www.factcheck.org/2017/10/gun-control-australia-updated/
I've been to multiple countries in Europe and I've been to Australia. They don't have the issues we have with school shootings. Implement Australia's law and you're done. Very simple stuff.

Nothing left to research or debate. Either you are for school shootings or against. We already know what works.
There is nothing to research. That's the whole point. I already know everything there is to know about guns. It's such a simpleton hobby anyone can learn everything there is to know in 30 minutes.

My brother is a gun nut. He has like 5-6 different custom AR15s. We go skeet shooting with our over and unders all the time. I've watched hickock45 videos with him. I've helped him gunsmith issues.

I own guns myself. There is literally nothing I need to research as I know already everything there is to know. 

When it comes to learning everything there is to know about a hobby like "gun nutting", it's about as simple as a hobby gets. Learn math, electronics, computer programming, HAM radio, combustion engines, boat building.. all those are much more complex hobbies than "gun nutting".
I don't need to do research for something as simple as guns. Everyone knows what an assault rifle is. Guns are so simple there is nothing to research. I am a gun owner, and I am a veteran of war. Everything there is to know about guns can be learned in 30 minutes. I know everything there is to know.
KZ ZS6 are kind of a blatant copy of Campfire IEMs in terms of design. I doubt you'll find another.

Also while they do look cool and are really good IEMs. That design actually isn't that great in terms of comfort. Some people complain about the sharp edges on both ZS6 and Campfire IEMs. Personally KZ ZS6 were a bit uncomfortable for me when I used foam tips but with SpinFit tips it's no longer the issue.
I don't need to do any research. Everyone knows what an assault rifle is. It's really not that hard, it's actually pretty simple. 
As far as I am aware Assad is still in charge and is controlling most of Syria.

Even democracy isn't perfect.
> A 115 lb woman should be allowed to have a firearm to defend herself from a 200lb rapist.

She doesn't need an assault rifle to defend herself.
I am giving you a most recent example of a tyrannical government. That's what happens. Tyrannical dictators don't care about their own people.

Luckily we live in a democracy where multiple branches of government ensure no one branch has all the power.

My point is simply that the 2nd amendment is outdated in terms of preventing a tyrannical government from seizing control. Our democratic system is effective however.
Nuke is just one of more advanced weapons a government has. A tyrannical government like the one in Syria used chemical weapons against its own people.

The point is, that AR15 can't do anything against the might of government's arsenal. Tanks, helicopters, drones, chemical weapons.. all the way up to nukes proves that 2nd amendment's purpose is outdated. 
You're missing the point. Nuke is just one of more advanced weapons US has. There are drones, chemical weapons etc..

Also look at Syria and Assad using chemical weapons on his own people.
My personal best (in winter): Mad Dogs.. I just love them. They aren't perfect by any stretch of the imagination, but I just love them. They have such a weird warm sound signature that's super inviting, and I can't help but to constantly be budging the volume up, because I cannot get enough of them (not good for my hearing).

Best (in summer, when over the ear headphones are too hot): I haven't found my personal nirvana yet when it comes to IEMs, but so far the best IEMs I've tried are Massdrop Plus.
They could be wired wrong, try this and see if it passes: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZrWHtvSog4
> DAC: I don't have any extra cash for one :(

DAC makes no difference for wireless headphones since they have to have their own integrated DAC.

Wireless is kind of a new territory and it still lags big time behind wired in terms of fidelity. So your best option is to pull the trigger on what you think might work for you and test it yourself and sadly rely on Amazon reviews. I say this because I feel bad that you had to repost this question to multiple threads and it looks like you're not getting a response.

Folks who browse this sub are mainly headphone enthusiasts who care about sound quality which disqualifies many wireless headphones from contention. Which is why you may not get answers on wireless inquiries. 
Top post on this sub:

[/r/headphones Purchase Help Thread (2018-03-25)](https://www.reddit.com/r/headphones/comments/86zhzi/rheadphones_purchase_help_thread_20180325/)
Voice Meter lets you both EQ and setup your audio so that you can hear mic feedback: https://www.vb-audio.com/Voicemeeter/index.htm

V-Moda is a purely analog mic. Your computer should have a mic amp.. `mic in` is usually amped. If you need a dedicated mic amp.. you can get one of those cheap dongles: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00NMXY2MO/ref=oh_aui_search_detailpage?ie=UTF8&psc=1
Not sure about hd650.. but I know in general, leather pads make a big difference. About +3db on bass in my experience on HE400i.
> Public Usage: daily Type:in ear truly wireless

It's probably why you aren't getting many suggestions. There are very few wireless IEMs worth recommending. AirPods with W1 chip are about the only ones that implement wireless technology without delay properly, and even they aren't that great.

You would have much better luck going for wired.
> because everything with in-ear-canal tips always just falls out of my ears, i've tried every size and even the foam ones that you squish before putting them in.

Not sure which headphones you tried, but I can almost guarantee KZ ZSR won't pop out of your ear. They have that universal design that just sort of lodges into your ear shell, but also have deep enough insertion there is no way they will pop out.

I would give them a try if for anything to see if this type of IEMs will work for you. Foam tips work great on them.


Top post on this sub:

[/r/headphones Purchase Help Thread (2018-03-25)](https://www.reddit.com/r/headphones/comments/86zhzi/rheadphones_purchase_help_thread_20180325/)
It's a play on the old: *"When life gives you lemons, make lemonade"*
EQ increases distortion. Some headphones are particularly bad when EQing.. for instance EQing one range can affect distortion of other ranges.

If a headphone is lacking a certain range then there is usually a good reason for it. There is a physical limitation there. And for EQ to recover that dip.. unwanted side effects will occur. 
*When life gives you HE 400i.. make head straps.*
Schiit - Modi 2 (there is an Uber version which doesn't rely on USB power and accepts optical in if you care for that thing) is a DAC. This converts your digital sound files into analog.

Then you have a choice of Magni 3 or Vali 2 as far as the headphone amplifier is concerned:

- Magni 3: A solid state discrete AB class amp. It's probably the best way to go if you care about transparent and accurate sound. It also offers more power than anything in the price range, meaning there will be no headphones Magni 3 can't drive.

- Vali 2: This is a tube amp. If you want that tube distortion, it's an interesting choice. Lets you tube roll, or try different tubes. Although this is an expensive slippery slope (some tubes cost $100+). 

`Modi 2` + `Magni 3` is a common configuration (of the Schiit stack).
Convincing.
Schiit is most certainly not a scam company. Schiit stack for instance is a very good option for entry into headphone hi-fi.
If sound isolation is not a requirement than open back headphones like HD 600 are better.

HD 600 can benefit from a dedicated amp but don't necessary require it. If HD 600 is too much for your budget. Philips SHP9500 are a highly regarded budget option and they are even easier to drive with just the onboard sound card.
When you say bedroom producing, does this mean you will have someone else there who's trying to sleep? HD 600 are open back headphones so they don't seal the sound in. So if there is another person trying to sleep in the bedroom they will still need earplugs.

HD 600 are just very good studio monitors but are certainly not the only ones. If sound leaking is an issue you will need closed back headphones. AKG K 553 Pro are pretty good for this purpose imo. And you won't need a dedicated amp with them.
Angelus - Dan Terminus
The ocean too has noctiluca scintillans. And can glow at night. Pretty tough to capture with a camera though.
> American right that safeguards the barely remaining others. 

The government has nukes. Your guns are useless against a hypothetical "tyrannical government".
Will post a review!
I think they might, but I am not sure to be honest.
Bright headphones aren't that hard to find. For instance AKG K701 are bright.
Curiosity got the best of me and after reading bunch of reviews I actually pulled a trigger on Campfire Nova. Pretty good deal on their b-stock site ($320). Will be looking to get Vega as well, but this should wet my appetite some. I like their color, but from everything I read they seem to be right up my alley in terms of sound signature. Smooth and darkish.
I bought mine way before we knew it was an issue (like 2 years ago). 
I've been looking for the same thing, but I have not found it yet. Basically if I understand what you're saying is, you're looking for a dark but detailed IEM with nice thick low end. It is easy to find V shaped IEMs but these L shaped ones are hard to find. Most IEMs particularly BA and Hybrids in that range which have outstanding detail tend to also be pretty sharp and bright sounding, some can even be sibilant. 

I found Tennmak Pro are almost there in terms of frequency response, but they lack the clarity of a mid-fi IEM.

edit: I just pulled a trigger on a Campfire Nova actually, which I think may address this need for me. But I will get it sometime next week.