Yeah, they’ve either got hosts who can’t stop joking around or a really poor execution
I love podcasts with a new crime each episode, but almost every podcast I’ve seen with true crime is either 1 story per season or one that’s got too humorous of a mood. I love the ones with a little commentary though
It lasted a few weeks for me. I was only on it for 6 months though so the withdrawal wasn’t too bad for me.
I loved this episode. Although that exchange where she tells him “I can hear what you’re not saying.” and he asks her what is it that she’s hearing, she replies with “I can’t answer that.”
That didn’t make sense to me. Wouldn’t that mean she didn’t hear what he wasn’t saying? I’m so confused. 
Why not just have the option?
You watch the needle going in? I almost passed out once because I caught a glance of it
Some people just feel better knowing the exact breed they’re getting. A lot of shelters don’t know the breed, and if it’s a mutt, they’ll just guess 1 of the breeds.
I use default. My eyesight is fine but everything just feels too small.
>!Why did she kill those 3 people? Did they do something wrong?!<
I don’t think the vegetarian meal was a message. I think it was more because the last thing anyone would want to eat after dealing with cannibals would be meat
That’s how I feel. I think making it your own is fine but it turns into something that wouldn’t be a creepypasta. They all just feel somewhat paranormal, not even creepy. It’s got more gross moments than scary moments.
It’s okay. It’s basically just that Kim K game that came out years ago but with Harry Potter. 
I usually post to whatever I'm using. Instagram loads faster and I'm usually on that more so I tend to post there more.
I hate it when they say stuff like “not my style but it’s the thought that counts.” My parents would have killed me. Where are these animals’ manners? 
It’s still illegal though. Plus I don’t think you can get a virus from Spotify as easily as pirating
I liked it a lot better towards the end. The jumpscares became annoying though.
I use the native player. I don’t mind it. I like the design more and it’s free. It does what I need. Maybe if I had a ton of podcasts I’d hate it.
The mods should just stop allowing the same threads every week. How many times do we need a “favorite Mac apps?” thread? They just repeat the same apps
A bunch of red dots. Not a rash, but if you got a red pen and dotted a piece of paper a lot kinda look. We assumed it was a heat rash but it was really leukemia. I also had some bruises and a sore throat. Urgent care doctors didn’t know what it was and it wasn’t until I was constantly exhausted that we finally went to the ER and got a blood test. If you’re lucky you’ll get cancer before finals and you might not have to take them
Are there even any long-term medicines that can help with anxiety like Xanax does? I’ve tried Lorazepam and a ton of other anxiety medicines but none of them ever totally fixed my anxiety like Lorazepam did
You could turn off “turn off your tv with remote” option and then pair it with a Bluetooth speaker. I do that for white noise sometimes but the Apple TV has a white light indicator which is really bright at night 
It’s the name of a drag Queen 
Have you tried looking through purchases and then downloading it? I’ve had this problem before and that fixed it for me
I used this when I was prescribed Ritalin. I was getting to 3 pm every day feeling extremely burned out. Doing 20 minute intervals helped a lot. 
I’d rather be sent back to the room than left in the waiting room. At least then I can lay down. And I know they’ve cleaned the room so I won’t catch anything.
I’ve had a nurse mess up and not notify the doctor I was there. We were only there for 45 minutes though. Children’s chemo clinics always seem backed up. 
I kinda like that the villain isn’t as bad as that Max Rager Guy, but I am bored. The show still has its moments but if this was how season 1 was, I wouldn’t be watching anymore.
There’s no option for USA Today. I’ve contacted support about it and they just tell me it’s because of Siri suggestions, but turning that off doesn’t help either.
Verizon Up has a few months of kindle unlimited as a free offer too
I used 1Blocker but I’m not gonna spend $5 on an app when there’s tons of free alternatives that get updated more frequently.
What's the point of a new app? Is it just a redesign? 
I wouldn’t say it’s looked down upon, but a lot of people don’t see it as sex at all. I see it as sex but it’s a conversation you’d need to have with a potential boyfriend. 
I know they usually take a few weeks to be fully effective but I’ve usually felt a change immediately. Sometimes it’s a small change but any change is helpful
I was terrible to everyone around me during the heavy chemo. I just remember feeling irritated all the time for no reason, and I’d say terrible things. My mom at least knew anger and irritability is normal on chemo.
You’d have to have somewhere to store them though. It’s a lot easier just having it on iTunes or google play where I can stream it anywhere. 
I have a “for later” tag, an “essays” tag for school essays I’m working on, and a “tests” tag.
I get a ton of notifications from USA Today even though it isn’t an option in Apple News. I’ve had to turn off notifications just because of that
They did though. Apple Music is on android
They say it works but it messes up for me. My dog sleeps at the end of my bed and it still gives me weird results. 
Mine never recognized me. Even after I became allergic to him and my sister constantly played with him, he’d always act like we were strangers. He’d run to the back of his cage and run away from hands. He’d sit still if he was in someone’s lap though. 
We also bought him alone though. Pet store made it seem like they were basically hamsters. We did eventually get him friends but they all died after a few weeks (probably from the pet store recently mixing the guinea pigs and bunnies together). 
Brave New World is so much better than 1984. They were both disappointing but Brave New World didn’t make me feel like I wasted my time reading it. 
I HATE when forms as for medical history & medications but give you like 2 lines to do it. Especially when it asks for the day, month, and year of a surgery.
Don’t you usually provide a ton of information when checking out anyway? Like a shopping address?
I feel so awkward. I look so uncomfortable in pictures for some reason. Gaining weight didn’t help either since it went straight to my stomach.
I was 120 pounds when I got cancer. I lost so much in the hospital. I felt terrible, but I’ve always felt fat.
I carry around my old wheelchair cushion sometimes because I’m bony and my hip replacements make it hurt worse. Does that mean everyone thinks I’m carrying it around for hemorrhoids though?
Because people aren't going to realize that's what you want. They're not paying attention to the flower color. 
It’s not new. I’ve had it for a long time now.
Did they break up after the cancer though?
Also those little puke bag things they’ll give you. Those were amazing 
I listen to a lot of true crime stuff. I can’t stand no commentary, but I also can’t stand a ton of commentary. Like, tell me what you think was the most likely killer was, but don’t go into each suspect.
I’d like this. Although having a favorite app button seems redundant since there’s a most used apps widget
How are people gonna know that though? A lot of users don’t visit the subreddit.
I don’t mind lol. Most people probably don’t realize what they’re doing. I’m just happy someone took the time and effort to give me something. 
Thank you! I thought it was XD but thought I was remembering it wrong because of Disney XD
I think it was for everything. They had a lot of their characters including the muppets, monsters inc guys, etc. I remember Pooh bear too
If you’re given everything through an IV, how easily will you be able to work out? It takes some time to get used to it unless you’re one of those people who can ignore big pieces of plastic shoved in their skin
I can’t imagine them making something people use once a day (at the most) for a few seconds. There’s nothing to really improve. 
There’s a lot of people that do enjoy it. People complained when they released stories. People always complain.
No. She said they kinda ignored him but it wasn’t bullying
I like using it to add Netflix movies to, since the Netflix list thing sucks so much
Oh okay I’m glad I’m not the only one. I’ve been trying for 3 years. I have that “is it me or the medicine?” thing all the time and it’s super frustrating.
Just wondering, how long did it take you to find the right medicine for you (assuming you’ve found it)?
I use it pretty heavily so I get about 4 hours of constant use. I’ve had an iPod Touch most of my life so this battery is still so much better than my iPod Touch 6’s battery 
iPhone 6 at 89%. It’s like 3 years old. It used to be my friends phone until he upgraded.
It could give me a panic attack. Having pain in my body is one thing, but not being able to breathe right is torture.
You could try things like sending your MIL gifts. Getting gifts was the best thing during chemo. Helping the mother as best you can will help your wife feel a little better too. 
Like a runny nose? I had that start a few months after chemo. It lasted through my 3 year treatment. I stopped chemo 8 months ago and I still have the runny nose. The doctors say it’s very common. I have yet to find anything that helps with it.
It would have most likely ended up with them being killed. I don’t think they’re selfish, since who would call the government knowing that would end up in death?
I think they are gonna introduce a subscription. I think I read that on their twitter or their blog
Making notes that I took a certain medicine so that I can check later to see if it’s time to take the next dose 
Can someone explain to me the hate of moderates? I never understood why people seem to hate them more than radicals
I wish people would add sources too though if it became a weekly thing 
My mom is the exact same way in regards to pretending I’m not even gay. At least it taught me that being gay should not be my personality
I like Philip Defranco’s videos but it’s like every video he goes on a rant that basically goes “if you think ______ is okay then unsubscribe right now, you piece of shit” and it’s not that I disagree with him or anything, but it’s in SO many videos. It goes from 0 to 100 in 5 seconds and just adds a ton of negativity and ruins the flow of the video. It’s so aggressive too. Oh well.
I don’t understand why it’s assumed they’re trying to downplay his crime. IMO it comes off as them just explaining one of the reasons he killed someone
Oh okay thanks! I’ve been seeing it around and was wondering why it was happening.
I wish I could set an open time kinda thing, like 1 pm-3pm instead of just 1 pm. So that instead of my phone going off at exactly 1 pm, it could go off any time between 1 & 3.
That’s what I thought too. First they told me I qualified for make a wish. Then they told me anyone with a life threatening illness gets a wish, after my face went white.
Why do you put the quotation mark on the bottom of the beginning of the quote? I’ve seen this a few times but I don’t know why people do it
It frustrates me that people think gay people are all the same. It’s like when people except us to be into fashion just because we’re gay. The US has become so much more accepting than it used to be. The right definitely has homophonic people, but the left has just as many homophobes.
I flew for the first time in December. It was neat (reading on the plane, all the white noise, the view) but it’s definitely not worth the price. I also got terrible mucus the following week. I prefer just riding in the car because it’s cheaper and easier. I can pack whatever I want and I don’t have to worry about germs. 
It’s a pain. My cousins lived there and there’s a huge difference between siblings of the same family that were raised in Alabama vs Montana. People living in Montana get much less social interaction (if any) and there’s almost nowhere to go besides church. I remember my uncle complaining that arranging play dates was almost impossible because no one wanted to drive that far.
Black. White socks just feel gross to me. Black also goes with stuff I wear. White socks just look ugly to me for some reason. 
I don’t normally cuss, but if I do, it’d be around people I knew were okay with it. Definitely not around strangers. 
I support what they’re doing, but I absolutely cannot stand the media coverage. Twitter’s main headline moment thing today was signs of politicized spongebob meme posters. A lot of it is really condescending too.
Do they make good money from that?
I love your channel! Thanks!
I think that’s a little different. The trailers seem to show that the movie is about a gay guy dealing with him being gay, not just 2 guys falling in love. 
Thank you so much! I’ve always wanted this
Have you tried Way of Life?
I hated the 5 minute to class rule in school. Especially for band class, you had to be in your chair, with your instrument ready, your chair set up, your music stand set up, along with your music sheets out before the bell rung. It was ridiculous and made it impossible to even think about going to your locker between classes
Doesn’t flux turn more red later at night? It seems more customizable on the Mac 
You can turn on a settings to where pressing “menu” 3 times turns it off and on
How do you get them to not eat to soap? If we weren’t right there to stop my dog, he’d go straight to licking up the soap
I actually enjoy them. They don't take away anything from the rest of the game, and they give us something extra to do if we want to.
I think they were just talking about the title saying the money came from Black Panther. Disney was still a huge, rich company before that movie.
Level 63, 4439 5065 720, I help with the quarry, play multiple times a day, and keep my market boxes full with mostly peaches and cherries.
I also set my market box prices to the minimum.
Thank you!
Wouldn’t the article title give away enough information?
How do you teach the nose touch thing?
Why visit them at all then? If I go see a terrible movie, I still have to pay.
I have my lamp to turn on at 8 am every morning with my smart plug. I really wish the alarm app worked with homekit though.
She’s wearing an Under Armor jacket. I don’t think she cares.
I assume most people who would buy a HomePod in the first few weeks would be satisfied with it. 
Not trying to defend her or anything, but cancer always has a chance of coming back. Even if it somehow cured her, the cancer can always come back.
Are there any articles from Apple about it? I know they’ve said it’s meant to not close out apps from the switcher, but I’ve had problems if I don’t close out my apps from the switcher on older devices
I wish we could choose flower colors. I prefer the flowers over the trees, but the amount of flowers it has also makes it look like a town that hasn’t been taken care of for years. 
Wouldn't it be better to just close every app then, since that would fix any malfunctioning apps? How would you know an app is malfunctioning unless you closely watch your battery info?
Where was it solved?
Elisa Lam. I’d be fine just knowing whether someone actually murdered her or not.
Why does every single post on here involving Facebook turn into “delete your Facebook account. I did and now I’ve gotten so much time back.”
Like congratulations, you now waste your time on Reddit instead of Facebook. 
I use it to follow companies, like Nintendo. I follow some news sites too, mainly the 9to5 news stuff. 
Moments and trending used to be really good too, but that seems to have gotten really biased and negative.
Just being able to mute stuff is the main reason I use it honestly. I can mute all political nonsense from my feed
I have a love/hate relationship with getting a grade for attending.
I love how it’s an easy, extra grade.
I hate how you have to be at every single class to get a 100. I missed a few classes last semester because of a surgery. I got a 0 for that day. I have relaxed attendance anyway due to my illness, but it’s still ridiculous. 
I ignore the touch bar 90% of the time. Sometimes it’s useful, like making something in Pages bold or italic. Changing the volume seems like it takes longer but I’m not sure. Not having buttons to quickly press is annoying with the volume.
I love having Touch ID though. Definitely makes it worth it.
I had ALL too! The first year was tough. I was 17 at the time, and for reading, I found that Diary of a Wimpy Kid really helped. I had trouble reading books, but I could always read those.

Rewatching shows helped a lot too. I’d just put on Psych in the background. I would play the same 4 episodes from a DVD every day until I felt like changing it. No one seems to understand how I can do that, but explaining chemo brain is hard.

I’d also play a ton of mobile games. I couldn’t get into normal video games for some reason, but I could spend hours playing Flow Free or Don’t Touch the Spikes. I don’t know how I did that.

Podcasts might work well for you. I listened to them a lot during my third year of chemo. I’m normally distracted when I watch tv anyway, but not having anything to focus on with my eyes helped.

Learning was way too difficult for me. I rushed through my online classes for high school so I could just be done with it.

Also, I loved the hospital food. I loved their meat spaghetti. I hated how they’d always make you order a dessert and a drink. I’ve got water, and I usually don’t eat dessert. Why is it such a big deal if I don’t order those?

You could also ask about Ativan. It helped a lot with passing the time on terrible days. I’d be anxious to go out and do stuff but my body wasn’t working well.
I love it. I like the way cloudy days light my room when I open the blinds, compared to a sunny day. It’s just enough sunlight.
I do hate how my dog’s paws get muddy though 
I hate using a phone without a case. It's really slippery and uncomfortable to hold. I still treat my phone well, but I'm not gonna risk breaking my phone. It's not like I get a new iPhone every time Apple releases a new one.
I can breathe through my nose but it constantly runs. It’s called a “chemo cold” but my chemo treatment lasted 3 years, and it’s been 6 months, and the runny nose is still there. I miss not having to carry tissues around with me everywhere. Trying to find a job is hard because I either have to use a tissue every minute or two, or risk liquid falling out of my nose.
The weird pauses throw me off. Like he’ll go from sentence to sentence without pausing, then pause in the middle of a sentence. I don’t know why.
On the photos app on Mac, click on a photo, press command + i, then double click on the date. It’ll let you change it
I think it’s authorizing for every possible applet, not just the applet you’re enabling. Otherwise you’d have to go through this for every Reddit applet you enable
It’s like the real life version of Tiny Wings
I think it’ll probably be like Wild World and City Folk. I remember a bunch of people still playing Wild World after City Folk was released.
The Switch being portable might change that, but it’s not as portable as a 3DS.
My school used it for the gifted and AP classes. We loved being in there 
You can’t wish for money either. They’ll give you money if you go on a trip (I think mine was $1,000?) but they’re really focused on kids doing something for themselves instead of their family. 
They’re just discussing the HomePod. If they wanted to buy it, they’d comment on multiple posts about how they’re looking forward to it.
When there’s a lot of people, half of them don’t even show up. And even if it’s just 3 people, sometimes one person’s swipes don’t register and we have to restart the game 
I like how it shows what’s currently playing on my Apple TV in the control center bubble. It’s a pretty neat feature 
They might have to turn soon
My dad got a touchbar Mac and gave it to me in exchange for my older Mac. It’s been a few weeks and I still don’t use the touchbar. Most of the time it’s just “oh, I could’ve used the touchbar for that.”
This is one of my favorite episodes. The Creeper always terrified me as a kid, and now that I'm older, I think it's funny how his costume kinda sucks. It's scary but it's very obviously the bank manager 
I wish I got used to needles. It’s been 3 years and it still makes me dizzy
It’s a mix of both, at least for me. I have to power through it usually, and finding a way to enjoy work helps a lot. Even when I want to do a project, I can usually only get a few hours of hard work done a day until my brain gets exhausted. Doing a level in a video game and then working on my paper for a few minutes is the best method for me. 
I thought I would have trouble on my first flight a few weeks ago since I hate heights. Turns out, looking at the ground from an airplane window feels so much safer than a skyscraper.
I did have trouble with feeling claustrophobic though. It felt like I was in an MRI machine 
Reddit is made differently. Reddit has conversations because no one has to follow you to see your comments. But with Twitter, you either need to know a lot of people, follow celebrities, or hope for one of your tweets to get popular. Everyone starts out the same on Reddit. What you say matters, not your verification status. 
Probably for the puddle reflection
Restoring helped a lot for me. Closing my apps out of the switcher helps too. Everyone says it's not needed but it's helped a lot with the lag
The other games kinda have timers too though. Like refurbishing takes 30 minutes to an hour. PWPs take until midnight. Ordering furniture would take until the next mail delivery.
Pocket Camp gives you an option to bypass all that if you want to
Does Tex award more cotton than other villagers or something? Why specifically him?
When did they start doing minimum cashouts? I remember one game where the cash out was $2.50 per person
Mine did this too when that scene came up. I don’t know why that scene set my dog off. He doesn’t do it with any other movie with dogs barking/howling
Kindle with social offers. They’re cheap, and are so much easier on my eyes than a screen. I do hate shopping on amazon though. Shopping for ebooks is harder now that it shows “$0.00 with kindle unlimited” in large text 
I love and hate the remote. Accidental touches are annoying, especially when it’s in my lap and I’m listening to a podcast. Some gesture makes the podcast skip to the next episode and it’s frustrating.
It’s one of my favorite remotes though. Having a trackpad is so much better than up & down buttons
Hip replacement as a young person. It’s probably the most invasive and painful surgery I’ve ever had. I don’t know how older people deal with it
Mine’s boxer (mixed with pit bull maybe?) and his tail hits everything. There’s nothing low enough for him to break though. He hits the wall if he turns a corner but that’s it
It’s got it’s moments. I think a lot of shows get old after awhile. The characters aren’t consistent at all though. They make the same mistakes. 
I don’t think the relationships are a big thing in the later seasons. I think Bellamy kissed a guy at the end of an episode? I don’t know 
Definitely worse. I’d always thought cancer was about fighting but it felt more like surviving. For the first year I had energy to do normal things, but that eventually got worse. Every cancer patient I’ve met had less than a year of chemo. One of them is at college running track. The other one is back to being a normal kid. I’m taking 1 class at college. I got my hips replaced.
The chemo was whatever. It made me nauseous and tired. The side effects are the worst part. Avascular necrosis, tooth decay, fatigue, brain fog. I had no idea how bad the side effects were. I thought it was just gonna be a ton of puking and then I’d be better after a few years
How can people be okay with not getting enough sleep anyway? Not being able to stay awake is a terrible feeling. Caffeine only helps with my headaches. 
Am I missing something? The last thing it loads is "It's time we fought back." but there's nothing to press or do
Have you tried Lookmark? It’s a wishlist app
I had this problem when I did full-time college. I could never hang out with friends or do anything because each day was exhausting and I just wanted to go home and sleep afterwards. Taking a few classes is so much easier on me. I can focus on those classes now and getting good grades instead of “what’s the minimum grade I need to pass?” I don’t think I’ve ever done that though. Unless a teacher has a study guide, it’s a gamble.
Like searching “zesty sauce Burger King”, you’ll have to scroll down a little to find anything that says “Burger King” in it (unless you know the nutrition info for everything you eat). Probably less of a problem if you eat 100% natural, but any brand name stuff is hard to find.
No. I like their reminders app too much. I use it for medicines. Google’s reminders disappeared so I’d forget I even had a reminder.
And I hated everything being in the browser with Google services. I like Google Photos more than apple’s photos app, but I don’t want to deal with my pictures in chrome
You could try Evolve Health. It’s 100% free. It’s not as good as My Fitness Pal, but there’s no ads at least. Both work with Apple health
My iPhone 6 has this problem, except it never loads my widgets that quick. I’ve tried removing some widgets but it didn’t help much
I don’t understand why, if I don’t add 4 buttons at a time, it’ll leave empty space on the bottom of the screen. That space is the easiest to get to. Why does the column not move down if I have empty space?
Didn’t Facebook use to have that bug that caused it to stay in the background and drain battery though?
-	odor?
-	air freshener?
-	not enough light?
-	too much light?
-	eggs?
My voice became like that after chemo. Trying to talk to strangers in loud places is frustrating. Everything sounds louder to me now too.
I use it for email stuff. Like I can get top posts in a certain subreddit, or I can get certain blog posts in my reading list. I can also get top posts in NoSleep sent to Instapaper, then that'll send to my Kindle every day. You can do the same with news.
The x-ray feature is great. I always find myself wondering who a certain actor is, and it’ll tell me right on the screen. 
Chronic pain makes everyone irritable. Have you tried any calming medicine? I take Lorazepam when the pain medicines aren’t working. I’ll still be in pain, but it decreases my irritability for a few hours
I don’t know why every hospital doesn’t use tiny needles for blood work. You have to ask for a smaller needle unless you’re at a children’s hospital.
We had that. Except I couldn’t see the screen and after the movie ended, the title menu song thing kept repeating. I had to sit there for 2.5 hours 
Everyone’s screen gets oily after it touches their face though
How would iCloud change that? It still syncs when I’ve read a message, and it’ll still have to load the messages regardless.
How did the catchiness of their songs drop so much after Camila left? Wouldn’t they have been using the same producers?
The music video thing is cool but every other video is Bohemian Rhapsody
It might have been a scanned document
You’re pretty much out of luck if you’re not a kid or a woman. I was a kid, so I at least got some free help when I had cancer. Though, when I tried searching for cancer services, it was 90% women with breast cancer. It’s frustrating.
Do people crave Ativan like they do with pain killers? My psychiatrist told me it could be addicting, but I’ve never heard of anyone getting addicted to it.
You can also upload your purchased music with Apple Music.
Spotify also has integration with other services, like Last.fm and Genius. 
I use it. It’s the only way I can remember to drink plenty of water instead of just a few glasses
Animal Crossing. To complete the catalogue
The 3DS had some problems too. Like Play Coins. There was a time where I wasn’t able to walk at all, so I either had to shake it or ask someone to put it in their pockets.
That boy’s death in The Boy in the Striped Pajamas. None of us realized what happened until the teacher explained to us what the train cars were and what a shower meant.
The movie also made me feel worse.
This one of the main reasons I don’t trust pet stores. I think it was Pet Land that told me keeping a fish in a bowl is fine. A lot of the workers seem to only know things because they’ve heard it from another worker before.
Would you rather them complain about it nonstop, until the next iPhone? People see something they don’t like, complain about it, and then move on.
They’re not even close to normal aquariums though. The rides are alright but if you want fish, go to an aquarium.
I’d rather have the 24 posts filtered out than having to see a post I don’t like in the first place.

Wouldn’t it just load other posts though? If 24 posts are filtered out, it’d just load 24 other posts. 
I’m the opposite. I’m a guy, and I’ve always hated how limited guys’ clothing options are. I hate how it’s the same few outfits for every season. The most unique thing I can do is change the color of the shirt.
In high school, a friend was gonna flush 5 minnows down the toilet. I took them home instead, put them in a glass bowl, and loved them. I hated how small their bowl was, but I made sure to keep it clean.
I have a turtle now, and feeding her fish is not something I’m comfortable with. I’ll get someone else to do it. 
It’s a cliffhanger. It seemed like it was just setting up the second season.
Drive-thru pharmacies are amazing. Especially for sick people, or people with physical handicaps. Also a smaller chance of catching someone else’s sickness
Everything is difficult when you’re in a wheelchair. The biggest problem I had was how exhausting it was getting my wheelchair in and out of my car. And then if I forgot something in the house, I’d have to do all that again. 
Being able to block keywords is what sold me. I don’t know it’s not implemented in more apps, it seems like such a basic feature
I like to think I was nice, but I was also a teenager at the time so I don’t know. I don’t think I’ve ever met another person with cancer that wasn’t extremely nice. That could be because of all the pain meds we’re on though
I don’t understand why anyone goes to Sea World. It’s just Six Flags but with some fish. The ENTIRE place smells like dead fish, and trying to navigate that place without a map is impossible. The aquariums there are amazing though
So it’s basically time traveling? Animal Crossing has always been a grind anyway, nothing’s changed except now you’ll have to pay to speed stuff up
What’s wrong with that? I’m excited for people to get to know some Animal Crossing characters.
Isn’t every Animal Crossing game filled with grinding?
I’d love a Scooby Doo icon
Yes and no. We did do some chores, but my mom stayed at home when we were kids so we would help her out whenever she asked but that wasn't often. We didn't get an allowance, but if we wanted or needed something they'd usually get it if it was reasonable (like a pack of gum, not a gameboy). We were also never got home until 6 pm every week day, and the weekends were sports and church.
They did try allowances once but it didn't take off for us? I don't really remember it. My parents told me they stopped because we were already doing chores by that time and we didn't really care.

After I got cancer, they offered to pay me to do chores when I felt good, but my good days were few and far between. My stamina also sucked so the most I could do before becoming exhausted was vacuum a room or two. 
It takes 1 mistake for it to slip out of your hand and hit the ground. I care about how a phone looks but I care more about being able to drop it without cracking the screen. 
open the notes app > new note > then above the keyboard there's a little bar with icons. click the +, then click "Scan Documents"
Not sure if this is the right place to ask, but why have movie studios started changing the movie poster art for digital movies? Like Black Swan’s got changed awhile ago, the Scooby Doo movies, and most Pixar movies. What’s the point?
They never stay in my brother’s ears. He has to use in-ear earphones. I’m the exact opposite
The most helpful has been the note scanner. I use it to scan graphs and stuff to upload to quizlet.
The control center would be my favorite if the little music control thing wasn’t so small.
Don’t they say this for every iOS release?
I do 1080/60 on my iPhone 6 because you can only shoot videos of life events once. Like if I’m recording my dog, and he does something funny, that’s a rare thing I wouldn’t be able to replicate.
Space isn’t an issue either, since I have iCloud and could just upload my videos to YouTube if I have to.
Are you talking about how iMessage notifications disappear after awhile? It happens if I don’t reply to something in a few hours (I don’t understand this feature at all).
If you mean the messages disappearing, reappearing, and then disappearing again or something like that, do you have iMessage notifications to repeat notifications every few minutes?
What does everyone do that would need markups for things? I’ve only ever used markup for when someone asks me “How do I ______?”
I’m excited about it. I’ve always wanted a lite version of Animal Crossing. It seems like it’ll have the same micro transactions as Miitomo, and Miitomo’s micro transactions weren’t terrible. 
Late November. Does that mean we’re getting it in January?
I loved the movie too but I still kinda enjoyed the show
I figured it out! After finally figuring out how to chat with tech support, they told me it's coming from siri's "find content in other apps" feature. It's suggesting USA Today stories even though I've only read 1 article from them.
I don't see USA Today as an option
https://imgur.com/a/T7ain
I want to try to contact support but there's no support option for the news app.
Is the step count goal the same for everyone? And the exercise goals? Like if someone started getting warts all over their feet, would the company change anything?
I have the percentage. I’ve had an iPod Touch my whole life. It was always frustrating having to guess how much battery I had left.
I like this. I wish we were able to just hide screen sharing. I've never used it.
I also wish that, if you only have 2 buttons on the bottom row, it's bring the column down instead of having empty space, or at least let us put some toggles on the top. I'd like to have the music toggle on the bottom since I use it so much.
I would if it would sync with my iPhone for alarms. Also if it could set alarms.
I really would only use Siri for quick questions if I'm too lazy to unlock my phone and open up safari. If I'm on my Mac, it's already unlocked and quickly loads Safari. I don't have to risk Siri messing up.
I do it just to stop the stutter my iPhone 6 has when opening apps. If I've recently used a lot of apps, then go to open a game, it'll freeze for a little bit. I usually don't close all the apps out of my switcher until after the phone gets old and slows down.
I like how they clarified it would ONLY be about the mobile game. It seems like every single Direct they have is filled with comments saying "um ok but when are you releasing _____??"
It’s less about where you’re playing and more about who you’re with. Having a kid play alone is terrible whether you’re inside or outside. Having siblings helps a lot too. Why would an only child want to play outside by themselves?
Try pressing the Siri button a few times. This happens to me whenever my Apple TV goes to sleep after 30 minutes.
I don't know anyone in real life who likes Animal Crossing :/ Even the people who do know about it just say "animal crossing? I remember playing that on the gamecube!"
I’m at home most of the time, but I still prefer single player. I’m just playing for fun so I feel bad whenever a game requires multiplayer because I end up losing.
I feel really behind everyone in school. At one of the colleges I went to, most people already knew all about code and how exactly computers work. I don’t know much. I’ve tried learning code on my own but I need a teacher and a textbook to study while I practice. 
r/FeMRADebates has a lot of conversations going on. I'm pretty sure they've completely hidden the downvote buttons too, so only comments breaking the rules will be dealt with.
Thank you!
I'm the opposite. I either like a song or I don't like a song. A 1-star song doesn't mean I necessarily dislike it.
Disney's just been trademarking everything. I can understand Mickey Mouse at least but not with things like Pooh Bear. I actually just did a speech on this for a class lol
How did they handle it?
I think a lot of people would consider it cheating, too. My partner having a vibrator would not be a problem. If he had a sex robot, I'd feel uncomfortable with that.
someone would have to hear it and then decide it's worth doing something about. It'd be better to get permission, but since you're releasing it on Spotify, I doubt anyone would care. And if you're editing it as much as the Dangerous Woodwind video, I don't think it's even a sample anymore.
why was jessie j's burnin up music video so widescreen. they don't even put it to good use. there's so much empty space. it's like when rich people sit at really long tables
Is there any way to quickly turn off reduce loud sounds? I use it for videos and podcasts, but I turn it off for music. I can't find a way to turn it off in the music app either.
I didn't think about hospital morgues. That's probably it
Thanks!
Thank you!
• AZZL is great! The controls can be annoying sometimes but it's still a lot of fun.
• Framed is also a good game. I like playing it with other people in the room so we can take turns. I don't know if it's meant to be a social game but it works well as one
• Angry Birds Go
• the hungry shark games
• chicken jump is also something your sister might like. There's a feature that lets you put the remote in your pocket and jump (i would've loved that when I was a kid)
You get used to night shift. I hated it at first, but it's amazing at night. It's also great when I have headaches.
Airplay with music isn't working very well for me. Instead of taking a few seconds to connect to my Apple TV, it'll take like 10 seconds, then start stuttering and then just quit playing.
It's probably a bug, since videos still work fine.
Anecdotal, but when me and my brother were kids, we'd share toys with my sister. That meant barbies, dolls, stuffed animals, nail polish, whatever. People would constantly make fun of me for it, but my sister playing with the Hot Wheels & LEGOs wasn't a big deal. I never understood why people care so much about what kids play with. A lot of girl-targeted stuff has neat features like color changing hair. Most of the guy-targeted stuff was camo 
What is the best way to learn code? I have a lot of free time but there's so many to choose from. I'd like to learn how to make an app, and right now I'm just doing core classes in college, but I'd like to get into it sooner.
Is there any way to change the length for leaving in the Home app? Like when I leave the house, x turns off. It worked if I go pretty far, but if I go outside to play with my dog, it doesn't recognize that I left my house.
I wish Telegram would take off with a lot more people. iMessage is the second best imo. WhatsApp is fine but I'd rather a username than a phone number
I really wish Telegram would take off here. It's one of the best, but everyone I know uses Facebook Messenger or iMessage. Whatsapp is great too but only being able to set it up with a smartphone sucks.
Thanks! I was hoping someone would make this
I started getting into Workflow, mainly because I wanted a way to quickly log whenever I play outside with my dog. Since I’m still recovering from things, that’s my main form of exercise. I really like it so far. I wish there were more Workflows in the gallery though.
Whenever my dog gets a new toy, he’ll bring it outside just to set it down on the porch, poop, then pick it up and bring it back inside
It seemed sketchy at first but it's definitely legit.
I really hope they release a tv show version of this. I have one season of Scooby Doo on Vudu, and another on iTunes. TV shows cost a lot more than movies anyway, this would be great.
Are the coaches performing anything? I'm watching through the NBC app and I'm not seeing anything
I do love the accessibility features on my iOS devices, but I wish they were a little more customizable. Like the wheelchair function is great, but it won't let you track your steps if you enable it. That's fine if you absolutely cannot walk at all, but sucked for me since I used a wheelchair 90% of the time, but still wanted to track my steps without it. The Apple Watch also didn't let me change my daily exercise time goal. It was great with helping me recover from a hip replacement, but 30 minutes of exercise not including walking is almost impossible.
Most exercise apps have these problems though. The Apple Watch was much better for me compared to Fitbit and other apps. Stand reminders were also great
It’s got some movies and tv shows Netflix doesn’t have. Also being able to pause and rewind things is really helpful.
I think Google Drive is the best if you use other computers (like in a computer lab, or a shared family computer). I used Google Docs all throughout high school. For the past year or two, I've used iCloud. When I had an english composition app, trying to make documents with the browser was terrible. It was ugly, and I felt like I was using notepad. 

Google Docs has everything I've needed for writing papers. People always say Microsoft Word has a ton more features, but I don't think an average person will need a bunch of features.

Google Drive also has a lot of free storage. I pay for cloud storage now, but paying for cloud storage was not even an option in high school. I love using iCloud now that I have a Mac and I don't use other computers. I don't trust it as much as Google Drive for important stuff, but I like using an app instead of a browser for certain things. 

It's not as bad as the iPhone 4S updates were, but it still kinda sucks. It doesn't seem to handle widgets as well, so I've had to remove a few of them.
It's not as bad as the iPhone 4S updates were, but it still kinda sucks. It doesn't seem to handle widgets as well, so I've had to remove a few of them.
I wish they'd make it easier to find Emojis. Eventually they'll have to because it's a struggle trying to find what you're looking for sometimes.
How do fish know when to stop swimming? Do they just start feeling pressure and know when to go up?
If they do, then what about fish who usually stay in the deeper parts? Do they just not go up because they don’t feel like it?
I love it, but I feel like every other call is trying to fix some problem where we can’t hear each other. Google Hangouts works fine, and I’ve never had a problem with it until recently. I am using an iPhone without a SIM card, but it does the same whether I have a SIM in it or not
She thought I said “what is the national anthem of bull Gary yeah”
I was mistaken. I realized it was really https instead of encrypted.
me > gear icon (settings) > journal. then press % and it'll let you change the daily calorie goal
Evolve is pretty good. It suffers from the same stuff a lot of food trackers do though: finding the specific brand name I need. Like I wanted to log Tyson Popcorn Chicken. The app only pulled up “Popcorn Chicken”, so I had to search online to make sure the results were the same. It’s definitely better than using MFP though. I can get meal reminder notifications without “You hit your step goal!!!” notifications
for iTunes, you have to apply for it. They're very strict with their guidelines though. You'd need to have a good reason to be accepted for it.
I’ve had this problem even without an Apple TV. All my stuff streams on SD now. At least my data cap is now 1000 GB instead of 300.
I’ve used an iPod Touch for 6 years. I was lucky to get 3 hours out of it. I’m using my friend’s old iPhone 6 now and I get at most 4 hours out of it. I don’t keep a sim in it anymore, but the battery life is the same. 
It seems like searching for brand name foods doesn't work reliably unless I have a barcode. Like with Barilla elbow pasta. The result that seems to match it is just "elbows pasta". I at least know the calories, but there's cases where I don't know how many calories something is (like if a friend cooks something)
I love Safari. Having my passwords sync to all my devices is great (I think chrome does this too, but I'm not sure if you can view them on iOS or not). Reading List is also amazing.
I think the main difference between Safari and Chrome, besides Chrome having more extension support, is Chrome seems to be made to use all your Google services. That's the main thing I didn't like about owning an Android phone and a Mac. I have a computer, why would I want to do everything through a browser?
They've improved it a lot over the years. With iOS 6 on my iPod Touch 4, it'd only adjust the brightness when I unlocked it. If I unlocked it while walking in front a bright room to a dark room, it'd stay bright until I locked it and unlocked it again.
I don’t hate it that much. AMP would be fine if they gave us an option to turn it off.
I made a longer post [here](https://medium.com/@michdavidadams/how-to-get-rid-of-google-amp-on-ios-194b1b600ddf?source=linkShare-a775f6c7ce66-1506792283)
I also don’t have ad blocking enabled, so I’m not sure if that would be affecting you or not. 
Instead of opening a ink in an app (like reddit), it'll show AMP. It only takes a few seconds to get it to open in the app, but it's annoying having to do it every time.
It depends on what it is. If someone needs to gain weight (I have before), they’re probably not eating much. My oncologists told me to eat whatever, gain weight, and then worry about eating healthier.
Mine is wanting to ease into it, but no food tracker really seems to be made to start eating healthier. Like with LifeSum. It’s either healthy or not healthy, instead of considering what’s better or worse for me.
Like, if I eat a salad from Zaxby’s. It’s not very good for me, but it’s miles better than eating fries. Food trackers don’t care about this. I wish an app would tell me “You ate a salad! Next time, try adding less dressing.” Even though I can do this on my own, it’s really discouraging if I can’t see a graph of my improvements. 
What's the point of enabling lock screen notifications on my iPad and iPod Touch? Is there anyone who likes getting notifications from every device when they're not using it? I really wish notifications would only go off on my other devices when I'm not using my iPhone. I set do not disturb to only work when the device is locked, but I can't imagine a situation where someone would want their iPad going off while using their iPhone.
I used that a ton during high school. I loved it. I like having all my music on 1 services though. I also don't like how the cover art for songs is stretched out across the screen. 
It would be wasting money, so why would people buy it if they just want to stream?

I agree they will get more powerful. $30 streaming sticks are the feature phones. Currently though, there's no reason to get an Apple TV for anything other than games and media. There will be more services for it in the future, but they'll need upgrade their Apple TV for that. By then, there might be more competition, or the current competition will improve their devices to compete with the Apple TV.
I love my Apple TV, but unless someone owns mostly apple devices, there's no way they'd be able to justify spending $150 to watch Netflix. Having some games is nice, but at the end of the day, I got the Apple TV to watch tv shows.

I think the average customer doesn't care if their $30 device makes them the product. A lot of streaming services have ads. Why would an ad on the home screen matter to someone if they're still going to get ads on Hulu? Most people don't spend a lot of time on the home screen anyway. They don't care if they have to see an ad for an Amazon product before opening Netflix.
AR still works without ARkit though. It's not as good as ARkit but AR still works.
Nothing will ever top the bug that wouldn't add new music to your iPhone. You had to delete and sync your whole music library every time you put a new song in iTunes.
I'm sure it's not as bad as a bricked phone but it was still annoying.
I like it!
What's the point of the ring around the menu button? Does it feel different than the other buttons?
This kinda stuff comes up in the news a lot. Usually with students. People have really strong opinions about it.
There was also the presidential election going on last year, so that probably overshadowed it.
I'd consider Spotify if they added the ability to upload songs. I love Spotify's playlists but it's not worth having to keep all my songs on my device.
I love it. It's basically just Google Play Music, but not hideous. Even though I really don't buy music anymore, I love being able to upload music. That's the main thing Apple Music has over Spotify.
This happens to me with my exchange account too. It's frustrating. I just do all my emails on my computer now.
You could try just setting the notifications for that app to show badge app icon. I do that for the games where I'd like to know the updates, but I don't want them clogging up my notification center and lock screen.
Or you could just turn off notification center notifications. So you can still get them on the lock screen, but once you unlock, they won't show up in the NC.
• People actually debate on here. A lot of other subs downvote opinions they disagree with, or they start insulting. You don't even have the option to downvote.
• it seems like every thread is it's own debate, with different opinions as the top comments. it's not predictable. If I go on a conservative subreddit, I'd expect to see conservative opinions. If I go on a democrat subreddit, I'd expect to see democratic opinions. On here, I don't know what someone's thoughts are gonna be.
• really friendly community. I know people say that even for terrible communities, but I don't think I've ever seen a rude comment on here. 
• I can see different opinions that aren't passive-aggressive.

I can see why someone thinks we're congratulating each other on being open minded, but I think it's more of us just having a friendly debate. I don't always want a Change My View kinda thing. I just want speak my mind without having to decide if a comment is worth the downvotes. Not that karma really matters anyway, but being downvoted (and seeing someone being downvoted) is really discouraging.
Settings > Accessibility > Speech (it's in the first section titled VISION) > Voices
I have 64 gb and I play some games, but I still only use 18 gb. Unless you're tight on money, I'd just go with the 64 gb. Better to be safe than sorry
I love using my friend's iPhone 7 because of this. It's so satisfying. I don't really care for the home button feedback, but I love it for control center and the notification center.
Her music is also really catchy. The videos get old after awhile, but releasing music helps bring people back in.
It's a relief that it's gone, but I got used to it after about 6 months. How long was your treatment? I'm not sure if it would've been possible for me to refuse it since my treatment was 3 years
Did you have the kind of port with the line? Mine didn't have the line, it was just a circle thing above my heart
Thanks! I'll check out your podcast
I've had to turn off notifications for the game and only keep badge app icons on. I like being notified when a character finishes a task, but I don't need the spam notifications.
Yes, it was from the avascular necrosis. Definitely get something done about it asap because it only gets worse. If you wait, and get to the point to where you're barely walking, recovery will be a lot harder. They stopped my chemo a week before the surgery and a week after. 

The surgery itself is really terrible. Everything hurts, it's terrifying, and you can't do anything for like a week. It's kind of annoying that I have to regularly stretch or my thighs will hurt, but it's better than avascular necrosis.

I don't know if you live alone or not, but it's not a surgery you can go through by yourself. You'll need someone with you at the house unless you have an amazing pain tolerance.
What did Alexx Mack do with her Like We're Famous EP? It's not on iTunes. It's not on Apple Music. The music videos from that EP aren't on her Youtube anymore. I can't find anything about it and it's driving me crazy. Is she trying to rebrand her image/music? What's the point in doing that if you're only gonna keep 1 single from last year? 
Is there any way to turn it into an image? I use it to scan stuff from my textbook to put into Quizlet, but it only lets me turn it into a pdf and then an image, but when it turns it into a pdf, it centers it on a blank white pdf paper thing
I used to buy mp3's from Amazon. I needed to start fresh with their cloud player thing, so I deleted everything and assumed I'd be able to add the purchased music back. It treated it like I never bought any music in the first place. It'd tell me I purchased it when I went to the mp3 product page, but that's it. I emailed support about it and they told me it permanently deletes it. I don't know if it's still the same, but I don't trust it anymore.
I mean, it's cool to look at, but it adds nothing to the gameplay. It probably makes it a little harder because you have to hold your phone at a weird angle.
Does it really bother people when family members ask them for tech help? We’ve all asked out parents how to do stuff before. I ask my dad about car issues whenever they come up. Most of the time, stuff my siblings & parents ask me to do doesn’t take very long.
Get accommodations from the student services/disability office. I've never had a problem with teachers if you have an accommodation letter. You should be able to get relaxed attendance. You can also get relaxed due dates, but I don't think I've ever used it because I do all my work early.
If I wasn't in the Apple ecosystem, I'd definitely use Amazon. But I do hate how deleting something (like an ebook or tv show episode) from your library permanently deletes it. You have to purchase it again if you want it back.
Number 3 has been happening for years. Even worse if you get a notification when that happens. It's happened with my iPod Touch 5 & 6, iPhone 4S & iPhone 6, and iPad 4. 
Phones are also thinner and larger now. Cases don't make it that much thicker unless you're using one of those Otterbox-type cases.

Cases also give it more traction. Without a case, my iPhone slips off any fabric. It also sticks to the table a little better.
Does it lag for anyone else? After I press the buttons, it'll take a few seconds for the flash to happen. I'm on iPhone 6
It's really glitchy but it's a lot less glitchy than iOS 8. Remember that bug where it wouldn't add new music to your phone, so you'd have to erase all your music and then add it all back? 
It's really weird. They might have the titles there to make it easier to reach the top conversation like in messages. But there's just a bunch of empty space.
It seems like a really small update. I do like how the info bar when scrolling down during a video is a lot quicker. Automatic light and dark mode is also great (even though I'd rather automatic light sensitivity mode). Not being able to set "reduce loud sounds" only on videos is also annoying. I can't change it in music either, so I have to go to settings to change it.
I wonder how the questions in the study were asked though. I could easily see a ton of people assuming the wife would be staying at home with kids, so she wouldn't need to contribute financially. Especially since the difference in the percentages of people who think wives should do chores is really small.
It should be better, but it hasn't been out for very long. Tapped Out is 5 years old. I'm sure WoT will be as good as Tapped Out in 5 years.
3 hours is what I've gotten with my older devices (iPod Touch 4, 5, & 6; iPhone 4S & 6). It having a smaller battery anyway, and it being a few years old probably doesn't help. It's normal for old iPhones.
I had this problem on iOS 10. some of these sometimes worked:
- restarting phone
- connecting to an airplay speaker/apple tv (bluetooth might work, headphones too. i've only tried airplay)
- Going to the music app and playing music and them pausing & closing out of the app
How do you get these? I'd like to do it with other games
kinda late but: [bald meme](http://www.mtv.com/news/2944960/chainsmokers-halsey-lady-gaga-twitter-hacked/)

I think [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6eEBBmEY4o4) is the origin of the wig snatching meme according to [urban dictionary](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Snatching%20wigs)
They're happening pretty fast, but it's fine to skip events. That's what I'm doing until I unlock Leela. It's not like I'd be able to complete the event anyway
If I restore my Apple TV (I only have 1), will the home screen layout be there when I restore it?
I like it for some things, like the App Store. I don't like it for the weather app though. It made me feel like I was using an older person's phone.
The only way to use Instagram is as a lifestyle portrayal. I don't think most people think of it as a way to make people see you differently. You're also not going to take pictures of bad/boring things of your life.
For example, after my hip replacement, I posted pictures of me walking a little a few hours after the surgery. This wasn't me trying to make other people see me differently. It was just me sharing my progress. Most people also aren't going to take pictures of everything they do. Me walking after a surgery is something I want to remember. I don't need to remember sitting in post-op for a long time waiting for a room. I don't need a picture of me in pain waiting for some pain medicine. 
When chemo was rough for me, I didn't post on Facebook about my puking. This wasn't to make anyone think I was powering through it. It's just that some things are personal. It's the same with real-life conversations. We talk about negative things about our lives to people we're close with. Posting to a public social media account is like talking to an acquaintance. I'm not gonna tell someone I'm not close to if I've gained weight. I'm not gonna tell them if my dog had an accident in the house.

Some people do use it for superficial reasons, though. There is a lot of negativity on social media. I unfollow people who post a lot of negativity.
It's just a caption to get replies and retweets. On Instagram, popular pages will make their caption something like "See if you can comment the numbers 1-10 without being interrupted!"
- It lags a lot. I had Dark Sky, Waterminder, Calendar, Reminders, Music, and Cheatsheet widgets and they all worked fine. After the update, some of them won't load and the rest take forever to update.
- Resting my finger to unlock seems a little better now. It seems faster but it might just be the lock screen animations are faster
- i can't turn off bluetooth from the control center, so i just leave it on. 
It doesn't really bother me. It's not something I look at that much anyway. I hate the icon though, it really should match the new white background
A dog is better, but if you don’t have a dog that’ll stand still for photos, I think a plush looks better. Dressing up as Scooby usually looks really awkward
At first I thought Airdrop was somehow able to work without Bluetooth. Bluetooth always makes my old devices seem really slow. Does the "no new connections" thing save battery at all? Not sure if I should just turn it off completely from the settings or keep it on all the time.
I like it. I wish I could save it as a photo though for Quizlet.
They're not available yet for some reason.
http://elitedaily.com/social-news/get-fancy-new-emojis-update-iphone-ios-11/2075272/
Have you tried lookmark? i use the iOS app and safari extension now that wishlist is gone. I think it can track prices if you pay for the full version but I'm hesitant to pay for something I can't preview.
That happens with a lot of apps. I think it happens after you restart sometimes.
it still works fine for me.
The battery is a few years old, and it seems like it slows down my devices. 
Handoff and Airdrop work without me having to manually enable bluetooth! I love this. I love using airdrop but it was annoying having to constantly turn bluetooth on and off
How come when connecting Instagram & Facebook to Apple Music to find friends, it doesn't open in safari?
I'm not liking the new notification center. I don't need an "earlier today" thing if I only have a few notifications.
The next time you go to a coffee shop, tell them your name is Harvey or Irma, take a picture of the cup, post it on social media, and donate to hurricane relief.
It's like the ALS ice bucket challenge, but significantly less effort. Instead of pouring a bucket of ice-cold water on yourself, you're telling a barista your name is Harvey/Irma.
If $20 is nothing to you, then you should probably buy it. But since you're asking, I'm assuming $20 is something you really need to think about, so I'd suggest not paying. You'd be paying for disposable in-game currency. There's no other benefits you get by paying for pizzas besides instant gratification
Back in high school when I was first coming out, I thought the concept of an ally was great. Now I don't like it. Instead of it just being people supporting people, it's become a way for someone to be heavily involved with a community they otherwise wouldn't be a part of. 
And the idea of a "false ally" is ridiculous anyway. Just don't be a terrible person and you're probably good to go. You don't even need to have the same opinions as me. 
I think they were correcting siri's dictation
[Here's mine.](https://imgur.com/nb15L1J) I don't know why the limit is 5, but they're shelved to fit around 12.
Spotify is so much better. I only use Apple Music because I can upload my own songs, and I like the iOS integration. I can't even consider using Spotify unless they introduce an option to upload the music you own.
You'd have to plant a lot of trees pretty often to offset your own carbon footprint. [If you planted an acre of trees, it'd probably cover your vehicle's carbon footprint.](http://grist.org/article/my-backyard-carbon-sink/) [We put out 38.2 billion tons of carbon dioxide every year.](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=7&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=0ahUKEwjOqt22h6_WAhUEbSYKHSLnBA8QFghHMAY&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cbsnews.com%2Fnews%2Fcarbon-dioxide-emissions-rise-to-24-million-pounds-per-second%2F&usg=AFQjCNEfFrTSvTKFvkqCfiagdmFNOMcPjw) [Before mass deforestation, the trees pulled in 4 billion tons a year. Now it's 1.1 billion.](https://theconversation.com/explainer-how-much-carbon-can-the-worlds-forests-absorb-14816) Trees can help it but it won't solve it unless the world somehow stops putting out 34 billion tons of carbon dioxide every year.

I had this problem in school some years. You've known these people your whole life. They either like you or they don't. You can put yourself out there, but how? Ask to sit at their lunch table, and end up feeling like you don't belong? It takes 1 crappy experience to ruin a kid's confidence.
It seems like a lot of comments get downvoted. Most of the posts I see, there's usually a few decent comments that get downvoted, like this one: https://www.reddit.com/r/FuturamaWOTgame/comments/70p1yv/just_got_flexo_completely_f2p/dn4tk9x/?st=j7pa00z5&sh=4ef69ccb
Everyone around me says "ex". They aren't really into tech, and I don't think it even matters how they pronounce it. I say "ex" because I see "iPhone X" in my mind, not "iPhone 10."
I don't know what Apple expected. People are going to say what they read.
This would actually be pretty cool if the whole top of the screen was a menu bar.
I really wish they'd add critic reviews for an album, or metacritic score. A lot of the reviews I see are either 5 stars with "THIS IS AMAZING I LOVE YOU SO MUCH" or 1 star with "seriously? what happened to your music?"
I googled benchmark tests and it seems like it did well in some things and not so well in other things
I wouldn't do that unless you never change medicines. I've been trying new depression medicines for the past few years, and CVS keeps automatically refilling old prescriptions and it won't let me turn it off on the website. Even if I archive a medicine, they'll still refill it. It seems like they enable automatic refills on every new medicine
No more side effects from medicines. Who needs those?
I have that problem too. Touch ID is great though. I only got a device with touch ID earlier this year. Fingerprint authentication is much better than having to enter my passcode every time though. Hopefully Face ID works great
If someone stole your phone, would you have time to disable it? Unless they're holding a gun to your head instead of swiping it
I had this problem. I went through my town collecting money from buildings, and I got distracted and tapped a building and sped up a character's task.
Don't give real email addresses, phone numbers, credit card numbers, or home addresses for reward stuff. It's not worth all the spam you'll get. Most of these are scams, and even if you do get your pizza, you'll have to deal with spam.
I got my left hip replaced. It was a huge difference compared to my right hip replacement earlier this year. Instead of only needing pain medicines for a few weeks, I needed them for months. It was a constant dull ache. The right hip hurt more before surgery so I didn't walk on it, so that's probably why walking was tough with that hip. But I don't know why the pain lasted so long with my left hip.
The hip doctor only gives you 2 pain medicine refills (one when you leave the hospital and one when you go back for a checkup a few weeks later). Good thing my oncologists give me pain medicines when I need them, but I can't imagine how tough it is for people who don't regularly see a doctor.
The hip doctor told me pain can last for up to 3 months but they don't prescribe pain medicine after the first month, which doesn't make sense. I don't know what normal people would do if they still had pain after the first month.
This isn't even one of the loud ones. These sound like wind and machine humming. The older ones sound like someone opened the gates of hell during a hurricane
Some of them are probably getting them as texts. If you're not on iMessage, it'll just act like a normal SMS group.
Are they mad that people who know nothing about photography will be able to take better pictures now? 
It's really only a problem for babies. If bubbles were dangerous, then nurses would have to spend half an hour trying to get every little bubble out
Yeah, if they really did need the wheelchairs, they're probably not able to do intense exercises. 
Not having pockets sucks, but bags are so much better than pockets. A lot of pockets are unreliable and stuff can fall out, and the feeling of a full pocket is unbearable. I don't know how most guys are okay with putting everything in their pockets.
Water reminder apps & smart water bottles. People hate on them so much, but they can be so useful for people who don't drink enough. Even before I got cancer, I still found myself forgetting to drink if I was busy. Now it's just hard for me to drink anything.
An argument I constantly hear is "our ancestors just drank whenever they were thirsty and they were fine." Yeah, but they were also outdoors a lot and did a lot of physical work. Our ancestors didn't track their steps and workouts either, but it helps a lot. And no one's forcing anyone to buy smart devices anyway. I don't need a blood pressure monitor, but it doesn't mean other people won't.
Yeah, doesn't falling snow really hurt video quality?
They could only talk telepathically to other werewolves, but there were scenes where there'd be multiple wolves in the same area. It's also probably easier acting with the actual character instead of a stranger in a full body suit thing
I don't think I've ever seen an overweight guy serve me at a restaurant. They should definitely be expected to wear an undershirt at least
Unless you're wearing two layers of clothing, I think they should be able to control underwear as long as it's the same with guys. It's a restaurant, and the fact that multiple coworkers complained about it makes me think it's really showing. The nipple piercings probably don't make it any better either. If someone can see your nipples through the shirt, you need to wear something under it. Bras & undershirts are a part of an outfit. 
I do agree with her that guys with large chests should be required to wear stuff under their shirts, but I don't think I've ever seen an overweight guy working at a restaurant. 
Also It doesn't matter if she's "prancing them around" or not. If someone walked outside naked, it doesn't matter if they're prancing around their junk or not. They're still naked. And she's just wearing a tshirt. It's 1 layer.
It thins your blood and can help prevent one, but you need to talk about it with your doctor first. It's not something you want to do while you're young and healthy.
I have mixed feelings. I think it should be, since social media is used for free speech a lot. But I also don't think they should let terrible things on this site.
I don't know what makes them decide to delete subreddits though.
Like with punchable faces a few years ago. It was a terrible subreddit, it lasted for awhile, and then reddit decided to ban them along with a few other subreddits. What pushed them over the edge? Who decides when it's time to ban them?
While I think what she said was terrible, I don't think they should've fired her over her opinions. Like with the Google employee that was fired, I don't think someone should be fired over beliefs unless it's something like "______ should die."
Although a model is a lot different than an employee no one knows about. 
They say a developer started off an email with "Girls," but then after they introduced Keith, the people emailing Keith would say his name.
Did they give the fake guy his own email instead of just using the main company email? Or did the people emailing them send an email to their individual emails? Not that it'd make any difference. Starting an email with "girls" isn't something you do unless you know them personally
Slurs usually don't bother me unless it's filled with hate. I don't like "queer" at all though. I've never heard it used as a slur in real life, so I don't know why I it repulses me so much. 
Do you have the triple click menu button for display accommodations on? I had this exact problem and that's worked so far for me. I've tried everything including restoring and holding menu + tv button, but this has worked so far. Having to go through the settings every night for the light sensitivity is annoying but it's the only fix that worked for me.
Wikipedia says it's a superstition. It seems like it's when older people say going outside with wet hair gives you a cold. Some older people believe it, it's in older tv shows a lot, but a lot of people were always skeptical of it.

From Wikipedia: This article also noted there was "no evidence" the fan caused the death, however. University of Miami researcher Larry Kalkstein says a misunderstanding in translation resulted in his accidental endorsement of the fan death theory, which he denies is a real phenomenon.

Although it does say that opinions seem to be changing in younger citizens due to the internet. 
Is there any way to get summaries of the episodes? I'd like to watch it but i can't deal with the holes. Reading would be better
I think he does whatever he knows will get attention. Like in Glee. Sue spends every episode bullying the students. But there's that 1 episode where she says the students making domestic violence jokes was "too far".
Although I thought he said this season was gonna show "both sides" but I don't know if that's true anymore
/r/FeMRADebates is good for this, even though it's all political stuff.
/r/NeutralPolitics is also good too, even though that's political as well.
1. I'll say this all depends on the quality of the school and the teachers. I live in Georgia, USA. Some schools in my area had personal Macs when I was in high school. My school had old, slow PCs. What do you mean by creative freedom though? Most teachers I've had always loved when students were creative with the work they did. 

2. I agree that some teachers do have problems with students who have different learning techniques. Sometimes they think their way is the best way because it was the easiest for them, but other times I've had teachers who don't care how you got the answer as long as you got the right answer (and as long as you've shown how you got your answer). I've had teachers who will do lectures, videos, powerpoints, games, etc, but if most of the students don't care, there's no point.

3. What do you mean by following instructions? If you mean stuff like "no phones in class" and "being respectful", then that is definitely something everyone will need for any job they have. I can't imagine a job where it'd be good to not follow instructions. If you're a doctor and you ask a nurse to draw blood, there's no way a nurse would last long if they didn't follow your instructions. In most jobs, you will have instructions from a superior.

4. There are a lot of problems schools need to fix. However, there would be too much pushback if someone tried to overhaul the educational system. The best way would be small changes over time, which a lot of schools are trying to do. The elementary school I used to go to now has Chromebooks in every classroom. Even though most students have to take turns on them, it's still progress. When I was a sophomore, my high school introduced Bring Your Own Technology. It was great, but it eventually became a hassle. Some classmates wouldn't stay on task. When the teacher said to put the phones away, some students wouldn't put them away. It became a daily thing in every class where a teacher would have to take away a phone. They eventually just stopped trying to incorporate phones. It was unfair to the students who followed instructions and just used their phones for research. Everyone being punished for the actions of a few students is a huge problem with the educational system, but teachers have to try to teach you things.

I'm hoping this all made sense. My mom is a teacher. From what she's told me, teachers know there's a lot wrong with the system. And like I said earlier, it depends on the teacher and the school.
I think the second season will be a lot better than the first now that the story is finally going somewhere.
But yeah, I don't know why people are still on here if they hate the show that much
Mine does that if I have more than 1 tennis ball! He'll catch it in his mouth and then immediately drop it. And if he's fetching, he'll go to the ball and then wait for me to throw the next one.
I understand and agree with you except briefly washing your hands with tap water is a lot different than drinking 17 oz of it. You'll still get some of the impurities or whatever people are afraid of though. But not as much
- Level 19 bachelor Fry
- Level 19 Amy
- Level 20 Kif
- Level 16 gold Bender
We don't want to get married because we "have something to prove". We don't. I can't speak for everyone else, but not previously being able to get married does not make me want to get married now. 
Even if herpes isn't that bad, you should still tell someone that before you do anything sexual. I agree that people shouldn't be judgmental about it though 
What happens after 10 years? Do they have to pay for their own security?
The main problem I have with Twitter is that it's made for celebrities and fans of celebrities. It's so hard to find someone to follow that isn't verified because the only people they suggest are verified users or local users.
But the keyword muting keeps me from quitting. It's so nice to be able to mute politics from the timeline.
I haven't had any problems but I live in a smallish town. There's a restaurant in my town that's closed and been reopened a few times, and every time I correct the restaurant information, they accept it
Sometimes the side effects are worse than the actual depression. But sometimes it's worth it if your depression is extreme
If antidepressants worked because of the placebo effect, then why would some people have to try a ton of different medicines? I used to be really excited about trying a new medicine and I'd think "this is gonna be the right medicine for me!" but it'd always turn out that I was wrong
He was a terrible friend. Even before I realized he raped her. How would someone see their friend getting raped and not do anything? Him witnessing it and doing nothing about it wouldn't make sense anyway.
I mute & unfollow most political stuff on social media. I rarely see a political article that makes me think "oh yeah I'm sure glad I saw this"
Isn't that with a lot of addictions though? Like with pain meds & alcohol? People can do amazing things when they're on pain medicines but that doesn't mean it can't affect you. But I do agree that it's their personal responsibility.
I agree with some of it, but how would it cause you to avoid talking to your loved ones?
This is disappointing. I think it's better that ProTube decided to end support though. I understand YouTube's reasoning since their official app now supports the stuff (even though it's $10 a month), but they should really support YouTube Red in more countries before worrying about this.
I'm on season 2 now. It hasn't gotten interesting for me. It probably would've been a little better if everyone didn't keep telling me "no one is safe from dying!!" I don't think that's going to make the show interesting.
And I don't understand how it being an HBO show makes it good anyway. Having a huge budget isn't what makes a show interesting. I really think I'm missing something. I have no idea why it's so popular. HBO's shows having really long episodes makes it hard to watch their shows sometimes.
It always bugs me when people say "almost every character is gay now!" Like, 3% of characters in tv shows and movies are LGBT. That's about the same as real life. 
Mental illness medicines aren't a one size fits all, either. No one would want to go through years of just trying bipolar medicines to find out a medicine that typically treats depression could be the right one for them.
This is something that needs to be talked about in the beginning of a relationship. If someone thinks it's cheating, but their partner doesn't, then it's just setting themselves up for heartbreak. 
It's not really explained, but I thought the season finale was pretty good. I'd suggest that you just skip to the last episode though. Most of the episodes don't have anything going on.
My parents wouldn't have been able to afford it but they'd still do it. I think most parents would go into some debt if their child was in a situation like that.
Me either. My sister, brother, and I played with each other's toys all the time. Other kids at school acted like it was the weirdest thing for me and my brother to play with the same toys as my sister. We did go to cub scouts and use BB guns supervised, but it was always something we wanted to do. 
And besides, they're kids. Let them play with whatever they want.
It's better than not drinking water & it's better for your teeth than drinking a lot of acidic drinks. But drinking water would still be better.
I was hoping the response to the remake would be, "we don't need another remake that just switches genders," but a lot of the criticisms seem to be that this wouldn't happen with a group of girls. This doesn't make sense to me. The book shows the worst group of boys imaginable. Do these people really think a group of rich boarding-school girls wouldn't turn into a disaster?
Could you explain to me what the story was? I was kinda confused. Was it all just a dream for her?
The artist's name is Tyler Haywood.
[Source](https://angulargeometry.tumblr.com)
Movie sales are the only way I'll buy a movie. $5 for a movie I kind of like, and then I probably won't pay more than $10 for my favorite movies because they'll be on Netflix sooner or later anyway.
If I didn't have an Apple TV I wouldn't even buy iTunes movies though.
When he has eyebrows 😩😩👌🏻
Yep, I'm hoping a new company comes along and challenges YouTube.
No. I don't mind non-malicious ads because it means I don't have to pay for most of the websites I visit.
I understand where you're coming from. I think a lot of people just dislike stuff they're not interested in though.
It's like when people will actively watch a channel even though they hate it. Why even watch it if you know you're going to hate it?
I don't really care about seeing the monsters, but it's frustrating that the show barely involves the mist. It feels like the main storyline is the rape. We haven't figured out much about the most except for when the hippie lady went outside naked
I wish it lasted a little longer. It hasn't affected my normal playing, but it's taken so much time to complete some characters. I only got that old cat lady a few days ago.
The Reddit app is one of the best official social media apps in my opinion. It's much better than Alien Blue was, and they actually improve the app and add new features unlike Tumblr & Facebook. 
Her block is in the process of being cleared. I really wish the events lasted longer though. I wanna take my time and enjoy the game, but most of their events don't last very long.
I think good tattoos look nice. I can't stand tattoos of faces though. And tattoos of quotes longer than a few words just looks weird.
But it's whatever they like. If they're happy with it, that's all that matters
Wheelchair accessibility is usually not done well in my experience. Some places don't have a ramp, and the ones that do, don't have doors that can be opened by pressing a button. If you can't walk at all, there's almost no way to get into a lot of older buildings.
@michdavidadams - mostly just retweets. Usually pictures of animals and some stuff I find funny
Do you have an ad blocker?
Try clearing cookies, too.
[Some evidence suggests it's caused by abnormalities in speech motor control](http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/stuttering/symptoms-causes/dxc-20343251) (timing, sensory and motor coordination). Genetics are also a factor because it can run in the family.

I don't stutter like people in movies stutter. I'm fine with talking in public, and I still stutter. It's just [from the medicines](https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Speech-Language_Pathology/Stuttering/Anti-Stuttering_Medications) I'm on and chemo brain. It's worse if I'm reading out loud.
I find it hard to believe the wife was okay with this. I'm comfortable with most of my flaws but I wouldn't want my boyfriend writing about it.
I guess it did give her free publicity though.
I'm much less likely to make a mistake with a calculator. Of course I can do basic math, and I can do it in my head, but not using a calculator doesn't benefit me that much
The same could be said about Reddit people though. We're all wasting time on Reddit. Instead of being here, we could just get better jobs or study. Everyone likes to waste their time differently
How does using a calculator to figure out tips make you math illiterate? Like the other people have said, you just move the decimal over one and double it, but you're still doing work. You can either do that or just multiply the cost by .20
It's whatever people feel like doing.
They must be terrible at taking selfies if it takes them 2 minutes
Wouldn't it be kinda like a Holocaust museum?
What?
Are nazis not violent ?
I wish Melanie Martinez would switch to a new aesthetic. It was fine for the album, but the music videos make me so uncomfortable.

Also I wish Kerli would stop announcing album release dates before she even finishes the album. It was supposed to come out last year, then May of this year, now we don't know. She went on a break again, so who knows if it'll even be out in 2018
Most of Lana Del Rey's music isn't good to me at first listen, but after a few listens, I love it. I get into a lot of her unreleased music at first for some reason though
Yeah I'm excited about it but I also feel bad that I'm excited about someone singing live
Are they going to start banning really hateful musicians too? Seems like if you're gonna ban violent musicians, you should ban all violent musicians
edit: I didn't mean to imply nazis weren't violent. I was asking if they're going to ban other musicians who promote violence.
The article says Spotify removed "self described nazis"
How would it create a new base of customers? Seems like if people are gonna be fans of her music, they would have already been by now
How do you know it's permanently deleted? Seems like it's just disabled since no one could really tell a difference
I don't understand bachelor/bachelorette parties. Like I understand celebrating the wedding but how is it someone's "last night of freedom"? They're still in a relationship.
I organize as much of the space that I can, but I do find myself just cramming a lot of buildings side by side. You basically have to choose between a good looking city or making lots of money.
Is doing these worth it? It seems like a bunch of work to get to level 10
I really wish you could put stuff under the Monument Beach arch. I can't find anywhere to put it that doesn't look awkward :/
Hey hey hey
You think that I am just a bay-ay-bay
It seems like the only way of getting an apartment while you have a large dog is listing it as an emotional support dog. Every apartment I've seen that allows pets doesn't allow large dogs. I understand why, but what do they expect us to do with our dogs? Get rid of them?
I've had Quidd for a few months now. I really only used it for the stickers, but the app just sucks. It's fun at first but after you start a ton of sets, it's almost impossible to finish them. Plus, when you do finish them, it doesn't leave you satisfied. You still have TONS of other sets you have to finish, but there's no way to catch up unless you spend tons of money and trade often. I've traded a few times and they've always been nice, but it just gives me so much anxiety.
You can't really do anything with the cards anyway. It's just so much time and energy. I joined for the stickers, but all the stickers are really boring, and it's difficult to use them in iMessage because you can't hide any stickers you don't want. 
It was a great idea though and hopefully they'll improve. 
I can't listen to that album. I like listening to albums in order, but I never finish Hey Hey Hey. She needs new friends bc no true friends would ever let her release that
I think it's just that there's a lot of episodes, the show itself has already ended, and it's been out for almost 20 years. It's nice to be reminded about little parts of the show that people may not remember.
Zella Day- Kicker:
1. Hypnotic. It's her best song. It's an instant hit for anyone who listens to it.
2. High. Favorite song by her.
3. East of Eden
4. Compass
5. Sweet Ophelia
6. Ace of Hearts
7. Mustang Kids
8. The Outlaw Josey Wales
9. 1965. I just don't really care for this song.
10. Jerome
11. Jameson
12 shadow preacher. This song gives me 0 emotions. Like I don't know what it is about it but it's just boring to me 

Ok I love this album but now that I think about it, if you removed the songs that were originally from her EP, this album would kinda suck. Still amazing
Don't listen to pet stores. I made this mistake before multiple times. It's one of the few instances where the internet is much more trustworthy
How would that work?
Why not have an option to hide it?
I would love it if I could even customize the photo Watch face with compilations in the corners. It's a bunch of empty space on certain photos
The Apple Watch really needs to get more personal. I hate that I can't fill the 30 minutes of exercise ring. I have cancer & have gotten my hips replaced. Going on a walk is very tiring for me. The activity rings are supposed to be encouraging, but I find that all they've really done is discourage me. I hate coming in from a long, brisk walk outdoors only to have it not count towards anything (and in the rare chance that it does, it's just a few minutes.)

I know that most people can easily do 30 minutes of exercise. However, most people also don't need wheelchairs, but Apple has added wheelchair implementation (which is great).
Ooh okay that makes sense
News has gotten to the point to where I don't even click on any articles involving trump anymore. I don't even register it anymore. I can't trust news sites after that time I watched an interview trump did with some guy and the interviewer asked trump what should happen to women who get abortions if abortion was made illegal. Trump hesitated and said something like "if it was illegal, they should be punished" and then the news headlines were like "Trump says women who get abortions should be punished".
Like I don't have the energy to try to figure out which articles are true and which twist things. I'm sure they do it with everyone but I've never noticed until recently. I really wish I had never seen that interview so I could just not think about it anymore. I don't know why it bothers me so much
Do they fight? I've heard that turtles tend to fight. Would they even be able to fight each other?
Everyone thinks they're poor unless they're filthy rich. In elementary school, my family was one of the only families who couldn't afford a gameboy advanced. We got out first game system, a DS lite, in middle school (which me and my two other siblings shared).
However, I'm probably rich compared to a lot of people. People who live paycheck to paycheck probably seem rich to other people. It's just a perspective thing. People who think they're poor when they aren't are really annoying though. Not being able to buy every new iPhone doesn't make you poor.
I would really like this. I hate when I see discussion posts where people downvote everything they disagree with. It just ruins it
Yeah :/ I really liked Carrie so I was hoping I would like this. I like the terror-filled scenes when they do come up though
I love this app. Unfortunately there's no iPhone 6 resolution support so it's hard typing in it
When does the book get going? I have the audiobook and I'm 9 chapters in but it feels like a chore trying to listen to it. 
Just wondering, do people think its the doctor's fault, purdue's fault, or the patient's fault for the "opioid crisis"? I have mixed feelings about it. Oxy is definitely very addictive but it's also the best pain medicine I've ever taken. I have chronic pain and I've tried tons of pain medicines but oxy is the only one that seemed to actually gets rid of the pain instead of just slightly decreasing it. It's still my decision to ask for it & to take it though.
Don't a lot of rappers use fake accents?
Some of their other games say the same thing. I'm not a developer, but is it that hard converting it to 64 bit? Serious question. I feel like if I spent $99 for a developer account thing then I'd want all my apps and games to be available on the newest devices
http://acnlconfessions.tumblr.com
it's really just a bunch of 12 year olds arguing over dumb things but sometimes it's really funny
How does the money get to the victims? Do they hold a lottery or something or does it get spread evenly between all the residents? The article didn't say
My favorite greeting I've ever given to a villager was "$50 an hour!" to Jambette
I think there was some post on an animal crossing confessions blog that said homosexual was a slur and I commented on it saying that I disagreed.
http://i.cubeupload.com/0avDXT.png
One time I had a girl on tumblr tell me "you shouldn't say homosexual, it's a slur" and I said it really doesn't matter because it's just a word (& that no one uses it as an insult anyway) and she blocked me and said "you're so fucking stupid"
Plus, including the family is a huge thing at make-a-wish. Unless you're wishing for an item, families are always included in the wish.
My boxer does this with socks and tissues. I don't know why dogs are obsessed with socks
Zella Day- High. My favorite song on the album that wasn't on the EP. That album's singles were underwhelming. The music videos were so boring. I love her music but her music videos never match the quality of her music.
I've had that problem too. The hip doctor who replaced my hip only gives prescription pain killers up until a month after a surgery (even though they said the pain can last up until 3 months after surgery). Good thing my oncologist will prescribe me medicine if I need it. Of course, they'll only prescribe the lowest doses but even the lowest doses of prescription pain killers do a much better job than any other over the counter medicine. I don't understand why people in pain have to pay for what drug addicts do.
I don't understand why people abusing opioids really matters that much? In my opinion, I think we should let people do what they want as long as they're 18. I think people eating really sugary foods is a bigger issue than people abusing pain meds honestly. 
Yessss it's a great thing. I'm so excited to be able to do normal people things like get a job and exercise
My last chemo is next week. After 3 years of hell, my last chemo is finally coming up. The first year was the worst but the last year has also been equally terrible. Instead of puking every day I've just been depressed every day. Having to get hip replacements definitely hasn't helped. Here are my thoughts on cancer:
• it's funny. Cancer jokes are hilarious
• cancer awareness is dumb. Instead of using it to spread awareness about cancer, 99% of the time it's just Breast Cancer awareness instead of actually bringing awareness to different cancers
• donating directly to families with cancer is such a huge help. Donating to causes to help end cancer helps but people are still getting cancer, we should help them too.
• "I got cancer, and I CHOSE to fight" is just something cancer people say because people don't wanna hear "at least I didn't get terminal cancer"
• people praying over me is the most uncomfortable thing ever. I do not like it. I'm still gonna have cancer.
• people complaining about how easy other people have it is so annoying. Like most of the time it's healthy rich people who think their life is the worst because someone said something mean to them once. Everyone has a worse life than someone else. I have an easier life compared to some people. Life is hard for everyone
• lastly, maybe cancer isn't that deep. Maybe it's not a way for "god to help me help others". Maybe it's just a disease I got. Like how some people get the flu. I didn't get any life lessons from it except a worse depression & a damaged heart. Also I got fat and tooth decay
I've always thought a neat feature would be if it would send a live audio feed to your emergency contacts if you called 911. Like if a teenager is at home and calls 911 if they think someone's breaking in, it would alert the parents and then the parents could call the neighbors or something. It could help in cases where the emergency contacts are closer than an ambulance, but I'm sure it could be misused too. 
I remember when I first started, I added a few friends from Animal Crossing Community (website sucks but it's the best for finding friends). That friend gave me glow sticks and I loved them. They also gave me some money and helped pay off a pwp. I didn't know how to get them at the time so I really appreciated it. A few years later, when a friend from tumblr finally got the game, I gave her my glow stick and helped her pay off a pwp. My favorite thing about Animal Crossing is when more experienced players help out the new ones.

Can I post my second favorite memory? It was the first time it snowed & I had friends over. Everything was so peaceful and we all sat on the town tree bench thing and read through the short credits. It was when I was getting heavy chemo treatments though so having visitors in my town was an exhausting thing for me. But they were always very understanding when I had to cut the visits short :)
Twitter has a really bad way of getting followers if you're not a celebrity. Like with Facebook, you just add everyone you know. With Tumblr & Pinterest, it'll suggest people to follow with similar blogs/boards. But Twitter only suggests people from your contacts or celebrities.
I remember having a Scooby Doo version of chess. I didn't know how to play chess and I didn't care about learning about it but I loved having little Scooby Doo action figures I could play with my other toys 
Me too. It stresses me out the entire time, and that's like the opposite of what I want in a game.
Oh okay that makes sense. I thought he was much older than she was.
I think it's still mostly illegal here. I just need something for getting through the day (and school days). I've taken dronabinol which has some marijuana in it I think, but that was 3 years ago to help me gain wait during chemo. I doubt my psychiatrist can even prescribe medical marijuana for depression
I've never dropped a class before (even in high school) but I really wish I would have. Getting a nice teacher makes such a big difference.
"Hey, hey, heyYou think that I'm a little baby"

Honestly, best song on the album. Katy's lyrics are so deep
Isn't it a comedic show? And it wouldn't be a very entertaining show if it was filled with sad people. If every character who was friends with the murder victim was sad the whole time, it would make it a little boring
Has anyone actually watched the Emoji movie? I haven't seen it. Is it that bad? Also isn't it a kid's movie anyway?
The main advice I can give you is that if you have any kind of health problems, get a 404 plan thing. You wouldn't think you'd need it but I've had a teacher that wouldn't let anyone drink water during class, chew gum, or have their phones on their desk. Also if you get a teacher like that you should drop that class anyway.

Also, getting to class early is better than getting there late. Don't plan on getting to your class right on time unless you're okay with being late.

And don't be afraid to drop classes or even switch colleges if you don't like yours. I had this one Astronomy class that was harder than all my other classes combined. I switched to a different college for other reasons too.

Also get a counselor. Most schools have them for free. I got one towards the end of the semester and he told me different things I could do since I was feeling so burned out and felt like every day was a struggle.
I started Ritalin 5 mg for fatigue (also depression). It's good when it works but the doctor said taking after 3 pm can cause sleep problems but after the 3 pm pill wears off, I feel terrible. It beats being depressed all day but still. It's definitely better than any other depression medicine I've taken. I love & hate the idea of taking the medicine whenever I'm depressed. On one hand, it works better than other medicines can. On the other hand, all I'm really doing is following a schedule anyway. And it's either taking it after the previous dose wore off and have a crash or try and take it before that happens.
I'm also on 15 mg of Mirtazapine which isn't really helping. I don't understand the point of staying on a depression medicine if I'm still depressed
This is really cool but how could you not "see" a notification? Would it be notifications that were on the lock screen?
I use Apple Maps because I hate having 2 app installed, and I also rarely use maps. When I do use it, it's just to make sure I know where a certain place is in town.
I think it's just a way to encourage you to just buy the book. And the library has to pay for each copy of the ebook. The library adds more ebook copies depending on how popular the book is. I can understand why they do it I guess 
Does your library have most of their ebooks on a waiting list? Like I wanted to read the Handmaid's Tale but there's over 50 people waiting for a copy. Most of the ebooks are on waiting lists since it's a small local library 
If I ever get out my VR goggles then I will for a few minutes, but I don't find it interesting enough to stay in it for long
She'd have an irresistible urge to pet every dog she sees
I loved it, I binged the whole show in a week. I was expecting it to get repetitive (since almost every CW show gets terrible after a few seasons) but so far none of it has gotten old yet!
I binged this show in a week. I love it so much, it's like Psych with zombies. But why did the zombie chief guy shoot the boss at the news station? He didn't even explain himself.
Also, I'm still skeptical about humans co-existing with zombies. I feel like there's gonna be a huge issue since zombies turn violent if they don't eat brains. Like what're they gonna do if everyone gets infected? Everyone will either turn violent or they'll have to eat nasty zombie brain.
Everyone hates Kerli's Utopia but Can't Control the Kids & The Lucky Ones are so catchy and it was pretty much a just her trying a new genre anyway. And the leaked unreleased tracks from it are even better. 
I mainly want a house so I can install a doggy door into a fenced in backyard so I can stop worrying about there being a fire while I'm not home. I'd never be able to live with myself if my dog died in a fire
I love the balloon ones the most! I love this event's fish. Everything's so pretty
I put a blanket over my comforter so mine knows when to get on the bed. It keeps my comforter from smelling like dog
The game was released 7 months ago. "Just released" was an exaggeration
That's happened to me and my friend too. He's new and he has the even, but I've had it since it came out (and have uninstalled and reinstalled it a few times) and I still don't have it. I'm at level 10 now and I don't have it. I don't know how to fix it.
I'm using the ACNL billboard theme. I've gotten a lot of other themes since I've had it but I still find myself using the billboard theme unless it's a holiday or different season.
You shouldn't have any problems. I delete the app every once in awhile and whenever I reinstall it, all of my progress is there but it does make me do the tutorials every time.
Oh okay thanks. That's what I thought but I haven't been able to walk fast enough for it to count yet I think
Would someone who's allergic to cats be allergic to hairless cats?
I'm trying my friend's out for a few weeks and I love it. But there's a few things about it that really bugs me, like how outdoor walks don't count as exercise. My heartbeat gets really high because I've just gotten hip replacements but i just wish that would count towards the 30 minute exercise goal. And I can do the elliptical, but maybe like 5 minutes before becoming exhausted. It's really annoying trying really hard getting my leg muscles back by walking a ton but not having that count towards the total

If I wasn't a huge fitness tracking person though, I don't think I'd care much for this. It's nice every once in awhile but not much.
I hate the "opioid epidemic" nonsense. All it's done is make it so much harder to get pain medicine you actually need because it makes doctors paranoid.
I wish every music streaming service did this. It seems like it'd be a basic feature.
There's so much wrong with this
1. Did the doctor hack your phone to make sure the people you sleep with don't have STDs?
2. How do you get a doctor to call YOU? I don't think I've ever had a doctor call me, only nurses at the front desk. And if I ever tried calling the doctor, I'd have to leave a message and get a call back a few hours later at the least. And those are oncologists.
3. Why would you rush to the hospital instead of him just telling you that girl has STDs over the phone?
It lets you decorate your coral reef a little bit (not much though). And some of the decorations can increase production by a little bit.
And I don't think anyone's angry over it, since the events last awhile, but the company doesn't want to risk angry users
I loved part 1's album art but I'm hating part 2's art. I was hoping The Way I Are's design was gonna be used again :/
Kerli. She had a dance album all ready (and it leaked of course because it had been done for like a year) but the label decided to do a virtual-only release of it as an EP. They removed 2 of the most catchiest songs for no reason. Then they dropped her because, obviously, no one wants to listen to a dance EP if it's mostly just slow songs with pianos
It's a bokeh effect thing from A Color Story. I just add it so there's not so much empty space
It finally showed up for me. Yeah, it was really weird. It feels like nothing's happening at all except character drama.
I'd love an event of just 8bit versions of the fish
How does that not make your phone lag? If I even have 2 large fish (like whales and dolphins), the game starts lagging. I'm on iPhone 6. But I love your decorations!!
I'm watching Planet of the Apps episode 7, and Jessica Alba gets irritated at the Evolve team because she says she is guaranteeing them to get invested in, and so they choose her. But then at the venture capital meeting thing, no one invests in them. Like why'd she guarantee them money if she wasn't even gonna fight for them to get invested in? She just sat there through the entire meeting.
Where can I watch this episode? I've been able to watch all the previous episodes on the Spike app through my DirectTV subscription, but it's not showing up in the app, only on iTunes. Why?
I did PT for the first hip replacement. All I really needed them for was telling me which exercises to do. I didn't do them this time since it's exhausting having someone come every day and stay for 30 minutes just telling me the same stuff over and over again
Okay, thank you! I trust my doctor, I'm just so confused as to why I'm still in pain this far out of surgery. But I'm hoping that goes away soon too though.
Enabling things is worse than actually doing terrible things? (By the way, not mad or anything, just curious)
Him saying he would've voted for trump is worse than directly doing something terrible to someone else?
I know this is kinda late but how come Kanye being republican was the deal breaker for Twitter to hate him but him doing the 100 other things was just another funny Kanye thing
Like I know he got crap for a lot of the stuff he did before but I don't remember as big of a backlash as him saying he would've voted for trump
What about apps that stay on in the background though?
Why does it matter? People do it to save battery. Remember that Facebook bug that made it stay on in the background and drain battery?
And sometimes phones just get really laggy if you don't close out your app switcher, especially when you're playing a game. I don't clear out my app switcher, but I understand why people do.
My dreams on Prozac are so annoying. I hate dreaming. It's exhausting and boring and weird. Like I'm glad that I'm happier now but not being able to just sleep without having crazy dreams is obnoxious.
Universal Studios is great. They (or whoever is in charge of Scooby Doo) gave someone in my town to make a tshirt for me when I got cancer. I don't know how that person got in touch with anyone from Universal/Hannah-Barbera but they said it was alright to have Scooby Doo on the shirt
I don't think so. A week after they enforced the new rules, they got a student up in front of everyone during lunch and smashed his phone and said "we're going to do this to any phones we find from now on."
But that was a lie, and some teachers said the student's mom gave them permission to smash it, and some other students said it was his old phone. I don't think anyone felt threatened by it but thinking about it now, that was a really weird thing to do. Some middle school teachers are weird.
In my last year of middle school, they banned cell phones altogether. You couldn't even have them on the property, and they'd do locker checks and bag checks and pocket checks. All it did was get the good kids in trouble; all the people who texted during class kept texting during class because they knew how to hide it.
Although it got worse in high school. They relaxed the rules but a lot of my classmates were really self-entitled and would make a fuss if a teacher didn't let them text during class. Teachers eventually stopped letting anyone have their phones out because so many people would just go on twitter instead of doing their work.
Something that really bugged me over the past few months is the response when American Girl made their first male dolls & first transgender doll. I played with dolls when I was younger and I got a lot of crap from people about it. And people just turning the male dolls into a joke makes it worse. But when they released the transgender doll, people were celebrating it and made 0 jokes.
Most of the jokes were just jokes about their styles but the style became the focus instead of American girl finally making male dolls. I don't know. I don't know if this makes sense but whatever
I'm actually the opposite. I can play Ocarina of Time and enjoy every second of it, but I haven't finished any other LOZ game. If you don't find it fun though, then don't play it. Games are supposed to be enjoyable 
How can u tell someone to be humble right after telling them why you're better than they are
Do they really need to blur out a baby's face? They all look the same
I really loved your town! And I loved all the pink. There were some empty sections but your town was one of the few towns that look really pretty as soon as you start dreaming. (I posted some pics of it on my Instagram too. It's michaelnintendo if you wanna see)
Gary (I think his name is) makes it so hard to watch. I understand having that "mean" guy helps but he just keeps interrupting, asks them to explain something, and then interrupts when they try to explain that.

And then after he signed with Companion, the two app makers seemed so scared of him. Like with shark tank, the sharks and the company CEOs were friendly to each other afterwards. But with the Companion CEOs, they just seemed terrified of him. It seemed like he took control of the entire company instead of just being a partner.
Yeah, I don't know how she didn't know it could be perceived as a threat. That's something you learn in school, to never threaten a president. 
Anyone see the YouTube pic for it? It's got a RISK hospital bracelet thing. And the cover art is a hospital gown and surgical marker stuff. What's up with this
It looks like an instagram post by one of those 18 year olds with a username like "666darkprincess"
These would sell so much better if they found a way to make them stand without those ground things on their feet. No kid wants to play with something that looks like large board game pieces. But these are still really cute 
I always walk over the star things on the ground before I dig them up so that I never have to dig up a pitfall 
The author of this article probably has 2 straight friends who insist they're straight but they wear scarves & follow lady Gaga on twitter
Yeah. It's the only reason I use it
Movie directors just can't win with movies based on books. If it's 1 movie, people will complain how it's not exactly like the book. If it's multiple movies, they'll be like "seriously? You stretched this out to multiple movies? Cash grab!!"
Yeah, I wish they'd have more species or more colorful animals. Like if I'm not fond of the animal in real life, it's gotta be unique enough for me to consider adding them to my town, like Ketchup. Or it's gotta be a color I like, like Drake or Alli 
I love her. Pepe always make me laugh. She's like the drag version of pepe 
I used to feel bad but they're also just pixels programmed with things to say. If they had a lot of variety in personalities, I'd be more interested in that, but since I rarely even speak to my villagers, I just keep the nice and pretty ones in my town
Yeah, I think a lot of it is that it's a digital game and a lot of people like buying physical things. And you can't really gift an app since a lot of parents don't even know what an Apple ID is, and they definitely don't know how to gift apps
Yeah it's been messy. The song contest took up a lot of her time and she's still making some songs for it. At least what's she's released so far has been really good
Hopefully it's a little cheaper. I understand having a $10 app and I don't mind paying for it, but I can't get my siblings or my friends to play it because the moment they hear that it's $10, they won't even consider it.
Yes. There have been times I'd rather read on mac but I can't. And I still don't know why reading list is more customizable than the news app
Instant catchiness. Like for example, the first few times I listen to a Lana del Rey album, it bores me. But once I know it a little better I love it. But with a lot of pop albums, like Taylor swift or lily allen, its instantly stuck in my head. I love that
Mine has a tail and sometimes he'll hit it against the wall really hard, I don't know how he hasn't hurt it yet
Why is the world "multiple" in multiple allegations in quotations?
What's everyone's opinions on "there are no bad dogs, only bad owners"? Like I feel that everyone who says this owns either a tiny dog or a really nice dog. A majority of the dogs I've met are really nice but there have been a few that were terrible
I never end up getting them what they want, but I probably would if they came with me. Imagine if they followed you and fished while you fished. I'd like that
I don't know if this will ever happen but I wish the carrier name could be hidden. I don't know why anyone would need it 
I play it every day. I load up badge arcade first, check in with Pokémon shuffle, and then do animal crossing. If I have a busy day or a migraine day I don't play it, but I'm at home 90% of the time anyway
Kerli's Utopia was the worst I've ever seen. She takes her time with the albums (which isn't a bad thing) but her first album came out in 2008 and Utopia came out in 2013. And it was an EP. Since literally every single thing she does leaks online, I heard the full album and most of the upbeat fun songs weren't even on there. I still loved it but the music drastically changed and the label decided to pick the songs that definitely wouldn't chart. 
My favorite part about starting new games is not having any furniture and then just having 1 room in your house that's basically just you putting everything you get in. 
It's terrible on the older 3DS but it's so much faster on the new ones
Will it take 2 rainbow bridges to unlock the bottom section? Or does buying 1 just make 2?
I think a lot of people would switch to Spotify if they had something like iCloud music library
Why?
It's good but every time I glance at the cover art, she looks like a drag queen
It looks like she's wearing a hospital gown and the writing on her leg looks like the markers they use to sign their names on the surgical spot in pre-op
I loved her older stuff but I'd much prefer this than her whole career just being this. I don't think she would've been as popular if this kinda stuff was the only stuff she released. 
The long white hair and the white outfit definitely reminded me of gaga's outfit
Yeah, but while grinding was kind of annoying, it still kept me busy for a long time. But not having to worry about money is fine. I have like 4,000,000 bells in the bank and since I've upgraded everything, I always have enough 
Like over the cartridge area after the game is in? That might help, especially if you have a case on it. It's worth a try
What's your dream address? I'd like to visit
Yeah I don't have a problem with it. My phone's always vertical and I'm used to tiny videos anyway since a lot of music videos look like panoramic videos
It looks like you're looking past the camera whenever I do that. It looks weird
These actually gave me some ideas, like the silhouette one. I didn't like what they did with the bold color contrast one though
I'm not even done with the episode but I'm gonna predict that Jaha gets blamed for all of this & Clarke ends up "saving the day" even though it was her idea in the first place
My iPad 4 still works fine. It lags when I type sometimes but it's a really good media device. 
When I got cancer, my oncologist told me never to take vitamins. Is this why?
This happens with most of my DS games, and I've tried it with my old 3DS XL & the new 3DS XL. I don't think they fit as tight as the 3DS games or something
It's whatever you want. It's also my first game. I kept my main two Pokémon with me the entire time (Popplio & Greninja from the demo). It's really easy to level up new Pokémon too once you reach the last few islands
Google Voice with Google Hangouts also works great. I've been using it for years with my iPod touch.
It's also good if you can't afford an iPhone. Most people feel like a smartphone is a necessity, though, so I'm sure not a lot of people even consider using an iPod touch as their main device.
What even happens if you run out of lives in the newer Mario games?
Mine's definitely the galaxy xl. I've loved it ever since I've seen it, and after only ever having DS's with a solid color on the back and black inside, I love the sparkly blue inside and actually having a picture on the back.
http://cdn2.crushable.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/aria-eyes.gif
I hate watches but I'd wear a smart watch, mainly for fitness tracking and standing reminders, especially after a surgery.
I don't believe in these conspiracy theories, but if the government wanted to fake it, why would they let people in on it? Wouldn't they just let people do all the math and think they did it? 
It'd help a lot for specific stuff. Like if you've got 1 hand and you're already in the app and need to do something else with your hand. Or if you're in a wheelchair and you're going somewhere. Although Siri could also do the same thing already
I loved the badge arcade. Even though I never spent money, it's always fun to open it and have a free game. Are they discontinuing it because of low sales or because of the switch? 
I like how Jane the Virgin knew they were a soap opera and kinda made fun of it and had a good time. But it became much less enjoyable when I realized a lot of prime time shows feel like soap operas
Are they complaining about people worshipping pop idols? Because there's always someone who worships any musician.
And I don't really see people mocking old pop icons, and when I do, it's either about their new music or just jokes.
Are they complaining about elitism in pop? As if that's a thing exclusive to pop? I don't really understand what they're complaining about. Someone please tell me 
I love my dog but the relationships between my siblings & my dog are very different. My dog feels more like my child to me, though.
Although a lot of siblings aren't very close. Me and my 2 siblings that are close in age spent a lot of time together. My much older brother didn't spend as much time with us.
I thought the new album was gonna be "woke pop" or whatever she said
Animal Crossing. I know the dialogue so it's mostly just pressing b a lot and looking for fossils and hybrids. I also used to do Pokémon Shuffle some. 
Is this gonna be a country album? And if so, is it gonna be like Joanne country or like the country music I hear in gas stations a lot
I got the IAP and still saw ads for awhile. I don't see ads anymore but they've also changed the interface a lot. The paid app would probably be better
Siri doesn't work offline though
I also don't know how Out of the Woods could've done even if she promoted it. That song was a promo single and i feel like a lot of fans were already tired of it
I have been trying for like 3 years 😫
I think it'd be cool but I really don't want them to start doing what Disney does and just release a match-3 game for every new movie they make. I don't want _____ Run to be their mobile thing
So June's husband had a wife? And they both were just fine with him cheating?
I followed to bot but every day but all it did was tweet a random, sometimes funny joke
Well how do we know he didn't? They didn't show anything
I still don't trust the Commander but I think he's just doing what he can to survive. Like how I imagine North Korea: a lot of high-up people doing bad things so they themselves don't die. I'm really interesting in seeing how everyone else is treated in this society. 
I'm really liking this show. I wonder if people will start comparing real life events to this like they do with 1984.
I'm really looking forward to more Hulu original shows
Do the wives and husbands of soldiers really act like that (like how Jane's wife seemed really pissed that she couldn't come home)? Like if I was married to a solider and they said "something came up", I'd assume it's really important 
We're not buying diamonds because we're buying new electronics all the time. New electronics provide benefits; diamonds do not.
I just know saw this so, sorry. But I mean that like, her songs are just playing on the fact that people automatically associated her with the devil once she started wearing a ton of black stuff. Not necessarily a parody, but still
I was looking forward to their songs after Closer but it's like they think we want to hear a bunch of Closer clones. Hopefully the next album will give us a really good single
Both have their advantages. I like Instagram stories more but I like Snapchat's bitmoji integration & memories. But Instagram doesn't kill my battery. And I kinda like not having so many features and stickers to choose from sometimes.
I use AdGuard for safari. It works fine for me. I whitelist a ton of sites though, I just use it to hide pop ups
That happened with me when I had an ad blocker. It wouldn't register the video as an ad but it would register the "skip" button as an ad so it'd hide it. Turning it off worked for me
Diabetes is the worst. I got diabetes from steroids after I got cancer and imo the diabetes was the worst thing ever. I can spend all day without thinking about my cancer. With the diabetes, I had to constantly think about my blood sugar
I have cancer and got my feet covered with warts like these. I did what you did and nothing helped. One of my dermatologists suggested a laser treatment and it's really painful but after over a year of treatment, it actually helped. It shocks the wart and kills the blood vessel (all according to him). I'm still getting the planters warts but getting the laser on it helps the most.
This is what I used. Ask a dermatologist about it: https://www.dermatlanta.com/cosmetic-dermatology/laser-skin-resurfacing/
Where can I get the h264 safari thing?
 I listened to the interview last night and the title makes it seem like a heartfelt moment. It wasn't. It was a side comment talking about the album she scrapped and why she scrapped it- because she's no longer mad about all the hate the got.
Wasn't 2FA available for everyone for awhile? I've had it for a long time
Meghan Trainor. It was a free download for All About That Bass and my siblings always hate the new music I play but they loved this
Love Cupcakke but having to hear Tana Mongue is not fun
I loved that EP. I loved her first EP (whatever that was called) the most though. It had You're In Love, which is my favorite song by her, and I don't know if that song's even available anymore. I don't know why she loves deleting music so much
Why do people have 1989 so much? It was such a good album 
Do they do what the academy awards (I think those awards) do? Like how you have to pay age buy the voters things?
Please go to @makeawish on twitter and show some support to the girls who wished to go to the Grammys!
Ooh okay, thanks
Why don't you love yourself
Anti trump stuff is the best PR. Hate from conservatives, trending hashtag from liberals. And the people they'll piss off aren't the people who listen to their music
I don't think most conservatives even watch pop related things
What did Mike will do in this song then?
Did Mike will made it make the original song? Serious question, I don't know a lot of older songs
I think they would've done that for any tribute performance
He is but "real musicians" is such an annoying phrase
[imagine having this opinion](http://imgur.com/i16bci0) 
It's no contest, he definitely was gonna get it. 
How is it sexist
James Corden: *tells joke*
Audience: http://data.whicdn.com/images/50457184/original.png
Y'all if Rihanna had won: Sia was cheated!
Y'all if Sia had one: Rihanna was cheated!
That 21pilots guy with the yellow hair looks like Detox with yellow hair
Low standards
I think it's kinda funny, but that's not something you joke about on television. Like she knew she was being filmed.
I finished Gravity Falls. One question: how come the force field around the house only works half the time? Like they were terrified when an eyeball bat thing came close to them and had to hide and turn off the lights. But then right after that happened, they explained the force field. Why would they be scared in the first place?
She's definitely very likable, too. I'm not a Rihanna fan but she seems like she's genuinely doing what she loves and having a good time.
Is CBS all access the only way to watch the Grammys?
All I can think about is that text post from Tumblr that said a rich celebrity is gonna go on stage and say something like "trump.....bad man" and everyone's gonna be like "_____ did THAT!"
They were, but some people still didn't like it (not sure if it was in the book, but in the movie, one worker stops working and everyone around him starts acting scared)
Oh, I thought something really bad happened in the comments
Oh oops, I meant 1984
I think it's good. I think it'll grow on me. I'm sure it'll become a hit just by having her name on it, too, so that's a plus.
Although I don't think it's aimed at everyone, because every person blocks out the bad things that don't affect them. And it also seems more like a song about people dancing their lives away? Like their lives could be going wrong and they could just be using music as a coping method?
It seems much more like Brave New World. Especially the "we think we're all free" thing. In 1989, everyone was miserable and knew they were miserable but couldn't show it. In Brave New World, people had rose-colored glasses on and everything was perfect for them, even though other people were very much miserable (the factor workers).
I still have mixed feelings about it. Something still feels off about the look of notifications and stuff, but I like the look of widgets and the lock screen. 
Who is it about?
I really love the color blue and I'd like a bear in my town but I can't stand villagers with hair :/
It's terrible for me. I use reminders for medicine that I take multiple times a day, and on android, it would sometimes forget to remind me and then if I accidentally swiped the notification away, I would never know I had missed a dose
It's so much easier to get coins and you don't have to spend coins to unlock new areas. In Pokémon Picross, you can only unlock like 7 jewels if you complete all the objectives in one level. It takes like 100+ jewels to unlock a new area, so you're stuck doing the daily Picross exercise to get a few jewels and slowly building them up.
It's basically just a video post but with a live feed. It's terrible, but matches the terrible app
I don't know, I just don't like it :/
It was grade 3 and grade 9. Although I've had budgeting projects throughout high school
Trump vs Taylor Swift in court. Who wins?
Why are the comments disabled 👀
The good thing about Instagram is that there's barely any political stuff on it, since there's not reblog type of thing. And I've had an animal crossing blog on Tumblr for years that only got like 100 followers, but I somehow got like 300 Instagram followers for my AC account in a few months. Instagram's recommended thing probably helps a lot. 
Twitter is good for news and stuff, tumblr is good for funny stuff. I use tumblr the most probably
Who would have stolen it?
I really only had to come out to people I knew. In college, since I don't know anyone, I can just not talk about it since no one cares. But I can still drop hints if a conversation ever comes up but it's nothing like coming out and it's more like, instant acceptance and no questions about it. (In high school, someone finding out you're gay would always end in "whaaattttt????? You're gay?????????")
I started using Instagram's stories instead of Snapchat stories and Instagram's is 900% better. The only downsides are no geo filters, face filters, and no memories. But my battery life is better and I love Instagram's community anyway. It's easy to make friends on Instagram.
Also being able to hide stories on Instagram & not having to see clickbait news articles is nice. 
There is. At my school they do teach you budgeting but no one cares or listens. Kids don't want to learn about something they won't need until a long time. 
I love the song but this video was so extremely dull. Good aesthetics but there's more to a video than just looking cool
I love this, I'm so excited. Please put it on streaming services though.
Didn't they say it was weird that he's gay and talked about doing drugs and stuff? The "it's wack" statement wasn't in relation to him coming out, but what him coming out did to his music in their eyes
This was the biggest lie after I got my boxer. People kept saying "they might accidentally make a toddler fall over every once in awhile" but like, mine can make an adult fall over every day when one comes home.
It's okay. It feels like a basic debut music video, though. Like I feel that if I didn't know who Lady Gaga was, I would think this video (and the other music videos for this album) came out before her music videos from The Fame & Born This Way.
I'm not sure how I feel about this song, but I LOVE the concept of putting disco balls out everywhere for hype. This is great 
I don't know how anyone could do that. Getting a port in my chest took over 6 months to get used to, and I still have trouble sleeping on my side because it feels weird knowing it's there
And they account for 80% of new Tumblr followers. (Some weeks I'll get a new pornbot follower every day)
Wait what happened 👀
She hates working with her, but because she was so analytical and dominant. But I can't find the article that said it but I remember reading that Sia really wanted to be friends with Katy. They just have different song writing techniques.
Me either. And my last buddycrossing turned out terrible and my first and only money tree magically disappeared after an hour. I'm not mean enough to call someone out so I just said I had to go and then deleted her friend code.
I would watch it. It's kind of a basic movie (like it could easily be summed up in a few sentences) but it's still good to watch if you love the show. 
What about the color toads? What happens now that you've reached the red limit?
I think Facebook live is the best live streaming I've used, but it's more friend-focused. But I like how it saves the video after you've finished the live streamed. Instagram doesn't, it automatically deletes, and Periscope is only good if you have a ton of Twitter followers. Tumblr live is the worst.
What're the bad qualities of them? I know like how Platypuses are poisonous even though they look extremely cute.
I don't care for ed's music but he seems like a great guy and I never mind hearing good news about him. Good for him
I don't know, that kinda sounds like a reach. Of course she sang Born This Way, she has an album named after that. And the two dancers could've just been a coincidence, I don't think placing two poc in the front of the other dancers was anything, either. It's normal for there to be two front dancers from what I've seen.

Also yes the origin of the song it bad but no one thinks of that when they hear the song. They just hear a patriotic song
Pokémon Picross was the worst in regards to the paywall. Pokémon Shuffle is my favorite one, even though the match 3 games have been beaten to death. Pokémon Rumble is just so incredibly boring and repetitive
I really like the Disney themes (monsters inc & Mickey Mouse classic). Also love the billboard acnl theme, and sleeping pikachu theme.
I think they're definitely worth it, it's like having a wallpaper and matching colors.
They really need to hire new website designers, their mobile sites always suck for some reason. The banner takes up 1/4 of the screen
So "delete it fat" was low-effort but "I am BALD my weave was snatched" in literally every thread is fine? I don't understand either
I don't understand why people are angry. Everyone knows who Lady Gaga is, no matter their age. If you ask a bunch of teenagers and young adults about Bruce Springsteen or The Who, they'll just ask "who?"

And this might be a biased opinion but none of those artists sound like they'd put on a great show. They'd just do what Coldplay did but probably worse.

And what even is "real music"? Music that was created before the year 2000?
Not bringing politics really helped her I think. I'm sure she would've done well even if she did, but now the only bad stuff I've been hearing about her performance has been those conspiracy theories. I expect a little backlash about the Born This Way thing but I doubt anyone noticed. 
I'm really not sure how well they'll do. I always thought that the good thing about Netflix was that I can watch it on any device (even though I only have apple devices.) but knowing them, their cable app thing would only be available on Apple products and MAYBE have a subpar app on the android store
The stock apps are one of the major reasons I stay with Apple. I tried Android last year and it was just too time consuming trying to find an android replacement for reminders.
The fox sports live stream froze, so I'll probably miss the Nintendo commercial :/
Really great show, so glad there weren't any political stuff in it. She did great!!!
I also wish there was something that would prevent you from falling to your death after you pop your bubble. It's really hard to get it right sometimes
Are you having some problems with it too? All I've had it crashing if I try to do stuff too quickly
Now this is my kinda humor
I have Adblock but I try whitelisting all the sites I go to anyway. I don't really mind seeing ads, I love seeing relevant ads too, but if I'm browsing the internet I don't want to take the chance of getting a pop up ad
I have depression & anxiety too but this game has only made the anxiety slightly worse. Like when a villager says "wow you look terrible!" and when they get mad if you don't buy their garbage

I play it every day, though, since it's an amazing game.
What about Beyoncé doing something? Do you think she'll respect Gaga's wishes? (Serious question)
Zara Larsson: your whole fanbase is 12 year old girls and gay men, hating men all the time is definitely not helping your career at all
Ever since I've had my iPod touch (can't afford an iPhone), it will just randomly stop the music if it goes out of reach of wifi. So I have to turn on airplane mode before driving or it'll just cut off my music while I'm driving. The music is already downloaded, too. It's annoying.
I mean, if we never forgave artists for doing dumb things then a lot of artists would be in trouble.
Yeah, it's terrible, but if you're taking constant screenshots then L + R would be a better option. But I only take one screenshot and I'm done, so I just do that
It'd probably be easier to look at HouSuperBowl's Snapchat since they have a short clip of her saying that. But Snapchat doesn't allow links to stories
Is anyone having problems with profiles? I created my own profile but I'm still seeing shows on my watchlist from the other profile. 
I hate her but I LOVE her music and I'm so excited for this. Badlands was my favorite album of 2015
I started watching the Pokémon show and why is Ash so pretentious? Like he constantly says "I'm gonna win this! I always win!" and "my Pokémon are so much better than theirs" and why is he so constantly rude to Misty
Also I hate Nurse Joy's voice so much, she sounds like a rugrats character
I only mirror YouTube, because I constantly like videos, and the Apple TV Apple doesn't have a way to do that (and if it does, I can't find it).
I mean, isn't that just 3 girls? And one of them is a child molester. I don't think they have high standards, they just go for the easy target (a boy with a poor mom and no friends)
As an Amazon Music exclusive. Someone needs to fire whoever let that happen
And I'm still trying to finish Chamber of Secrets that I started in 2014
We read hunger games in 9th grade lit and the whole class agreed that catching fire was the best book
I hope it's a good song. I really don't like slow songs and they're super hard to get into. But I'm still excited
I don't know if it's appropriate to ask this here but why do all throwback Thursday posts contain like, 5 paragraphs of commentary? Is it a new rule?
No. Because if you stay silent about certain issues, you run a smaller risk of pissing people off.
And it would just turn into celebrities tweeting an emotional-less (is that a word?) message.
And what if they just don't have anything to say to hasn't already been said?
A lot of the tv channel apps like CN and Disney Channel are terrible, too. Get ready for a bunch of terrible apps that will make you wait forever to get basic features like choosing the quality of videos & continue watching a show. 
This gave me a rush of anxiety 😟
Well one problem would be that Apple might start charging Podcasters for using iTunes, and then a lot of Podcasters would just stop using iTunes for podcasts.
I'm thinking Norman does something to Emma. That trailer where Dylan is pissed off at him makes me think Norman either killed Emma or tried to kill Emma. Although it could just be after Dylan finds Norma's body, but I'm not sure.
Although Emma might just die of a lung infection or something.
How are their songs sexist? They mention Closer, too, which is written by Halsey. And they give a very negative explanation for the song by saying "it's about a guy who fucks a girl and then realizes he hates her" but I thought it was just about a guy and a girl who grew apart and then meet again in a bar and forget why they left each other?
Also why is the writer so angry. calm down
Sorry if this is a stupid question, but it says he went on vacation in Turkey and then something about fighting ISIS? Did he go there to do that or did he just feel like vacationing in Turkey? If so, is Turkey a safe country to be a vacationing?
Didn't she apologize though 
You know a song has flopped when they start promoting it on Musical.ly
This'll probably be the only show based on Psycho for a long long time, I can't imagine a director (or whoever starts shows) trying to revive this and one up Bates Motel
The Coldplay Super Bowl thing where Beyoncé apparently did something "anti police" or something with Malcolm x? I'm not sure, a lot of people here were talking about it but I don't even know how they paid attention to it. I probably know more Coldplay than they did and even I couldn't sit through it
The lyrics really speak to me
I always just put it in the bag of the person who pushes my wheelchair lol, I'm too lazy to even shake it
Waittttt. Is that Dylan yelling "Norman!!!!" and then shoving him against the car? Does this imply what I think it does? I was kinda assuming (spoiler alert maybe?) Emma would die this season from a lung infection or something. 

Also I wonder if Rihanna will suffer from the same thing one of the other Psycho actors got after the shower scene, where she had a fear of being attacked in the shower.
Would her learning about it from the police be any better though? I'm assuming the grief came from the fact that her husband died, not that she learned about it from tv
Also save it to Miiverse. I tested it with my old 3DS and the L&R screenshot had tons of jpeg artifact, while the Miiverse photo was much more smooth.
I was a little iffy about trump in the beginning (mainly because of how I couldn't trust the main news outlets to not twist everything the candidates said), but wow, now I really cannot stand him. The banning thing is ridiculous and there's no rational way of defending it. I still this Melania and Barron should be off limits, though.
Maybe Melania will undo the crappy school lunch program, like I remember lunches being different but now the lunches suck. My mom is a teacher and she says "the kids probably don't eat healthy at home, and then when they try fruits and vegetables for the first time here, they're gonna hate it. The pears are rock hard. The apples are squishy." And my brother has started bringing his own lunch because of how little they feed them. Last week they literally had cheese inside bread for the main entree thing. 
I don't know, if humans were bisexual by default, then all the gay guys who tried really hard to like girls would have succeeded.
A lot of shows never really mention character's sexualities anyway. And when they do, the writers over do it and ruin it anyway. Or they give the character annoying stereotypical stuff.
Yeah, that's why it always irks me whenever people say that meeting partners on the internet is a bad thing. For a lot of people, especially LGBT, it's the only way. Unless you always make tons of friends wherever you go.
I feel like a lot of the "greatest hits off all time" would be hated by the community. People are harsher on stuff when they don't have any outside opinions on it. Like if you listen to a new artist you have 0 expectations for it. If you listen to old Madonna songs for the first time you have high expectations.
I had been playing for like a year when it first came out, stopped playing due to every level being exhaustingly difficult, but recently got back into it. I really enjoy the Safari thing, since the levels are pretty easy and I can just keep playing until I catch them. Also blew threw like 90,000 coins in the main stage levels. I love this game
People will still mention the gay rights thing whenever chick fil a comes up. I knew a few people who refused to eat there because of it. But I don't know what they were expecting from a Christian company that closes every Sunday
I really like night shift when all the lights are out. I really don't understand how it can work if there are any other light sources around you though
Don't they help with streaming plays though? I heard on a Podcast that having longer albums helps with getting more streams
The first time I saw him I thought "is this just Tyler Oakley 2" 
I can't stand Halsey or Grimes. I love their music but they always seem to have a problem with the smallest things. Halsey more than Grimes, though. If Halsey still had a tumblr she'd be that person to reblog those doxxing posts and defend it by saying "well they deserve it so :)"
Why are people so quick to hate on artists they like? I'm not an ed sheeran fan but having goals and ambition isn't a bad thing. Every artist has goals and ambitions.
This scares me but hasn't this been a headline for years now? I swear I've seen news about a new resistant superbug but nothing huge ever seems to happen.
My favorite is Cheatsheet. I just keep the widget in the notification but it also has a keyboard and Apple Watch app if you want that. It can show you stuff like those long default wifi passwords, your student ID number, friend codes, etc. I also use it to store those (ಠ_ಠ) things.
It's free but has an "unlock everything" for $2.99. Here's the link:
https://appsto.re/us/LflH2.i
I really don't think we're entitled to anything, but i would like to see Picross on sale. I'd also love it if they did sales on themes, even though they're only like $2. The free themes are still nice though
Kerli is my favorite. Her new stuff sounds like they could all be pop hits. In order from favorite to least favorite (although I still love them all):
• Diamond Hard
• Feral Hearts
• Blossom
• Spirit Animal (it was a collaboration and not as good but I thought I'd include it anyway)
I think it's because a lot of the drag queen music (or at least the ones I've heard) sound like the music of someone who felt like trying out music. And it's not like they have labels to help write and produce their stuff
I have and iPad and I love it. I also use an iPod touch as my main device. They're basically the same, except my iPad has battery percentage and a bigger screen.
I have an iPad and I love it. I got it for free though (some company will give iPads to children with cancer). I would never have paid for it though.
I still feel like it's not a necessary device, but I can't live without it now.
I feel like all this would do is cause people to just buy drinks from the store or just use the drive thru instead. I know my dad is huge on eating out at restaurants because of the free refills.
Although I can't speak for everyone, just moving the drink machine to behind the counter and making the cashier refill it makes me so much more likely to not get it refilled because I hate doing that.
http://imgur.com/HJPqqOH
Maybe that & some extreme case of bipolar, since he can't control himself even though he seems like he wants to. 
My Psychology course (the only class I'm taking now because I'm sick) has a textbook with a free PDF. And the teacher said it doesn't matter what you get. So a free textbook. But to make it even better, the company that made the book has an iBooks version for $5. I bought it and it's so much better than any Kindle textbook I've ever had. I love it.
This helps me a little when I'm sick, and also because I will forget to drink water. But I can't really stand it for long periods of time 
I hated this book. I went into it expecting too much probably, and I really liked the setting and I love dystopian books. Animal Farm was way better
Why leave the motel but not the house?
This is great. I would rate all my apps if I didn't have to manually go to the AppStore and sign in. Signing in is the main reason I rarely rate apps.
No, every political discussion post on this subreddit is not a discussion at all.
I don't see it as offensive though. Like it was clearly a humorous song
Thank you!!
I just play the game for fun, so I'm not really worried about Dream address (except for the glow sticks and stuff by the tree).
Thank you for the advice though! I agree that the garden is out of place, I'm just having trouble finding a good replacement for it since it's so hard for me to put together a kitchen.
Mine is 4E00-000F-8480

A few disclaimers: I'm still working on hogs exterior combinations.
I wait for the color flower I want to grow and then when it does grow, I go and put it in the area I want. So some places have colors that aren't right (like 7 yellow flowers and one white one in a row)
I think Norma definitely had some sort of mental illness (I think it's bipolar but I'm not an expert). Like for example, she yelled at Norman for wanting to hang out with people. When he actually fought back, she started crying. She twisted arguments to where even if she's wrong, she makes Norman feel like he did something wrong.
You made the mistake of thinking political posts on popheads are discussions. I've seen very few that didn't just down vote what they disagree with. 
Ur So Gay was an amazing song at the time though imo
It's bad because people voted in a "bad" guy? I don't understand this reasoning 
These are my personal opinions, disclaimer that I don't care if an album flows great or is really poetic, all I care about is if it's entertaining to listen to:

•Karmin. I'm pretty sure Hello was an EP and Pulses was their album, and Pulses was amazing. It's one of my favorite albums; it's filled with mostly "this could be a hit" songs. But their newest album was so underwhelming. The best songs were ones that had been out for a year.
• Ke$ha, Animal was amazing. Warrior was not that good in my opinion. It was boring, even though a few songs were really good.
• La Roux- her debut album was amazing and fantastic and then her second album was sooo boring.
•  Lana Del Rey- Born to Die and Paradise are also my favorite albums, Ultraviolence took awhile to get into but its songs didn't hook me like her first two did. It's also the album I play when I want to sleep to music. Honeymoon was alright. I like a few songs on it.
• marina and the diamonds- loved the first two albums but could never get into Froot. I understand that's a really popular album but it's just so bland to me. Love the lead single though
• Tove Lo- queen of the clouds was the very first album I listened to on Apple Music and I LOVED it. Lady Wood was such a let down. I love a few songs from it but it can't top queen of the clouds.
His dog also tried crossing the road, then Norman heard a car coming and told him to stop but he didn't.
Although it seemed to me that he did tell him to stop while he was in the middle. I don't know. That scene was really odd
Refusing to answer isn't an admission of guilt. I'm not saying she isn't lying but what's the point of even asking the question then?
Really glad this is going to well. It's not violent! I think it's great, and they have a ton of protestors
I hope this is good and he brings in humor that isn't just constant "haha I LOVE Taco Bell and I hate myself" jokes that he does in his videos (especially the Trying Dumb Life Hacks and Trying Girl Products videos)
But this isn't a vlog type thing so I hope it's great
This is what my dog does. He's a boxer mix (I think he's also mixed with jack russel terrier but we don't know). My dad's friend will bring over his slightly larger, older, female dog and my dog will just bother her the entire time. It's a good thing she's a calm dog because he will just sniff her face the entire time
I live in a red state (Georgia). It's not too bad. Most of the people I've met who voted trump do not support him, they just don't support Hillary. They're scared too but they're relieved at the same time since they hated Hillary so much. 
Roku is a great mix of Apple TV & Chromecast. Although I had a ton of problems with my Roku
I hate country but I admire that they all seem like real southern people and not appealing to the masses (like being conservative, singing about southern stuff)
I finally finished Pokémon Moon. (Spoilers ahead) I almost lost the fight against that rich girl's mom and that was definitely the hardest fight ever. Then I lost the last battle against Kukui and had to fight the 4 people over again and then defeated him. I didn't have any ultra balls though so I couldn't catch that totem Pokémon at the end. That rich girl's brother was still emo and had that haircut.

Things I didn't like about the game: 
• when someone sends in a Pokémon you've battled before, it gives you the option the switch Pokémon. But it won't tell you if each Pokémon's moves will be super effective or not, which seems dumb. I need to know that if I'm gonna switch Pokémon.
• literally why is the first clothing options capris? Yuck
• there's like 5 different hair color options, and they're all different shades of brown and then like white blonde
• only girls the those glove hats? Wtf?
• kukui needs to put on a shirt. If he can wear sweatshorts he can wear a shirt


Also having greninja from the demo really helped me throughout the game. Even though he wouldn't listen most of the time at first, when he would occasionally listen, he'd save the battle for me. Mimikyu also helped a lot at the end. She could endure 1 hit in the beginning of the battle and it wouldn't cause any damage. She's also the cutest Pokémon ever.
I feel like everyone knows who Madonna is but it's usually "oh yeah I've heard of her before"
I have an iPod touch, so I use it for Starbucks (I rarely go though), to check my iTunes balance, and some other rewards cards.
This is my psychologist whenever we solve one problem and another one comes up
Does the article state why he got fired? I skimmed through it and all I saw was the IT workers reason (racial discrimination). But I'm curious if he's just a terrible employee, he sounds terrible 
It's Dooo It I think, it was the first one. It was not good
I think she just wants to make pop music. That's what she's doing now. She's not doing promo or anything. I think she's just having fun putting out music and enjoying nature
They don't even have internet. They did for a few years but the internet company kept raising the price so they stopped paying
Julian always asks me if he's cool or clueless. It's annoying
Thank god. It would probably be about trump and I'm so tired of hearing about him. Plus I'm not sure about the football demographics, but the Super Bowl probably knows it doesn't want to piss off the conservative audience. They're a large majority I assume.
Although I doubt they'd be watching the halftime show anyway
No, unfortunately. I really like her but so many people hate her. People have really strong feelings about her to where they wouldn't even give a new song by her a chance.
I don't know much about phones, but at my grandparent's house, everyone's phones can barely get a signal (if you can get one at all) and it's always Edge i think. They can't have cell phones because of this. Does this mean there will be absolutely no signal there?
I always keep my iPad in Do Not Disturb mode because of this. I don't need to hear 2 devices go off for 1 notification
I also hate the faint police sirens in the song. I have the CD and always have to skip that song in the car because it scares me every time.
That was the first major YouTube video I've seen that had a topless woman. First was My Medicine by The Pretty Reckless but that was very popular
I love the album. Just hated the main music video for it
Kerli. She was signed to multiple other record labels before quitting. I think she didn't want to make sad alternative music anymore (because she isn't sad anymore) but she didn't want to create dance music either. She says she tried it and it all felt really empty. 
Is it possible for an America's Next Top Model candidate to just want to model because they like it, instead of being a "spokesperson for the people without a voice, to show that _______ is okay"
They're either afraid of the home button or lock button failing, or the buttons are too loud for classrooms. My iPod 4th generation had loud button clicks.
Eh, I really enjoy the community I follow on Tumblr. There are a lot of people who don't get into political stuff. Tumblr is way easier to get followers on too. But they're very lax on their rules
I watched skin wars and they had a breast cancer episode. It was filled with stuff like "I chose not to die" and "I fought the fight" and a bunch of stuff about how it made them face death kinda. People see stuff like this and will think that's how all cancer patients are.
Also I'm very salty whenever someone's chemo is shorter than mine and I would kill if the main part of my cancer was just removing my chest and giving me tons of scars
Every star wears makeup though and most of their photo shoots use photoshop after. I agree with you but photoshop and makeup can definitely help you look better if you're considered ugly. 
He looks like that guy who was Fred from YouTube, I forgot his name
Feeling forced to attend class is a terrible thing. I have special accommodations for cancer, but when I attended a private college, I still had crazy teachers that would be super strict on "you must attend every class or you will fail". The college even had a 2-3 absent policy where it was okay to miss a certain number of days, but making it where a student will fail if they don't attend a class just hurts the student even more
Probably the same reason there's not an Apple movies/tv shows app on the Fire tv stick. They want you to keep with the ecosystem
It's one of my favorite albums. I agree though, most of it's really weird. I love the album art too
I just got into Bonnie McKee. I really like her music and her music videos but her videos have that teen girl aesthetic but she's 32. And one of her music videos is space themed and the song is a cute love song but like she does a strip tease in it, which isn't a bad thing, but it's a slow love song and it doesn't match the music. But I still love it
Who stays away from their parents in Paris? "I'm mad at mom and dad, I'm just gonna take a trip to Paris"
Not saying I disagree but everyone overcomes personal challenges
I like how they're straightforward with the battery, "2-6" hours is better than "up to 6 hours"
Nooooo so it's gonna have an Xbox Live type thing? :/ glad I just got a new 3ds, I hope they don't make the online features paid too.
I still don't understand why people are angry about that. It wasn't even insulting, everyone has said "I hate Americans" at one point in their lives
I hate when cancer survivors say "I CHOSE to live!" like how do you not understand that it's not completely your choice? There was a girl in the hospital when I was getting heavy chemo and she had tumors in her stomach and they couldn't operate on her. I don't think she "chose" to die. It's like 90% whatever your body decides to respond to it and 10% you actually wanting to live.
It's like people telling you to just be happy! It's all up to you how you feel!
I don't know, I think they like it more because they know those artists better. There are so many more popular female artists than male artists (that might be wrong though)
Wait what'd he do
What happened?
I only hate it because it feels like Happy 2.0 but there's a reason it did so well, it's a good song
I think people hated them before but that gave them a reason to justify their hatred
I got Halsey's Badlands, I play it in my car since it doesn't have a aux hole thing. It was actually a gift but since I got Apple Music I don't buy music anymore
I really can't see him winning another election unless it's still a taboo thing to support him in 4 years, then in that case he probably will
Definitely. My Roku was slow and laggy, and you'd have to restart it multiple times if you wanted to use an app. And it wouldn't work with my wifi for some reason. Also airplay is amazing and definitely work it
Adguard is great. I bought 1blocker awhile ago and switched to Adguard after about a year of using it, and Adguard is so much better. It's also free. 1blocker never worked for me
Britney could start using prerecorded holograms of herself for performances and y'all would just say "Britney is a performer, not a singer...."
Iggy Azalea has said some terrible things in the past but she's apologized. What's the point of actively hating her for something she obviously regrets
She really seems very effortless when singing. A lot of singers look like they're struggling whenever they perform. 
I really hate when something in America is banned and people are like "wow Americans are so stupid they had to ban this lol" like 99% of Americans don't care, all it takes is 1% of Americans to want to ban something and they'll find a way too. And most Americans don't follow politics that aren't president related. 
Well if they're meant for kids I don't know why an adult would like them that much
Listen to Nasty by Brooke Candy. My siblings said they thought it was Meghan Trainor but Brooke isn't a terrible person and the song is super catchy
If they did make it obvious, no one would sign up for Gmail
I wouldn't say it's my favorite. I drink mostly water but it's far from my favorite. But you kinda need it to live so
Yes, there's this really creepy guy that comes and stays in the motel and there's a few episodes with him. That really got me hooked, it was so suspenseful and you don't really know what's going on and Norma tries to figure out what he's up to (I think)
 I hope she does well, we need more singer/songwriters. I'm kinda worried though since she's so young
Are you talking about good for music or for artist? I think anything would be good for music, but I think Tumblrcore is bad for the artists. Tumblr is the most entertaining website I've been on but if I was famous I would absolutely avoid it at all costs. Terrible staff and terrible users, maybe like 30% of the users are good but they're usually not the ones who are gonna comment on your posts. Twitter comments are typically "fuck my so hard I die" and tumblr comments are "Just an FYI, this artist has said VERY racist things. I can't remember what they said but it was terrible. Do NOT support them!"
I felt the exact same way at first. I don't remember when it picks up, but I think after episode 6 maybe? I just remember watching a few episodes, removing it from my Netflix list because I thought it was boring, only to watch it again and it suddenly got really interesting.

(Spoiler?) Dylan's storyline is so boring to me though. All the marijuana farm scenes are just not interesting. They don't spend a ton of time on it though
Every church I've been to as a child saw him as brown hair with brown eyes. I live in the south. I've never seen him being depicted with blond hair and blue eyes. ￼
Yeah, her snapchat is just a daily selfie and maybe a video of her dogs, and her Twitter is just stuff like "happy new year" and her sharing articles about mermaid hair and fashion. What's up with her
I find it weird whenever they pronounce it and don't pronounce it. If they don't, it's weird. If they do, all the sound will fade out and then you'll hear them pronounce "d"
I think it's great. We don't want it ending up like Pretty Little Liars or Once Upon a Time where there's constantly new stuff. This way, it has an ending.
Do you have iCloud signed into your iCloud email or your primary email? I know I had my iPod signed in to gmail and iPad signed in to iCloud, and whenever I completed a task on my iPod, it wouldn't sync to the iPad. So I signed out and signed in with the gmail email, and it worked.
Why did the screenshot of the catfish's music on iTunes look like iTunes from 10 years ago? How is that possible 
Thank you
The food is terrible but it's also good, I don't know, I can't explain it. I think the whole "Elvis ate here" thing helps them
Why did she change it to white around the time of the VMA's then? 
They are terrible. First you feel bad because of your sickness and then you feel bad from how uncomfortable the masks are.
Is a new song about to come out or something? Why is her profile pic and profile cover photo all black
That's not what they meant. They meant "he's so young and has achieved so much, wow"
Can you explain? This seems really interesting
I don't know, it just made me miss bed more whenever I instantly woke up. Having an extra 30 minutes of slowly waking up and barely sleeping, I'm ready to get up. 
It was also terrible to film on since it's right where your hand is, so you have to hold it with your left hand
This is the song where the bass sounds terrible on any speaker it's played on. It's such a good song but I've never heard a speaker that didn't make the bass sound weird
At least you have a flair for Shakira
Also, Empire is my favorite shakira song 
I remember this song being free on iTunes for a week and got it, but didn't really enjoy it. Glad it got to #1 though
Why are you still in that Discord chat if you have to avoid someone in it?
I wish Nintendo would release galaxy themes for the 3DS. I just got a galaxy N3DS and I feel like the only good theme for it would be a galaxy theme
The first time I heard this song was on the Planet Money podcast where they said "(girl coworker) keeps playing this song but we've never heard it anywhere"
I'm a cancer patient (also have depression) and these are the games I play. I also have little energy, and can't think because of chemo brain:

All 3 of the Flow games are pretty good. Start with Flow Free, then Flow Bridges and Flow Hexes. Flow hexes is my favorite and is so much easier in my opinion. Some of the level packs can get really hard but I just skip them. I can play the game without focusing on it usually.

4Pics1Word also starts off really easily, and if you don't feel like doing a level, it'll send you a notification like every 8 hours and tell you a letter from the solution, and it'll eventually give you all but one letter. A lot of them are obvious quick ones you don't have to think about.
Some people really don't listen to popular music though
I think it's dumb to censor art but Facebook probably thinks it's users would just start to argue that "if a statue can have pictures of himself naked on here, why can't I?"
This is how I felt about Meghan Trainor. I heard the song before it blew up and thought "what a fun song!!" And then all the articles about her said stuff like "The New Feminist Icon" and I was done being excited about her
My siblings and my friend went to The Varsity in Atlanta (we've been a few times before but never with my wheelchair) and it was terrible. People who could walk just fine were sitting the disabled people's room (its right behind the place where you order, and all the other tables are in a bigger room up some stairs. No elevator) and there's even signs that say to move to a different table for someone that actually needs that table. There were also a bunch of loud teenagers in that room for some reason. These are probably the type of people who park in the handicapped parking when they're late to class
Luckily a worker saw me and found a seat for us to sit at. 
I do think there is some ageism but just because an artist was really good when they were younger, doesn't mean they'll have success forever. I mean, Avril Lavigne for example. She had Hello Kitty on her latest album.
I don't want to hate on Madonna but if you go your whole life hearing about how great Madonna is, and how she's the "queen of pop", and then you finally listen to her, you are let down so much. Her voice is so weak. Her being Madonna doesn't give her a pass to make mediocre music and still have success.

I think, if I can listen to the song in front of my parents then it's not explicit. My parents hate cussing and sex and alcohol but don't look too much into lyrics as long as it's not blatantly obvious. And any cussing should make it explicit.
I would use it if Apple Music supported it and it wasn't such a hassle to scrobble songs. Also if you could scrobble songs you've already listened to 
I forgot about cheap thrills :( I would've voted for it but it feels like it was released so long ago
You can also taste that clear water wash stuff (I forget what it's called) that they use before and after drawing a lot of blood. It tastes like metal and almost every kid with a chronic illness will get super nauseous from it
They're probably just gonna edit the rules and make it say "No delete it fat comments, or any variations"
Yes. It only recorded video though. I know me and my brother loved it when we were in middle school though, when it was the only device we had.
I think Handoff would've been great, and the keynote made it seem like something super helpful, but I never found a way to use it. If I'm in Safari, I can just use iCloud tabs, which doesn't require Bluetooth and works 99% of the time. If I'm in Pages, I can just save the document in iCloud and open it on another device. It's so much quicker than turning on Bluetooth and trying to get Handoff to work. iMessage is the only one that could be useful, but I never send long enough of texts that would require transferring to another device.
[Zella Day- Man on the Moon](https://youtu.be/XxIypo5BoUk) 
[Kerli- Feral Hearts](https://youtu.be/Qx4bBuD2TX8) 
[Kerli- Diamond Hard](https://youtu.be/TmVFjctH7bU) 
Oh okay I will. Sorry
I loved their comments, I didn't even know they were banned :/
This is the year I finish my 3 years of chemo, I'm so ready to do normal people things like walking and only getting sick for a few days and sleeping on my left side and being able to work out and improve myself and get a job and not have to sleep a lot
[Kerli- Feral Hearts](https://youtu.be/Qx4bBuD2TX8) 
[Kerli- Diamond Hard](https://youtu.be/TmVFjctH7bU) 
[Zella Day- Man on the Moon](https://youtu.be/XxIypo5BoUk) 
The Pretty Reckless- Who You Selling For
I'm kinda iffy on the comment changes, but I have faith you guys won't go overboard with it. Also what is ATRL?
I think it was mostly positive reactions, but you can still joke about an album sucking without actually thinking it sucks
It is. Saving the screenshot to Miiverse first and then using waifu2x makes the best screenshots
Google is terrible for dog info. I used to use it when searching for a dog to see if a certain dog was hypoallergenic, and I thought it was weird that EVERY dog was not hypoallergenic. Then I realized the article it got the info from said "no dog is truly hypoallergenic" so it was making every dog show that it wasn't hypoallergenic. It might have been changed by now, but it was still really annoying.
IF A SONG GETS PLAYED ONCE ON THE RADIO YALL WILL SAY ITS OVERPLAYED BUT IF IT DOESNT GET PLAYED 5 TIMES A DAY YOULL SAY ITS UNDERPLAYED WTF
Ke$ha & Katy Perry- True Love, such a good song, but I really doubt it would have done well 
If a girl is worthwhile for you, then she won't care what game you play. After all, it's not like a game can really tell you a lot about your personality. Really feminine guys can play call of duty, and really masculine guys can play Animal Crossing.  Although I wouldn't mention it at first. I play animal crossing a lot but if someone told me "I play this video game every day", it would not paint a positive image in my head
Do not sell the perfect fruit you find on the tree at first! Plant it!
I'm looking forward to Kerli's 3rd album, it's been like 4 or 5 years.
I really don't think it'll be a full AC game on mobile, like Pokémon Shuffle and Mario Run weren't full games, but everyone thought it would be full games. I just hope it's not another match 3 game. I will lose it if I see another match 3 game 
I used, and still use, and iPod touch. I've used it since high school, and it's great. There's wifi everywhere, it's cheaper, and no contracts.
I also had an iPad, and it's 16 GB, so I store everything on my iPod. 
It happens to me on my iPod all the time when listening to music. It happens right when I do something, like loving a song. It's annoying
I love both versions of these songs. I do not like the Glee version at all though, which I usually do.
Nope. I've been using it for a few years, and tried gmail for a few months last year, and I just like iCloud better. Adding tags (I think that's what they're called) didn't really benefit me at all, and I hated not being able to have an alias besides adding a plus or period. I also found that Gmail would mark a ton of important stuff as spam. I don't get that much spam anyway.
I have a yellow envelope thing (I don't know what it's called) and I just put them in there, fold the envelope so they don't fall out, and keep them beside my bed. I don't know what else to do with them, I'm not paying $40 for a card book. That's the price of a whole video game.
An app I use a lot named TVShowtime only does once, but a lot of users (and me) complained that if you select "no thanks", you'll get ANOTHER pop up that says "Selfish :p"
I'm hoping 2017 isn't like 2016 where we have to hear "omg 2016 totally sucks" every time a bad thing happens. Like the joke has been beaten to death 50 times this year can comedians stop with this, it's like fart jokes now
A month before All About That Bass blew up, the song was free on Meghan Trainor's website and I got it and thought "wow this is catchy but her talking voice in this is annoying" and the artwork was really pretty and it was fun.
Being skinny doesn't mean being healthy but I think a good first step for a lot of people is losing weight and then eating better and exercising more
I already know my voice sucks because whenever I talk someone asks "what'd you say?"
I hate those people that think using complicated language helps people asking for tech help. Like

Old person: how do I plug in the Nintendo

Someone who thinks they're super smart: you take the typically black power adapter dongle and gently plug it into the power outlet on the wall

What they should have just said so you don't make the old person not want to learn electronics: you take the wire that fits in the wall and you plug it into the wall
Why did they assume Nintendo would make it that way? I could see Nintendo doing energy and using coins for new levels, but I really don't think Nintendo would do crap like "upgrade your wallet" which I've never seen in a mobile game
Do most people have the icons as large as they can? I have mine where there's 3 rows, I don't understand how having them be large would be helpful at all
She just seems super likable to me, having her play the racist evil lady was weird
I don't know anything besides the movie version, so then I guess I just prefer john travolta's then. The other versions seem more serious
I just remember hearing this song in every car commercial years ago
My dog only ever stares at the turtle every once in awhile. He'll sit there for minutes just starting at him but I don't think he understands what the turtle even is.
The turtle, however, does not care. All he cares about is food
I know :/
A summary of the past few years for me:2014: got cancer, starting the 3 year treatment of chemo
2015: got a wart on each of my feet and made it painful to walk. Then got a surgery and warts grew under the scar from the other wart and now my foot is covered in them. Also got a turtle
2016: still got warts, 8 months of chemo left, and got avascular necrosis so instead of having a ball hip bone thing it got flattened and I can't walk at all or sleep well anymore. Also got a dog
Predictions for 2017: I go permanently bald, my shoulders get what happened to my hips, cows go extinct and cause macaroni prices to skyrocket.
Yeah I'm in the US. I don't ever see controversy or complaints about "Merry Christmas" and if I do, it's maybe 1 or 2 people just thinking out loud
I mean almost everything we do is bad for the environment. The phone you used to tweet that with is probably worse for the environment than a family's gift wrapping once a year, compared to the the pollution from power plants used to charge your phone
Yep, I ran out of things to say lol
I don't know anything about the game, but when I first read the title, I thought it was an anime fighter RPG game (I don't know video game genres). The name doesn't sound like it'd be similar to Animal Crossing
I got [this case](http://www.walmart.com/ip/Mario-nintendo-Nintendo-3ds-Game-Traveler-Mario/124073956) a few weeks ago and it's been great. I keep it in my backpack and it's really protective & it holds 8 games.
My dad ordered me a galaxy 3ds today. We went to Walmart and GameStop today searching for one. I didn't realize how rare it was, it was ridiculous. Although this morning GameStop said it had it in stock, but the store didn't have it in stock, so when we tried to order it, it said it just went out of stock. Ended up just getting it from Walmart for $300 (even though GameStop listed it for $200). Why is this thing so hard to get? I live in a town where you can go all over town and get 0 street passes. I doubt it's in high demand here.
Also, GameStop is terrible for wheelchairs. There was only 1 path big enough to go through and even then, I kept bumping into everything.
I dress mine how I'd like to dress. I have blue hair sometimes so I gave mine blue hair. I never wear long pants though, because my weight fluctuates a lot, I wash my clothes too much and they always shrink and it bothers me, and I'm in a wheelchair and I hate the way pants come up when I sit, and they're restricting. Because of this, I don't wear sweaters. But sweaters look so cute on animal crossing, so I gave him animal crossing. But I do always dress my character in blue and I wear 90% blue
I wish I had the time this month to get all my villager's present requests. I had a huge trip though and I don't time travel :(
My favorite villager is Jitters because he is the only villager I can remember when I played City Folk (I don't even remember any of Wild World.) I would love prize #3, series 3!
What's your discount?
Is UK culture any different from US culture? I feel like I hear "happy holidays" all month just because it'd be weird saying "Merry Christmas" when it's not even Christmas yet. But then when it is Christmas, I only hear "Merry Christmas"
Is this just a sub for people to show off their music tastes? I saw someone say "you seem like a cool and cultured person" on one of the posts.
I use Griffin Survivor case. I'm not someone who can afford just buying a new one if I break mine. And even if I could, I like not having to be super careful with it. 
I never really got Work Bitch either, or how it's always a workout anthem. It's not a bad song I just don't really get it 
The TV app kinda sucks. You have to manually add each show you watch and some don't even show up in the app. I watch Westworld from HBO Go, but it doesn't show the option to watch it in HBO Go. Only HBO Now (I think it's named that). And some apps like The CW don't even register a finished episode so it'll just say "continue watching" even though I've already finished the episode.
Ooh oops, thanks, I'll fix that
This makes a good commercial song but like I can't stand anything but that main part without the lyrics
I watched Hairspray Live last night and it was not that good. You could barely Ariana Grande's voice and imo sounded like she was trying to be Kat 2.0 and Tracy's mom sounded like a smoker and had 0 charm and likeability. Dove Cameron was good though. I'm not a fan of Kristen Chenowith (I think her name is) so I didn't really care for her, I thought her voice sounded weird too.
Also Link reminded me of that guy from Girl Meets World so that ruined him for me. And all the wigs looked weird. And if they weren't wigs then their natural hair must look terrible. I love Amber's hair though
I bought this game was expecting it to be lots of fun but it was really kinda boring to me. I got it on sale a month ago I think at 0.99
Finally got around to watching it, here are my thoughts:

• I don't know much about hair or wigs but almost all of the characters' wigs are terrible. If it's actually their real hair, then they need a new hairstylist. They look like they're wearing cheap Halloween costumes. Amber's hair looked really good though

• I don't like how they made Tracy's mom sound like a smoker. I guess the movie version spoiled me, this one just makes her mom look like a bad drag queen.

• Ariana grande is not a good penny. I was excited for her but wow. No. I feel like she's channeling Kat from Victorious years ago.

• I love Tracy, she seems a little emotionless at times but she's a great fit
Ooh that's terrible. I hadn't heard anything of it. She was probably drunk and didn't think about it, but it's still terrible 
Instagram: (underscore)michaeladams(underscore)
Snapchat: MichaelDAdams
Tumblr: boringmichael
Twitter: 1224michael
I thought everyone here loved it?
I've never heard of that, when was it?
Ooh I forgot about that, that's true. Now that I think of it, Hayley looks really suspicious now
Tumblr first, Reddit second, those 3 Flow games third
I have a lot, sorry:

Kerli, the last time she was ever really angry at another artist was with Gaga like 6 years ago but she apologized afterwards.
Hayley Williams also seems like she's never had any huge problems
Alt & AJ even though it's hard to have any incidents when you don't do anything anymore
Taylor Momsen also seems like she's never had any bad publicity. Plus I'm like 70% sure her songs are parodies kinda
http://img.pandawhale.com/146476-javert-beating-dead-horse-gif-oRL9.gif
I'm gay, but whenever I see people ask someone if they're gay, it's usually followed by something weird like "because you seem gay"
I do not understand how some people constantly say they cannot afford healthcare but then some people also say Obamacare is the only way they can afford healthcare. It's hard to find info on it because every news site has an opinion on it
I hate when they say the last game they played was Animal Crossing, but their house doesn't even show up in the showcase
It really annoys me how people will put the most vicious dogs on a leash in their backyard all day. They get loose almost once a month, and the dog will go charging at you full speed and barking, but the owner's just always like "oh, she won't bite you!"
Producer: *produces music*
News sites: They're literally reinventing music....wow
I'm so glad it states if the entrance is wheelchair accessible. Just having a wheelchair ramp doesn't make a place fully wheelchair accessible. That's just half the battle
I have mixed feelings about this. At least it's not a single from her upcoming album I think. It's a free download, so it's hopefully just a demo.
I have a Jams playlist of all the songs I listen to on a daily basis and this song has been on there for like a year now somehow
I hate when I try to google study guide questions and the site summary thing will act like someone answered the question but no one has. So like if I needed the answer to "what color is the sky?" the sites summary thing would say "The color of the sky is....." and then I get to the site, and the question wasn't even answered
For me, if you're playing a level and the internet cuts out halfway through, it lets you finish playing and then you'll have to get an internet connection to find out your score (I think. I didn't even know my internet cut out until I finished the level)
Yeah, I don't like that, but I think dating guys is just so much better. I dated girls for a few years to try to be straight and it was exhausting. Like constantly having to hear "You need to treat her like a princess and pay for everything!" is annoying. She was my girlfriend, not my child. Dating guys feels like you're dating a best friend.
Yes it is :)
I hate tipping. I almost always have an amazing server (and even if they're not amazing you can tell they're trying to be happy and have had a long day) and if 20% comes out to something like $2 I feel bad. $2 feels cheap. I always feel like I need to do $5
This reminds me of when 4chan "raided" Tumblr and there were tons of post saying stuff like "MY MOMS AN OFFICER AND THEYRE TAKING CARE OF IT AND TAKING ALL THEIR IP ADDRESSES"
I didn't listen to it for years because I could not stand the "let's put the art back in pop" crap. What makes your music art while others aren't? Then I finally listened to it this year and looked forward to it but it was just bland. Some songs were good but it wasn't amazing
I'm gonna guess that Just Like Fire gets it
Well it's probably hard enough for their minds at the time. Like when a elementary schooler complains about their homework. They've been in school for less than 5 years, they're doing basic math, but it's probably the most homework they've ever had to do up to that point.
Who exactly is this being sent to? Wouldn't a bunch of emails probably be better?
My cousins called it "mom's special goodness"
Ugh I have a big trip tomorrow, 13 hour drive, I was hoping I'd be able to spend a lot of that editing my patterns for the new season.
I mean, if another artist like Sia had taken the place of another artist, I'm sure people would still complain that the other artist wasn't included. I agree it's a mess but there are a lot of artist, and not a lot of spots.
Doesn't the winter snow reset the grass deterioration every year?
Is this the new 3DS? Where can I get one for $99?
Isn't that girl in the middle from Vine? I've seen some of her stuff but it mostly seems like Vine humor but dragged out to 5 minutes
Isn't there a new theme & songs?
Animal crossing helped a lot for my cancer. It gives you something to do when you can't get out of bed. And it's relaxing and you don't have to focus on it really hard like you would have to other games
I remember finding her after iTunes had Cameo Lover for free and Amazon had Settle Down for free too. It was great
Why? 
I doubt it'd fit well, they'd definitely lose viewers if they introduced aliens
I'm doing the typical thing and going to Orlando
I've always expected audio tracks to suck, but recently I watched 3% on Netflix with English dub, and it was fantastic. Sometimes I could've sworn the mouth movements matched up perfectly with the English 
I don't know why she posted it. I can't tell what's going on really, and she seems to have started filming after the woman said something. If she insulted her, I think it's fine that she posted it, but this seems like something that would be on snapchat
I'm ready for Madonna to stop making music. I'm so tired of the "she's the queen of pop" speeches people give, slapping her name on an album doesn't automatically make it good.
Also Maroon 5 can just leave now. I hated them now and after those annoying costumes, I hate them more.
I was stupid and took two doses of Methotrexate (it's a weekly medicine) and now I have mouth sores and a cold sore forming and my throats hurts and all right before my make a wish trip. Maybe the doctors will give me some of that Good Medicine that makes me feel nice because I heard they sometimes will drug you up before a big trip
Someone at my parents' elementary school gave out a ton of cardboard VR stuff. It was such a pain to set up, no one could get the buttons to work, but turning on a rollercoaster VR was a lot of fun
Kerli, favorite artist of all time, but not on a label anymore so she doesn't have a chance of getting popular
I really don't like it when artists don't write their own stuff so I've had mixed feelings about Gwen Stefani, but after hearing she did write an album, her label just wanted a more upbeat album, I really like her now. I guess I just like knowing the artist writes some music
Speed Limit on Kerli's Utopia album would've made it tons better. Supergirl would have too.
They started off on the Sing-Off, and won I think. It's an acapella musical group competition thing
I loved them during the Sing-Off and for a few years after that but now it just kinda seems like they lost chemistry. To me, they come off as "Scott & Mitch feat. The rest of pentatonix" instead of "pentatonix". Like how everyone knows Adam Levine but no one knows the other members. 
I'm having trouble choosing a good house format thing. I like the modern house the best but you can barely see the roof. And it looks kinda weird. The castle looks weird to me too, but it shows off a lot of the exterior and looks huge. I hate the zen house, it looks like the normal house to me but with two bird things on the top of it
I don't understand Portuguese though, I don't see how that would benefit me
I can't stop thinking of the video where the guy asked a bunch of college students how they felt about requiring ID to vote and they said "people of color are less likely to have an ID and probably don't know where the DMV is" and then he asked people of color if they had ID and they went "yeah.....of course I do.. who doesn't. Everyone I know has one"
Safari has Adguard too. It's great, I love it.
I'm thinking it's not as good as the normal people think it is. Like how Michele was forced to tell the dead girl's parents that they should send their younger daughter for the process, I think the people telling everyone how great the Offshore is are just doing that to gain something.

One theory that probably isn't right is that it's aliens that want the best humans for testing or something. And the 3% people who tell the normal people that the Offshore is great are getting less torture in exchange for that. But this theory wouldn't make sense because there's councilpeople. But the huge building at the end of chapter 8 seemed weird to me. However, the main guy in charge of the process sending Michele to Offshore definitely makes sense with this, if he secretly wants the Offshore to be taken down. (Sorry if I missed stuff that would make all this false, I'm very forgetful)
The English subtitles don't match the English audio. It's bothering me so much. Like one guy could say "Appreciate it" and the subtitles would say "Thanks". 
I love Can't Remember to Forget You a lot more than Beautiful Liar. Except I hate how Shakira's album wasn't a bunch of songs like CRTFY. That song is so amazing but then the rest of the album is like acoustic (except for a few songs)
I hate how our houses have the grey thing on it. Every different house format (like the castle, modern house, zen house) have large grey areas that don't change with the exterior colors and it makes it an eye sore
Side note, I can't stand the "making it illegal won't stop people from doing it" argument. I would consider myself pro-choice but that argument doesn't make sense to me
I'm so glad I'm not the only person who notices Halsey's jaw. It's so distracting. And why does she do it
Justin Bieber's the math teacher who spends 30 minutes on 1 problem only to end up like "wait.....this isn't right"
Ok that makes more sense, it definitely does sound Meghan trainor was involved with it
I first heard this song on Suburbia as a kid. I think it was the theme song before the show got its own theme song. I remember having an argument on Animal Crossing when someone told me Demi Lovato's Unbroken album sucked and the Ting Ting's Sounds from Nowheresville was the best album of the year. I was pissed but mainly because they talked like "um but Demi literally sucks? Like it's a fact lol the ting tings is real music"
Remember when Glee mixed this with Thriller? It was amazing. All of season 3's mash-ups were my favorite from the show
I hate fishing. I always play animal crossing while watching tv but fishing requires focus and a high volume :/ 
I like Cheatsheet. I can put my student ID & password in it so when I have to log in on the school computers, I can just go to the widget instead of opening up the notes app.
This is confusing me. Why "old ice" instead of just "ice"?
Is this the guy to blame for the terrible font choices in Wired magazine? Like they'll have grey font on a white background and all the letters are right on the edge of the page. It's hard to explain, but it seemed like they made it to where you're not supposed to even read it. 
It's probably because everyone has to search what the word means whenever someone uses it on the internet
Something I think about a lot is when Taylor Swift said she was thinking about leaving Tumblr because of how much hate there is and then that's when Tumblr started aggressively hating her. I don't know why I think about it so much but I do
I liked it for 2 listens and then it somehow went right to Happy status
Kerli needs another chance. Her new music isn't anything like Love Is Dead (which a lot of people hated) and I think her music would do great on the charts if everyone didn't associate her with Love is Dead
My iPod only lasts for a few hours because I use it like an actual phone
Why paint it at all though?
I love the songs but the music videos are so weird. The whole baby thing is so weird. But the music is so good I ignore it. Plus, when the music first came out, the first few music videos were normal music videos so I didn't associate the music with baby stuff.
Yeah I hate that line so much. Especially the muffin top part. How does wanting a grown-up man mean he has to not be a little chubby?
I don't think it would work unless Cher Lloyd just stopped caring about her music. Like I could not see Cher Lloyd being in a band whose sang lyrics like "Call your mamma mommy? You gotta not".
Do Little Mix write their own stuff by the way?
Journalism was one of the most stressful things I've ever experienced. You know that feeling you get when you have a huge project due Monday? That's how every week felt when I worked at my college's online newspaper.
So excited to see a hashtag & internet campaign about how Baby It's Cold Outside promotes rape or whatever they said last year. 'Tis the season y'all 
Why does the guy in the middle look like that guy from key of awesome but young 
Why doesn't the article mention that though?
Nope, not yet. It's probably from getting all the target scores
I do. I used to never wear longer pants because I only wear shorts in real life, but now I have to use long pants to look good. Guys don't have any stylish short options in animal crossing for some reason.
The title of the article makes it seem like it's here. It's not, it's coming in 2017.
I love the path, but it twisted and turned a lot. Like below the plaza, the path goes down, right, down, left, down, right, down, right. It was kinda weird walking on it. I don't know how to explain how to make it straighter though but it wasn't ugly, just a little thing
I loved the patterns! And I loved all the flowers. The path was kinda small but if you like it, then it doesn't really matter. I just personally prefer larger paths. But the path pattern you had was really pretty!!
I really like the path it's really pretty. There's not much to say, since it's really good. I also loved all the purple flowers, and the "please don't run in the flowers" sign!
Can you PM me when it's back up? I'm really interested in this
Needing the dab, seeing "it's a dab!" And go all the way to the villager's house only to find out that it was an olive flounder. Didn't take long to find a dab but it was still annoying
Just completed 
For half of it, I use KK Slider, Ronald (penguin), and Limberg (mouse). But then I changed to KK Slider, Cookie (dog), and Limberg. I only needed Roald for levels with a lot of water
Nope! It can hang on the wall and it lets you show it off but that's it
I see some people make those kinda jokes online but in person, most people understand that iPhones are expensive and don't joke about that kinda stuff 
I really hope the camera was just weird and their costumes won't look like that. Something looks off with all their clothes. I don't know anything about clothes but it looked like cheap Halloween costumes to me :/
I hate that feeling. It's one of the worst feelings to me
I love looking at memes on Instagram but I feel bad that a lot of it is uncredited reposts
This reads like a bad high school play script
I'll check it out, thanks!