Huh, interesting. I was going off of what my streamer friend has said, since he's mentioned it a fair bit when small bit donations come in. 
Twitch gets a cut of bits since they're bought off them. When you give them to a streamer, the streamer gets about 3/4 and twitch takes the other share. That's why cheering tiny amounts like 100 bits is really not that much. Those 100 bits are a dollar. Something like 70-80 cents goes to the streamer, twitch takes the rest. 
Hey, I'm nowhere near Missouri, just wanted to wish you well and welcome you to Northeast Ohio! I moved here last summer, so hello from a fellow (fairly recent) new Ohioan. Wish I could offer you more assistance.
It was (the address on the registration for the car), and we did. 
I couldn't tell you how long we stay on American toll roads, since I'm the passenger on that drive (probably make it on my own as the driver for the first time soon), but we've never paid more than like $2 a booth at most. I thought I misheard them the first time I went through one, cause I was so used to toll roads being... well, the 407. 
I'm a Toronto native in the States right now. Took it up to Brampton when I came home and because of the American plates, we got a bill in the mail for roughly $30. Meanwhile the US toll roads we took were a couple bucks. 

We take alternate routes now, even if it puts us out of the way a bit.  Unreal prices. 
Not just the front, the whole god damn car is sitting on it a good twenty feet down. Unreal. 
I cannot wait until this gets meme'd. 
Agreed. The book breathed new life into the case in the public eye, but I mean, the publicity isn't even what got him— from what I'm hearing, it was a fluke. His relative happened to submit DNA to one of those testing sites, it struck a match, it was looked into, and boom. 
Everyone I thought would bite it lived, while everyone i expected to be safe got got. Kudos to Marvel, I was genuinely surprised. (Except Loki. I went into it more or less expecting him to die)  
You need to watch GOTG2.
Honestly. Leave a note or something, but keying someone's car is terrible. I was out with a friend one night when it had snowed and the parking lot was a mess. There was a drift partway into a spot so we double parked partly into the next spot over because that was all the room there was. Someone didn't like that, apparently— we came back to the car with coffee dumped all over it and key marks down the side. I felt fucking awful for my friend. 
There's one perk to not having a brand-new car in high school and college: they're a cesspool of terrible parkers (maybe drivers too, but I never see many of them actually in motion). When their terrible parking leaves a ding on your car, you'll be less upset than someone with a scratchless 2017 car. 

I speak from experience. Our 06 Camry was backed right the fuck into by one idiot in the lot. 
Eh, I think it's fair. Kid stuff is bulky today. Strollers are big, car seats are big. You can definitely get by with a sedan with one youngin, but with two car seats your back seat is going to be cramped and you are not going to have room for anybody else in there if someone else needs a ride, and strollers for two are going to occupy your whole trunk so hopefully you don't need to bring anything else. I would bet those who are "needing" SUVs are planning ahead for more kids and more room. 
It sounds like possibly the Australian lovechild is the reason they got him. The child was looking for their father, so they did a DNA test— and somewhere along the line, that DNA pinged and caused them to check his. 
I too hit a wet spot too fast on a turn, I ended up steering one way while my car went another. It's a weird feeling realizing the car isn't going where you planned for it to. I don't fuck with wet roads anymore, or turns. I don't get nervous like I used to (if anyone took a turn faster than I felt was suitable I got panicky for a while), but I sure don't underestimate wet roads anymore.

You take away something from the accident and use it to drive better.
My in-laws have an SX-4. I drive it periodically when mine's down and out. It feels like driving a go kart to me. Zippy, but not much to it. The steering column shakes above 60mph, violently when you hit 70. Teeny gas tank (half decent mileage though, I suppose). 
He's got an '06 Camry, I've got a '98 Regal LS. Mine has more horsepower and is faster, bigger engine (4 cylinder to my 6). His is better on gas and is more reliable (but, 12 year old car to 20 year old-- to be expected I guess). Mine is roomier, suspension is bouncier, which suits both of us fine-- he likes feeling the road more than I do. His is much more responsive than mine, though. Much heavier foot needed to stop mine than his. His turns nicer than mine. We usually take his places when we're out and about together unless mine hasn't moved in a while. 

Overall I like driving my grandpamobile more, but trust his much more for reliability. On long drives I'd rather have his car than mine despite having a bit less room.
U da real MVP.

3 hours to go!
Of college-age white boys with their hair slicked back under their backwards ball caps with beers raised to the camera. 

Because I've seen this exact post. 
Thanks, replying here so I can find this this afternoon. 
I've got a car with no AC, but mine is from '98, so it's no surprise she's got .... quirks. I just try to keep windows cracked on especially hot days, lol. If I know it's going to get hot and I'll have to go somewhere later, I'll go crack my windows open well before I have to leave so it's not a total oven. I'm usually parked in secure parking lots so I don't worry too much leaving my windows down an inch. 
It struck me as they were trying to find a happy medium, car-oriented enough to draw in car people but also followable for non-car people. Obviously the happy medium made it cringey, but from a business standpoint, it makes sense— you want the widest audience you can get for the most views. 
I've noticed this with my young nephew, too. Most of the time when he hurts himself, he has a moment of "whoa!", and if none of the adults go "oh no you're okay!" and fuss over it, he doesn't cry. This just goes for little things, like if he trips and bumps his knee, or drops a toy on his foot, of course. 
It's on Hulu. 
Yes.
They get upset about Skyler's nagging about the use of the wrong credit card,  but forget that she nags about it because she's trying to save money to pay for the very expensive cancer treatments. 
You're good, I did the same and had to check again once I realized everything was basically flipped. :)  I too thought the driver was hidden and I was seeing the passenger. 
You're probably looking at the wrong side. The car is right hand drive so what you might be thinking is the passenger is the driver. Watch him. 
My car was at the shop last weekend and I *still* haven't quite gotten back to that perfect setting between my seat and all my mirrors. 
Glen in TWD was a pizza delivery boy before it all went down, so probably not the same Glen. Probably just a nod by having characters with the same name with the same car. Also, TWD is in Atlanta, so a fair drive for him to make. 
Thank you!
I realize this isn't a solution to the problem, more of a bandaid, but if you're no good at reversing into spots, I don't really see why you'd do it so often. It must be easier to pull in forward and reverse out later and practice in an emptier place later. 
I don't know what Europe is like, but near me, there's an old church where people have left cones with posts in the parking lot for anyone to come practice their parking in. It's a popular spot for student drivers. The cones are left in the same formation the driving test uses for maneuverability (they have you drive forward through cones, pull out ahead , then reverse back in the way you came without hitting cones). Might be worth seeing if anywhere near you has this?
There's a difference between being scared and not deliberately putting yourself in questionable situations. 
I dunno, his driving sounds hugely erratic— first he can't keep up to the speed limit, then he rides bumpers and flashes brights. If it was JUST riding asses I might agree but the 180 in his driving is bizarre. 
Similarly, if being cute is still something you want, there are tons of slips you can get. Basically longer shirts that aren't thick enough to be a sweater but will cover you up while you're outside the water. [Like this](https://lvl-clothing.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/79796878735d744b.jpg)
They started out decent I feel like, and progressively got more off time. 
I used to be super self conscious. And then I realized that no one is paying any more attention to me than I pay to them... which isn't much. Even if I glance at anyone at the gym, I couldn't honestly pick their face out of a crowd later— I'm too focused on my own run. And honestly, I love seeing beginners— everyone starts somewhere. I'm not judging, I'm going "go you!".
Furthermore, it's hardly earth-shattering if the sex isn't great and you know it. You can work on it! If you're using old partners as comparison to say "current person sucks at this, why can't they do it like that person", that's a You issue, not a premarital sex issue. 
Oh, plenty. He talks a lot about how he used to own multiple bars, alludes to sleeping around plenty, cheating on his first wife, was a huge frat bro type. Born-again Christian sort of guy. 
The part I took issue with was his implication that her virginity is owned by her future husband, not her. 
The man has some weird views, I know. He is also divorced and remarried. He went on a rant one day as well about how one should not sleep with anyone pre-marriage because it allows you to compare your partner to others. "If you've never slept with anyone else, you can't know what's good or not." 
He justifies his views under the divine command theory. 
In my opinion, my virginity is mine, not a man's. if he's taking something from anyone in this instance, it's from me.
Got a very conservative Ethics professor. He spent one class talking about the ethicality of premarital sex, and at one point condemned all men who sleep with a woman before marriage for "taking something that's not yours, **from her future husband**". Not even from her, her future husband. 
Police are looking as far back as 1975. 
I need to see them go back and beat it. 
I don't think it's necessarily better but definitely more unique, in my opinion. The latter feels reminiscent of Lexus, to me. 
My family always kept a truck around too (granted, Canada, not US). First a big F-150, then sized down to a smaller pickup (Chevy S10). Keys were available for anyone in the family to use it any time, if anyone needed to move anything since everyone drove sedans as daily drivers. It got plenty of use when anyone moved or just had to move furniture, when we bought hay for our horses, sometimes just for yard work, we even loaned it out to friends a few times. It was just more feasible to keep a truck around than to borrow or rent every time we needed one. 
I'll be shocked if the 2019 Odyssey doesn't have an emergency trunk release. 
I thought I read somewhere that Odysseys don't have inside latches so he couldn't have released it from inside. 
How are they supposed to know which order was his though?
There's no inside release for the trunk? That seems like a hell of a safety design flaw. 
Everything I've read makes it out like it was the back row of seats that jammed him in, between the rear trunk hatch and the seatback. 
It sounds like he was wedged in between the third row seat backs and the hatch door. I've no doubt the trunk hatch would have opened, but I totally get why he would lean over rather than get out and go around to open the trunk. Who expects the seat will give and wedge you?
Don't a lot of schools in the US have an officer who spends time at the school? If they had one, he would surely have a radio for quick contact, why not get him on the line and ask about any other school lots?
Because we're taught that when we need help, we call 911. He called the people he'd always been told were the ones to call and would save him. He called back because he still hoped they'd be able to help him the second time. 
I'm from Toronto so I'm talking GTA highways, everyone is doing 15+ over. Might be the same legally there, I honestly don't know since I never drove much  when I lived in Ontario! It's nuts how many people fly by us even doing 5km over the limit (we try not to speed there since we stand out with a car with American plates).
I go by the rule of thumb "eight you skate, nine you're mine". If I'm under eight over, I'm not too worried about a ticket (you can pretty easily argue out of a ticket for five over), ten or more, I might. 
The highways I drive daily are all in the 60-65 mph speed limit range, generally people are doing the speed limit to maybe 10 over. I hover at about 5-7 over since that's kind of the sweet spot where you probably won't be ticketed. Doing 100 is just asking to get nailed by a cop. 

I find when I visit home (Canada) they tend to fly over the speed limit more. Even doing 5 km over the limit we get left in the dust. 
I think he could stress to corporate that in future, when he might be in the market, that the sales manager's piss poor attitude really soured him on that dealership and by extension, the brand. He didn't lose a sale now, but he might've in future. Who's the say OP wasn't loosely toying with the idea of having a look at other options to his current car and buying 6 months from now?
I've done two license tests, one in Canada and one in the US. In Canada,  a friend's early 2000s CR-V. In the US, my SO's 06 Camry. 
I agree, I'd rather do it in my own car that I'm familiar with and can practice with than something I'm getting used to AND being tested in. 
I agree to an extent, but I think OP is less of the bad guy here. If he'd let the guy try and sell to him for five or ten minutes while someone else who might've bought that day waited to be helped, sure, but OP was totally upfront that any sales pitches weren't going to matter.
My sister-in-law's entire family all get their cars from the same dealer because her dad is a buddy of the owner and has had good experiences there. One good experience resulted in literally half a dozen leases for that dealer over the last few years. 
OP isn't taking issue with the fact that he was denied a test drive, he himself said it was fair. The issue is the salesman's condescending dig as he was leaving. Why insult someone for not buying today? Who's to say he wouldn't have been looking to buy later and thought "hey, maybe I'll go have another look at what that Kia dealer's got"? Driving away a future customer. 
He was upfront with the guy that he wasn't looking to buy today. I think that was a very considerate thing of him to do, rather than to string the guy along and waste his time letting the guy talk at him. 
I've always loved that she'll happily forgo a "sexy" red carpet outfit for something controversial and different and statement-making. It's always come off to me at least like she's comfortable enough in herself to not feel the need to always just be glam and sexy. 
I hate songs with police sirens cause I hear them when I'm driving and panic that I'm being pulled over. 
I'm over All Of The Stars. I liked it until EVERYONE and their dog were playing it all day. 
The song of every school dance ever growing up for me. I can't hear it and not think of being 11 years old in a dark school gym with an iPod hooked up to the speakers. 
I thought the other fires not lighting was supposed to, at least partly, imply how bleak things got for the family. No one else is out there watching for them. They looked around as if looking for someone to light it back. 
I went to a small local theatre instead of the big name cinema chain. Not as cushy, but the place wasn't super full and not a single person wanted to be the one making noise so it was nice and quiet.

Plus, the squeaky chairs in the theatre when anyone adjusted made for some accidental spooks. 
I hadn't even seen that, but everything pertaining to the movie described a "family of four" so I knew from the get go that he'd bite it. Kind of wish I hadn't read that description or seen promo for it. 
I don't think anyone but his sister knew he knocked the toy off the shelf, because she caught it before it made noise. I'd assume the parents let him run around because they were trying to let their kid have a small bit of fun. 
I just got back from it and it was so silent during the silent parts, I think everyone was afraid to make sound and be That Guy™. 
When the weather is shit, there really is no sense in keeping it squeaky clean— it's going to get covered in gunk within a few days anyway. Especially when it's snowing once a week, where I am. 
Current car. I love it, grandpa car and all...  when I have it. I think I share custody with the mechanics. 

Bought it with no AC, no big deal, I'm forever cold so I don't need it. Within a month, the fuse to the dash lights went out. Checked every fuse, not a one worked. Consulted the previous owner, who said he'd had the dash lights fixed at one point. Tried to make do, avoiding night driving and winging it with my speed when I had to. One day I get off the highway and I'm at a light and this guy who'd been behind me and gotten off too pulls up next to me and informs me my tail lights are out. Finally find the fuse for those the next day, lo and behold, my dash has lights too! It was some weirdly named fuse that no one would ever think could be your dash. 

One day I start smelling gas when I'm getting out of the car, but brushed it off figuring it wasn't mine since I only smelled it at home, not when I got out in public. Oh no. It was mine. Entire fuel line was rusted, and needed replaced. Repair cost more than I paid for this thing.

Gear gave out in the wiper mechanism, causing my wipers to rest in the upright position. Mechanic fixed it, the next day, they did it again. Back to the shop it went! Fixed it again, they did it once more. This time I managed to reset them myself, hasn't done it since.

Two weeks ago I took it in for an oil change. Last week I took it in for an e-check to renew my tags. Neither are actually problems, except....

 The trailing arm snapped clean in half on me last week. So it's back in the shop.

Setting up appointments, at this point, is always them asking "so which car is this? It's not the Regal, is it?" To which I always reply "it's always the Regal."
Update, in case you were curious. Took it to the shop, turns it, the trailing arm on one side snapped in half. The other side is about to go too so both need replaced. 🤑🤑
Update, in case you were curious. Took it to the shop, turns it, the trailing arm on one side snapped in half. The other side is about to go too so both need replaced. 🤑🤑
Okay, so I've got time on my hands and when I get curious about things I have to know the answer, so I did some googling— it sounds like there is a visa for exactly what you're looking for, the J1 visa. http://j1visa.state.gov/programs/intern/ for students of non-American schools to come in short term and work temporarily in the American workforce. 
I can't think of a particular one, but in the reverse, my car HATES Delicate. The thudding bass, even on low volume and minimal bass in my 90s-rific sound system, sounds AWFUL. 
Definitely consult a visa expert, but I'm a Canadian student in the States so this is my two cents— to work in the US, even unpaid, you need a social security number, which international students don't even get automatically. To get one, I had to get special permission, via my school (the only people authorized to employ me in my first year) writing a letter to the social security office and homeland security saying they'd like to employ me and to please give me the ability to work. For me to do an internship, I have to be at least in my second year. I don't know how it would work for a Canadian student coming into the US specifically for it, but the visa process is complicated af. Especially as a Canadian, because it differs for us versus other countries. 
Nah I appreciate covering all bases. Most of your suggestions are ones I wouldn't even think of to consider!
It's not really a "vibrating" so much as a noticeable lurch. I have no idea about most of those, but I can't see tire pressure being low. It was at the shop last week for an e-check and so driven by the guys there and looked at, so they would've caught it then I imagine (but hey, anything is possible?).
Would that likely be triggered by wet roads or nah? It was dry and sunny yesterday when it started, but rainy today. 
I don't think I've noticed the lights for those coming on on my dash, wouldn't they if they were engaging?
I only just realized yesterday that grandparents all over probably thought it was an April fools prank when they got that "she's in labour!" call too. 
Hey, I'm 23 today too! Twinning!
Haha sis, really, but thank you!!!
Hey, it's my birthday too— happy birthday, birthday buddy!
Skyler was always a victim in some sense. She tried to leave Walt early into the show, but he wouldn't leave, going so far as to break into the house. The problem is "victim" implies you have sympathy for her, but she wasn't really being written to feel sorry for her, since she was an antagonist to Walt. It was kind of one or the other, you feel for her as a victim or you dislike her because you root for Walt. If the show were written to follow Skyler, you would probably feel differently— her husband is dying, lying to her about what's going on with him, gets fired while they're already being sunk with medical bills, she's pregnant, he becomes a dick, she tries to get rid of him, but this dude just won't go away. 

As for how hypocritical she is... yeah, she somewhat is, but it's literally the same thing that happened to Walt seasons earlier. When faced with the sheer number of dollar bills, she can't turn it away (who could, let's be honest). The show is following every character as they "break bad". Hank becomes a ruthless, kinda dirty cop; Marie has sticky fingers; Walt goes from straight edge teacher to criminal; ethical, law-abiding Skyler strays from her marriage then becomes swayed by the illegal money as well. 
I think OP should definitely make it clear to his sons that all of this is mom's attitude, not his, and he's not on board with her bs. It might at least retain a relationship between OP and his son's, if it goes to hell with his wife. 
Something to the effect of "honey, they don't hate you— but your actions ARE starting to drive a wedge between you, and if you keep this up, they it could just get there" might be the blunt truth she needs. 
Just one, my best friend in middle school, who I kind of fell out with for the first few years of high school and reconnected with. We don't talk everyday, but we'll send little things about movies or books to one another, if we see a cool movie the other might like, or read a book we have to recommend. Everyone else that I was friends with quit responding to messages after I moved across the country.
Do I have to pick specifically one? Cause I'm a Little Mix stan, I introduce everyone to them in hopes that they'll develop an American following lol.
It's a free car, take it, end of. 
See his other comment about "when the dress and wig goes on" too. What a solid guy this one is. 
That's the entire point though, she was made to be a strong woman so she could be an antagonist to Walt, and to make her eventual swaying to the "bad" side that much more surprising (when she starts out much more ethical than Walt, then on seeing the money he's amassed, begins to "break bad" like Walt did). You can't deny that she was a great accomplice to Walt later, too. She covered their tracks, possibly even better than Walt did, with the money laundering scheme. She was more careful with their spending and keeping it unsuspicious, while he went out and bought expensive cars she tried to cover those tracks too. 
I went in a couple times with the sponge. Admittedly this was my first hand, so I think it came out rougher. Hopefully next time will be more successful, lol! I imagine it's a really "practice makes perfect" deal? (I actually don't hate that the blue turned purple, it almost reminds me of a sunset)
I started with a coat of the pink as a base then went in with the sponge, and found that the blue on the sponge was sort of lifting the pink base coat. Would that happen with a white base? I went in with a top coat between base and sponge coats for the other hand and it definitely helped prevent it lifting. 
Funny enough, I did LOL. the purple was originally a baby blue pastel. I guess when the colours mixed on the sponge it became purple. Next time I guess I need to find a way to keep the blue, blue. 
So I'm a noob at nail art, lol, I like my nails done but I've been lazy since a. I'm hard on my manicures and they chip super fast unless it's professionally done, and b. I moved and didn't bring my meager collection of nail tools with me (hence no brush to clean the edges up with, just q-tips). My sister-in-law loaned me this Sally Hansen no-light gel polish she says lasts much better, and I decided to give doing more than just a simple one colour a go. It came out alright, but far from what everyone in here does! 
Oh shit I've never seen that before 
Kpop group? Do you mean Reggaeton Lento with Cnco? They're Latino. 
I always followup my weakness with how I work on it to make it less of an issue. Instead of just saying "I'm shy", I'd say "I'm shy but...." blah blah blah.  "I'm shy but [insert way you're working to be more outgoing]"
My buddy is one of the youtubers who flew out there (Ctop). In his video, he actually touched on the management too. It seems like they heard the complaints about management tools in PC and really expanded on it for JWE. 
Oh fuck no. I don't think I could even drive if that happened to me. Nope. 
And then you have one and a half dead spiders. 
I imagine not, but if a cop can come and catch them in action, surely that justifies it. 
Do you just call 911? I've debated calling to report obvious texters (you know who they are, they drift and jerk constantly) but I worry that it's a waste of 911 and I obviously can't search for the cops' number while I'm driving. And I cross like three or four jurisdictions on my commute so I dunno if saving one police number is pointless or?
Maxis liked one of my builds, it's since gotten something unreal like 13k downloads. Every time I play I get pop ups saying someone downloaded it. It's crazy. 
Did she have a nose job? I've never seen a child of Vlad who didn't receive **that nose**.
If you haven't seen yet, season 3 is on Netflix now. 
Was Gus really a psychopath? I think he just had one hell of a poker face and was hardened by years in the business. In the scene where his business partner was shot by the cartel, he was stunned. That's not the reaction of someone who feels nothing. That was just his tipping point where he realized how much tougher he needed to be, and began to compartmentalize and distance himself from his work emotionally. 
I moved from Canada to a small American town. They test the alarm system every Saturday. The first time I heard it all I could think was "this sounds apocalyptic". It's still creepy to me. 
Lol. Nope. That's the pack. Isn't it great?
I think you have to get to it quickly enough. If it sits in the dryer for a day it can't be put away. 
I too have a grandpa-mobile. But hey, she's got low mileage and she's roomy as hell. 
Truthfully, watching her in interviews, her British accent isn't "great" either though. I know it's her actual accent, it just seems to me like she's been in the US so long that it's a weird mix between American and British. It might just be me but it feels jarring. 
I figure he probably means a work cell for clients or colleagues to reach them on, not personal cell. 
Fair point. I guess I just figure to some extent we've all done shitty things as shitty teenagers we aren't proud of. If you look back on it and go "oh god I was horrible, i won't be like that anymore" it's different from "LOL yeah I set someone's hair on fire! It was hazing, we all did it, whatever!". Hell I could forgive my bullies if they just acknowledged how lousy they were to me. 
I get not wanting to date a vegan, since it's a lifestyle choice. Saying you wouldn't even be friends with a vegan is just stupid. 
I think it's also dependent on how they feel about it. Mia didn't seem at all remorseful that she fucking lit someone's hair with a lighter and seemed pleased with herself for it. 
I've heard of some people who keep their license in their car. Problem then is if your car is stolen, so's your ID (and for some that's their only official photo ID so for anything they need identification for, they're in trouble until they get it replaced). Generally people here keep it in their wallets and since wallets are pretty important daily anyway, they always have them.  *but I say all this as I've got my license in my wallet, in my car, lol
Ohio apparently gives you like 24-48 hours to produce your license (I say apparently cause I'm going off what I've been told. I've never had to put that to use, i haven't been pulled over and always have my wallet on me anyway). In Canada, however, you'll have the shit ticketed out of you for not having it on your person. 
Technically would he have two identities then? Interesting. 
I just want nothing more than to see them live once, and not as an opener. Just once, Syco!
Ally and Dinah are both pretty, but very interchangeable to me. Coming from a casual listener, I couldn't tell you which one is which to hear them  or in pictures. 
TIL I've been absolutely butchering her name. 
Harry is the tallest. Liam is 5'10", Zayn is 5'9", Louis and Niall are 5'8".
Their music is definitely very UK-centric and not so much American-style. 
He's 6', she's 5'10". In heels she'd be his height or taller. 
I'm not too surprised you liked Divide, John Mayer has a guitar solo on there, as does Eric Clapton (since you're into rock)! Mayer is on How Would You Feel, and Clapton is in Dive (❤️)
What are the odds this wasn't the same perp though? That would mean there are two now. That's a scary thought. 
I'm an only child, with a whole two cousins (my dad was an only child as well, my mom had three siblings and only one had kids). One is 12 years older, and one is two months older.... but we lived on the other side of the country growing up. Never got that either. When we did move to be closer to them, my cousin hated me, too. Always bummed me out, I always really wanted to be close to her but I think she felt my attempt at joining the group was me trying to compete with her. We're grown now and still don't talk much. 
My SO has a bunch of siblings, I'm an only child and my parents worked a lot. Sooo often, he and his siblings will talk about board games they played as kids and when he asks me, my list of games I've played is actually super small, because I had no one to play with. You can't play Monopoly by yourself :( (I tried to make it work)
Have a class where on the first day, the first order of business was the prof showing us where to download the textbook for free in every format, link included on syllabus. Best professor ever. 
For the most part, I don't see Kpop taking off. It's really hard to get things properly stuck in your head when you can't even say the words because you don't speak the language. The mainstream tends to like songs they can understand (with exception). 
They did the Today Show in 2015 and I remember a performance on one of those daytime shows but I cannot think of the name, like, last year or the year before. 
Tbf the dudes name is literally Lil Dicky. It seems like his lil dick is his entire shtick (I don't know anything about the dude so this is probably just common knowledge idk). 
I could name Normani or Lauren, but I legitimately never remember which is which between the other two. 
To be fair to the pussycat dolls, all of them besides Nicole Schedjfkkjffvfjvgok were doomed from the start. They were basically just her backup dancers, no one knew any of them. 
I root for Little Mix so hard I've become known as "the Little Mix fan" in my circle lol. I really do hope to eventually see them become a household name over here like 5H (almost?) was. 
Maybe Syco will finally market Little Mix in the US now that they've got no competition. 
Available on the gallery under my EA ID, m1ssmeghan, if anyone wants to download it! (you'll have to add a piano yourself... I forgot about it until the wedding)
As a bonus, some on-campus jobs will come with scholarships and tuition credits! Definitely worth looking into. 
Tbh I'd be more inclined to buy Serena's line than Manny's. His will be all gimmicky, over-the-top shit, while I imagine her coming out with a lot of "wearable" stuff, and products meant to last while you're sweating, since that seems like her style!
My sister in law had one. No idea how it was to drive, but it was roomy for sure. My 6'3" brother in law and 6'2" SO both had plenty of head room and a fair bit of leg room in it. Always seemed to have plenty of visibility too. I still think they're a bit ugly, but it wasn't the worst of the boxy cars either. 
I hateeeee slow mergers. At a certain point it becomes borderline dangerous when there are cars coming up fast and you can't get up to speed because someone is poking along ahead of you. I found myself caught in between a slow Civic last week and a semi truck when I got on the (one lane due to construction) Interstate, got up to speed and merged and then immediately had to slow because the Civic was doing 10 under while the semi caught up real fast. I found myself hoping like hell the trucker behind me was braking or I was going to end up rearended.
I've had that before on a highway near me. My car is juuuust low enough (not lowered, barrier is just tall) that I can't see around the bend terribly well, and I have to be in that leftmost lane to get the correct exit. After a couple close calls where I couldn't see the sudden traffic stop, I refuse to approach that corner at regular speed, leadfoots behind me be damned. I WISH I'd had people ahead of me flash some warning. 
I've definitely had that before too. The split second where your car's come to a stop in time and you're watching your mirror. 
They post conversation-starter threads in a few different subs. I'm sure they see a lot of the shit slung their way. 
One of my power locks sticks (older car). Always when unlocking, never when locking, but I still get so paranoid about this happening that I've stopped locking it as I'm walking away and quickly lock it and give my door handle a check before I leave. 
I had a dude absentmindedly walk up and start meandering away with my cart while I was standing maybe a foot away from it. My back wasn't even totally turned, I watched the whole thing happen and kinda went ".... uhhhhhhh" to my SO because i was so surprised I was watching this happen.
I get the tomato face AND every fine baby hair I have fizzes right up so I have so many flyaways. It's a great look. 
We all do it. It's an automatic reaction meant to help us assess them as a person and assess the situation. The real problem is when you can't let go of that first assumption you made of them and see them for who they actually are. 
It's not a game to sit and play for hours like the main game, but for a mobile game it's fun. I like that my friends can pop by. They can't control their sim at my house, but it's cute. I'm currently becoming bffs with a friend of mine. 
All-dressed. Canadian in the states here and I rejoice every time I find them in a store here. 
I don't really think Walter would've let her leave even if she wanted to. He was very persistent even when she threw him out. Later, she stayed out of obligation to her son because splitting up would've crushed him, and because she was afraid of Walt. 
I think in the first season they really did write her to be the bad guy to Walter, the naggy wife. Later on they gave her more depth and it's easier to see her side of it. 
Her entire point in that one opinion piece she wrote about sexual harassment in show business was that she wasn't molested because she was conservative and not conventionally attractive. There's no other way to spin it. 
I'm no expert on audits, but wouldn't they look at the numbers and say "you brought in this much, but you leased these two brand new $40-50k+ cars and pay for this $1000 apartment plus another home. How are you affording it when your car wash brings in X monthly?"
This gets funnier the more I look at it. 
I think he really did like Walt, but had definitely written him off as a really boring guy living a really cookie cutter life. 
That scene was great, when Gus realizes he's been got and there's a moment of "holy shit he finally got him........ wait..... oh shit"
Her concern was that if they saw her lying in his books, they'd want to take a look at the books she's doing now— the car wash, where she's funnelling in more money than they're really making. Not a large enough amount to set off bells on its own, but if the IRS took a good hard look they'd realize that the car wash should only be bringing in X, but they deposited Y, and wonder where the discrepancy came from. 
Yep! And it's made jungle expeditions so much more pleasant, not worrying about running out of food! Maybe it takes a way a little bit of the challenge but I've been in the jungle for a week straight excavating and roaming so I don't wanna be constantly going back to the town for more grilled cheeses. 
I've sunk at least 10 hours into it so far and am not out of shit to do, it's great. I excavate every pile I find. Buy a tent and a cooler at least before you go into the jungle and you don't need to buy food before you leave. I set up my tent and cooler, eat, sleep, and move on. You can bathe by swimming. The temples will reset every trip so that's great, I'm on my third or fourth different one and there's no pattern to the trap so it's all a gamble every time. 

Also, assemble the relics to find curses and blessings! I've been testing them all out on people at my door, it's glorious. 
It's The Sims, known for shit like drowning neighbours in pools and burning the family house down, and this is what you're bothered by. 
You gotta remember though, Hank has known Walt for decades, as a really mild-mannered, rather boring dude. For a long ass time he's known Walt to be basically the polar opposite of the kinda guy he thought he was hunting (a career criminal drug lord). 
What on earth happened with the skeleton to make her cry?! They were lovely to me LOL
Everybody in town is hot and it's glorious.
Yup, I saw that. What a bummer. These guys have been my favourite since I was like, 10. 
India Jones? I must've made her cousin, Diana Jones, LOL. 
Whewwwww. It wasn't earlier. Got it now!

I was so excited for it, but it's not available on Amazon apparently, which is the only way I can afford it (gift card). What a bummer. 
Carly Rae Jepsen followed me years back. I still have no idea why or how she found me, cause I wasn't following her and have never tweeted about her. But oh well, I took it. 

Down With Webster (my Canadians will know the name, I hope lol) follows me. Hedley, one of my long time favourites, followed me this past summer. I think I tweeted at them and they liked my tweet or replied and I shamelessly asked for a follow LOL. Couple of their members follow me, too. Chris Crippin (the former drummer) and Tommy Mac. 

Sebell, Canadian singer, follows me too. Dude's really cool, and has some bops, I like him. 

Jesse Giddings, one of the hotter VJs from Much Music, too. 

Not musicians but James Kyson (Ando from Heroes) and Catelynn from Teen Mom follow me too lmao. I wasn't following James at the time but I fangirled a little at Ando following me cause I liked Heroes.
Truer words have never been spoken. 
It seems really divided. There are fans who vehemently hate the other, and fans who adore both. There doesn't seem to be a middle ground (on twitter, anyway) lol. 
In Canada, tickets start at $13.50 for a regular movie. 3D is $16.50, UltraAVX (fancy recliners) 3D is $25. Shit's expensive. 
If anyone is judging you for actively trying to better yourself, that says more about them than you. Every fit person starts somewhere, they were where you are at one point, end of. And yes, it's totally mental too— it's hard to get used to doing one thing for so long! I took a bit of time off and found it harder mentally than physically to get back to it because one activity for 30 minutes can feel soooo long, after the first mile my mind is like ".... it's been so long. This sucks. Let's do something else now."
[Unbeknownst to OP, the neighbour's model S was coming over for a romp in the garage while he was at work. The babies looked more like dad](https://shop.tesla.com/content/dam/tesla/LIFESTYLE/ACCESSORIES_COLLECTIBLES/COLLECTIBLES/RADIOFLYER_BLUE.jpg)
I gotta know, who was the bottom, the Civic or the CRX?
I have a love/hate relationship with HIDs. They look so sharp, I get why people like them, but god damn they're blinding, and they love to ride my tail at night. If only there was a universal sign for "you're blinding me".
Minimum: eyebrows filled in. I usually do concealer around my eyes to take away some of the purple. Sometimes I'll put on mascara, not everyday though because I hate removing makeup, and I'm wearing glasses most of the day anyway so you don't see it much anyway. I stopped wearing foundation and meticulously concealing spots because at a certain point I decided I really don't care if anyone sees blemishes, everyone gets them and if anyone's going to judge me for an acne scar or something, fuck em. 
I have specific "running talk" friends because no one else really cares that I ran .2 miles more than yesterday or that my pace is 30 seconds faster. No fault to them, I just stick to the people who moderately care 😂 
I have totally set off the panic button on the fob when neighbourhood kids got too close to the car. Sorry not sorry. They steered clear in future. 
My SO and I both had yesterday off and the weather was great out, so we went for an outdoor run (I haven't run outside in months... what can I say, I'm a baby when it comes to cold). Ran the longest I've run in a while, and at a faster pace than I do on the treadmill. Success! ... it was only 2.4 miles, but I took some time off due to classes and sickness and have been struggling to get back to running even 2 miles. I think having him keep pace with me and keep me slow helped. 
11-12 miles a day after a month of running? Take it easy, buddy, that's a lot to put your body through in a short time!
The treadmill keeps pace for you, so you don't have to-- which means you aren't in the habit of pacing yourself. You keep trying to speed up because it's automatic to want to go, but long term you need a slower steadier pace:) pacing yourself is a skill to work on.

Your calves are sore because they're muscles you're not using or using less of on the treadmill. Treadmills aren't inherently bad (I run on it usually myself because I'm a baby about cold and it's winter here!), but like someone else says in another post here, on a treadmill, you put your foot down and the machine moves it back for you, and rinse and repeat. Outside, you are the only force making you move, pushing yourself forward. 
Oh thank god I'm not the only one who sat trying to work that out for a sadly long time.  
Only thing they have going for them as a pair is their chemistry. 
I'm really hoping once 5H splits (cause it really is when, not if), their label will finally make a solid effort at getting them into the US market. They'll need a new girl group to plug and it won't be 5H vs LM anymore!
Hahaha yes, it was nice sometimes. When you just want to get what you're doing done. 
Same as the program outdoors. The 5 minute warmup walk on a 3.5-3.8. I ran on a 4.8-5.0, but I'm a fairly small woman. For someone taller a faster setting would probably be a little more doable. I just adjusted the speed as the prompts went off. 
I used to fly a lot and was 100% treated differently when I was in work clothes and makeup versus sweatpants and no makeup (sometimes I'd go straight from work to the airport, if not, I wasn't putting time in to get ready to sit for hours). 

When I was wearing makeup, hair done, nicer clothes, people were way nicer to me. People were receptive to small talk, people were quick to help me (ie putting bags above the seats when I was straining to reach), people asked me questions and assumed I knew what I was doing. With no makeup and leggings and a hoodie on, I might as well have been invisible. It was bizarre. 
The window to qualify is closed now as well, isn't it ?
This case gets weirder with every article I see.
I've been down and out mostly. Something was sore/stiff in my hip so I took a break from running to let it heal. On Thursday I ran and my hip was so sore I was mostly done after a mile. Yesterday I managed two with minimal stiffness! Progress!
I would say probably not. The program is designed around building stamina from square one to be able to run a 5k. You're already there, so the stamina-building interval exercises won't do much for you. 
Had a rooster that would chill in the rafters above the barn doorway and lay in wait for anyone coming through those doors. God I hated that bird. (He got what was coming to him when the neighbour's dogs got him, though...)
Yes! I think the biggest hurdle is just mentally— getting used to running for so long again. I found myself just being so checked out after 15 minutes of running, so I forced myself to keep at it for 25 even if I didn't run it all. Think I'll stick with that until I'm running 25 again. 
I wonder, if 5H disbands (when?), will LM's label try to slide them in there?
I had a couple lazy weeks but I got myself back to the gym yesterday and am aiming to go again tomorrow— getting back into the swing of things!
I'm interested to hear it (not snark, genuinely interested).
Marianas Trench, too. For as big as they are at home, I can't believe no one here in the States knows them really (I thought I was hearing things when, out of the blue, my SO's brother put Crazy For You on LOL). 
Everyone here in the States that I've introduced to Little Mix has added their songs to playlist, including straight white dudes. They've totally got mainstream appeal, they just don't get put out their enough. 

Edit: I can't believe I used the wrong there. It drives me nuts when people do that and I DID IT. 
I could definitely see some truth to it, but I dunno about to the extent it's being taken to. Jacob has always seemed very rowdy to me, anyway. 
I'm with you. Sleeping with groupies has always been a thing, and while it's totally taking advantage of your status, as long as both parties are consenting and not underage, I don't really think it's reputation-shattering. 
I hope I did this right, first time posting a thread here! 

I saw this last night and was saddened, I've been a big Hedley fan since I was in middle school, so to hear allegations like this come out .... eeeesh. The band's statement seems like a weak copout to me though, they say "there are lines we would never cross" but don't specify what those lines are, exactly. 

What are your thoughts? Do you think they're likely false allegations, or do you think they're probably true? Do you even know who Hedley is? (If you're not Canadian, I don't blame you 😛)
That sounds about right. Ah well, congrats to Barb and Trevor!
I could've sworn there was a sappy anniversary post fairly recently actually, but if there was, it's gone. Entirely possible it was Alfredo, too, lol. For some reason I mix up their tweets sometimes when I'm scrolling and not really paying attention. 
I've got a G that wore off just enough to look like a C. Never would've thought of it if I hadn't looked super closely when the number was invalid when I was insuring it. 
I moderate for a decently sized youtuber on all of his platforms too, and I definitely see people, especially younger fans, who come into his discord and think they know him well because they watch him all the time. They see him laughing in videos, maybe a vlog periodically, and come in with high expectations.... the reality doesn't live up to how they imagine him in their heads. He tends to shut down excessive fawning over him pretty fast, and a lot of them are shocked he's not the suuuuper friendly cheery dude they think they know based on those videos lol. 
Oh shit I always thought Leslie was cause it was similar to Lily from Hannah Montana. So LILY WAS NAMED AFTER LESLIE, NOT THE OTHER WAY AROUND? **mind blown**
It's no new thing but I think he means the new way where people can interact with their "idols" online. It gives a false sense of relationship with them. Easier to get attached to someone when you've actually been acknowledged by them. When it happens more than once, it's easy to get swept up in the idea that "we talked, we're friends?!" Especially if you're a lonely person desperate for that. 
My mother-in-law woke up once to a dude standing beside her bed going through her purse. She still gets nervous to this day about anything seeming out of place. 
The shame of calling your parents and telling them you're on the side of the road and need them cause your car's not going anywhere sucks. I, too, hit a curb. Mangled the entire frame of the car I'd only had a month or so, because I rushed to make a light (wasn't so much speeding as going the speed limit on a not-clear day. I take wet roads seriously now). The feeling of realizing someone could have been on that sidewalk humbled me. 
I would be expecting a rude picture opening this. Nice sentiment though. 
I love the look of a fresh, uncracked book, but there's something about a worn one. Like you said, it just tells me they've been loved:)
I love seeing books so well worn the spine shows it. I feel like it tells me a lot about the person and the book. I don't think they're awful to their books, I think they enjoyed the book enough to really read it. 
I got one game after watching so many people play it and loving the LPs. At the first jump scare, I nearly fell out of my chair, shut it off and haven't been back LOL. At some point, I will...
Lol! That's what I do too in almost any exhibit-filled place. My SO's parents happily stop and examine every plaque and read every bit of information on every exhibit, he and I both walk, look, and move on. I'll skim the background of some things, but I don't care to read every little detail— there's so much more to move on and see!
I'm feeling The Wolf, and Ta Meilleure Ennemie. Such a sexy vibe. 
My mind was a bit blown when my British friend said she won't rent a car while visiting us in the States because she's never driven automatic. I always thought "if you can drive standard, you can absolutely drive auto no problem". 

Guess it speaks to how much more popular it is there. 
I give no fucks about the movies, but damn if I'm not loving the soundtrack for Fifty Shades Freed. I don't remember the last album I genuinely liked EVERY song on. 
I was watching this and thinking the same... although I don't know how far my sedan would get in a dirty shoulder like that. 
I got the feeling by the third book her editor was like "ok we need to wrap the series up with a bang!" And she went "bangs... ok, got it!". 

In all srs, I rented the first one and I still dunno why I paid for it. I cringe-laughed the whole way through, they just have zero chemistry together. Never bothered to see the second one, probably won't see this one cause I don't have any friends who'd want to see it and I don't really want to pay for it anyway lol. The movies aren't great, but DAMN if they don't have great soundtracks. 
It's been a few years since I read the books, but I vaguely remember that being the gist of the book. More focused on shit happening to them and other people they know than the sexy times. 
Wasn't it also her friend who gave it to her? Not a random donor list person?
Half the shit I listened to as a kid, I listen to now and go ".... oh my god, how did my parents let me belt along to this?". Barbie Girl, Who Let the Dogs Out...
I love her but I always get this feeling that she's one of those girls who stirs drama where she can, and then plays the victim for the publicity and shit. Sometimes she seems nice, but other times I feel like she seems super two faced. 
This isn't me hating, I liked The Saturdays, but Mollie and Frankie were always the weakest singers. Great voices for a group, not so much solo. 
Nah, I can't see it on the app I'm on (official Reddit app). 
Oh I forgot about that, i meant to find it online and watch it. I always liked The Wanted, was sad to see them go. 
Yeah, it was in the last season or two I think. I don't watch the show so I'm not sure how big a role it was. 
Exactly. It's basically still karmin, just with him more in the background. 
Something tells me he was being sarcastic. Going out on a limb here. 
Nah, it's just a class at the Y because it's $10 for us as members!
Karmin's operating as Queen Herby now. It's supposed to be Amy's solo project but let's be honest, we know her husband is working on her stuff with her anyway. 
The rest of them went on to do their own solo stuff. Max George went to try acting and was on Glee, Tom Parker has been playing Danny in Grease in the UK (the show seems to get good reviews, too, I think). Siva went to LA to model. Jay.... I dunno what he's been doing, tbh. 
Lmao i remember having "Replay - Sean Kingston" on my iPod. 
I've driven two. Haaaated both. (But, I don't tend to like smaller cars so I guess I'm a bit biased?)
Hahahaha I knew it was cardio, I just thought I should give a quick rundown of what I'm currently doing! My MIL does it to build endurance even more without running, to give her knees a break. I'm thinking that sounds like a good idea. 
What are spin/cycling classes all about? My MIL is taking one, and invited my SO and I to join it. He's doing it, I said I'd think about it, because I honestly have no idea what I'd be signing up for! I just run, I haven't gotten into strength yet. 
English isn't an ethnicity, you're thinking of nationality. 
Maybe the label figured they'd be a gateway for MGK Into the U.K. market, and he'd do the same for them in the US. (Never mind that if that was what they were going for, it didn't work:( )
Next time anyone asks why I don't eat vegetables, this is going to be my reason why. 

(I'm kidding, vegetables are cool, but this isn't a selling point!)
Omg nooo, don't you go putting that imagery in my head! 
I've never really played with them, but I've always thought with better makeup and hair they'd be really cute!
I never realized my vision was worse in one eye until they tested it when I was getting my glasses script. Realized that if I'm looking with one eye at the tv across the room, I can make out the subtitles (albeit it's blurred) but with the other it's way harder. With both, it's somewhere in the middle. You don't often think about watching things with one eye at a time on a daily basis. 
I don't think they'll move into empty houses, but they'll roam around. 
Hmm maybe. I jut thought it seemed funny only one pack is on sale and no others. 
And they aren't on Amazon anymore it seems... I was stoked to use a gift card I had sitting around!
How random. 
I really liked Aftermath. Darkside is catchy too, it was featured on Teen Wolf! (Also if you feel like going back through his past songs, Lion is a bop)
Everyone LOVES it, I watched it, I hated it. I wanted to like it, because everyone did, but I just could not get into it!
The music and timing was the best part of the movie, really well done. 
The problem is a lot of (newer, anyway) shows rely on them. "Ha ha that was funny! There's laughter! You laugh too!"
Entertainment loves to pit women against each other in general. Look at Little Mix vs. Fifth Harmony, for a looong while, it was very much one against the other according to the media. Their fans still get nasty to each other once in a while, like one can't succeed unless the other flops. 
I dunno if anyone has any interest but Canadian singer Sebell's got a [new album](https://open.spotify.com/album/6OJBqtJQRkytGwI10bcVB6?si=tdJ0uLmrTR2TSLwAoKVh0Q) out today. I've never seen him get love in here, but he's got some good ones. 
My SO and I both really like the name Marielle for a girl. I like the idea of naming a girl after my late mom as well (middle name), for a boy, after my grandfather. 
I'm Canadian, so really there was nothing new after 19 except that at 21 I was officially legal to drink everywhere. 
Birthdays get boring after 21, there aren't really any milestones to hit! Nothing wrong with a chill night!
I feel you. Not even rest day for me, but I injured something in my leg and as much as I want to run, I can't make it worse. So, slack day it is. A long walk sounds great. 
Lmao I've been watching a lot of Criminal Minds lately, so my daydream of choice right now is pretending I'm training to work with them. What I wouldn't give to run with Derek Morgan, oomph....
Stray ice and stones flying up from the road will do more damage than a cat's mostly retracted claws. They're house cats, not lions, lol. 
We're spoiled by shows like CSI or Criminal Minds, too. In those shows, they can afford to announce this shit because it's a. Fiction and b. They catch their killers in a couple days. 
And they're already under fire for the Tess Richie case right now. They were already in a hole, this just dug it even deeper. 
Hold on you're telling me it's not the sam time everywhere in the world? What!? ^/s
I haven't followed this super closely, but he was found to have dated one of the missing men for sure. 
And when you consider that he's in his 60s, and most killers get started at an earlier age... it's likely he's been at this a long time and the pool will only get bigger. 
Toronto Police doesn't deserve half an inch, between this and the Tess Richie case. 
Yep! I need to get used to it though. I had allll day last semester to go, now I've got class earlier and I know I won't want to go after so early morning runs it is!
Im awake before 8 am to eat some toast, chug a bit of water, and go to the gym. Crazy (for me). 
Pretty much everyone on the island is immune and no one is infected, and they're in the middle of nowhere. It's not reaching them. I think their idea is it'll die out at some point, they're staying out of it and starting their own city until then. 
I think the telepathy would've made their connection more important, I feel like their connection was way less interesting on screen. The telepathy would've been ridiculous looking, but without it I gave zero fucks about Thomas ana Teresa as a pair. 
I spent the whole movie wondering whether they'd wuss out on killing Newt and save him at the very last second, and right up until the moment, I was not sure. I think they did well keeping some suspense even for book readers. 
I think checking it enough to see patterns is a good idea, but it can lead to a dangerous relationship with it. Watching it is one thing, but when you're so attached that you're upset over it being up a few pounds, it might be putting too much stock in that number. 
Thank you! It felt a bit silly going back to such a short run compared to the 3 miles I was at before, sucks knowing I could do it before and now I'm set back, but it is what it is. Just need to get a schedule going again!
Yes, the problem here is how she met the guy, not that he assaulted her. /s
Running and walking move your body in very different ways, using muscles totally differently. That's why some people can walk very fast for miles no problem but struggle to run at an even slower pace for a short distance. 
This is such a minor accomplishment compared to everyone else in here lol but with a few weeks of being sick, then being away visiting family over the holidays, then a couple weeks of starting classes again and having to get back into a new schedule and find time to run in there, I got lazy. Hadn't run much. Got back to it last weekend and I strugggggled, not sure if it was that the few weeks of laziness set me back or if it was more mental, but two miles wasn't even happening. Yesterday, went back to the gym and ran over 2 on the treadmill! Looking forward to getting back up to 3 at the very least, before I set my sights on more:)
My SO's cousin's husband founded an insurance company. While at a family event we got talking about it. I very specifically never looked up the company or anything even remotely pertaining to his company. I'm not friends with him on social media. A few weeks later I started getting ads for his company on my Facebook. Creepy. 
1. Stick with it. If your gym freaks you out, work past that fear or find a new gym, or even just somewhere else outside to run. 

2. Diet is a bigger factor in weight loss than exercise. If you're only running and not making changes to your diet, you're not going to see a big difference quickly. 

3. Two weeks is no time. Stop watching your scale religiously, stick with it, and check back in a month. You'll probably see a bigger difference then. 

4. Weight fluctuates, and 2 lbs is a TINY difference! Don't let that discourage you! My weight can even fluctuate by a few pounds depending on the day and even time of day. Watching your weight is fine but stressing over such a tiny difference is only going to cause you grief. 
Shoutout to my Ex - Little Mix. An "I'm better without you" jam. 
Laid out my gym clothes last night, got up early, went straight out of bed to the gym..... and had a shit run. Running on a totally empty stomach did me no favours :( I don't know how much of it was the fact that I took a week off and how much was the running on empty.
Obligatory plug for Unresolved for true crime. The host is a buddy of mine, and the podcast is great!
The Call has got to be my favourite BSB song of all time, and that's saying a lot, since I was a white girl born in 1995. 
I would say just go from the day you're on, but if you find it tougher and don't quite manage it, don't stress too much. Just pay extra attention to keeping your pace slow and regular and don't be too tempted to rush it. 
You are not throwing away your shot!
Decided last night to stop making excuses and went to the gym for a run after class. God I hate evening runs. So much easier doing it before the day versus after you've been on the go all day.

And then I got an older dude on the treadmill next to me who was having trouble working the treadmill and I tried to help, but I just could not walk him through it (it was a different, newer model from the one I was on) while running. I said "I'm sorry, I haven't really used those ones" and he was like "wat". "Well they're different" "how do you know?" "Well they look different. They're the same machine but they're different models.". Eventually said something about "I'm not really sure about how to do X or Y on that one, but I'm sure the staff can help". He gave up and went to another treadmill at the end of the row. 

I really don't mind chatting but like, not in the middle of a run I'm struggling to get through.
Jokes on him I wasn't actually texting my boyfriend, but I was texting a male friend so even if he looked at my screen it was a dudes name I guess. 
 Not open as in unlocked, open as in not covered or behind anything. If I'm walking down a sidewalk and there's a set of stairs leading to a below-ground door, 99% of the time, I can see that door and the landing just by glancing, they're not exactly hard to get a look at. Which is where it sounds to me like her body was found. It doesn't sound to me like her body was in any sort of building or hidden behind anything. (If I'm wrong, anybody, please correct me,!)
Nah, they just needed two words that rhymed for catchiness' sake. 
"Yeah"— the song of every school dance, ever. 
Ugh. All the fun shit happens there after I leave. It would've been my teenage self's dream to have a beer with Akon lmao. 
Why can't cops walk down an alley and look down an open stairwell? 
I might be wrong, but I thought i heard she was in a stairwell. I can't see why they'd need a warrant to walk down an alley and look down the steps. 
My friend's got a pair and likes them. I've got PowerBeats and prefer them with the wire around the neck, there's the ear clip to hold them AND the cord. 
For what it's worth, I've got both a Canadian and American license. The American license was much easier to get. The road test is MUCH shorter, they had me do a maneuverability test where I had to drive around and through some cones, then went for a five minute drive around the block and back. For the Canadian one, I had to leave the lot, drive around the neighbourhood, find a hill, park on it correctly, drive some more, merge lanes, find a street, parallel park behind a car, return to the depot, and reverse into a parking spot in like five moves. Granted, I already had the Canadian one so maybe that's why they weren't as thorough, they were just verifying I can drive. The Canadians also do the graduated licensing so you have to go in stages, the US doesn't. 
That slow pace is going to be what gets you through those 10 and 20 minute intervals. The key to the program is just getting used to making that running motion for longer periods of time. Give it to the end of the program until you consciously make an effort to speed up, I think. 
At a family dinner, we got talking about Black Mirror with my SO's adorable, sweet, conservative grandparents and they said they're going to check it out. I HAD to warn them about episode 1 because there's no way his grandmother's gonna appreciate that one. 
Lol I once used the boyfriend line and the dude actually questioned me. I was sending a text and this guy walks over and goes "who ya texting?" While trying to look at my screen. I said "my boyfriend", and he sarcastically goes "really?". "Yes". "Huh, really?". "YES" in the most hostile tone. He left, but I was so annoyed he wouldn't even accept that answer. 
You know, I've heard that song so many times and vaguely noted the childhood friend thing but never made that connection. Damn. 
Halsey irritates me to death. I just always get the vibe that she'd be incredibly full of herself and obnoxious and I can't shake it long enough to listen to her. 
I listened without thinking about it. Now I just know I'm going to end up with this in my Daily Mixes and hating myself for it. 
Tims has always been hit or miss. Sometimes I'd get a cup and it was great, sometimes it was a dud. 
I think you're thinking of the other one that was in the news in Cobourg. That one is owned by Tim Horton's daughter and Ron Joyce's son, the one that cut the paid breaks. This one is in Whitby and as far as I can find, has no connection to the Horton family. 
And they have that little card that you collect stickers on and get a free one. Which is really a minor thing but it's nice to get free shit sometimes if you're buying it anyway. 
Time to pick up a new instrument! I hear neighbours love beginner violinists...
No shame in slowing down further as the runs get longer! I'm finished the program and sometimes even I have to slow down to finish a whole run, if I'm having an off day. 
Your heart is desperately trying to catch up to you. Imagine you're out running with a friend who's in worse shape than you, and you run ahead and your friend is heaving as he tries to run to catch up with you and can't quite. That's what your heart is feeling. 
Am a Canadian in the US. I got told yesterday that I'm a fool for "leaving free college and healthcare" by an American. Lol. So much misinformation. 
Of course you can't, you pay what the rate is IN THAT COUNTRY. Canadian prices, wages, entire economy is different than the American one. Yes, Canadians technically paid less in your dollar than you did— but Canadians also tend to have different wages, different cost of living, different taxes. Apples to oranges. 
Yes, but up until recently, other countries had their own prices too. The Canadian dollar amount was the same as the American dollar amount. 
It's not wrong, but the discussion is regarding Canadian dollars, therefore it doesn't make much sense to speak in USD. 
Get an armband for your phone? 
Just got home after five days away and only one run in that time, and I am so looking forward to going back to the gym for a good run tomorrow! 
Love it! The Sims is life. 
I don't think I even know what arching is but I would've done it just for that comment tbh. 
What you make off revenue depends largely on what category your videos fall into. For example, I've got a buddy who does YouTube. He posts gameplay of virtual reality video games, but YouTube considers virtual reality to be "tech" and not "gaming", which makes less per view than gaming. So if he posts a video that gets as many views as someone else who posts a "gaming" video, he still makes less. 
I find breathing in through my nose and out through my mouth to be the best way to get rid of stitches without stopping. Generally works!
Interesting, maybe I'll look into that in future. At the moment I'm pinching pennies a bit, or I'd have all of its... quirks... fixed.
Bear with me, I'm still learning the ins and outs of cars and upgrades and the like- what would bigger front brakes do for me? 
Mine's getting new brakes hopefully this coming week, first thing I'm actually putting into it since buying it back in August off my SO's brother. He was tough on her but she's in good shape, all things considered. Only 99k miles on her. The heater's just started giving me trouble, her driver's seat is torn to shit (seat covers take care of that...I don't even know what the hell happened to do so much damage to that one). She's got a nice Bluetooth stereo, remote starter (i never knew I needed one, but my god it's great. It's also fun watching peoples faces in parking lots when the empty old Buick next to them suddenly starts, evidently no one figures someone would put one into one). 
www.instagram.com/m1ssmeghan 

If you're interested in mostly pictures of my cat. I'm trying to post more, ie more fitness/running related posts, hopefully as the weather gets better and I run outdoors more!
The beauty of them being "grandpa cars" is that, generally speaking, grandpas tend to not take road trips and they maintain their cars pretty well (my 2000 was literally a grandpa car, my grandpa gave me it and he barely drove further than to the doctors' and back). This means they tend to live longer lives! That's why you see so many driving around.

I fucking loved my first Regal. Thing was a tank, really well maintained, ran nice. I cried like I was burying a friend when I totalled it, so I feel you on the attachment thing :-) 

My 98's not in the shape my 2000 was in, but at some point I'm planning to give 'er some TLC and much needed extra maintenance. My SO's got a Camry and I think the extra power in my Buick makes it way more fun to drive. 

My running joke is that I can't own anything but another Regal next, but I genuinely do think the new ones are also gorgeous. 
Howdy, fellow Buick owner. I've got a 98 Regal LS, I had a 2000 Regal (GS, I wanna say) before. Mostly fluke that I ended up with two Regals, but I'm not complaining, I kind of love my grandpa-mobile Regals. Laugh all you want, these things have so much room in them.
Now I just really want to have a couple in which one hates the other's pet. 
Good news: decided to get a run in while we're away for the weekend. Used a free three visit trial pass at a GoodLife Fitness nearby since our YMCA passes don't work here. Had a good run, ran 2.5 miles after being lazy for nearly a week. 

Bad news: trainer there tried to upsell us after the one visit, I was honest with him that we weren't going to be buying memberships (maybe I should've fibbed but I would've felt bad if he wasted his time). The trainer began grilling us and as we were leaving we could hear him loudly bitching to the other trainer there about us. Nice. I don't think we're welcome at GoodLife again lol. 
I'm away from home and have been putting off going for runs since I don't have my gym here.... but I think today I'm going to sign up for a trial at the closest gym and go for a run there because god damn I gotta stop slacking!
"My wife wanted a cat. I didn't want a cat. So we compromised and got a cat." - Quentin 
Canada Computers on Queen in Brampton has never done me wrong. 
And if you go into your phone notifications for the app, all options are on, like show on lock screen?
Go into your settings in the app, are all of the options on? "Disable sleep", "reminder", etc?
And it's only Monday, Mr Mom.
Carly Rae Jensen followed me on twitter. I wasn't even following her at the time, so I still don't even know how she found me. But hey 🤷🏼‍♀️ a few other favourite bands of mine follow me. 
Gotcha. I haven't yet gotten that far yet. 
But that's assuming they have their own plane. Realistically they probably just get one of a bunch of available jets so they aren't on the same one each trip. 
She lost a fair bit of weight, if I remember right. Which is kind of ironic when you think about the fact that she made a song all about boys liking em big and then went and shed it. 
If on a treadmill, just pick a time. Like, "just another three minutes, ok do it again, okay you've made it half a mile (if you're running a12 min/mile pace— alter to suit your speed lol), ok just another three minutes". If I'm starting to slow, telling myself to "just" get to a certain time helps. 
I just wanna pop in and say kudos to you! Week 5 is where the program really steps up, so A+ on making it this far!
My mom always had it cut short (short being to my jaw or so) cause I would protest even brushing it. I'd ask to have longer hair and she always said "not unless you want to take care of it". So really, i don't blame her at all for it lol I was awful.
Awesome, thank you!
I had short hair as a kid, my mom wouldn't let me grow it longer because I wouldn't look after it and she didn't want to deal with it. I keep it longer now because I can and because it's way less time-consuming, costly, and easier. 
Every time I cut my hair short thinking it'll be easier, I realize immediately how much easier longer hair is. When I have short hair, I have to style it every day whether I want to or not. When it's long, if I'm not feeling it, I can throw it into a ponytail or bun and call it a day. It stays out of my face, out of my way, ponytails help hide if it's a bit dirty (second or third day hair). 
I straight up wasn't allowed to drive. It wasn't as much that they didn't want me driving, but that my grandfather didn't want me driving his car in case anything happened. His line of thinking was if anything happened, it would be blamed on him as the supervising adult, and being in his late 70s, he'd lose his license. So the only place he ever let me drive was on a private road, once a week. He also wouldn't pay for driving lessons for me, so I just never really learned to drive until an adult friend (I had horses growing up, this was a lady in her late 30s/early 40s that I boarded with) started teaching me and letting me drive her car. She even let me take my road test in her car. She was awesome. 
The vicious fucking cycle of "need experience to get the job"/"need the job to get experience" and there is no way you can get them to give you a shot without it. 
I stay in bed and feel sorry for myself on day one. Day before, day two, I can push out a few miles those days, but day one, it's a grind. 
Cool, thank you! I see they have a track as well, that's awesome. I looked on the site, but I'm not seeing a price- do you know what their fee is?
Good to know, thanks!
Thanks. Wish my American YMCA pass would just work at the Brampton one!
Like the one at Bramalea and Bovaird? 
After being down all last week with a bug, I got my ass back to the gym for a run and managed to push out two miles before I was about to keel over. Took the weekend off, and got back to it today, managed to get out two miles before I was out of gas. Being sick sucks! And I'm away after Wednesday, so I either have to find a gym in my hometown to drop into or take another week off because I'm not running outside in -30C. Decisions, decisions....
The Black Mirror subreddit has some great nicknames for that actor. Fat Damon, Meth Damon (he was in Breaking Bad).
If you like that, I think you'll love Hang the DJ from season 4. 
Fellow Clevelander (ok I'm outside Cleveland, but I mean, semantics), my buddy told me he called out sick today because he wasn't dealing with the roads at 8am. Surprisingly decent by the time I left the house after noon though, and man it felt so warm compared to how it's been!
Also, he was home and sitting right by the door. He's in the game but it seems he has some sense of the outside world since he heard the pizza delivery guy ring the bell. If you're a bunch of floors up and you're right by the door, you're probably not going to worry too much about someone breaking into your place through the door beside you. 
For real, about 43% of the reason I'll go to the gym when it's miserable is to watch HGTV on the treadmill. Getting some gains and some Gaines. 
I ate shit on the treadmill when my hand caught the wire of my headphones, sending my phone flying. I reflexively went to grab it immediately, not stopping the treadmill, and was slid right off the back of it. It didn't help that that was one of the few times my SO was at the gym with me and on the one next to me, so he saw the whole thing. I'm just glad the gym staff didn't come fuss LOL I was a bit mortified. Gave me motivation to get my ass back in gear though. At some point in the fray I apparently hit my hand, cause my ring finger was bruised so badly it swelled right up. It hurt like hell the whole rest of the run, too. I never did get it checked out.
Nope, not a hotel, staying at my family's place. I'm thinking I'll just use a 7 day free trial at a place. There's one that I've actually always been curious about checking out, it looks very nice. 
That name alone makes me want a pair. 
I've been down since New Years myself, I feel you! I dragged myself to the gym a couple days ago and managed to force out two miles on the treadmill and now I'm debating whether I can muster up the will today or if I'll just go tomorrow, because I've got a cough I can't shake. Winter bugs suck!
Climbing is so fun! My high school had a massive climbing gym, gym classes would go sometimes— I haven't been since, but it was fun. (Now you've got me wondering where the nearest climbing wall to me is... hmm...)
What do you ladies do when you're away, gym-wise? I'm going back to my hometown in a few days, and I wouldn't mind still getting a few runs in but I'm not running in the cold. My gym pass won't work for the gyms there. I'm only going to be there under a week, so there's no point signing up for anything there. Do I find a drop-in gym? (I don't know of any that do drop ins, all membership only). I know of one off the top of my head that does trials, do I sign up for a week trial? Or should I just say fuck it and take the weekend off? 

On that note, holy shit I'm so excited to go home and see my family and snuggle the cats. 
Oh man, after a year I would not be down for being too casual for labels. 
Mine too. Someone told me it's usually because there are specific users who turn up the heat so they'll sweat more during their workouts at mine. Dunno how true that is 🤔
It's funny because when I was watching it, I felt so bad for Daly and I said to my SO "this poor dude. I feel like I want to like him, but this is Black Mirror, he's probably horrible and I'm going to hate him by the end". Sure enough...
Hang the DJ. I loved Frank and Amy and was cheering for them the whole way, the world was such a neat one to explore with them, and I just thought it was a cool concept. Plus, it was one of the few that ended on a bright note. 
I liked that they set the episode up to make Daly the victim— they think he's creepy, the one lady even warns the new girl about how weird he gets, you think he's just misunderstood and awkward. They make it out like his partner is sleazy and the jerk. Throughout the episode you realize that he's actually a nicer guy behind closed doors (the way he talks about his son, you kinda realize his womanizer persona is a front) and gradually realize that Daly isn't just misunderstood and everyone was completely justified in how they spoke of him. 
I was told beforehand by a friend that that one was about a kid who "did something really bad and someone finds out and threatens him with it" and the whole time I was going "...... the fuck's THAT bad about getting caught jerking it?". A light went off at the very end, lol. 
I loved all the nods to past episodes all through Black Museum. 
I mean, Nish committed murder (double murder, if you count also deleting the prisoner). Something tells me she's that person that would break the law on the bear too. 
That's so sweet! Take it step by step, if he's right for you, a relationship will flow naturally:) 
Maybe a few weeks of the crowd will be the kick you need to go earlier? 
I've been sick all week, so I haven't been to the gym since last Saturday (and then it was closed Sunday and Monday for New Years). Today I'm still sick but I forced myself to go, intending to maaaaybe run a mile. I got there and the track was closed, so I had to do the treadmill... but I ran two! It's not a lot, but I didn't think I'd even be capable of doing one with how i feel so I'll take it. 

Oh, and there was a really sweet older gentleman on the treadmill next to me who I got to help get started and show him the ins and outs of the treadmill. He was shuffling along at a run once he got going and it made my day a bit. You go, dude!
My eye had been red for about a week, I finally decided to get it checked out because it wasn't going away. The doctor took one look at me and said "oh, it's red. Pink eye. Here's your script.". I told her I don't believe it's pink eye, it's not crusty, oozing, or itchy at all. She listened for a minute, said "here's your script" and ushered me out. I bought the meds, took them for a week, at which point my eye got absolutely no better, so I went back and saw another doctor who actually listened to me and checked for everything (I thought maybe I'd scratched it.. I hadn't, but he looked all over).  When he couldn't find the cause, he sent me on to specialists. I also made a point of telling him his doctor (it was his clinic) had dismissed it as pink eye and he immediately went ".... but it's clearly not".

Tl;dr it ended up my iris was inflamed, and if the condition had been left untreated for much longer I could have been in deeeeep trouble. I'm still salty, it took a good two months to finally get to the bottom of it and cure it and I spent more than I would have liked on prescriptions that did nothing, because she was just trying to get me out of there faster. 
The more the merrier! Kudos on your new journey!
I didn't even realize there were bits of teeth, cause at that point it was obvious they were going to pan to his face in the mirror chipping at his teeth and I was just not going to watch that one. 
*Nah to the ah to the no no no!*
Well, the price-dropping reads as rather pretentious.
"Pending appeal"
Still sick, still housebound. Thinking about going to the gym tonight with the SO and at least walking the track while he runs, if I can't run myself (I can't even breathe through my nose, lol).

Also I think I gained a few gray hairs this morning when I pulled the laundry I put in last night out of the dryer and realized his $200 earbuds were still in the pocket of his gym shorts. 😭 by some miracle, they seem to still work ok. 
I figured it was just a nod to it, nothing to do with the events of the episode. 
I couldn't watch, especially when he got to the teeth. Blood is one thing but holy shit anything to do with teeth for me is a huge no. 
Yeah, like the rats were named Kenny and Hector, but they made no actual reference to the events of Shut Up and Dance. I figured that was just a nod, not a proper crossover. 
Does your grandmother really care whether the game you're talking about is a shooter or adventure game, though? It's not the point of the article. 
Eh. Think of the target audience of a publication like Marie Claire. It's quite likely it's not overlapping much with a video game site. It needs to be understandable for them or they're going to skip it once it gets technical. 
Plus, if they'll do it WITH you, they'll do it TO you. 
Used to be a housekeeper. They were pitched if they were opened. Never heard of refilling, that sounds awful, god knows what they could put in there. 
My friend works in a hotel. A few months ago someone walked out with the tv, I shit you not. 
Yup, I once had a flight where the front half was fuller and the back half was missing many. The flight crew had to convince people to move to the seats in the back before we could leave. 
In all fairness, I get the impression the author is either not actually very knowledgeable with games and/or is trying to dumb it way down for readers who aren't. 
Good job! You're over the hill now! I found it so much easier from that point on, as I KNEW that I was capable of going for that long without walking. (Also, I'm totally with you. I'll gladly stay indoors until it's not so cold my snot freezes :))
No such thing as too slow. I would say a majority of C25K graduates aren't actually hitting 5k by the time they run 30 minutes, it takes just a bit over that to reach it. If you have to go a bit longer, there no shame in that- a 5k run for me is about 36 minutes.
I just got my first Bluetooth earbuds and holy shit they changed the whole game for me. Even on a treadmill, the lack of wires is great. 
The zenlabs app has a paid version with no ads, or the free one has very non-intrusive ads. 
Yes. I used to commute to work via transit and everywhere the cold air touched on my walk in to work would be dry during winter. Cold sucks the moisture from skin. 
Pouting today because I wanted to get back to the gym for a run (I'm a baby when it comes to the cold, I'd rather stay indoors on a treadmill or track 😛), since it was closed New Year's Eve and Day, but I've been down with a cold the last few days and still haven't quite kicked it. I'm so congested I know I'll be wheezing for air by the first mile:( I guess I'll have to see how I feel tomorrow instead. On the flip side, it's probably packed today anyway with both people who're back after two days off and the resolutioners. 
I'm down for more vacation worlds as long as there's more to do. I get so freaking bored in Granite Falls after like, a day, so I just never send my sims on vacation. Something with more of a tiki jungley vibe with tombs sounds fun though. 
Or the roach-killing machines went haywire and wiped out everything. 
She was looking for a very specific box and called it a replacement. It seemed pretty clear to me that the boy had that bear and she was looking for the same one for him. 
I thought she thought it was out of power, since she was pretty surprised when it showed up at the house after her. 
I thought about that too especially when the system told him he had to get out of the house once the time was up. I was like "so.... are they homeless between dates?". Which made me wonder about when Frank was late to his second date because he had to change... he didn't have a house to go to so where tf did he go to change??
At first I thought they might have Amy grow to hate her "perfect" date (the one she was crazy attracted to) and have Frank grow to love Nicola. Aaaaand then it got to the end for Frank and Nicola and nope lol. 
But they said his was a developer model cut off from online, so it may not have the same safety features the public model would have. 
I was really hoping the baby would save the husband. Like as she was following him upstairs, the baby would start crying and she'd go oh fuck I can't leave this baby alone and have a change of heart. Idk how I thought it'd end after that but like, I didn't want her to kill the baby or leave it orphaned :(
I'll say this for Shut Up and Dance, I think part of why you feel for the kid is because you don't know what he's trying to cover up. If you'd known, you might not have cared for him the same. The whole time you think he's just trying to hide nudes or something getting out.
I don't think she ever intended to simply scare her. Even if Shazia didn't tell, her bosses would wonder where the recording was (assuming there's inventory of whatever they record on, DVD or sd card or so on) if she didn't destroy it or they'd watch it back themselves. 
But the car still ended up there. Surely there's a charge for reckless driving in leaving a car on subway tracks, even if intoxication can't be proven. 
I did this as a teen. I'd wake up cold, so I'd crank the heat to warm up fast in my room. My grandfather got fed up and put a lock box over the thermostat so I couldn't crank it anymore. 
You too! I've managed to drag myself out of bed and be semi presentable for family festivities, so there's that. 
Thank you! At least that first workout of the year will be extra satisfying. Happy new year!
I've always liked their stuff tbh. My Danskin leggings are so freaking comfy. My bras are lower support, but I'm not huge in the chest so it works. I've no doubt higher end stuff is great, but on a budget they do me well!
Hahahaha not saying don't ever discuss it, just realize it's a risk. I definitely wouldn't discuss it in the early days of any relationship. 
I eat the junk and I feel no remorse for it. I see it as, I'm running mostly so that I can eat that food, and a litttttle bit so that I can shrink that muffin top. But mostly for the food. 
I never signed up for a gym because I knew I'd never go. I was interested, but wasn't sure because I was so self conscious about it because "what if I look dumb, fumbling with something I clearly don't know how to use?"  Then my SO took it upon himself to get me onto his plan. I started going because it wasn't my money being wasted, and lo and behold I survived the ordeal 😛
Well, if you've still got that belly chub, and you build your core up, that belly chub is still there, only it's likely more prominent now that you've got muscle layered underneath. Also you might weigh MORE now that on top of your ten pounds of muffin top, you've got five pounds of muscle. If you're going solely off the number on the scale to see your progress, you're going to be discouraged when you're even heavier than where you started. 
Population of 21,000 here. I can think of three gyms without even consulting google maps. 
Always refrain from discussing controversial topics with people unless you're prepared to potentially dislike them afterwards 😛
Interesting conversation. I've been in a committed relationship a while and never did the dating app thing, but I've used Bumble BFF (think Tinder for ladies to make friends) and nothing bores me more than dull conversation. "How are you?" "I'm good. How was ur day?" "It was good, what did you do?" but like that's every conversation. It's repetitive and generic. I like fun conversations, in depth stories about your day, talking about shared interests. "Have you seen the new Star Wars?" "Oh yeah, what did you think of X?". Know what I mean? 

Also, not feeling pressure to keep conversation going constantly. Even with my SO, we don't talk every moment we're together (should note, we live together. When apart, no need to text all day). Space is cool.

Also, in my opinion, keep serious discussions face to face only. Defining the relationship? Wait until you're physically together and gauge the right time. 

As for her message about not seeing you until after New Years.... the fact that she actively mentioned seeing you again makes me think she does like you, so no need to keep trying to make her like you by chatting constantly. It's not after New Years yet, she said she'd be busy until after it. A happy New Years message can't hurt, but once that ball is in her court, LEAVE IT. she'll either reply, or she won't. 
Rule of thumb in my experience, if you haven't heard from them in a while, you can send one more text (by a while, I mean more than a few days). One lack of response could simply be forgetting to respond (I'm notorious for opening messages, intending to reply in a bit once I'm done something, and totally forgetting..... then wonder why I haven't gotten a response from the other person. Oops.) or even a lost message. More than one message with no reply is deliberate. And that's ok! Not everyone will be interested in you, just as you won't be interested in every female you meet!
"Say, what's in this drink" was a common phrase at the time. She's blaming the drink for making her do something she thinks she wouldn't normally do (staying overnight at her man's house). It was something of a joke at the time, because often there was nothing in the drink. It was all on them, they were just blaming alcohol.

> “Say, what’s in this drink” is a well-used phrase that was common in movies of the time period and isn’t really used in the same manner any longer. The phrase generally referred to someone saying or doing something they thought they wouldn’t in normal circumstances; it’s a nod to the idea that alcohol is “making” them do something unusual. But the joke is almost always that there is nothing in the drink. The drink is the excuse. 

From [this article](http://persephonemagazine.com/2010/12/listening-while-feminist-in-defense-of-baby-its-cold-outside/)
She doesn't want to go, but she "should". Have you never been out and know you should probably head home but don't want to leave yet?
I do love Walmart. Got two sports bras for $10 last night! One simple black one and one grey and hot pink one cause my workout wardrobe has no colour to it LOL. I've always had pretty good success with their stuff, especially for the price, so I can't complain. 

In crappier news, I've gotten sick on New Year's Eve. Figures!
How tight are your sleeves? I've heard of putting it in the arm band and then the jackets over that. Downside, you can't see your screen. Upside, it isn't readily exposed to the cold air. 


Canadian in US here. I check the chip aisle in the store every time I go in the hopes of finding All Dressed. Our Walmart had them, until I actually lived here. Now it's Giant Eagle that has them and I've got it down to a T where you can find them. 
I said to my SO as we were starting the episode, "oh this poor guy. I want to feel bad for him....... but this is Black Mirror so I'm probably going to hate him by the end for some reason". 

Sure e-fucking-nough. 
Absolutely stick with it. The fact that it's tough just means you're really challenging yourself! (Note: actual pain, however, means stop right away. Don't try to run through pain in the name of challenging yourself!) you WILL improve if you stick with it!
Pretty much what we do, if we run together (we have different schedules, I like to run before I do anything else, he'd rather go before dinner, so weekends are often the only time we can go together). He's got over half a foot on me, even in good shape his slow jog is a run for me. I'm content with that, I'd rather zone out than try and converse the whole way. 
If you're not already doing it, /r/C25K! Remember soreness is good, pain isn't, and take rest days!
Man I love Toronto so much <3
Thank you! Feels so good to finally hit that mark! It was starting to feel like I'd be stuck at 2.5 forever.
Been hitting a wall at 2.5 miles and could not seem to run more than that without getting stitches, needing to slow, taking a walk break. Today I managed to run all 3 miles, at the same speed, no walk break, and didn't really stitch up once! 
Ran a whole 3 miles for the first time this morning! I've only been running since about October, and finished C25K a few weeks ago, and since then I've been running 2.5 in 30 minutes. I've been struggling to get past the 2.5 mile mark but today I got those extra 6 minutes in and did 3.1 and ran 37 minutes! Feels good to break that wall. 
All the lines shitting on the "skinny bitches" being "barbies". Don't put down one group to bring up another. 
"*Ahhhhhhhh* and you heard about me *oooooooh*..."

It's crazy catchy. 
I think it's also only natural to want a break from people you're around constantly. 
Ohhh gotcha, thanks. I'm not too into the Beats-verse or Bluetooth earbuds in general:) 
That's the plan. Realistically I know it's no big deal, I just feel silly walking up to them and looking around it for instructions completely bewildered. LOL
W1? Not sure what that is off the top of my head, mine came from a seller on eBay refurbished I think so they just have the earbuds and a carry case. 
My SO has the Powerbeats3 and I LOVE his, so I'm very excited! Can't wait to go for a run today and not have the wire bouncing around!
I think tomorrow I might just make a point of tying my shoes and getting a drink of water pre-run and putting my earbuds in at the benches and sneakily peek around at everything as I'm doing so, maybe watch people using them to see how it's done LOL. The downside of my gym's layout, the treadmills look out the window and have your back to the machines. Handy for avoiding human contact, not handy when you want to inconspicuously look around!
Powerbeats2 earbuds. Super stoked to hit the gym with them. 
I just remember it being a sharp pinch more than "pain". Your eyes will water and it'll bleed and it's done. My nose is my easiest piercing, doesn't catch on things toooo often (less than my earrings do). 
To learn the machines at the gym and strength train. I avoid them because I have no idea how any of them work and stick to the treadmills and track. 
My mother in law got me running gloves so I have no excuse not to go running outside with her when it's cold. 
You're just laying the foundation now for your best 2018 :)
You should be, you're past the halfway point! 
My SO and I were long distance until this past summer so this is my first Christmas in years that I haven't been gotten right off a plane and gone straight to his family's festivities and arrived late/been on the road all day driving in and arriving late. Feels gud man. 
Grandma. I think it's German?
Makes sense. C25K is what got me to a point where I can run nonstop for 30 minutes (I'm still a newbie, working up to running that last half mile/5 minutes). It starts you out with a combination of walking and running intervals and slowly phases out the walking until you're running nonstop for 30 minutes. 

Running more is definitely the solution but what will also help is just running slower. Trying to do it too fast is gonna burn you out fast. Slow and steady doesn't win the race but it gets you to the finish line!
36 minutes isn't a bad time, honestly. That's a 12 minute mile. That's about my pace actually. C25k is just good for working you up to it at a safe rate if you're not really a runner. 
Are you already a runner? If not, I suggest /r/C25K. It won't get you running 5k in a month but it'll get you somewhere. 
Wasnt the leaving out show names a deliberate move to get a new audience in? Ie to get people who would never watch "AHWU" to check out the new video. 
My MIL looooves Flo Rida's "Cake". "I didn't come here to paaaaarty..."
I don't think I felt too young, I think my mom told me it meant she has a lot of boyfriends so I just thought it was about Nelly having lots of dates. Years later I heard it and was like LOL WAIT IT MAKES SENSE. 
HAHAH I think I was about 10 when this came out and I remember asking my mom what promiscuous meant. I wish I could remember what she even told me. 
It's the same developers too, at least partially. Iirc the dev team split up and some of them went on to make it. 
How much water do you drink?
I spray it in generously (like, I want that weird white residue). Leave my hair to do whatever for ten or so minutes while I do something else like my makeup, shower my body (I put my hair up), get my clothes. After enough time the residue is probably mostly gone as it's soaked up oils. I brush my hair out, that'll remove more of it. If I still have some, I just rub at it.
It seems to be an in store deal (they're usually $7 and when I rang it up it came up at $5 and I was like .......... I'm not arguing), but I found it online [here](https://www.walmart.com/ip/Danskin-Now-Women-s-Active-Racerback-Cami-Bra-with-Mesh-Detail/48177957). It seems they're almost all out of stock though except the pink one!
I found a sports bra at Walmart last night for $5 and it's quite cute and most of the reason I'm excited to go for a run  today is so I can wear it LOL. I don't think my SO truly gets how exciting finding a pretty good bra for $5 is, I'm hoping everyone here will!
Honestly I found it best NOT looking at the numbers before starting! Then you can't psych yourself out going "oh god I have to run all that!?"  You aren't mentally counting down the minutes!
I'm just imagining Shoutout to My Ex 2.0 
I always sit there like "..... that's not how that works.........."
I hate the extendable leashes. It basically just teaches your dog that they can walk away from you, it's fine, AND now there's a line potentially crossing the whole path. Just keep a regular leash and teach your dog that leash on means stay nearby, leash off is wandering time!
The fun part is it means I have someone to talk fitness with, she's kind of like a mentor! If she's free, I have a running buddy who is more than able to keep up with me and doesn't mind keeping with my pace (my SO is way too fast for me to keep up with and wouldn't even break a sweat staying with me, so running together doesn't really work). I'm thinking about some other gym classes I'd be interested in and will likely ask her to be my class busy LOL. 
Dunno. I just notice I tend to get them once I'm breathing through my mouth versus when I'm breathing through the nose. 
Piggybacking off of the nose breathing comments-- when I breathe through my mouth, I get stitches far more often than when I go through the nose only. Is this normal or am I doing something wrong? Should I be toughing out the stitches, will breathing through the mouth more often reduce how often I get them? 
My mother in law could run laps around me, and I think it's really admirable that even while running a household and watching a grandchild she still keeps herself in such great shape. 
That sounds like animals in a nutshell. The number of times I've tripped on my cat going up the stairs!
Knew a kid in school who did this. Every day after getting off the bus he'd assume position and off he went, running home down the street. 
I haven't had my coffee yet so I had to go double check I didn't!
1. Are your shoes pinching? Socks too tight? 

2. Are you breathing through your nose or mouth? If mouth, try nose. Also consider a running mask or even just bandana over your nose and mouth. 
"If I ever run into a bear, I'm bound to be able to outrun at least one person"
Not quite a screwed up investigation but one of the lead detectives in the EAR/ONS case believes he saw the guy one night but didn't pursue him.  Just thinking, if he had gone after him...
That's good! Running can be a drag sometimes but it's the feeling of knowing that you A) got out there and didn't sit on the couch and B) have made progress that keeps me going at it. There's a pride in knowing you're doing something you were incapable of before! 

Anyway, I'd let your body breathe to its own rhythm. I think the people using breathing techniques are pacing themselves to their breathing, not breathing to their pace. That was my experience anyway. I read "breathe in 3 steps, breathe out 2" but at my pace, 2 steps is really quite a short exhale. 
In all honesty, breathing techniques tend to be useless early in the program I found. You body breathes naturally, let it do it itself. Just focus on taking long, deep breaths instead of quick ones (I find it easier to do it through my nose, as soon as o breathe through my mouth I get stitches). 
Is it possible you're stepping unevenly and coming down harder on your right leg than your left?
In all fairness, even finding a minimum wage job can be very difficult today. There are simply too many candidates, unless you've got someone to get your foot in the door. The whole vicious cycle of "need experience to get the job, need the job to get experience".  

Also, if he's got a degree in anything, he's overqualified and that hurts. The manager at the grocery store doesn't want to hire the guy with a degree because he knows he didn't go to school for 4 years to stack cans for peanuts and will leave when he finds work in his field. 
Consider the bridge to 10k program. 
Thanks!
Thank you! This sub was a great motivator. 
Thank you!!
If you can't go until Wednesday, it's not the end of the world! :) your fitness level won't totally reset after a few days off. A regular schedule is important but it's not the most mandatory thing. 
Nope, he's also very into the whole "don't tell ANYONE who you have!". So he won't let me tell him who I have. His brother's SO was at their house this morning and I only just thought of having her go send me a list of all the games they have or a pic of their games cabinet, after she left (she's one of the ones who isn't as uptight about the secret, she was helping me think of ideas the other night). Figures! 

His brother in law and I are friendly but not so friendly that it wouldn't be suspicious if I (or even my SO) messaged him out of the blue for game suggestions. It'd be obvious one of us has him. I'd rather find him board games in a local store than on Amazon because it'd save me on shipping, but the only game I know he wants seems to only be online. Hmmm. 
Is it very important to you to maintain the same schedule week to week? I often did every other day which ended up Monday Wednesday Friday, Sunday Tuesday Thursday, Saturday, Monday, etc.  Every week was different. However, I have a schedule that allows for me to go whichever days. I also had a couple days gap here and there where I went 3 or 4 days between runs, and while it might've been tougher than it would've been if I had gone every other, it wasn't like it totally set me way back. You could probably keep going if you're able to. 
I'm out of classes for the semester, exams are done, and I have absolutely nothing to do with my time now! All of my friends work all day, it's too snowy and cold out to go out and hike or something. I thought about going into the city and going to the museum but if I'm honest, it's an hour's drive and I don't want to make it alone! What do I do with all this free time?!
My SO's family does it secret Santa style, because there are so many people especially now that most of the children have spouses. I drew his sister's husband....... I have yet to buy for him because I just have no idea what to get! I know he likes games but I have NO idea what they do and don't have, and his family takes not telling anyone who you have very seriously so I can't ask his sister or it'll give it away. Gah! 
She already created the rift between them when her nastiness was called out. 
Are you suggesting she shouldn't visit any of her family because of her one shitty sister? You shouldn't throw out the whole bag of apples just because one is rotten. 
New Romantics isn't on this album....?
It could have fit three times that. Was supposed to have 64 to start, then halved that to 32, then halved it once again. 
Totally, but you gotta remember her livelihood basically also depends on her looks. Sex appeal is the biggest moneymaker. Your next paycheque being dependent on you spending hours in the gym is probably a great motivator. 
Money for the best styling, makeup, personal trainers, and procedures will do that for you. 
You can definitely skip to maybe week 3 or 4. Just keep in mind the body resets fairly fast and 3 years is a long break, you could definitely be back at the beginning. But I mean, i would give Week 3 day 1 a go, worst case scenario you find it just a little too much too soon and next time go back to week 2. 
Zenlabs C25K app! 
Nah I stay following because I'm a nosy bitch who likes to see where everyone's at in life lol
I think he's just looking for that Instagram fame, tagging fuckin any celebrity he thinks has a shot at giving him a shoutout in case it gets him all those sweet sweet follows. 
Bonus points if they're Christian and make sure to mention their love for God 5 times by the end of the video. 
I have one from high school on my Instagram, who is ALWAYS posting ~inspirational~ spiels. Loooong fuckin paragraphs about how friends are great and God is great and be positive (because it's great!). Then he tags all these different celebrities in it in an attempt to get noticed (think Chainsmokers, those sorts of guys). 

Edit: holy shit no sooner had I posted this than I got a notification that he started a live feed. Go figure. 
I find I look forward to runs because I know I'll feel good after, knowing I got up and did something. However, come run day, I definitely do find myself going "oh god, I do NOT want to go!" And I have to drag myself out the door. Once I get running, I'm alright. I just try to zone out. I set the treadmill to a channel so I can half watch the shows but I turn off stats or else I absolutely watch the time and it feels like it drags on longer. While I'm running I try to think of motivation to keep going: say, "I want a body like X celebrity" "think of how much this person must work out. This is no big deal." I'm also pretty competitive so knowing another box will be ticked off on my app is satisfying. 

Also, when I start to think about stopping, I ask justly why I want to stop. Am i really struggling, REALLY, or am I just getting bored? 99% of the time, my legs can keep me going, and I'm not actually "out of breath", I'm just breathing harder or feeling the workout. 

I too don't run outside, just because I'm still not the most familiar with the area (just moved here a few months back)  so I don't want to go alone and no one has a schedule that will coincide with mine. 
The lack of attention on the show is why I watch stuff with no story I need to follow much! You've got shorter legs so that makes sense. My SO has half a foot on me and his relaxed pace is a struggle to keep up with simply because he's got longer legs. It's not about the number on the treadmill as much as exertion. 

Edit: for what it's worth, I've walked at 3.0 if I'm really pushing at the run too. 
I walk at a 3.5-3.8 depending on my mood and run at a 5.0. I walk pretty quickly normally so while 3.5-8 is pretty fast, it's only a step above normal for me. 

Also I watch tv while I run! I don't watch anything I have to really pay attention to but I like HGTV or Animal Planet depending on if I feel like watching cute animals or interior design lol. 
+1 for Sims reference 
It was a blah day for me and on Week 8 Day 2 I couldn't quite do it all, had to pause and walk for a minute at about the 23 minute mark. I don't know why I couldn't just push through those last five minutes since I did it Monday. Ah well, on to the last run (on Friday, if I can find a gym, since I'll be out of town!)!
Focus on time for now. Most people aren't very fast when they start, and many still aren't fast when they finish— but they can still run for a whole 30 mins!
You still ran for 25 minutes! It might have been slower than a walk for some,  but it's an entirely different workout. Running moves your body in a totally different way. 
So I used to swear I hated running. I'd sporadically decide "I wanna go for a run", run for two minutes, be exhausted and quit. I'd do it once a year, be exhausted in two minutes, be discouraged because how am I going to go running when I'm wiped by the time I'm down the road from the house?

So I finally got a gym membership and started Couch to 5k. Yesterday, at 8 weeks in, I ran for 28 minutes straight, and I (mostly) enjoyed it! The program works you up to it slowly and forces you to really pace yourself. The feeling of hitting a milestone is super satisfying, too!
Why is this, do you know? What about the female body makes it harder to run so fast? Shorter legs, or?
I would assume Bill was surprised Holden never asked where he lived. He just called and said "I'll be there to get you then" without asking where to go. 
Best way to run faster is to run longer. 
I take my binge watching seriously. 
I've always thought that was such a fun one!
You Gotta Not is one of my favourites, it's so sassy! It lost a few points with me though once my SO pointed out the background "you gotta not"s in the verses are basically just Meghan Trainor's voice. 
I can't unsee or hear that goat video that was going around when that song got big. Every time I hear the AHHHHHs I just envision goats screaming. 
Even if it wasn't physical and they never went further physically, she had to be emotionally cheating— you don't get so intimately close to a colleague. 
I thought the tuna being left was more about the cat (presumably) being dead— implying there might be someone torturing and killing animals right in her neighbourhood. 
That seems to be a popular theory, yeah. He and or his family. 
Bonus, there's no risk of your cat wandering into the way of someone's car, being injured in a fight. I would never let my cat roam freely, it's not worth the risks! Ours go outside on collars and leashes in nice weather to hang out with us. 
Nah I'm sure it's doable, but I was thinking that commercial airline pilots probably don't have the ability to ID where it's coming from quickly, they're too busy landing. That helicopter probably can't just jump into the air at a moment's notice and catch them instantly, right? In the time window where the pilots would radio in and say "hey, lazer being shot at me around here" and the chopper gets there, the person's probably stopped.
I remember reading at one point that the boyfriend was/is suspect of being into dealing drugs. There's a theory that she saw something she wasn't supposed to. I'm foggy on it but possibly she overheard him making a deal, threatened to out him.... I also feel like there was a theory that his mother was also involved the, ah, business. When he told his mother that she'd overheard him, the mother might've felt she needed to go. 

BUT I'm foggy on the case. I'm from the area it took place in and I vaguely remember it being hinted the entire family was sketchy, but don't hold me to that lol.
I would imagine it's very hard to get them for it, since you'd have to catch them in the act and to do that, you have to pinpoint where it's coming from and fast before they stop. These dunces know it, too. 
It's on Netflix in the US and Canada. 
My things slowly take over spaces. I'm currently slowly taking control over the bathroom counter, lol. It's not intentional, I'm just bad about putting things away when they get used regularly so they sit out. Also, the hair in the shower, because I shed about five times more than the cat does. I'm trying to remember after every shower to take the hair out. 
I met him on Reddit. We got talking, I decided he was cool. Admitted I was into him, he was into me, boom, dating. After about two years of online dating, I bought a plane ticket to fly to meet him (Canada to a small town in OH). It went well, began flying down every month for a long weekend. After two years of travelling every month, I decided to go back to school which made me eligible for a visa. We live together now. This coming January will be four years officially together, I've now known him over four years. 
> and that I'm the worst gf

"Guess it's a good thing I'm not your girlfriend anymore then, isn't it?"

In all seriousness, sad it's ended this way, but at least you're dodging the bullet before you're out 6k, right?
I know this because it came out when I was in middle school and I remember everyone being like "LOL GET IT? F-u-c-k LOL" as 12-13 year olds do. 
You got out there— that's not failing. Even a short run is still running laps around anyone sitting on the couch. And the jump from 8 minutes to 20 is a HARD one! (Also, even the best runners have off days, it happens, the main thing is you did it!)
So this is kind of where the program branches off, so you can either opt for focusing on time or distance. Most people will find the time easier, since to be able to run that distance in that time, you'd have to be running a 10 minute mile, which is a bit much for most people at that point. 
Manchester definitely gave her a huge boost. I don't say that to make it sound like it was a good thing, I just mean her response to it, the benefit concert, the entire way she handled it absolutely earned her a lot of respect in the public eye. 
The great part about W5D3 is that once you've done it, you know you're capable once W6D3 rolls around, and from there on! 
The main thing is you did it! You've proven to yourself you CAN run without the intervals! 
Thanks! 
Thanks! Feels so good to be seeing the progress:)
That sounds very short. It might be doable, but probably not safely. The Couch to 5k program is 8 weeks minimum. To do it in two months you'd be progressing at almost 3 times that rate. 
I loved that opening! The strut in and the catcalling and shushing and ahhhhh this did not disappoint! I hope they get a good rest now. 
I love Power, but the motorbike part always makes me sideeye. Wtf does it have to do with the song, really?
Good luck! Remember, there's no shame in walking a bit if you still find you can't quite do it all at a run!
I campaigned hard for the cat to be named Aaron Purr. 
I personally only eat a light breakfast and coffee before I run. Usually a piece of toast with peanut butter. Good for energy and protein and plenty filling to me. 
Doing b210k will increase your distance and speed at the same time. If nothing else, it could speed up your 5k pace, if that interests you. 
The 1% of the time for ours is when he's locked somewhere (he tends to follow people into rooms and it results in someone else closing him in not realizing he's there). We came home after a night out to find him locked in the pantry last weekend, lol. 
I'm a huge King fan, so the Pet Sematary jokes were some of my favourite references in the movie. 
Didn't go to an American high school and didn't play sports, but I would think for any trip off school grounds would require a parental permission form to go. I'm 99% sure that was the case at my school anyway. 
They would have parental consent for their kids to be taken, those permission slips make all the difference I assume. 
They have personality just as much as dogs, but I definitely think you need to spend time with them to see that personality more unlike dogs where it tends to be apparent right away. 
My cat is always at the door greeting me when I get home. If he's not sleeping on the bench next to the door, he'll come running and sit in the hall patiently waiting for a hello, or (my favourite) he'll stand on the back of the couch next to the door so he's eye level with you. He never misses greeting you, but he does it silently lol. 
Don't be afraid to slow your pace even more!
"You're over halfway, why stop now? You're 2/3 of the way, you're too far to stop now! Just listen to a couple more songs." Also, sometimes I focus on something else like my breathing for a bit. Focus so hard you're not thinking about how long you've been going for. In that last minute sometimes I count to ten six times. 
Woohoo! You're over the hill now, once you've done it you know you're able to, so I think it only gets easier from there! Only a few more interval days left!
Oh shit I hadn't thought of twitter. Off to bitch my way into a discount! 
The problem is my account is Canadian, as is my payment info. But my school is in the US. So to be able to use it, I have to change my Spotify account to be American. Which means I have to enter American billing info. And to change my PayPal to be American I have to make a new account because existing accounts can't be changed apparently. It's just one headache after another if you go to school outside your home country. 
Hulu isn't available to Canadians so the bundle won't be available. (Even with a VPN, they're anal about American-only. Even with a US address I can't have an account because my card's billing address is in Canada)
Getaway Car is probably the highlight of it for me tbh. I can't believe they released the singles they did and kept Getaway Car locked away. 
I'm still so fucking salty I can't set up student pricing. Ugh. 
I look forward to seeing your day 2 selfie!
I measure it in music. "Just gotta listen to two more songs, you're halfway through this song, ok by the chorus you'll be done". I find it easiest to forget time when I'm just mentally jamming lol. 
Good on you for deciding to make a positive change, your body will thank you for it! And bravo on getting out there, that's the hardest step. This is probably the most positive community on Reddit, so you're in the right place ;)
"Got any NSFW pics?" in even more straightforward terms. 
It could be as simple as you were landing a bit weirdly and that stressed a muscle in your leg, or you could have really injured something. Take a few days off, if it doesn't stop hurting, see a doctor. 
Whenever I see comments like that, I always wonder what kind of response they really expect to get. Has anybody in the history of Reddit ever gone "oh, yes, here you go!"?
A guy associated with their group assassinated a British MP last year as he believed she was a "traitor to white people" for her stance on immigration. 
Did they at least pay you first?!
Agreed. I don't see any way this doesn't come down to a "them or me" situation. His wife is about to become unwelcome in everyone's homes, guaranteed. 
My SO's toddler nephew is an absolute blast to be around. I'm not even a big kid person, and just thinking about this poor little girl just trying to give her aunt a present because she loves her and receiving that is making me upset. :( how much hate do you have to have in you to go so low!?
Hell, if my SO ever hurt any kid deliberately, I'd be out. This isn't even not liking kids, this is being a downright miserable person. 
Swimming and running on the same day? Probably doable, but that is going to be very hard work. Even my old triathlon-running colleague doesn't train in the pool and running on the same day. I am not an expert so take my opinion with a grain of salt, but I think that sounds like a recipe for at the very least, exhaustion, at worst, injury.
Yup. Even if I'm carrying on all my bags (I avoid checking at all costs. I carry a carry-on sized suitcase and a giant purse that goes under the seat), I keep a change of clothes in my bag. I've had them suddenly make me check bags at the gate (not gate check, proper check)
It was hot as balls in my gym yesterday, talk about a tough run. A+ on powering through!
You don't, but if your checked bag gets lost on the way and you don't have it immediately, you at least have one change of fresh clothes! 
Yup! My goal for my next one is just to run the whole way, even if it means I'm slower than I was this time around. I actually feel pretty confident I could have run it if it had been a mile shorter, and on a different course (there was NO flat ground on this, it was all up or downhill). Even my half-marathon running SO said this was the hardest one he's ever run, so I don't feel bad LOL.
If they're Canadian geese, I don't blame you. Those things are ruthless.
Wow, I just saw this now, not sure how I missed it but thank you!!
The beauty of C25K is it's a self-paced program. Nothing wrong with starting over, there's no deadline to be finished the program by! Starting week 1 over just means you can enjoy the easy workouts for longer before it really gets tough ;-)
No way, if you're further along and you skip a few days, you probably don't need to go that far back. How far back you go, or if you can even just pick up where you started and keep going, all depends on you and your fitness level. Some people can get to week 6, drop it for a few weeks, and pick up from there when they come back (with difficulty, surely). Most would go back to week 4 or 5, I'd say. Picking up from where you started is probably even easier in the early weeks. 

They say your level resets fast with inactivity, but taking 4 or 5 days off is probably not enough for you to need  to go all the way back to week 1 day 1. If you do the day you were last at, and you find you're not there anymore, there's no shame in going back a week or two.
Session as in the week? 
I too took a few days off after Thanksgiving, and man my run yesterday felt grueling (I think my gym also had the heat on...). Feels good to get back to the grind though!
I'm sorry to hear about your job— but good on you for taking a negative and turning it into a positive!
I have indeed talked shit with my professors. No picking apart the class or anything but in either class  my professors have vented to me if I stay after hours about a classmate irritating them by not listening or just being generally annoying. 
Marianas Trench's Ever After album is one long story when played in order, you might like that! Short version, the singer wakes up in a fantasy toyland. He meets the king, who tells him about how an evil queen (Carolina) kidnapped his daughter and stole her heart. He sets out to rescue the princess, Porcelain.  The videos for the album all lead into one another as well, they're some of my favourite videos of all time. 
Start the Bridge to 10k program! Even if you don't intend to run a 10k, the longer runs will improve your speed! 
Heard it all the time in Ontario. 
I feel like Dear Lover sounds like something you'd hear on the radio in the US. Its a bit... generic, but I totally do think it could take off over here. 
I enjoyed her music enough, I just remembered being so bored the whole time. 90% was strutting around in heels and 10% was adlibbing to the backtrack. 
It sounds like he lives WITH them. So it's not that he never sees them himself. He sees them every day. 
Tbf, "I hope she's getting better sex, hope she ain't faking it like I did" is pretty damn filthy too 😂😂
Saw someone years ago (I want to say Black Eyed Peas on their Monkey Business tour) where Rihanna was an opener. This would've been before the Good Girl Gone Bad era, she was bigger but not enough that she was above being an opener. I remember she barely sang, a backtrack played while she danced around and sang words here and there. Underwhelming. I'm sure she's better now but that was a sad set. 
If I'm not feeling it, I just tell myself to get dressed. Doesn't require any effort and once I'm in my threads, I'm not going to NOT go because that excuse is gone!
Hey, since you burned all those calories, that means you can unapologetically eat all the food today! Great job, starting is the hardest part. 
Hey just an FYI. Your link doesn't work. You've got a q in the .com!
I will be glad for a break in the 20 next week, I was wiped by the end lol. I did admittedly take it a bit faster than I probably should've (the same slow jog I've been doing the whole time, but evidently it's harder without a walk in there).  So I suppose I'll cut my speed a little more .
General rule of thumb is to inhale and exhale on odd numbers so you're not inhaling and exhaling on the same lead. When you inhale, your core tenses; on exhales, it relaxes. Alternating keeps it balanced. I've heard that every 3-5 beats is about right. (That said, I don't follow it religiously. I just try to keep it consistent so I don't breathe too fast and wind myself faster. Deep, controlled breaths!)
It really is saddening to me. BSB was my first boyband, first cd, and Nick was my first crush! 
If it was that much easier than day one, just think of how easy day three will feel! Great work!
I was definitely starting to bore towards the end. I was exhausted by the end but I think that's a pretty good thing- it wasn't "physically incapable" exhaustion but "worked very hard" exhaustion, if that makes sense?
Feels good knowing 6 weeks ago running for even 3 minutes sounded laughable! I started to struggle at about the 15 minute point, but kept telling myself "just listen to one more song, after the next song you're done" and "you've made it most of the way, no stopping now!"  I'll be glad to have intervals back on 6/1 though LOL
I was I think 19. I never lost it in high school, because I just didn't date in high school and I didn't want to just lose it to a random guy (it's not really that I wanted or expected it to be some special thing, sex is sex, but I just wasn't into hooking up, either. Still not.) I don't really think I'm any worse for it, tbh. Sex is fun but it's hardly the be all end all. 
No need to run the whole way! 
Enjoy day 2! I found 8 minutes even easier than expected. It's so gratifying to see progress already!
That is awesome! I'm a day ahead of you and it really is an awesome feeling isn't it? :D 
It will get harder once you're running for longer. Hence the jog, a hard run will burn you out fast. Resist the urge to run faster because it's shorter intervals and appreciate the walking breaks while they last ;) and yes, three days a week. Every other day. Your body will need rest days in there. 
Go into it thinking positively! Mind over matter, imo. You ran 90 seconds all last week, you can do it again! Don't watch the clock, or it'll drag on. If it helps, zone out listening to your music and it'll fly by! 
An old friend met Scott Disick at an event. He was a nightmare. Showed up drunk as a skunk, refused to speak to anybody, didn't smile once, looked miserable all night, loudly complained about being there all night. 
She's always seemed like she'd be a bitch, to me. The daughters always seemed like they'd be nice enough. Although a friend met Scott Disick and he was an absolute nightmare, so that makes me think Kourtney's probably not so great. 
I'm agnostic, never had religion in my life growing up, it just wasn't a thing in my family or circle. I associated religion with the super pushy "bible thumpers" and always swore it was a deal breaker. Ended up with a catholic-raised SO with a devout family. Go figure! (We don't really discuss faith much, it's not an elephant in the room, he just isn't really a believer now) I'll attend church occasionally to humour his family, "bible study" with his family (really just a family dinner and then learning about the bible for a bit after). I don't mind it as I like his family, and they know I'm not and don't really care to be catholic so they don't "push". 

When I was younger, I wouldn't even *consider* stepping foot in a church or listening to someone talk about the bible. 
Woohoo! Congrats on officially sticking with it! It'll become habit soon and you'll find you WANT to go, lol. That's good you took yesterday off, rest days are important! 
Her whole shtick is that she's not attractive, so she goes out of her way to style herself badly. 
I think the media latched on to her because she's not a "Hollywood hot" woman and still she's "successful" (neglecting the fact that she got in because her family had connections). If she was conventionally attractive, she wouldn't be looked at as some sort of feminist icon, I think. 
He was awful. I just hope he's a nicer person now than he was in middle school/early high school. Seems like a lot of bullies grow up to realize they were assholes and end up nothing like they were in school. 
We do "never have I ever" or sentences for J. Everyone inevitably chooses sentences. Everyone has to add a word to the sentence, and repeat everything everyone's said. If you fuck up the sentence, you drink. So I'd say "once", the person beside me says "once I", next person says "once I went" and so on until someone forgets the sentence. 
Oh shit I loved this game. It seemed so ... realistic to me back then LOL. 
I had prominent front teeth and was dubbed "rat face" by the class bully. Fuck that guy. 
Mine are actually from Coastal.com, same difference though hahaha. For all intents and purposes, they serve the purpose, and they're what I was looking for when shopping for glasses, style wise. 
I got two pairs for $40 online. LensCrafters can suck it, with their $300+ glasses. 
Walking on concrete won't kill them. If they were doing any more than a walk, I'd agree that being on concrete isn't good for their feet, but a walk a few hours a day is fine (speaking as a former horse owner). I wouldn't worry about them working "long hours in extreme heat" around Christmas, either. The horses used to pull these carriages are what's known as "bombproofed", meaning desensitized to noises and spooks— so while yes, it's certainly a risk that the horse might spook at a car or a person startling them, it's not nearly as likely as you think (and again, it's only a few hours a day. Much smaller window). Also, on the weather note, they're animals. In the wild they live in all sorts of conditions. Pulling a carriage around in the rain or light snow is not going to hurt them. As long as the city and handlers are taking the proper precautions, like adequate shoeing for being on pavement, keeping roads salted to minimize risk of slipping, keeping them watered, I don't see a problem with it.
If you still can't maintain a jog for 5 minutes, it's because you're going too fast. Rule of thumb is if you can't hold a conversation, you're going too fast. Slow it down. Your pace might be little more than your walk, and that's fine. Speed comes later. The longer intervals are to build your stamina. 

Edit: also, 3-5 days? Are you skipping rest days? If so, that's probably why you're finding it so tough to do consistently. 
I have never heard anyone complain about an eye colour being too unique. Lol. Generally the more unique, the better. 
Go slower. You don't need to do Week 3 at a faster run. The way to build speed is by running longer, *but later*. If you can't do Week 4, you're going too fast. (And yes, I'm on the same app as you. It's doable!)
That's the only thing I'm still not getting. I suppose it's possible she went back there and joined the community because it was an important place to her son, maybe thought she'd find something to clear his name at some point. Then the actual people who framed him show up, she recognizes who they are, and seizes the opportunity/has a break from reality?
I think Judith staged it to look like one or all of the counselors were picking people off (namely Peter). He hung himself while the other chick was out cold, so she can't verify that Peter DIDN'T kill himself, and he left that confession letter. 
Speaking of the acting in season 1, the main actress's accent was driving me nuts all season. I won't say it ruined it for me, but it irked me that this character from a small Canadian town had a very obviously not-Canadian accent. 
"Pro-abortion" isn't the right term. You're looking for "pro-choice". Very few people WANT abortions, they just want the option to be there for individuals to make that should they decide they need or want to do that.
I think Shoutout To My Ex could've been massive here if it had been promoted more. It's a cheeky, fun bop to belt out in the car that most people can relate to in some way or another. Everyone I introduced it to loves it. 
I've always liked the idea of getting "nobody will break you" from Marianas Trench's "Beside You". I love that song, and the message of that verse: "I'll be right beside you, nobody will break you". 
That's assuming the car is unlocked. I'm willing to bet a lot of the cars seen idling have remote starters so the key isn't even in the ignition. I also know a few people who start it using a spare key and then lock it again using their fob/main key. 
I spent a solid ten minutes last week sitting in my car waiting for my windows to defrost because my old car would not heat up fast enough to defrost quickly and the windows were too fogged up to safely see the road. Ten minutes. And that's with a remote starter to give me a few minutes head start. 
Nah. I get by fine on the basic features. I don't need the music, I use my own. I don't need the calorie tracker, I can use other apps for that (actually my treadmill logs it so I don't need to). The ads don't bother me much, I don't spend much time looking at the app. 
Nah, I'll do the warm up and down walks as a break between it. At least for me, since it's double what I'm used to, I don't want to push it too hard. 
So, I'm in a similar boat, although I was never going to be done the program by the time it came around. I'm going into it fully expecting not to run the whole way. My plan is more or less to just do an earlier week, twice (it's actually a 4 mile race, and week 3 runs totalled about 2 miles for me). So the whole way, doing shorter running intervals just because while I'm currently running for longer, the run itself will be longer and I don't want to burn out. If that makes sense.
Hahahaha believe me, I feel you on this!
I have the Zenlabs iOS app. It works fine for me. 
C25K will be fine for you— I know there are a few high school-age members in here somewhere! 
I also go to a Y, and none of the treadmills shut down on me! I agree it sounds like you hit a preset. I always just press the green start button and set my speed on that. 
It does count. It sounds cheesy, but slow and steady DOES win the race— going too fast will only wipe you out faster, staying at a slow, doable pace is key to lasting longer. Many people who really struggle with running are trying to go too fast too soon. Its ok for your run to be little more than a walk! Running is a totally different movement that uses your body in very different ways. And hey, even at the slowest possible jog, you're still running laps around anyone on the couch. 
That app doesn't log progress because it measures in time. It's not a run tracker, it's just a coach to tell you what to do and when to do it. Assuming you're running outside, try something like map my run. Still not a fantastic app for intervals, but it will log distances and the like. If you're on a treadmill, honestly, just log the stats the treadmill gives you. 
> or otherwise a bad person

You just did, though, bud. "He's kind of a piece of shit". As someone else just said, there's a difference between someone's good friend calling them a name (in jest) and a stranger saying it. 
That's only about 200k though. You think he makes 800 grand annually off mostly donations and merch? That's about $66k a month. 
It was a lovely day out! Cool but not the worst. Motivation to keep going at least! And thanks!
By the last 3 minutes I was just telling myself "you did it before, you can do it again!" Lol. Here's hoping day 2 is a bit easier. I think part of it is I'm more used to treadmill runs as well.  Either way, pushed through it!!
Yes, the more you add on to your game, the slower it will get. An expansion is the biggest pack, so it will affect it more than say, a stuff pack will. How much it will slow your game depends mostly on your computer. It won't be as dramatic as Sims 3, though. Even on my mediocre old laptop, one expansion made very little difference. 
My grandmother's Scottish accent softened after years in Canada as well, because she dealt with people in her line of work so much that it made it easier for them to understand her. My grandfather's is much thicker because he didn't
work in an industry where he had to deal with people as much. Tends to happen, though. Accents change. I live outside Canada now, and my accent is definitely softer than when I'm at home. Accents are weeeeeird. 
I was extra confused since my other cat is also female and I haven't seen either of them having rendezvouses with any of the bachelor kitties in on the block lol. 
My SO and I have used it. He's the cook, so I won't grocery shop without him— he knows what ingredients he wants, I let him handle it. So the grocery ordering is nice if we haven't got time to shop on the weekend, he can choose items online and I can pick it up without risk of getting the wrong item. 

My SIL also uses it religiously. She has a toddler, so it saves her the potential headache of navigating the store with a little one in tow, because eeeeveryone knows how that can go.  
I fucking love people names for pets. It cracks me up. George. Dave. Albert. Jim. 
Age and traits can be seen if you go into your sim's relationship panel. It lists it similar to human sims. 
The only gripe I have is that it's not obvious whether your animal is fixed or not. I wish it said in their info where it lists traits and stuff. I brought in a couple strays and it said they're fixed when they went into heat ("fixed pets can't be encouraged to mate") only for them to evidently be pregnant and THATS why they couldn't breed. (Alright yes presumably strays aren't fixed but I mean. I assumed some could be because sometimes they are irl!)
My cat's an asshole, I like the pixel version more. 🤷🏼‍♀️
Mayor Whiskers turned blue in my game. I'm still confused. 
No they won't, it's been promoted all week. 
Slow down, zone out and stop thinking about how long you've been running, just listen to your music. If you genuinely find you're unable to do it, do Day 2 again and then go back to 3. There's no shame in repeating weeks or days. 
[Their cover of I Will Wait](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RTytQWfcO4M) is so perfect, imo. Their harmonies are flawless, Perrie's voice is easily the highlight of it, her solo <3 
I'm still on 10 and I've seen it. Not sure if it's my phone or theirs.
[Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/titanfall/comments/1z9npl/guide_how_to_use_a_vpn_to_unlock_titanfall_early/)
I read at one point that she knew they were women from hearing their voices. I suppose sometimes men with high enough voices might sound like women, but for both to have high enough voices to be mistakable? 
I've always leaned towards this too. They're not a well off family, he works at Best Buy and she doesn't work. Stage this big thing, miraculously return home, give it time to settle down and the case to stop being investigated, for injuries (or lack thereof) to heal ,and then cash in on media appearances and book deals. 
A pantsless lady. I think she was mentally ill. She sat mumbling to herself, wearing just underwear and a pair of see through tights that I assumed were skintone leggings at first. When she stood up to get off, though, most definitely not skintone leggings.... 
You know what, the feeling of satisfaction after a run makes it worth starting. You'll feel so good tomorrow after finishing Day 1, knowing that you DID it finally and lived to tell the tale! 
Call them early Friday morning and ask if it's there??
Hahaha also Canadian. I remember what a flop Target was! I was shocked by how nice American Targets are actually, I was used to a messy place with limited stock and barren shelves!
Yes, you'll get your key Friday when they're available. I don't think CDKeys gets them ahead of time. 
Yes, in about 2 hours keys start going out!
Cdkeys has it on sale as well! 
Yes, it's in store only. 
I don't think this code is usable for online purchases, in-store only!
Yo, word of warning, I thiiiiink the coupons are one time use. So you might need to grab another coupon code to buy again!
This is my first time purchasing from them so take that with a grain of salt, *however* a good friend who also preordered from them has preordered from them in the past and assured me it's legit. 
Interesting. Maybe someone should let /u/simsvip (I think that's the username) know 🤔
It's also $32 on CDKeys right now. Not quite 50% off, of course. But it's still less than full price!
So, how far and fast do *you* run? 
I'm really not the most well versed in marathons at all, but I think start time in these is based on your group and age range. If they're in the same bracket as her age wise, they would've started together. But, someone with more knowledge that me, please correct me if I'm wrong! 
They are competing against her. One is the second place finisher, Keitany of Kenya. 
Having all the crazy cat ladies. Maybe a crazy raccoon lady, to mix it up. 
Thanks! I was tiring by the end of it but managed to truck through it by concentrating on counting my breathing instead of thinking about the time. It's all in the mind!
You did the race, that's more than a lot of people can say! A slow run is better than no run at all. 
Not sure. I was going off a site that estimated it by the year. 
Woohoo! I finished Week 2 yesterday myself and while it got off to a rocky start, I'm feeling pretty good about Week 3! We got this 💪🏻
My ears, nose, and belly button is pierced but I took it out because it was catching on pants a lot and I began to worry it'd get caught one day at my job where I crouched and stood a lot. Nose currently just has a stud in it but I might change it to a ring this afternoon. 
If considering jogging, I totally recommend Couch to 5k. It offers a set program so you don't need to come up with something yourself and hope you're not going too easy or hard, works you up to running consistently, and to start with it's a mix of walking and light jogging. 
Derma E 2-in-1 Purifying Charcoal Mask. My skin has looked better than it has in years doing it twice a week. As a bonus, it's organic and vegan, if you're into that. And hey, $20! (Got it on sale for $15) I've never used Derma E but it's made me interested. 
16 and 13 is still pretty gross, imo. There's the whole maturity argument, but the gap between a 16 year old and a 13 year old is still big. At 13 you're still in middle school (where I grew up anyway), and 16 you can drive. Imagining an eighth grader being picked up by her boyfriend in his car is just.... *shudder*
Glamglow face masks are my love <3 Thirstymud (blue jar) is great for giving your skin hydration and a healthy glow, and Youthmud (white jar) is good at getting gunk out from deep in my pores (for the record, though, I recently bought a $15 mask from Ulta that's just as good if not better honestly, as my Youthmud). 
Glad to hear that, lol. I replied and then immediately realized my mistake! 
I like the pet photos too. I know some people might be timid to post their sweaty post-run face, and I think that's why a lot of people post their four legged running partner instead. As long as it doesn't become collections of Fido sitting on the couch (versus, say, Fido at the end of the trail you ran), I like them. But that's just my two cents :)
"He's not racist, that's fake news!!1!!!1!!" /s
That is awesome! For the record, though, pain does not always equal gain ;) pain is your body telling you something is wrong! If you're seriously in pain, scaling it down a bit might not be a bad idea— there's no rush!

Edit: (I haven't had my coffee yet. I see now you probably meant figuratively LOL sorry)
How about the toys that start over once the button is pressed? "What does the cow say? What does the c— what does t— what d— wha— wha—...." 
We have toddler toys because of a two year old nephew, and yappy little dogs. One evening we had an incident where the dogs barking activated a noise-activated toy... which made the dogs bark... which made the toy go off... which made them bark more.... I was ready to pitch the toy out the window until I found an off switch. 

Noise-activated toys. TERRIBLE things. 
My stick of deodorant. I always know where it is, and in the odd event that I need to run out the door in a rush and don't have time or forget, it's there to apply. I've totally gotten to work, realized I never put deodorant on, and been so glad i had it on hand to apply at my desk. 
Good good!
Make sure to take a day in between to rest, especially in the early days. It's easy to think "they're not hard workouts, I can do that every day", but that's when injuries happen, when your body doesn't have a day to recover from this new hard work you're having it do! Every other day is perfectly fine.
Two interstates, 76 and 77 in Ohio. In fairness the 55 is in a chunk of 76 that's always been under construction as long as I've been here, so I wasn't even thinking about that. Still, in other sections of it and 77, highest speed limit is 65. 
I'm in neither, and the highways I take daily range from 55 to 65. 
It's not required to have the day off in Ontario. Day off is optional for employers. So, not really a proper holiday weekend. 
Trucks are capable of causing much more damage at slower speeds, though. Their mistakes tend to have much more severe consequences, so they really need to drive with more care than a lot of them tend to. 
Eh. Might vary from state to state, but generally it's about 60-65mph where I am (Toronto native living in the US, hence why I'm still in here, I like to keep up with the goings on at home:)), and everyone is going 5 over, so 65-70. 
It makes no difference whether he's lying or not, really. Now, if he were saying "I was there. My car is ruined. I can't afford a new one. Here's my gofundme to help me buy a new car!", I'd understand giving real skepticism and warning others. But as it is, he's looking to gain nothing and whether he's full of it or not, it impacts no one. 
I know I shouldn't assume, but I won't be surprised if it comes out he was texting. 
I see a lot of people who seem to think if they're quick about it, they don't need to signal. Drives me nuts. I got pushed out of my lane a few weeks back by some idiot moving on into my lane DIRECTLY BESIDE ME, no signal, no warning, not speeding up to get ahead of me or anything. Scared the shit out of me, it was either slam on the brakes on a high speed highway and nope no ones there or move over while slowing to get behind her and hope no ones beside me. Idiot. 
Sounds as though it was a semi that didn't stop, possibly distracted driving. 
I haven't been boosting the pace of the treadmill. I'm happy with my light jog LOL. it just helps me regulate myself. Every once in a while I catch myself picking up the pace a bit and because it's a treadmill, I HAVE to check myself. I'm not minding the treadmill too much, at my gym they look out over the parking lot so I can people watch ;) also, I'm pitiful when it comes to poor weather. The gym means I can't use the excuse of "it's too cold out" or "I do NOT want to run in the rain". Come spring I'll probably get out and explore a bit more:) 
I'm liking it more than I liked running in the past. I think it's because I've got a doable program instead of just going out, running (too hard) for a minute, getting frustrated I can't run for long, and being home in ten mins. The treadmill helps me pace myself too I think. 
Actually if I'm honest, I'm not hating it so far! Getting to the gym is probably the hardest part. Once I'm there I get to watch all the cable on the treadmill tv LOL. I've found myself actually wanting to go even on rest days. 
Gotta find the right podcast! I've had some I just can't get into, and then others I enjoy so much that I can listen for HOURS!

And hey, if you keep an audiobook strictly for running, it could be good for making you WANT to get out there ;) if you get to a point where you really want to know more so you're keen to get going!
What about something like an audiobook or podcast? Something you can get invested in, distract you from the monotony a bit, maybe even make you want to keep going ("I have to know what happens next!"). I like music but it gets repetitive and doesn't help with the feeling of monotony. 
I'm pumped! My SO is a runner so I'm looking forward to being able to keep up a bit more and join the family outings. His family goes on runs and just being left in the dust blows! 
And hey, comment on your own progress all you like! You accomplished something commendable, that's a-ok to brag about i think!  
I plan to! :D as much as I hate the running itself, the feeling after is great. 
A very basic office. She just went ham a few years ago when someone took money from her office, and so had cameras place EVERYWHERE so that it wouldn't happen again— but I have no doubt she also just used them for spying on everybody. I never did figure out where they were (but they were around)
Hah, my Jackie wasn't actually a Jackie!
I think it's worth pointing out— he had 200 *pounds*, not dollars. In 2007, £200 was worth about $100 USD. Not nearly as crazy a price when you factor in ticket purchase price (especially off a reseller) and merchandise if he wanted to buy a t shirt while there, maybe a poster too. 
For the record, Jackie was the office manager. She was mocked because of how unpleasant she was. I'm talking the kind of woman who argues with you about YOUR feelings on something and tells you how you feel. She was the boss who would make you wait when you put in time off requests for open time, decide she wants that time, and then deny your request, every time. She was materialistic and EVERY conversation she'd have with you, she had to drop a hefty price tag to remind you how much she has. She would talk over anybody. She spent her days berating employees (she made one guy cry regularly). One colleague put in their notice, and her first words were "oh, I'm so glad. We've been trying to get you out for 6 months so it's good you're doing it for us!" 

I actually liked her when I started, but she became a genuinely unpleasant person to have around by the time I left. 
I worked for a Jackie. People would make bets on when she'd leave for lunch (shopping), when she'd be back. The morale was noticeably better when she wasn't in, everyone's mood went up. Her vacations were vacations for us too. The Friday game was everyone making a pool on when she'd clock out. Closest one to her time wins. I always wondered if she had any idea why everyone would go from desk to desk quietly, I'm sure she watched (it was no secret she had hidden cameras all over the office. But we all knew they had no sound, because if they did, most of us would've been canned for the things we'd say when she was out). 
Three gunshots, so no way it was an accident, but I could believe it was a moment of panic reflex. He lost control, panicked she might escape, took drastic measures and then realized what he'd done. Killing her shook him so badly he couldn't commit another abduction, as he was never out to kill and didn't like it.

That's my armchair theory anyway.
I've heard it theorized before that the map wasn't an actual map, but a sort of "fantasy" map of his ideal neighbourhood. 
Hmm. Maybe. You'd think with as little to go off, though, that they'd look especially hard at anyone they can identify. Plus, sweeping generalization here-- if there are any relatives "capable" of making something happen to him, I would imagine the family would be able to point them out. "Oh, Uncle Fred's always been kind of weird..."
I just meant Chester was a big, irreplaceable part, imo. 
Even then, I could still see people criticizing them unnecessarily. The only way I see that working is if someone took down all the questions, did a one on one with them, got the answers, and posted it in a thread. Otherwise I could still see people slipping past guidelines. 
On the other hand, it's possible the PSP was taken with him simply because he wanted to play it on the long train ride. I think the PSP being gone is wrench in the hunt but not a clue. 
I could see them not wanting to open themselves up to the criticism they might get for answers people feel aren't just right. People can twist words something terrible.
The only hole I see with that theory, that he was due to meet someone there, like a family member, is that if he didn't show up you'd think they would come forward. If I was supposed to meet my kid cousin, and they never showed up, then I find out they're officially missing, I'd be the first one on the phone. Likewise, if I was supposed to meet even a friend and they weren't seen again, I'd be coming forward saying "hey, I'm the reason they went there. We were supposed to get lunch and he never showed.". The only instance I could see someone NOT coming forward is if they were up to no good. 
I would focus on the endurance, not distance. Build up your endurance and then improve your speed later. The way to get faster is to do both, really. Running longer will improve your pace. 
The good acts make it out of Canada. The bad ones, you Americans never hear of. Lol. 
I just want them to be big enough to get a tour here because damn I'd love to go to a show (I didn't see them on Ariana's tour because I don't care for her enough to see her and couldn't justify the price for a short opening set) lmao. 
I think that they tend to cover different areas, which is why it drives me nuts we can't have both. They've got such different sounds. And yes, I love Move. The Salute album was just so good. 
You get European acts, but a lot of the homegrown acts are really hit or miss, imo. Canadian pop can be so good sometimes, but sometimes it's just... not. 
They got one performance on X Factor a few years back and I was hopeful that that would be the start of success for them in the US, but nope. It seemed like the label thought "well, let's put them on X Factor, they'll blow up, profit...... oh. Still needs a bit more. Too much work." 

Everyone I've introduced them to has loved them, even my non-pophead SO. I think they could dominate here. But instead everyone seems to look at it like you can only have 5H or LM, like there's no room for both. 
Little Mix needs a label who'll put way more efforts into promoting them in North America. It kills me that they're still not big names over here. 
Rest days are there for a reason! Your day off is supposed to allow your body adjust to the hard work you're having it do, especially if you're going from sedentary to running. Going too hard too fast is just going to result in overdoing it and holding yourself right up! 
Hey, stairs are a workout in and of itself— I would totally consider that a fair replacement for an interval or two! See how days 2 and 3 go, and if you can do those successfully this time around, move on. If not, no shame in sticking to it until you can. The program is a great guideline, but there's no rule stating you have to be done by a certain time! :)
👏🏻 I just finished week one myself, good job! Here's to sticking with it! 
That is actually due to how sound carries in such a large, outdoor venue. Someone in /r/music explained it better, but basically to everyone there the sound was reaching their ears in tune to the music and it didn't sound out of sync, but the sound wasn't reaching the mics as fast, so in the broadcast it was delayed. The people towards the stage would've been picked up sooner than people way out there in the back. 
I will be honest. I would rather see them retire the band and take on a new name and the like if they replace Chester. Linkin Park *was* Chester, for me. If they continue as LP, find a way to make the songs work for Mike's vocals. Otherwise, just hang it up (probably an unpopular opinion, sorry). 
I'm Canadian. I got super sick with a nasty bug last year while in the US for a weekend. Since I was perfectly fine when I left Canada, and I was only going to be down here for like five days, I hadn't bothered with travel insurance. I got hit with a fever so bad it knocked me out in the bathroom. My SO was insistent on taking me to the ER, but I refused because of the cost. Now that was eye opening, having to think about the cost of medical care and denying because of it. 
I just hope I can get and stay as pumped as you always are about running, my man! Hahaha
I always love seeing your posts, you attitude is so inspiring! Seeing your progress over time and how you're always so positive is a large part of what got me to finally start the program, so cheers!
I wasn't going terribly fast, just set the walk speed on the treadmill to 3.8 instead of 3.5 in intervals so it was less of a leisurely walk and a bit more of a power walk. Jog speed stayed the same :)
Yeah, I know blocking on social media platforms. I was thinking more in the case of iOS blocking over iMessage and text. I believe iMessage will say your read receipt is sent but not delivered. For text (which this is), I think you never get the messages. If OP blocks him, he'll be none the wiser and she'll never have to see his shit again. 
That's awesome! I'm feeling pretty good so far. Bit sore today but not terribly. 
Does blocking even tell the blockee that they're blocked? I thought it just never goes through to the blocker so you never have to see those texts or calls (unless you're on iMessage, then it never says "delivered"— but this OP isn't)
I think keeping in touch is sweet. It's someone who was like part of your family, presumably. The trouble comes if/when they compare any new partner to that one. 
If anyone screams"90s boy band" here, it's Ryan. 
In all fairness, I'd bet the Kardashians get paid to wear half of what they do. And I'll be honest, even I'd wear just about anything for enough money, I'm shameless. 
I pick and choose videos to watch. I can see how one might get bored if they watch every video. I just periodically look for ones that appeal to me on her channel, watch a few, and I'm good for a month or two lol
As a recent Ohio transplant... hi neighbours! lol. I'm in the Akron area!
Alright, 1. I asked because I wanted to be enlightened. Maybe I am ignorant, who knows, but isn't it better to ASK and try to learn more? 2. She said "getting more" misogynistic and racist. I'm not super familiar with geek culture myself, so I'm not immersed in it— I wondered how it was getting worse. From my outsider's perspective I would've thought it was getting better since more women are getting involved. Again, I genuinely wanted to be educated, not told off for asking. 
The Fall is one of my favourite shows of all time! The different spin on the hunting-for-bad-guy was a nice change (there's no whodunnit aspect, you know all along and watch the cops learn what you know) and the characters were all so interesting to watch develop. 
Hemlock Grove season 1 was great. Went downhill from there on. Bill Skarsgard became the saving grace. 
Oh man I love iZombie so much. It's so different from a "zombie" show, it's a unique spin on it. And I think my favourite part about it is just that they're fully aware of how kooky their idea is and the writers don't take it super seriously, so new crazy storylines work well. 
Huh, I didn't know that's a thing. Interesting. 
Privacy laws? It's a public space. 
My example was because I think saying "if someone shows up to a business meeting in a speedo..." in regards to showing skin is a silly analogy. The original post said "showing less skin gets more respect". In my example, one is showing a bit more skin, in a scenario that happens. Does the one baring leg get less professional respect? (I might be wording my thoughts weirdly, I'll be honest, I'm a few drinks in lol)
I'm curious as to why you think this.  

Edit: why am I being downvoted? I thought it was an interesting observation and was interested to know what her reasoning was. 
What about two ladies in suits, but one has on a one high skirt and one has on pants? Do you automatically respect the one in the pants more? 
Personally, even with plenty of foreplay, sometimes I'm still just not *quite* wet enough. Or, I am to start with, but it gets a bit drier down there before either of us are ready to be done lol. 

Sometimes, it is a sign you need to spend a bit more time down there before, sometimes it's not, and if the latter, nbd. 
I actually did it yesterday. I'm feeling it in my calves today haha. Feels good though!
I'm really not active, I'll go for a hike once in a while or a long walk if dragged along by my runner SO, but that's about the extent of it. In the past I found running way more difficult though— I think I found it easier because I was on a treadmill so I could measure my pace more. I made sure the running increments were still a slower but steady pace instead of rushing like I think I tend to.  
Today is rest day, I just neglected to post this yesterday after completing it :)
It is indeed. Search C25K in the App Store! It's the Zen Labs one. 
I think it's the fact that a lot of people say "if she's turned on enough, she'll be super wet". Then if you might worry your partner will think you're just not attracted enough, when it's not that. Kind of like if a guy is having trouble getting hard. 
I'm gonna disagree with you. Sometimes, it does hurt, and it does bleed, and that doesn't mean your hooha isn't working right lol. It hurt for me at first, came to learn that I needed to be, ah, well-warmed up first. Didn't bleed much, but it wasn't painless the first while. 
See I got that tea was like, drama, and spilling the tea is like gossiping. I just had never seen it used in that context so I was thrown lmao. I figured stan is like support/being a fan of. And I already got shade/throwing shade. 

It's too hard to keep up when you're not in high school. I need to find a teenage girl to update me once a month on these newfangled terms, I think D:
I think stan is like "support" but I have no idea really LOL
And it's not like the show lacks in representation. I can think of at least 3 confirmed gay (bi, maybe, in the case of Moose) characters, and there are rumours swirling that Cheryl might sway a bit too with a female love interest. I don't really see a need to make them a thing lol.
The sad part is it's not that long ago since I was a teenager, lol. 
I finally get how my parents felt when I was a teenager. I didn't understand a word of that. I still don't get what context "tea" is used in, and what is "stan"?
I remember when Lili Reinhart (Betty) finally had enough and said "Camilla (Veronica) and I are not going to happen!" And was absolutely shredded for being homophobic. Nah, guys, not homophobic, just not going to happen because the actresses are not gay. 
She's dating one of the lead actors, who has a love interest on the show. So naturally the crazies think she's standing in the way of him being with the actress who plays the love interest irl. 
I do that too. I lived in a city where red lights are treated like a suggestion half the time. I never assume people are gonna stop, whether I'm a pedestrian crossing or driver at a green. Always wait a moment to be sure everyone's stopping!
Another RTX in another part of the world?

RTX TORONTO!? 🙏🏻 
I always consider using the mediocre French I know to say "sorry I don't speak English" but with my luck, the person will know French too. 
I have a British friend. I was so confused when she'd call and the first thing she'd say was "you alright?". I remember being like "..... why wouldn't I be?" Until she explained that it just means "how are you?". 
It's not about not seeing them again, just gotta stay wrapped up in conversation with other people at least until they find someone new to talk to. 
My SO once grumbled about the cost of them, I replied "you know what costs more? Children" ... his tune changed immediately lol. 
Did you also think for a moment that she was saying her grandmother was 4 when she was born? Cause I did, and wow was I confused. 
Flow of traffic tends to be between 5 and 10 over the speed limit is what I've noticed driving in the US. 
Jesus Christ. 70!? At least you weren't in the car. 
Nope, what's that?
Generally with volcanoes, by the time you know "it's about to blow" it's too late. Scary shit. 
Probably not, nah. 
The problem is there isn't a warning that "it's going to go off in a month, guys". You could see these warnings and have it go off in a year or ten or twenty. No way to know. It's not really feasible to evacuate everyone when you see these warnings, because there's no guarantee it'll be any time soon. Kind of just have to cross your fingers. 
Not only that, I know he's not going to remember pretty much any of it lol. He doesn't really care that much about my friends' relationship issues, he's not going to go telling everyone. Plus, the friends I discuss relationships with are good friends that aren't in our immediate circle here. No one cares about a friend in another country they don't know's beef with her boyfriend even if he did repeat it. 
No idea. I'm no expert on Yellowstone, I'm just in a geology course right now that's covering volcanoes so all this shit is still fresh in my mind. It's only broad topics though, no one specific volcano. 
Don't worry though, that wall would surely HELP everyone! All you naysayers now won't be laughing then! - Donald Trump ^^/s
Basically we'd be pretty well fucked. Volcanoes are very, very difficult to outrun, especially when it's that massive. Unless you get the fuck out WELL before, you're not getting away. Volcanoes don't just emit lava, they emit gases that travel too fast to escape from (200km/hr I wanna say off the top of my head) that will kill you, no question. Something that big would have an awful lot of it, too. 
I mean a large chunk if not all of humans would be fucked. Winter aside, the volcano would wipe out billions. 
He got poison ivy on his junk. 
There are seat belts in some seats, tucked in there. Just nobody uses them lol. 
I didn't quit then but when my favourite coworker gave her notice, my former manager said to her "oh, it's a good thing you found another job. We've wanted to replace you for the last six months." That was the point at which I decided I needed to get the fuck out. Never understood how that could seem like an even remotely fine thing to say to someone. 
It won't just explode at any moment, there'd be some warning for sure. But an eruption by it would wipe out the better portion of the continent and cause a volcanic winter. There was an article recently where they used to believe it would take something like a few hundred years for the conditions to line up for it to erupt, but recent findings show it takes a much shorter time period for it to get to erupting conditions than previously thought. Like within a few decades. Basically, they thought it was nbd since there are no indicators it's getting to an erupting point and we'd get hundreds of years warnings, but it *could* actually happen within a lifetime. Article, if anyone wants to read expert reports on it and not some idiot on Reddit https://www.nytimes.com/2017/10/10/science/yellowstone-volcano-eruption.html?_r=0
My SO's brother's girlfriend complains about her "best friend" who she claims to actually dislike all the time, then shortly after will post all over social media about how much she loves her best friend. She's complained about their sister before, too, then posts about how she loves her. I like her, but I take EVERYTHING she says with a grain of salt and I'm well aware she's definitely said things about me too to everyone else, so I dont tell her anything I want kept secret. 
I imagine the news wasn't that she was pregnant, but that she had had the baby. 
I always assume their partner's gonna hear it, unless I specifically say "don't tell them". Of course there are some things that I know without asking should not be shared with my SO, but 99% of the time, he's gonna hear about it. 
This might blow your mind, but... it's possible to "worry" about more than one thing at once! I can worry about things going on around me at the same time as i worry about the starving children in Africa!
I'm with you. Once they got into the electropop stuff and ditched the more hip hop sound, I was done. I loved Elephunk and Monkey Business and nothing lived up after that for me. 
If that dog isn't named Puppywise, that was a missed opportunity and I am disappoint. 
Probably also doesn't come back because if he did, it would open a wholeeeee new wave of "omg Ray was in an AH video HE'S BACK WITH AH!"
They seem to be that couple that never really breaks up, ever, so doubtful. 
I feel like they did. And then got back together. They seem really on-again-off-again. Shame, I think he could do better. She's always seemed obnoxious. 
She once said in an interview that she doesn't see herself ever dating again, that Steve was "her one" and she's done. 
My old colleague had a cousin who was married like 4 times. The first three wives all died. It wasn't until years later when a relative was like "..... wait. Three mysteriously dead wives?" And looked into it that they put two and two together.
God, I cringe thinking about the shit I posted at about her age. I can't imagine if I'd had a big platform of followers. 
Sure. I love my makeup, but not everyone wants to wear it. Banning mandatory makeup wouldn't mean the ladies who want to wear it can't. Absolutely people should come to work looking presentable, but you can look polished without makeup. It's not required for men to conceal their blemishes or undereye bags, why should a woman?
The only job where I could see there being a real point to required makeup, is in cosmetic retail. I totally understand requiring someone selling makeup, to be wearing at least some makeup. I would admittedly be more inclined to trust someone who clearly uses makeup's opinion on products over someone who isn't wearing anything. 
"You will be using 'to' to express ratios most of the time..... what is the ratio for 1 and 1?" "1 to 1" "wrong, the correct answer is 1:1". Ffs. 
You're being "dismissed" because you're coming off very hostile to an OP who was only looking to commend someone. Now, I took OP's use of "well spoken" to be saying she knows what she's talking about, isn't using a ton of buzzwords, and isn't all over the place, not "wow for a black person she talks good!" That said, if you'd come in a bit less hostile-sounding, your comment might've been received more warmly. "Hey, I don't know if you meant it like this but saying blah blah can be offensive because generally it's said with negative connotations" "oh, you didn't mean it like that, cool. Just thought I'd point out for future reference that the wording could be misconstrued". 
She was complimenting her on knowing her shit. Chill. 
Maybe where you are. My family used to run a bus company, they weren't technically employees of the school district. They just provided buses to them when necessary. 
That is a current policy. 
Makes sense. The bus company needs paid. School board's gotta pay them. School board has to recover some money for it somehow. 
No but irl in the show Archie and Veronica were together maybe a day when Fred was shot. 
I can't do spoiler tags on mobile, so **ADULTS SPOILER INCOMING**-

I kind of chalked his lack of fleshing out up to them not wanting him to be a fan favourite since he doesn't really play a part as adults. He dies before they go back to Derry. I could see them worrying that people will love him only to be pissed when he's gone before all the action starts. 
And lots of sexy Pennywises. 
I think he was a decent actor, just not given much to work with. 
I'm usually happy to chat but I used to fly regularly and would always fly home arriving late at night. I'd always be tired and just done by the time I was off the plane, through the airport and out of customs. I'd take an uber home and they'd always try to talk and it was ALWAYS so annoying. Like, look, I get you're trying to be friendly. But buddy I've just spent five hours on the road, running through airports, it's midnight, and I'm tired. Pleeeeease let me browse my phone in peace. 
And totally validates some other women's comments above where they say they don't usually discuss it with men in their lives. This. This is why. 
I kind of think the constant "on alert" thing is an Americanism. I'm also Canadian, and I've never really thought much about my safety or surroundings specifically. That's not to mean I'm careless, it's not like I don't think about being safe, but I don't worry about going for a walk at night unless there's something that gives me a reason to worry (stranger acting strange, something happened nearby recently, etc). My SO is American, though, and I live in the States, and his family is much more cautious. His sister won't walk around the corner on her own because she's been conditioned to worry. 
Nobody stays quiet anymore during movies. I went to IT a few weeks ago and a girl and her mother were talking half the movie. Not even trying to be quiet. We finally lost it halfway through and my SO very loudly and dramatically shushed at them. Not a peep out of them after that. 
I started playing an alien sim just because I realized I'd never used them. Turns out, they're pretty fun. I keep her in disguise. She's a politician trying to master the career and lead the humans. Every once in a while someone finds out she's actually an alien, but I erase their memory before the secret gets out. Sometimes I like to pick fights just for the fun of it, then wipe their memories and reset the bar to 0 so they forget all about our beef.
I hate camping, tbh. I send them for a day and after a couple hours I'm tired of it and I'm like "......... wanna go home now?"
Watching locked out vampires stand hissing at the locked door is brilliant lmao
I think the scenes with her imaginary self and Gerald were well done. It's hard to do a book that's mostly in the character's head justice. They needed to run through everything, going through all the options, and they helped explain her backstory more. Why she panicked when he handcuffed her, why he had no idea why she reacted the way she did, etc. 
I just watched the movie last night having never read the book (I need to, though), and holy shit I think I felt all the colour drain out of my face when it hit me that he was actually there, realizing when she walked towards him and out, he had actually been a random man standing there, in the corner of the room. I dunno why it chilled me so much, I guess just imagining thinking I'm seeing things myself and finding out it's actually a stranger in front of me. 
You can complete quests, make friends, woo a lover, mine, fish. 
If I remember right, the guy is banned from Reddit as a whole. Not just one sub, the entire site, and that's not an easy achievement. 
I dont think she was? She left when she had Webber's baby, and returned after giving her up. She committed suicide later. 
He did? I couldn't remember if they'd called him Dr. Anderson or not and was kicking myself for not catching it if they did. I'm glad I didn't just miss that.  
Maybe he's a half brother? Mom had him with a first husband, then married Anderson and had two more kids?
Oh I took that as her just meaning she's his mother (as is Ivy) and so she needs to be near him. Kind of like how if there's a crying kid, a woman who doesn't even know the kid might feel compelled to go help, yknow? 
Mine was complaining "I though this was American HOROR story? Where's the horror?!" He got his horror alright. 
It's so cool but I hate it. I know for a fact I'm perfectly safe on it but I still can't bring myself to stand on it and look down. Nope nope nope. 
You could download a mod to allow adults to get teen (part time) jobs. 
Aw man, everyone comes to Toronto after I've left! Props to them for doing the Edge Walk, I still can't even stand on the glass floor and look down because it freaks me out (and I'm not actually too bothered by heights)
I'm currently doing 3 online/in person hybrid courses and one online course. I much prefer the hybrid courses to the fully online one. They require being there during class hours for lectures, but all of the coursework is online so it can be done where and when you like. I like it more simply because I do better with some sort of set time I have to be there for, where I'll get work done. I know from experience I'm terrible for doing the work when it's completely online and there's no human to interact with you, and I don't like not having a person there to ask questions to. I hate having to email my professor for my online course and wait for a day for a response that hopefully helps, it not, you're emailing back and waiting another half a day before you can proceed. In person, you ask a person and have an answer and can carry on in ten mins at most. 
That is my favourite and least favourite case. It just blows my mind he's still unidentified. People have been caught for and with way less.
I realize this is an older thread but thought I'd throw it in— there's Major Applewhite, and also one of the show's creators or producers (name escapes me) had a crush on a guy in high school named Major apparently. 
There's also a football player turned coach named Major Applewhite. I'm 99% sure I read at one point that his name was inspired him (but I can't find that now so take that with a grain of salt). 
Aw I think she's cute. She's reminding me of Penny Pizzazz a bit.
In high school we ordered a couple pizzas. The place was maybe 20 minutes away, half hour at the absolute most. It took a good four hours to get it. Like, the place's customer service line (it was a chain) closed a good two hours before we got it, so we couldn't even call about it. We called multiple times before they closed though, and made sure they were going to be free when we got them because at that point it'd been a couple hours. 
But... it's still a legitimate ID. A passport's a passport. 
Well, step one would be get a president who isn't determined to cut back on the very thing they need to stay after graduation and work here— visas. Also, can confirm, foreign students pay the out of state rate lol.
I'm so conflicted cause they're probably the best looking of the Vlad babies I've seen but they're still on the funny side. 
I've always had cars that auto locked the doors once you take it out of park. It's never crossed my mind that other cars don't have that! I usually have my doors locked after I'm in it though, even if I haven't started my car yet— I sometimes sit and answer texts for a few minutes, check traffic, pull up directions, before I hit the road so I'm not going to make it any easier for someone to jump in while I'm not paying attention. 
You seem to have very strong feelings about it. I wasn't really saying they should or shouldn't guard it, I was just commenting on how it wouldn't be difficult for someone determined to go. 
Totally. I go to the Falls a fair bit, and I've never seen a guard patrolling along the edge. If you were to move fast enough to avoid anyone grabbing you, you could go over the rail and be gone in seconds. I can't imagine what an end that would be though..... shuddering just thinking about it. 
At the very least, she knows more than she's let on. 
I think she's fine and it's staged to incriminate Sarah Paulson's character. After all, right before, she was there and furious over the guinea pig, threatening them. Doesn't look so good. 
Maybe like "removing the pussy grabbing hand"?
I think it's totally fine to ask. When you press the matter, that's when it's not ok. But simply asking "hey, did I miss something?" isn't worthy of being basically crucified over it. 
It's so good though. The difference is they have no technology and the hunted work in teams, so the Mantracker has to track them based on clues they leave behind (footprints, broken bushes, etc). He has to catch both of them before they make it to a finishing point and I believe he doesn't know where the finish line is. So he can catch one person but they can still win if he doesn't catch their partner. 
Ok so I don't know jack about this girl and this is off topic but what's with her username? I always assumed her name was Sarah.... awkward 
I'm curious whether it's ploy to further fuck with Ally. Things don't look great for her after the shit she had said that night to them. 
I have a [trimmer](https://www.amazon.ca/gp/product/B00141DEAC/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o01_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1) I got off Amazon for like $20. It wasn't expensive, and it's literally impossible to cut yourself on which is fantastic since that is one area you do not want to nick. Two years later, still going strong. I have multiple girlfriends who have the same one and they also all swear by it. Edit: ok, it's more than $20 (I could've sworn it was less, maybe the price went up) 
You know, I was about to share this with my friend who's looking for couples costume ideas........ but then I realized I think I want to keep this in my own back pocket because I love it LOL
I've talked my SO into going as Michael Jackson and his girlfriend in Thriller. I just have to find him red pants and a suitable Thriller jacket (I half want to make one, since the only cheap ones I've found look especially cheap) and I'm on the hunt for leopard print jeans and a denim jacket, and I'll pick up a red tank top at Forever 21 and find red heels somewhere. Fairly cheap costume, minimal makeup required, and I finally have an excuse to try to fake perm the shit out of my hair and wear the most retro 80s makeup lol. 
"Oh, no, I've actually just been laying under my car waiting for somebody to help me! Thank GOD you're here, it's been ages and it's so hot under there!" - how I can only imagine he expected it to go. What a tool. 
A lot of cats present their bellies so when you pet it they get your hand. I've got one that only likes belly rubs from me, anyone else she wants nothing to do with even if she's the one who rolled over. 
Meanwhile, I had my bag torn apart in security once because they saw my "scissors" on the X-ray machine. I didn't have scissors. It was my iPhone charger. Somehow the way it was wrapped up looked like scissors to them??
I keep random strips of fabric knotted on it as well to a buckle. There's a chance someone might have the same tag as me on the same colour bag but nobody's gonna have the strip tied to their bag in that spot as well lol. 
Probably the one bag left. 
I'm always slightly worried I'll grab the wrong bag and make off with someone's stuff, or someone will grab mine. I keep obnoxious ribbons tied on my bag just to help differentiate it lol. Someone may have the same tags as me but do you have the random red ribbon tied to the buckle on the side and the zipper on the front?
They were going to edit wonky eyes onto him, then Skarsgard demonstrated he can do it himself and they went with it. 
Well, to be fair, Junk and Fergie weren't. We just forgot about them. Chase wasn't terribly successful either. 
I don't know anything about guns so bear with me— shouldn't the safety be harder to knock off? I would think it'd be stronger so if it gets knocked by an item moving around in the purse with it it won't let go, and if it can be it shouldn't be used. Or is it really that easy on most guns to flick it off?
You know illegal immigrant isn't a synonym for Mexican right? Not all Mexicans are illegal immigrants, not all illegal immigrants are Mexican. 
A wall is a stupid solution. 1. Majority of illegal immigrants are people who entered on completely legal visas and overstayed it (never left). 2. It covers one edge of the country. It isn't going to keep out people immigrating illegally from anywhere else. 
Is it slowing it down? Wondering if it might be best not to update my Air 2 but man it looks snazzy. 
To be clear, did it just get bad? iPhone 6 is known to have battery issues. Is auto brightness on? Is your phone muted?
How would it be on my Air 2? Slow? 
Sell the dog, use the money to replace your iPad? 
To be fair, I've caught my boyfriend's cat trying to gnaw on my iPad case as well. Avoid pets in general? 🤷🏼‍♀️
I have a 6, I shouldn't update then? 
Facebook is only "open to public" if you let it. Update your privacy settings bruh. 
The new Galaxy tablets are actually not bad. Then again, the only people I know who have them are casual users who just use them to scroll Facebook on the couch (hey, no shade, that's mostly what my own iPad is for), not hardcore tech junkies, so they're not using them for anything complicated compared to say, someone using their iPad for work.
Hmmm. I'll have to try that when I have the phone with me one day. It's not a new software, I wanna say iOS....8? 
If the phone has never been connected to that computer before, it won't sync I believe. I just went through this myself because I have an iPhone I don't remember the passcode to and I've since got a new computer it has never been synced to. I'm the owner of it and I still can't wipe it. 
On iPhone, you can send texts via Siri without unlocking. Typically requires a name but "Text Mom" is a pretty good guess, or "call home". 
iCloud locks can only be removed by the owner, there's no way around it. If the owner puts it into Lost mode on Find my iPhone or blacklists it with their carrier, the phone is a brick. It's only good for parts or selling to suckers on Craigslist who don't try it before they buy it. 
You can only wipe a locked iPhone if you can connect it to your iTunes, iirc. If you can't get into the phone, there is no way to wipe it without getting into it, and there is no way to get into an iPhone you don't have the password to. It's not doable. 
It's from [Casemate](https://i.imgur.com/fWIaV1a.jpg) (I'm due to clean under it, wow). It's just a clear one. I don't remember the exact name. It has a bumper around the side and a hard plastic back. It's held up well. It's a year or so old and the bumper has yellowed a little along the bottom where it's most exposed and the plastic is scratched because I'm not gentle; it could stand to be replaced but doesn't need to!
Depends how confident you are. I'm fairly tech savvy but when it came to my $800+ iPhone I wasn't touching that sucker. All it takes is knocking one thing and you could make it much worse. 
Does your card have an American billing address or Canadian one? I remember Target rejecting my card online because it was a Canadian billing address, even with an American shipping address. 
I can, that shit's expensive and people are clumsy. I went YEARS without ever dropping my phone and then one day, during a day trip, the bag it was in dropped and WHAM, my screen was done. You never know. 
I too like to see the look of the phone I'm paying for. That's why I have a clear case. My phone design isn't hidden, and it's safe from scratching and wear.
Duty and import fees. Any items worth over X amount are supposed to have a tax paid on them. Speaking as a Canadian, the number varies based on how many days you spent in the US. On the forms you're given as you enter Canada, it asks for a dollar amount for how much you're bringing into Canada. If you're bringing two items you bought for $20 each, you'd write that you have $40 on the form. Ie 3 days, you can bring in up to $400 worth of items without being taxed, if you spend 4-6 you can bring in up to $800 worth of items untaxed, spend more than a week and you're allowed up to $1000. (NOTE: these are not actual numbers, I know this, Reddit. I haven't crossed the border from the States to Canada in a while so I can't remember the declaration numbers off the top of my head). If you're caught not declaring items, you pay the duties and a fine. 
They wouldn't use an item from one pack in another pack's buildings, since if you buy that pack and don't have the other you'd be missing items in the premade lot. 
Gotta love the English language, am I right?
People are probably looking at his tweets, not Likes lol
Nope. Still there. It's in his Likes tab, not a tweet. 
I see your point, but I don't think that's for a group of non-black people to decide. 
So did I. It didn't even look like he tried to backpedal. There was a scandal in the beauty community recently (way off from gaming, I know) where a makeup YouTuber dropped the word (minus a hard r) in a Snapchat. That girl at least had the good sense to immediately backpedal. 
That is going to bite them in the ass one day real hard. 
There is no accidentally saying a word you don't use in your daily language, full stop. I've accidentally said words I'm not supposed to before, but it's never been a word that's not in my vocabulary! He absolutely uses it off camera. 
You can't "accidentally" use a word you don't use in your day to day language, end of. 
If it's "just a word", why do you need to use it then? There are thousands of words in the English language, you can afford to use something else. Maybe you don't get why it's offensive, but it's well known it is. It costs you literally nothing to use another word. (Not YOU, the people who argue it's "just a word!") 
I dunno, it's a new cinema chain to me. But the kids were with parents accompanying them. 
Speaking of, BC Ferries is another one that badly needs some competition. The ferry system there is sad. Their motto might as well be "BC Ferries- because what the fuck else are you gonna do, swim?"
There's a reason a lot of Canadians have seen more of the world than they have of their own country...
Yup. 
Air Canada and United are the same company. 
Also his name is Bill and in the beginning when Georgie's boat goes into the gutter, he says "oh Bill's gonna kill me!" Obviously had nothing to do with the actors name, but I found it amusing. 
So basically even if you don't have an account, they have access to virtually everything anyone could need to know about you to fuck you?
Wait, you don't need an account with them for your information to have been compromised? So even if I've never used them, my information could still be out there?
He was hardly talking *over* her, she was nearly yelling in his face and waving her finger. I'm very far left as well, but there is no discussing anything with her. She is the type of person who will get in your face, goad you, and the second you open your mouth to respond, cut you off and keep going. 
Nah I'm willing to bet she doesn't know the difference, a brown person is a brown person. 
YES! I am so happy to see it doing so well. They've finally done a Stephen King adaptation justice and I'm stoked!
There was a good deal they changed and cut. I like both plenty, but they weren't 100% adaptations either. Also remember they cut the largest book in half as well. 
There were at least three groups of 13 year olds in mine.. one group brought blankets and all had their feet up on the back of seats in front of them with the blankets across them, and one at the end when Beverly and Bill kissed shouted "I TOLD YOU!" To her friends. 
That was a jump scare done beautifully, imo. My whole theatre jumped at that.
Love this! Do you mind if I use this as my wallpaper?
I was under the impression that overcharging is a myth now, on today's devices keeping it on a charger has no impact on your battery. 
I flew regularly, United had the only direct flight to where I needed to be and the most conveniently timed. So I flew with them. Sorry not sorry. 
Yes. 
Nah me either. I figured he was making that as propaganda to fuel the immigrant hate. 
Okay, I now see what you were saying, my man. Tone is hard on the internet. However, gonna disagree with you, he wasn't explicitly saying the kid is. Just that she's a brat. 
If you watch the show, her mother is actually just as fucking awful as her. Her poor kid doesn't stand a chance.
Farrah is the mother. Sophia is the child. He said Farrah is the disrespectful one. 
Hell, my comment didn't even do her justice. To give examples, I seem to recall one season where she didn't even want the film crews in her house to use her toilet, so she put an outhouse outside for them. She doesn't speak to anyone without rolling her eyes and talking over them. 
I'm not necessarily for Hillary Clinton; I'm not a citizen, so I couldn't vote one way or another. I just thought I'd point out that your argument as to why she was a bad choice just described him to a T. 
It made her fragile, so she can be set off at any time by her phobias. 
She did backdoor porno a few years back. She's downright unpleasant to everybody— parents, producers, her child, other castmates on the show, her latest boy toy. 
You know you just described Donald Trump, right?
Nah, it's said she's been an anxious mess since the election. She's easily triggered since. So all it took was the comic book to set her off. 
I think it was the original but I don't remember. It had purple packaging but it was a small clear bottle (it wasn't a big bottle, closer to rollerball size). I'd check but it's the one fragrance in my collection that didn't make my latest move with me, it's packed away somewhere right now because I've never worn it and probably never will after the trial run lol. 
I worked in a very old hotel (oldest one in the city). We'd see shadows out of the corner of our eyes, especially at one particular staircase. In a few particular rooms I always had this uncomfortable feeling of being watched (later I realized that each of those rooms were located right above or below the others). Doors that were firmly shut opened themselves when there were most definitely no people around to open it..... twice (fire escape at the end of a dead end hallway, no guests were in the hallway or any of the adjacent rooms, there was nowhere anyone could have gone). The only other people with master keys were at the front desk two floors down and next to me, so it's not possible a colleague opened them to fuck with us and dashed into a room next to it until we were gone. We were literally a minute away around the corner. Guests reported things turning on in the middle of the night, like tvs. One reported seeing a figure in his room in the night. 

My two most prominent direct experiences were the day I heard people moving around in a room, but when I entered there was no one in there. There was physically no way they left while my back was turned or something. I heard them walking about in the room, and I needed in to clean, so I knocked to no answer, repeatedly. After at least three tries, I let myself in and it was completely empty. 

There was also the day just before we closed our doors for good, I was the only housekeeper in, my manager had had to take care of some stuff, so it was just me and the front desk guy three floors down. I was cleaning out a room, right by that particular spot I always felt like I was watched in. For no particular reason, I started to feel nervous. Ignored it of course, there was nobody in the building but the front desk guy and I. Then it just got worse and I started feeling this overwhelming terror, the only way I can explain it is, it's how I imagine prey being hunted feels. It was a room in which I could look right down that one god damn hallway, and I kept watching expecting to see someone come peeling down that hallway at me. There was no rhyme or reason for it, and I've never felt that feeling before or since. I lost my shit and decided that I was done for the day and would finish the rest of the cleanup the next day when my manager was back. 
iZombie is one of the best shows CW's had in years. Unlike a lot of CW shows, it knows it's a silly plot (zombie that blends into the living and gets memories from brains to solve crimes) and doesn't try to be a soap opera. 
Wonderstruck, that's it! I think the turnoff for me was the freesia. I've never liked anything with freesia in it. It just has a kick to it that doesn't agree with me. 
She's talked about it before and with Nikkie, as have Khloe and Kourtney, that when they were young teens their dad put them in makeup classes with a pro MUA because he figured if they're going to get into makeup, they might as well know how to do it well. 
I was surprised how terrible Taylor Swift's one was. I've liked some pop star perfumes before, but I got a bottle of hers one year for Christmas (Love..... something. Love Struck?). At first smell it wasn't bad, but it becomes so headache inducing after 10minutes of wear and only gets worse as it goes on. 
I remember when I was about 16, I worked seasonally at a clothing store. There was a direct knockoff Bieber perfume (smelled just like it, but 1/3 of the price). Some dickhead smashed a bottle of it in the fitting rooms area and oh my god the smell was terrible (so strong). It completely killed any desire I had in that fucking perfume, smelling a whole bottle of it all day. 
Riri Woo is the only lipstick I've ever owned doubles of, because I loved it so much I HAD to have a back up. 
I wear flats. I just buy all my shoes with enough room to fit orthotics in (Dr Scholls inserts) to give my feet some cushion and support my (non existent) arch. 
Robbie Kay! Would love to see him too
I want to say they might be in wall decorations vs plants, but I don't remember for sure without looking at the game! I really do believe they're just base game though, I know I have them and I don't remember them having a pack icon. 
I'm 99% sure they're base game plants! 
Kathleen immediately said "oh I just said the N word", then Danny and Kathleen both said "don't post that, you can't post that". Drunk or not I think she had to know full well that posting it was stirring a pot. At the very least she was being a total snake and opening a box. 
Of course it's a word that Kathleen, at least, uses regularly. You can't just accidentally say a word you've never used. I've accidentally said words I shouldn't say in that moment before (read, swearing at a bad time) but they're all words that I use regularly (”shit!" Around a kid, for example)
I've never listened to this song, always skipped it when it popped up on Spotify. But seeing all the hype around this performance, I gave it a watch and I lost it about halfway through when all those people were on stage with the shirts on. The one girl was sobbing and I was just done in. 
If a white model for a company as big as L'Oréal said "all black people are racist" (well, any race, but using those specific ones as it's a direct reversal of this situation) on her social media, it would be all over the news too, let's be honest. 
I wouldn't say "don't make money" but it's certainly hard to make ends meet. I've seen creators say they've taken a 50% pay cut from what they were at say, a year ago, while they've got even more subs. 
Hell even non violent games are being demonetized. I've got friends who do YouTube, of building in The Sims, who had their stuff demonetized. A fucking townhouse being built, demonetized for being "not advertiser friendly". It's a head scratcher alright. 
I'm impressed. I'm Canadian with the most neutral accent and my Siri still can't understand me half the time. I tell her daily how I wish I could fire her and replace her. 
No, they'd have to rework all of the clothes, or make some items "teen only" or "adult only". 
Possibly she panicked? The combination of the dark trunk and the shock of being shot sent her into a fit where she couldn't find the latch? 
Ooh, good, at least I get to see him in something hahah
Shit I would've loved to see Jacob, I liked him in Spider-Man. 
Wtf. What happened? 
You know. The "have stuff ready and waiting for me when I get home" part sounds awesome. Maybe I'll use Google Maps' "follow me" feature on my commute home for that, LOL
It's fantastic. You get a whole profile on your driver so you have an idea of whose car you're getting into (it gives you a name, a photo, their rating out of five stars, their car make and model, their license plate). Your card info is kept on file, so at the end of your ride there's no sitting there for five minutes in awkward silence as they plug your fare into the card reader and you hope they do it honestly. You just get out, and it bills your card later. 
I rarely take cabs versus Uber but I got into the habit of snapping a pic of license plates and car numbers when getting into a cab if I take one, and sending it to someone. Not as thorough of a paper trail as Uber, but it's something.  Started doing it when I got a ride from a cabbie hailing me as I left the airport, I was exhausted and needed a ride, and he was right there so it was faster than calling an Uber. 
I remember a couple years back in Toronto, the cabbies protested by completely blocking up a main highway. An ambulance came flying back towards the hospital with its lights on and sirens going and they still didn't move, jamming the ambulance. Needless to say, they didn't help their cause in the least. 
We had to implement that rule, too. Only, it didn't work, the slob who was doing it kept doing it.
My old boss gave me shit for being too generous with pens. Her reasoning was "we'll go through them too fast" and it would cost us so much money. Cause you know, buying a few packs of Papermate pens every 6 months will bankrupt this company that makes wellll upwards of $1m in sales a year (I've seen paperwork). So I wasn't allowed to hand out pens, I had to tell everyone who came looking for one to go find one laying around.
My old boss gave me shit for being too generous with pens. Her reasoning was "we'll go through them too fast" and it would cost us so much money. Cause you know, buying a few packs of Papermate pens every 6 months will bankrupt this company that makes wellll upwards of $1m in sales a year (I've seen paperwork). So I wasn't allowed to hand out pens, I had to tell everyone who came looking for one to go find one laying around.
Ellie hasn't been around long. Give it a bit and the nasty few will become more vocal, once the "shiny newness" wears off, unfortunately. 
Also the ability to try to steer searches away from anything that could lead to you. "Guys, I last saw them North of here. Let's search there" when you killed them south of your location, or so on. 
No disrespect but I think that just because there are other cases doesn't mean any other one should be put on a back burner. Instead of saying "don't study that case, study this one!", let that person study the one they want and publicize your case yourself! 
You clearly already have feelings about the game. I doubt owning it will change that for you. 
And, it'll be woohoo-in-able. Heh heh. 
I get the funniest looks when I wear sunglasses on overcast days. Like... yes. It's not super bright. But it's bright enough. Sometimes I suck it up but for a while there I was on dilating drops to keep my eye dilated due to an issue and oh my god I could barely walk past the window at work without sunglasses, much less go outside without them. 
I'm so disappointed the thread is deleted. 
YES he was my first thought too! He was downright scary. 
It's possible they didn't want to get any more involved than they needed to be. Maybe they were afraid if the police knew they'd made the call, they'd become a more prime suspect. Or that they'd be in trouble for calling police to the scene and when they arrived there was nothing... afraid it'd look like a false alarm, yknow? (I realize these all seem like stretches, but if it was a teenage cashier, I could see a 16 year old following that logic) 
I feel like I've heard before that dumping bodies in the sea is actually a pretty lousy way to do it. They pop up more often than you'd think. 
I did a stretch much like this in high school dance and we were told to very slowly and very gently apply pressure to our partners shoulders. We'd ask constantly "are you ok? Do you want to stop? Are you done?" And the second they weren't confident about going further we let go. You didn't go far enough to hurt them, you just used the bit of pressure on your shoulders to help you get lower into your split to be able to do it even farther. 
Also about the EAR/ONS is Hunting a Psychopath, written by one of the detectives on the case, Richard Shelby (forewarning, Shelby is no professional author and didn't have much of an editor, so there are lots of typos scattered throughout the book. Doesn't bother me, personally, but I know some people have a harder time letting things like that slide).
The same dog was graying at the vet so it definitely seems like they have different life stages too. 
I can't wait to have all the cats and never have children again. Crazy cat ladies for days!!!
Editing and filters. 
Oh okay. I didn't know that. I assumed they were cutting through the US on their way to Canada, I admittedly haven't really done much research on the matter. Today I learned! 
I'm about as liberal as it gets, and even I'm not all for welcoming in EVERY refugee who comes knocking. I hesitate because I really do want to help them all, but we've got freakin veterans who have spent their lives in our country, devoting their lives to protecting Canada, who are living in squalor. We've got citizens we can't even help so they end up on the streets. I'd love to help foreigners, but first things first I want to see our people helped before we help everyone else out. New refugees have it better than many citizens. 

As for the refugees coming up from the states.... come on. You're already in the US. You're in a "safe" country, setting aside that Haiti is already considered fairly safe. You don't need into Canada. 
Well, to be fair, immigration is a big part of Canadian identity. A laaaaarge part of Canadians are either immigrants or only second generation Canadians. Unsurprising of course since the country itself is only 150 years old.
I paid at least double that to insure an older car in BC with bare minimum coverage, simply because I was a new driver (19 at the time, I wanna say). ICBC is an absolute bitch to deal with, and they know they can charge you whatever they like because lol what else are you going to do, you have no alternative. I'm not denying there's an issue with insurance rates in Ontario but having one sole insurance provider is not great.
Candy is so much cuter without that awful hairstyle she comes with!
Can you imagine how apeshit the internet would go if she did a Let's Play? 😂
Whoa whoa, you mean to tell me that you don't *have* to listen to every line of conversation in a two hour podcast?! /s
Definitely, the discrepancy seems to be less in "what happened" and more in "who was it?" (Paulus helped  vs John helped). I could see John saying Paulus did it when he actually did it, try to sound less involved than he was. Easy to blame the dead guy, he can't deny it. 
Okay, read the DM article. The story sounds very different on there vs on the Today article in the OP. the OP article makes it sound like john helped bury her, DM says Paulus VDS buried her. Weird. 
I remember that! Did they ever find where those came from? 
I really think it should be one of those viral posts that gets shared around on Facebook. Somebody somewhere would recognize him. 
I don't know, I didn't read the daily mail article, I read the one linked. In the one linked, the informant dubbed "Gabriel" gave them the name of the supposed accomplice. The supposed accomplice isn't named, maybe it's "John", maybe not. It just says the person "Gabriel" named had claimed to have helped get rid of the body, and given that they did find a body where he said it would seem he did likely have a hand. It doesn't say when or where Gabriel got the information he passed along to the authorities. 
The informant didn't have knowledge, he sent them to someone who did. "Gabriel", the informant, gave them the name of a man who claimed to have helped VDS dispose of her body. 
In the article it states an informant pointed them to a man who was friends with VDS who claimed he helped dispose of her remains. It was that man who pointed them to where the remains were found. The accomplice didn't come to the authorities, the authorities came to him. 
I feel like it's possible he was going to meet a total stranger, and didn't tell anyone because he knew his parents wouldn't allow it, and didn't tell his sister because he knew or at least believed she'd tell his parents who would, again, not allow it. "I'm going to meet Buddy, he's a good guy, but mom and dad will say no. But I mean, he's my friend. I'll tell them where I was after and then they'll know he's not a bad guy, since I met him with no issue!". I know as a teenager, I didn't tell my family when I met total strangers from the internet (granted, I met online friends in public spaces and in basically every time, my best friend knew or was with me) because I knew they would be very much not ok with it. 
Still. Leading them to a whole new crime directly, not through an anonymous note or anything, is just an extremely bad idea. They've got a new murder to investigate and you're suspect number one, and you were already being looked at in ANOTHER murder. You were an accomplice in one, now you've helped dispose of two bodies. 

It's entirely possible but I just don't see it being likely.
My hair isn't even curly, but it doesn't really even have a regular part right now, it just falls where it falls most days. Sometimes it falls with a middle part, then I sweep it back and it's more to the side. 
They found human remains though, and while I'm not an expert so maybe there's something I'm missing, the friend of VDS's would be a fool to lead them to ANOTHER body I think. "Hey, here's another murder to investigate that I look very guilty in"
Or his friend told him they'd give him a ride home so no need for a round trip. He refused the return ticket at the station because he had no doubt his pal would pull through and drive him. 
Spa day is great if you're into modern style decor, if you're into build and buy. I don't use the gameplay in day to day play aside from yoga. Parenthood has more "quaint" decor, and has gameplay you use regularly. 
I once mentioned Lindsay to someone who has never even heard of RT (I can't remember how it came up, I wanna say it was the Beyoncé baby belly spoof) and the person came back a few minutes later and went "oh! That's the voice of Ruby Rose!". It was a cool moment. 
It's a huge bitch for sure. People who are doing better than ever, are making less than they were a year ago, in a time where shit just gets more and more expensive. 
Totally not RT related, but.. Does that mean you won't be around to kick it with James, Zeuz and the boys? I dunno how far your folks are from Sydney, so that might be a dumb question if they're like, twenty minutes out lol. I've been a James and Zeuz fan for ages so watching you all together is great. 
I've lived in a couple different cities in the last few years and don't remember if it was X city or Y. 
Now i feel bad. I showed my SO this AMA and to ring the bell for him I just went "Waaaaaaalt....." myself. I'm sorry Mi— Harold.

Edit: also, just wanted to say... I just watched Lost for the first time last year and loved the shit out of that show. Thanks for being part of one of my favourite shows. 
Yeah, a city I used to live in banned Airbnb because of it.... I can't think of where it was exactly, I just remember seeing it on a city subreddit. Anyway, they had to ban it because no actual residents could find rentals. The landlords all wanted to rent on airbnb because the money is better in short term rentals versus a monthly renter. For the landlords, it's great.. for anyone who actually needs a home, not so great. And that's just the financial side, that's not even considering how obnoxious tourists can be to the neighbours.  
I read the other day about a guy (in -I wanna say- Toronto) who's the only tenant in his entire condo building. The rest of it is Airbnb rentals. 
Cmon, he meant what consenting adults do/enjoy and you know it. 
I never finished Someone Knows Something season two but it seems painfully obvious Lavoie is behind her disappearance. Ugh. 