He performed a magic trick?
Thanks, Yosemite Sam. 
TIL cats can be gay. 
Sorry I was making a joke. There’s a song called Luka. 

http://www.metrolyrics.com/luka-lyrics-suzanne-vega.html
Does he live on the second floor?
Thank god for affirmative action.
Not really, m'lady.
Hakuna Matata.
Hamburglar.
Bring back the Model T.  In Black.
The PD in my town used to have Chargers.  But they need more cargo space, so switched to Explorers.
I can't honestly say that a wireless charging case would be something worth waiting for or upgrading to.  I only have to charge my Airpod case once a week, and I just plug a Lightning cable into it for 30 minutes and it's fully charged.
I have a pair of [MPOW Cheetahs](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B013U54BFG/).  For just over $20, they are a very good value.  I will still sometimes wear them when I run on the treadmill at home. 

 
No thanks 
> but it does appear that marriage is becoming more of a contract than an expression and unity of two loving partners.

I have certainly said this many times.   In the least romantic sense, marriage is just a business contract between two people that they will be financially responsible for each other.   Because unmarried people can live together and raise children together.   And married people can have no love towards each other and not live together.
Agreed.  But if the woman gets remarried, and the new husband is wealthy enough that the woman doesn't have to work, then she has no income.  As far as the government is concerned, she is unemployed.   That kind of sucks.

Maybe taking into consideration whether the woman is on WIC or some other need-based government assistance should be used to determine child support amounts.  In my example, obviously the woman isn't on welfare even though she has no income.
It's definitely a screwed up system if the government forces you to financial obligations, but won't force the woman to require some visitation rights (assuming the man wants it).
If you are paying child support, don't you have the right to see your child?  She can't prevent that visitation, can she?
CHEE-HOO!!!
Ronda Rousey apparently switched over to WWE for the money.  She's not a very good actor for WWE though.
I thought it was Snorlax. 
Amazon Prank- stick a dead body in your trunk and have Amazon deliver a package to your car.  
You might be think optician. 
Someone please repost.
You know what would be fun? Running across the top of the semis from one side to the other.
Looks like a delorean 
This was one of those rejected Disney plots.
I was expecting her to be yapping in Spanish.
Looks like rural Indiana too.
As you bag the item, the bags are on a scale.  I believe the computers know a general weight of an item, so you can't scan a loaf of bread and then try to sneak a whole turkey into the bag.
Protip: Be less Asian
He was trying to ketcham all.
Oui oui to the Wee.
OP is going through his history and deleting old posts.
We will remember his face well on reddit. 
Bubble Fett isn't a catchy name.  I'll stick with Boba.
Playing devil's advocate.  What if the kid broke his arm as the result of the teacher swinging him to the ground?  He then made the situation worse.
Ivy Tech
Yes
I read the title as "...Indiana woman takes her life..."
I actually stopped pirating music when I signed up for Apple Music.  As a family of 6, it costs $2.50/mo/person for access to unlimited music.  When companies offer content at reasonable prices, people will start paying for it.
My brother recently divorced his wife of 18 years.  She was bipolar and had borderline personality disorder.    He mentioned multiple times that he didn't divorce her because of her illness, he divorced her because of her verbal and emotional abuse.  That, and she cheated on him 4-5 times (that he was aware of).   He had to deal with this for about the last 8-9 years of their marriage.   It took a toll on the kids too.  After the divorce, I could see obvious positive changes in him and their kids.

The only advice I can say is to stay on your medication and seek regular therapy.  



That’s asking for a serious [Poseidon’s Kiss.](https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Poseidon%27s%20Kiss)
Dude, man.  That's not good.
Relevant username. 
I’ll take 112 Bezo$ please. 
ಠ_ಠ
Must have been a miscalculation into freedom units. 
Toyota calls their high end package Limited.  Honda calls it Touring package.
RemindMe! 3 years
/r/poorpeoplehate
Well shit.  That's why I want a truck even though I have nothing to haul or tow.

But then I come to my senses and realize I can get two nice used cars for the same price.
ba dum, tiss!
No thanks 
I lol out loud often.
U Can't 
Is it because you can smell the B.O. and perfume?
Now I'm hungry for Taco Bell.
[Did you try Pull-a-part?](https://www.pullapart.com/inventory/search/?LocationID=18&MakeID=17&ModelID=154&LocationPage=true)
For starters, it’s like communism over there.  If your opinions don’t align with their overall sentiment, you get your comments removed or you get banned.   
I was so hoping the Toyota behind it was an unmarked police car.  Disappointed. 
RIP kid
My wife and I have always had joint cards. We've been married for 20 years and all of our finances have always been combined.  Both paychecks go into a single account.  

That’s me playing golf.  Ultimate swing.  Ball rolls along ground 50 feet. 
[relevant](https://youtu.be/vJjeesteTEg)
Just don't put $19 worth of clear coat on it.
Y'all are talkin' gay and shit.
Then is a cucumber a picked jumper?
I thought a pickle is a pickled cucumber.
Very much so.
Holy shit.  I bet she's fun at parties.  
Good bot 
wouldn't that just be /r/AskXMen?
Be careful.  Your post may be deleted for derailing.

Oh wait...wrong sub.
I hate them because once I posted a question asking for a woman's opinion of an issue my wife is experiencing.  They deleted my post, saying that I couldn't ask questions about personal situations.  I can't remember what rule I broke...maybe 'the self promotion' one.

Fuck them.

One of the mods will probably see this comment and ban me for complaining about them.
Your post have been removed for Derailing.
Your post have been removed for Derailing.
Your post have been removed for Derailing.
Trying to eat a PITA in the car. 
My kids probably deserved it. 
That was my understanding.  Whatever correction is needed to focus to your retina with clarity would be same correction for someone to look outward with clarity.

IANAO

It’s a sad fact.  People complain that manufacturing jobs are going overseas, but they still want their $300 4K TV.  There’s no way we can make a 4K TV in the U.S. for that price. 
Possibly may have tapped he dog, but not hard enough to knock the dog down. 
Americans and the insurers pay the most, so big pharma can offer the same drugs to less fortunate countries for pennies on the dollar.
I've never dropped the f-bomb in front of my kids, but I guess that's just me.
Someone earlier said the state's borders are pre-traced with white crayon.
At least pink is closer to red than it is to blue.
When you eat that, your shoes fly off and you die.
Yes. You can’t even tell it’s on a busy street.  
What guy drinks mimosas?  Probably sipping some Hardy Perfection cognac. 
Correct. I am not. 
White River
Is your band name Pecker Brown?
But he gave her the ultimate gift that keeps on giving.  What a generous guy. 
just off the meds, man.
But what about the chlamydia?  it's a std wheel of fortune.
I’ve worked for a company that had PTO and “reserve sick bank”.  The sick bank accrued for your entire employment but only could tap into it if you were sick for more than 3 consecutive days. Otherwise you had to use your PTO for sick time. 

I don’t think companies are allowed to not pay out your PTO even if fired because you’ve earned it.  My other “sick bank” was not eligible for payout. 


How does an applicant that got turned down for a job find out that their previous employer disclosed “not eligible for rehire“?  Do they ask the perspective employer the reason why they didn’t get hired?
I was wondering this too. I know several companies that will do this. My wife’s coworker was given the option of 12 weeks pay to resign.  She took it.  
So what happens when you do know they took a screenshot?  Is that any better?
nope not me.
I own bitcoin.  I bought in at $2500, so I'm still in the green.  I am not bullish on bitcoin, but I take a long position for the entertainment.

Good grief. 
>	because if someone’s not paying much attetion and suddenly look at the truck

They should get off their damn phone while driving. 
Patriots? That's why those cats look deflated.
Chicken
Kitty has a thyroid condition. 
Nigerian Prince and Snake Whisperer. 
/r/HumansBeingDukesOfHazzard

Travel time to Amazonia is two days, but it’s free!
How else could you find a Pokémon and Minecraft shirt for yourself.
I understand you’re pro-Bitcoin, but saying fiat is worthless is just a dumb statement.  I bet in the past week, you have spent more fiat currency than bitcoin. 
International Space Station.
That’s the cause, not the treatment. 
No thanks. 
You mean the ‘hands’?
Looks like my wife’s springboard.  No rhyme or reason on organization.  Whenever she installs a new app, she leaves them where they land.  She has to search for an app whenever she wants to use one.  😖
Cops have to act like they are trying to catch him but in actuality, they don’t want to have to deal with a greased up naked guy. 
I got in when bitcoin was at $2000.  So I am still in the green.   I am holding on to stay vested because it's fun to see the up and down emotion of people.
I personally think Bitcoin was the proof of concept for blockchain technology which has a very promising future.   I unfortunately don't think Bitcoin has a promising future.

What happens with Bitcoin theft?  There's no one that can or will help you recover them.  Local law enforcement isn't going to do shit.   It's still the wild west out there.

Disclaimer: I do own bitcoin. 
They can tax you.  That's something.
Thanks, Kool Aid guy.
The 3rd picture looks like Dave Chappelle.
I own bitcoin but not more than I can afford to lose.  I bought in at $2k.  I don’t expect it to reach $20k at any point this year. 
“bullSHIT run approaching”
fis.hy stuff
I sat like 3 feet from to a Rubik's cube master.  
Wayne, Addai, Collie, Clark, Manning, Saturday.

Be still my beating heart.
[Gap unveils new "For Kids By Kids" clothing line.](https://youtu.be/OXb3dzNLebk)
There is a Sheltons on I-74 before you get to Ohio. 
Brokedancing 
“BONG HITS 4 STUDENTS”
I was being sarcastic.  Plastic can't conduct  electricity.  It's possible for plastic to have static charge, but what little it has would likely discharge into the ground.

Cat probably just got spooked for a different reason.
>For investors, however, that only means a massive rebound is on the horizon.

"Experts" are spreading their ass cheeks and pulling this info out of their buttholes.
Yes, plastic is very conductive.
I was just stating that if no one eats animals that exist solely as a food source, what need is there for these animals to exist?
This is @catmantoo. 
Touchdown!
To do it underwater requires a masters degree. 
On a serious note, if no one ate cows and pigs, there is no need to keep them around.  They don’t make good domesticated pets.  Do we want wild cows?  May as well sterilize them all and have them go extinct. Is that what vegans want? 
“SWEEP THE LEG!”
He’ll end up being a basket weaver grand master. 
How else can you afford avocado toast and craft beer. 
I was curious what he's up to these days.  Retired from Canadian football in 2016.  Currently working for a company that does concussion research to assess and diagnose based on evaluating a person's speech.
I see Bitcoin as a collectable, much like artwork.  There's no intrinsic value in it.  The price is driven up by speculative interest.  
Does he like his dick grilled or boiled?
No it was Mr. Ed.
Now I feel bad for buying a pack of ground chicken.
I thought money was for nothing and the chicks for free.
ITT: a bunch of dads
Red sharpie. 👌🏼
Is that R Kelly's subreddit?
Reminds me of [this.](https://i.imgur.com/kqRNO6M.jpg). A couple splitting up their collection under the supervision of the court. 
Hi Mr Shamu. 
I told my wife that hackers are going to publish her weight online. She didn't think that was funny. 😂😂😂
Exactly.  That 12-oz cup is probably 89c. The 32-oz would be 99c. 
Frugal people are entitled to a 99-cents luxury item once in awhile.
I think it will hit 2k before it hits 20k. 
Nigerian Prince has 50,000 BTC to offer you. 
My dad had season tickets for the first three years.  If I recall, the face value was $20 for seats that were 27 rows up.

My wife always wants me to drive.  But I have to deal with directions too, because she is terrible with directions.  So I am fidgeting with the GPS to set the route before we leave, and she gets irritated because we are sitting in the driveway and we haven't left.  

Edit: To add, it's her car but I drive, because she has the bigger family vehicle.
You should work at taco bell and get the tuition fully paid. 
> The last thing we wanted was to report a car stolen when a customer legitimately had it rented. 

Holy shit. That would be soooo bad.

[Amazon Flex](https://flex.amazon.com/) allows any joe blow to sign up to deliver packages.  Doesn't have to be a delivery company.  
Car may have been reported stolen already if cops ran the plates.
If it was a buddy, I wonder if the thief got caught, he would rat out the buddy.
Why not Semi-Pro?
The move is called the "Fabulous Roundhouse". 
Just call everything "The i". 
Sign me up!
New Summer Olympic event.
I am curious of the naming convention of the 2018 iPhone line.

* iPhone 9
* iPhone Xs
* iPhone XI
* iPhone X2
* The new iPhone
* iPhone 2018

https://i.imgur.com/m65aYtE.png
The New New iPad.
[Found a close up photo.](https://i.imgur.com/JtYqgDa.jpg)
I think popularity of Chromebooks have drove the price of iPads down.   Personally, I think that iPads are not a good tool for middle and high school students.  I would hate to have to type a paper on an iPad..
Seems like it should be more than 6th gen.

* iPad
* iPad 2
* iPad 3
* iPad 4
* iPad Air
* iPad Air 2
* iPad ($329)
* new iPad ($329)
Is that bad?  Asking because I don't know how it affects screen quality.
Almonds have tiny nipples. 
Gravity. 
I have a tabico.  Part tabby (stripes pattern) and part calico (marble pattern).

https://i.imgur.com/l0d08rQ.jpg
Is little Maci a tabico?
He should be a school resource officer.
The moment when the catnip kicked in. 
https://i.imgur.com/caMm6N8.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/caMm6N8.jpg
Now everyone in this post is going to jail.

Open palms = \#MeToo
Is kava kava a code word for marijuana?
RemindMe! 10 Years "Bitcoin Nostradamus makes a prediction."
Me so horny, TI-99/4A.
That's pretty gay. 
Oops... my intention wasn't a check buying tip, but more that if you put something in a shopping cart and walk away, the company may give you an incentive to come back and finish the order.
Stupidest thing I've heard today.
Hmm.. so the white kitten is a full grown cat by now.
It wasn't my first order.  I placed an order 4-5 years ago.  When I attempted to order again, it wouldn't let me use the promo code.  That's when I abandoned the cart to look for another check vendor.
It's a payment box that you drop an envelope in.  I don't give it to a person or get a receipt.
[Checks Unlimited](https://i.imgur.com/JmiSHuL.png)
They do, but then you have the inconvenience of actually making a separate trip to the school.
Chances are better with sites that often use coupon codes.   You'll never see a promotion with Amazon.
I didn't buy through my bank.  It was a third party check company. 
Yeah, book of 200 checks can be about $20-30.   I probably write 10 checks a year.
Don't know why you got down voted.   Some payments I have to make to my child's school is either to (1) drop off a check or (2) pay online with credit card + 2.5% surcharge.

Interesting.  I went to the @BillMurray Twitter account and it doesn't have a blue checkmark.  Additionally, the profile says "I AM NOT BILL MURRAY. This is a parody account. This account is not in any way affiliated with the actor Bill Murray."


Doesn't the little blue checkmark by his name mean it's a verified celeb?
I read it as "LeBron". 🙄
You don't know how to cook it then.
It's just one of those "foreign holidays" to give Americans a reason to drink.    Cinco De Mayo.  Oktoberfest.  
Those Mike & Ike pills do nothing for me. 
No. Too busy wiring money to a Nigerian prince. 
I'm blaming it on the medication.
The few times I do pick up a call from a random number, I just usually wait about 5 seconds before saying 'hello'.  Often, the other side has hung up by then.
Typical Pete.
Get off your ass!   Me too. :(
You must work somewhere around [here](https://www.google.com/maps/@39.7761742,-86.1616573,44a,35y,88.31h,78.65t/data=!3m1!1e3).
Username is 'bryanadams'.  PIN is '7569'.  
Classy Chassy
It looked like it was panicking trying to find the flusher. 
GAAAYYYYY!
Now I'm a thousandaire!
Many self checkout kiosks have a spot where you can dump a handful of change into it.  It's not just a coin slot.  I've dumped as much as $15 worth of change into it to pay for part of my groceries.   I'll do it at less busy times, because I don't want to be a dick and hold up the line.
Sign me up!
Then, no thanks.
Probably make a profit too.
It's called ["Taking a Slater"](https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Taking%20a%20Slater).
Last month, I bought a clearance suit from Jo A Bank online for $69.   It was a nice suit and fit well.  https://www.josbank.com/clearance-suit

I don't know if you'd get it in time, but just for future reference.

A couple notes.   

* Whatever jacket size you buy, the pant waist is 6 inches smaller.   So a 40R jacket would come with a 34 inch waist pants.
* Pants will have to be hemmed.   Waist may need to be adjusted too.
* If the photo on the website has the man wearing a vest, it's not included.
What a fuckwad 
Spoken like a true heroin user. 
Yes I totally agree.  I too think the administration should have gotten involved, so the kids can also see that the schools won't tolerate gun violence either.  
My child had an exam when this took place.  No one in the class left.  The school does not have to allow someone to retake a test because they left the classroom unexcused.
I think you got down voted because they didn't like what you had to say.   The First Amendment protect speech, but doesn't protect consequences.   The school has every right to discipline for truancy.  

As the ACLU states, what the school cannot do is to punish a student more severely for political related truancy vs non-political related truancy.  [[Source.]](https://www.aclu.org/issues/free-speech/student-speech-and-privacy/students-rights-speech-walkouts-and-other-protests)

Edit:  Good grief.  In the spirit of Reddit, downvoting are intended for comments that do not contribute to the discussion, not because someone disagree with a comment.  But whateva.
The little white bar on the right is triggering my OCD. 
I know this is going to be an unpopular comment, but why not just euthanize the dog.  It has no jaw now, and I can't image it having a good quality of life.
Someone has Sherlock Holmes in their marketing department. 
I don't consider your tip to be dishonest.  If they have measures in place to prevent abuse (i.e. registering for a 1-day pass), I think it's perfectly fine for someone who only visits a few times a year.

If a store doesn't have measures in place to prevent abuse, they need to.

I received a queen Aerobed as a Christmas gift 18 years ago.   They are a little pricier than a typical air mattress.   But it still works today.
I posted a similar 'tip' awhile ago, and people told me i was being a cheapskate.   They mentioned that a majority of profits come from membership sales because the items they sell are on a very low margin.

Although I didn't know that you could only use Costco Cash card twice a year.  How do they keep track?
Get a good grip. Rifle shoots out more than bullets. 
Let’s do it!  Change.org
Okay, I'll take some 2010 200K BTC please.
OP has a flux capacitor.
My chickens watch Netflix.

TIL
Serious question.  German Shepherds are obviously dogs, so why is it common for the abbreviation to include 'D'?


If you are using Apollo app, you can drag your finger left and right on the image to scrub backwards and forward.

Aww it's sleeping.
My wife goes “Winnie the Pooh” - t-shirt and no bottoms. 
I see chubby Ryan Reynolds. 
Be a Kardashian.
I heard that the video is 15 yrs old so the dog is probably dead 
I’m surprised YouTube didn’t ban this video.  Obviously animal abuse. 
But the kid is going to try it again when the parents aren't around and she'll get smashed. 
The weight loss is from the money in your wallet. 
Did we make top 50?  Yeah!  Then all is good.
If you autoclave a turd, it's still a turd.
Your animal husbandry class doesn't count.
Not Cosmo?
She's Jesus With Big Boobs
Believe it or not, the Fruit Rollups are generically referred to as [fruit leather](https://www.diynatural.com/how-to-make-fruit-leathers/).  Less common, I've even heard it referred to as fruit jerky.
That link is pretty gay. 
Definitely not fruit roll up (i.e. fruit leather), which is made from fruit puree.
Here's another one for a backup.

>Woosh
I prefer to see it as "Indiana makes the top 50 best states for quality of life".
I had to google that.  It does look like her glasses, but these came from a stuffed animal.
I was told some dryers measure the level of static in the drum to detect the dryness of clothes, and that the dryer sheets cause a false reading, so I've never used them.
We have about 6 loads of laundry a week.  It's not practical to hang dry that much.
Thanks, dad.
Diarrhea is a McRib effect too.
Were those fresh or pickled jalapenos?
Hipsters
[Squat Magic](https://i.imgur.com/nTEzas5.gifv)
He ded. 
The car must be cursed. 
New meaning to “March Madness”.
My kindle doesn’t smell like anything. 
The Orange Fingertip Gang
What about the Andy Mohr girl?
Atta boy.
Not 500k?  Are you still a skeptic?
So anyone still think BTC 100K by end of year? 
What do they call the person who graduated last in medical school?

Doctor.
Parent here.  At many schools, this is a full ride for you.  You will graduate with no debt.   Many kids will spend the next 20 years making "house payments" to pay off their school debt.

My parents paid for my college.  I can't even remember if I thanked them, but as an adult now, I am truly indebted to them for this gift.   I have saved for my children's college.  I can afford in-state tuition.  Just like when I was 18 yrs old, my kids probably won't grasp how much money a four-year college education costs until they start paying their own bills.

Being "too rich" for financial aid doesn't mean they can afford a $50k/yr tuition.

Most popular major.
Typically a beer or bourbon at home.  When we go out, it's almost always beer. 
Never.  I rarely have more than one drink.  
Football would be an hour earlier.
I'll drink to that...on Sunday.
I've always liked Charleston's filets.   They are an under-$30 place.  Everything I've had there is really good.

There's one in Castleton (I-69 & 82nd) and Carmel (US31 & 146th).
Was your first purchase the Macarena CD single?
I actually have been an Amazon customer for that long.  I can't believe that 20 years has passed.

https://i.imgur.com/KJInGRs.png

So you didn't sign up for Amazon in 2015?
In October 2017, there was some shoddy patchwork in that lane, but apparently the patchwork has come apart.

https://goo.gl/maps/aoYnnPcMpat

2/21/18 @ 9AM:    Police are blocking the shoulder on EB I-465 just past Allisonville Rd after three cars blew tires when they hit a pothole

https://twitter.com/FOX59/status/966312009988964353
Were you asking "How do i check my account?" or "How has it been 20 years?"
Tastes like chicken.
DoggOS?
An upvote with your regular account. Another upvote with your porn account. Another upvote with your other porn account. 
I am thinking of turning it off. It sounds somewhat like a camera shutter, and I’m afraid people might think I’m taking pictures of them. 
Two more DUIs and they can have training wheels in front. 
I do four months equal to my take home pay (I make more than my wife). It’s unlikely that both of us will lose our jobs at the same time.   But if I lost my job, I’m sure we would be penny pinching and be able to get the fund to stretch to six months. 
Well shit.  I didn't know that was bad etiquette.  I just turned it off.

Should I be turning off the Lock Sound too?  (setting is right underneath the Keyboard Clicks)


/r/ColtsCreepshots
Woah, did someone invent transparent clay?

/s
I went to look at one of the suspected fake reviewers, and they reviewed like 5-6 Apple Lightning cables in one day. And each review was super vague.  “I liked the length of cable.”  “Worked perfectly.”  “Bought them for my mom.  She loved them.”   
Install the browser extension.  Once you go to the Amazon item, click on the extension button and it will take you to the Fakespot page for that item. 
!RedditSilver
Why would I commit to buying a car without knowing the final numbers?  

“sign here to state you will buy the car”

“Okay. Signed.”

“Awesome.  Your car costs a million dollars.”

[This is an impressive pitching arm.](https://i.imgur.com/sMOVCZt.gifv)
We have a grumpy cat. Why do we not have an angry cat?
It's a Pokémon.  The Pyongachu.
I'll take two
<3 Austin Collie
Is that a fingerprint sensor on the back?  It's so close to the camera, that you are going to end up accidentally putting a fingerprint on the camera lens.
i was actually joking that the last cat that "died" was due to a grenade casualty.
The last cat that died there ruined the tiles, and they couldn't find a siimilar replacement.
We had freezing rain the night before.  My daughter's car had an 1/8" of ice covering it.  I spent 30 minutes melting and chipping the ice off all her windows last night.  Spread some salt on the driveway so she wouldn't slide.  This morning she got in her car and left for school.

She has no idea what condition her car would have been this morning if I hadn't done that.  All is cool.
[Lucas Oil Stadium Tour.](http://www.lucasoilstadium.com/visitors/getting-around-los-tours.aspx)

It's a great tour, even if you're not a football fan.  Since the season is over, the field may be gone.  During the season, it was cool to take a family photo on the horseshoe at the 50.    I've done the tour twice, and saw different things each time.

It's only offered on weekdays.  Not too expensive either.

Edit:  just saw that you're only looking for activities on the weekend
Make some Top Ramen at home. 
I look forward to the opening of their new sister restaurant, Prime 67.
It was cool, but not $7000 cool.  It was maybe $1000 cool.
If their existing cell phone uses a nano SIM, they should be able to pop their SIM into the new iPhone, as long as the iPhone is unlocked.

[This graph](https://www.ibj.com/ext/resources/IBJ-Print2/2017/073117/carmel-debt-bars-inside.gif) shows Carmel as 7th in highest per-capita debt.   But the towns above it have populations of 208, 2867, 930, 103, 3283, and 1331, respectively.  The low populations can greatly skew the results.  This essentially puts Carmel as highest per-capita debt for a large city.

Once the debt becomes out of control, Brainard is going to retire and let someone else inherit his debt.
Natalie here.  Bite me.
What about Ponderosa?
>	Prime 37

I must say Prime 47 is 10 better than Prime 37.


Golden Corral
Stoopid
The Bachata didn't make the cut this year as a winter Olympic event.  Maybe in four years.


Kangadoge
It was Gisele’s consolation prize to Tom Brady. 
Thanks, Ricky Martin. 
Not a flying camel toe spin?
Countless times I have poured a little water out of my cup into my napkin to wet it. 
It should be illegal to eat a burger with knife and fork.
I locally download the songs on my playlist, but a majority of music on my iPhone is streamed.  I have Apple Music.  And unlimited data.

64Gb is plenty for me.  I think I've only used about half the storage.   And also, I don't want 20,000 photos on my phone.  There's no way to go back and search for an old photo.  Instead, I move them off my phone into folders on my computer.
The link will work if you end the URL after 'appletv'.  That way the  referral link is removed.
I was an early adopter.  I just signed up today under a different email and will cancel the service after 3 months.  My original account is grandfathered into the $60 Go big for $35.

Sometimes the original article title is clickbaity too.
I still get quality stuff on usenet.
Then why did you fucking consider interviewing and even verbally accepting the offer?  Dickhead. 
And put your own rat shit in it.  👌🏼
Technically not a hodler if OP is constantly buying and selling.
I own 0.5 of a doller.
Now I know why the service is expensive.

>a team of skilled artisans. 
That's interesting to hear.  I used to have internet and tv.  After hardly watching tv for 4 months, I called to drop my tv.  And they didn't even try to convince me to keep it.  All they asked was "do you want it canceled immediately or end of billing cycle?"

I just figured they might be able to see some metrics of how much tv and internet I use.  And may have seen that I hardly watch tv, so it wasn't worth trying to convince me to stay.
What if they call your bluff and actually proceed with the cancelation?
My price went up $5 in Indiana.  But they raised my speed from 25 to 60.

I didn't ask for it, but it was worth it so I didn't complain.
Free haircut.
I took my car key to a GM dealership back in the mid-80s.  The guy looked at the teeth.  He knew exactly what he needed to punch to make me a duplicate.

$31.95 with shipping.
$25 for a single-color silk screen!?!   That's NFL licensed prices.  :(



Agreed.  But Kraft/Belichick could have sweetened his offer to stay much sooner than a few hours prior to the Colts press conference.   It was done out of spite and very vindictive.  

I personally don't care that he's not coming.  I'm old school, and a verbal agreement and a handshake is as much of a commitment as is a signature.  This is what I'm pissed about.
You are looking at it subjectively.  Take the words "Patriots" and "Colts" out of the mix.   "Coach X" did a shitty thing.  No he didn't sign a contract, but it's disappointing that a verbal agreement and a handshake wasn't worth a damn.
Not at Qdoba. 
Didn’t know that existed.  Deleting post 
Yes. Guacamole, please. 
RemindMe! 1 week
These tacos "specials" are supposedly half-off at $2.50 - $3.00 each. 

This would mean some places are selling 2 tacos for $12 regularly.  There is no way someone would pay that.

https://i.imgur.com/CYgENVW.png
11am EST (Eastern Shithead Timezone).
That could be Gronk's house.  The guy's home got robbed.
The man is da man!
by not adding a "www." or "http://", it's not auto-hyperlinking.

http://indytacoweek.com


What game is this?
Congrats on the twins!   
I have Facebook because some of my kids' school group communicate on a group page.  But I have no friends on Facebook.   I have twitter but only to follow a couple school accounts, local fire and police dept, and local traffic account. 
I've heard shag carpet, but not sharpie.
Yay! $5 fee to buy a lambo. 
[They’re mined with shoes?](http://www.asics.com/us/en-us/)
He'll wind back up in the states.
> The real winners are the traders.

Do you mean the miners?   They are no different than brokerages who take a small fee for every stock trade.  Doesn't matter if people want to sell or buy.  The brokerage gets a fee for the transaction.
Has anyone even bought a big ticket item (>$10K) with their Bitcoin profits?   

I have never seen a post from someone saying they bought a car or a boat with profits they made from bitcoin.
Well he's killed two people now. You can't just deport him.   Guatamala is not likely to do anything to him.  He'll just be back on the streets.
Throw him in jail (aka build a wall around him).
Subway?

Eat fresh.
That's right!  I drive my red Aventador on weekdays and my yellow Huracan on weekends.  
I think historical movements are null-and-void especially after large financial institutions began trading ETFs in mid December.   Before then, there was no way to trade futures and short Bitcoin like you can now.    

RemindMe! 2 Months "Checking to see if actually OK."
Are you a female and the coworkers are male?   Just wondering if it's a equal pay / wage gap thing.
Too many people who have never invested in a single stock or mutual fund just saw Bitcoin as a "get rich quick" scheme.   

This is not investing, folks.  It's gambling.   It's kind of a joke to think that a barometer of success in bitcoin "investing" is to be able to buy a lambo.  

I own Bitcoin too (just a little bit).  I'm here for the entertainment.


The stage is staged?
Nice try, Kirby salesperson. 
It's the title of the article.  Two people died. 
Their burgers are too greasy.
/r/BetterEveryLoop 
Not with that attitude.  :D
>	I can play guitar, bass, drums, and Im not a bad singer. 

You're a one-man band already. 
I was in it for the lambo.  Settling for the Schwinn with the banana seat. 
You are correct.  I don't consider crypto as investing.  I see it more like gambling, so I'm putting in money like I'm gambling.
You have an ironic username.
The fees were like that when it was at $20K.   Fees are like $1 now.
just hope bulltime doesn't turn into bullshit.
I would never even buy stocks on margin because I don't want the added risk.  There's no way I'd dump a ton of money in crypto.   I only put in what I was willing to lose -- $100.   :)

My $100 is currently worth $350.
This is me.  I bought $100 worth when it was $2500/BTC.   I saw my value rise to almost $800.  it's now around $350.   If I lose it all, I'm okay with that.  It's been a fun ride.

>It's a fixed gear bike

Doesn't look like a hipster.
Indian guy?
The story didn't say if they were wearing seat belts.  Doesn't matter how safe the car is if you are bouncing around inside Iike a pinball. 
Well okay.  Then you can’t watch pornhub with a house. 
"Hey Hon! I hope interest rates are low, because I want to invest my time in you."  
But you can't play Flappy Bird with a house.
GROUNDHOG DAY IN 2 DAYS!!!
At least it's not a Tide Pod
Lets hope HSE Schools, Fishers PD, and Noblesville PD addresses the issue instead of pretending stuff like this doesn't happen in Hamilton Co.

Edit:  Harvey Weinstein has not been charged with anything and is only allegations.  You think he's innocent?

From Wikipedia:

>The Los Angeles Police Department opened a criminal investigation for alleged rape, and New York and London police are investigating other sexual assault allegations.

>The allegations precipitated a wave of "national reckoning" against sexual harassment and assault in the United States, known as the Weinstein effect. Compounded by other sexual harassment cases earlier in the year, the Weinstein reports and subsequent #MeToo hashtag campaign, which encouraged individuals to share their suppressed stories of sexual misconduct, created a cavalcade of allegations across multiple industries that brought about the swift ouster of many men in positions of power both in the United States and, as it spread, around the world.

What a smug looking [piece of shit.](https://twitter.com/jdahlmd/status/957348554816835586?s=17)

I hope people inform all the potential colleges he's applied to and they black ball him.  HSE and Fishers Police need to take action too.  Hope is life is ruined.
It was $150/hr.  Took 20 minutes. 
He Suckling?
Posting how great bitcoin is, is one thing.  But saying stocks are dead is absurd.  As long as there are companies, there will always be stocks.  
This is the shittiest of shitposts. 

Oatsoda Mario is a weird name.
Lactaid comes in gallon size?
> he's buying cars for everyone he knows.

Holy shit.  What a retard.
I wonder if Nassar's investigation was related to [Marvin Sharp](https://www.indystar.com/story/news/crime/2015/12/21/indianapolis-gymnastics-coach-marvin-sharpe-died-suffocation/77691840/) getting busted for pretty much the same thing.  
MSU President did the right thing.  They need to clean house and start over.   

There is no way someone sexually assaults 160 girls and no one else knows.
The AppleTV would be a brilliant idea.  I have 4 of them throughout the house.
It was off the beaten path downtown.  Not a very good location for foot traffic if people were already in the 'heart' of downtown.  Not a lot going on south of South St (other than LOS).
Legalize Marijuana Rally
[The look of regret.](https://i.imgur.com/j0n44nM.jpg)
TIL.  Yes it is.
Is "candy bar" pre-printed?  Because the penmanship is oddly satisfying.
She missed three fucking times.  Is she retarded?
Mr. Miyagi's Wax-on Wax-off technique.
Non-Americans would be happy.  Cheaper to vacation in the U.S.
[This](http://incrediblethings.com/food/this-gold-pill-makes-you-poop-glitter/) is how you get a Goldepoo.
Well you know who I’m Not. 
Where does the extra 'd' come from with Goldendoodle.  Why not just Goldenpoodle?  Or Goldenroodle?
Yes.  Hookers and blow is cheaper in Indy.
He thought it was a Tide Pod.
I’ve always wondered if potato farmers make anything.  If you factor labor and transportation costs, how the hell do you make any profit on $1.50 for 10 lbs of potatoes?
I'm going to name my next playlist "Mixy Mix".
"GET UP, YOU LAZY FAT PIG!"
Jeebus!  You can buy a 10 lb bag for like $3.
>abused by some racer-kid wannabe

So you're saying [don't buy this](https://i.imgur.com/vC52kas.jpg)?
/r/WatchPastaDie
If you listen closely, they mention Hare Chevrolet.  Don't know if there is another Hare Chevrolet in a different state.

Right at the beginning of the video, radio says "106.7 WTLC". 

At around 0:43, I heard on the radio "you Indy".
Or "special" pricing for a smaller portion.
I was interested in someone who lost $50,000+, not necessarily 50%.   
I'm interested in hearing the stories.  You're not?  Something must have intrigued you to look in this post.
I would consider leaving the card in the car, but sometimes I will fill the gas in my wife's car and I would forget to grab it out of my car.
Big dog crap too
The oldest 3.14 trick in the book. 
You didn't include crime/safety and jobs which tend to be important to pretty much everybody.  And a lesser extent for you, families find that a good school system is an important factor.

Your criteria sounds like a "Best places to live for a hipster".  I'm guessing you are probably late teen or early 20s.  I'm sure a lot of your criteria will continue to be important to you, but once you get married and even have kids, your priorities will change.  I guarantee it.  I used to be your age many moons ago.   

Like /r/megalinks for digital piracy.
What about /r/megalinks for digital piracy?  Or /r/jailbreak, which inherently is not illegal, but you can install repos that distribute pirated software.

Or /r/trees.  This glorifies the use of a substance that is illegal in most of the U.S.

/r/ShittyLifeProTips 
Yeah. Dafuq.  Who repaints a brand new car.
From what I learned in this sub, the more specific you get in your car choice, the less of a deal you are going to get.  If you have to travel 200 miles to find the car with exact color and options you want, the dealer will know you couldn't find one closer to you.  Therefore, you want to buy the car more badly than he wants to sell it to you.  And that's not a good position to be in if you're looking for a deal.
I'll give you tree-fiddy 
Who doesn't love Greentucky.
What criteria would you use to rate a community?   Im guessing you are single and in your 20s.
What would your criteria be for rating the quality of a community?  
Go Colts!  Hopefully we will have a great team again soon.
>	Just interface directly

I haven't searched for a job in a long time. Is that what they call it these?
>	This is not a good thing generally, because the IRS won't pay interest on it when they give it back next year.

My Fifth Third Bank savings account pays 0.01% interest so it's practically zero too. 
No thanks. 
I have that same package of Sam's Club paper towels!  I love it :)
>  I've seen plenty of similar situations where friends make that kind of decision, only to end up moving apart not long after getting tossed into the new environment.

Exactly.  I had two close friends growing up.  I went to Purdue.  My two friends went to IU, and the two of them roomed together as freshmen.  At the end of their freshmen year, they had separate lifestyles and went on different paths.  Each got apartments with other people they met in college.  

And there's obviously no guarantee that both my daughter and her friend will find jobs in near proximity of each other.  
So ... cat in the hat
I've never bought from a small lot.  Do they finance their own loans?  They don't work with a bank that loans to the buyer?
Top NFL Losing Experience 

FTFY
OP uses an ATM machine by entering his PIN number. 
Shitpost
So how does one become a bitcoin expert?
Serious question.  Could you even dump $500M of bitcoin in a matter of hours?

Asking for a friend.
Comma comma comma chameleon is Culture Club
Comma comma comma chameleon.
Yes.
I like parties!  Unless it's a $1K party.
https://i.imgur.com/c6DYqGB.jpg
touché
RemindMe! 1 Month
Logic does not apply with crypto.
The Protip is always in the comments!
Looks like the party is over.   Let's now have a $9K party!
Major indices are well outperforming crypto YTD.  ;)

I plunked down $100 worth of BTC when it was $2500.  I've seen it as high as $850 and currently sitting at around $450.  The ride is fun.  But i would never buy more than I can lose.  If I lose it all, I'm okay with that.
Holy shit!  Over 700 have died.
Serious question.  Has crypto prices historically followed the same trends as traditional securities?
> it's fun when your life savings are not at risk. 

Exactly.  I put in $100 when BTC was at $2500.  I saw it go up to about $850.  Now it's around $450.  It is exciting to see what happens day-to-day, and I can sleep at night.  And if I lose it all, I'm okay with that.

Cryptocurrencies is not investing.  It's gambling.   Don't put in more than you can lose.
Here's a factoid.   There are more than 1,400 crypocurrencies.  And in 2017 alone, 862 new cryptocurrencies were created.  

And my opinion.  Every mom-and-pop is creating their own cryptocurrency and is diluting out the market.   I don't think new "investors" will ever see the astronomical rise as the early adopters saw.
Bitcoin is gambling.  Only buy what you are willing to lose.  
Exactly.  Once I asked on Reddit who has bought a big ticket item from their crypto profits.  Not a single reply.
>  2 days later the suspected bomber committed suicide.

Good.
Ever since the institutional trading started in early December, I knew it would never be the same.   The investment banks buy and drive the price up, then sell, take a small profit, and watch the price drop again.   Rinse and repeat.  
Cold as Ice...Ice Baby?

Or cold as Funky Cold....Medina?
Yeah.  I was first upset that my wife spends $50 to have my daughters’ hair cut.  But they each go twice a year.  
Sooooo.....how many teens cannot read this?
It's not like you had reddit to waste a good portion of your day on.
The pot hole jumped in front of the car.
You can jack off.  And you can jack people.  But you can't jack people off.
/r/fightersbeingbros
That space was originally reserved for the Church of Cannabis.
Yes.  My 40s have been better than my 30s.  I think I'm physically stronger than I was in my 30s.  Relationship is stronger than ever.   Celebrating 20 yr marriage in two months.  The ability to not give a shit about a lot of thigs is just awesome.  And kids will all be out of the house (and in college) in 3 years.  Booyah.
Reminds me of [this](https://i.imgur.com/Y1LbpvR.gifv).
And not stay in a Holiday Inn Express last night.
> blind palsy victim swinging a prosthetic arm

[Like this?](https://i.imgur.com/qzp8MJI.jpg)
Most likely "some shit".
But is Poker?  After all, it's on ESPN.
[Relevant.](https://i.imgflip.com/19vhrz.jpg)
White River

/s
Dude Perfect - K-Cup Edition
/r/WhyWasHeThrowingAKcup
I took it back last night.  They asked for membership card.  Don't know if they looked up a previous purchase or not though.
Is the 'no receipt' thing because it's produce?  Or because it's the CDC has advised people not to eat it?
Celeste is a little bitch.
/r/SneakyBackgroundFeet 
Just checking if you're dead yet.

Edit:  3 hours later, no response. I think ded.
Is anyone else having trouble with the Mega decryption key?
My wife gets that way with her work. She thinks she needs to find a new job because her job sucks.  I personally think she will regret what she had if she switches jobs.

I can't remember the last time she got to work on time.  Her boss doesn't care.  If she needs to leave early, her boss doesn't care.  When she orders food for a meeting (several times a week), she orders a meal for herself.  Her boss doesn't care.  Sick child?  She can work from home.  She has a company credit card.  She'll run to the Costco or Target and pick up stuff for the office.  She at least gets to get out of the office and "shop".  She's not overworked (in fact she has a lot of down time).   She gets paid very well too.

She focuses on:  Work is boring.  No one to talk to.   Drive home is too much traffic (45 mins max to get home).    Ugh!! 

She definitely needs a new perception of happiness.
I wonder if companies can pay money to get the "Amazon Choice" label.
Put it in that mini change pocket inside your right jeans pocket.
I have a hard time conceptualizing what makes a $400 haircut worth $400.

>I’ve been cutting my boyfriend/fiancés hair

Does your boyfriend know about your fiancé and vice versa?
Undesirable 
What happens if you eject while the jet is upside down?
Shit Title

From article:
>Perhaps the only good news is that the repeal of net neutrality has nothing to do with these cost increases: Comcast does this every year.
I was a teen in the 80s. I called them ghetto blasters.  Never heard them called boom boxes until I got older (and people became more politically correct.
I only knew of them as ghetto blasters in the 80s.
If you've had it for 25 years, it's not a boom box.  It's a ghetto blaster.
It's already lasted that long.  Both cars are 1999.
Free tan!
[Here's a prototype.](http://randommization.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/09/iArm.jpg)
Sunbeams are FREE!
Admit it.  This came from your belly button.
Mildly infuriating that it wasn't looped to a perfect gif.

Edit:  [Here's my feeble attempt.](https://i.imgur.com/WRr7EfX.gifv)
/r/airpodgore
> I squeeze the tube in the middle

Savage!
I can't believe Apple wants $149 for theirs.
Tyrone Biggums' dog.
Sum Ting Rite
I personally like the [IKEA bag](https://i.imgur.com/gSScJL8.jpg) better.
Although he should have fired Pagano two seasons ago.  
Just make sure Luck is on the field next season. \#NotTrump2020
If you have a shitty tip, she should have used an enema first.
"Yo dawg!  I heard you like dogs.  So I got your dog a dog."

\-Xzibit
I hope so, but I’m no Jim Irsay. ;)
Did he leave a poop in the box?
The Alamo
Put some Bose headphones over your AirPods 
Are they scratches?  Photo is blurry.
The protip is always in the comments.
From a hobo?
TBH, my wife would rather catch 10 pairs of boots than a fish.
I love grilled grouper sandwiches.  I'll take one from Sharky's in Clearwater Beach right now.
"Chi" as in the pronunciation of the Greek letter?
Well I'll be damned.  First there were "emoticons" - the faces made with ascii characters.  :)   This was emotion+icons.

I just assumed emoji was just a derivative of emoticon.
You just need to believe.

\-R. Kelly
I hear that the [bone through the nose](https://archive-media-1.nyafuu.org/vp/image/1489/98/1489984175883.jpg) is making a comeback.
Then... no thank you.
I've been counting.  1,435 consecutive on-and-off.  Must be a world record.
Huh?  Those **are** AirPods.  With a hand sanitizer sticker on the case. 
The worst misspelling of the word 'worst'.
merry christmas, y'all.
I'm on my second hour watching this video. When will the cat stop?
[is this you?](https://i.imgur.com/ZfDwSiZ.png)
Rest In Piece
At 75% off (~$5000), I'm still ahead.  I got in at $2500.
I have one drawer, And it's for lentils.
TBH I loved that show.  Funny as hell.  
[I created the design at Vistaprint.](http://www.vistaprint.com/vp/gateway.aspx?s=4009498015&preurl=%2fshare-design.aspx%3fdoc_id%3d3494716223%26shopper_id%3d44QQ7XW0FMPVEHPDFTEIQ1LSTPIGKUD7%26xnav%3dsharesource_8%26share_key%3d5889fbbe-41f6-48a9-bb7e-1898c0a99c83)   Buy 100 for $7.99.
Are you born on Leap Day and she wants to have sex twice on your birthday?
Wait.  Were these all the same guy?  All of those KPop dudes have so  much plastic surgery that they all look the same. 
I died inside too.
Wrong sub, bro. 
Modern day Babe Ruth.  Or not.
I suspect it is because yours is still under warranty.
It's the saddest thing I've laughed my ass off.
Hey your statement is taking away jobs!
/r/titlegore
I wash my face with soap when I shower.  No lotion or aftershave. 
Yup.  It would be the endless "I should wait because a new iDevice comes out in less than a year".

Short story.  My mother-in-law bought a new iPhone in July, and I told her that she should have waited until September when a new iPhone comes out.  And she angrily replied "WHAT!? A NEW IPHONE ALREADY?!?"

Yup, every September.
Buzzfeed.  j/k
“Do not stick your dick in crazy” applies to your case. 
They drew a lightsaber on the wall. 
Waiting for it to show up on their breaking news banner. 
I think this has to do with it most of the time.  My old college roommate was this way.  He was a wallflower. Then his senior year of college, he put himself out there.  Started going out and initiating conversation with women.  It was very much out of his comfort zone.  He eventually got over rejection and moved on to the next person.  Man, it was good to see his new confidence.
Plane ticket from the U.S. kills the deal. 
Question for those who bought them last year:  was the demand as high last Christmas?  I hear a lot of buzz about them lately.
What was weird was that the other day, I placed an order through the app, and it said pick up January 3.  Then I checked via website, and said I could pick up next day.  So I canceled the app order and placed it via website.  I picked it up this morning.
[Reminds me of this.](https://i.imgur.com/BSyqt70.gifv)
But that’s like saying why would a girl want to play on the boys’ basketball team when she could be the best on the girls’ team. 
Melamine is the shit that caused the China baby formula scandal.  Tens-of-thousands of babies got sick and many died.  Some of the people involved were executed.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2008_Chinese_milk_scandal

tl;dr melamine is nitrogen-based compound, so it makes milk and formula falsely appear to have a higher protein content.  
The "Admiral Ackbar"™ 
Rex-Kwon-Do level 1000
Glad to hear.  This is how I would have preferred it.
It's pretty sad when Colts tickets cost the same price as a high school football game.
I have no problems cutting the hands and feet off this asshole.
There's a lot east of the White Castle.  It was $10 for non-Colts event.  It's 5 min walk to LOS.

If you are looking for a place to eat, Tow Yard Brewing is on the south end of that lot.
Maybe JW. 
Those seats on the right side of [this photo](https://i.imgur.com/EXzD8Ph.jpg) would be suitable for laying down.  The airport will be dead after 10pm, so it should be quiet.

I doubt someone would steal your luggage if right next to you, but you could put a bell on it to make a noise if someone tries to take it.
Protip:  these are probably nosebleed tix.  When you get to LOS, look on stubhub and see which tickets are still for sale.  Go sit in those seats.
I tried to catch my cat like that.  Didn't work.   I'll find the video and post it.

Edit: [here it is](https://instagram.com/p/uIdRrTKXSP/)
/r/shittylifeprotips
Sell Ferrari’s?
Great Clips
I’d rather watch that than the Kardashians. 
Did you buy a dog then?
Kum-ba-ya. 
Relax, bro.
ESPN Competitive Brochure Design World Championships^TM
You're not wrong.
If you use Apollo app, you can scrub the video backwards-and-forwards by dragging your screen left-and-right.  And stop the gif by not moving your finger.
When you pay a transaction fee, who gets those fees?
Thank you for this post.  I came here to search why fees are so outrageous.  I don't have a lot in bitcoin, so fees have become on par with credit card processing fees for me.
Should have leaned it against a bunch of carrots.
Hope the bomb strapped to him blew his dick off.
Does the draft included picking a new coach?
Quality shitpost.
It's not.  It's a nurse's apple with a dick.
/r/imgoingtohellforthis
If it helps the person with their ailments, what harm is it?  Just like acupuncture.  Some people think it’s quack medicine, but if it helps with someone’s pain, just leave them alone and let them have their acupuncture treatments in peace. 
Real leaves, real blower, real kids.   /s
No homo
I was in a conundrum.  My wife (fiancée at the time) wanted to pick it out but also wanted it to be a surprise.   /facepalm.

We went ring shopping together, and I got an idea of the style she liked.  The surprise was when I proposed.
I have 3 kids, and I would answer your question as "No.  Not selfish at all." 

If you aren't willing to take care of them, don't bring them into the world.  Applies to pets too.  

Geese have nipples?
Couple more of my favorites.  Austin Collie and Gary Brackett. 
Ocean World near 86th & Ditch
https://i.imgur.com/CY3JO5t.png
Speeding in a school zone.  Would a judge give you any compassion?
I was thinking the same fucking thing when I just saw that.
Oh I did!  I bought $100 worth.  The remaining $70 is worth $320 today.
/r/shittylifeprotips
If only we had an angry face poop emoji.  She could have texted you that instead.
I'm guessing OP doesn't own a car.
Poor Pirate Cat is going to have a Wanted posted at the Carmel post office.
I remember when it used to be Priscilla's.  it's like the new owner wanted to rename it but not have to buy any additional letters for the storefront. 
[relevant](https://i.imgur.com/O0XSz.jpg)
What about the lottery?  You can make $500 Million.
You try that and let me know how it goes.
Yep.  I asked someone for change for a dollar.   He gave me 25-cents.
You are comparing it to BTC!  

it's like saying US Dollar is up 20% in the past 24 hours....when you compare it to BTC!

Why are you shitting on the US Dollar?  It's very stable currency.  I've been enjoying the BTC run just like anyone else, but I would never invest my retirement savings in BTC.

If your primary investments are in BTC, I feel sorry for you.
He ded?
Where else can you buy a [$1 home](https://secure.bid4assets.com/mvc/auction/773454)?
I thought that long ago, when a reseller sells a line of service, they get a small percentage of recurring charges.   Almost like MLM.   Not sure if this is still the incentive by AT&T for Targets and Walmarts.
Absolutely.  Average means that half your coworkers are worse performers than you.   That's a pretty big pool to choose from if your company needs to trim down staff.
Councilman Jeff Miller.
I doubt OP wants to spend $200K to unlock a sister's phone.
I wish Apple would implement a feature where a trusted number could text (in this case, your sister's phone) to request an unlock. And if she doesn't deny the unlock request in 7 days, it would unlock.  

Of course the feature is not required to use, but something you can enable and add trusted phone numbers.   I would absolutely use this and add my wife's and kids' number as trusted numbers.
No to physical stores!  I'll save tons of money by not shopping!  It's a win!
/r/titlegore
I just heard "C'mon Get Happy" last night.

RIP David Cassidy.
Saddest marching band ever.
Was expecting to see dickbutt.  Disappointed.
For every like i get to this comment, I will donate $1 to The Human Fund.
One thing to keep in mind is that you can't use these when mowing (or other noisy activities), because the mower noise entering your ear is too loud.
Not really safe to cycle outside with earbuds in.  You can't hear the traffic.  I usually wear the Aftershokz Trekz Air when cycling.  It's bone conduction so nothing goes in my ear.
dey look dum
ok
http://www.cnn.com/2017/11/14/africa/libya-migrant-auctions/index.html
http://www.cnn.com/2017/11/14/africa/libya-migrant-auctions/index.html
Harvey Weinstein on sale.
My phone goes in the other pocket.  Keys go in same pocket as wallet.  I don’t have a bulky keychain either.  

Wallet is about 3/4” thick at its thickest point. 
That's why those Nigerian prince emails have such bad grammar.  People that don't catch those grammatical mistakes (i.e. the uneducated) are more likely to fall for it.
Lol.  I prefer cheetah wallet.
How do you carry your cell phone?
I'm a front pocket wallet guy.  Wallets don't fall out of front pockets.
[boobs!](https://m.imgur.com/QUjV542)
There is no reason for an adult to be massaging a 10 yr old.  Weirdo.
!RedditSilver
Brainard is just Carmel's "Trump".

btw, can I have some pills?
Turn off thumbnails in Settings
Billy Bob's Self Storage and Dentistry.
I've been seeing these damn Square cash registers.  After you swipe your card, the suggest tip boxes (e.g. 15%, 18%, 20%) appear.  You have to scroll off the screen to get to the 'no tip'.   Kind of deceitful.
I don't tip for any takeout (sushi, pizza, Chinese) if I walk inside to get it.  But if it's curbside service and they bring the takeout to my car, I'll give them $2-3. 
I would have done the same.
A net worth of $1M has been used as a measure of wealth and prosperity for the past 50 years.  Except that $1M fifty years ago truly was a measure of wealth.  It needs to be changed to $10M net worth.
"Who wants to be a thousandaire?"

ME!!! I'M A THOUSANDAIRE!!!!

Kevin Spacey wanted to check my prostate.  I told him no. 
It's the worst way to not die.
[is this you?](https://i.imgur.com/GMFLOvB.jpg)
/r/ThisIsWhyImBroke 
No bragging rights when you are one of the worst teams in the league. 
I have a similar question.  What if I want to get rid of the new free line after signing up for it?  Can I just pay off the Next installment within a few weeks and then cancel that line?

I'd like to put the SIM from an existing line into the new iPhone 8.


Yes it was.  Colts won for a change.  :/
Slice or whole?
I don't remember subscribing to Rocky Mountain facts.
It's a good filtration system for "gym stink".
Xzibit’s iphone. 
Needs more Pooh.
Being in my 40s and not giving a shit has been great.  Looking forward to expericing Level 2 in the next few years.
John Denver sang of the Rocky Mountain High back in 1972.
Would it be racist if some said "Johnny is going to get fired" when speaking of an American factory worker?
A guy should do that to his wife.  But (step 1) cut a hole in the box.  Slowly open.  SURPRISE!
Yeah it will put Apple in a financial bind.

If you wouldn't do it, you're better than 98% of us. 
Anyone that buys it over retail is a stupid dum dum.
Lol. Didn't even notice dad cat sitting on the couch having a beer and watching dog videos. 
Video needs more shakes.
What's crazy is that I read that comment in scoobys voice. 
sweet child o' mine
Shitty bot
Not me, but my kids.

1 more football game (sectionals).  State Finals.  Grand Nats.   
You can't take glorious photos like [this](https://www.instagram.com/p/Ba_dI9ylNdx/?tagged=starbuck), because there's a sticker on the logo.
I have yet to see a teenager buy a $1.50 coffee of the day.

I'll buy my avocado toast, and don't you worry your pretty little ass.
That's some /r/rant worthy shit.
It's cash up front in anticipation you'll be a good tax payer. ;)
Bile Pancreatic Juice.  
Keep on truckin'.
They probably know you better than you know yourself. 
Doesn't have to be real to be funny.  
"Everything good was caused by Obama" "Everything bad was caused by Trump"

*  Obama supporters in a nutshell


This game is stupid as hell.


Exactly.  I'm not a Trump fan, but my investment portfolio is at its highest point in history.
I'm not a Trump fan, but my investment portfolio is at its highest point in history.
I'm not a Trump fan, but my investment portfolio is at its highest point in history.
I'm not a Trump fan, but my investment portfolio is at its highest point in history.
Maybe we can play a pee wee league next week. 
Bad haiku
With that heavy coat on, she probably is.
Don't even need that.
\#NotTrump2020
Adding pickles. Not so bad.  Adding shit.  Not so good.
/r/HookerProtips
You'll get a prostate exam during an annual checkup once you turn 40.  Doctor sticks a finger in your butthole.  

I think a symptom is not have a strong urine stream or not being able to completely empty your bladder, because prostate is constricting your urethra.
Aren't churches about giving people a second chance?
She has a better haircut than that dick from accounting.
I don't know, but Pagano needs to be fired ASAP.
Gary
Lots of homeless diabetics. 
Is it marijuana frosting?  Ha
https://m.popkey.co/b4c555/wGvQR.gif
RemindMe! 100 years

I want to see OP repost when it's 200 years old
     🐎🐎🐎🐎🐎🐎🐎🐎🐎🐎🐎🐎🐎🐎
     alright alright alright
     🐎🐎🐎🐎🐎🐎🐎🐎🐎🐎🐎🐎🐎🐎

Yeah, seeing that this is a deleted post, it wouldn't appear in Reddit's search.
If you think about it, marriage is essentially just a business contract between two people.  That you'll be financially responsible for each other.

Unmarried people can love each other, live together, and have kids.  And married people can hate each other and live apart.  The only difference is that married people have a **legal** financial obligation.

Although I choose to be the traditionalist.  Marry for love.  Buy a home. Have kids.  Grow old together.
It may be illegal, but who will find out?  It's like sodomy laws.  Has anyone ever been arrested for sodomy?
He's on a no bond hold.  WHY?!
I also don't buy anything from Amazon Marketplace vendor.  
For a dummy.
Why did this comment get downvoted?  Aren't people allowed to have a personal opinion?
I would have been terrified to get married at 21.  Made the best decision to marry my wife when we were 28.  
I also have a two step plan to get any girl you want. 

1. Be attractive
1. Don't be unattractive

That much of an age difference can certainly be challenge as both people are in difference stages of life.  My brother's ex-inlaws were 20 years apart.  She was about to retire (early 60s) and her husband got dementia (early 80s).  She had to take care of him for about 5 years until he died.
Personally, that arrangement is kind of weird to me.  But if it works out for them, that's great.
More /r/funny than /r/wtf
I have a fool-proof solution to the poverty issue:

make more money

Edit:  I was making a joke.  You people got all triggered.  
According to [this article](http://www.marketwatch.com/story/why-way-fewer-actively-managed-funds-beat-the-sp-than-we-thought-2017-04-24), less than 10% (and closer to 5%) of actively managed funds have beaten the S&P over a 15 year period.

And how to identify those 5-10% of funds... I have no idea.  Maybe throw a dart.

I would imagine the dog would run away if it hurt.  I'm sure this is not the first time for the dynamic duo.
Index funds try to replicate stock indexes (Dow, S&P, Nasdaq).  Because of this, they don't have to be actively managed, and therefore, the fees are extremely low.  I have one  that charges a 0.05% fee.  And if you are willing to buy and hold for a very long time (10 yrs or more), you will find very few actively manage funds that can beat an S&P 500 index fund.

Index funds are perfect for those who don't really want to spend a lot of time keeping up with financial news, and figuring out which sectors are doing well and which are doing bad.


$5000 to start emergency fund.  $15000 into an index fund.

(Note: I'm not a financial expert.  That is what I'd do.)
I could have coached today with the same outcome.
Pagano cups Irsay's balls with his left hand for that personal touch.
It's like that coincidence that Lou Gehrig got the disease named after him.
Didn't work for unconscious patient in that Utah nurses situation. Consent was not implied.
$120?  At the low cost vaccine clinic near me, it's $20. 

http://www.lowcostclinic.org/vaccines/
A low cost vaccine clinic near me, the 3-year is $5 more than 1-year.

http://www.lowcostclinic.org/vaccines/
He's a pedophile.
One on the left looks like Wayne Newton.
/r/JesusProTips
Whoops. I meant medical school.  I had Harvard on my mind.  My intention is that there is reverse discrimination going on.
WTF?  You Asian/Indian?
Not trying to be racist, but she black?

Indian guy applied to Harvard with 3.1 GPA and didn't get in.  Also applied with same GPA but as a black, and got accepted.

http://nypost.com/2015/04/12/mindy-kalings-brother-explains-why-he-pretended-to-be-black/


iCable^TM with iNotch^TM
You like that, you fucking retard?
Fucking low life.  I hope he goes to hell.
Because that would be illegal.  lol
I'm stealing that line when my daughters get engaged.
May want to repost in /r/indianapolis.

Welcome to Indy!

LOL GAS 2
I ride a hoverboard on the sidewalk.  Problem solved.
OP- you seem practically bumper-to-bumper with that Tesla.
"If you lower your standards enough, you can get laid all the time."

\-- Thomas Edison
[Relevant. ](https://youtu.be/XuI6GTY9eVc)
I hate that 60w (and equivalent) are the mainstream inexpensive bulbs.  Because I would love to just use 100w equivalent LEDs in my house.  But 100w bulbs are usually about $5, and 60w regulary are on sale for $1.
Say watt?
Nice try, Philips salesperson. 
Shitpost?

Quality Post!
Go home, dad. 
Capsaicin is fat soluble, so drinking water does not help to "wash away" the oils and relieve the pain. The best thing to drink is whole milk.  
-(jajajajaja)
One beer or glass of bourbon most nights.  
But he's rich, bitch!
What's a dum bass?  A breed of fish?
Haiku fail.
They are "shocked" because they are following public opinion. 

Just like NFL. They will support kneeling if public opinion supports it. They will chastise it if the public chastise it.  Follow the money. 
But if he says no, the next visit will be awkward. 
But he's already seen your cat naked.
Looks like a boy. 
In a row!?
And a super girl life!
Put them in rice. 
https://www.cuddlecomfort.com
[Yao Ming cat](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/mobile/000/005/180/YaoMingMeme.jpg)
Thanks Macklemore. 
Used cars are hard to find so it's normal for someone to ask to have it shipped freight.   /s
WAT?!
Can anyone find this on Google Maps?
Finders keepers.
He should have also put in his bio that he was single-handedly responsible in bringing Andrew Luck to the Colts.
At the end, she had an "I could have had a V8" moment.

Thanks bro!

!RedditSilver
I read that as "Marvin Harrison". 

\*sheds a tear*
I want to have his babies.

Except I'm a guy.
Someone could contact [Indiana Public Access Counselor](http://www.in.gov/pac/) to file a complaint against Carmel Clay Schools under [Indiana's Freedom of Information Act](http://www.nfoic.org/indiana-foia-laws).

[They filed one against HSE Schools](https://www.wthr.com/sites/wthr.com/files/PAC.HSE_.17-FC-81.pdf) when they suspended the football coach without giving a reason.
No photo of the Hiphugger.
Upvote for the sneaky use of the word "manning".
Well when the grandkids act up, you send them home with their parents.  Grandparents that get to spoil the grandkids are the lucky ones.  I've seen too often where they have to be parents and discipline their grandkids.  Sucks for them. 
Was he snorting coke?
Ok, so this is just a coincidence, but today on the /r/colts sub, I had posted about how former Colts quarterback Curtis Painter and his wife became wedding planners and event coordinators and they own an event place in Noblesville.

http://www.mustardseedgardens.com

I do not know them nor have used their services/facilities.  But the place kind of seem up your alley.
I did it on the company's dime, so it's all good!
Were you lost?  lol
[This kid has a #18 GOAT shirt.  Lol.](http://pano.ly/6b3y)

[Hybrid Colts/Broncos Jersey.](http://pano.ly/6b3q)

["We don't belong here."](http://pano.ly/6b41)

[Dude grabbin' his junk.](http://pano.ly/6b48)

[Is that Colts Superfan?](http://pano.ly/6b4c)

[Pink is not your color, bro.](http://pano.ly/6b4m)

[What the hell, woman?!  You're holding it upside down.](http://pano.ly/6b4x)

[This guy is thinking he left his stove on.](http://pano.ly/6b57)

[I like beer and Andrew Luck.](http://pano.ly/6b5f)

[Serious neckbeard.](http://pano.ly/6b5k)

[Kickass outfit.](http://pano.ly/6b5o)

[How did he get a helmet in the stadium?](http://pano.ly/6b5r)

[Most enthusiastic award goes to...](http://pano.ly/6b62)

[Another dude grabbin' his junk.](http://pano.ly/6b69)

[We don't judge.](http://pano.ly/6b6d)
The thing is that these players are at work, and they work for Jerry Jones.  If the team policy prohibits players from playing if they "disrespect" the flag, Jerry has any rights to do as he wants.   If I did something at my work that is of insubordination, I can get fired.  Why should it be any different for a football player.   Sure, they can still choose to kneel, but they also have to be willing to accept the consequence.

I do agree that the players' intentions are not to disrespect the flag or the national anthem, but why do they have to use the national anthem or the NFL as a platform for their protest?  Social injustice has nothing to do with the NFL.


> I am not going to spend any money on Cowboys merch

This is the absolute correct way to voice your opinion.  Vote with your wallet.


aww damn. didn't see that post.
/r/unexpected
He's always had massive ears. We thought he'd just grow into them, but the ears grew too. 

http://imgur.com/YnKQYSZ
\#NotTrump2020
2/10.  Receiver almost got intercepted. 
My wife takes Natrol probiotic beads.  Been taking for years.

https://www.amazon.com/dp/B005P0UJGU/
I just rewatched the fake play.  That was the dumbest play I've ever seen. 

https://youtu.be/6i7VKQwDS2s
If we lose, I'm going to poop in my pants. 
No thanks. 
Unrelated to you photo.  When your altimeter shows 6,500 feet, is that above sea level or above current ground elevation?

Nice photo, btw. 
/r/holdmyfries has become a /r/fatpeoplehate


Nope.  I won't pay more than $500.
Looks nothing like [this](https://i.imgur.com/R390EId.jpg).
I went to practice day last year and it was a lot of fun.  It was cheaper and not very crowded.  Still got to see a lot of flying.
Now I'm hungry for Corn Nuts.
DAE hate tooth enamel?
My poop is exotic. 
Vertically stabilizing vertical stabilizers. 
So how many freaks have you just swiped right.
But your comment said "cheap cup of coffee". ;)
I'm curious if other sponsors are going to jump on the bandwagon and drop him.  
But my K-cups are only 30-cents.
My in-laws found a really nice house in a nice neighborhood on the outskirts of Anderson for a very good price.  It had been on the market for two years.

They don't realize that it may also take them two years to sell if they ever move again.

LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION.

> it was great but good lord is it boring.

Years ago, Fishers didn't have a lot of community and cultural events, but there are plenty of activities for all ages now, and getting better. 

[This link is a good place to start.](http://www.fishers.in.us/index.aspx?NID=153) 
Well they did have a [ribbon cutting](http://cityofanderson.com/1133/Ribbon-Cutting-White-Castle) for a new White Castle that opened last year.
Pull his tail.  
If you like meth, go for it
What about McDermott?
I want to complain that the mod has called me a douchenozzle (aka personal attack and harrassment).
Definitely not celebrating photoshop skillz.
Agreed.  On the iPhone, it's in the Health app, and under "Medical ID".

To access this on a locked iPhone, go to the Passcode screen.  Select Emergency (lower-left).  You can select Medical ID from this screen. 


It's so heartbreaking because it looks like a war zone, but the dead are our brothers and sisters.  :(
Mr. Ginger-  YOU ARE NOT THE FATHER!!!!!
https://i.imgur.com/K5Y9K3C.gifv
Baby Got Back
HEY GUYS!!  TITLE IS SPOT ON!!
> otherwise a useful and non-threatening tool.

While I generally have no problems with guns, automatic/assault rifles in the hand of citizens serve no "useful and non-threatening" purpose in a civilized society.   I'd like to think USA is a civilized society.

And your fucking point?  j/k
>He thinks I'm closed minded

I'm surprised the religious person thinks the atheist is the close-minded one.
Let's start a Change.org campaign to only play 2 quarters per game!  Woohoo.
Is being able to take a photo of a dog jumping/running really a perfect timing?  
He was supposedly fucked after the last two seasons.  He must suck a good dick.
[For OP.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_burn_centers_in_the_United_States)
Someone put the cat up there. There's no way it climbed.
¯\\_(ツ)_/¯

Add two backslashes so the arm doesn't disappear.


Now someone photoshop 25,000 real dongs in her hand.
Relevant username. 
Hey guys! I found Sir Mix-a-lot's reddit account!
Now y'all are talkin' gay and stuff. 
So are you talking about a permanent place to say or temporary?
Long Johns Silver in Castleton.
I want to see a title sponsor like Pornhub Music Center.
You forgot to say 'no homo'.
Building a wall around 465
Nope. He sucking. 
So I watched this video for 30 minutes so far.  The cat jumps up and gets scared 300 times. When will the cat ever learn?

When does the movie end?


Cordcutting is great when only some consumers do it, but as more and more consumers jump on the bandwagon, the content providers put more and more effort into streaming content AND ways to get more money out of cordcutters' pockets.
I went ahead and upgraded because i had an iPhone 6 and it's getting slow.  If it wasn't for it getting slow, i would have no problem hanging onto it for longer.  It is a very well built phone and it's still in great condition.
I love the tailwag after she tops out. 
OP violated rule #4.

>Absurd posts ("DAE breathe?") are not acceptable.

And you violated rule #6.

>Please don't make or upvote one-word comments such as "yes" or "no".


lol.
Kaepernick started it.
Does he also run like a girl?

\--Bloodhound Gang
This guy fucks.  Or doesn't.  Or does.
Can I see the IT version?
Aww I miss when Joseph Addai was #29.
[Yep! He good.](https://i.imgur.com/1zlbtTy.jpg)
I know. Dude probably didn't wash his hands before eating with his hands.  
I see a problem.  Can you fix his shoulder?

ba dum tiss
[Face ID with iShoe X.](https://i.imgur.com/vCtbF.gifv)
I see a bra in the background. 😹
Doesn't look like a ginger. 
>Toys Rn't Us
Don't know why you got down voted for a legit question.  I would love to hear someone's reason why it matters.  

I'm guessing diversity = political correctness = perceived as a good thing.
And I worry about being weak.
Youre not perfect = NotJimIrsay

Youre ~~(not)~~ perfect = ~~(Not)~~JimIrsay

Youre perfect = JimIrsay

Interesting.

So it wasn't *perfection*?
Hail satin.
https://i.imgur.com/Gxmn4NU.jpg
/r/instant_rage
You both sound amazing, and I think you are lucky to have a person like him, and he is lucky to have a person like you.

Based on my experience, the sex live unfortunately doesn't get much better with a child, especially as they get older.  I have three teenage daughters, and we are either exhausted or the kids are up later than us. So it doesn't give much alone time.    My wife suffers from mild depression too.  I'd love to have a little more sex than my wife.  But we're good, and I can't imagine life without her.     btw, my wife and I are both 48 and we've been married for 20 years (together for 25 yrs total).

Best wishes.
My mother-in-law tries to get a head start for all the grand kids (she has 12) by shopping the deals right after Christmas.  The problem is that popular styles and toys change by the next holiday.

Oh well, it's the thought that counts.  My kids show their appreciation to her, but sometimes I never see them wearing that shirt or pair of shoes that they receive.
Yeah me too, so I start saving small amounts beginning in January.
Similar for me, but we start saving $40/week in January.
She has children.
Guy here.  This is a sweet story.  Do you plan to have kids?  Ever talk about your future? Do you see yourself growing old with him?
Guy here. Don't use cat calling as a metric of your attractiveness. I have never catcalled anyone.  Guys that do that are a bunch of douchebags.
Do you say "socal"?   I'm from Indiana and just asking.  I was just wondering if I'm making myself sound like an idiot.
Reason is because everyone hates Carmel and Fishers.  And their roundabouts.
The newer terminology for "AD" is now "CE" (common era).

BC is now BCE (before common era).
I'll try the dog pho on your recommendation. 
Let's make this happen!  
Lol.  Visiting here.  I'm from Indiana.  A friend suggested a Vietnamese place for lunch.

Maybe not a true friend?
@1:26

>It's so important for our community to have great attractions and great restaurants.

ಠ_ಠ
If it's growing in the areola, that's more common than you think.  For both men and women.
Not a candidate for iPhone X FaceID.
Oh my.  I'm meeting a friend for lunch today in Garden Grove.
Naw man. Now you're talking crazy.
Are you sure about that, Jason?
Or just go to IKEA in Cincinnati.  Fishers IKEA is going to be a shitshow for a month.
Nice try, Mr. Skillman.
I prefer to get my cat from a shelter, not a dealership.
So just like all hallucinogens.
I think the people that camp out the night before are those who didn't pre-order.  But if you pre-order and still have to pick up in-store, I'm sure it will be a shit show.
Yeah, I saw 1-2 weeks for shipping.   In-store pickup was still September 22.
https://i.imgur.com/gEZKfkw.jpg
Is there such thing as a vagitarian?
I like to put bacon on my veggie burgers. 
I have a friend who's daughter is an animal lover, so she became a vegetarian.  EXCEPT SHE DOESN'T LIKE VEGETABLES!!!!

So she eats cheese pizza, pb&j, and mac-n-cheese.   ಠ_ಠ

dafuq.
Only chicken of the sea.
This man clucks.
Is the bike okay?
"How many chicken wigs can you eat?"

"1"
Cook with sautéed onions and peppers. 
>Finished Line
Damn.  You can get seats on the 50 yd line and 21 rows back for $115 each.
Typically the 300 & 400 level between the 20 yd lines on the home side.   

You actually have to show you ticket to get into the club seat area.  They have their own concessions that others can't get to.  And even a chef up there making food to order.

Seats are much nicer too.

Edit: I think there are club level seats on visitor side too.
Well, in actuality, the game is sold out.  These are on the secondary market.
Yes, passcode still available.
I had season tickets the first three years they were in town.  Seats were 24 rows up from field and tickets were $20 each. 
So he's not a material boy?
Crowded as hell. You have to park so far away that you run a 5k before you start the official 5k. 
Thanks for your contribution to this post. 
BAAHAAHAHHAAHA!
All I want is a plate of the crunchy fried batter drippings and not get shot!

They also only carry basic staple items... stuff like carrots, lettuce, cabbage, cucumbers, bananas, apples, etc.   You won't find more specialty items like star fruit, papaya, jicama, bok choy, white radish, etc.
OP has his choice of rich gayborhood or middle-income gayborhood.  [See map inset, near Mass Ave.](https://i.imgur.com/YmOZBPN.jpg)



Don't you have to play to be a most valuable PLAYer?
Tell her you're extra hungry and you appreciate her bringing home dat extra groceries. 
No homo. 
💩👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
Anything is game as long as you say "no homo".
You could have turned it off after 2 seconds but you chose to watch the whole thing.
Is there a reason why they couldn't have made it a single piece (lightning on one end, 3.5mm female on other end) adapter without the tiny cable?  
> Since I found out Google tracks me

This is a blessing and a curse.  Because it knows the general time of day I go to work, go work out, and pick up my kids from school, it will automatically tell me approximate drive times when I get into my car at certain times of day.  

When I leave at 7am on weekday, its "25 minutes to work".  But if i leave at 7am on a weekend, it says "12 minutes to gym".
 
Thanks.  Didn't think about checking on Snapchat.
Indiana resident here.  Based on what I saw on the news, your governor did a hell of a job getting the state prepared.  Glad  to see the Tampa area fared pretty well considering what was predicted.
Auto makers release a yearly model.
I have an iPhone 6 purchased on release date.  Three years later, the Battery Life app shows only a 3% wear level.

I have a 6 that is still in good condition.  Battery Life only shows a 3% wear on the battery.

I do plan to upgrade to whatever comes out tomorrow.  But if the "iPhone X" is $1000, I won't be getting this.  That is just way too expensive.  I like the "non-S" size, but I wish the camera was as good as what they put in the "S".    I will see what I can get for around $800 with at least 64Gb.

FYI.  You can delete the Apple Maps app if you want to.
[But this guy is.](https://www.urologyteam.com/our-doctors/dr-richard-chopp)
"I like big butts and I can not lie

You other brothers can't deny"

\-Abraham Lincoln
What line of work are you in? 
I'd ride that shit into the eye, damnit!
Isn't the hurricane path also a deadline?

Ba dum tiss 
/r/firstworldproblems
Gotta watch out for those horse girls.
New payment service: AssholePay™.
Yes. My daughter was assigned a sabre for the season.  She can take it home anytime she wanted.  Anyone who spins rifles is expected to buy their own.  

>There's so much in life to accomplish

Are there any reason why these goals can't be attained with someone by your side?

>and not to mention all the other women I haven't had an experience with.

If you still want to play the field, it sounds like you're not ready to settle down.  

I had $350 in bitcoin five weeks ago.  It's worth $700 now.
Dudette Perfect
You serious, Clark?
This guy CSI's 
"Indy Strip Club Week": Half-off lap dances
Their tacos are awesome!
Here's the haiku version.

>Dude must have headache
>From all the questions he gets
>For buttoning shirt
We want a pitcher, not a belly itcher.
Damn. Someone needs a diaper change.
What is 76 dollar cents?
You're in the wrong sub, bro.
I can't tell if she's white, but she has dreads, and fighting at the McDonald's drive-thru!!!

http://i.imgur.com/ZlHoi0J.gifv
My question is: do any of these restaurants serve [The Original Swayzee Hand Breaded Tenderloin](https://www.facebook.com/SwayzeeTenderloins/)
Question #2: what do dreadlocks smell like after a month later?
Friend's family is cattle and pig farmer.   His uncle had a heart attack while feeding his pigs.   The pigs at him to the bone.  

/r/natureismetal
No thanks. 
Exactly.  My friend's family are cattle farmers.  When a cow has an infection like mastitis, you have to give it antibiotics for the infection.  It's inhumane to not treat an animal's infection.  They have to discard the milk for so many days until the antibiotics are out of the system.

And I always tell anti-GMO'er, you can't cure world hunger without GMO.  
Well I haven't yet eaten a puppy or kitten.
Seriously asking.  Why are images of porn bad, but erotica literature is okay?  My wife will read erotica occasionally and it makes her quite aroused.  But if a man watches porn and becomes aroused, it's bad?
No thanks. 
Need this gif reversed!
YEAH BABY YEAH!!
Bobby Lee is a goofball comedian with a hot wife.

[YouTube channel.](https://www.youtube.com/user/bobbylee)

[And the hot wife.](https://twitter.com/thetigerbelly/status/864894914579931136/photo/1)


She enjoys foot rubs over back rubs, so I'm usually giving her foot rubs while we're on the couch watching tv.

Also she doesn't like to fill gas, so every Sunday evening, I'll go get her car filled up.  I bet in the last 4 years she's had her current car, she's filled it herself 5 times.  
As an Asian, it's weird to see an Asian with this physique.  I usually see the scrawny type or Bobby Lee.
But flood water has poop and pee in it.
/r/holdmyfries is still around. 
Every night when we go to bed, she rubs my back.  She's been doing it for almost 20 years.  Then we roll over, spoon, i tell her 'i love you', and fall asleep.   This is the very best part of my day.

Doing the littlest things can matter the most.

Last night, I filled the gas in her car and put a pack of gum on the dash.  She'll find it this morning on the way to work.  She loves when I do stuff like that.

She rubs my back for a few minutes every night when we go to bed.  She's been doing it for almost 20 years.  Then we roll over, spoon, i tell her 'i love you', and fall asleep.   This is the very best part of my day.

Just don't get so comfortable that you take her for granted and put no effort into the relationship.
/r/instant_unconsciousness
I say "Yes Bacon".
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buckminster_Fuller
Pittsburgh Sissies.

He had the full speed momentum going.  There's no way he could have stopped in time.
This exactly.  People complain but they buy it anyways.  

If you are "voting with your pocketbooks", you're doing it wrong.
I'd be willing to pay for an ad-free version of Yahoo! Weather.   As long as it's not a recurring monthly or yearly in-app purchase.

You can get a 3 bedroom house in Fishers for $160-175K.  I don't think that's unreasonable.  I moved here for the school system. 
I know.  Actors die better than that. 
https://m.facebook.com/events/1926499930917385/
I think Swappa is safer. When you sell, you have to submit your IMEI and a photo of your phone turned on.  
Damn. A 128gb iPhone 6s is $629.  
I have my cat's paw print programmed. 
Yo dawg! I heard you didn't care!
I don't usually lock my doors.  
Best Buy has the 64gb iPad Pro 10.5 on sale for $549.

https://www.bestbuy.com/site/ipad-pro/ipad-pro-10-5-inch/pcmcat1496701187787.c?id=pcmcat1496701187787
Makes me want to rent a car from Enterprise.
Yes.  I posted the same observation on /r/fastfood earlier this week.

https://www.reddit.com/r/fastfood/comments/6v2u7b/serious_what_makes_qdoba_and_chipotle_different/dlx8aoy/

My aunt has an avocado tree.  Part of the tree extends over her fence towards the street.  People steal her avocados all the time.  :(

Does Cameron have sphincter super powers?
My asshole clenched so tight that if I had a piece of coal in there, I'd have a diamond by now.