This looks like a joke and it's intentional ... It's mildly amusing. 
Monster Truck Madness! I never owned the full version of Motocross Madness, played the demo a lot though.
Gotta say, love your username. My first joystick. 
I live across the street from this restaurant, approximately. They're a 2min walk away. This is one of the busiest areas of North America's 4th largest city. Imagine it was a block away from Times Square. How many regulars do you think they have!? It is a hilariously transparent way to deflect the accusation of racial discrimination. So many people walk through that place, even if you went there twice a month, people would struggle to remember your face. You'd have to be in there every other day to have a chance in hell of one of their dozens of employees remembering you. It's hard to really describe just how high-traffic this area is. If there are regulars, they are rare. This was plain ol' discrimination. 
https://transit.toronto.on.ca/archives/maps/ttc-subway-track-diagram-2014.pdf

Theoretically you could turn a train around anywhere you see a double crossover. 

(Eglinton used to be a terminal station, so they even have a storage track - yes you can flip trains at Eglinton)
Back in 2013 they were talking about replacing the track bed between Eglinton and St Clair, since it was 60 years old and desperately needed replacing. That would have closed the subway down in that stretch for 2 months so they didn't end up doing it. It is possible there is still a speed advisory on that section as they work to rehabilitate the track bed. I noticed it back then because I lived at Eglinton but I haven't been up there in a while so I don't know if trains are still taking that section slowly, but it wouldn't surprise me - since they didn't get their 2 month closure - that the track bed work still needs to be done or is being done very slowly.

That is my theory. If it's not that, then it could just be trains bunching and needing to wait for signals to clear. Turning trains around at Finch does take some time, so the slightest delay could cause bunching.
Who cares about legal? If the limit is 80, 90 is fine. 

Here in Ontario the highway limit is 100km/h but *no one* goes 100 except trucks and grandmas. People go 110-120 (or 10, realistically, because Toronto traffic).
McDonalds (at least here in Canada) allows you to order online from mobile now. So instead of using a kiosk, I just order what I want from my phone and when I get to the restaurant I just wait for my number. It is *so* much better than dealing with a cashier.

First, it doesn't look to be a very good job, they're always getting yelled at and dealing with crappy customers, by the time a pretty neutral generally friendly guy like me comes around they're just on autopilot. I feel bad. Second, humans make mistakes inputting an order they heard said to them, but I don't make mistakes inputting my order myself since I can look it over before submitting. 

The mobile ordering doesn't look to be too popular yet (people still suck with technology), but the kiosks definitely are.
I loved it. 
Nah, actually, they'd [call your bluff if you claim to have a gun and arrest you peacefully](https://www.theglobeandmail.com/canada/article-toronto-police-officer-lauded-for-cool-headed-arrest-of-suspect-in-van/).
Ha ha. Because it's in the Greater Toronto Area. [Get it?](https://i.imgur.com/qharoXL.png)




Oh I thought that was Ladybird. 
>  Although sometimes its darkest before the dawn!

Shake it out, shake it out 
She supports LRTs where they make sense. 
Do you know what the Greenbelt is?
Starting high school is tough on you, eh?
Don't do your math by "# of chicken breasts", do it by weight, always. 

I don't have access to a No Frills, but Loblaws MLG is cheaper than Metro most of the time, and Comfort.to (delivery from Costco) is often cheaper than Loblaws but not always.
Southwest had an uncontained engine failure on one of their aircraft that killed a passenger and grounded the fleet for fan blade inspections. 

Hence, Trump is so broke ... (broken) ... that Southwest used him as an engine. It's a topical play on the word 'broke'. 
Right, I'm just saying it's not something a single government can promise, because it will take so long.
Don't know yet. Maybe none. It may be aggregated to bigger areas like "Old Toronto" or maybe even just City of Toronto in general. I'll have to keep an eye out when the election gets closer and the pollsters are out in full force. I just assumed the data would exist, to be honest. Sorry.
> Her plan to buy Hydro One is to use dividends from shares already owned

That will take decades, though. It's not particularly feasible. 
Remember he is going to defund the CBC and make NASA accelerate their plans to go to Mars and he's going to tax Apple on their Irish holdings and achieve peace in the middle east
I need to vote strategically. Therefore I will be waiting for last minute polls for my electoral district to decide between Liberal and NDP. At this point I am in the "anyone but Ford" camp yet again. I had to plug my nose and vote for John Tory since Chow was in an unwinnable place. I suppose I'll be plugging my nose again. 
*NO!* Goddammit Doug for fuck's sake
>  (which itself was based on a product from Accenture).

Oh, that explains a lot.
Yeah and the winners are chosen by Deloitte so unless you think Heart & Stroke, Deloitte and the OLG are compromised ... 
I don't understand why people think giving to charities 'for tax purposes' isn't just 'giving to charity'. The fact that you get a break on your taxes is kind of a multiplier on your donation, i.e. you end up paying less than the donation is worth, but you are still giving away money. It doesn't magically give you more money than you started with.
Aw, man, linking a gorilla_the_ape post ... Memories. 
Completely different frequencies, man.
Not if they're using locality sensitive hashing 
What, the twist lock things? Using something like [this](https://www.homedepot.com/p/RIDGID-3-Prong-to-Twist-Lock-Adaptor-AW62659/100661462)?

I don't see why not.
That's a 2015, it doesn't have 4 TB3 ports it has 2 TB2 ports, it still has MagSafe. There is no "non-TB" version of the 15" (implying there is a TB model counterpart). That is just the old 15" - there was never a TB counterpart to that one. 
[Wow, these things are going to be *deep*!](https://i.imgur.com/1azyRne.jpg) That little unshaded box in the top left is the current Osgoode station.


My 802.11ac Time Capsule with 2TB HDD has been working well for me for about 5 years now and still receives updates. My gf and I have around 12 devices on the network and I've never had an issue. I can even do 1080p 60fps gaming over WiFi using Steam Home Streaming. I hope this thing never dies, because I plan on replacing it with an EdgeRouter X + Ubiquiti AP + a NAS/media server, which will be expensive. 
> They sell 4 models of MacBook Pros (13"/15" with 2 TB ports and no Touch Bar, and 13"/15" with 4 TB ports and Touch Bar)

Three.

13" TB, 13" no TB, 15" TB

There is no 15" no TB. 
> That and he could only upvote himself from another IP address, right?

Of course not, or two redditors couldn't share a home connection, or an office connection, or a university residence ... Having a unique IP per individual is very very much a thing of the past. If you ban an IP or aggregate users under an IP together, you could be affecting hundreds or thousands of people at once.

So nope, it was just alt accounts. [Here's a SRD recap](https://www.reddit.com/r/SubredditDrama/comments/2c9ida/recap_unibanned_a_recap_of_the_fallout_of_reddits/)
[Old Man Yells at Country](https://slate.com/news-and-politics/2018/04/trump-rants-about-media-on-fox-and-friends.html)
He was banned. He upvoted himself from alt accounts to make himself more visible in threads where he replied.

It's not an ancient copypasta ... It's Unidan.

https://np.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/2byyca/reddit_helps_me_focus_on_the_important_things/cjb37ee/
He collects investigations like kids collect Pokemon cards. Whose attention will he catch next?
Online from Canada without customs

/r/CanadianMOMs

Read the review thread, Google the stores, see which ones offer what you need
That's for an Ontario birth certificate though 

> You can apply for birth, death or marriage certificates for events that have been registered in Ontario.

So only if his/her birth was registered in Ontario
~~https://settlement.org/ontario/daily-life/consumer-protection/lost-or-stolen-identification/what-if-my-canadian-citizenship-certificate-is-lost-or-stolen/~~

~~This could help.~~

no that won't help because the don't issue the Citizenship Cards /w Photo anymore. Dangit man this is hard!
> Reforming social crusader and Board of Trade President William Howland (1886–87) was an anti-vice, anti-gambling, anti-liquor, Bible-thumping mayor who coined "Toronto the Good." With evangelical zeal he set up a new Police squad to root out corruption, close dens of gambling, drugs and prostitution, and stop the "desecration" of the Sabbath.

https://www.thestar.com/news/city_hall/2010/01/03/torontos_mayors_scoundrels_rogues_and_socialists.html

Some marketing slogan! I've only heard it used sarcastically, like, "yeah, Toronto the Good alright..."
Thanks. That makes a lot of sense. 
How does that work? Doesn't insurance cost? Why would interest + insurance be cheaper than just interest with a bigger down payment? You'd also have to pay interest on the ~15% you don't put down... 

Sorry - I consider myself financially literate, but I've never entertained the idea of a mortgage. I've been saving up for 20%!
/u/cdntrix linked an article about this above: https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-04-23/lender-of-last-resort-keeps-canadian-home-buying-dreams-alive

> Firm Capital’s specialty is lending for terms up to 24 months, after which the borrower will ideally refinance the loan at one of the country’s big banks, or if things aren’t going well, head to another private mortgage investment corporation. Its public mortgage portfolio has an average interest rate of 8.3 percent, compared with about 3 percent for home loans at the big banks.
Weird, because people in Windsor can look over the river and see Russia!
Just needs a big pile of hay at the base
Sweet! I'm going to max out my 19% cards to put a 10% down on a 600k condo at 9%. Thanks for the advice dude
Financially illiterate people ... They probably also carry a balance on 19% APR credit cards. 
I like that the water cooler gives you information about exact temperature, water levels in both tanks, this would be useful for an end-user troubleshooting this clearly complicated filtered water cooler, but I feel like they could have just had a COLD / HOT button and then a tiny MORE button in the corner.
I loved driving on the Sea to Sky. I'm not saying you don't have to build *anything*. You guys also built the Canada Line, and a few venues in Richmond, right? But you still came out ahead, is what I'm trying to say. You didn't lose any money and you walked away with more transit, better roads, some new venues, some international fame, and a little bit of money. It was a good deal for Vancouver, I think was the consensus I read. 

I arrived in Vancouver where I lived for 4 months precisely 2 months too late to catch the Olympics. :'(
Anderson Cooper literally dropped his piece to rescue an injured boy during the Haiti earthquake, he supports no less than [8 charities](https://www.looktothestars.org/celebrity/anderson-cooper), and he's constantly calm and collected on TV every day unlike your president, what have you done with your life?
[Simpsons.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-o-7MmhqNfA)
Probably Canadian, like me. Your politics affect our country so much, there is no escaping it. BTW: OP is linking to CBC, Canada's BBC. ;-) Trump is headline news here... 
> The economy is nice for the short term.

And not necessarily: http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2018/01/americans-havent-been-this-poor-and-indebted-in-decades.html

> Americans’ perception of their economy tends to be based less on its absolute strength, than the direction it’s moving in. But the absolute strength has to matter some. The fact that this might be the worst full-employment economy America has ever seen is probably a (small) part of the reason why Trump is the least popular “full employment” president our country has ever known.

(but you should read the whole thing)
I heard it here on /r/politics - "well, he said he'd create jobs, he just didn't say for who!"
Eh, in North America except Montreal, Olympics break even or turn a profit ... Vancouver did well, SLC did well. Actually, London did well too even though it's not in North America. If you already have most of the infrastructure, it's not such a big expense, but *huge* tourism money ... also a great way to get pet projects built, like new subway lines etc that benefit everyone that politicians would otherwise not want to pay for. The Pan Am games in Toronto got us a downtown-airport rail link! It's sweet.

It doesn't have to be a Rio or a Sochi. I think Olympics and World Cup in North America would be just fine.

Trump has nothing to do with this ... this is a whole different mafia than he's used to. 
I hope they're still with the FBI and were just removed from the investigation. They seem like good people.
No, my favourite by far is still **M**ake **A**ttorneys **G**et **A**ttorneys. 

CDMA, yes, was activated OTA based on IMEI instead of a SIM. GSM, no, uses a SIM card. CDMA networks were very popular in America and Canada, but nationwide GSM networks nevertheless existed, so "Americans don't use SIMs" was never completely true.

Now that everyone's on LTE, everyone has SIM cards, even the previously CDMA carriers.
CDMA versions didn't, they were activated OTA based on the IMEI. GSM versions necessitate a SIM card.
Seth Meyers, is that you?
>  I wonder if this is the first president to basically ignore the PDBs.

This also means he doesn't know how to launch the nukes, since the codes change every day. Whew!

Hell, I speak English fluently and I keep the closed captioning on because sometimes the mix is really muddy and to be honest sometimes I just don't know what the hell people are saying. It's great. 
This isn't really a question for armchair lawyers like us. There are a lot of problems here ... if you don't have insurance, how liable are you for the flooding? Rent may be the least of your worries. Can you find another place to live? If you stop paying rent and violate your lease, that will open you up to a lawsuit in small claims. Will you win? I 'unno. Depends on the details. I'd argue an unlivable unit also violates your lease! There's just too many questions. 

I would book a consultation with an actual landlord & tenant lawyer, personally. Consultations are usually free but since you're not looking to sue, you might have to pay for an hour or so to get their advice. It'll be better advice than we can give you.

And if you haven't already - save EVERYTHING. Save EVERY document. Take notes or record EVERY phone call.
It's about responsiveness. If Russia launches a strike, you only have minutes to respond. You can't go to Congress and ask, you can't bounce it off too many people before you're dead, you have to act. At least, that was the idea behind the system -- nobody really foresaw this. 

I'd like to think even Trump has enough self-preservation in him to not do something so stupid, but who knows?
At least where I'm from and everywhere I've been, individual cars in a trainset are numbered, rather than the entire trainset, since they are modular.
There are ways to account for that... You weigh them to redistribute so it matches the distribution of actual available stock, or to some standard distribution. Hopefully they did. 

But, you have a point.
Not really how it works man. If it was 4 transactions instead of 10 you'd have a point, but many thousands instead of many many thousands is still a perfectly fine sample size.

Edit: ok if the distribution changed and no one accounted for it then the numbers are garbage 
It must be frustrating living inside your head.
>  for example, sales are way down but those units that sold were on average larger (more expensive) than the sample of sold units from the previous period

Did you read the article? Price per sqft went up significantly too (which controls for the size of the unit).

And let's be realistic - a 66% drop in transactions is absolutely not enough to make the data 'very noisy'. I think you underestimate the volume of transactions. Perhaps a refresher on confidence intervals is in order.
You will absolutely never notice that on your battery life. I get what you're saying, but the backlight - even LED - easily dwarfs by many orders of magnitude the tiny current that keeps the liquid crystals aligned. Still, you're technically right, they need power to stay dark.
No it's not a thing they do, he was trying to be funny I guess, if this story ever happened. 

https://www.cineplex.com/Theatres/ClosedCaption

Pretty much all of them .... 
> it also saves some battery when working on a laptop

No it doesn't 
When they finally call a penalty it’ll totally change the game. Gotta be careful.
Most people in America don’t know what TD stands for.
No, it adds a text label to the incoming call that says "TOP SPAMMER - The Consulate ..." something like that. It's cut off in my Recent calls list, unfortunately. 
I have TrueCaller on my phone so it just shows up and I can block it. I got one yesterday. 
Psst, he's from /r/metacanada. They were doing over there, exactly what this article is about.
[It seems like he misspoke...](https://www.google.ca/search?q=%22millennial+area%22+baseball&spell=1&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiL2NrCw9XaAhUOWqwKHcZ2DOUQBQgmKAA&biw=1440&bih=781) 

But there is a quote here re: a Seattle area thing:

> An atrium at one end of the arena called the Millennial Area, where there will be a bar and people circulating, “will have a spectacular view of the Space Needle.
It's OK, I was thinking either climate change or death. CGPGrey likes to talk about preventing death (in a video, in podcasts...) so in that context it's obvious, but to me it seems like climate change is the #1 problem we are lagging behind working to solve right now partially because of charlatans at the pulpit. But, hey, can work on two problems at once, so let's do the death thing too. But if I'm going to live forever I want it to be somewhere nice.
The timeline given at the presser (by the Chief or Det-Sgt?) is that he rented the van, posted the cryptic message on Facebook, and drove to Yonge St. They are treating the Facebook message as 100% genuine, which means they have more than enough confirmation. I don't know why everyone is in such denial about this. How many authoritative sources do you need? Facebook has more to go on when making their confirmations than just a screenshot of the profile page. 

I understand thinking it was a hoax yesterday, it looked like one, but it's confirmed now.
Him being an incel who was also studying Computer Science, I'd say the chance he wasn't an active redditor is somewhere near zero. Unfortunately. The site has a very wide reach, to be fair.  It's possible he even posted here, for sure.
Predominantly does not mean exclusively.  They are waiting for identification and verification before releasing any lists.
From the presser: Victims are predominantly female. Ages between mid 20s and 80s.
Nope. [Not in Canada.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terrorism_in_Canada#Islamist_extremism)

VERY few deaths attributable to Islamist extremism. We have our own problems, don't spread your nonsense.
So does the Ontario Photo Card.
You should rent a car to take the test, because you WILL have to restart at G1 eventually and that's a pain in the ass. It's more of that you're shooting yourself in the foot - you won't be able to rent a car, drive a friend's car, etc without a license and you're soooo close. Can't you borrow someone's car? Also, some cars rent as low as ~$30/day. That's not that expensive!

It's perfectly normal to have an Ontario Photo Card and use that exclusively as ID. A lot of people do it.

But you are so far in the process (and have spent money to get this far), it seems like a gigantic waste. Renewing your G isn't that expensive and you'll be able to drive!
Seriously, they've got to have a mugshot by now.
1) Your job. Think 'occupation code'.

2) An individual identifier. Who you are. Think 'employee ID'.
He broke bail, they found him at his girlfriend's house. [He's in prison.](http://toronto.citynews.ca/2017/11/30/forcillo-serving-sentence/)
Forcillo for shooting Yatim.
Yes. No.
>  Referencing Chad's and Stacie's, (American culture)

No, that's incel culture. They are an Internet collective.
Contacts in TPS.
https://twitter.com/mattbraga/status/988785784789577729

Beyond all expectations, it is real.
Huh, it looked so obviously fake. Bizarre. 
It was unrelated. Apparently that man collided with a pedestrian outside the entrance to the parking garage. Not sure about anything else.
Sgt 4chan lol. Okay, dude. 
Yes, if you watch the video, it is multiple shots composited. 
You can deposit foreign currency cheques there. You have to write your account # on the cheque and put it in the deposit box, it's not exactly an ATM, but that's one thing they're good for. Can only deposit CAD at ATMs and with the phone.
Where did you hear such nonsense?
Took me a second to clue in why the hell everyone was calling Clinton 'her'. I believe her campaign was branded 'Hillary' for that reason. 
>  I struggle with food

If your food is still struggling, I recommend a bit more time on the stove.
... plus, guys, Craig's not famous. He's an executive at a tech company. A well known one, sure, but he's not an actor, he doesn't do concerts, you can't buy his merch. :P
I hate using reddit on my phone. I have so much more control with the desktop client + RES. Threaded conversations look stupid on a narrow screen, it's hard to follow them. Yuck. reddit on mobile is a last resort.
Yes, just tell them, "you sound like you spend a lot more time talking than you do reading". 
> you sound a little bias

My god, like nails on a chalkboard every single time. The word you are looking for is 'biased'. 
> Germany shut down its nuke plants

Idiots.
This is a stupid thread.
It's common but I've never lived in a building where it was that bad. Neighbours peeing, jeez. I can hear their kid crying sometimes. Definitely music and doors slamming. Their taps? Only if the pipes make a sound. So while it's not normal in my experience, it's not unusual (to be loved by anyone). Just a building with crappy isolation. 
With housing prices the way they are, we'll all be living in shipping containers soon enough.

But just to comment on the article, this isn't a novel idea. Repurposing shipping containers as homes has been in the news quite a bit. It's neat, I guess? Insulation for efficient heating in the winter is going to be a pain in the ass. That's really the chief complaint. They are darn impossible to properly insulate.
How high are you?

I don't mean 4/20 I mean how high are you. 

Yeah, they're loud, if you're right beside them. I stayed many times with people living on the GO lines. But they're background noise. I'm sure it's awful on the 1st floor, but it's not so bad on the 20th. Just a faint rumbling.

Plenty of people live around Union and don't hate the trains too much? I lived above a subway station once and slept just fine? Dunno what to tell ya. You will definitely hear them, but they won't wake you up. I personally don't mind the rumble of trains, but to each their own. 

I have to deal with medivac helicopters cuz I'm right beside hospital row. Eugh. Not only is someone dying, but the helicopter is projecting itself right into my bedroom. Quelle horrible. 
Yeah it was mostly high school kids ... and older 30-ish employed people like me and my gf just passing through since we weren't at work in the late afternoon ... but the 50+ year olds are probably hippies, not pedophiles. You've got a weird way of looking at the world. 
Uhhh. Nothing is my favourite, it's a typical chain restaurant. Might as well ask what's good at Jacks or St Louis or the Keg. Just read the damn menu and decide for yourself, you weenie. 
Most people were. Even if the photograph doesn't show it. Smoking weed isn't a continuous activity, you can get ripped af in a few bong rips or a few hits off a joint. You're not going to see the crowd continuously smoking or they'd be asleep before sundown. But there was a haze in the air, I guarantee you!
You probably shouldn't answer for the photographer, who is [Giulio](https://www.flickr.com/photos/gvfx/19413024526/) not Elliot. 

He has marked it 'all rights reserved' which means you can't use it for any commercial or demonstration purposes without acquiring those rights. 

Realistically speaking since it's on Flickr I'm sure he'd be flattered if someone used it as a wallpaper.

But you are not the photographer. 
[June 2015!](https://www.flickr.com/photos/gvfx/19413024526/)

[Aura lit up in July!]
(http://urbantoronto.ca/news/2015/07/aura-illuminates-downtown-night-lights-tested)

Good catch, damn. 
Card and Kreuger? You'll find that there is no evidence that a rising minimum wage affects unemployment in the long term. As long as the central bank does its job and inflation stays at reasonable numbers, a rising minimum wage transfers meaningful wealth to the people closest to the poverty line, who are least able to express much freedom in our society due to their economic position. It's also a widely held belief among economists that this is not a zero-sum game - if you rise up the poor, feed them clothe them educate them, they will begin producing, and society has a net benefit, an ROI if you will. This is modern economic theory and it's the reason for a minimum wage, not socialist thought. It is a bit of redistribution of wealth from corporations to the poor but we say it is necessary for the betterment of society. Otherwise corporations would mine every inch of land with labour that they only feed table scraps, because a corporation's goal is profit for shareholders, exclusive of all else. I don't blame them much for being exploitative if it's legal, why wouldn't you be? So we don't make it legal. It is a way of telling businesses you can't exploit your workforce, if they give you so much of their time, they deserve to have a minimum standard of living.

I'm not sure why this is so hard for you to understand. To seriously advocate for no minimum wage in Canada sounds like you are just ... I don't know, probably still in high-school, or just not that intelligent, or don't know much about economics, or all three to be honest.

edit: P.S. This is CAPITALIST theory not SOCIALIST. The idea is a long-term ROI for all of society which individuals would not achieve without regulation. 
You sound like you have very, very, very little experience in the real world. I would advise you to stop spreading your ignorant opinions and read more. It is incredibly obvious to everyone reading just how little you understand what is being discussed, and frankly, it's embarrassing. 
What happened to Aura's light tentacle thingies? Anyone know why they're off?
Thanks for engaging with my content as always, gramps. Can always count on you.

Now that the thread is removed -- who are you using for Internet these days? I'll still with TSI. 
Nothing sketchy about it man, maybe you were sketchy. What the hell 
Here's my picture. https://i.imgur.com/wBhSFyO.jpg

I think it's nice. 
The first generation PRESTO readers on street vehicles on OCTranspo were infamous for failing in cold weather. I liked to make jokes about that.
Ah, okay. As I said I wasn't 100% -- because the PRESTO implementation in Ontario predated TTC engaging S&B for the faregates, so I assumed. It looks like I'm wrong!

... should still be noted Accenture does the software for PRESTO so it's not like the literal hardware is failing ... they display the OUT OF ORDER screen quite well, I'm sure the keypads and displays and card readers work fine when the machine is out of order .... but I might be wrong about that too. Sorry, man. :'( 
Not 100% but I don’t think the PRESTO self serve kiosks are from the same vendor 
Herr Employee to you sir! 
 Scheidt & Bachmann is a fairly respected manufacturer of fare devices. If you've traveled outside of Toronto at all, you've probably encountered their devices ... working just fine. It's bad that there was a problem in this implementation, but it's good that they are repairing them, and bearing the costs. That's a lot more than we can say for Bombardier. 

Infrastructure rollouts inevitably have problems. It's just unfortunate that we are stuck with Accenture on the software side... they will not be so accommodating. 
I'm glad to see I'm not the only one who read the article and came in to say "lordy, there are tapes". I am either unoriginal or slow or both. Sorry guys.
He doesn't! He's a council member of a poor ward in Washington DC, as in the city. He's not federally elected and his constituents are a small group of very economically disadvantaged people in DC. He's just one vote on city council in one city. That city happens to contain the federal government.
Hah, yeah, he's a council member of a very economically disadvantaged ward in DC. To call him a "DC lawmaker" in a national paper is to be intentionally misleading, IMO, I think it implies he's part of the federal government and not just one vote on city council in DC.

Come to Toronto where our city councillors say all kinds of ridiculous shit all the time! NEVER ENDING TRAIN OF ***FUN*** IN MUNICIPAL POLITICS!
> I went to the Home Depot the other day, which was unnecessary... I need to go to the Apartment Depot, which is just a big warehouse with people standing around saying "hey, we ain't gotta fix shit!" 

-- Mitch Hedberg
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Betteridge%27s_law_of_headlines
Government and aerospace conversations both consist of 90% acronyms and initialisms. This thread is about the intersection of government and aerospace. What did you expect?
A Winnipeg Whiteout sounds like a sex act
Seriously, I'm not getting older -- they're all getting younger.
"There is some commonality"

WUZZAH?

"There is a trend."
lol why is her mic being aired
You could eat the decorative cabbages in the park. 
Because I don't know how to beat the market. I just write software for an analytics company. I don't know how to bet on volatility and win. 
I invest in index funds and make monthly contributions and rebalance. My specific account (in Canada) I don't deduct from my income tax, but I don't pay income tax when I withdraw. 

Thanks to Trump I am down $1000 since January.
Corporate tax has a large part of it, but let's be real, Trump has introduced a lot of volatility into the market. Big banks THRIVE on market volatility. I'm pretty sure Trump creating massive sell-offs and sudden recoveries and driving the VIX to record numbers, has helped these guys trade on the volatility. They wouldn't be big banks if they didn't often win.

I'm sure corporate taxes had a lot to do with it, but the effective tax rate was never 35% for a big corporation anyway. Amazon paid an average of like, 12%? Overall Fortune 500 paid an average of 22% I think? Sorry, I'm quoting from memory an article I read on this topic yesterday.

I wonder just how much can be allocated to corporate tax, and how much can be allocated to volatility.
Doing it by yourself without institutional support is not how massive developments happen. Most developers solve business problems, not novel solutions to academic problems. And the latter very much need institutional support for their work. And everyone is compensated very handsomely and you can still publish. Your hypothetical isn’t reality. I’ve been doing this a while, business and R&D. 

Or you can get paid peanuts to teach [edit: although most profs I know get paid pretty well to teach but it depends where and what, and they consult on the side, AND do their research]. Then you can publish your novel research and own it too. 

It’s all still better than the warehouse. 
Damn. I was 2007-2013, ours were magstripe and had an expiry date. We could use them in vending machines though! Contactless makes sense, but I'm more amazed that someone updated the damn printers at UW than the cards, to be honest.
I'm OK with being wrong. I've gotten a lot of emails from various City departments that say they're 'investigating'. Hopefully there's a better resolution for you than a form email.
You don't really have any kind of background in computer science or software engineering, do you? Not if you use sorting as an example. 

Look, kid. You don't understand the industry of software development. Or, you don't understand academic research in computer science. Or, you don't understand R&D in software engineering. You don't understand what you are talking about. You are embarrassing yourself quite massively. I wouldn't be able to keep a straight face in a conversation with you. 

But sure, kid. You let me know when you develop your million dollar idea. I'll be around.
> If you come up with a million dollar algorithm

lol

Reality is difficult for you
> Programming was my passion all throughout highschool but I can't honestly see myself doing it as a professional because of that, 

No offence mate but you're definitely still in high school, but to be honest I don't think you're clever enough to make it anyway. We very much do own the work that we do - just not in the legal "sell it to someone else" sense, of course, since we'd already sold it to our employers. But we get to take pride in it, and we get to tell people about it for future employment prospects, and people remember the things that you've done. And we're rewarded richly.

But you can't do it. 
What's more likely is they voted in some idiots who get kickbacks and acted against their constituent's interests ... since that's usually the way PPPs happen.
Heh, unless I'm misunderstanding the nature of the email you received, "Opened a complaint file and will be investigating" is just City-speak for "we've received your complaint and will be following up on it when we get to it". Think of it like a helpdesk ticket. "We got it, we'll call ya!" You did not start some investigation in the legal sense unless they said something else that would lead you to believe that. 
Watcards do have expiry dates.
Nobody's perfect!
Please, the Surface Laptop and Surface Book and Surface Pro can't be repaired either. They are garbage laptops, our IT people deploy them at work, I have a Surface Book myself. Or I should say, I'm on my second Surface Book because the first decided to have a delamination problem with the display. They didn't fix it, they just gave us a new one. Great. 

Don't praise Surface line for a damn second in a thread about poor repairability. The Surface line has *none*. 
I'm not being elitist and condescending or at least that wasn't my intent. I intended to make fun of you a little bit for asking such a silly question, but in a lighthearted way. If I went into a car forum and asked them whether I should have a Porsche or a Lada, they'd give me a bit of ribbing too. 
No, the consensus is that Eclipse is awful and terrible and anyone who has used it professionally can tell you that, whereas IntelliJ is generally liked by most people who use it professionally. If you think the consensus is that they're about equal, your Google-fu fails you. 
> Is JetBrains better than Eclipse?

You just made a lot of people laugh and shake their head at your naïveté. 
Pretty sure he's Canadian too.
> I went to school with a Russian girl who I loved and I would have dated

That's relevant. 
This is Linus's signature "style". [He says](https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/8839ad/we_are_linus_tech_tips_a_youtube_channel_that/dwhk1n1/) his feet sweat too much to not wear the socks, but they sweat even more if he puts the socks in shoes. He vehemently opposes all deniers of the socks-sandals paradigm, which he calls optimal footwear. 

I like Linus's videos. I sold him a video card once. But you will never convince him about the awfulness of socks/sandals. 
I know a response in the negative isn't particularly helpful, but no, I have not noticed a change. I exclusively drink tap water at home and it's just... same ol' Toronto tap water. Sorry. I'm not sure how water treatment and distribution works exactly, maybe we're on a separate supply. But honest to god, it's all just the same today as it was a week ago. 
While I would not keep rabbits in such conditions, you will find that rabbits can very quickly make a hyperbolic "mountain" of feces and make any space they're in smelly and unclean quite quickly. If someone has a cage and living quarters for their rabbit that looks like it was kept up at one point, it simply could be the possibility that OP visited at a time where they had left it alone for a while. It's alive, it's just dirty, and it probably doesn't care too much. It's certainly not abuse. It's so far from the criminal requirement for animal abuse. At the same time, while I'm making counter-points, it is possible that they are just awful pet owners. That being said, whichever is the case, it is not the third-party being granted privileged access to the residence's decision, and no court would grant a warrant on that advice. 

There are hoarders who keep mountains of cats in mountains of feces inside their home and that STILL doesn't, generally, give the government the right to come in and admonish the property owner. 

It's a very specific set of circumstances. I firmly believe in, "don't buy a bunny if you don't know how hard it is to care for a bunny!" but I also firmly believe in privacy and property rights. And since the animal seems to be fed and healthy enough to interact with OP (what kind of bunny will let a stranger clip its fur?! not any bunny I've ever met) I think the invasion of privacy by a privileged third party here is extremely out of line.

But sure. Maybe I'm totally wrong. Find me a court that will agree with you. Maybe we'll hear from OP and they will say definitively that I was very very wrong. 

But I'm not. 
Yes, right around the corner from where the police bust down the door because of a hot tip because of someone letting their basement smell with a rabbit with poo on it's butt, we will dine on rabbit and ask for a wine pairing. Get a grip. 

The Animal Cruelty law in Canada actually says "unnecessary pain .. without lawful excuse". My statement about you being able to kill, eat your rabbit and make a hat out of it is totally true. Try to find a court that will convict you, if you humanely slaughter a rabbit. We literally do it in restaurants in the City. 

Find me a court that will grant a warrant on the tip of some contractor or technician that had privileged access to a private residence that found a rabbit in a smelly basement with poop on its butt. 

You have no idea what you're talking about. Nor do the downvoters. It's absolutely absurd. The law is about prevention of torturing animals - dogs in freezing temps left outdoors, in hot cars, leashed inhumanely etc. It's about torture. Not about ... smelly and poopy rabbits in a home. 
I normally have a tl;dr when Steve has a point, but in this case, he's just looking over the data to tell you how things are. He says capacity is down overall on Queen, and there will be a further disruption for projects in 2019. This isn't really a "politics of transit" post, more of a "data geeks will find this interesting" post. At least I do. 
Yeah, the Rogers tech concerned about a rabbit with some poo on it's fur is going to get a warrant to enter ... You are crazy sometimes, reddit. It is almost absurd how divorced from reality you are.
It is private property and your job isn't to do that. As bad as it sounds for animal welfare that rabbit is their private property and they can kill it, eat it and make a hat out of it if they so choose. If your job takes you into people's homes, you should respect the great privilege that actually is and respect their right to privacy. As much as I am an animal lover and absolutely admonish people for mistreating animals, this is absolutely not your place. 
Um, ask your GP. He'll refer you to a urologist. 
If they are familiar with the system and the compiler, common elements become really really obvious. You do get used to it when you're steeped in it for a while, you can just see what the compiler did there and it's like in your head an entire section folds into a high-level label. Plus, modern RE tools will let you go in and label code, so you can mark things up. If you watch them work, it's not like they understand the whole thing, just pieces at a time and then create enough comments to guide themselves through it. And of course when I mean 'familiar' I mean incredibly, intimately, years of practice familiar.
Well, hi. Here I am. 
So, when the thread talks about 'lol Pivo did something dumb on reddit', you think they don't know my username? You are literally the last to clue in. It's not even a secret.
I budget $250/mo and I rarely hit it. I spend closer to $100-150. I split with my partner though, so I'm not buying single-serving things for one person at the grocery store. We'll do maybe 3 big shops a month and split it evenly. 

I also have a budget for fast food - I eat out for lunch at work sometimes, after work sometimes. And a restaurant budget for when we want to go out. 

All in all I budget $500 for just me for food per month, but I don't hit it like ever. It's more likely that, if you exclude bars, I'll spend around 300 between groceries/fast food/restaurants. I'm pretty frugal though - I skip lunch at work to eat leftovers at home, I make tea at home instead of going to a coffee shop at work, I don't go to fancy restaurants nearly as often as some of my contemporaries. I still think I spend a lot. 
Ask your GP for a referral. I've had my ear pinned back (OHIP paid for it so why not) and I'm getting a medically necessary septorhinoplasty, but from a plastic surgeon. The first, referred by my GP. The second, referred from my dad's GP who referred me and then he retired from surgery and referred me to his friend who is continuing the surgery practice. 

Everyone has been absolutely fantastic and has great reviews on Google and I have absolutely 0 complaints, so really, I wouldn't trust a stranger to tell me which doctor to go to - I'd ask your doctor!
We have some jerks on /r/toronto. Try not to let that taint your experience ... any further ... 
I don't know, I have worked for many large organizations in Canada and no one would survive bullying and harassing a woman for her looks, or for any reason. It's just not done. I've worked for plenty of women in power in traditionally male-dominated fields. I got admonished because I called a coworker's solution to a problem "gross" (I meant it in a technical way ... it was a hack, doing something you're not supposed to do). 

I'm just a young-ish white guy though. I think the culture is overwhelmingly clear that this is unacceptable, but maybe your industry is more of a boy's club here still. I don't know. Sorry you experienced that. Don't really have any advice.
LOL well if you're literally at Union now, I guess so. 
Oh, I hope so. I was 16, I didn't know! You break something, you go to the hospital, right? Hah.
Hm, that's weird, the one time my card got locked due to a negative balance I was able to revive it at a self-serve kiosk, with a surcharge (of course -_-). Maybe try that. There are self-serve kiosks practically everywhere on the TTC now. But also try contacting customer support through the channels I mentioned. Live chat is probably easiest, but they might redirect you to someone else. 
In what way did it stop working? You can email or call PRESTO card or live chat with them on their site. I expect they will be less than helpful though. 

When mine 'stopped working' - autoloads never worked, online loads didn't register, but I could still load it manually at a kiosk and use it to board - they promised me a callback multiple times and never came. I just ate the $6 and bought a new card and the new one works. \*shrug\*
Generally on days like this, while schools are open, no actual lessons happen since so many kids are missing it'd be a waste of time. I remember on days like this that I still went to school, we'd watch educational films or do some problems that don't count for any credit or 'silent reading time' or what have you. Bullshit busy work all day with everyone kinda taking it easy.

Eventually I told my parents to stop freakin' sending me to school on days when I'll be one of the only kids there! And that is how you get snow days in Toronto, you make your own.

FWIW it works for adults too. Half my office is out today, and not many things are going on.
When I visited the Czech Republic in 2006 I went to a small hospital in Nové Město na Moravě because I broke my toe (I tell people it was rescuing children from a burning building, but I broke it by slipping on the stairs to a water slide) they actually put a below the knee cast on my leg. When I got back to where I was staying I looked it up and found that that was absolutely ridiculous so I went back the next day to get it removed. That's how I learned. Either way, that hospital got 40 CAD equivalent from Sun Life for their trouble ... Fun!

edit: but then we went to the bar and I sat down in (tripped into) some bushes on the way home and all my new Czech friends drew on it https://i.imgur.com/mU50uAD.png
Near zero? They're not going to charge without evidence. In this case, the report is that the deceased man's photograph (already dead) was found on the accused's computer.
All the animals are on the roads instead, harrr!
I think you'd have to find a bunch of friends who want to, I don't know anyone who carries their desktops anywhere anymore though. 

But gaming Internet cafes exist, which is basically just a business based on the concept of a LAN party. It's more fun with friends ... if you want to play alone, it's better at home. I used to do it a lot as a teen with my buddies, if I couldn't reach them at home I knew they were at Digicom. I really sucked at Dota and WC3 but I could kick your ass in CS, L4D. Everyone played a lot of WoW too. But this was a long time ago.

It's fun for group games where you can yell at each other without involving microphones. 

edit: it was also pretty cool that the owners let us get away with us smoking a ton of weed and bringing the occasional 24 into the cafe but that's its own thing 
My cats have been their normal selves. They don't know what's going on outside... they can probably feel the air pressure change when a front moves through as a lot of animals do, but 10+ years being an indoor cat, have probably learned to ignore it. 

Cat report: Aloof and sleeping awkwardly all day as usual.
That's because Node is extremely stupid. Forget it, ignore it, it will pass. I don't know what kind of twisted mind took a look at JavaScript and thought - yeah, I want to write backend code with THIS. I suppose at least it's not PHP. 
Hi guys, Toronto and Vancouver want to chime in to remind you that if you think half a million is a lot for even a starter house, you're living a pretty charmed life.
Pokemon didn't exist in 94. 
If you are a fan of Fallout games, play NV, it's easily the best in the series.

If you are not particularly attached to Fallout's structure and story, Fallout 4 is fun, but it feels really generic and it's just not as great as the others.

The dog is cute for like 2 seconds until he reveals you and gets you killed all the fucking time.
Basically, SmartTrack is a brand name for what GO was going to do anyway and our planned service levels aren't even what they're discussing internally, not to mention there's a mismatch with planned fare integration. Also funny, Steve gets upset that Metrolinx says he's going to trash their report, then he goes on to trash it.

tl;dr: SmartTrack was a lie, and we all knew it, but hey 
I went to the meetup last night and if you were there I'm sure we met and had fun. MOVING ON I need to do laundry ...

but also it's hilarious how fucked aviation is in Canada right now because of this storm. So a buddy of mine was flying into Toronto from Tokyo, his flight got sent to Montreal while Pearson was closed, they found him another flight but then waited like an hour and a half for a gate. My other friend is flying to Panama for a wedding via Toronto so she didn't even know last night if she'd be able to land in Toronto to make the connection, luckily the weather cleared up for a bit overnight to let flights in and out. 

This is like THE WORST conditions to try to put a plane through, you'd be crazy to try.

Buddy works for AC out in Vic and he's saying they are currently continuously dealing with the fallout because planes can't get positioned properly to make their flights out west and so eeeeerrbody is getting cancelled. 

Even people in the lobby of my building were complaining about flights and the storm! It seems like we're all OK here on the ground and everyone remotely involved with airplanes is screaming AHHHHHHHH IT'S A CLUSTERFUCK.

Me? I'm right where I want to be - in bed next to you OP. Happy 2nd anniversary. Just have to do laundry.
Pretty sure that's the joke. 

"Lady driven, breaks well"
E-transfer provides you with all the documentation you require to prove the payment was made. Don't worry about it - it is actually pretty standard, I've seen it all over, I've done it myself to a landlord. Since it's Interac to verified bank account, it is highly traceable. Maybe not as direct as cheques, but far more than cash. I'd rather take an Interac Transfer over cash any day, and would prefer the convenience over cheques.

Remember there are daily limits. 

This is not legal advice. But cheque is onerous for both parties if e-transfer is an option. 
Engineers of that doorframe just thinkin' well I would never get approval to run that kind of test but thanks for proving it for me 
[It actually is a tried and tested turnstile.](https://www.scheidt-bachmann.de/en/fare-collection-systems/products-solutions/ticketing-devices/)

For some definition of tried, for some definition of tested. It is used at multiple agencies worldwide and provided by a company that by all accounts seems to be a pretty reliable vendor of this kind of hardware. 

As the integrator, I'm sure Accenture found some way to fuck it up. 
Ah, I spent 7 days in London once upon a time... Bought acid off a guy in Camden and wandered around the City of London with a buddy looking at all the government buildings and pretty lights. Tried to catch a Eurostar to Paris but it was like, 70 pounds when we were looking at doing it, then 230 pounds each when we actually wanted to go. Damn airline pricing on trains. Went to a nightclub underneath an old public toilet, forget what it was called, Giglik or something, but you guys used to build underground public toilets, all sold off and repurposed now, the bands there saw my big camera and assumed I was a pro there to work so they waved me in, asked me for business cards after the show. I tried to send them the best shots I had but I was twisted. Went to all the museums, art is fun.

Should have seen a 70mm show. Now I know. Next time. 
70 is IMAX, yeah? I actually haven't had the pleasure of seeing one of those yet as an adult (I did see a 70mm film about rollercoasters at the Ontario Science Centre Omnimax as a kid). There are only 2 theatres that project 70mm in the Greater Toronto Area and none are near me so it's a bit of a pain to go. Everyone else has moved to DLP. 
It's not even that long ago. I'm not even 30 and I remember being blown away by watching The Matrix on my IBM Aptiva with a Creative PC-DVD player on my Sony Trinitron. That was like, the coolest thing ever as a kid, watching shitty broadcast TV all your life, it felt like the movie theatre was being projected right into your home, even though it was only 480p displayed on a relatively small CRT.

And that was only 18 years ago. I'm not that old. People are so so spoiled with resolution these days - some phones with 4K displays! Pixels you'd struggle to see with a magnifying glass, in your pocket! Connected to the Internet.

It's really kind of amazing how far we've come in such a short time, thanks to high-density storage, high-bandwidth networks and ever improving display technologies.
Hahah, how quickly we forget. 720p is actually called Standard HD. 1080p is Full HD. 

DVD is 480p max, or about a third of the resolution of standard HD. It was often lower - it was often even interlaced. 480i is not uncommon in NTSC. 
VHS is analog as well

So are audio cassettes. People do use them as a lark but mostly for collecting. People like the 'vinyl sound' which is a bit warmer ... no one's trying to claim vinyl reproduces a master better than digital. I think it's the aesthetics of the medium that people like most, really. Phillips cassettes just aren't as sexy.

But don't be confused. Methods exist of recording digital data to audio cassettes, as any old computer hobbyist could tell you. 
If you've ever watched a 1960s movie like Breakfast at Tiffany's or My Fair Lady in HD remaster (because you SHOULD!), you'll see how good film can be even after all this time. It's better than DVD quality ...

Dunno about 9mm, was that a thing? 16mm was a thing. 16mm ... is not so great, not compared to proper films shot on 35mm. 
tl;dr: Drivers are happy because buses flow easier in traffic, transit users are upset because streetcars carry far more people so buses are packed and crush-capacity

We definitely need more, bigger streetcars with better traffic management like on King St Pilot (and with better enforcement). Then MORE people could get to where they're going FASTER, transit users and drivers. 


> When did Assad agree? 

In 2013! Under Russian and US pressure, sure, but his government agreed to the UN Convention.
Russia wouldn't use nukes in response to conventional weapons in a proxy war. Not even Putin would have the support at home to do something like that. 

Everyone is keeping nukes off the table, but certain groups are using chemical weapons, which we all agreed were off the table too. That's a problem. 
Sleep, reddit meetup (and watching hockey) and more sleep.

edit: and I guess I should do some laundry


Cost of leaving isn't so bad, it's the cost of staying that gets 'ya. 
I think for monthly data, you should annualize it when compared to yearly data ... or, take the average of yearly data when compared to monthly data. And you should store the series in some sort of standard way so you can scale them on demand, so millions billions thousands it doesn't matter. It REALLY doesn't make sense to compare annual data points to monthly data points on the same chart at different scales -- makes it meaningless IMO.
I got my instructor in shit because I bragged around the club about how we practiced landing in 20kt+ cross in the 152.

Look, sure, it's not demonstrated by the manufacturer. But it's a lot of fun and doesn't have to be dangerous, as long as it isn't too gusty. My instructor saw that I loved crosswind landings, and let me have a good go ... You should try! In a safe environment. The world doesn't explode if you exceed 12kias. 
I love booze and drugs but I think this man loves them more 
There is probably some velocity for which the shift in wavelength would be too small to detect by any detector you could build. 

There is a semi well known joke, maybe you've heard it. Cop pulls over a guy who has run a red light, he is a smartass and says "but officer, due to the Doppler effect because I was approaching the red light, it appeared green!" So the cop replies "then I'll cite you for speeding, too". 
> and work a new one with you in a year or two."

Or three, when crazy people aren't driving ... 
Hahah, yes, but this guy in his car ... is not. I was agreeing with you that he is not experiencing the Doppler effect visually, but your emergency siren example doesn't hold for light ... you have to be hauling ass QUITE a bit faster. 
[Millions monthly for trade](https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/EXPCH)

[Billions annually for farm output](https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/A2000C1A027NBEA)

This could be better displayed on the chart, /u/economicsbrowser 

Heh, I can't really agree with you there. No potential employer has ever brought up transcripts, grades. No one's even asked for proof I attended the school. I guess it does depend on the field. I write software. Maybe a civil engineer would face different questions.
In the butt.
... sound, sure, but for it to affect light in any meaningful way you have to be going a not-insignificant fraction of the speed of light, relatively.
> due to the Doppler effect

Shit, son, how fast do you think they were going, some non-trivial multiple of c!? 
That depends on the make and model. Some trucks break faster than others. My friend's breaks all the time!
/r/shittyaskscience
> So long as it is an accredited college/university, no employer cares.

Trust me, they care. People at gonna look at UOIT a lot different than Waterloo for Math/CS. People respect UofT a lot more than Dal. 

In the end people hire the best person for the position, but any initial screening is going to be easier with a 'prestigious' school in your field. 
I know, that poor girl omg, "hey go on TV and say I know McJobs are supposed to be embarrassing but I was really proud of making manager!"

Like it's good for her, managing a McDonalds probably isn't easy, but jesus...
> goalie interference challenge 

are you trying to start a riot man
You're never far from vice on Vic Park. This is next levels of stupid.
Fantastic. One day after we complain about them opening up in the middle of nowhere, the government complains about them opening up next to a school. 

These things will never get built. We're screwed.
That I don't know. I do know it's going to be called the StarMetro Toronto I don't know if it will be distributed in the same fashion. 
Yes. Torstar owned it for ages, but now they've consolidated it in part of rebranding effort. 

See here: https://www.thestar.com/news/canada/2018/04/02/good-news-from-the-star.html

and here: https://www.reddit.com/r/askTO/comments/8bd9z9/metro_newspaper_gone/

Specifically

> As of April 10, visitors to metronews.ca will be directed to thestar.com and the Metro app will stop publishing.
Literally everyone in my office pool picked Jets for this game except one random weirdo

I am now tied for 1st place with 4 other people who also picked all the winners last night. 

I'm not sure if betting on hockey makes it more or less fun, but hey, at least it's for charity. 
> TL;DR pick up 5

Or patientgamer it up and buy it like 2 years from now when your computer can run it easily, it costs like 20 bucks, all the bugs are fixed and it comes with all the DLC...

I'm not saying you shouldn't spend $60-80 on a AAA Ubisoft game in its first few months, I'm just saying you have options. 
Teavana is still a going concern? 
McLovin is a cat, he's an orange tabby that is INCREDIBLY ok with being in public. He very much has an owner, he's the jerk that yells at you if you try to photograph the cat without paying him. I don't know his owner's name. 
PRESTO not working happens pretty frequently. How old is your card? I've noticed a few people -- myself included -- that bought a card during its launch, can no longer autoload, online reload, etc anything that requires the card balance be updated by the reader and not by a kiosk (like the machines that update the card directly). I solved that problem for me and my friends by buying a new card.

Now, that's probably not that's affecting you. 

I'm not surprised PRESTO is throwing you a server error. Welcome to Accenture software. My advice to everyone is to either set up autoload ONCE, make sure it works, set it and forget it -- because at that point it's an action initiated by your card, see, not an online load. OR If you don't want to autoload, only load money at kiosks. Do not online load, do not pass GO, etc. Those things are kinda broken on PRESTO.

Just set up an autoload or use a kiosk to directly load. That's my advice.
Avg 1 bed is 311k in Scarbs and that's at a whopping average 623sqft which is the size of what 2 beds are selling for over 600k for in the old City of Toronto. Your average 'studio' in Scarb is 246k which, fine, is not the biggest with an average 350sqft ... impossibly tiny, really ... but 1brs+dens as big as 830sqft sell as low at 238. And 830sqft is bigger than my 2br old build in City of Toronto.
 

Is that lowest going to be the best place in the world ... nah. Avg 1+den is 350k. But, I wasn't making shit up. 
At Vic Park and Gerrard, with a McDicks and a Tims and a FreshCo? OK... Put one at King and Dufferin and Queen and Spadina, form the trifecta.
It is generally pretty slow. Like 30 days+.

Dermatologist from a walk-in, ehhhhh... Sometimes it's like, the referring office tries to book something, they get a fax about your pending appointment, then they never call you about the fax.

I can't tell you how long it'll be, I know I got an appointment with a dermatologist in about 3 months, but FOLLOW UP. Call them and ask - what's the status. You're not going to make it go faster, but if they don't bother to notify you, calling and asking is all you can do. 

Doctor to doctor stuff is all through fax, patient to front office is all through telephone. Good luck emailing, good luck waiting. Just call. Get the business card of who you are being referred to -- and call them too!
Only to women ... Even though dude is super jacked, he folds in the presence of men, even half his age half his size. He is an unusual individual and clearly very mentally ill. It takes some serious effort to get banned from the entire downtown core (or at least any private properties there - Eaton Centre, etc anything on the PATH) and the TTC.

Last I saw him he was blocking a lane of traffic on Yonge St just south of College Park by doing pushups in the street.

I'm glad he's taking his meds. I wouldn't characterize him as aggressive as in he's going to hurt you physically, but if you're a woman alone he's going to intimidate you and that's just not fair. He's a jerk, but he's got problems.

If you haven't seen Zanta, it means he's doing well. 
He’s a mentally ill individual currently medicated and in recovery. If you see him it’s bad news. 
I play video games and hang out with my cats instead of going to concerts and shows. Saves a lot of money. Also, no car. Gave up my parking spot for $100/mo less rent. 

My situation is weird, but just because it doesn't generalize, doesn't mean people making < 100 have to feel poor and marginalized in TO ... we're not there yet. 
5.14% is on the high end of interest, condo+property tax of $550 is on the extreme low end. It does change the calculus though. 
Sure, individually we pay less for rent than we would renting alone anywhere in the city.

But I could carry the place alone. I wouldn't, but I could. 

My individual situation doesn't matter much when talking about generalizing about the city tho ... 
Thanks for bothering to read and actually do a bit of math. 

I'll collect my downvotes in this thread for emphatically saying "you don't need to be an individually wealthy person to buy property in this city!" but it comes with the territory I guess. 
2400-ish between the two of us.
Oh?
A family earning 100k today with 20% down can afford a place worth ~570k under the new rules. You could get 450k with an individual making 90k. 

The article is correct but the headline isn't. You don't personally need to make 100k to own a condo in Toronto. You don't even need to make 100k to own a luxury condo in the core, if you have 20% or more down. 

The headline tries to set it up like "you can't afford to live here" but you totally can. Households earn more than individuals, full stop, and not every condo costs >500k, and even if it does you COULD probably carry it on 90k IF you had a big downpayment. 

The article says that this will get harder and currently renting is more cost-efficient. No one has read the article. 
Well, no, for an individual maybe, but you can buy a 1br in Scarborough for like 250k... If you want a big condo somewhere close to the core, yes individually you'd prolly have to make at least 80 to make it viable, but realistically HOUSEHOLD income is higher than individual income and for a household it's totally viable. 

It is expensive to own property anywhere in the city, that much is true, but it's not quite so dire as the headline suggests. 
Which with 20% is right on the limit ... 
I dunno, work for a few years and save? I make less than 100k and I can save ~2k/mo while renting ... What's with you and parents? Are you talking to yourself or your buddies from high school lol 

Downvote all you want but then you haven’t read your own linked article 
Hahah, that's bullshit. If you put 20% down, carrying costs of the 550k condo + taxes + fees are going to be slightly higher than rent but not by much. If you make less money you're going to have to spend a higher percentage of your take-home on housing, but it is absolutely not gated to individuals making 100k+... Clickbait headline! 

The actual article, aside from the silly headline, is actually saying that condo supply is on a downward trend and prices are going up, and renting is more cost-efficient. I won't argue with that.

But yes you can buy a 550k condo if you earn less than 100k/yr. No one would recommend you do, but you could. You could afford it, if that's the ONE thing you want... 
Nah, I've met Spider Man, Sticker Lady, McLovin (and his owner), Zanta... and I never heard of Homeless Cowboy Tour Guide. He must be new! Document his adventures and we'll add him to the lost pages of Toronto weirdo history. 
You can't even leave negative feedback on eBay anymore. 

It was great ~15 years ago, eBay is a dump now. :'(
> Due to globalization and the fact that average starting salaries in Toronto have gone down dramatically (from $60 k in 2006 to about $45 k in 2016)

Hate to step on an old convo but you're wrong about this http://www.statcan.gc.ca/tables-tableaux/sum-som/l01/cst01/famil107a-eng.htm

Median household salaries in TO have done nothing but rise, often faster than other CMAs, and I have data on a more micro level than this if you don't believe StatsCan's summary. Torontonians are getting richer on average faster than inflation full stop. And that's not politicized speech that is just boring old statistics.
Torstar's owned them for ages, but this is part of a rebranding effort.

https://www.thestar.com/news/canada/2018/04/02/good-news-from-the-star.html

> As of April 10, visitors to metronews.ca will be directed to thestar.com and the Metro app will stop publishing. 


Grilling MPs is the Canadian media's job.  It's harder with SHS because they'll be denied their press pass to the WH if they step out of line. Pretty hard to get denied access to a public presser with an MP though.

A lot of people thought that motion was a bit weird and too general though (and seemed a bit out of line even for federal Liberal politics especially because it did so little with so many words), which is why you have everyone teaming up on the MP. 

It's pretty rare that the media goes hard on someone like that. It was just a really contentious motion. 
Sure, let's just take you seriously for a second. You imply there are city workers literally placing bikes across Toronto that are unrideable simply to keep our 'aesthetic' as a bike-friendly city?

Some simple questions to ask you.

Who pays for these bikes? Which city employees are doing this and how much are we paying them? What kind of return on investment are they getting - surely it must be positive, or we'd have a real hard time justifying their expense to the tax base? Not a single person involved in this conspiracy has ever spoken out about it, even now that everyone vomits everything up on Twitter?

Just take two seconds to think about it, man. It's far more likely that a lot of people in TO own a lot of shit bikes that they let disintegrate on a bike stand, and again just personally I see a lot of people riding bikes that I wouldn't. How much more likely is that, than a vast government conspiracy? 
Yes, people do lock up decrepit bikes. But your theory is akin to chemtrails and moon landing denialism in its insanity. 

For what it's worth, I see people ride their decrepit bikes every day on Bloor. 

https://i.imgur.com/rPhWaKY.png
I don't know who you are, but a quick cursory glance of your comment history, you hate on small-L liberals and generally talk shit to people ... I dunno who you are, but I have to say, the crowd usually leans left. Sorry. We're pretty diverse, hate generally isn't accepted.
Come to the reddit meetups, second Saturday of every month at the Artful Dodger. We have fun ... lots of people late 20s, early 30s. Plenty of ladies, plenty of guys, whatever. We have fun.
Try Realtor.ca, if you want to engage with a realtor to rent a condo (the landlord pays -- it's free to you). Unfortunately 1300/mo might be a little low it to be worth a landlord's while to engage with a realtor, but you may as well try. The one time I tried it I basically picked neighbourhoods off a map where I wanted to get listings from, his automated system would email me listings, I'd email him about which ones I wanted to see and he'd set up the meeting. 

If you want to rent from an institutional landlord, like an apartment building rather than a condo, like a REIT or whatever, they seem to post a lot on Viewit.ca. 

Remember that vacancy rates are really low in Toronto and sometimes on the low-end landlords will list/post a lower price online to try to encourage a bidding war. If you don't have your credit report ready and a certified cheque ready to go within a few hours of the viewing, you might just get passed over entirely - or get outbid by someone.

It's not easy, but between Viewit and Realtor.ca and doing your due diligence, you should be OK ... 1300 is reasonable for a bachelor, but I know for a fact my old ~400sqft place at Yonge and Eg goes for like 1500 these days. Crazy. I was only paying 1140 in 2012!
My friend's boas had babies back in high school. First he had two snakes, the next day he had over 50. Life finds a way. Apparently a litter that large is rare, though.
As far as other unusual control surfaces used in rocketry in the atmosphere go, I think we need to give a note to the humble [grid fin](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grid_fin). They're absolutely not used on takeoff and have nothing to do with >1 thrust to weight or anything like that, but they're literally just fans that stick in the air and control rockets .. or falling things.... anything moving ridiculously fast through the air... Soviets put them on missles, now SpaceX uses them to control Falcon 9 on the way down. They are literally just little fans that stick out in the wind and can fold up small (which is why they're used instead of wings or more traditional airfoils) and are probably my favourite weird control surface *ever*. 
> You people are smarter

Hold my beer .... 
DuPont is a plastics and polymers company and also a street in Toronto home to many industrial parks for better or for worse, Bathurst is a place name in England (and Australia), Spadina is actually a native word (that means 'street of many Chinese restaurants' ... but also 'hill') and St Clair is a bastardization of a Scottish surname Sinclair! 

Literally none of them are how you tie a knot. And don't capitalize the second P in Dupont, we didn't actually name the street after the plastics company ... Pretty sure it was named after a man, George Dupont Wells. The company was named after a Frenchman named du Pont. Weird!
Fine, let's discuss it. Ford said he'd bring back the program, a community member told him - no, Doug, this was a racist program that really hurt the community. And he said - ok we'll bring it back and rename it, you happy?

Smart. fucking. governance. By the dumbest populist in the province.

Will you stop being a Doug Ford apologist? Personally I've started practicing jew-dism, I've even discovered my wife is Jewish. 
HFT was definitely a thing 17 years ago. Has been in full force since around the 80s ... although methods of automated trading have been around since like, the 30s. 
> Also the main reason the New York stock exchange got shutdown on 9/11 is because the World Trade Center was on fire.

Funny way to put it, but NYSE was never in WTC. Totally different building.
Geomagnetic pole reversal is one of those things that you can actually say "it happens with regularity and humans have no control over it" and not be a liar. If it kills the birds -- that's planet Earth, not us, man. We have so little control over Earth's magnetic field. 

So yes. Nothing to worry about. Unless you own satellites. Then worry, slowly. The birds will be fine. They're the closest living things to dinosaurs so I'm pretty sure they'll outlive us. 
Really? I only pay $24/yr.

Tuffmail.com 
"Viggo's character in LOTR? Damn, you guys are young. Jessica Rabbit? Damn, you guys are old... Deanna Troi? Seriously? She's hot, but like, adult hot... Not sure what a kid would see in her ... 

GADGET FROM RESCUE RANGERS? I've found my people."

Yeah, Gadget was my first crush. 5 year old me loved her. After that it was a girl on Much Music and then Britney Spears I guess, but Gadget was my first. 
I can't believe this is /r/iamverysmart and the thread is literally bragging about SAT scores and teaching people Latin. 

We have really come full circle. 
p.s. maybe you can apply online without going to Ottawa or FCP

http://www.imi.gov.my/index.php/en/visa/evisa.html
He's linking you the same address I did, the one you found 'permanently closed' on Google. First Canadian Place is the gigantic white skyscraper on King St and Bay, you literally CANNOT miss it. It's literally the gigantic white building that dominates the street. Says BMO on the top? Suite 5130 means 51st floor, 30th suite. If it's there, you'll find it. If it's not ... 
I haven't been there, I don't know, but FCP is where they'd be. It's either that or go to Ottawa to meet their main mission in Canada. Dunno what to tell you dude. If they're not at that location in FCP, you're screwed. If I still worked on King I'd go and check it out for you but my commute takes me in the other direction. Good luck. 

If you do want to go to Ottawa, it's not such a bad trip! 
I'd like to think I have hobbies, family and am a social person. To each their own. 
It'll cost about $100, it can be available next-day, as far as I know you get it at their consulate First Canadian Place Suite 5130, bring your passport, come on a business day. 
From which country do you hold a passport? 
Malaysia doesn't require a tourist visa from Canada for stays under 90 days 

Canada is specifically exempt.

You will receive a 90 day permit upon arrival with your Canadian passport. 
> ou have no car so you're stuck in the same basic area unless you pay a significant cost though. 

Not exactly. I'm pretty mobile on transit, you'd be surprised. To certain locations, I'm faster than cars. I like to tell my friends that I take a multi-million dollar vehicle with a personal driver to work!

But you're right. I can't pop over to Aurora and no I don't play golf but if I did I couldn't do that. I used to fly airplanes for fun, not a lot of buses go to airports with flight schools (except the Island which is expensive or Buttonville which is awful). So I can't do that.

You're right ;-) But owning a car wouldn't be that expensive, if I wanted to. You can have this life and own a car ... if you want ... 
Chill, grandpa. Geomagnetic pole reversal happens maybe once every half million years or so. If one does happen it will take DECADES (because it's not magic, it's the earth's core shifting) and everyone will be able to prepare for it. But it's not going to happen in our lifetime, most likely. But if it does, we can prepare for it. If you have any investments in space-based assets don't worry they're not going to randomly die. 

I'd worry far more about space junk and solar flares than geomagnetic pole reversal if you're going to be concerned about satellites.
5 days ago 

https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/89cjpb/birds_can_sense_earths_magnetic_field_thanks_to_a/
It can be burdensome I agree but between OHIP and private insurers I have paid less than 1000 dollars out of pocket for my health care across my entire life (I'm only 30-ish tho), including drugs, ambulance rides, surgeries ... We could have it so so so much worse. And even if you don't have a good policy through work, fuck, you're out 40 bucks for the ambulance? That would be multiple thousands of dollars in the US. You're right to be annoyed, we could definitely be better, but let's take a step back and understand we do have it pretty good.

And people in the UK pay for parking, drugs and ambulance too... Dunno about the Swedes and the French. 
Even the worst policies cover ambulance rides. I'd be extremely surprised if yours didn't. I know you've already paid it, but you can very likely get reimbursed. It would be listed under 'emergency care' or something like that. Contact your insurer. It's not a difficult process, normally you can email them the invoice and they'll just direct deposit or send you a cheque. I'm with Sun Life and I can do a whole claim online. It'll alleviate at least some of your frustration. 
And you opened a claim with your insurer and sent that invoice to them to get reimbursed, right? 
At 9pm on a Saturday literally 2 minutes after posting ... /u/dobs used to have notifications on his smartwatch, do you just have them pumped into your eyeballs??
There's a lot to unpack here and in general I agree with your frustration (you were replying to agree with me after all) but I'd like to make two points. First, if your GP isn't making appointments with specialists on your behalf, get a new GP ... Mine doesn't have the *greatest* front office staff but they at least call people on my behalf. That's like, their only job! Heh. Second - paying CEOs lots of money is far from the weirdest thing in health care. Running a large organization with thousands of employees is not easy and if it were we wouldn't have to pay these folks so much money. You reduce their compensation, they'll go to the private sector and get paid even more there. It's not a big surprise that top execs at Toronto hospitals have a 6 figure paycheque ... I don't really know what you think $1.2M is going to buy Toronto hospitals but that's not even half the cost of one MRI machine. 

P.S. Even if you have shitty insurance, ambulance ride should be covered. Unless 40's your deductible? Let me know if you need help going over your policy, filing a claim can be annoying sometimes.
Hahah. Yeah, I guess her mom is Czech, so it probably was her who started calling her that. I'm just sayin' we'd call her that the same all across the continent, Ivanička or 'Ivannichka' in English if you want to be RIDICULOUSLY cute about it, but absolutely not a name for an adult woman in politics ... 

It is what it is. You're right though, the Czech connection is there.
Not exactly Czech. It's just Slavic ... Russian girls are called Ivanka too. Slovak, Serbian, Croat, Ukranian girls named Ivana get to be called Ivanka. Until they become adults then it's just weird ;-) 

In Czech I think we'd call her Ivanička! 
> I think it's pure insanity to let something like WordPress inside your firewall

We're in agreement, but a lot more people are insane than you realize... Most CTOs I know prefer to keep everything in house. If the company deals with any PII, signing any kind of contract with a third party becomes infinitely harder, which is another incentive to keep things in house. Especially if you're already hosting stuff ... what's another web server?

Trust me I'd keep it outside too but people just don't. Hopefully Tmobile did. 
> Not sure why you felt digging my personal history 

Don't have to dig; have you tagged. 

Don't worry, I know exactly why you have low quality of life. 
Yeah, we run services in house but fucking email of all things are with a third party.

I hear you. Not everyone hosts things in house, it's true. I still don't think it's meaningless to get control of a company's servers, whether it's inside the network or not ... but of course it'd be better for the intruder if it were. 
Big companies don't like to host things offsite if they don't have to, easier to throw something on a server you already own than enter into another contract with a third party. So, the blog is probably somewhere on their network, web server account probably has local admin -- do you think having local admin inside of a company's network isn't a big deal? If not, feel free to give me admin to all your company's web servers.
That guy calls people "useless Liberals" for voting differently than him and is generally abusive all around reddit, it's pretty safe to downvote him and move on. He's deleted his comment history because he doesn't want you to know that he's actually a huge troll... 

edit: he's also still in school so I'd take all of his 'professional income' bullshit with a big grain of salt. This isn't a person you'd come to for advice on how surviving in the city is, this isn't a person with a lot of life experience, this isn't a person who interacts well with others.
Mental health. 
I write software for an analytics company. I work from home 1 day per week, my boss loves me. My girlfriend loves me and I work 10min away from home, she walks to work, and we only pay 2400 for a HUGE 2br condo. I don't drive, I used to, but I could. I put nearly half my take-home pay into an investment account. I can do anything I want and I'm close to friends and family.

My quality of life is fucking great. But not everyone lives this life. Lots of people are spending tons of money on rent, working for employers they hate, while dealing with health problems that the system just isn't set up for. Think about them when you vote.
Bird strikes entirely depend on how big you are and phase of flight. They can be absolutely devastating and need a rock star to save everyone as Sully showed, or it could be a complete non-event. Generally speaking eating a bird in an airliner will at least disable that engine. You can fly on one but it's not optimal. If you're a single engine Cessna like me, you'll probably ruin your prop and be making an emergency descent into some poor guy's field. God help you if you're over water -- we train for these things, RIGHT!? 

Generally you want to avoid birds in critical phases of flight. ;-) 

It is rare though and there are procedures for making sure no one dies. 
Not a lot of bird strikes in the flight levels ... 

It would hurt an airliner to ingest this thing through an engine. That's why I quote big sky. It's a highly survivable event, no one's going to die, but the reality is you're better off playing the lottery than trying to hit a weather balloon. It's a really big sky! 
If it's under 4 pounds you don't even have to notify the FAA full stop. If it's between 4 and 6 pounds there are some regulations but like I said, it's a 'nice to have' and basically a NOTAM goes out LOCALLY ... which no one en-route will read, who are the most likely to encounter the device ... And the NOTAM is basically just 'see and avoid', again which no one cruising on autopilot in the flight levels is going to be able to do as they pass at 500kt.

I'm just being realistic man. I am happy OP is attempting to comply with every regulation possible. That is good to see in the aviation world, very good to see. I'm just saying the effect isn't really of such great magnitude that the thing needs minute to minute GPS coordinate updates like some were speculating. It's barely a blip on their radar, pardon the pun.
Wait, what? How am I being a snarky dick or shitting on it? Because I said the FAA doesn't really care about 'a little hobby thing'? Their deal is making sure passenger planes with 400 souls don't die, it's not remarkable for the FAA.

I think what he did is SUPER cool. 
He makes it sound really elaborate but realistically it's not too accurate and when there's someone launching a weather balloon it MIGHT go out as a NOTAM *maybe* but it's one of those 'nice to have' aviation things, like pilots warning next ones about weird winds at the field. I'm sure formally on paper the FAA pretends they care a lot about your little hobby thing but realistically they don't and you can notify everyone you want but pilots won't hear about it.

Look up "big sky theory". Generally pilots aren't too worried about hitting small things. It's a big sky. Really only concerned about other traffic, and weather. 

edit: I should note 'big sky' really only applies en-route ... as long as you're away from approaches at a major airport, no one cares until you're dropping humans or are approximately glider-size ... everything else is a nice-to-have that no one will hear about ... the guy in the Boeing in the flight levels isn't going to hear about a bird-sized object somewhere between the ground and him as he flies by at 500kt 
Whoever predicted this headline is like a million dollars richer because none of us saw this coming
>  And the odds of them taking a parking 'ticket' to small claims court are slim to none. 

Literally the filing costs are more than most tickets they issue are worth, and it's a case they will lose (since they have no evidence that you agreed to owe them the money --- they can't issue fines). 


 No I don’t live in Waterloo anymore.  I am in a bad mood and I was too aggressive. Sorry. But you really shouldn’t give these companies the time of day. 
DO. NOT. ENGAGE. Why do you think their whole operation feels bogus?? They scam people into paying 'fines' that have no force. That is literally the entire operation. It's a scam, it's just legal for some reason. DO. NOT. ENGAGE.
It literally can ONLY HURT YOU to engage with these companies. There is NO reason to engage. Your advice is bad - awful, really, your joke was bad, and people like YOU make this place garbage. 

I accept your apology.
Don't fucking do any of this, this guy has no idea what he's talking about. The whole thing is a scam and it's not legally enforceable and the credit agencies won't take their word for it that you owe them money. Ignore them and DO NOT ENGAGE. 

"Take it to the parking overlord" --- do you live in a Tom Clancy novel? Get a grip. 
> [But if you get one, "you can throw it in the garbage," [Toronto lawyer John Weingust] confidently declares.](http://www.cbc.ca/news/business/marketplace-parking-private-lots-1.3851956)
Hahahah, you drive a Nissan Micra! 

Is that your backseat passenger or your rear quarter panel?
That's actually on Edward, not Elm. And yes --- fucking fantastic. Just don't try to dine in, the place is a zoo. Take out recommended. 
lmao a Canadian Trump supporter never seen you in the wild... you realize we are overwhelmingly laughing at you right? that's not even me being cocky that's statistics and polls. in general Canadians hate people with your values - even conservative Canadians. enjoy your self-imposed gulag, weirdo.
I'm not even a bro, I write software for a living and I only own one pair of jeans. Why did you decide to pick a fight with me on this one instance? Because you think it's inconvenient to replace posters on the TTC with funny ones? It's probably the lowest form of vandalism ever, it barely inconveniences anyone, it's funny, it doesn't require a lot of effort or money to reverse... I'm really struggling to think of why you picked this hill to die on. Or, I guess as my downvotes show, MY hill to die on. But seriously -- what's up, dude? You wouldn't get a laugh out of silly posters on the TTC? You don't think it's harmless? Literally gum on the seat inconveniences people more than subversive posters. What's your deal?
There's really nothing good for cheap here. You'll want to go down and over to Kensington, or Queen West ... Yonge and Dundas is just chains and questionable takeout. I mean, I live here, I survive, I eat, I go to the grocery store ... Surviving off takeout here would be a bit brutal. 
Can I plaster 'LOSER' all over your face? Or will you call the cops

Or maybe you could not be a moron and understand the nuance in replacing advertising with subversive messaging which causes no damage and maybe you could JUST get a clue I dunno or not I guess we can fight I'm not very strong though let's just say you're not smart
U ok bro?
Don't be silly. Chris and Leanne have no idea what's going on with this random redditor's account, other than he claims a CSR said he couldn't help him because he had a Mac. There are issues to address here, and certainly TSI needs to hear about their CSRs falling short, but when Chris and Leanne talk about unprovided equipment they are just trying to eliminate all sources of problems. Just like when I had an issue via TSI with rCable, the guy who came out tried to eliminate not only my equipment but the entire building's equipment by running a wire to my unit directly from the tap .... it's just smart troubleshooting. They won't say it but what they mean is "are you sure YOU'RE not causing the problem? can you prove to us it's not you so we can open a ticket with the incumbent [which costs money]?"
He isn't the poster you're looking for.
You should get on the MDP program ... Only 134 per month.
Sure if I got to witness the whole thing, I'd wake up early in the morning and pay to print the things, why not? 
Knowing guys who work at dealerships, it gets a hell of a joyride if it's any kind of fun car. 

I don't go to dealerships for service anymore.
What is expensive to you?
That's pretty fucking hilarious. For maximum effect they should print it large format, get on a train early early early in the morning, and swap it into the poster displays ... It's not hard to get those open. Oh, gosh, do the wide ones up top too, they're trivial they just slide in and out. Man if I were an OCAD student and had access to a large format printer and a lot of time on my hands, I would really really love to do this.... \*cough\* If only somebody with those privileges would use them for a little fun! If only.
It's OK - my given name and surname are actually "dude".
It's normal to address people by their surname rather than their first name unless you know them on a personal basis.
'van Velzen' makes him sound like a comic book antagonist.

Who are you to tell me how I address people?! You're the one who posted this stupid editorial - what's your name?
Nah, Andrew. The parade sucks but the party is fun. It's a highlight event in Toronto summers, past and ones to come. It's bigger than just one organization now. It's a city-wide celebration. Politics aside - fuck you!
I'm in University-Rosedale dude, I'm going to vote, and I'm going to vote with the majority here, but it goes to the wind either way because we're a lock. 

I just hope the rest of the province can smarten up. Getting heavily involved in municipal politics during Rob's Reign took a lot out of me. I don't think I could keep up with Ford and Trump at the same time without dying of lost hope. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SSKJqEY5EOo
No, you don't need microtargeting to get certain voters in Ontario incensed about government 'waste' and modernised sex ed programs. The Liberals had over a decade of power and managed a feeeew scandals, some pretty bad, but the OPC has already managed a few big scandals without even forming government ... 

I'm with you man, I lived through Rob Ford. I was at the protests, I took pictures, I took signatures, I hand-delivered dozens of clipboards of signatures to present to City Hall... I hear you. I was there.

The suburbs don't care. He promises fiscal results that aren't remotely possible, he lies through his teeth, and they eat it up. He's a wealthy man with a failing business that styles himself the everyman and people lap it up. I couldn't tell you why, but the parallels are stark.

We're in for a rough ride, boys. At least the Leafs are having a good year.
It's still very early, but polls are showing PCs quite ahead, yes. 
> Exactly why I don't live in Ontario.

I'm here for family and job security, man. My heart is in BC.

> Seriously though; you're right, and we can't. 

I was in the audience while a colleague of mine presented [his book](https://www.amazon.ca/Could-Happen-Here-Canada-Brexit/dp/1501177427). tl;dr: No, based on mountains of statistical evidence, Canada's values are far too different for it to *easily* happen here.

And here we are. 
> Canadians are just too laid back. It's too cold here to get that worked-up all the time. We saw right through that shit.

Don't get too complacent. Ontario is about to elect Doug Ford.
Ugh just put the thing in the thing and be done with it. \*slams door\* You wrote down that thing, yeah? Well give 'em a call and tell 'em they have to do whatever.
> So many closer major streets to use as identifying factors,

Nobody from the 905 or beyond knows what the fuck Gould or Gerrard is man, get a grip. 
Just pay the fares as you need them. PRESTO card costs $6/ea, and the TTC cash fare is only $0.25 more if you're not using fare media. PRESTO makes the TTC to GO transition a lot easier, no need to go to a kiosk and buy a ticket, but you'd be spending money for the convenience.

A TTC week pass would be a nice donation to our transit system .... but I doubt you'll be taking the TTC the 5 times per day needed to break even over 3 days. And unless something's changed, it won't get you on the GO.

edit: That being said, if you live in Ontario, you should get a PRESTO card.
Someone at the Sun got paid to write that headline and for that, I salute them. Everyone used to do quirky pun-filled headlines. 
I recommended it to be glib ... I've eaten there three times and gotten sick twice ... But hey it is cheap and it's in the area. 
[At least one](https://www.npr.org/2018/03/03/590583598/before-trump-announced-tariffs-icahn-sold-off-millions-in-steel-related-stocks). I'm sure quite a lot.
Hangar door ... 
Argh, it's so frustrating when people talk authoritatively about this project without having read the first thing about it. 

Like you ... stop that!
> I'm not interested in internet from an ISP that has tech support that doesn't know what they're doing.

The people who run the network know what they're doing ... TSI had an absolute explosion of customer demand recently, they had big issues where they had multi-hour wait times for a CSR because they just didn't have enough people. Well now I guess they got people but they're still a little rough around the edges. Don't pay them too much attention ... Talk to TSI on the Direct forum on dslreports.com . The employees there are actually helpful.
So you don't let just anyone look up by ID.

The issue was the endpoint wasn't secured. Consecutive IDs is a perfectly normal design decision. 
>  I'd imagine there's a lot of work porting to a new CPU.

Nope! In most cases it's just picking a new target and hitting build. If you optimize for a specific arch, drop down into assembler to do some weird tricks in the middle of your program, generally that's not portable and you might have an issue. But very very very few people do that. Most software just needs to be recompiled. 

The big issue with moving PPC -> Intel wasn't because of the architecture change, but Carbon was deprecated so everyone had to rewrite in Cocoa. If Carbon got an x86-64 Intel port, nearly everyone's code would be recompile-and-go. 
> Heat is also why we no longer have 3GHz+ stock clock speeds.

Except we do? Most high end parts from Intel these days are stock around 3.2-3.6 and turbo up to 4.0-4.3+. 

I get what you're saying, we're no longer trying to get speed the NetBurst way, but clock speeds are increasing.
> they just anounced that they will make their own chips.

Correction: they already do, and have for a long time -- for mobile. They didn't announce anything, Bloomberg ran a story that says sources say they have a project to replace the Intel CPU inside Macintosh products with an Apple-designed one by 2020, but nobody has announced anything and even though it's likely the project exists, no one knows whether the hardware will ever actually ship.
You can get an adapter at the Apple Store, they're supposed to be cheap but I've heard they even give them out for free if you ask nicely. Then just use whatever damn earbuds you want. And they're in every convenience store here too ... dunno where you're looking. 
I live here. Yes there is. It’s just north of Gould. 
You could eat like a king for $15-20 at Ali Babas at Yonge/Dundas. 
Yeah it was a big day on the Internet. It's not that long ago ... 
[At least one in general](https://www.npr.org/2018/03/03/590583598/before-trump-announced-tariffs-icahn-sold-off-millions-in-steel-related-stocks) but I'm not sure about *this* encounter. I'm sure quite a lot.
Careful guys 3-1 is dangerous
LOL! I see exactly what happened here - and it's hilarious.

These kinds of questions - how much you agree with the statements "The male is the head of the household" "Marriage is between a man and a woman" are EXTREMELY typical for building a POLITICAL / social beliefs profile on someone. The questions aren't inherently offensive, if you don't agree you just say you disagree with the statement. You can ask them the other way around too. SOMEHOW this bozo market research company hit 'generate' on their stupid survey and I guess someone clicked to include the political / social  profile in a shopping survey.

This isn't some nefarious stuff ... They're typical questions ... I've seen them many times before ... the context makes it hilarious. Like,

"Did you enjoy your recent trip to Costco?"

"Did any of our team members perform exceptionally for you?"

"Do you like it in the ass?"
Escargot are snails not slugs and you are paying top-dollar for the ones without deadly brain parasites hope this helps 

(also it's delicious)
Um, Richmond is in BC.
Hm, used to see them everywhere in North York at G. Ross Lord, and yeah in Guildwood although not often on the streets. 
> speeding up access to their customers (somehow).

https://blog.cloudflare.com/announcing-1111/

> While DNSPerf now ranks 1.1.1.1 as the fastest DNS resolver when querying non-Cloudflare customers (averaging around 14ms globally), there's an added benefit if you're a Cloudflare customer using our Authoritative DNS. Because the resolver and the recursor are now on the same network, running on the same hardware, we can answer queries for Cloudflare's customers incredibly quickly. 


> If one of your friends account was compromised, they can just log into it and see everything you have posted, even if your privacy is set to friends only, as well as any private messages you have shared with the compromised individual.

What? No, that's not how it works. "Log into it" ... They never got login info or API keys for control of the account!

The app permissions were too ... permissive, and allowed them to mine the person's friends list for demographic data, but not private messages jeez. 
All it requires is that it's safer in the vast majority of situations, but a non-insignificant number of unusual situations it has to be rescued from. In totality it would be safer  just because of how many situations are perfectly normal and typical, but we still wouldn't accept crashes and deaths in exceptional situations.
Er, no, you misunderstand ... Blowing snow obscures LIDAR and snow on the ground obscures road markings, lights, signs. Humans at least know what the environment looks like, even if they suck at dealing with low traction. 
with a human backup though. Certainly they have been rescued from bad situations. Don't pretend like the technology is *already* safer ... they still can't really deal with snow. 
I feel like this is for frequent Facebook users. I rarely check it and never feel like I'm 'missing out' if I forget to.

I imagine for me, quitting reddit would lead to a profound reduction in stress levels. I feel disconnected if I haven't checked the front page for like, 12 hours.
I got Windows 7 through my uni which got upgraded to Windows 10 that is tied to my Microsoft account. So, I just use that license whenever I install Windows on a personal machine. Why would you buy it more than once?
2080 is right around the corner for us though. 
Heh, your version of AnyConnect is newer than mine. I'm on 4.3.02039, copyright still says 2016. Works fine for me!
I can tell you at least in Canada that our 'metropolitan areas' are defined by Census Metropolitan Areas most formally, where it's defined as municipalities with a certain commuter flow into a 'core'. Here in Toronto for example, the StatsCan Toronto CMA very closely matches to what people often think of as 'the Greater Toronto Area'. 

I am guessing that there is a similar process in defining NYC's Metro area. If you are including parts of NJ and CT, it makes sense that it would be commuter flows. I'm pretty sure it's somewhat of an industry standard.

StatsCan's definition:

> A census metropolitan area (CMA) or a census agglomeration (CA) is formed by one or more adjacent municipalities centred on a population centre (known as the core). A CMA must have a total population of at least 100,000 of which 50,000 or more must live in the core. ... To be included in the CMA or CA, other adjacent municipalities must have a high degree of integration with the core, as measured by commuting flows derived from previous census place of work data.

tl;dr it's not drawn by 'people from Chicago' but worse -- statisticians 
Now this, Alanis, is irony. 
Why do you keep astroturfing, Anthony? I thought they banned your account.
You're not giving it any time ... Try leaving it closed for 1-2 seconds before swinging it open ... 
> not sure if work on all games.

Obviously. Command line arguments will be extremely game-specific. 
Next you will discover pepper on eggs

P.S. Try adding some cottage cheese to your garlic mashed potatoes. That's not something lots of people do -- but I love it.
I make programs faster by using *more* RAM. 
Yeah, there's a too much smoke in the Trump Russia story for there to be no fire, and it's with Putin and his people. 

You need a little more than a hunch to start accusing people who immigrated as children, McCarthy. 
> He was born in Moscow, Soviet Union and emigrated to the United States as a child.

Dude. I was born in Moscow and came to Canada as a child. I'm as Russian as Stoli bottled in Latvia. 

That's one hell of a reach you're making there! People who escaped the USSR with their families, don't tend to be huge Russia supporters.
Of course! When Trump was announcing his steel tariffs, I wondered to myself -- he calls his 'friends' at night to talk, surely some of them have some skin in that game. 

[Because of course they do](https://thinkprogress.org/trump-ichan-steel-imports-cf7deb8beaf0/).

> Billionaire investor and longtime Trump confidant Carl Icahn dumped $31.3 million of stock in a company heavily dependent on steel last week, just days before Trump announced plans to impose steep tariffs on steel imports.

> **Before February, Icahn was not actively trading Manitowoc stock.** According to regulatory filings, he did not buy or sell any shares of Manitowoc between January 17, 2015 and February 11, 2018.

The timing is so convenient. 
You should report it to the police just in case she made a report. 
At Apple, maybe. Not at a lot of the other brands. 
Yeah. Some guy upthread messaged Home Depot from Canada and got the US retail support. Home Depot is Home Depot Canada's parent company but they operate pretty independently as far as I know, US retail won't be able to help much with a Canadian retail problem.

It may have been launched ostensibly as 'US and Canada only' but I think like all new Apple services, it's actually really US only ... and it's just not being region-gated for whatever reason.
I'm guessing they don't operate in the UK?
It's not the crypto guys stealin ur ramz tho, it's an industry wide DDR4 shortage because of... pick your poison... 1) poor yields on new processes 2) fab capacity shifted to LPDDR4 for mobile 3) price fixing

Lucky I bought my 16GB in Jan 2017. I paid... $119 CAD for 2x8GB 2666. I bought my 1080Ti for $1079 CAD in Jan 2018 :'(

I can see why people would buy pre-built ... as long as they're using standard components you can upgrade, instead of some proprietary crap.
I read it was US only, [here](https://mashable.com/2018/03/29/apple-business-chat-imessage/#5ibNil.oWuqP) it says US and Canada. Either way Canadians are getting connected to US support.
This is US only.
> So you're too lazy to spend an hour setting up a dual boot

LOL you have no understanding of this market 
Possibly your Samsung TV just has horrible lag, hah, some TVs really suck with input lag!

I use Steam Home Streaming for Rocket League, GigE host to 802.11ac  client, feels pretty much the same as directly on the desktop. 
> If it's the latter, there's a subreddit for it where they recommend parts together that work together for good..

/r/buildapc 
> Not only was it a camel reskin

Yes, to make it looks like a chocobo. It was hilarious. You also got a big flaming sword. It's totally out of place in the game, but it's a funny Final Fantasy tie in. 
> So how does it keep track of lost time?

\*head-desk\* 
Hahah it looks like the schedule switches to SportsCentre at 21:30 so the app decided that's blacked out? I was watching on Fibe (Internet) TV. I think someone fucked up the show description / settings in the schedule ...
he's just asking this nice message board for help with his new trains! :D
>  I think this is pretty much Corsair helping cover for industry friends who can't meet demand.

it's a joke for enthusiast gamers who buy Corsair products, it's called social media marketing bub. it's not a press release 
i do it when im on the toilet into the bathroom garbage can
Well you could look at it non-cringy in two different ways:

1) The ex was trying to take the trains, either because she believes they have a lot of value or because she wants to spite him, so he's celebrating

2) He's making a self-deprecating joke like "haha divorce sucks but at least I still have the trains", which is pretty funny in a dark way

I'm willing to give him the benefit of the doubt ... 
That's not really how iOS works 
>  with no proof

You actually believe that, don't you?

Just because it wasn't broadcast on Fox News doesn't mean the allied countries didn't get enough proof to immediately switch from "we await further information" to "immediate action".
You and everyone fell for an obvious joke.
Russia allows Facebook though and plenty of people use it in addition to vk and LiveJournal and whatever else.. China straight up bans Facebook and you have to tunnel outside the Great Firewall to see it.
> Joke’s on them, though, since I usually never let housekeeping service my room if I’m staying for less than three days anyway. 

Yeah I find it annoying and intrusive. Wish it was a request housekeeping basis not a constantly deny basis.
Apple manages not to sell data; but they do it by selling expensive hardware that people REEEEE about on tech forums. You just can't please everyone.
you'd get swarmed/maybe killed ya dingus, go to slums in Eritrea with a fat stack of US currency and see how far you get
They sell clear recycling bags that are themselves recyclable 
You don't need a case to test it ... If it's DOA Amazon will refund you even if it's opened. You could complain to Amazon about the packaging, but the reason hardware comes in so many layers of packaging is because shit happens in transit. 
Snoonet is hella active, if you're a regular on any sub with a channel and want to be part of the reddit Illuminati. 
They used to bake them on-location, now they truck them in frozen.

So I guess it's just mass-production and cost-cutting at the factory ... 
Physicians are paid a fixed rate for various procedures by taxpayer money but they are independent. Plus - almost every doctor in the province would be on the list, do we really need to make the list even more worthless?

Who knows, maybe I haven't thought it through entirely, but I'm not sure why we'd want this. If you want to find practices that are scamming OHIP (billing procedures they didn't do etc), OHIP should know how much they are paying out ... they don't need to make that public to investigate outliers in their own internal processes.
You'll be fine. At least, when I was getting my G2 when I was 17-ish, I drove there with my dad -- but he made himself scarce, it's not like the examiner asked how I got there.
Guess the passenger wasn't wearing his seatbelt ... He's the only one that was seriously injured.

Man if I were to drive an Uber that car wouldn't move til everyone was seatbelted in. 
Tail number is also a large bra band size / cup size measurement. 
You'd need your ticket from the game. 
Doesn't use USB-PD spec if both ends don't speak it IIRC, and it's a Type-C feature.
You probably shouldn't be connecting XP machines the Internet. 
> amazing beaches .... Wasaga

Hahahaha, good one.


The headline doesn't match the quote from the whistleblower. What he said that companies *in general* will use environmental audio data, if any, because NLP doesn't scale. He doesn't work for Facebook and doesn't know if they use mic data, he just knows that in marketing analytics you can use environmental data to target ads, which is pretty well known. Asking him about Facebook mic usage is a silly thing for a clueless MP to do ... he's an analytics geek, not a FB software developer. 
> I may be wrong, but my guess is that burning fuel to run an engine is more efficient than burning fuel to run a generator,

Absolutely not. Centralized electricity generation is so much more efficient than internal combustion engines. ICEs are about 20% efficient, fossil fuel plants are around 50%, hydroelectric plants are around 90% efficient. You lose some to transmission and storage sure but not enough to make ICEs more efficient. It's just that gasoline is very energy dense and batteries are not, so long-range EVs that charge quickly are not a solved problem yet - but the concept is 100% sound. If we had the same energy densities as gasoline there would be no reason to use an ICE at all.
> My take home pay has doubled since 2016

> his tax cuts helped get me another $8,000/year.

lol you take home 16k/yr? you should be voting for social safety nets not against them
Amazon willingly funnelled all their money back into R&D and kept margins as low as humanly possible. We knew the business of selling things was profitable ... we don’t know that the business of moviepass is as long as the studio system exists, for a certain average customer there is a price floor and they are currently below that and burning money full stop. These are facts. The only question is how will it stop or how will it change. 
FWIW I work for a big data / analytics firm as a software developer (so, like, not at the top). Data is neat but it's not an instantly-make-you-rich scheme ... People's moviegoing habits are not some lucrative unknown dataset, people give up that information willingly without question. I just don't see the value there. (Movie, TV) Ratings are a solved problem. 
Considering each MoviePass customer costs them real money and accelerates their burn, if I were them I would stop new memberships entirely instead of cutting the price.

I get what you're saying. Build a big base, get people addicted, recoup the fees through analytics and rising prices. I'm saying "bold strategy - let's see if it works".

Look, I'm not the only jackass on the Internet saying MoviePass is going to die. There are lots of companies these days that operate at a loss for decades ... but they are generally bankrolled by Google, not VCs. VCs will want to see ROI eventually, and I just don't see a path to ROI for MoviePass. 
Ahh buddy people have been saying this because they keep finding investment, they have literally never been profitable. Through sheer force of will maybe like YouTube they will take a wholly unprofitable venture and turn it around but I just don't see it. And yes big data, analytics, great, I see who owns the company now ... It's not worth that much! As long as the studios are still charging theatres nearly the whole cost of the ticket for the first week of a big movie, MoviePass is going to lose money as soon as one of their customers sees like... ONE new release movie. It's totally unsustainable. Either they will fold, the price will go up, or the model will change. But you don't have to trust me on that ... I don't care if my assessment is convincing. I can simply see why someone would be apprehensive about pre-paying for a year. 
Well, no ... once the VC funding runs out, they're done for. MoviePass is barely a going concern, financially they are completely fucked. But if I were American I'd be a subscriber! Get it while it's good ... 
"Leafs have done everything but score"

yeah you're tellin' me, man...
LOL TSN updated the score though... I say we go with that.
Good to go, boys: https://www.reddit.com/r/leafs/comments/87dl3b/game_thread_buffalo_sabres_234012_at_toronto/
At least I got some upvotes calling you out on it lol

GLG? Do we even care about this game? 
> 
> 
> *as I was typing this message, my account was permanently banned by the admins.

No... Or we wouldn't be able to read your comment
Now. Not then. 
You're referencing that other link the guy posted ... the one that says "they issue debt in the form of junk bonds" ... a bit biased, not WRONG just only looking at one side.

You can use leverage to aggressively buy out a company and strip it of its assets, but it's not inherently evil like that. The term just means using debt to buy a company. 

In finance, leverage is not an inherently evil thing. It just means using borrowed money to perform some action. The one truth about it is that it exposes you to much greater risk. 
I'm not sure what you're saying. I'm telling you the definition of 'leveraged buyout' - it means bought with debt not entirely with cash

It is risky for the capitalist, when your going concern can no longer pay its debts or generate any revenue ... it's very risky because a leveraged buyout usually means you are risking more than you ever had ... 
I wish I still worked for a document services company and had a direct line to EPSON's B2B people, I would call them up and laugh about this together.

Except I don't work there anymore, so now I just laugh alone. Ha. Ha. Ha.
Hah, I didn't know they split. I always found it a weird curiosity that this big American gun manufacturer decided to make typewriters. And I guess it would have been a curiosity at the time. Talk about diversification .... 
> Not really true. Guns are evolving just like technology. Why did typewriters go bust? Because computers: new technology. Gun technology is evolving too, it may not be obvious to someone not interested in firearms, but it’s true. 

The evolution of *warfare* is in aerospace ... defense contractors ... rockets, space-based assets, F35 parts ... now that's a lucrative 21st century industry. You see a lot of gun mfgs doing that?

Stamping metal things is a very 20th century industry. You give a desperate man a nail file and he could craft a passable AK. If you really think the future is in mass produced hunks of metal for an increasingly niche audience, I think you will see you are incorrect ... 
Yes, and all of the public traded gun companies did fantastically under a Democratic president and fell when Trump got elected, because it's very uniquely American to cling to your guns ... But, it is a 20th century business, like the typewriters. Guns are simple to mass-produce, and not everyone needs one. They are old tech. Old tech gets cheaper with time. As old tech gets cheaper, its manufacture gets outsourced to poorer countries. Ergo gun manufacture is no longer a lucrative business. 

Prove me wrong! Take your hard-earned money, and invest in a gun manufacturer. Do it - I dare you. 

edit: I love it, Americans. Keep hitting that downvote button. Guns are a dying industry, the real money is in defense contractors, and you can clutch your pearls and renew your NRA membership and hit that downvote button as much as you like, but it won't make me WRONG that if you care about a company being a going concern you should probably buy Lockheed not Remington. 
They also used to be a major manufacturer of typewriters. Remingtons being used in typist schools is why the QWERTY layout took off the way it did ... it really wasn't objectively the best layout, not even its inventor thought so, it was because Remington typewriters were so popular and were taught to girls learning to type..

Oh well. Gun manufacturing is a very 20th century business ... I don't expect we'll see many of those left in the future.
A leveraged buyout just means you borrow money to buy a company.

Being leveraged just means you use credit as a multiplier on whatever bet you're making heh. I'm sure Wall Street types will come in and "but actually..." me, but that is basically what you are doing. It's literally what the word 'leverage' means w.r.t. a lever, it's a force multiplier.

You can win big, but lose big too, because you have borrowed money to acquire the thing ... 
> A "bosak" in Polish is like a multi-purpose stick you use on sailboats. It'd be a funny last name in Poland.

[Hey, he's not the best, but he's ours](http://www.hockeydb.com/ihdb/stats/pdisplay.php?pid=83925)
> Expect for a few older people who lived through WW2/cold war etc and were a bit more cold because of it can't blame them,

Yeah? Try being a Russian guy from Canada who speaks English and see how much Soviet-occupied Poles love you ... dating their daughter ... 


Comfort.to delivers from Costco for a small markup, no membership required. Cheaper than retail most of the time. 
/r/CanadianMOMs 
Weird, dude. 
Our cheeks turn a funny colour when we hear about US defence spending, you folks will just write a cheque for anything.
Based on the damage you describe you were not obligated to report it to police. If you just have a minor scratch, you probably won't even bother repairing it -- if you have any kind of modern car, a little scratch is either a half-ass job with touch-up paint or repainting the whole panel (most often buying a whole new panel) -- who wants to do that?

So, in the end, you know it happened but you're not out of pocket any money, just a tiny scratch.

Sounds good to me .... Could have been a lot worse. I got t-boned once and insurance had to fight the guy to make me (my vehicle) whole. Tiny scratch -- good deal. 
> We have an old house with one- we just had no idea how to use it 

I can't even ... How did you survive to adulthood and homeownership!? 
Wow, your house was built with central vac but no one actually bothered to install the vacuum? Jesus you guys really do buy your homes off the rack don't you. America is so fucking weird.
No historian would call those people "Iraqi". An old name, but a modern concept. Lots of different empires ruled that land -- but you know this, surely.
>  If I was Mexican, I'd be completely mortified that someone would want to separate their country from mine with a damn wall 

also you're rapists btw

maybe some of your people are good

but not sending your best

sincerely,

potus
I didn't know Android phones ran a desktop computer OS either!! MAYBE READ THE THREAD ya dingus 
I only fuck on the first date if they have iMessage 
Hey, we don't have this issue on iOS. Come join us. The water's warm. Let me iMessage you about it.
Where'll you stay? There goes a big chunk of that 500. What do you want to do? Our well known restaurants are at least 50/head plus drinks, unless you want to 'see and do' a Pizza Pizza. I mean don't get me wrong you can eat well for like 5 bucks in Toronto but if you are trying to hit up a touristy restaurant ... What could you do? Well, if walking is allowed, you could walk along the harborfront, go up to Kensington Market, look at all the things you can't afford to buy after budgeting $500 for driving into Toronto ... 
I guess you've never been to Montreal or Vancouver ... Toronto drivers need to stop making aggressive lane changes and illegal turns, but if you want white-knuckle "I'm going to die today" driving, go to Montreal after a snowstorm or Vancouver on any fucking day. Toronto suddenly feels like heaven.

Sincerely, Someone who has driven everywhere from Victoria to Quebec City

P.S. Albertans are the best drivers by far. We go like, 80 over in the flat stretches, the speed limit when we approach a town, and give way to ALL passing traffic. It's like the fucking Autobahn. Props to Alberta. Sucks about your oil based economy and shitty politics, but y'all can drive.
They are ostensibly a data mining and analytics group focusing on political consulting. I work for an analytics company except we don't touch elections, we help people sell you cars or get donations to their charity. Most of what Cambridge Analytica people said they did - market research, segmentation, microtargeting and generally guiding a marketing push - is 100% normal for an analytics company. It's the fuckin' disinformation, hookers, stealing data *to influence elections* where this shit gets weird and illegal. 

But in general taking a client's data, doing segmentation, prediction, modelling ... bread and butter. Not sure how much of their day to day will continue with such public scrutiny, the CEO suspended by the board, clients probably pulling out their business in droves. But if clients remain, legit business does too ... if they were doing legit business to begin with. 
You have a point, I'm Canadian and just call them "Channel 4" - nobody refers to TV channels by their number these days because  the numbers differ OTA vs. cable vs. HD channels vs. timeshifted channels, we refer to them by network name / brand. That being said, not everyone is aware Channel 4 is a UK broadcaster ... Fox News has a bit of a more recognizable brand. 
Hahah, yeah, I just watched the Ellen interview on your recommend ... She said something like, "everyone worked so hard, Margot Robbie for learning all the jumps..." 

Let's get this straight. I had suspension of disbelief - I was watching the movie and taking it at face value, not thinking how it was made. If you interrupted me and asked, "can this random Aussie actress do a triple axel?" I'd say "lol no way". It was pretty ... bizarre to hear Harding say that. Chalk it up to a brain-fart maybe?
LOL
> But then I remembered the only reason people saw this movie is because of the girl starring in it.

I am not familiar with Robbie at all; I watched the movie because I love figure skating (or at least every 4 years I do).
You know, watching I, Tonya it never occurred to me that Margot Robbie wasn't a world-class figure skater.
cactus goalies pricks like gud ontario boys
SLITHERING, BATTERING IT UP AHEAD, ON THE HEELS, SANDWICHED -- TUCK IT IN - RIGHT IN YOUR LIVING ROOM THERE ... REILLY TRYING TO CORRAL IT, FENCING WITH ERWIN... icing call, to the Leafs.

I am learning an entirely new language.
> Seems like they work along side eachother quite often by the way the driver had spoke, and they knew eachothers names. 

no shit, you're not in Toronto, kid

there aren't that many officers and not that many tows in small-town Ontario. 
> Lets jump into it.

And now some stuff I love today ... 

You can fight it, if you have the footage and it agrees with your story you can get it dropped, otherwise you're pretty fucked. 

I got popped doing 40 over in Thunder Bay, I called a Thunder Bay lawyer when I was back in town and he said, "I know this cop, there's no way you're getting out of this one, you could pay me $400 to go to a hearing but then you'll have to pay me AND the fine".

Fight it. You should fight it. But at the moment - you don't even know how fast you were going, other than pumping brakes got you down to 120 lol. 

Look, speeding on an open road is great. But when you get caught, you get caught, kiddo. 

A good paralegal familiar with the area should be able to help you out some, but if the cop's a dick, and you can't prove him wrong, ... yeah, man, you're fucked, sorry to say. 
it is definitely something that the industry will struggle with going forward. it's not going to be an easy road. people were surprisingly OK with the occasional airliner accident back when airliners were new. 

i don't know how this will play out. 
the interior view looks like they were looking at their phone, but comments on threads where this has been discussed from people who claim experience in the field also say that they could have been looking at the LIDAR view in the dash, trying to spot classification errors etc, thats why you see them shift their gaze from the dash, to the road, etc. i dunno if the human failsafe was at fault, but it's entirely possible they were doing their job monitoring the software. 
dude this happened nowhere near Toronto

no it's not time to worry put away your clutched pearls, do you know how many deaths commercial aviation caused due to mechanical failure to get to where we are now? LIDAR should have seen it yes just like the Comet shouldn't have blown apart at the boxed windows

in the end, commercial aviation through an iterative process focused on safety has become one of the safest forms of travel, orders of magnitude safer than driving.

can we make driving orders of magnitude safer than driving?

well, it already is -- at least, millions upon millions of driverless miles have been logged and this is the first death. human drivers will kill at least 18 people in the US alone today.

Uber sucks and stole their shit from Google and that's a story for another day

but is it time to worry? whenever a newspaper headline asks a question the answer is NO
I'm also on Facebook
SEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE YA NEXT ONE boys
Bloor line to Yonge line? It's how everyone does it. Until there's a DRL in place. You could go south to a streetcar and take the streetcar in but LOL good luck.

(edit: your question was in reverse, I read it wrong, but yeah it's the same in reverse)
> China can ban US manufacturers and we will ban Chinese.

I dunno if you heard but...

[Dow industrials down more than 500 points at low as trade-war fears escalate](https://www.marketwatch.com/story/dow-poised-to-drop-by-more-than-100-points-2018-03-22)

Shit's bad for business.
Hm, an /r/politics poster voluntarily giving money to reddit, who voluntarily turn a blind eye to propaganda on their platform? You should probably donate to the EFF instead.
> The important shit will filter down to you. 

Through "fake news" in the meme economy? :P I have to say, most people that rely on word-of-mouth are not particularly well informed.
I try to use my Amex for everything and I don't GENERALLY have a problem. Many convenience stores won't take it, small mom & pop shops won't take it, but any major retailer takes it, most restaurants take it. I have an Amex and a MasterCard and I try to funnel everything through credit and I'd say it's usually a 80%/20% split Amex/MC for me at the end of the month.

But I live at Yonge-Dundas and work in Yorkville lol, if you're surrounded by small mom & pop shops like in Leslieville it might be different for you.
> It's a huge anomaly that they're going to pour over with a fine toothed comb to figure out how it happened, and then fix the software or hardware so it never happens again.

That's actually quite similar to commercial aviation. Mechanical failures used to kill *a lot* of passengers, and each one was investigated, the cause identified, the problem remedied and now commercial aviation is one of the safest forms of transportation, many orders of magnitude safer than driving.

As the kinks are worked out, there *will* be a few deaths along the way ... Humanity decided aviation was a worthwhile enterprise regardless; are we capable of looking at the long-term benefits of pursuing this, too?
The Kremlin has you now. 15-20% of your bandwidth is being converted into a nerve agent. You'd best throw the modem in a fire -- after donning a gas mask.
> On the bright side, we're alive during one of the most interesting portions of human history.

"May you live in interesting times" is meant to be a curse ... 

Yeah, 9/11 was grade 8 for me. Things were pretty good before then. To be honest, for a long time, things were still good. I think maybe it's that as we grow up, as we grow politically active -- first locally, then more -- the more you know, the worse you feel. I mean, imagine living during the height of the Cold War. That couldn't have been fun. Certainly the early 20th was not fun. I think we're doing OK. Safest time in human history yada yada. 

Either way, when a contemporary tells me, "Oh, I don't follow the news!" I no longer look down on them. I know they are happier. Because to be honest - the day to day on the ground for the vast majority of people doesn't change *that* much. We're really only stressing ourselves out. 
What is crappy design about this? The cheap stair car, or the kinda-funny joke about getting high? It's certainly not the worst stair car and certainly not the worst joke. 
You would pay 70 * 4 = $280/semester, instead of $468/semester if you were buying the post-secondary Metropass for those 4 months anyway. If you were not, you would pay $280 a semester (but you would have the Metropass so like... you could maybe use it anyway?)

So it is a savings of $188/semester for people who do take transit, but a cost of $280/semester for those who don't.

It's pretty similar to what other universities do. 
Nobody likes you 
If it weren't for the LCD HDTV I would have no problem saying those photos were taken in the 90s. 
You should come to the reddit /r/toronto meetups, second Saturday of every month at 7pm at the Artful Dodger.

Other than that, maybe try meetup.com and find groups for your hobbies that you want to try.

I think you'll get a few pretty weird PMs by just telling reddit "hey I'm a young woman that wants to hang out" lol 
Good. 
Some old woman called me a "stupid white cocksucker" the other day because I wouldn't give her a cigarette. As far as I can tell she was white too?

People are weird.

edit: maybe she was commenting on the colour of the cocks she presumed I suck
Total mortgage debt to median family income has the same problem as looking at total mortgage debt by itself - it doesn't account for the growing population / growing economy, which GDP does. 

You could look at median family mortgage debt to median family income, but that's an entirely different measure. Families aren't the only ones with mortgages, and looking at medians doesn't tell you the whole picture (like the sub-prime defaults weren't as a result of a median family).

I think mortgage debt to GDP is a pretty good way of getting the big picture.
> Why normalize it to GDP? How does GM and Ford producing more vehicles in the US (increasing US GDP) impact mortgage debt

Generally, if a country has a higher GDP (its output is worth more), its citizens are richer and can afford a higher debt-load. Debt to GDP is useful there. Now, we know the *average citizen* isn't getting richer at the same rate as the country due to rising wealth inequality, but at the same time 2008 was caused by *sub-prime* mortgages collapsing (and banks playing too many stupid games with mortgage-backed derivatives)... so the complete picture is hard to fit on one graph.

But debt-to-GDP is a good start, like DTI (debt-to-income) is useful for individuals and organizations.
Yup. 

https://developer.apple.com/support/renewal/
I guess I am the only one replying to this thread that has actually released iOS apps before?

> If your Apple Developer Program membership expires, **your apps will no longer be available for download** and you will not be able to submit new apps or updates.

https://developer.apple.com/support/renewal/

They disappear from the store and people can't download them.
> It is, if his developer subscription is current. If not, it would cost $99 to make it current.

If not current, the app wouldn't even be on the App Store anymore. The $99 fee is completely irrelevant here.
> What I tried to prevent was the person from thinking that pushing out updates is free.

*It is though*. 
> Reddit and his ISP are going to give him up in a heartbeat.

Or it's just a shit-disturber posting through Tor or a VPN that doesn't keep access logs. 
Nope. No delivery service can afford to inspect all packages, the volume is far too great. 
Nah, you just like to hear yourself talk. In the context of the conversation, on no planet is Apple's Developer Program fee relevant. You may as well have said that if he wants to test it on-device on the latest devices, he needs to buy or borrow the latest devices too. It's completely a non-sequitur and not even remotely on-topic but you felt the need to respond to "clarify" for "the sake of completeness" something that wasn't relevant and no one was asking. 

It's an annoying personality trait. You should stop that. 
I'm surprised this wasn't already in place. It's very common at other universities.
> I guess I am the idiot?

Yup!! 
Always wanted to take one of these, or Helijet between Vic and Van when I visit. $$$$$$
Don't be an idiot. That's not what was being asked. 
Well, no, but the debt can be more than the estate is worth.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Piercing_the_corporate_veil#United_States

It is done.
> 
> 
> Does it cost money to push each update?

No.
You have no idea what you're talking about. Stay in your lane, kid.
It is free for short trips, <30min, if you have a membership or pass. The membership or pass costs money.

If you buy a membership there is no deposit but you must have a credit card on file. If you buy a day or 3 day pass, there is an authorization places on your credit card - $100 or $250 I can't remember - it is not actually charged, it is just an authorization that drops off automatically a few business days after your pass expires.

The point is not for pleasure rides; it is for getting around the city. If your trip is going to take longer than 30 minutes, simply dock the bike at a Bike Share dock and immediately take it again using your pass. The point of the usage fee is to discourage people from using them for pleasure rides outside of the system (like taking it to the island), not to penalize you for long trips. The goal of the system is for users to never pay a per-use fee, by keeping the bike inside the system. Think of it as a penalty. The cost increases the longer you go past 30min.


Am I the only one amazed that dogs independently invented the same game we did as children? 

I mean, it's not complicated, but it's still impressive.
Yeah I'm not going to get a massage just to stick it to my insurer (although maybe I should?) but you'd be pretty dumb not to use dental
You don’t just up and decide you are going to manufacture patented tech for yourself overnight. Unless you think this kind of mfg is easy. Why do you think Apple buys OLEDs from Samsung? 
> Does this apply even for basement apartments? 

Generally yes but basement apartments are typically private landlords rather than institutional ones so they are a crapshoot. You could get really lucky and find someone that is VERY picky about who they rent to, and are willing to rent for less money for the perfect tenant. Of course often it's someone trying to make as much money as possible while doing as little work as possible so they will push the rent right up to what the market will bear. 

It's sorta the wild west out there. Bidding wars are not uncommon. I'm so lucky to have found my place 4 years ago and have a partner to share the rent with. I wouldn't want to be in your shoes.
1100 on the subway line is a big ask these days, that's probably why you're having such a hard time. 

Because rental housing is so  supply-constrained, if your budget is limited, it *is* always this bad these days. :( 
You know how I know you didn't read the article?

The constraint is not the software, but a bottleneck on key components like vertical-cavity surface-emitting lasers.
Trump wants to be Putin, Ivanka wants to be Dukakis.
I actually like those stories because they make me feel better about responsibly not living way outside of my means. 
It's more of the explosive decompression than it is the loss of cabin pressure. Loss of cabin pressure should be a 100% survivable event if it is identified in time, an explosive decompression usually isn't ... but [sometimes is](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aloha_Airlines_Flight_243).
Not just in the public sector. If you are an adult in Ontario and you think "I don't know anyone who has committed insurance fraud" is a true statement then you are horribly naive. 

I've seen some pretty bad ones, but the funniest I've probably heard of is laser hair removal getting billed as physiotherapy. 
OK, if you want to keep the spirit of the Sunshine List (public servants that are becoming wealthy with public funds), in Ontario it was introduced in 1996, the cutoff would have to be $150k in 2018. 
Those people are often re-assigned from operators or other jobs who got injured, notably subway operators who witnessed a suicide, and you can't make them take a paycut due to their injury / traumatic experience. And the 100k+ isn't base, they work a shitload of overtime (like you would never want to be at work this long kind of overtime), which is cheaper for the commission than hiring another person. It's not like the TTC hires fare collectors directly and starts them at 100k.

The criteria for the Sunshine List is outdated. 100k isn't that much anymore, considering drivers on a regular schedule make over 70k after their 2nd year ... 
Insurance fraud is basically an Ontario hobby at this point. 
Just tell them you're doing a dry-run of your third. 
> Repeatedly overwriting it? I thought once the bits were flipped they were flipped, and it is 100% effective as the bits are electromagnetically flipped. You're talking out your ass son. 

He is talking about an early 90s paper that theorized magnetic force microscopy could be used to recover once-overwritten data by finding a slight difference in the resultant magnetic field (to reconstruct the original based on a slight bias in the resulting overwritten bit). This has never been proven in practice and even on contemporary densities had been shown to be practically impossible. With modern densities it's as science fiction as a warp drive. Even the author of the paper admits it's impossible.

This is /r/politics though and dude sounds like he knows what he's talking about so he got upvoted and a correction will never bubble up to the top.  He is, completely, full of shit.
As far as I know, and as far as I've experienced, every station should have at least one entrance where you can get in using a PRESTO card. It might not be the most easily-accessible entrance though. 

I think you should be able to enter every subway station using PRESTO if you walk around, but don't quote me on that. I don't know for certain. It's been my experience. As far as I know, the problem they are having right now is that not every entrance at every station is PRESTO-accessible.

https://toronto.ctvnews.ca/presto-installed-at-every-subway-station-ttc-1.3213957

seems to back me up
Yes, I said it before, I got a pack-in note in my in my MDP Metropass mailer middle of last year saying that they'll be moving the MDP program to PRESTO 'soon' ... and haven't said anything about it since.

Since the gate installs have been plagued by problems and are delayed, I think we'll have the magstripe Metropasses for a while yet. Enjoy it while it lasts!
Not all entrances. 
> It wasn't a loss-leader. The concept worked phenomenaly. In the past you could walk into the IKEA restaurant and walk out again without walking through the store. They changed the store to force people to walk through it after visiting the restaurant. **A high percentage of people would buy some gimmick which would make it all worth it for IKEA. IKEA even stated publically that they are able to cover the costs.**

Hm. Says "it wasn't a loss leader", then proceeds to explain how a loss leader works. Perhaps you are confused?
I'm a bit amazed at this thread's inability to understand this. It is like they are amazed a car dealership gives people free coffee. "How can they afford this?!" and arguing about how much labour the coffee requires.

Guys, it is IKEA. The restaurant doesn't have to turn a profit. My local drug store loses money on milk and bread so they can sell me $4 chocolate bars and $8 toothpaste.
>  140 character limit

280 now!
http://www.historysharkproductions.com/connecting-the-dots.html

This guy is a distant relative ... ask him. ;-)
They made overalls and other work clothes. They failed to renew their trademark in 1990, but may have folded before then. 

[Here's](http://images.ourontario.ca/Partners/ClaPL/CLaPL002713979pf_0006.pdf) them congratulating the opening of a new clothing store in Bowmanville. [Here's](https://i.imgur.com/c2lJWiy.jpg) their factory on Dufferin. 
> Can't you just train a cat 

No

You can give it suggestions and reward it when it does something you like, but cats do whatever the fuck they want. 
OP is an idiot though. LV and high fashion designers in general trade on their brand and everyone knows that. We know you are paying for the name.

It's kind-of the same thing with Apple, their profit margins are higher than their competitors, and in the industry we affectionately call it "the Apple tax". At the same time, flagships devices from competitors don't cost THAT much less than the Apple flagship, you're talking about 10-20% on a nearly $1000 product. Because he is a bit of a luddite and has no idea what he is talking about, OP doesn't realize that the wholesale cost of an OLED display on a flagship from Apple, Samsung is higher than the entire retail cost of his cheap ancient Android. He doesn't realize he's got a 6 year old radio in there with a <100ppi display and a version of Android that is old enough to drink and no customer support, and he has the audacity to compare it to a SEVEN YEAR OLD flagship device and says "look at me I am so clever".

He's a fucking idiot. Go ahead, don't pay the 10-20% Apple Tax, pay Essential or Samsung or LG or whoever a little bit less instead, but your 65 GBP piece of crap full of outdated tech is not 'pretty much the same' as a brand new flagship, hence my comparison of the Mercedes to a Lada. It's a joke and the fact that people agree with that poster absolutely makes me laugh - I can't believe young people who are engaging with technology and supposed to understand it can be so ridiculously uninformed.

If all you need is a basic device, yes, you can find them pretty cheap! Six, seven year old tech is very affordable these days. But using it to make a statement about modern top of the line products and trying to pretend like you're so clever for figuring this out ... it just beggars belief. 
> It's amazing how dull and humourless this sub can be 

They're not all like that. The best people around here mostly lurk. 
>  also made the mistake of getting swiss chalet and having a chicken pot pie which was incredibly "hurts when you eat it" salty.

The microwaveable Swiss Chalet chicken pot pies you can get at Costco are actually better than the crap they serve in the restaurant ... 
Simon Pegg, T.J. Miller, these are names usually attached to comedies. Speilberg though. Pre-release reviews have been mixed ... and while I haven't read the book, I've heard it described as nostalgia-filled masturbatory crap that's tedious to get through ("Twilight for guys").

So, whatever, I'll go see it - maybe. Sell me on it. Why are you excited about it? 
I know, man, a buddy of mine got a new car, a Mercedes convertible, the sticker price was over 120,000. *Nobody* will believe me that my Lada drives just as well. I mean, it's got 4 seats and a steering wheel! I don't know what the fuck my buddy's on about. Silly capitalists, huh?
> Well people are up voting “ttc wanted oyster”. No it didn’t. Ever. 

This is true. I don't know what people at the TTC wanted in their heart of hearts, but they did put out a request for bids, and Cubic Transportation Systems (the Oyster implementer) did not respond. The only bidder was Xerox, who surprisingly has a transportation solutions division [although it's not great either](https://denver.streetsblog.org/2016/12/16/rtd-board-rips-xerox-for-ongoing-delay-of-smart-card-fare-system/).
While "it's ok to be white" is an innocuous enough message - it's ok to be any gender, race, religion or sexual orientation, by right - the whole point was to get a reaction and the people who wanted that reaction are people who think that somehow the okayness of being white is in question. That's a very generous way of saying they're generally just racist trolls. 

I roll my eyes at the point they're trying to make, and knowing the full context, condemn the posters.
Fail open is a bit difficult if the failure happens with the opening bits while it's closed!

But realistically I agree with you, it shouldn't be too bad, you see parking garages with automated exterior gates that work seemingly reliably, except they don't shut down an entire transit line or two when they fail so we don't hear about their failures. 

Interesting to see what the TTC does, anyway. I don't know if you've been to this part of Queens Quay but you have to be pretty far gone to drive your car in there. This is getting to "you really can't out-engineer stupid" levels.
Wow. Netsec isn't my day job so I was completely unaware of that. Christ on a cracker.
If I had a uterus I would have Brad Ross's babies, you shut your mouth. 
They are drunk. Drunk people drive really weird. They don't think "oh wow this looks unlike a road, I should reverse out before I damage my car" they think "I just gotta get through this"
Brad has said before that on top of all of the immensely obvious indications you're not supposed to go there, a gate seems superfluous and would be expensive, potentially failure prone, difficult to weather-proof. At this point I'm expecting people to just drive through the gate. 
Well yeah don't get me wrong, paying for parking through a smartphone application anywhere in the city is a fantastic thing to have, a bunch of municipalities are doing it. I was just in Victoria and did the same! Governments often have to be dragged kicking and screaming into the 21st century so anything remotely functional is praised. 

I guess it's sorta like PRESTO. Yes we want a stored-balance digital farecard! ... nooo we don't want THAT one! 
They're probably aware of the flaw and decided it's not worthy of reworking the entire system. How would you fix it? Reset password/PIN with something more personal than a phone number. But what about all existing accounts? Do they have a verified email on file for all existing accounts? Plus, a phone number is considered pretty personal ... while it's true that they can get re-assigned, you can't target the attack. And if you DO have a verified email - ok what happens to people who get a new phone number with an existing account? They just can't use the software? The whole thing is broken top to bottom, there's no easy way out. The really easy fix would be to just reset the account if someone forgot their PIN, but you want to sign off on that? Someone will complain that they were in Toronto 8 months ago, they need their purchase history for tax purposes, but forgot their PIN, now it's all gone. Whew.

Their iOS app hasn't even been updated for iPhone X in TYOOL 2018 and the whole thing feels janky, there's probably some small consulting company on retainer for emergencies but I doubt they are actively developing the software. 

I could totally see this in their issue tracker, "Our whole sign-on process is fucking stupid" filed as "Won't Fix". 
Hahahahahahahahah... So the phone number is the account ID and all you need to do to take over the account is prove ownership of the phone number? 

I just downloaded the app and confirmed, yup... that's how it works...

If you contact them, no one will care. Media won't care because you do need to have control of the phone number so scope of the potential attack is very limited. It's just very bad design. Like I used to be surprised when developers did massively stupid shit but I am not anymore. 
Well, as I said, TIL. 

When I immigrated with my parents in 1994, I was 5 years old, we stayed at a cheap hotel with the window facing that Downsview runway. It was still a Forces base then so I remember being excited to see those aircraft take off. Then, later, I heard it closed down. Much later, I was a student pilot at WWFC out of YKF and I was pretty sure Downsview was closed to traffic. When I did my instrument training with foggles and we flew into Toronto my instructor routed me around Downsview, I had no idea it was still active. I didn't know the history, I didn't know it was a factory.

Thanks for letting me know. 
You should come to the monthly /r/toronto meetups. The second Saturday of every month we hang out at a bar and it's not weird that we don't know each other because we have this one little subreddit in common!

Details in the sidebar. But it's at Artful Dodger, 7pm-ish, second floor. 
The noise regulations do not set a standard for measuring, like decibel levels. IIRC the Toronto bylaw is worded like "disturb the quiet, rest or peace"... within certain hours.

It's subjective.

I might be uniquely able to answer questions about noise complaints though ... I had a noise complaint on /r/toronto go 'viral' and I was on the evening news for a few days, Karen Stintz even came out and did an interview ... 

Uh, what's goin' on, bud?
Ugh 

>If you don't pay on the first leg then pay on the second.

then

> But if you take the Spadina street car then transfer to a subway, there won't be anywhere to pay. 

and me

> No fare inspectors on the subway

The context of the conversation is if you avoid paying the fare because of a broken reader, then you transfer by entering a fare-paid zone directly, there won't be anywhere to pay - so you won't have a valid fare on your PRESTO and no way to prove you've paid your fare, since now you're on the system past the POP streetcar with the broken readers.

You're saying that there might be fare inspectors on your way out of the streetcar. I'm saying that's not an issue because, as you pointed out, all you need to do is point to the broken readers on the car that's right there with you.

If you unpack the context, the question is - once you're past that situation where you rode for free, you're on the next leg of your multi-modal trip, but you didn't have the opportunity to tap on because you were deposited directly into a fare-paid zone, what happens? You don't technically have an active fare or proof you paid.

And my answer is - there are no fare inspectors on the subway.

You are saying "but there are fare inspectors getting off the streetcar!". Yes. And you have a valid excuse there, one that is easily verified. That's obvious to everyone, and I hoped it would be obvious to you.

The hypothetical situation is that you've gotten into the fare-paid zone directly from a streetcar whose readers were broken and you are in the system but with no proof of payment. You're far removed from the streetcar situation at that point, with no way to point to a specific vehicle with broken readers.

I thought that was clear. 
Don't get so cocky, designing a highly reliable mechanical device that takes all sorts of physical abuse is not trivial. This company seems more than competent; I've seen their FareGo Sales devices in more than a few places, and they certainly do not seem like incompetent bastards. They seem like a very serious supplier of fare solution hardware. In all honesty, every "broken" PRESTO faregate that I've seen had nothing obviously wrong with the hardware ... in fact I've witnessed employees simply resetting the faregate ... I understand that the IR sensor that allows it to be an enter/exit gate is easily fooled from the enter side, but it seems that the majority of problems with these things are software related, not hardware.

But seriously, don't be so cocky. I see no reason to blame the hardware vendor here. The design is practical and effective and seems to be resilient, the problem is the software. At least, in my opinion. I've not yet seen a gate have to be physically repaired after it shuts down ... I have seen them get 'rebooted' though. 
I deleted my comment because you disagreed with me and I felt it rude to leave it standing. I've always thought there was a difference between transgender and transsexual because one is about gender and the other is about biological sex, but it's a technical difference that no one cares about. I thought it mattered. I didn't know the latter was considered outdated or clinical, so I felt like I looked like an idiot, and I got downvoted hard! 

Either way, at least we agree on the acronym soup. 
Yeah, that's at the streetcar, man. They're inspecting fares from the streetcar, not on the subway. I honestly can't believe I have to point this out to you. Of course they'll wave you through if the machines were broken, that is what will happen with a fare inspector on the streetcar, because those are fare inspectors inspecting the streetcar passengers fares. Presumably right as they are getting off the streetcar with the broken readers. They are checking the streetcar passengers' fares. SO if the car with the broken readers is right there ... the question is, what if you get further into the system, far removed from the original entry point with the broken readers? The answer is, 

There are no fare inspectors on the subway. 
Someone's LCBO gift cards bounced and they weren't able to get the PBR to Trinity B in time 
No fare inspectors on the subway. Subway isn't POP. Physically being in the system is 'POP' on the subway since access is (theoretically) 100% controlled. 
> Please don't upvote.

TO THE MOON! 

>  I've gotta be missing something, right?


YUP. You can't legally sublet for more than you are paying for rent but it's complicated. You *could* do this and get away with it, but your roommates aren't idiots and realize that you're not paying 4500 for the place. If you want to live with 2 roommates and split it $1000/ea that's a perfectly normal thing to do and lots of people do that. 
https://www.ttc.ca/Fares_and_passes/Fare_information/Seniors_students_and_children/Students1.jsp

>If you are between 13 and 15 years old, you do not need identification to travel. 

> If you are between 16 and 19 years old, you will need to carry appropriate identification and present it to TTC staff upon request. You can use your High School photo ID or government issued photo ID such as a Driver's Licence or the Ontario Photo Card.

You don't need TTC ID. That's only for post-secondary students now IIRC. They will see your pass type on their handheld reader. If you're using a student pass you might be asked for your high school ID or, as it says, government issued photo ID. Unless you're 15 and under lol
Anthony P, you're not even a tiny bit good at this.
You're a fucking astroturfing piece of shit and should go die in a fire and your stupid business is retarded and a great way to get ecoli
> All the Canadians I have met have been kind, understanding and polite 

What, is the entirety of your Canadian experience a 2 hour layover in Halifax or something? 
There were "accessible" entrances, they were just gates that you opened by hand bypassing any turnstile, like [here](https://i.imgur.com/CF0i4aG.jpg) and [here](https://i.imgur.com/u9ETutr.jpg). Stations in general are not accessible, but many are, they have a plan for the entire system to be accessible [by 2025](https://www.ttc.ca/About_the_TTC/Projects/Easier_Access/Easier_Access_Schedule.jsp). The majority of the new PRESTO gates are not 'accessible' but a small number of them at each station are, like pictured [here](https://i.imgur.com/baGfEni.jpg) and [here](https://i.imgur.com/74JyrEg.jpg).
> [To be fare](https://i.imgur.com/63igBYm.gif)


> considering it's the least subsidized (per person) transit system in North America.

Intracity transit system. GO Transit and BART have a higher FRR than TTC now. 

It's still absurd, we can definitely still talk about the FRR, but we do have to qualify it with "intracity transit". We're at 70%, Chicago is at 55% and they're the closest to us in scale (Winnipeg doesn't count they're so small --- but they're at 60%). We're still a massive outlier. 
I don't think *they* know! 
On paper at least, [Metrolinx is supposed to pay for the failures](http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/toronto/ttc-presto-problems-1.3991770) but it looks like we're not sure to what extent. I don't expect it to have a big impact on the TTC's operating budget, which is what your fares mostly pay for.
> Toronto simply just had to change it up to make it their own... zzz.

For the record, this was the province and Metrolinx, not TTC. TTC didn't want PRESTO, it was forced on us. At least this time they didn't test their hare-brained ideas on us - OCTranspo got that honour (and it was a huge boondoggle).
> doing a REALLY poor job.

There was a mini-scandal that got nearly zero attention, but prestocard.ca's backend was storing passwords in plaintext. It came to my attention when somebody on this subreddit called in to customer support and had his/her password read back to them over the phone. The story got a bit of traction here a few years ago. I imagine they've stopped doing that. (edit: [the post](https://www.reddit.com/r/toronto/comments/1subk4/presto_card_system_has_horrible_security/))

If you have the time -- well, not you specifically since you know -- but Googling "Accenture failures" is a fun thing. At least we're not alone?


> We're so fucked.

It's a bit amusing that every single time I post a Steve Munro blog, somebody responds "We are so fucked" or a variation of such.

You're *not wrong*! I wonder how [Transit Santa](https://i.imgur.com/LSeyxoT.png) feels about his work evoking such feelings ... 
> Question?.. was Presto a newly developed system from Canada?... if yes?... why not just obtain the rights to the systems used in Asia?...

Yes, and because Not Invented Here. It's the same shit with ICTS. Ontario has a *fantastic* idea to solve an already solved problem, and forces Toronto to take it or suffer the consequences. If it doesn't make sense, it's because it doesn't. 
Yeah, she was MoT for like a year 2010-2011, and not during the RFP process.

edit: Yes, downvote me and delete your posts, that is the gentleman's way to lose a little debate.
I didn't know they built aircraft there. I thought that was done in Quebec, in Montreal and St Laurent. I remember Downsview as a former Canadian Forces base. Might be dating myself a bit on that one.
She had nothing to do with it. There was a bidding process, Accenture won. Accenture is awful and here we are.
The gist of what he's saying is that we have a lot of unfunded capital projects that are going to suck up a lot of this new money, most notably to me is nearly $2bn for a new fleet for B-D. Since SSE will run ATC, trains on B-D must support ATC even if the rest of the line isn't upgraded yet. The fleet won't finish arriving until 2030 (.. in BBD time), but with SSE opening in 2026 (... in TTC time), this presents a problem - and a nearly $2bn unfunded hole in the budget.

Basically - we don't get to spend on new stuff with new money. This doesn't represent an opportunity to spend more on a DRL or anything sexy like that, it just gives an opportunity to fund capital projects most people probably think are already funded.
The Downsview runway is active? And operated by BBD? TIL. I thought that thing was closed to traffic over a decade ago.
Haha I haven’t been to Don Mills in a while but I can imagine. This is what I mean re: Hayden at Bloor: https://i.imgur.com/baGfEni.jpg

Why would anyone use the gates? Especially the ones with magstripe readers 
You ride for free until you tap on the next part of your multi-modal trip. It's TTC policy. 

> #What happens if all of the PRESTO card readers are not working on the streetcar?

>If all card readers are out of service the operator should let you board and ask you tap your PRESTO card the next time you enter the system.

https://www.ttc.ca/Fares_and_passes/PRESTO/FAQ.jsp

So if your trip is just the one streetcar with broken readers - you ride for free.
I went to Crestwood Preparatory College and it's good. Academics were very strong ... my physics teacher used to work for NASA ... my computer science class participated in the Canadian Computing Competition ... it was good. I don't want to think about how much my parents paid.

Town Centre Montressori is awful.

[Toronto Montressori Schools](https://www.tmsschool.ca) is where my kid brother is currently going before Crestwood. I was there in gr7/8. It's good too.

Granted my primary source knowledge is over a decade old at this point :P I got old. But I got into every uni I applied to, and so did all of my friends.
It is out of service. This is the exit side not the entrance side. They fail-open.
Cash rate is 3.25, PRESTO / token rate is 3.00 ... I personally use an MDP Metropass. But this whole Hayden St entrance configuration is hilarious, they have this big bank of gates that is supposed to stop fare evasion with a physical barrier, yet they have a GIGANTIC open space beside the fare collector (on the southbound side) where you can just walk in ... because the fare collector doesn't care, you can flash any card-looking object and they'll just nod. 

Why have physical barriers at all if anyone can just walk in? Why have physical barriers when they are always broken? 

The magnitude of this project's continued failure never ceases to amaze me.
These guys were installed just last month/early this month ... 3/4 inop already. 
You’re sweet but I’m nowhere near as cute these days. Can’t grow hair that long without it curling and going insane either. Growing up sucks. 
Homeownership is costly. Ductwork is not structural. 
Hey, it's your place, you could always install a vent. 
The only robberies happen at Holts and the victims are willing participants. Ravi Soups is deadly --- deadly good. And you might die the first time you try Wow Sushi. 

Seriously man it's Yorkville. 
It's not even a castle. It's a watchtower / turret, at least the design we are most familiar with. 
I may be dating myself or being foolish by calling it ACH. I used to work in payment processing for some pretty large organizations where our primary business was in the US. We called it ACH, regardless of the customer's country. EFT is the same thing. It's an automated pre-authorized transfer, like writing a cheque.  Again, a cheque is just an order to pay, the only thing it needs is your institution, routing, account number. ACH or EFT or whatever just automates that. It's an automated cheque. That's what I'm talking about. 
Automated cheques. Google it. If you’ve filled out a pre authorized deposit (withdrawal depending on your perspective) form with a void cheque that’s ACH. It’s how MDP gets your money. 

edit: If you need to sign and give your institution, routing, account number, that's ACH. If you sign up for a recurring bill on your credit card (or debit card masquerading as credit, like Visa Debit or MC Debit) that's different. MDP currently uses the former. ACH stands for 'automated clearing house' which is just a fancy term for automated cheques. A cheque is just an order to pay, this system automates it. For example I pay my rent, insurance and MDP through ACH, whereas my phone bill and my internet bill just automatically hits my credit card. There's a difference and as far as I know PRESTO is absolutely not set up for ACH, which is how MDP works. So --- that's why I have little faith in the transition.
~~No they fucking can't. They can use Visa Debit or Mastercard Debit, which is absolutely nowhere near the same thing as ACH~~

OK I was wrong. PRESTO has some capability for ACH/EFT/PAD. It's not advertised and it's in none of the documentation I've read, but I must've missed it. I apologize for being so bullheaded about it. I'm still not terribly optimistic about TTC handing over MDP processing to PRESTO without issue, but at least the capability is there.
> MDP is getting migrated in May.

I'll believe it when I see it. PRESTO only works with CCs, or debit/cash at a kiosk, MDP is ACH. It'll be a hell of a transition and I have zero faith in them pulling it off. 
Tangerine offers 0 fee chequing. The big 5 will charge for chequing unless you maintain a certain balance -- which is fine, unless you're smart and actually invest your money in which case you won't have the balance required and you'll just be paying fees. 

Keeping thousands around in chequing is dumb. /r/PersonalFinanceCanada is better suited to answering your question than /r/askTO. Banking in Canada is NOT hyper-local with some notable exceptions like Vancity. 

lol middle of last year I got an insert in my MDP Metropass mailer saying that they will be moving the MDP program to PRESTO sometime soon

No inserts since. I expect we'll have magstripe Metropasses for at least a year or two to come.
> First the new streetcars, and now this? Who's in charge of these companies and why does the TTC contract them in the first place?

Streetcars are Bombardier and they meet their targets on other projects, they de-prioritize TTC because they know we're a captive customer. Literally all of our new trainsets are from them, TRs and LFLRVs, they know we have no choice. Metrolinx ordering from Alstom is a HUGE move against BBD, if you can believe it.

As for the PRESTO gates? That would be Metrolinx, the provincial agency. Their granddaddy UTDC forced ICTS on Toronto too, and that's why we have the Scarborough RT. They forced PRESTO on us too. Metrolinx contracted Accenture to implement PRESTO which if you know anything about Accenture was destined to fail. We are just picking up the pieces now.

Don't blame TTC. They do a lot with their meager funds. Blame Metrolinx, blame BBD, blame Accenture, blame Rob Ford and Mike Harris and Mel Lastman, hell blame Karen Stintz. 
24 hours notice is legal and normal. 

Don't take it personally. They don't care about YOU, they probably just have a mandate to check something like air filters or window caulking, so you get a form letter fulfilling their legal obligation to notify you before entering the premises. 

Honestly, don't take it personally. I was sued by a former landlord and I don't even have a bad opinion of them! They read the contract one way, I had a different interpretation, there was a verbal agreement in place head office didn't know about. Yada yada.

Trust me - don't take it personally.  Unless you are dealing with an amateur landlord, this shit as impersonal as it comes. Management company gives zero shits about you, they need to look at something in the unit, so they told you they're going to do so. 
> Are we the only city to mess up a Presto implementation? This is pathetic....

No, the first gen readers installed on OCTranspo didn't work in the cold. LOL. In Ottawa. On surface vehicles.

We're the biggest install though and the only rapid transit one, everyone else has been low-volume surface. So, no gates.
En francais! 

> [Presto doors] break down too often. Their engines have been repaired / replaced, but the problem persists. There are also problems with the door operating software.

Yup. The do break all the time. I've shoved my way past gates that half-open lol. 

Good thing Metrolinx is footing the bill. 
I don't really agree that those are serious downsides. Housing is better than Van and not really that bad in general (try NYC or SF!). Green space - lost me there. Big parks are everywhere, even in the core. Traffic - well don't drive into the core at rush hour and you'll be fine. Community housing - yeah, we can do better. 
Oh, you have 90s waterfront pictures? I HAVE 90s waterfront PICTURES.

https://i.imgur.com/NJPSObj.png

Fanny pack not pictured ... but it was there. https://i.imgur.com/rXFl0xr.png
I would make the argument that it doesn't and I would listen to your counter-argument. 
I think /u/jhwyung got the spirit of what I was saying though. It's practical because we are "better on every metric ON AVERAGE" which I neglected to say ... like he said, the others have serious downsides. Toronto is practical, competent. That was my point, sorry I didn't articulate it clearly. 
http://newtribe.ca/piercings/

They're legit. 
So... uh... "Who can I complain to?" seriously? You're an owner. Mobilize, get on the board, it's a political game. If you can't get on the board, you have to convince the board. Like any corporation firing their biggest contractor. 
Do you rent... ?
> as a tourist do i need mainly the credit card, cash or a mix of both? 

Depends on where you go. Cash-only businesses exist but are rare.

> What is the preferred paying method at bars, clubs, shops, restaurants?

Well if you have any kind of rewards card, obvs use credit. 

> Without any fancy things just a small breakfast (sandwich or something from the bakery), normal lunch and maybe a few beers and a snack at the evening, what should i expect as average costs per day

Bout 40 bucks. 5-10 for breakfast, 10-15 for lunch, 15-20 for a cheap dinner with a beer. Likely more tho. Eating out 3 meals a day in TO isn't cheap.

>Is there a general rule how much you should tip approximately and where you tip?

Only if you get table service, or at a bar. For table service I tip between 15-25% depending on how good the service was. At the bar I tip $1 per drink approximately, unless I run a tab at a bar where I'm a regular, there I tip like 35% because why not (but 10-15% is just fine -- booze is expensive and bartending's easier than serving)

You also tip cabbies and delivery people but I'd recommend not ordering delivery as a tourist and not taking a cab but using Uber.
Or just stay in 2018. 
1994, when I immigrated with my parents at 5 years old.

I see old photos of the skyline and the waterfront and they're distant memories. Toronto is so different now. I don't want to go back and live in that time to be fair, but I'd like to go back and walk around. 

Or maybe I would go back and live then .. with my future knowledge, I'd make so much money! But lose many years of my life. Eh. I'd rather just do a day trip. 
My mistake. Oh well. 

To be fair it was briefly cross posted to r/Toronto and usually people ask about moving TO not from. 
Just because Ford made the Focus doesn't make the Escape a good buy. 
I moved to Toronto from Moscow when I was 5 years old in 1994. I grew up in North York, then we bought a house in Thornhill, I went to school in Richmond Hill and then in Markham and then I went to university in Waterloo and I lived in Vancouver for a little while during that.

I moved to Toronto proper as an adult in 2012 because it was my home-ish even though I never really lived in the city proper. WHY? Hell, man, jobs. People just keep throwing money at me.

My best friends in the world moved to Victoria, but I like Vancouver. The life I want to have is in Montreal though. ALL of my friends moved away ... no one stayed in Toronto.

Why am I in Toronto? ... I'm not quite so sure. It's home. Stupid politics, stupid transit, stupid everything. It's still better than what everyone else in North America has, for the most part. We have more jobs than MTL, we have saner housing than Van. 

If you're looking for some sort of Torontonian love letter, go watch Scott Pilgrim. It's a competent city. We're more or less better than the others in Canada on every metric. It's practical. That's not sexy.
No slush you're fine. I packed away my boots a month ago. It snowed like once since then but never deep or wet. 

It snowed a few days ago but it didn't stay on the ground.

Do what you will but I live here and I wear porous shoes and don't get wet. 
YESSSSSSSSSSSSS
Jesus christ this game won't quit
Yeah we did it at UW, our Watcard got us onto GRT and I don't think we could opt out - but why would you? It was super useful.
What is this game even
> I had a theory that because you kinda have to be able to drive to get to Walmart from the middle of the city, and because it's so expensive to own a car here, that people who go to Walmart have cars and people who have cars are already more well off.

Maybe if you only meet people in the big cities - Toronto, Montreal, Vancouver. In the suburbs and in Canada in general, everyone who has a self-determined life has to have a car... It's very difficult to live in Edmonton, in Barrie, in Victoria, etc just relying on public transit. 

While I personally ditched the car and live in the core, my parents are still up in Thornhill, and there's no way they could do groceries, take my kid brother to school, take my mom to the doctor  in a reasonable amount of time without a car.

Unfortunately Canada is too sparse for great transit outside of the big city cores.
I'm a Canadian in Toronto, Ontario. We have municipal and provincial elections this year.

You should vote where you're able to keep the populist buffoons out.
Walmart here isn't as trashy as the ones in the US. It's a cheap big-box store -- although not everything is cheaper.

It's certainly not 'fancy' or 'almost fancy' -- nowhere NEAR -- it's Walmart. But it's a step up from Canadian Tire and Zellers (RIP) who couldn't keep their shelves organized if their lives depended on it. 

Basically - there's no Walmart in city centres, so it's a suburban thing. Of all the places you can go shopping for literally everything in suburbia, it's worse than Costco, but not as bad as we're used to.

All in all Walmart Canada is OK. If you can get to it, you'll probably save some money on basics. It's like Ikea for stuff you can't find at Ikea. I used to live in Thornhill and I'd go to Walmart for like - soap and lightbulbs and stuff. 

I think most people just have no strong feelings one way or another, except the people trying to keep it out of their neighbourhood (often with good reason).
No
Back when I was like 12 or 13, I really liked having my hair highlighted (gotta get those frosted tips y0 ... it was the early 2000s) at a fancy salon. The guy doing my hair told my friend and I that he cuts his own hair. Buddy asks, "how do you do that? isn't it hard where you can't see?" Stylist goes - "you ever pick your own ass? it's like that". 

I 'unno man. I can pick my own ass, I can't cut my own hair. 
>  is a vocal supporter of Trump.

Source?
Federal: http://www.elections.ca/content.aspx?section=vot&dir=reg&document=index&lang=e

Ontario: https://eregistration.elections.on.ca/en/home

But you don't *need* to pre-register. You can show up to the polling station with your government issued ID and proof of address and register on the spot.

> The special counsel has convicted 13 Russians of meddling in the American Election.

indicted
Exactly, so a drink at a bar costs more than that 
> As far as I know, satellite internet now has limited speed capability, spotty bandwidth, and incredibly high latency.

Limited speed because the satellites are in geostationary orbit and cover an absolutely massive land area - you run into physical limits of radio, no matter how clever your multiplexing scheme. Bandwidth and latency, again, one satellite for a huge area very far (35,000km) away means round trip time is limited by the distance. These would go in LEO, so they wouldn't be stationary, and there would be thousands of them, so it solves the latency and bandwidth problem. The downside? Well, you need thousands of them.
Multiple T4s - sure. I've done it.

Student loan payments - I'm the wrong guy to ask, I never took student loans. If it's something you are eligible to claim on this year's return, SimpleTax will let you do that. If you need to file an amendment to past returns, I'm not sure you can do that from the SimpleTax interface.
SimpleTax.ca 

Unless you have a complex situation w.r.t. businesses and investments, there is no need for anything else.
> I’m not sure why this company used this harness setup and that it was approved by the FAA as a safety device.

Apparently this is a doors-off scenic/photography flight where passengers hang out of the helicopter.
Yeah, a cheap pint here is like $6, but according to StatsCannabis (StatsCan study of the current cannabis market in Canada) the average price of a gram is $6.83.
Sorry to hear about that. Nothing like that has ever happened to me and I've been going there for 4 years now. I don't know any of the guy's names, but there's an older man who opens the store and he usually cuts my hair since I like to go early. Last time I got a younger Asian guy (notable only because he was the only Asian guy I ever saw working there) and he did an equally fantastic job despite being very young. 

I've just had such good luck there that I would recommend you give them another shot, but I can understand why you wouldn't.

edit: I should note I'm talking about the main location beside TBBS, not Terminal Barber 2 on Dundas. I've never been to the 2nd location.
Yeah. Cool. When you get to the bus terminal follow the signs for Atrium / PATH. Dundas Station is on the other side of the mall past the Tim Hortons and liquor store. The newsstand inside the station sells PRESTO cards. 
It's not comfortable, if you don't get a LFLRV streetcar, to carry a large suitcase up the stairs. If you are able-bodied you will manage though, and nobody cares unless it's rush hour. 

You can buy a PRESTO card at the subway station across the street from the bus terminal, but it will cost $20 and come with $14 on it -- i.e. the card costs $6. It is worth it IMO if you are here for more than a couple of days. It's a lot more convenient than fiddling with tokens and paper transfers, especially as a visitor. Plus you can keep it and use it on other transit agencies in Ontario, not just Toronto, notably for you OCtranspo.
Terminal Barber is my go-to, but I live in the area. Only annoyances are that it's cash-only and prices went up recently (30 for a cut now up from 25), but they always make me look good. 

I recently went to a barber in Victoria (BC) and I paid twice as much for a worse cut and the place was highly recommended! So, I've been spoiled by Terminal Barber, I'd definitely think twice before going anywhere else again.
> and perhaps public transit as well.

You can't literally make shit up and then claim a politician will do it. There is 0 talk of privatizing public transit period.
A drink at a bar costs more than that
I'm hung over, we went to Fran's after the meetup yesterday and I got home at 4am ... I asked the guy at Fran's, "the other location has corned beef hash, do you have anything similar?" he's like "try the Reuben sandwich, it has corned beef" and he was so interested in hearing whether I liked his recommendation -- it is awesome. Easily my favourite menu item at Frans now. I wish I had another right now.  

 I bought a new desk yesterday, went from [this](https://i.imgur.com/aXioch2.jpg) to [this](https://i.imgur.com/i2WtEiA.jpg) and I like sitting at my computer a lot more now ... but I think I'm going to spend the whole day in bed. 
I love how Americans always point out that healthcare comes from taxes when trying to explain prices in Canada. Fun fact: America spends more tax money per capita on health care than Canada. It's just that individuals need to pay *on top of that* in America and we don't. 

Please play again. 
Don't cheap out on anything that separates you from the ground. Beds, shoes, tires.

48 CAD for a tire - I hate to think where else you cut corners on your car. 
Exactly. He has no accomplishments.
I get my cat food from MyVetStore.ca since the little furball is on an Rx diet. Free delivery over $100 and discounts on auto-orders! So convenient ... Before the Rx diet I would just factor in the cost of an Uber home from Global as part of the cost of owning a cat, hahah. People look at you funny trying to bring 60lbs of cat food on a streetcar anyway.
I love comfort.to but you have to be smart with it. I don't even have a Costco membership and even back when I had a car I never went to Costco so I don't bother trying to compare with them, I compare with prices at my local Metro and Loblaws since those are the two grocery stores I actually go to -- because Sobey's is super expensive and there's no No Frills down here.

Comfort.to is a wash on eggs and Diet Coke, significantly cheaper for boneless skinless chicken breast, and ground beef, and Italian sausage, have really good deals on decent cat litter (and walking that shit home from Crappy Tire is not fun so delivery is a big bonus), they are absolutely awful value on home products like toilet paper and paper towels and soap, etc.

Generally my gf and I will make a comfort.to order like once per month for stuff that is convenient / cheaper / can freeze / need large quantities of (like Diet Coke :P) and just go to MLG Loblaws to fill in the blanks in between.
Completely unrelated. They went bankrupt. 
I guess I'm glad I don't follow the fandom too closely because I didn't even know people didn't like Reimer. There wouldn't have been a playoffs without him. Same guys as ones talking shit to his wife on Twitter back then most likely.


> There is now a huge depth of thread that is purely political feeling about Trump

... why is political feeling a bad thing to discuss? Space development and exploration, even with commercial launch systems, are inherently a state-actor plaything, so politics are naturally involved.

It'd be like saying opinions about fish aren't welcome on /r/oceans! 
This. January '17 I bought an RX480 for gaming. Crypto started booming so I mined with it when I wasn't gaming. Sold it on eBay in January 18 for 520 CAD which was more than I paid for it, after having mined over 1800 CAD in crypto currency. Bought a 1080Ti for 1079 CAD and it has already mined over 250 CAD worth of crypto for me in 2-something months. 

I basically got my entire PC for 'free' at this point. People complaining about miners are weird. All I had to do was walk into the store and buy the card ... it's not like it was difficult. 
> The artificial flavorings are horrifying.

How horrible that must be for you.
The difference is the ownership structure. You can rent a condo, but you rent it from the owner of the unit - they own a specific piece of the building. When you rent an apartment, you rent it from the owner of the apartment building - they own the entire building. 
Nope. I think there was one store somewhere that stole the name - was unaffiliated. But the company is gone 
You're in the wrong place.

/r/BitcoinCA 

My \#1 tip: Don't. 


Just you wait, Henry Higgins, just you wait. You'll be sorry, but your tears'll be too late. You'll be broke, and I'll have money. Will I help you? Don't be funny. Just you wait, Henry Higgins, just you wait.
I mean, we definitely still have nightclubs. People seem to have fun at Dance Cave, and again Coda is alright for carrying on Footwork's traditions, but Guv closing really signaled the end of Toronto being Canada's EDM mecca. I suggest you go to Montreal instead and check out Stereo! They still have big acts coming through and a shock-absorbing dance floor! 

There's plenty of fun things to do ... depending on your perspective. If you just want to drink though you should just get a fake ID in the States. Coming to Toronto simply to get wasted sounds so weird to me. 
If dolphins had thumbs they'd be doxxing you and making fun of you on 4chan for cockblocking them. 
You are about a decade too late. All of the cool clubs in Toronto closed down a long time ago.

Footwork was cool, now they're Coda in a different location, I guess you could check them out ... but really, we don't have cool nightclubs anymore. 
My friend's ex-husband used to run a pretty popular restaurant on Queen W before he sold it and the new guy renoed it to hell. He believes in Ancient Aliens, Chemtrails, surprisingly denies climate change and tried to pay his employees as little as legally possible. 

Hell of a chef. Catered his own wedding - and not a small one. I will eat anything he makes, he is a culinary wizard. Really nice guy. Dumb as bricks though. Shouldn't have tried to marry into a family of scientists. Glad his ex-wife is my friend instead of him, I'd hate to be left on the wrong side of that divide.

This is common. Extreme skill in one area of life does not necessarily translate. 
> This is a loyalty plan for existing rogers customers 

Nope ...

> the downtown area 

Yup?

> that have had bell fibre wiring done in their building

Nope... 

What a roller-coaster. I can get asymmetric gigabit with Rogers for $$$$fuckload$$$$, no FttP from Bell, no Beanfield. 250/25 unlimited from TSI rCable for me for 101 tax-in. \*sigh\*

Enjoy, bastard.
When we immigrated in '95, we bought all our crap at Honest Eds (and BiWay). I've biked, walked, rollerbladed, driven past this intersection so many times in my life, even though I never lived in the area it just felt like home. I must say, this feels weird. Like Worlds Biggest Bookstore and SAM The Record Man weird. Maybe this is just what getting older feels like? Seeing the world change around you, trying to temper nostalgia with the knowledge that progress is inevitable?

You nailed it in the title though. Just feels weird now.
> Further, I'd really love to hear a valid argument as to why any household needs anything over 100mbps service, tops.

To download things faster, duh. 


>  There's a good reason why that router is $125 at best buy, and a proper router that will do Gbps line speeds is well north of $1k.

What is this, 2002? Even cheapo routers can handle gigabit just fine these days. An $80 Ubiquity ER-X will handle it just fine and Ubiquity is upscale as far as routers go.
So this line item was on your bill for 2 years and you never questioned it? What was it, anyway?

When I lived in a Capreit property, Enercare handled the sub-metering so my hydro bill was actually with Enercare ... I quite liked how much information they gave me about my usage patterns ... 
Spend 10 minutes at a trade show for ad tech and you'll understand
Lol must be nice to have FttP. That Bell plan doesn’t exist here. Rogers has faster plans than 250 but only cheaper on promo/bundles not permanent. Don’t assume your new build condo has the same lines as everyone else. 
Depends on your definition of 'comfortably'. 
If we brought the moon to 20,000km altitude, it wouldn't break apart due to tidal forces, and it wouldn't fuck with our orbit too much, although it would completely disrupt everything from LEO to 400k km +. So say goodbye to GPS. It wouldn't disturb any other planets, they're too far away. It would just be a very, very, very close satellite on the limit of where one that size and density could exist.

Instead of building a moon-sized Death Star, I encourage you to simply re-purpose the Moon itself. It is already a safe distance away.
> Since the Deathstar seems to be at least the same size as a moon, and situated even closer than one, what sort of effect would it have on the planet?

Assuming Scarif was like Earth, for the moon (space station) to appear this big, it would be past the Roche Limit and our gravity would tear it apart. Large chunks of the space station would rain fiery hell down upon the planet surface. The pieces that didn't fully de-orbit would create rings not unlike Saturn's. If a 'moon' suddenly appeared like this, you would be dead within minutes.
> Oh, and how IBM stays in business.

Selling mainframes to financial institutions is a big thing that IBM does, but they are trying to pivot away from that, to cloud solutions... 

Still you're not wrong - supporting ancient software running on ancient hardware (or emulated ancient hardware) is how IBM consultants can bill 2, 3, 5 hundred per hour ... 
Realtor.ca
Depends on how much money you want to spend. Obviously eating at all the best restaurants for all 3 meals and having the best seats to a rivalry Leafs game would be awesome, but I'm OK with just hanging out at home with some Chinese food and a bottle of wine.


No, the facade is not ... pretty. I 'unno about hideous, I think the Sharp Centre is hideous. 10 Dundas is just 'big city ugly' - it's not extreme enough that it's not forgettable. For example, I've lived in TO since 1994 and I've lived specifically at Yonge and Dundas since 2015 and this morning I actually went to look at the 10 Dundas facade because of this news story because I forgot what it looked like. And oh yeah, it's ugly, but I'll forget it tomorrow. At street level it's just a bunch of windows and doors anyway.
I pay 101 tax-in for 250/25 unlimited from TekSavvy over rCable, and I actually get 250/25 reliably. It's not Beanfield but it's not bad!

People on /r/toronto typically cross-shop them with Start.ca. They are also good. The big reason people were advising Start over TSI was because TSI had a customer service problem for a while - they had too few people and wait times were very long. They seem to have fixed that now though.

I'm comfortable recommending either TSI or Start. You are still at the whims of the last-mile provider though so your TPIA experience will not necessarily just depend on the TPIA ... 
I exclusively pee in the stairwells and blame it on the dog.
There are no ethical disadvantages to lab-grown diamonds unless you are a person who is paying a premium for mined diamonds. It is difficult to tell a lab diamond from a mined diamond outside of specialized testing, which is too onerous to do in-bulk in a lot of cases.

Ethical advantages are many. 
Either buy a 'used'/recycled diamond or a lab-grown diamond and have the ring made to your specifications at any reputable custom jewler

Or pay the De Beers piper
You're 2 days late on the story and 1 day late on the event. 

>Winners Yusra Khogali, Black Lives Matter co-founder and leader, and Talisha Ramsaroop, Jane-Finch community leader, will be recognized on International Women’s Day, Thursday.
Yeah, I mean, that is fuckin' weird, but you only have to find them once and then you just know, y'know? 
That's a bizarre way to describe the food court in 10 Dundas East. It's always packed and it even has a Harvey's. It's not even an aesthetically displeasing place. I think you may be exaggerating a bit ... it's not going to win any design awards, but I think 10 Dundas is a fine building. It has a simple job - couple anchors, food, theatre, PATH connection - and it does it well. 
Yup. Living here is alright because it's so central. It's very convenient. But I don't like the area. It's home but it is not the best the city has to offer. 
Depends on where the meat is ground. If it's fresh and ground on premises it's fine, less chance for the bacteria to multiply after being ground through. I've ordered a burger medium rare at many places. Wouldn't want to try that with packaged pre-ground meat, or at McDonalds.
This reads like a press release ... It's yet another iPad based point-of-sale thing. I like 'em in general so good for them I guess? 
You said .50 cents a mile, which is $0.005 or half a cent per mile. You meant 50 cents per mile or .50 dollars per mile.

They were poking fun at that gaffe à la [Verizon Math](http://verizonmath.blogspot.ca/2006/12/verizon-doesnt-know-dollars-from-cents.html).
It is similar with aircraft. If you have a private pilots license, you can split gas money with a friend, or you can split the rental cost of the aircraft with a friend, or landing fees - but you can only split. You cannot charge. If you take more money than their fair share of the costs, you need a commercial pilots license which is a lot more training.

It is similar for almost anything that requires some form of licensing or professional designation... you can play poker at home with your buddies but you can't open up a casino. 
I wasn't replying to you. Learn how reddit works. 

But thanks, I'll tag you as a Trump supporter too so I know not to take anything you say seriously.
What is an alt-right American Trump supporter doing regularly posting in /r/Canada? 
It was called CAPS: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_Animation_Production_System

Pixar's work, of course. During the dance scene, they actually used a rendered 3D background and animated Belle & Beast atop it with CAPS! It looks so out of place now, as we've been spoiled with hyper-realistic 3D ... but it was probably pretty neat in 1991. 
Yes, I would trust a bespoke solution by a local business on a proven stack more than I trust Accenture. That's not an indictment of Windows Embedded so much as a lack of trust in Accenture and respect for people who create custom embedded solutions running on Linux. I used to work in digital signage and there's a wide gap between the two and it has nothing to do with the OS but really who picks what tool. Windows Embedded is great because all your desktop Windows skills transfer; it's not the case when you do embedded with any other platform. The question is: is that a good thing? That the skills transfer? In my experience - no. You don't want desktop Windows guys writing your embedded software. In general. 

But it's just my opinion and who the hell am I? 
> Is it normal to have Win CE with a build date of 2015 in Production? 

Yes oh god yes

> Does EOL not equate to no longer receiving any kind of support or patches from MS,

Yes although we don't call it EOL we call it the end of extended support 

>  such as those addressing security and stability-related issues?

which you should not encounter after half a decade in production in your EMBEDDED environment 
Embedded isn't meant to receive updates for its entire useful life though. EOL means something else there. These aren't internet connected devices running arbitrary software. 

Most of your financial transactions, from the ATM to point of sale machines to back office at your bank, are run on software older and less supported than this.
Yes it will no longer receive extended support, but the point of the Embedded line is not to receive indefinite support, it's not like a PC that needs updates to run new software. It's a stable enough baseline where after enough time on the platform you learn all of its quirks and can code around them if you need to.

You would be aghast if you learned what your financial institution uses in the back office. 

While I'm not a fan of Windows Embedded / CE / whatever they brand it these days, I'm not a fan because it allows too many people used to Win32 development to design embedded software and - here's something that isn't a surprise - Win32 developers suck at writing software. Embedded programmers are of a different breed. Let Win32 guys write embedded stuff and you're in a whole mess. Write shit for a RTOS in assembler and you're not as careless with memory as you are in typical Win32! 

The OS itself shouldn't be criticized too much. It does make it easier to develop these kinds of systems. It's not unlike Accenture to take this approach if you're at all familiar with Accenture.

At least this isn't typical TTC practice. The PVS (Platform Video Screens) on the subway are a [bespoke solution](http://www.tradesync.ca/ttc-pvs-toronto-transit-platform-video-screen/) running Linux, by a local systems integrator instead of ... whatever the fuck you want to call Accenture.
The only paper routes I see are people driving vans delivering stacks of papers to office building lobbies. My condo gets the Globe - for free, downstairs at the concierge.

When I was younger, in the early 2000s, already subscriptions were declining. I had a job selling Toronto Star subscriptions. I didn't last long - the only people who signed up were people who felt bad for me, walking around door to door in the heat. I suppose I wasn't much of a salesman but how do you sell a newspaper? It is what it is. 

Maybe you could work at Timmies. 
Oh. I only looked at the image. I thought it was an act similar to the billboards, under the cover of night. 

Sorry.
Shape of Water is so much more than one alluded-to-but-not-described-in-detail sex "scene" if you can call it that. It must be upsetting for the production staff, cast and crew to see it labeled as "the fish sex movie".

But the sign is funny. Don't see much of [that kind of stuff](https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/street-artist-erects-three-billboards-hollywood-oscar-biggest-pedophile-goes-1089239) in Toronto. 
I rent an '82 condo downtown and (I've done some digging) not only are the building's financials strong, but the same price gets you about 60-70% the sqft in a new build. But, oh, yeah, we don't have Beanfield.

The others here have great information, but I'm just offering my opinion - at least in my anecdotal experience, you WANT an older build - as long as the financials are strong. 
> Not sure if you're referring to Passiv, but one-click trades was one of the features we promised to build. 

Yes, since you are active here, I believe you are the ones I was referring to. I had already built my simple rebalancing script and I thought you guys were oh-so-clever for turning the idea into a business and polishing it up. But I have never used your service.

I guess we can both be disappointed together.
> Beside this policy is just stupid, it is clearly made by someone who has no clue about coding, cause there are still many other ways to send the request automatically. 

Simulating a browser login flow and hitting the end-user endpoints is a lot of fragile work though as everything is subject to change, unlike a reliable and documented API. I personally won't be going that route and will just enter the trades manually based on my script's output, but you're right, to a determined actor it's not a big deal. 
> I wouldn't be brave enough to run a script on my account to do actual trades.

I'm a professional software developer, I've wasted thousands of dollars of my employers' money with buggy code, why not a few of mine?

Just kidding. Sort of. My script requires you to confirm the trade as a sanity check, and the math isn't very complicated. 
I love Pearson! As far as big airports go, anyway. I haven't been to America in a long time, but Prague, Gatwick and Frankfurt were just annoying. I love Vancouver and Victoria but they probably don't qualify for this list. Vancouver's SkyTrain connection is better than the UPX IMO ... but at least we have UPX. It's a game changer. Normally I wouldn't even consider going to Pearson for a regional flight but UPX makes it tolerable. 
Only if you have a Metropass. 
You really should not be drinking distilled water to hydrate. 
This bottle was not adrift that long. It washed up and was buried by sand. The cork did rot, the bottle was open, full of sand. They think the small mouth and being full of sand helped the paper not getting destroyed by the elements.
It's not like it drifted that long. It washed up and was buried in sand. I think that considering they were throwing hundreds of them out to study ocean currents, the inevitability of nobody finding it before it was buried was the expected outcome for most of the experiments.
I normally like BlogTO but ... thanks, I guess, I saw KWT's tweet this morning when I got into work, I suppose they did some minimal effort to write two paragraphs about what she meant and it only took them 8 hours to do it. 

They'd have done better to just retweet KWT and leave it at that. 

I take particular issue with their definition of Spadina. [Spadina is a native word meaning, ‘street with lots of Chinese restaurants.'](https://www.thestar.com/yourtoronto/the_fixer/2011/03/22/the_fixer_they_say_spadeenah_but_are_they_right.html)
You wish. 
Fast.
St Lawrence Market 

But also Loblaws [should have it](https://www.loblaws.ca/Food/Meat-%26-Seafood/Prepped-%26-Marinated/Sausages-%26-Hot-Dogs/Johnsonville-Italian-Ground-Sausage%2C-Hot/p/20878417_EA), check the Carlton location 
Get your parents to co-sign, or put it entirely in their name if the landlord doesn't know how to do that. They're the ones ultimately responsible if you default and they're the ones with the credit history.
Toronto is a very big city and while events like Caribana and Pride do drive a lot of traffic and take over small parts of the city, there is no "normal" in the summer - every weekend is packed and busy with events taking over here and there. We absorb large events pretty well unless transit starts failing.

You'll be fine.
People are fucking weird. 
http://www.gotransit.com/public/en/fares/fareinfo.aspx

#Where to buy
- GO Train stations, GO Bus terminals, and GO Transit ticket agencies. See [ticket sales hours](http://www.gotransit.com/publicroot/en/travelling/citylocations.aspx) at all GO locations.
- GO Bus drivers (single-ride tickets, day passes, and group passes only)
Note: Passengers travelling on GO Bus service are encouraged to purchase tickets in advance at a GO Train station, bus terminal, or ticket agency, rather than from bus drivers.
- Ticket Vending Machines. (single-ride tickets, day passes, and PRESTO at select locations) These machines are found at most GO Train stations, and accept credit cards, debit cards, and coins*.

tl;dr: at the station, at a kiosk.
This belongs on a 14 year old 905er. 

The NHL season isn't even over, let's take a step back for a second.
Like /u/lilfunky1 said, the cops will likely see it as a gift not a theft. When an ex and I broke up, she refused to give me my CAT! I called the non-emergency number and some Waterloo police officer was like, "do you really want to bother us with this domestic argument?"

But in small claims, if she had a history of paying you back for the service and you have proof, maybe even text messages or emails where she agreed to pay for the service or agreed that the hardware was yours, then you could file in small claims for the cost of the hardware and the missed payments on the service --- but there are filing fees, and you'd have to take multiple days off to go file, go to arbitration, go to court, and because it is really just a lover's squabble over peanuts they might not even look favourably upon you. I'm not a lawyer so I don't know how winnable it is, but if you're looking to drag someone to court to prove a point ... heh ... not much stopping you other than the filing fees. 
File in small claims.
[This happened during a flood in Toronto.](http://nationalpost.com/news/canada/lawyer-who-infamously-abandoned-200k-ferrari-in-toronto-flood-gets-very-generous-deal-on-new-sports-car)

He had to be at court in the morning and for his client's sake needed to make the flight, so he abandoned the $200k car in the waters under an overpass. 

It was fully covered by insurance and Ferrari gave him a good deal on an even nicer one.
Miners often undervolt the GPU and run them at a constant temperature and load instead of constantly cycling like a GPU used for gaming. Heat cycling a circuit board is what typically leads to premature failure barring any manufacturing defects. I wouldn't expect miner cards to have a shorter life time than gaming cards - more wear on the fan maybe but the fan is a cheap fix and certainly doesn't require a new GPU. I wouldn't expect an influx of dead GPUs -- but with so much resale going on, it simply saves money to keep the warranty to the original purchaser only. 
~12ms at Yonge and Dundas
>  walking technique. 

gait
Is that in any specific area at Apple?
Well, think about learning any historical events now. It's okay if you mis-remember a date like 1823 as 1838 but contemporaries would think you've fucking lost it. It wouldn't be so awful for a 2120's kid to think Sept 2011. Close enough!
What?
Year first makes the most sense since it is sortable, and defeats the American/European confusion. I'd prefer all dates were Y/M/D.
lol
Heh. The geographic and magnetic north pole is nowhere near North Pole, AK. North Pole, AK is about as far away from the north pole as New York City is from Austin! 

This comment (yours) about you not knowing where or what the north pole is terrifies me! Santa lives THERE - not North Pole, AK. 
Stay in that AirBnB, nobody leases an apartment same-day here. What did you expect to happen when you showed up with no plans and no accommodation? Typically people stay somewhere while they look for a more permanent place.

Go look on Kijiji and Craigslist, $1500 isn't unreasonable, but you need to, you know, have a job? So you can pay it?
http://i.imgur.com/KVNCIzS.gifv
I don't think their pizza is bad. I'm not a big pizza fanatic. For the price, Pizza Pizza is alright - as long as it's fresh. 
Ugh, dude, relax. It's literally at a naval base for a special series. Let them have their rah-rah this one time.
Not only the first pull, but only the second mid-game goalie change of the season for the Leafs, the first being when Freddie got injured.
> What don't I get about big O?

> O(3)

or lol 
>O(c)

if you want me to tell you why - no one would ever say O(3) because it's f(n) = O(g(n)) when an upper bound M exists s.t. f(n) < M * g(n) A n > n_0, implying if g(n) = 1 and your theoretical M is 3 for f(n) < 3 * 1 we would say f(n) is O(1). Never a constant multiple, always a function, the constant is dropped by definition. 

By saying O(3) you're painting a big target on yourself as someone who understands algorithmic complexity on some level but not formally

Furthermore everyone knows subtracting two timestamps is O(1) so in practice no one would do a complexity analysis of it -- it's trivial.

People don't use a constant frame time in physics because they don't know how to calculate their previous frame time. It is because they want to know what their future frame times will be too. When delta-T changes loop to loop, it makes physics a lot harder. The problem is not as simple as you are making it sound.

Either way I wish you luck with your studies.
Leafs win 8-7 in OT
At least the camera's not all over the fucking place this time. The lighting is an interesting change of pace. I'd like to be at this game!
> Delta-t only adds O(3)ish

lol you'll laugh at your past self when you are formally educated about big-O 
> (I'm paraphrasing)

For the sake of your integrity, I insist you quote the computer directly.
No
What would you kill?

The video embed has the clip, it was a televised interview: https://www.cnn.com/2018/02/26/politics/ivanka-donald-trump-sexual-misconduct-accusers/index.html
Here in Toronto three quarters of our public transit's operating budget comes from the farebox, the highest of any intracity transit in North America. Canada is progressive to a point but it's politically untenable to give things away for free or dig too deep into the public purse. We're lucky we have health care, there are factions that would privatize it. 

It is nice others have it free, but I am just happy we have it relatively cheap.
What on earth would lead you to believe that we did?

Tuition is relatively inexpensive, student loans are generous and flexible, and generally if you are a good student who is serious about working you can get a degree and pay off your loans without being indebted for life to soul-crushing profit seekers. Unlike a certain other place.

But it's not free.
> alcohol, high temperature, glass and slippery substances in a small wet space

sigh... \*unzips\*
> When I was 12 or 13 ... I think it went on my credit 

That is not how any of this works


Maybe you are actually living in China 
Ladies of the school of Witchcraft & Wizardry need to file taxes too ... 
... rain is 'inclement weather' that makes driving more challenging? What a charmed life.
The people on /r/iamverysmart 
Passing cards between people? There is still one pass on one card. If the fare inspector stops you, either you have a card with the pass or you don't. It doesn't matter if you tapped on or not. There's still just one card.

If you mean pass-back at the fare gates, you can't do that, same as you can't do it with a non-PRESTO Metropass, it locks out.
No, that would be ridiculous.
It's an infrared image, so 100% false colour as far as humans are concerned - we can't see infrared.
Are you kidding me?
She bought an iPhone and is playing with dictation? 
look man I pay full price for my Metropass and I don't even break even just so guys like that can catch a break and give themselves a discount on the fare if they feel like it or can't afford it. it's public transit, i'd gladly pay more taxes and less at the farebox. let's not tut-tut too much about people who play the system just a little.

if he only rides the subway, he will 100% get away with it. it's just a guilt trip at this point 
no one will ask you for ID but you will have a metropass you can only use on a part of the system without worry and that's kind of a waste of money, why not just load your PRESTO with adult fares, you'll probably make it through the month.

also who swipes their card on the subway these days? it's such a clusterfuck i just wave my pass at whoever looks most like a TTC employee and walk in 
Been hittin' the ol' peace pipe there, gramps? 
> Also, the QWERTY keyboard was designed for type writers, in an effort to slow typing down so that the mechanism wouldn’t get stuck.

Nope. You should read about the actual history. They put frequent letter pairs like ST further apart because jams were common if the bars were beside each other and hit each other - not because people typed too fast, but because the bars would hit each other either way. Either way more or less it was one design that just kinda worked, sold it to Remington and Remington typewriters were popular and used in typing schools, so all the girls knew QWERTY. The guy who designed it didn't even think it was optimal. It became a standard because it was better than piano keys and other contemporary layouts, and because Remington popularized it. The intent was never to slow people down though, avoiding jams due to adjacent keys being pressed was just one minor factor in the design. Its standardization was almost entirely due to Remington's popularity and use in typing class, and its design was more or less just trying to find something that worked well.
Yeah i've been waiting for a good deal on Rise of the Tomb Raider, totally missed the boat on that one. Pays to wait I guess!
It works fine through most sunglasses.
> im split. Im glad they did it, but sometimes i really miss just resting my finger on my phone to unlock when its flat on my desk at work.

I spent like $15 for a Qi charger for my desk at work so it's always propped up and looking at me

and charged, too!


That's really not all that modeling is, sounds to me like you've never even met a working model. It's not an intellectual pursuit for sure but neither are a lot of professions that make big money and that's really all the US wants - famous people (whether in a scientific field, or an art, or a certain profession) that make a lot of money.
People just don't know how to budget or are financially illiterate. It's not often their fault, school does a poor job of preparing you for financial independence. 

But claiming poverty due to Canadian student loans on 120k/yr in Toronto is rich, no pun intended.
If prime + 2.5% is killing you on 120K/yr, you still fucked up. Presumably these aren't like, $500k loans, because not even med school costs anywhere near that much.
> I know people who make 80k who are broke because it costs so much to live

Nah, you know people who make 80k who are broke because they don't know how to budget. I've lived well in Toronto on 55k and people do it on far less. You have to temper your expectations. 
ohai Toronto
Actually, it is learning, it's just that typical ML models do not *continue* to learn on your phone since the process is computationally expensive.

Think about a computer vision problem. You are posing a computer a question, "what is this?" which is a very difficult problem to solve. But we do know a lot about prediction and the mathematics behind prediction. So, we can rephrase that question as a prediction problem: given this data, what do you predict its classification to be? And we know how to do classification through statistical means - logistic regression and such, but these models don't help us classify an image as a cat or a hot dog. These analytical techniques might be helpful in predicting whether a past customer will buy your new widget, but we don't know how to answer the image classification problem by hand.

This is where learning comes in. Essentially you allow the mess of linear algebra within the neural network re-program itself itself to known classified images - images of cats that you have labelled 'cat' for example. The computer doesn't know what a cat is, but by telling it that a certain input is certainly a cat, it can rearrange the weights and values in the internal matrices of this black box such that when you feed a training image into the computer, it runs through all of that linear algebra and predicts that it will be classified as a cat. And that is the learning phase. (There is a validation phase but I'll skip over that) Then you bake those linear relationships into a model, and that model is considered trained - it has learned. Then you can load up that model and feed it novel pictures of a cat, and it will be able to run through that same linear algebra and come out with a prediction for what the classification will be. 

So you have taken a simple concept like rearranging matrices and weights between data points, and a concept like prediction, added in machine learning (re-arranging based on training data), and you have a black box prediction algorithm that *has learned* to identify cats, or hot dogs, or what have you. 

In the end it is just math sure, but you have given it only the building blocks - linear algebra and a training set - but the underlying algorithm is learned, and baked into the model, and completely indecipherable to humans. Without that training step, the model would be useless.

So it is not learning about cats in the same way that a toddler would. It doesn't think or feel. But, it does learn, for a strict definition of learning. 

edit: and as always, there is a relevant xkcd: https://xkcd.com/1838/
Unemployment and less money? Toronto is expensive, but Ontario currently has record low levels of unemployment, and the jobs are certainly not concentrated in Thunder Bay and Fort Frances. 

As for quality of education: it depends on what you are studying and whether you are in undergrad or graduate studies. UofT is great, but Waterloo, SFU, McGill, Queens, and Western are not slouches (though it depends on the program). 

It is certainly easier to live in Toronto as a 'common' person than it is in San Francisco, New York City, or Vancouver although not as easy as Montreal or Edmonton where cost of living is lower. 

I think Toronto is just fine. 
People want to make computers do things but they're not very good at making the computer work fast. I make it work fast for them. They use my computer programs to help other people answer questions about their jobs.
> I realized we're not far from the time when those early '80s games are closer to this Mickey Mouse animation than to the present.

It will be in 2027. You still have some time to get older before that happens!
Heh, so you get sugary carbs, processed sandwich meat and cheese and skip all of the veggies?
A lot of people refer to a large business park as a 'campus', typically when there are multiple buildings. Think like Google or Microsoft where the buildings have names and can be reasonably far apart and sometimes even have local transportation (around campus). Not sure Subway HQ qualifies but if that's what they called it, that's what they called it.
> Ontario is already suffering badly economically because of her decisions.

Which Ontario? The one in California? Because we have [record low unemployment and very strong GDP growth](https://economics.td.com/provincial-economic-forecast). 
> down to earth governance

What, voting against anything that helps people? Yelling at clouds? It's all he does.

> Ford is experienced

at being a failure

> and lots of people like him. 

folks
BC is lucky to have an abundance of hydro, but nuclear is an environmentally conscious solution for base load. 
Well, machine learning is just a big pile of linear algebra so this task-specific vector coprocessor ("AI engine") speeds up ML-related tasks. If you can apply an ML solution to a problem and use the AI engine to run your model, according to them, it's an on-device AI application using the AI engine. "Hexagon" vector processor is probably just branding that somehow relates to the architecture of the coprocessor (6 distinct elements per core or something?) 

That's... uh... welcome to corporate, I guess. Brand everything, use your brand everywhere.
[Neat, you can kinda see it](https://i.imgur.com/7K6VO5g.jpg)
> We still kill a lot of Pigs here.

[Nah](https://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/toronto/the-end-of-hogtown-torontos-last-pig-plant-shuts-its-doors/article18932864/). Just process them now IIRC.
I'm not sure this person is 100% serious with this post, guys... 
I fake-invested in Equifax during the post-breach slump, I'm up 22.61% now. I wish it were real money. 

I'm new to investing, but I learned something about American corporations: if they are too big to fail, buying them during a crisis is a safe bet.  I'll make sure to have some real money handy when the next one comes around.
Well, at a bare minimum, you have to recoup all of your expenses. The question is whether a certain business is viable. Even if you make 1 cent, you're viable. But not necessarily very profitable. 

Presumably if we wanted Netflix-like streaming of new-release movies, we're wondering at what price is that viable.
I guess this is what happens when people feel they can't get an abortion. 
Well I sorta heard it through the grapevine from years of following cinema geeks break down box office profits, but I suppose Quora is a quasi-source: https://www.quora.com/How-do-movie-theaters-pay-for-movies-Do-they-rent-the-movie-reel-Do-they-give-a-portion-of-ticket-prices-to-the-movie-studio

> With big movies, there will also be a guarantee that the theaters or theater chains   have to pay in order to book the movie, and then they can deduct the distributor's share (as above) each week from it, but any balance left on the guarantee when the movie ends its run at that theater will not be returned.

Each contract is different, so I imagine there's quite a bit of play in exact terms. I suppose there is nothing stopping a studio from setting the floor to $0 to gain screens, or conversely allowing cinemas to bid on limited releases.
A remittance is a payment or a gift, usually a portion of some other income. So people send remittances overseas to their family, you remit a portion of your income in taxes, etc. 
Cineplex VIP in Canada is like this, they even serve food and booze to your booth. IIRC Alamo Drafthouse is like this in the US. 

Cineplex VIP is pretty expensive, like twice the cost of a regular ticket, but it's a nice experience.
Their costs are non-zero overall but the cost per viewer is many orders of magnitude less than theatres who need physical real estate and employee interaction with each viewer.
Well, think of it this way. Let's say you agree to show movie X, and the deposit is $1000. Then you agree to remit 80% of sales the first week, 60% of sales the second week, 30% of sales the third week, and then you stop showing it on the 4th week. If you still haven't made $1000 for the studio's portion, you are out the full $1000 to the studio. If you have made over $1000 for the studio's portion, you are out that full amount. It is essentially a floor on what you pay the studio at the end of the exhibition period.

If you are 'selling' the tickets through a monthly package, you still have to put money into the studio's account as if you'd sold the ticket, so the idea is you would break even on concessions. But if you are Netflix, you have nearly unlimited seats and nearly zero cost to fill them, so it changes the calculus quite a bit in that you only have to recoup that floor and anything above is gravy for you, as long as the premium is high enough that an additional viewer is not more expensive in studio remittance than your average premium payment (on a per movie basis). 
In the case of MoviePass, it's a third party unaffiliated with either cinemas or studios. But they're probably not profitable yet.

Considering Netflix would take the role of the cinema in this case, they don't have to recoup the cost of physically exhibiting the movie, they only have to recoup the cost of paying off the studio, which presumably would be made easier through the much higher volume. I agree the break-even point would likely be higher than a $10/mo premium, but it wouldn't be anywhere near the same cost as a cinema offering the same deal.
They do. They agree to pay a deposit to exhibit the movie, and then they remit ticket sales on a sliding scale, paying the studio less per ticket as the movie gets older. If they never sell enough tickets to break even on the deposit, they do take a loss on the movie, as the deposit is not refundable. 
I think the volume would increase drastically, and not every Netflix subscriber would watch 4 new-release films per month (or even close to it), but you're right I think the break-even point would be higher than a $10 premium, but lower than the $100+ estimates elsewhere in the thread.

The biggest problem for the studios in my eyes will be the DRM. New release movies are hilariously over-protected when distributed to theatres, each copy is uniquely identifiable with hidden markers in the audio and video, etc. They go to great lengths to prevent high-quality leaks and rips. But streaming it over the Internet will completely circumvent that; if it can be played at home it can be recorded at home. 
> thirdly films are big and heavy to ship across the country to thousands of movie theaters.

Those digital bits sure are heavy. 

Digital (Internet) distribution is a thing, but also just a couriered hard drive works where that's not possible - and that is not expensive.
> And it hinges on selling concessions to make money. Most theaters don't make money on ticket sales.

Um, right, but we're talking about movie studios making money, not theatres. Movie studios make money off ticket sales to recoup their cost of producing the movie; theatres make money off concessions to recoup the cost of showing the movie. Netflix's cost to show the movie is minimal in comparison to the theatres.


> The splitting logic ends up being interesting, since it's trying to balance aircraft counts between tiles, and they're decidedly non-evenly distributed.

By "median longitude / latitude" I meant of the planes in the current bounding box being considered. By splitting on median lat / long each recursion level, you are putting half the planes on one side and half on the other (+/- 1 in the odd case), you naturally balance the per-tile density. Stop recursion when you reach your desired per-tile density (whether it's total count / some constant or just some constant) and every tile will be roughly the same density (+/- 1) and you will have a balanced 2-dimensional kd-tree. 
As far as I understand it, Americans think the constitution is infallible. No other place on earth considers owning a deadly weapon a fundamental right, I don't think ... but a lot of them think access to health care is. Funny how that works.
Divide and conquer? Find the median longitude, split into left and right. Recurse on left and right, find the median latitude. Split on top and bottom. Recurse.

Am I close? Sorta like k-d trees? 
> If you were wearing the right holster (tension) he wouldn't be able to. And those holsters are the most common. 


[Third-grader pulls trigger on Maplewood cop’s gun, firing a shot ](https://www.twincities.com/2018/02/05/maplewood-police-officers-gun-fires-at-school-no-injuries-reported/)

> The officer, who was unaware that the child was touching his gun, was wearing a department-approved, Level 3 security holster, the news release said. The holster is equipped with a trigger guard designed to prevent a gun from being fired while in it.


> Retention holsters are designed to prevent guns from being pulled by anyone but the person wearing the holster, and they're a very common safety precaution.

[Third-grader pulls trigger on Maplewood cop’s gun, firing a shot ](https://www.twincities.com/2018/02/05/maplewood-police-officers-gun-fires-at-school-no-injuries-reported/)

> The officer, who was unaware that the child was touching his gun, was wearing a department-approved, Level 3 security holster, the news release said. The holster is equipped with a trigger guard designed to prevent a gun from being fired while in it.


> If not 2 months then how long would you say it takes to improve? I could try wait it out. I have already paid every linked debt. Im right now at 515. 

It's impossible to predict, really. It depends on your current score, how many late payments you've had, and internal algorithms at the credit agencies. A quick way to boost your score would be to get a big credit limit increase while keeping your utilization as low as possible, since that determines a large part of your score. It could be anywhere from 10 months to 2-3 years until it rises to reasonable levels through good payment habits again.

> I may have to go the sublet route then. 

Yeah, but sublets still have to be *reasonably* approved by the landlord. That might involve a credit check.

> I own a Singaporean credit card and have been using it for a year since my Canadian one expired. Is there any way I can get renters to see that score? 

No, they will want a Canadian one. You could ask them to request anything you want to ask them to request of course, but there is no reason for them to do it. Just like you can explain your credit situation and offer to prepay but there is no reason for them to accept you either. 
> I found out my credit score is bad because of my lack of seriousness regarding my credit card bills. I had months pass by without paying anything to the balance. I did not think too much of it as I had the money but was just being lazy. 

Your credit score shows that you cannot pay your bills on time, because you haven't been. "I did not think too much of it ... I was being lazy" is not an excuse. 

> How can I improve my score? How long will it take? My lease expires in 2 months, is there any hope? 

Have high credit with high account age but low overall utilization, make all your payments on time with absolutely no late payments. No, there is no hope in fixing it in 2 months.

> However because of bad credit score I cant seem to get approved by any renter.

Offer to prepay an entire year in advance. Alternatively, buy property. 
I wish we weren't giving people points so much, but 3v3 sure is a lot of fun

edit: or two points :'(
Oh, the stars are the special collectible in a certain world. I get it. I haven't finished the game yet!
There's a Super Mario 64 mode in Odyssey? 
> A lot of Americans are stockholders, prob most are.

Slightly. http://news.gallup.com/poll/211052/stock-ownership-down-among-older-higher-income.aspx

54%
> then the tax cut was pushed onto the public based on a lie.

Yup. But everyone who was paying attention knew this. 
Yes, the GOP lied to everyone, it's true. It's what they do. The corporations didn't - they outright said it wouldn't go to wages and R&D. 

edit: https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/11/15/16653698/ceos-investment-tax-reform
Oh god that reminds me of when Rob Ford got thrown out for being drunk and belligerent at the Air Canada Centre and he went on to apologize by saying that we'll never see that kind of behaviour from him again, "at the ACC".
Consider a postal code is divided into FSA (forward sortation area) and LDU (local delivery unit), did he get the FSA right at least?

It increases your chances of someone fixing the mistake anyway if it makes it to the right FSA.
The flu changes every year, they have to predict what the dominant strains will be and use that in the vaccine. These are highly trained scientists using well-tested models backed by mountains of evidence, but unfortunately there's that adage "all models are wrong, some models are useful", and this year the model wasn't as helpful as it could've been so the flu shot was less effective than usual. 
Huh? What do you mean he put the wrong ZIP code? Like, on the return address?

edit: oh you mean postal code lol. I haven't heard anyone try to call a postal code a 'ZIP code' in a long time!! It will get sorted incorrectly and marked undeliverable.  Canada Post employees will [sometimes](http://nationalpost.com/news/canada/canada-post-takes-45-years-to-deliver-letter-to-calgary-woman-living-just-215-kilometres-away-from-sender) *attempt* to find the right address ... but not always, and it'll get returned to sender. It helps if your address is unambiguous (like there's only one street with that name in your city). 
I'm getting sick of the shootouts though.
No, it's not. 
>  because that's not feasible fit the average person anymore.

Sure it is. You just don't mind Bitcoin directly. You could actually watch the videos instead of making assumptions.
Yeah, happens to me a lot. I force quit the app and restart it. Kind of a PITA. 
You are joking if you think anyone is sending a commercial Android smart phone as a part of a spacecraft.
It doesn't rhyme
Quit it with this false equivalency
Compensating for small dicks
You realize they changed it right
FFS, reddit. 
Are you for real?
No, not taxes. They are literally fees for fire service. Usually because your township is too small to support a fire department so you are paying for the services of a neighbouring one. That township can't collect any taxes from you, so you have to actually pay the fire department. It's not a mandatory tax - it is a fee and you can opt out - [but then they let your house burn](http://www.nbcnews.com/id/39516346/ns/us_news-life/t/no-pay-no-spray-firefighters-let-home-burn/). 
I get unlimited 250/25 for 101 CAD tax-in with TekSavvy (TPIA using Rogers Cable). Not bad I guess. Would be worse in America. 
it's even worse for bars or car rentals with untrained point-of-sale operators because they will do a pre-auth for like $200 and then instead of capturing that pre-auth for your spend of $100, immediately releasing the other $100, they will create a new auth-and-capture transaction for your $100 spend, leaving that $200 pre-auth to expire out, leaving you -$300 temporarily instead of -$100 at time of capture. DESIGNING THESE SYSTEMS (in a web context) USED TO BE MY LIFE. the problem is people misuse their merchant accounts a lot and get away with it because high credit limits hide these things. 

edit: it's really only until the merchant has a high rate of chargebacks/disputes that any action begins to be taken; and i mean disputes that they LOSE. you can get away with all kinds of shitty practices w.r.t. abusing your merchant account but it's really when you start losing disputes that you start to get into problems with your bank, so realistically for OP (even though he isn't reading this) i'd recommend starting a *dispute* but not a *chargeback*. you don't want to claim it was fraudulent - it wasnt, you were there and authed it, even though they didn't make it clear it was an auth. but they didn't capture the auth and they abused their merchant account and disputes is where it hurts and what drives policy (and drove policy in every org i've been in that dealt with credit cards). again, they AUTHED but didn't CAPTURE THE AUTH, instead created a NEW AUTH-AND-CAPTURE TRANSACTION. OP would have been fine if they just partially captured the auth. it's a failure of their system, they are not doing things right. if you do an auth you better be ready to capture it, it's lazy to the extreme to ignore it and create a new tx.
i've been dragged to a few strip clubs in TO in my day and no, you pay for what you consume, but if oyu want to start a tab you can put down a credit card, which according to OP in his case they pre-authed, which isn't unusual at all although i've never seen it at a bar there's no reason a bar can't do that, the trouble only comes when they pre-auth a Visa Debit card, because that puts a hard hold on the funds. they really should be letting the cardholder know that they are doing the pre-auth. it's almost inconsequential for credit since most people's limit is >>> their utilization, but can be awful on debit where people just might not have cash on hand to cover the exaggerated pre-auth amount. 

it's certainly not an unusual thing to do, pre-auth a credit card for a post-paid service, like a bar tab (although in my experience they prefer to just keep the physical card behind the bar so you have to come back for it). but it is a dickish thing to do to run a visa debit as credit and pre-auth without telling the holder. 

but it is absolutely not outside the realm of common practice. not at all. OP should have known not to use his debit card for things like that. it's a hard lesson, only have to learn it once, i think. 

this applies to hotels, bars, gas pumps, car rentals, etc anything post-paid. don't use debit. 

lmao yeah it's ridiculous, they'll overdraft you for visa debit pre-auths that were never captured, it's kinda stupid to treat a debit card as a credit card. with credit the assumption is that your limit is >>> your utilization, obviously that doesn't hold for debit. it's a bit insane and i'm kinda annoyed that Canadian banks are moving to using Visa Debit but the smartest financial thing you can do is find a credit card with perks that match your spending habits and pay it off each month. and treat debit as cash, NEVER use debit at anything post-paid that will pre-auth (like a bar tab, gas pump, hotel, etc). 

I get 2% cash back on pretty much every dollar I spend except rent and transit and I use my debit card maybe twice a quarter to grab cash, haven't used it at POS in years.
Canadian debit cards are increasingly on the Visa network too. They are the same-ish, can be run as debit or credit, except they're more likely to enforce chip & pin whereas Americans will get away with signing. I actually haven't tried signing for a Debit Visa transaction, so I can't speak to that, but yeah... not everything is Interac anymore. You can't pre-auth Interac as far as I know, only do a balance inquiry - which is what vendors SHOULD be doing instead of a pre-auth on Visa Debit, but it's such a technical distinction that very few people know the difference. Also business rules / practices might forbid it - a pre-auth lets you capture the amount later without the card or holder present, a balance inquiry only lets you know that you CAN transact the amount if the card and holder are present later and the balance hasn't changed, which isn't very useful for a bar tab. 
Is it so easy to switch though? Consider they would have to drop the pan raise the pole when turning on a detour, then drop the pole raise the pan when joining the mainline ... which requires stopping the car and manual work ... imagine the chaos! In the middle of traffic, during a detour to begin with!

No, I think the infrastructure really needs to be there. It's really unfortunate they are delayed, but with the order being delayed, might be not as bad as it could be.
Yeah that's a good idea. It'll probably be warm enough to take off the leather jacket a lot, but not warm enough to just go out in a shirt. Sweaters are key.
There probably won't be any snow. A leather jacket and gloves will be plenty. If it's unseasonably cold and windy, which can sometimes happen, you might want a hat. 

Then again, when it is truly cold, you don't have to go outside much downtown Toronto. There's the PATH which is a large underground mall connected by basements of downtown buildings. There is the subway. Worst case you have to wait for a bus or streetcar. ;-) 

But that's winter levels of Torontonian weather avoidance. In mid-March you will be fine. 
These aren't airplanes though that need redundancies upon redundancies. Their choice to deal with this problem is by inspecting more frequently and limiting the use of carbons that are known to have a shorter life. Presumably that is easier to implement than a design change and a new tested part to the whole fleet, especially given the delay in the order. If they catch it in the maintenance bay, there's no need for a redesign. It's simply a wear item that is wearing quicker than expected.
I knew a world-class ballet dancer, he believed in ancient aliens. 


Fun fact, macOS's desktop compositing cache is all PDF. NeXT used Display PostScript but Apple didn't want to pay to license PostScript for that use. PDF is basically PostScript's child and has a far less restrictive license. So -- macOS (Mac OS X) had native print to PDF from the start, because everything was rendered to PDF for display anyway.
YESSSSSSS
Oh I’ve been on the sub for years. I mean I’m physically at the game
This being my first regular season NHL game, I feel like I’m getting the real Leafs experience.
I’ve never heard that before. Is it he played with the broken stick?
Interac? No. Only balance inquiry. But almost all American banks use Visa Debit and Canadian banks are starting to too. Their advantage is you can use them as a credit card. You can run a pre-auth on them though. Since the auth can still be captured for the full value at any time before it expires, the funds are held until capture or expiry. Not a big deal with a cc but an issue with debit. 
Trying to trade 3 purples for 2 greens tonight 👍🏼. My first NHL regular season game! First NHL game was preseason vs Habs year before last. We won that one so I’m good luck eh

Edit: got the greens. 318 row 11 what up
IM EXCITED GUYS
It's a way of life
> Conversion to full pantograph capability of the overhead along them is still some time off, and the schedule for this work lies in 2019, notably at the King/Queen/Roncesvalles where replacement of the track is also planned. A further problem is that service on King routinely short turns and diverts via streets that are not planned for conversion until 2020.

> This project has slipped by about a year from plans in earlier capital budgets with more work now in 2020 than in previous versions.

So, conversion delays, basically. Munro says they're a year behind which is not atypical for infrastructure work unfortunately, but either way even if they were ahead of schedule, those alternate streets would still be causing problems.
Oh yeah, all of those hardened criminals serving weekends are going to randomly start trouble with ... TTC employees who wrote bad tickets. 
It's nice to have lots of credit and use it responsibly (I have somewhere around 80x more available credit than I actually use) but not everyone is responsible and it's well-known that creditors thrive off irresponsibility. They don't need everyone to actually pay a 19.9 APR but if enough people do, they make good money. And the first step to getting someone to pay all that interest is to give them the money to spend in the first place, even if it is a bad idea.
Your credit card, right? It's not unusual to pre-auth, although I've never seen a pre-auth at a bar, titty or otherwise. Unless they captured it, it really will just drop off after 3 to 4 business days. 

If it was your debit card - they must've made a mistake and thought it was a credit card? The pre-auth will actually hold up your money in that case, although you will see it back.
The BBC is publicly funded (so no advertiser worries) and you can’t be a politician that ignores the public broadcaster (although they try). Basically they are not competing for access or views. 
Not *each*... 
Nah the sexual harassment one is fine, I hate the Fallsview Casino ones.
I like El Cheapo movers. They didn't pack my stuff, but they wrapped my furniture - so I kept my clothes in my dresser etc stuff like that. They are inexpensive relatively speaking but they are not CHEAP - it's still full-service and you are paying for the vehicle, the people's time, etc. I went from Yonge and Eg to Yonge and Dundas and I think it cost around 450, but we got stuck in traffic and there were various delays outside of our control. Either way, they're frequently recommended and I had a good experience with them.
Canadian Tire automotive section *should* take it. Give them a call first. 
> I hope you understand that the way you just flipped your position here after having been proven wrong impacts the faith you deserve in conversation. I kind of wish you'd have taken ownership about the milk thing.

It's an example of a commodity. The fact that that particular commodity has a price-fixing cartel in Canada is immaterial, it doesn't change the statement about commodity pricing in general. The milk cartel doesn't do what they do for the benefit of the consumer, anyway, so you're not making a good argument either way.

> I'm also wondering what 'OP is not a tenant' is getting at.

Because you are confused. You are bringing up controls and regulations for tenants at the municipal and provincial level. None of that has anything to do with how landlords price their vacant properties. A bidding war is not 'an abuse' - they don't even have a relationship at that point. Prospective tenants and vacancy pricing has *nothing* to do with tenant protection, and I hope the difference is obvious enough that you'd understand without having it spoon-fed to you.
> Milk's price is standardized in Canada

lol by the made-in-Canada protectionist dairy cartel, like maple syrup in Quebec. Way to go, advocating price fixing.

> And we already have laws in place to prevent pricing spikes in the rent. If tenants are being subject to abuses like bidding wars in a province that does not legislate renter's laws according to the wants of property owners, or voters, but rather the needs of tenants, then the city would be right to impose further control.

OP is not a tenant.
You're going to have to be pretty flexible on location to hit $1200/mo. Have you broadened your search? If you are encountering nothing but scams and landlords who don't even reply to you, it is likely you are seeking below-market rent for the neighbourhoods you are looking at. The former list with low prices to maximize the number of respondents, the latter list with low prices to encourage a bidding war (and don't bother engaging with those who don't offer more). When you price correctly, you will find a lot more serious offers.
If there is a commodity shortage, like of milk, the prices in the supermarket do go up. If there were only 1 bottle of milk left, nothing is stopping the supermarket owner selling it to whoever will pay more. 

You enter into a rental contract willingly, you agree to the price before you enter into the contract, not when the landlord puts up an ad, no one is forcing you to rent at any price. 
If $1400 was below what the market would bear, why not? 
> We needed an ambulance, it was pretty clear since people were shouting is there a nurse or doctor on board. The driver called her supervisor. When he arrived she came down to see and he said oh we need an ambulance. This was 10 minutes after the event.

None of you called an ambulance yourselves? 
They don’t care... just don’t be an ass about it 
No but yes. You have to take a hotel shuttle off the airport property (for free google it - not the hotel train) or drop your UberX pin outside the airport property and call the guy and hope he agrees to pick you up at arrivals. They’re not supposed to since you need to be a GTAA licensed limo or whatever but they’ll usually do it. 
Kelp
No they were getting PPL training like anyone in America can do (and even fly solo while training with a valid medical)

The bar is not that high
You won't get EI if you quit.
> Should I leave my full-time job

> I have about 15k of school debt.

>  I can't get much traction part-time let alone clients.

I think you know.
Very few pairs/ice dance skaters are in a relationship with their skating partner

I think there was one husband/wife pair in the 20 that skated the pairs short this year, and one brother/sister pair.
https://www.vox.com/videos/2018/2/13/16991336/winter-olympics-figure-skating-score-technical
Medical transport usually. 
I was on the train southbound later in the day when they were bypassing the station for the police investigation. My *god* was there a lot of blood on the platform! 
Fuel for a Falcon 9 launch is like 200k, the cost to SpaceX of a launch is $36.7m, so the fuel represents 0.5% of the cost of the flight to SpaceX. Not free no but it's practically meaningless at that scale, even a 25% increase in fuel (which is huge!) amounts to ... 50k. Less than the cost of a Tesla. ;-)
I don’t pay for iCloud and don’t have any notification badge. 
Go to Davisville. Anything administrative w.r.t. the TTC, go to Davisville. 
> Is there another TTC station that is further from its namesake ~~street~~ than Greenwood?

Pioneer Village Station :P
Why would they have to shut down for good? Presumably they're going to get a fair market value for the property so... why not move? It's only one of the proposed locations, anyway.


> My point is that Reddit is the best source

u wot m8?
If you add funds manually online, it can take up to 24hr as they say, but realistically it's as soon as you tap onto a reader with your load on it.

Some readers can only get updated transaction information when their vehicle is at the yard / at the terminal. 

It should be basically under 8hr for every vehicle in TO tho
Billboards with bible folk won't get you very far
Haha yeah it's that and the shootout, I forgot about that. Such a frustrating game felt like a loss. 
Are we really 7-1-0 in 8 games? I've been watching although not with all my attention but for some reason I feel like we lost more than one.
You know how it would be silly for the Queen of England to have a driver's license or passport, because the UK's ability to issue those things are powers that come *from the Queen*.

Similarly, classification powers come from the president ... He doesn't need clearance, he *is* the clearance! He can de-classify anything he wants. Which is scary. 
> your neighbours can't arbitrarily turn their house into a commercial slaughterhouse

They can get away with a slaughter greenhouse for a while though 
There was a big vuln in iOS 8 that didn't even require you to accept the file for remote execution (through a further exploit in the enterprise deployment part of iOS)...

That being said, as I mentioned elsewhere, this is a pretty small attack surface. So overall I agree with you. But it's not a nuisance *at worst* ... it is still communicating actively with 'foreign' devices.
Because asking people to pay a 1000% rent increase on the spot or be thrown out into -20 degrees that night because you discovered they were homosexual is not part of your rights as a property owner

But that's a contrived example that should illustrate the point. Are you asking more generally why laws exist? I mean, I suppose, if I own a gun and a bullet, there is nothing *inherently* wrong with me wanting to use the gun to have the bullet occupy a specific trajectory over a specific period of time, but the law intervenes when that trajectory intersects with your body. 

It looks like she shared a note from Notes.app via AirDrop. Notes do display spellcheck, as a Word document would or any other editable document.

There is no mechanism for messaging people; AirDrop uses the PAN to exchange files and documents. It's not a messaging service. 
I'm guessing you are not from Canada ... 

We are a very diverse society. Having an Asian wife is not "having an Asian fetish", jesus, it's just marrying the cute girl you met at school or wherever. 
Settings -> General -> AirDrop for anyone wondering. I don't believe iPhones can receive traditional Bluetooth file transfers without being paired. 

While I don't believe AirDrop discoverability is a huge attack surface, there was a big vuln in iOS 8, and it doesn't hurt to set it to 'Contacts Only' if you don't use AirDrop with strangers often.
All I read is "I'm bored on the train and all my apps need data"

I remember when people used to Bluetooth file transfer goatse to people at restaurants when Bluetooth was new
Almost got one, have 64 hours, but haven't flown since 2010. One day, I'll be back. 
Ah, pilots really do have the coolest vacations. Safe travels!
You’re joking right?
An LRT can't supply the capacity demanded by the DRL and there's nowhere to put it. In Scarborough, the LRT serves more people at more stops for less money on an existing ROW. 

I can see you haven't really looked into this at all. You always shoot from the hip?
> Ok, that doesn't obviate the need for higher order transit of some form in Scarborough though

Yes, it's called the LRT. 
> people in Scarborough don't ride the subway because they don't have a stop, and therefore were not polled.

.. did you read the article at all? You shouldn't use terms like 'sampling bias' if you didn't bother to read the poll's methodology. 
This isn't the City's poll.
TL;DR: There is a city-wide consensus on what the highest priority transit project should, with Scarborough residents being the only dissenting group. 

Hope this helps.
Especially on a wooden table 
It's like catch and release fishing. 
You're an idiot.
Cymbals
Hey, you're the guy who [lied about having cancer](http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/qdmb8/the_same_day_my_doctor_told_me_my_cancer_was/c3wsz9s). You really shouldn't throw stones!
> I was talking to my employer about getting into VR and what kind of computer we would have to buy to use it. His IT guy without skipping a beat says: "Oh, you will need a Titan for that." 

Why not get a Titan? If I was a games developer or needed a beefy *consumer* GPU for work, why not get a Titan Xp? Computers are cheap, people are expensive, may as well get the most powerful computers.
The fuck kinda hotels you stayin' at? Plastic mattress covers? Mattress covers are fabric everywhere I've ever stayed.
> Sure I can afford it - it’s just a completely stupid desktop solution except for ridiculous edge cases. Show me most workloads that need 80 cores,

it is entertainment for nerds, not a how-to design efficient & effective compute solutions course
People don't watch Top Gear / Grand Tour because they are cross-shopping limited run hypercars.
Who's the Mayor of Scarborough?
\*sigh\* iOS never ran a JVM, no Java involved. JailbreakMe was a Safari exploit first in the TIFF renderer, and later with the FreeType library used in rendering PDF. 
> a few days ago he changed the national anthem's lyrics to be more gender inclusive

*He* didn't do that. I don't think you understand how our government works. 
This stock footage is everywhere. [Here it is while V/O talks about machine learning](https://youtu.be/YNLC0wJSHxI?t=104).

It's quite amusing. I don't know if it's just an inside joke, or part of some royalty-free library everyone has (and the creators don't know any better). 

edit: [Mystery solved](https://www.videoblocks.com/video/close-up-of-programming-an-app-on-the-computer-screen-hmxnz5vflizd77x9v)
The NDP vote is a wasted vote in Ontario. 
Grid fins are ~70s technology. Soviets used them on ballistic missiles. They're a decent control surface at high speeds in the atmosphere, their advantage is being light and being able to fold up. 
Dunno man, hand-made pasta, cut his teeth at a Michelin Star restaurant, it looks quite good on paper to be honest. I wouldn't write it off so quickly, most 'pasta places' are awful. 
No but they certainly will bill you, and while it's not American-level crazy prices, it's still a lot more expensive than a walk-in. 
Nice. It's good you got the caching server up. Glad things are working out. 
> They really need to fix their shit, especially with the 24 hour wait on Autoload, cmon man.

Autoload is instant, after it is set up for the first time (which takes up to 24hr). It is a manual online reload that takes up to 24hr.
Yeah, I got my card as soon as it was available too. I have no idea what happened but it stopped working for online reloads and autoloads a year or so ago. I would have a reload pending for a month until it dropped off and refunded me. I ended up buying a new card and moving my old balance over, and I haven't had a failure since. 
I got 45 hours into Witcher 3 before abandoning it for 6 months. I was a bit lost when I got back into it, but what I did was run around attacking random mobs to familiarize myself with combat again, then I did some easy quests I was overleveled for. When I decided to do the main quest again, I just had to look up a few names in the glossary (or you can Google it if the game doesn't have one). It didn't take long for me to be right back into it.

If I had spent <10hr I would probably just restart.
Don't shoot the messenger, I thought this implied they are serving the public:

> It is now the 8th of February, and normals – as in people who aren't NBA superstars or members of the OVO crew – are starting to share views from inside the space on Instagram.
Do you have a job? I ask because one of the documents is a letter from an employer on company letterhead. 

> employer record (e.g. pay stub, letter from employer on company letterhead)

That being said, I thought there was 3 month waiting period before you are covered by OHIP. Are you even technically covered at the moment, proof of residency aside?
Non-Judicial Punishment (demotion, loss of pay, some form of military punishment without a court)

45 days restricted to base 45 days extra duty (punishment type work)

Just military punishments.
Hah, I like this! Reminds me of The Weakerthans for some reason. 
Title is a wild ride. 

Guy was a chef at a Michelin Star restaurant in Italy, moved back here to open up his own pasta place, he asked the City what kind of licenses he needed and apparently for 9 seats and under with no servers he just needed a retail license, when it came time to open the City said no that's wrong and you have to be licensed as a restaurant and also that street has an old by-law banning restaurants so his application was denied. So while he got that straightened out, he was still operating - without a license, and not publicly, hence 'secret speakeasy'. 

Now he's got everything licensed so it's no longer a 'secret pasta speakeasy' but just a pasta place.


Should've just walked in past the booth guy. What's he gonna do? Your fare was already paid from your bus trip.

I know, the system sucks, so when it screws you for no reason you really have to be assertive.
Unless Council changes their mind on the SSE, which is looking less and less likely, the RT will keep running until 2026 which is the projected date for the SSE opening. The SSE replaces the RT with one subway stop at Scarborough Town Centre. Expect that date to slip, as most tunneling projects do. Until then the RT is on life support, hanging on past EOL like our CLRVs.
 I was in "Computer Class" in grade 9. These bottom-feeding kids who picked on everyone kept saying shit like "nupogodi you're such a faggot" and the teacher (who didn't much care for me) would just tell them to pipe down. I don't know why they kept pushing the gay thing - I'm not gay, I even had a girlfriend - but I suppose I dressed a bit differently than others. I mean like, skinny jeans in 2003. Anyhow, eventually I got annoyed and I said, "You guys talk about gay shit a lot, why don't you just go and suck each other's dicks already?"

The teacher sent me to the office and I got suspended for 3 days. My dad picked me up and he said, "the principal told me you were making sexual comments to other boys". When I told him what actually happened, he laughed and I played video games for 3 days straight.

Later in the year the Model United Nations team got to go to Ohio but the principal wouldn't let me go because I was a liability in his eyes based on that incident. Two teachers wrote letters in my support but they fell on deaf ears. My friends got to go and I didn't. Still a bit annoyed about that! 
Will these ones have fentanyl in them too?
They actually did come in at different times. Musk said it in the presser. They were offset a little because they were worried their radar returns would interfere. 

Now, what's "a little" to you is different than what is "a little" to the boosters ... 
Be a bit weird to tell Tory I'm emailing as a 'member of [his] district' or KWT that I'm in hers, considering Tory isn't in a district but a municipality and KWT's in a ward. Saying "the subway system is near or over capacity for 90 minutes" is disingenuous too, certainly not the whole system, you know exactly which parts we're talking about ... 

Still, I like the 'find all your reps by postal code' logic, seems to be implemented well, if you've done that yourself good job. I wonder if it's static and you just mapped FSALDUs to wards and ridings one time and have to update it manually after the elections. Maybe there's just an easy dataset out there with the mappings in place. I work with geodemographic data but never thought about the challenges mapping FSALDUs to all the different administrative geographies ... 

I love the tool but find the copy a bit lacking, either way, this is super cool! 
> Ok then since you are a male 

lol
It's the second Saturday of every month, Leafs play nearly every Saturday. 
i am assuming u r committing criminality bad posting sir 
> Or at least did -- I haven't been to a meetup in quite a while.

Not a single one goes by without someone say "I miss dobs"

(it's often me)
Gemma is generally our bartender, she handles the entire second floor on Saturdays unless something comes up. Tip her well because she definitely deserves it, but she's used to the rush, she's been handling it for years now. It's not just us, it's like that whenever there's a big group upstairs. You shoulda seen when Bunz had a meetup at the same time as the reddit meetup lol it was crazy upstairs.
I can't tell you what to do, since I went to Toronto immediately after UWaterloo co-op ... I'd be one of those guys you'd be competing against 7 years ago, and I know how the companies I worked with do hiring. You'd be at the bottom of the pile because of your relative lack of experience.

That doesn't mean opportunities here don't exist. There are LOTS of opportunities, and people find good work without having done a 4 year program at all. If you do decide to come here immediately, I don't think you'll regret it, I'm just saying you might have a bit more competition than you expected.

Ultimately it's up to you. I don't think you'd die on the vine here, but building up some (just a year or two!) experience could open a lot of doors for you.

Make sure your LinkedIn profile is up to date and you have added everyone you've ever worked with. Change your profile to say you're from Toronto and see if recruiters bite. 
No I mean have you been employed in the industry. School projects and personal projects don't count.

In Toronto as a new grad you will be competing with new grads from UofT, Guelph, UWaterloo, a lot of whom do significant industry work while at school, especially UWaterloo. 
Do you have any work experience in the industry?
Just don't drink & drive. 
Nah. Don't worry about small claims. I've been sued by a former landlord, and it's really not something you need to prepare for *outside of* keeping records of communications and payments and such, which you should always be doing anyway. 

Your landlord might be annoyed that they didn't know the extent of the damage, but it would be quite a reach to say you were responsible and owe damages.

And it would be insane to sue you while you were still a tenant. 

I wouldn't worry if I were you. Just document your tenancy responsibly as it sounds like you have been, and that's all you will need to file a defense in case the need arises, but it doesn't seem likely to me. 
> Same reason we can't see stars during the day. The sky is too bright from the Sun. 

 There is no sky in space. But you are right that it is because of too much light. Film, digital sensors, etc don't have the dynamic range to capture both very bright objects and very dark objects at the same time. Relative to the sun-illuminated Earth and Tesla, the stars are very dark, so if you set your camera's exposure to capture the bright light, you will not get the dark stars. Similarly if you were to expose for the stars, the sensor would be overwhelmed with light from the Earth and the car.
The Falcon Heavy lift vehicle was tested by SpaceX for the first time. It is the most powerful active launch system now. Because it was a test flight, they needed a 'mass simulator'. Other space agencies would just use literally a mass simulator, something heavy but meaningless, Elon Musk is a cheeky bastard and decided to send up his Tesla Roadster instead. The mannequin inside the car is wearing a SpaceX designed spacesuit. All of the little easter eggs are just SpaceX having fun, the goal was to test the rocket.

Not only was the test flight successful as the payload was delivered into a Mars transfer orbit and beyond, but they successfully landed 2 of the 3 boosters powering the Falcon Heavy (the third had a failure landing onto an autonomous drone ship, which isn't unusual for SpaceX, they have a a 30% failure rate landing on the drone ships thus far)

It's a major achievement for low-cost (relatively speaking) reusable lift vehicles, as the cheaper stuff is to get into space, the more we can send and more often.
> I mean they've shown they can do it, still.

They've shown that they can do it 12 out of 17 times they tried. That's still a 30% chance of failure for landing on the drone ship. That part is still a work in progress for SpaceX and it's not a big surprise nor a big setback if it failed, it's just more data. Considering how ridiculously complex the whole idea is, I'm just impressed they've successfully done it 12 times.
They have 5 failures for 12 successful landings on the drone ships so even if it didn't, no biggie, more data. Clearly a work in progress.
[It's possible](https://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/toronto/queen-street-route-proposed-for-new-toronto-subway/article28460818/) although the current alignment puts it roughly along Eastern to King & Sumach before meeting Queen at University. 

Depth is likely an issue. The deeper, the more expensive. But I'm not completely sure to what extent a Queen West subway's feasibility has been studied in modern times. 
Things are better but they’re not perfect. Notably capacity is still limited by rolling stock. Extremes are less extreme and travel time overall is down. 
A single space heater is 1500W and heats about 150 square feet. A single-GPU machine might take 250-350W from the wall when mining. Mine with a 1080Ti pulls about 320W. It's not quite space heater levels.
Plenty of people run ASIC-resistant mining algorithms, like Ethereum's. Lots of people are mining with home built rigs, at home.
Unemployment is low, wages are continuing to rise, why wouldn't a responsible Fed raise the rate? Inflation has been between 1-2% but that's not low or high, it's pretty good. You guys have been spinning at [crazy-low rates for a while](http://www.macrotrends.net/2015/fed-funds-rate-historical-chart). 

Since it's expected, I don't see why it would cause anything but a temporary dip. 
They were just saying before the game how Toronto is the only team in the league to have not switched a golie mid-game this season.
Ah, it's the biggest point drop ever, because the index is so high these days. 5% of 26000 is 1300 points-ish, but on 2008-10-15 it dropped 7.87% although that was only 7.87% of 9300 or so, 733 points. The worst was 22.61% in a day, 1987-10-19 but that was only 500 points.

In % drop, today isn't even in the top 20. 
Man all 3 of our goals were beauties
Barhop on Tuesdays, is nice for oysters. 
I feel so guilty because everyone in these threads always says "it's long term, don't check it" but I *just can't help myself*. I was refreshing MarketWatch every few hours today. I never trade on the information anyway (long term, remember?) I'm just curious, but damn I feel like I'm committing some sin to you guys. 
YES THAT WAS AWESOME and he so deserves it
Damn Nylander just skates by everyone
Yeah. This wasn't even 5%, and >5% corrections are pretty typical. In fact, what I've been reading today is that going such a long time without such a big drop is what is atypical. 
I don't see any reason for me to switch from the three ETF model portfolio, considering buying ETFs is free on Questrade and rebalancing isn't hard. Weighted MER on the Aggressive ETF portfolio is 0.16%, so cheaper than these new ones. Unless I'm missing something, I shouldn't change anything. Right?
What what? These things happen ... 
Back when I was into Volvos (mid 2000s), everyone called the S60 and S80 'Christmas trees' because that's what their dashboard often looked like (with all the error lights). I had an S40 and a C70 which were fine but my dad had nothing but problems with his S60 and S80. 

Too bad, Volvo's not what it used to be. 
Now you understand, gramps, why I find it amusing that anglos shorten my nick to 'nupo'. It would be like shortening /u/tomandjerry to 'Tomandj' or something. 
I know but blockchain is inherently linked to bitcoin atm and I think that etf is the closest you’re gonna get for now
Literally would have gotten away with it if it weren't for those meddling kids! 
Something like the Blockchain ETF: https://www.coindesk.com/canada-approves-countrys-first-blockchain-etf/


> Can we sponsor cousins here? Because that’s what the dems want. And then your cousin sponsors their cousins. Etc. 

You are accepting Republican lies wholesale. When Trump says 'chain migration allows you to bring your entire extended family!' it's absolutely not true. 

https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/12/29/16504272/chain-migration-family-how-trump-end

The fact is, you can only bring in children and spouses after you yourself get in, which isn't easy. You can't bring in cousins and grandparents and such relatives, you can't even sponsor them like you can in Canada, you can only petition for them and only after you're a full citizen and that takes a very long time.

The idea of allowing spouses and children to come over is the idea of *family reunification* which we both believe in in Canada and the US.

The scenario described by the Republicans re: "chain migration" is only meant to scare racist folks who hate immigrants. It has no basis in reality. 
> YUSSE

 TYSSE

Toronto-York Spadina Subway Extension, because they extended the Spadina subway from Toronto to York Region. 
After playing the entire game on 'Blood and Broken Bones', I had to drop down to Just Story to beat the fight at the end of Blood & Wine. It's not fair when you get locked into a fight where an AoE attack that  happens frequently and is nearly impossible to dodge will one-shot you through Quen ... Also, never found Vampire Oil, so Blood & Wine just sucked with the high difficulty in general.
Yes I like this
Yes, "catfishing" means deceive with a fake online persona, after the 2010 documentary Catfish. The documentary Catfish is about a fake online persona, but the film actually gets its title from a parable told in it. Goes something like this: shipping cod long-distance didn't work because they'd get mushy and lumpy and lazy, so they started shipping them with catfish to keep them on their toes, increasing the quality of the cod's flesh since they didn't waste away. In the film the catfish is a person who keeps you on your toes, nibbling at your fin. The parable goes back even further, with Christian authors in the early 20th century using the same story from a European point of view to illustrate their view that Christianity is the catfish, keeping people alive and awake lest they turn mushy like the cod. Again, about keeping up vigor over time by having a challenge, not about romantic deception. 

 But the film was about online deception. So when we talk about 'catfishing', we specifically mean online, because the term comes from the film. Its usage in the film though was older than the film and had nothing to do with romantic deception, so it wouldn't make sense in that 'catfishing as a verb' context. Clear?
My intent was to be a bit tounge-in-cheek ... I thought I was pretty good at conveying tone through text. Perhaps not. 
It's an interesting point, you bring up some good questions. Being the devil's advocate I would question whether we *need* policing like the other agencies, given Toronto's relative crime rate. The test being: do we have more preventable incidents than your controls, indexed to ridership? 

For example, we used to check 100% of fares, but it's been studied and shown that you only need to check about 4% of fares (with a significant penalty for evasion) to have nearly identical evasion rates. It turns out that in a civilized society, you can pretty much assume most people will follow the honour system as long as there is a good chance of getting caught for non-compliance eventually. 

Extending that thinking further, is it that we are under-policed, or are we simply leading the pack in understanding how policing transit should be done? If we have good results with a lot less effort than the others, we might actually be ahead of the curve here. After all, it is trivial to summon emergency services from anywhere on the transit system - the question becomes is it wholly necessary for them to be ever-present?

That being said, if your numbers are right, your assertion of TTC being 'the most under-policed' may be true. 
A [railroad switch](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Railroad_switch) is a piece of track that moves side to side to allow trains to 'turn' by switching tracks (that's why it's called a switch). It just pushes the train over onto the 'other' track instead of proceeding straight through, when activated. Basically it's how trains turn. Up thread, people are saying it's not necessarily switches but [train stops](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Train_stop) that he messed with, which are arms that 'trip' a train by triggering the emergency brake when a train crosses a red aspect (signal) or is overspeeding - he may have disabled these, perhaps trying to cause an accident. 
[citation needed]
Platform edge doors would not prevent this. There's a big hole at the end of the station if you hadn't noticed. Tunnel needs access even without authorization in case of emergency even in a power-out. All you need to do is open the little gate and walk down. 
UPX with PRESTO by far. So quick and easy.

If I were doing the trip and for some reason couldn't get to Union, my 2nd choice would be TTC to the airport bus. It takes a while and it's nowhere near as comfortable but can't go wrong for the price of a single fare.

Uber if you won't do that. Uber is cheaper than taxis to the airport.

But seriously UPX is great. If you're downtown UPX with PRESTO is the best price/comfort combo.
So, it looks like he went for [this NDB beacon](http://ourairports.com/navaids/ZYZ/Queensway_NDB_CA/#lat=43.61949920654297,lon=-79.54779815673828,zoom=10,type=Satellite), dunno anything about YYZ approaches, anyone know there's any relevance to it? Imagine it's nothing too critical ... 

He picked up some fail to comply recognizance charges so he was already out pending trial for some other shit ... 

Wonder wtf he was doing. 
Other than advertising, it originally started with "Sent from my iPhone" ... and the reason comes from business communication. Before smartphones, it was pretty rare for someone to respond to an email from a mobile device. I mean yes there were ways to do it through WAP, and advanced featurephones had rudimentary email clients, and Palm Pilots existed, but it wasn't really too mainstream. Texting was mainstream though.

When you responded to an email, you had a computer and a keyboard in front of you, even if it was a laptop in an airport lounge. You don't respond to emails like you would a text. So the assumption was that you had time to think and you could get your words down quickly and easily. Sending off a reply to an email with a very curt or short (or grammatically poor) response was seen as rude and dismissive, not hurried/rushed like in SMS. So here you have people replying to business emails without their typical signature, with very short one-line answers typed on a touch screen ... Apple set the default signature to say "Sent from my iPhone" because it made a lot of sense to tell people, HEY this is from my pocket email thingy, SO EXCUSE ME for not being too wordy. That simple default signature made replying from your pocket computer email thingy in a hurry a lot less rude.

Personally, I use an iPhone, but I set my signature to say "Sent from my mobile device" because I think it's tacky in 2018 to advertise like that (it was seriously cool in 2007), but it did have a purpose other than advertising back then.

Think of it like answering a cell phone with "hey, I'm about to jump in the subway, what's up?" - implying that circumstances mean your conversation must necessarily be cut short. Or answering a landline with, "hey I'm just putting on my shoes, what's up?". It's a signal that you are not 100% engaged and a soft request for forgiveness for being curt.
You're having an argument no one is having and you're saying "your narrative" to a person who had not made another comment in the thread. Everyone knows the war was about slavery, but when discussing the war machine or the implementation of such, industrial vs. agrarian is a bigger factor than slavery. 

The grandparent poster specifically said "industrial society fighting against an agricultural society", which wouldn't make a difference if either, neither, or both were staffed by slave labour. He doesn't mean they were fighting FOR industry AGAINST agriculture... He was talking about the implementation of war. 
Friction, like walking on the ground. His horizontal inertia is pushing him into the wall, like gravity does when you're upright, he uses practically all of that inertia to make one stride. He wouldn't be able to make a second.
> TTC finished installing a system that can force speed restrictions when it senses a tag on the ground and can cause the train to emergency brake if it senses you run a red, go too fast, roll backwards or, most commonly, loose tracking position.

I hate to disagree with a TTC employee especially a subway operator about subway operation, but emergency stop levers and remote emergency brake actuation (train stops) have been a fundamental part of the TTC's signaling system since inception, and partial failure of this system is part of what caused the Russell Hill disaster.  Specifically this is "run a red" and "go too fast", I can't speak to the others.
You are describing ATC. 

Control (and signaling) currently knows a train's location to block-level precision. The blocks are quite large.  ATC introduces continuous* tracking and signaling. 

^\* ^Still ^discrete ^in ^reality, ^but ^with ^far ^higher ^precision
The kind of oversight and standards required is completely at odds with the requirement that it be a 'private company'. You simply cannot hand off this kind of work to a contractor whose market position might be perilous, they need to be insulated from the market since (as public transit works everywhere but parts of Asia) they require a heavy tax-funded subsidy to meet their operating budget.

 You are interested in a regional transit agency like TransLink (that operates intracity transit in the Greater Vancouver Area) more than a privatization of transit agencies. 

While I do think we could gain something by merging TTC with YRT, MiWay, etc to have a comprehensive integrated regional network perhaps under Metrolinx, I'm not sure that it's been studied or how it would solve our current crowding crisis. It would add significant negotiating heft with higher levels of government, but it would also add more 'mouths to feed' so to speak. 

Either way, consolidation is not privatization. Efficiencies via consolidation are a proven tactic (see: insurers, car manufacturers) yet problematic in the public sphere (see: Megacity). 
Private companies running public transit, digging up tracks, folding, causing chaos is the prime reason that TTC is by law the only operator of mass intracity transit in Toronto. History forgotten is too soon repeated.

***Retweet this for one free fare!***

***PRESTO powered by Facebook***

***Upvote this if you want SOGR work done on Pocket Track D75B!***
I don't think cocaine is a terrible thing we should be jailing people for, so realistically I only hope that the general public gets the same soft-touch treatment this officer received. 
My guess is someone who actually uses cocaine occasionally. Wallet is the safest place to discreetly keep a baggie of powder. Vials are *way* too obvious. 
> A good morning read with a cup of coffee as usual. Man I only hope I have this level of passion for something in my retirement. Steve you're a treasure.

On another forum I frequent we call him 'Transit Santa'.

https://i.imgur.com/msRNWAx.jpg

He really is the best. 

Some notable excerpts:

1) 
> Current plans are to extend ATC south from the current limit between Wilson Yard and Sheppard West Station to at least Dupont by the fall of 2018. T**he section from Yorkdale to Dupont is already completed and was active during testing before the extension opened, but it has been turned off again to avoid switching back and forth through the complex junction at Wilson Yard** which is still a work in progress. Beyond Dupont, the current schedule is to complete **“around the U” to Bloor as the next step in 2019**, although this cutover might be broken into segments to allow the University side to convert sooner. **The full conversion north to Finch will be complete in late 2019, and based on current experience, the TTC believes that this target will be met.**

>The Yonge line is scheduled for a 141 second headway (2’21”) in the AM peak, or 25.5 trains/hour. At a service design capacity (see the crowding standards above) of 1,100 per train, this is equivalent to about **28,000 passengers per hour.** **Once ATC is in place, the TTC plans to build up service to 30 trains/hour (2’00” headway, 33,000 passengers), and later in stages to 33 trains/hour (1’49” headway, 36,300 passengers).** This jump will not be done all at once to ensure that other factors do not make actual operation at those headways difficult or impossible.

2)

> Until ATC is in place over the entire line, shorter headways cannot be operated, and especially not through the already crowded Bloor Station. However, **an option available to the TTC and mentioned in the subway crowding report is the reinstatement of “gap trains” that could pull out onto the line when there is a delay**. For the Yonge-University line, these trains used to sit at Davisville in the AM peak to fill gaps coming south from Finch, and at the centre track between Union and St. Andrew to fill gaps in either direction northbound from the core. **These trains were cut from the schedule as a cost saving measure.** The bean counters (including politicians) see only empty trains that do not always run, but sit awaiting their call, while those concerned with service see gap trains as a necessary measure to minimize the effect of gaps that will occur more often than not. **A near empty train pulling into Bloor Station can swallow a packed platform’s worth of passengers and avoid severe problems for following trains, not to mention for the overcrowded platform.**

3)

> It is ironic that original plans for ATC would have seen YUS completed by 2016/17 and a ramp up of work on BD from 2016 through the early 2020s. **However, work on BD was deferred because it was felt that the through service on a Scarborough-Eglinton crosstown route would divert traffic away from the Danforth subway.**

4)

> **The Yonge-University subway routinely delivers 90% or less of the scheduled capacity,** and therefore conditions that appear as borderline in the tables above are actually critical.

5)

> A proposal to expand Bloor-Yonge capacity arises from time to time, and the pricetag on it sits at about $1 billion, a value that is almost certainly out of date. 
> iirc it also would have forced China to abide by US copyright law when it comes to manufacture of goods and that would help us a lot. 

China's not part of the TPP ... 
Dude they're at record low unemployment and the economy has seen incredible growth over the past few years thanks to Obama-era policies, so naturally they're .... turning isolationist and deficit spending. O_o 

Thanks, Trump, I guess? For weakening America during a period of unparalleled strength. 
Well, moved Vietnam to Iraq, got involved in a new Cold War, JNCO is selling jeans again, Pokémon is cool, and new technology is changing the way we look at simple daily tasks.

Though Liz 2 is still Queen. 
Why in the hell would Council vote against it? Am I missing something here?
> Pretty awesome. Even in summer you dont walk? 

Hahah, in the winter it's cold, it's the summer it's sweaty ...  I do use Bike Share sometimes. I guess I just don't want to walk uphill for 20min to start the day, I 'unno, I'm *really* lazy. I'm not fat or anything I just get really impatient walking knowing there is a perfectly good train underground.

> Morning trains are so crammed. 

Nah, not northbound. Only on the train for like 2-3 minutes so it doesn't matter, but they're rarely crammed.
Ahyup. 

I did specifically look for jobs in the downtown core and I did move here because it's so central but I was expecting to commute to Liberty Village, where I had been working for over 2 years. I got lucky that my next gig ended up being directly above Bloor Station. 

My gf is lucky too, she lives here too and it's only one block walking distance from her office, her door to door is probably 5 minutes and mostly bounded by elevator time.

I dare say we probably have some of the best commutes in the city, aside from people who WFH 100% of the time.
Search eBay, filter by Sold Listings.
10 minutes, Dundas to Bloor.

Yes I am too lazy to walk. 
Left but that whole 'rule' is such an anachronism 
> (naturally) one earring

TIL I'm Gay Bob
woosh
We don't really hold our anthem sacred here in Canada, it's pretty new. Plus, it's the original intent of the poem, 'thou dost in us command'. Even the most Conservative people I know barely care about this. 

Outside of elementary school and hockey games, O Canada isn't really used anywhere near as much as Star Spangled Banner in the US.
> Edit: it took WAY too long to figure out how many stars I needed to type to not just get bold text..

Hahahahaha. Escape them with \\.

Like `*this will be italics*`

`\*this will be surrounded by asterisks\*` 
Ontario is a no-fun zone and Canada's response to drunkenness has always been a puritanical over-reaction in the direction of dryness. 

There is no good reason, but it's always a mix of "saving people from themselves" and "think of the children" used to justify it. 

Cut-off times for liquor sales do somewhat curb some problems related to drunkenness, but it is throwing the baby out with the bathwater, the only approach our legislators seem keen to adopt.

Plenty of people do argue against such policies, but always unsuccessfully. 
Sounds like insurance or finance or government contractor. My father was doing some web stuff for a bank and needed a JavaScript library but the firewall wouldn't allow zip files through email, wouldn't allow him to download the library from Github, etc, and waiting for management approval could take weeks. So I base64 encoded it and emailed it to him. 

Meanwhile I work in big data / analytics and have full admin access  and unfiltered Internet :D 

I once had a 4 month contract at an insurance company and they were IBM folk and I needed RAD to do my job and it took them 1.5 months to install it for me ... the basic tool I needed to do my job ... 
1) Yes

2) If I recall correctly, there's a Single Ride Vending machine mid-way through the car that accepts cash fares and tokens and gives you a POP receipt. It is separate from the PRESTO readers. I have never used it though! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-LaBSdnOE94


LOL. Oh, child. 
It's different for each person. 
Er, no, Union Station is not done. 

https://www1.toronto.ca/wps/portal/contentonly?vgnextoid=b9b4f90e29f8a510VgnVCM10000071d60f89RCRD
Oh it would be absolutely trivial to differentiate. 100%. The user data and cached data are stored completely separately from the package downloaded from the App Store. And, of course, the package manager knows exactly what is in the installed package.

Apple just doesn't display that info in the Settings screen. But yes like you said, the size listed on the App Store will be the size of the package on your device.
> The iPhone throttling is NOT because of battery like they said. Sure the battery benefits but that isn't not at all the reason haha.  The reason is mental conditioning their users to get a new phone. 

You speak with a lot of conviction for someone who has no idea what they are talking about. 
> It's doubtful a 1.85% increase in daily ridership would cost the TTC much at all. Unless the TTC trains are at the breaking point and are filled to capacity every single day, in all likelihood it's not really going to cost the TTC any more money to accommodate 50,000 more people a day.

I did mention the assumption that the response is linear. Some of the TTC is over-capacity, other parts are underutilized, you shouldn't expect a linear response in operating cost with ridership, but you shouldn't expect no response either. Assuming a linear relationship is a good worst-case estimate though.

> Plus all those new riders are going to be paying for a fare every day.

I did take that into consideration with the farebox recovery ratio. 
you're like 4 feet tall anyway your skis are not 'large'
>  do you get alerts when new questions get posted or what? 😛

yes actually 

> I don't think I've ever seen anything that big on the train... nothing bigger than a guitar or stroller.

i've seen a cello. and a large 'mini' fridge, in box. lots of floor lamps.
TTC says not to bring bicycles or large items during peak hours. 

> During weekday peak periods, 6:30 am to 10 a.m.; and 3:30 p.m. to 7 p.m., bicycles and other large objects are not allowed on TTC vehicles. See the TTC By-law, Section 3.11, for full details

You will be fine any other time. You can probably get away with it during peak too. I have seen far larger items than skis on the train.
If utilities are included, your landlord cannot increase it outside of increasing rent within the guideline or an above-guideline increase (AGI) granted by the Board.

If utilities are not included, you should be paying the utility and not your landlord.

I am not a lawyer, and I'd give the LTB a call, but that is how I understand it. [The Star](https://www.thestar.com/life/homes/2011/02/03/is_it_better_to_rent_with_utilities_included.html) also notes that included utilities are bound by rent control.

It sounds like the landlord wants it both ways, and he can't have that.
Games companies do not abuse the poor to give their shareholders value though. They hire professionals in a competitive environment. Income inequality is a serious issue in the US, but I just don't think video game studios are contributing to it in any meaningful way, and I don't think their standard market activity is indicative of 'trickle down economics' like the parent posters.
He wasn't always rich.
> Roads, infrastructure, existing labor pools, planning, housing are all going to be thrown way out of wack for at least a decade or more until they can stabilize to accommodate this massive new player in your local market. 

I think you are underestimating the size of some of these cities. 50,000 people is nothing.
Your numbers are a bit silly. Using Toronto as an example, the transit system has a daily ridership of 2.7 million. If all 50000 Amazon employees took transit to work, that is a 1.85% increase in ridership. With a farebox recovery ratio of 64.8%, 35.2% must come from taxes. For 2017 that was $689.5M (out of a nearly ~2BN budget). That means Amazon accounts for $12.75M in additional tax burden for the transit system (if and only if you assume operating costs rise linearly with ridership which is not the case). Considering 50,000 employees with a salary of around 60k is $3bn in taxable income, it's a drop in the bucket. 

I'll have to stop the calculations here because the TTC operating subsidy is paid from property taxes and not income taxes and I don't have the data for the impact of 50,000 middle-class employees on property taxes.

But either way, in a large city with existing infrastructure, absorbing an employer the size of Amazon is no problem. They're big, sure, but we're talking single-digit percentages, not 50% like your example, and it is hard to argue that Amazon will not bring single-digit percentages in additional revenue.

That being said I disagree with the incentives themselves and I'm glad Toronto isn't offering any!
wat
The other episodes are very good. HSBC, Valiant, and Trump stood out to me.
I wouldn't mind, if there was a shuttle from Toronto to Hamilton, and a similar one between Vancouver and Abbotsford. Doing that on the Greyhound wouldn't be very much fun, especially because Greyhound terminals probably won't be near the airports...
... so those 54% of Americans that own stocks are very rich? I don't understand what you're talking about. 

Am I supposed to be surprised that 'top 20% own 92% of stock'? That would be like being surprised that 'the top 20% earn 80% of the money' ... it's practically a tautology. Are you surprised that wealthy people also own more property? Because they do. Would you say that *a growing housing market is heavily skewed to benefit the very rich* and say that *housing markets are trickle-down economics*? 

You are showing complete financial illiteracy here. A working market is not 'trickle down economics'. 
> Paying your investors and not actually the people who make your product possible

I am pretty sure that games studios do not make games with slave labour, so I don't know what you're talking about. The industry loves crunch time, so that sucks, but do you think salaries for game developers are too low? They're lower than maybe a bank or a Google, but games development is still a highly paid professional job.
So? Being beholden to your investors is not a bad thing, the capital is what allowed the company to grow in the first place.
There is no way you beat Mario Run in 2 hours. You realize getting to the end of the stage is not winning right? 
http://news.gallup.com/poll/211052/stock-ownership-down-among-older-higher-income.aspx

Yeah, it includes 401ks, IRAs, funds and individual stock ownership. I wouldn't expect more than low single-digit percentage of adults to have a self-directed brokerage account.
> Edit: Goddamn, lot of trickle down economic fans here

Um, stock buybacks and *paying your investors* is not 'trickle down economics'... 54% of Americans own stock. That is hardly serving the 1%. 

Please stick to what you know!
Not really, 90 is not even a full standard deviation below the average. A full ~25% of the population are expected to have an IQ < 90. I think 70 is the cutoff for borderline IIRC, 2 standard deviations below the average, only 2.3% of the population is expected to be < 70 which makes a lot more sense.
And Volkswagen was Hitler's pet project for a People's Car, he wanted for Germany what America had in Ford.

Bistro 422

How was it ... ? It's a dive bar. There's a certain group of people I know who go there for meetups ironically ? or not ironically ? I'm not sure if they actually love it by this point or if it's still just a joke. I like their mini-pitchers of mixed drinks.
Non-stupid Google link: http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/toronto/bruce-mcarthur-van-neck-twisting-1.4513650
>  They think you guys are dying off in droves waiting for treatment. 

It DOES happen rarely, but it's basically malpractice.

https://globalnews.ca/news/3347375/new-westminster-woman-dies-in-fraser-health-emergency-room-while-waiting-for-treatment/

The private insurance proponents here generally want to be able to skip the line, that's the only time I ever hear people complaining about waiting times, is when they want their non-life-threatening case to be expedited through advanced imaging, specialists etc. 
The Fords are known liars though.
The part on Amazon is $63 USD
https://www.amazon.com/Generic-Screen-Display-Digitizer-Compatible/dp/B0132C3EBY?tag=ifixitam-20

I would say 110 CAD installed is fair.

iFixIt has a guide: https://www.ifixit.com/Guide/LG+G+Stylo+Glass+Screen+Replacement/56876

Personally I have worked on small electronics myself, including a full teardown and rebuild of a pre-unibody Macbook Pro ... so many tiny screws, parts, ribbon cables, snap connectors ... and I don't think I would attempt this repair. You have a far lower chance of things going wrong when you let someone who has done it hundreds of times do it!

As for giving your password? Who cares - wipe your phone first, restore when you get it back.


edit: I may have missed that this is the 'Stylo 3'? eBay screens are still around 60 USD: https://www.ebay.com/p/LG-Stylo-3-Ls777-LCD-Screen-Touch-Screen-Digitizer-Assembly-M400dk-USA/1462848954