Completely incorrect. I am a Masters student writing my thesis on a Chromebook using Google Docs. Works perfectly fine and my professors never mention how my paper is inferior too those using Office.
I just want a nice polycarbonate on the back of my next Pixel so we can have wireless charging. That's it.
I'm the same way. I came from a Surface and miss having the ability to use my CP+ has a legit tablet.
And the 35 execs, don't forget about them
Button is far superior. Menus live over there.
No it really doesn't. Why do people want this horrible UX? What's wrong with a button?
Heard this about a week ago, turn right at five guys. Instead, I took a detour and went to five guys
Ugh please GTFO of here with gestures. I hate them.
I am confused by this thread. Literally just tried on Google home to play tool from my library and it worked first time.
I'd be more open to buying a Galaxy of it had flat edges.
Yeah not smooth at all. Their fix appears to just break it elsewhere.
Things OS by Google
Auto OS by Google
I like allo but I see this being so much more useful once the web client comes out. I have only been able to convince two people to use allo, everyone else preferring to text. Very much looking forward to this functionality.
That's not how devices work though... Sure you can get 3 of the same phone for less than what you would pay for one Pixel, but putting those three phones together does not give you a Pixel.
Is taptic feedback really an iOS feature though or just really good engineering for the iPhone in particular?
So much this. I loved the hardware of my surface pro 4 but couldn't stand Windows. Would have been a completely different story if I was running chrome OS
I would much rather Google build in a standard theming option into Android.
Because what you are saying is factually wrong. Stating incorrect facts does not improve your stance on the issue, just makes you look like you don't know what you are talking about.

I completely understand why you don't use them. If you have a problem with the data collection they do, then don't use them. Simple enough. As to how I am not addressing them, I am not because I am not in a position that can, only Google management can. That's not what I have a problem with, I have a problem with people going around spreading FUD like Google is this evil company selling your data online like some black market behind closed doors BS. 

This isn't me defending Google either this is me defending facts. I get tired of seeing people spread around false, inaccurate facts. If this were about Microsoft I would be saying the same thing.
I just think it all looks bad. The font, the theme, the nav buttons, all of it.

My opinion though, know plenty of others that like it. Not for me though.
Oh cmon now, you're going to use hyperbole because the facts don't line up with your opinion?

These are the facts. Google does not sell your data. They sell ad space for other companies and target based on your data and what you are interested in. But the third party NEVER sees any information about you. These third party companies know as much about you using a Google service as they do about you using an iPhone, which is practically nothing.
oh thats good, that is what i want it to do. Just never have used it, thanks
The files apps was probably just a MVP to get people to shut up about a lack of file system of some kind on iOS.
Huawei and xiaomi do pretty well in Asia.
Unfortunately.
Google does not and will not sell anybody's data. That is their greatest asset
I want free stuff but I don't want to pay for it! I want better services but I don't want to contribute in making them better!

/s
They don't sell your data...
Because it essentially is
I still think TouchWiz looks bad ðŸ¤·â€â™‚ï¸
Does this add your ideas to keep or does Google just remember them
Never said they were the same. It just irks me when I see people spouting FUD.
> The end result is the same because the use for the data is the same: showing targeted ads and getting you to buy product. Who holds the data really isn't relevant when the intent is the same.

Yeah this really makes no sense whatsoever. Of course who holds your data is relevant. I don't use Facebook because I don't want them having my data. I do use Google though, because they provide me with tons of awesome services that are genuinely useful.

>Love to see any examples here, then. Otherwise, you're just pulling this out of your ass. iAds are dead, and Search Ads only function based on keywording.

Apple is making moves into the AI and home automation markets. If they aren't collecting data now, they soon will. It is an inevitable fact in these markets. You need data to get ahead. That is why Siri is in such a bad place right now, and it keeps getting left behind. If Apple wants to be even remotely successful in the next tech revolution, they need data.
Do you not read? Google does not give/sell any of your data. Companies buy ad space on Google Ad spots across the internet. Very different.

They are making moves into AI and home automation. You know what this needs? Data and lots of it to get it right. I can tell that they haven't been doing much lately though because their services are abysmal. 
How is the end result the same exactly? One talks about selling your information to the highest bidder like a black market scheme while the other collects information about you.

Sure, you see ads but the approaches are very different and I ALWAYS see people on this sub getting it wrong. Your data IS Google's most important product, why would they just give it to someone else? Google is the only entity that sees your data. Literally nobody else does.

And it always makes me laugh when people think that other companies, like Apple, aren't doing this.
Microsoft restarted Windows Phone OS at least three times over the years, causing phones and apps to suddenly become unsupported on new versions. 

Google ain't got nothing on Microsoft.
Well time to find another email client for work. No way in hell do I want Cortana on my phone
No problem, glad it solved your issue!
Couldn't you open your site in Chrome, go to Dev tools and simulate a phone?
You mean Tony Stank
For me, the best thing out of MWC is the resurgence of Nokia. Worst is easily the notch designs. Still don't find those designs appealing in any capacity.
I want bumper bezels
Tbf, iOS didn't really have anything useful in the top bar of the phone to begin with.
This is basically me too. Totally fine with Samsung hardware, they make some of the best phones around in terms of hardware. But man is the software experience piss poor IMO.
Samsung experience, TouchWiz, SSDD IMO.

So two of every app is a good experience in your opinion? Ok then.

Stability, not performance. Over time, Pixels tend to do much better while Galaxy's get worn down, needing a factory reset to get back up to speed.

No problem on my Pixel. 

Basically everyone says it, not just DxOMark.
I'm not saying less features are better either, AOSP would be horrid to use today. But do I really need ARemojis, not really. 

I personally still find Samsung's UI and software to be pretty poor. But hey if you enjoy it (many people do) more power to you.
Since when do more features = a better experience?
Not too much feature wise that you couldn't get from a custom launcher or whatnot but lots of optimizations.
No TouchWiz, less bloatware, improved stability, faster updates, better camera.

Never said they weren't relevant, just not on par.
AOSP? Sure. Google's version of Android on a Pixel? No way in hell.
Ugly disgusting trend
Ugly as sin. I prefer some sort of bezel. I don't get this craze for phones with no bezels. How do you expect to hold the damn thing?
Nobody is going to acknowledge that the image says "Messenger" and not "Messages"?
Yeah seriously. I have no issues with what Google does regarding announcements but maybe the video game industry has already conditioned me to expect this.
I stopped using Snapchat back on my Nexus 4 when it would cause my phone to reboot suddenly for no reason. 

I have been fine ever since
Airpods are pretty cool but not for me. More of an over the ear style headphones listener. That being said, nobody has come remotely close to matching the ease of use.
Fast updates, Android as Google intended.  I always buy Google phones.
But in order to live life, wouldn't you have to be away from a wall charger, thus keeping you most likely below 95%?
Interesting, I might do this to mine
As an Android user who has used wireless charging for many years...I couldn't agree more.
Try using a Tylt Vu, they are great and have 3 charging pads built in one so it doesn't matter how you place your phone on the unit.
What Chromebook do you have now?
This does not work reliably for me at all
Sold some of my litecoin for the amount of my original investment today and am now just holding on earnings. Makes me feel better when/if the price comes back tumbling down lol
Yes we do, just hodl
I have a Chromebook so I can use the Robinhood Android app on my laptop
I am not totally sure. It also still relies on Windows being that you need a Windows computer to really play anything on it. This sounds more like what Nvidia has for their Gamestream service.
Containers would be nice.

Also not really a chromeOS feature but Thunderbolt 3 would be nice too.
This is probably you're best bet op.
I would get one. Anything to dump windows would be a godsend for me
PC gaming is the very last thing that is making me hold onto my Windows machine. I would have switched to Chrome OS 100% otherwise.
Either the Nexus 4 or HTC M7.
And LG is?
I don't have to do that on any of my Google homes. Just link your music subscription service and say "hey Google play music from *insert service here*" and it just works
I use the Microsoft designer mouse and it works for me
Don't count Microsoft out yet. They are often just as bad as Google!
Yeah after the many problems I have had, I cannot recommend Surface devices to anyone wanting to actually get work done without worrying about their device.  Pretty sad because the build is superb and they are great devices, but they are way too unreliable.
Yup, have the same Chromebook and this is the only way I know this. 

Luckily on Chrome OS we can make the window smaller so its not a "total" waste of space. Android tablet users though I just feel bad for. :/
This is how it looks on Chrome OS too

Edit: damn autocorrect
I believe material is far superior but wouldn't mind seeing some elements of fluent in material.
Samsung would have to remove the edge display as well for me to jump on board. I hate those things.
I really, REALLY don't like gestures. Give me a simple tap any day over a swipe.
Today my phone decided to start playing my ringtone randomly. Except two problems, 1. My phone was on vibrate and 2. Nobody was calling me.
Would seriously love to have Android apps on one of these
This is everyone at my workplace every Monday
Windows for gaming. That's it
I prefer oranges to apples but I like lemons better than oranges.
So this is basically Google's Earth Live cases but for your homescreen
Is this limited to the regular freedom card or does the freedom unlimited get in on this as well?
Damn I didn't know they actually SENT you real figurines. I removed the promo from my Android pay because it was bothering me. :/
Ugly, ugly, butt ugly! Why anyone thinks the notch looks good is beyond me.
I use GPM because of YouTube Red and I can upload my own library to it (helpful for artists that don't stream e.g. Tool)
Oh yuck, then yes I can see the decision being much harder.  Sorry about that.  For what it is worth, you also have to consider that having Google backing the phone vs OnePlus is hugely beneficial. Whether it's $300-400 better though is entirely up to you.
Oh that is a huge difference. I would still consider a Pixel 2 a better device simply because of Google backing it versus OP. But price certainly is a much bigger factor then
Got it on stock launcher Pixel 8.1
Isn't a Pixel 2 just $150 more than the 5T? I'd gladly pay that to not deal with OP's bullshit.
Actually I think 50/50 is being generous.  In my experience it's more like 25% of stores have it.
Apple knows they can do that though
I want a navigation bar, I hate gestures.
I have never seen it before and I have it on. This would be incredibly helpful for me as traffic in my area is pretty 50/50, either really smooth sailing or bumper to bumper traffic for miles.
Cool change, now let me switch the feed for upcoming and I will be all set
Asking the real questions here
This is awesome! Would totally want one of my own
But they still are, just in a different way! /s
Pixel 3
I like everything but the achievements. The achievements just do not match the rest of the UI, they stick out like sore thumbs
Silly feature to have for only the people of one country that have less people living in it than NYC. /s
Oh yeah I would not buy an Android tablet, Chromebook Plus is an easy choice between any existing Android tablets
Not OP but made same decision between Plus and Pro. Went with Plus because I didn't really need much power on the go and had a custom built desktop at home that I would utilize for more powerful tasks.  I really only needed a good convertible for taking notes and using Android apps, and the Plus fit that bill perfectly for me.
Whatever size the iPhone X is. That is a very nice middle of the road size that I can totally get behind.
That's the one thing I noticed right away, like damn
Pixel 2 easily.
HTC U12
Let's go bowling!
Pixel XL. Nuff said
My pixel 1 XL has a colored G
I go with GPM specifically so that I also get access to YouTube red
Sending Litecoin from Coinbase Android app to loafwallet froze the Coinbase app for me. Had to kill it and use my computer. Maybe that's what they meant?
This would be really helpful right now lol (on train)
I hate Facebook as much as the next guy, but shouldn't they be able to make money on their products?
Ok cool, thanks for the info!
I believe so. I know that loafwallet measures in lites so I made sure to account for that as well.
Makes sense, I am more just wondering why there is a difference in the first place though
Got my update today, Pixel XL on Fi
Sorry not sorry!
I am glad that you enjoy your phone.
No, I have no problem buying a Moto G series device or something similar. But these Chinese manufacturers are a no go for me. Good that they are doing well on their home turf, but I wouldn't touch them, which is my opinion which I have a right to.
That's good for them, would never catch me with any of their phones though.
How embarrassing
Google is building a network. OP suggested buying one. If they purchased one they would be a lot more widespread a lot more quickly
My current GPU is a HD 7950 that I am definitely upgrading (no longer working), probably to a 1060.
Thinking of upgrading a i5-4670k to either a i7-7700k or Ryzen 1700x. This would require purchasing a new motherboard and DDR4 RAM as my current Mobo uses DDR3 memory.

This computer is mainly used for gaming at 1080p at 60Hz but I have been thinking of upgrading to 144Hz lately. Do you think it is worth the upgrade or should I try and stick with the i5 for a few more years?
Google needs to not certify phones shipping on older Android releases.
I have a Chromebook Plus and while the keys are a bit smaller than most other laptop, you quickly get used to them. I wouldn't say they are bad keys, just different. I came from a Surface Pro 4 and a MacBook Pro (and have a mechanical cherry mx red switches for my desktop keyboard) and find the typing experience on the Samsung Chromebook Plus to be adequate.
If you plan to write I would get a Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro instead. They have a stylus and have an active digitizer for writing. The other Chromebook would be the Pixelbook but that might be a bit much for what you want to do.
I have tried quantum but Chrome is just better for me personally.
I am currently going to University for my Masters and I have been using a Samsung Chromebook Plus. Great device, I would recommend either the Pro or Plus.
ugh that is lame... Might just have to bite the bullet then. Have been dealing with this problem for over a week now. Oh well thanks for the info!
That is so incredibly lame... Makes you not want to ever update your password... Have you changed your password since then and run into the issue again?
Have you ever figured this out? I am currently having the same issue
No, I don't like gestures and far prefer a button
Sync pro, best fits my Redding browsing flow
There's always tizen /s
iOS? Consistent?
Software is far more important for me than hardware. That is the sole reason why I would never touch a Galaxy, and probably never will.
Why would you even bother with a OnePlus? Time and Time again these issues keep popping up...
/r/Android every time a OnePlus story like this happens. Then OnePlus says sorry and everyone forgives them. How many times until everyone says enough is enough? I was done with them since the whole OnePlus One ad campaign nonsense
I have one, it's a fantastic device. I actually use it more than my regular Google home.
Macs natively don't support snapping. You have to get an app for it
Macs don't
5.2" 16:9
Needs to be rounded but looks good to me
I have a Chromebook plus as well and I am contemplating the switch. I want to see one in person first though
I personally think Outlook is an eyesore.
> Android, no matter what skin you're using, still suffers from the same lag. My first gen pixel lagged as much as any other Android phone I used from the same time period (S7, HTC 10, etc).

Sounds like a rogue app to me. The Pixel phones are by far a smoother experience than any other Android phone. The vast majority of the Android and tech community agree. 

> Android, no matter what skin you're using, still suffers from the same lag.

Also false. Android and iOS perform about the same. Don't care about specs or benchmarks, for average usage they both perform tasks about the same. If anything, I would go out and say that Android offers the better experience currently because all I ever hear about is how awful and buggy iOS 11 has been.
Yeah its really neat. Google Assistant even personalizes the results based on who is asking. 
My phone always goes into my pocket bottom first. 
Galaxies may be faster but Pixels are far smoother. Also the price tag of the Pixel is justifiable when compared to all other Androids. You get a top notch camera, solid specs, a good experience and direct updates from Google.

Specs don't matter when the experience is garbage.
IMO Galaxies offer garbage experiences comparatively to Pixels.
What is the best phone **FOR ME.** 

Don't care how the S8, Note 8 have more features, they offer a piss poor software experience (yes I have used them, they are awful in my opinion.)
How is liking stock Android and the Google experience being a fanboy? I don't like the custom ui that third party manufacturers put on top of Android. If I had to pick a new phone today and the pixels didn't exist I would jump to the iPhone, not kidding.
How I make my decision when buying a new phone...

"What is the newest Google phone, I want that"
Don't care much for the bezels a phone has (have Pixel XL so I know bezels). 

Don't really care about the headphone jack.
Install specific apps. Inbox, Evernote, Todoist, Sync for Reddit... Then change some settings around.
I have not since Oreo really hasn't been as annoying as it would be to set up all my crap again.
Google Play Music for me. I like how I get YouTube red included and being able to upload my own music to the service. I listen to some artists that aren't available on streaming platforms (Tool) and appreciate that I can upload their music to my library.
Speed is good but Oreo does not perform as well as nougat did on my Pixel XL. I'm hoping an update will remedy this
It's the headphone jack. Gotta pay to play...with wired headphones.
Oh wow really glad I didn't wait any longer for the Eve! o.O
Tight Google integration.
I wouldn't want any larger than the Pixel XL.  Had the Nexus 6 for a year and a half and that was way too big.
I wish I could delete it!
Completely unrelated, how well does squid work in the Chromebook Pro?
Hello Microsoft Product Management team.
I saw this on my box the other day to. Not happy about it.
Really like that copper actually
At first I really liked what I saw from fluent but with new apps coming out with "fluent" design I just can't stand the transparency and prefer something more like material design.
Don't really care for the headphone jack, can't remember the last time I used one on any of my phones. 

That said I don't plan to upgrade until the Pixel 3
> ~~Opinion~~ **FACT**: Motorola has lost sight of what the Moto X originally stood for

FTFY 9to5Google
Sorry but Google doesn't share anybody's data, it sells ad space. Much different.
Really the last big pain point preventing me from switching is no ability to change default apps. 
> If retaining formatting is absolutely necessary, then you should convert to PDF. 

This so much, I don't know why this is not recommended all the time. I always do this with my classes. Professors are usually, 99% of the time, ok with accepting PDF files. Keeps formatting and generally accepted everywhere. PDF is always a safe bet.
Your wallpaper is awesome, what is it?

I love the look of the new launcher but indeed it is a bit of wasted space. Hopefully they can spread it out a bit for higher rez monitors.
Most people that know about XDA will not be confused between Google Feed and XDA Feed. 

I doubt the general population knows about XDA Feed or even XDA themselves.
I can think of one. If they are a programmer they may need access to the root folder and terminal to do basic coding work. 
But I am not them.
"Why buy flagship ABC from XYZ when you can buy a OnePlus 5 with better specs!?!?"

Because of this right here.
Why not just use Google Drive at that point? AFAIK all Google Photos can be accessed from Google Drive. They are even categorized in folders based on the date of the picture taken/uploaded. 

Have you tried creating that workouts folder in the Google Photos folder in Google Drive and seeing if that works?
I've been contemplating switching to them from LastPass. How are their browser extensions?
I prefer the big notification lights on the older Nexus phones. Wish they still had them like that.
Where do I hold my phone?
It really irks me that they don't plan on making the Pixel 2 a smaller Pixel XL 2. That was the entire point of the Pixel from the beginning, both phones offer the same experience and look the same. Feels like we are going back to Nexus style phones.
This staircase looks very familiar. Kent?
Core i3 for a Chromebox. Core M3 for a Chromebook.
Yup this kills it for me. I need sync
It's just a pleasure to use really. It makes you want to use it. 
This is the one reason why I cannot leave the MS Office ecosystem. OneNote is just fantastic, nothing from Google's suite to counter it either. I use my Surface a lot too so I really like the ability to hand write notes using OneNote. If Google ever came out with a competitor it would need hand writing for me to justify switching to it.
They might not know what imessage is but they know the difference between a green bubble and a blue bubble.
I had to replace my SP4 multiple times until I found a unit acceptable, my current one still has light bleed but not nearly as bad as my prior units.

Keep returning them until you get something acceptable. Hold Microsoft responsible for their manufacturing screwups. 
Edge is god awful for me. I avoid it like the plague.
Yes to the edge display. Absolutely horrific to use. Always hated them
Idk how you can use the Nexus 6. I had one and the processor got bogged down and the camera blew. Switched to the Pixel XL the moment they announced it.
Not manufactured by lg.
That is a good price point. I was thinking $500
I use Chrome because I am heavily invested in Google's ecosystem and it's the only browser I can tolerate.
Improvements look nice but the I/O should have definitely changed.
This is just me maybe but I would not use 4 GB RAM for CS. Needs to be at least 8 GB.
I got my first one in November and it had a camera clicking issue when you were to focus on something far away.

After swapping I have not had any other issues.
You got the Pro for 369 or the Plus?
I have looked into Squid and the only thing that I cannot determine is if they allow syncing between devices. That is huge for me and why OneNote is such an awesome tool as a student.
This would be for taking notes in class. I like Keep for short notes but I wouldn't use it for taking notes in class.
As someone who wants to get a Chromebook Plus/Pro are there any other note taking apps as powerful as OneNote that you all are using? Really want something cross platform.
Yeah, what use is an Assistant if it isn't personal? Might as well talk to Siri in her current state for the rest of your days.
I'm one with the blob, the blob is with me
In Siri?
Yeah I'll give you that. 
> I had an **LG** G3 

I found your problem. Even us Android peeps don't use them because of their awful QC lately.
Honestly, as an Android user for years, THIS is the one thing that makes me never consider iOS. If I could change the default search engine and apps I would happily consider an iPhone. 
> The fact that you said google doesn't 'sell' your data shows you're trying too hard to defend them.

Google doesn't 'sell' data, they sell advertising space.
So it's an assistant that isn't personal...?
I like flat with borders
Excel online definitely lacks quite a bit from the real deal. If someone wants to go the MS route I would definitely recommend Office 2016 instead of the online apps.
Hey Siri order me a new MacBook Pro!
I got mine last night. Pretty excited to be at the front of a rollout for once.
Live in CT. See as many galaxies as I do iPhones. Not many pixels though, which I have.
Hopefully this is addressed in Fluent design. In the video they outted it actually featured a new Windows Explorer and it was way different. It looks better but I am not sure how functional it would be.
This is why I can never use iOS. I don't like Apple's apps, and not being able to do basic functions without them sucks. The day that Apple allows changing the default apps and opens up to third party apps is the day I can consider iOS viable for me.
Every time, without fail, I will download the update and then it will go back and say it is already up to date. 15 TIMES!
literally happened to me 10 times

I find the hardware of the iPhone superb, it's the software they need to change.
I have stopped watching or reading any material from Android Authority. 
Yeah that guy's a dick. Poor Jimmy.
Literally just found one the other way around. Clocked in at 1 minute and 37 seconds. It happens both ways.

EDIT: I guess it's not an entire thread to your comment but don't act like it doesn't happen.
I see it all the time from both sides
Jelly Bean was the most memorable for me. Project butter!
It does upload them at a compressed quality though if you want the unlimited storage.
I have an m3 SP4 and find it fairly powerful. If all you are going to use it for is web browsing then you could be fine with the m3.
It's probably the main reason why I switched from Spotify to Google Play Music. 
If they were made.
As they keep stripping SMS away form hangouts when are we going to be migrated to the Google Voice app?
Lucky you, Creators Update killed my HyperX Cloud 2.
It completely depends on use case but I can tell you how many times I needed tilt writing: 0
This a million times over.
You don't need to tilt for this though, just use a thicker highlight. For writing, tilt sensitivity is completely unnecessary.
Writing notes is very different than being an artist and drawing. For writing the SP4 is, without a doubt, a better experience. The fact that you have access to the desktop OneNote program is enough of an argument.  

But I can see why the iPad Pro would be better for an artist. Being a Computer Engineer though, I could care less about tilt sensitivity and pressure levels. Response time to me felt the same on both the Surface and iPad Pro.
I own a Surface Pro 4. When you are writing you want the experience to be as similar as possible to actually writing on a piece of paper. I don't have to think about using the undo button using the SP4, I just erase.
Surface Pro easily hands down. I tried writing with an iPad Pro and it just didn't cut it. It's also much nicer having an eraser on the actual pen. Can't tell you how many times I turned over the Apple pencil to just be completely disappointed.
Just give me a USB C Surface Book with thunderbolt 3 and I will be forever happy.
Id hope so! Made a big deal about the first gen.
Does this app still run like garbage on Pixels?
You prefer iPhones and that's cool, got no issue about that. But the facts that some Apple and Google fanboys spout is just completely false and I need to speak against them. Sorry if I'm coming across aggressive.
Far more Android phones and windows computers in the world, nice try but try again. I also own a MacBook Pro, wouldn't be on this subreddit otherwise. But I can't stand people who openly defend Apple and think that they are the best and nothing can touch their services. Newsflash, Apple computers account for only 10% of all computers on the market. iPhones and iPads account for ~20% of the worldwide market.  

WhatsApp is the better option as it is openly available on ALL PLATFORMS. Stop drinking the Kool aid and think.
Where did I say that they could also afford an S8? Nowhere. Go read my replies again.

Payment plans often ask for a credit inquiry and if you don't have much, you probably won't qualify. 

Or they can buy a much cheaper new smartphone from Amazon. Talking about used iPhones is you clearly grasping for straws, there is no affordable way to purchase a sub $300 phone directly from apple. 
A platform that exists on only one OS is NOT SUPERIOR.
And some people can't. Why can't you comprehend that some people have financial struggles?
Sick and tired of this whole conspiracy. Google doesn't sell any of your data. User data is their pot of gold coins, they would never give that up to anyone else. Ads are targeted at users based on their data, but nobody outside Google has this information. It's not like Google is sitting at an internet street corner giving your data out like crack.
I just want SMS to die. It is an old out of date protocol that was never meant for the kind of messaging we do today. 
$400 is still quite a lot... Some people simply cannot afford this.
I would think the original Moto X but...
I did it from https://keep.google.com. Scroll down the sidebar and click on Send Feedback and let them have it!
I have just put in feedback, this is absolutely the dumbest thing I have seen in a long while.
The Pixel 2 is quite a ways off. If you need a phone now, don't bother waiting for it.
Same can be said for the iPhone.
Ah ok, so it didn't necessarily fix reminders in Google Home. Thanks!
I don't get it what is this supposed to do?
I like the look, don't like it getting rid of my weather info.
Won't make the same mistake as I did last time. Need to wait at least for the 3rd DLC before getting this. Also PC this time, please?
The S8 fingerprint reader is in a very odd location vs the Pixel.
Ah ok. The way people are talking about OneDrive here made me think it was back.
Have Microsoft brought back placeholder icons for OneDrive? 
It has been noted that Verizon does not hold back updates for the Pixel. Updates are directly handled by Google. Updates can be expected once every month, usually just security updates.
Hrm both Apple Maps and Google Maps have different opinions as to which way the route goes. 

Also it would be awesome if you could include Windows 10 Mobile as well. 
It's definitely the phone. 
Ah I see now my apologies
The only AW app I have currently installed on my phone is the AW app itself. I tend to use the stock faces that came with the watch. I could try unpairing the watch and see if that fixes anything. 
It just doesn't make any sense to me. We have the same exact Bluetooth devices connected to our phones. We both have our own Huawei Watch and our own two tiles. We both started experiencing the problem after the Feb patch. She stopped having the issue when the March patch was installed. I thought mine was also resolved, but it still automatically disconnects from Bluetooth, just takes longer for it to happen than before. 

It very well could be something on my device and not on hers but I don't really have a way of figuring that out. 
Both I and my GF have the Pixel XL and Pixel respectively. We both have the Huawei Android Wear Watch and both have two tiles. 

After installing the Feb. patch we both experienced the same issue with Bluetooth turning off. After installing the March update, her Pixel is perfectly fine while mine is still having the same issues. I am not sure what exactly is still causing mine to behave in this way.
Mine is definitely better with the March patch, but it still hasn't been fixed. 
It could very well be Doze just turning it off. I have no problem with Doze doing its thing to lower power usage, but why not turn it back on when Doze is no longer needed? 
It's absolute insanity. I don't hate Google, practically everything I use is Google, but I can't stand their nonchalant attitude towards problems and bugs with their devices. 

My Nexus 4 had a camera bug from Android KitKat and onward, where taking a picture could result in the phone hard resetting itself. Google always said a fix is in the works...never came.

My Nexus 6 with Marshmallow basically became crippled if the battery went anywhere near 30% or less. Google said that they were looking into it, nothing ever came from that. My Nexus 6 also had a camera bug where the camera would crash if, god forbid, I took more than 3 HDR photos at once. 

It's these little things that start to add up. Then pair it with the news that Google still, 5 months on, can't keep the device in stock makes me think that they still don't care enough about their own device line.
I don't understand how Google can mess up such a trivial thing as Bluetooth.  I also don't understand how they can just write it off for an entire month and say, "We'll just fix it in next month's patch." Can you imagine the uproar if the iPhone 7 had this issue and users had to possibly wait a month or more? If Google wants to go toe to toe with Apple, then prove it.

I have only used Google phones (Galaxy Nexus through the Pixel XL) for the past 5 years and it gets real old real fast when they do this. They never seem to "care" enough to release a timely bug fix. It's always the same old same old. I was able to tolerate it on a Nexus phone that was $400, but when I pay $900+, I demand fast bug fixes and for Google to treat this device seriously. It is one of the main reasons why I buy Google phones, timely updates. But I want nothing to do with these timely updates if they go about breaking fundamental smartphone features like Bluetooth...
No I got mine through project fi
I just got March's update yesterday
I remember ICQ but didn't really use it as that was a bit before me. I feel a bit better now though lol
Wow now I feel old... :/
AIM! :D
Let's hope not but it should have been there day 1.
Wrong. Amazon Alexa has supported them since 2015: http://www.pcmag.com/article2/0,2817,2490412,00.asp 
> confirms multi-user profiles are underway

GOOD! How Google thought it was a good idea to roll Home out without including this feature is just astounding...
First Samsung Galaxy device that I could ever see myself owning.
And then Lucio pushed you off.
For the brief time that my gf had an S7, I have to say that it was a pretty smooth experience. I still don't like Samsung's UI and prefer stock, but it definitely is not the lagfest that it used to be.
If you are somehow implying that Microsoft didn't disrupt sectors itself you need to get your facts straight.
Can confirm. Never cared for a lot of features, only cared for smooth experience. Finally getting to point where even Samsung provides a smooth experience.
I love Pixel / Nexus phones and even that comment made me LOL
How much longer must we wait for Elder Scrolls VI???
I never said anything about latency...? I don't remember what my latency was when I was on WiFi, but all I know is my Download speed went up and lag spikes have decreased. 

I also strongly disagree with you on the 3-4 Mbps being enough for gaming unless you really meant 3-4 Megabyte/second. 
On my Xbox, I jumped from having 27 Mbps to 58 Mbps. I also don't have nearly as many lag spikes. For me, it was definitely worth it. 
Use a powerline adapter then. I do, have a cat6 Ethernet plugged right into it, and I have way less latency than if I was using wifi. And no obscene cords running my apartment either.
Damn that would bother the hell out of me :/
My girlfriend and I both have a Pixel and Pixel XL and Hwatches and they are both doing this as well. 
Yes it is
This happens to me daily on my Pixel, 7.1.1 and not beta Google app.

Just must be a bug
I wonder why
On my Pixel assistant only responds to OK Google 
7.1.1. Icons turn dark for me.
Bryan Cranston
That's pretty idiotic that they don't support Linux at all. Oh well nice to know that it can work at least somewhat.
I thought PS Vue could be used through a web browser now?
I trust them much more than myself or some txt file on my computer. Try LastPass, they have been great for me.
I currently have a SP4 and I think it's overkill for what I want the device for. I cannot wait for a 12" Chrome OS tablet with full support of Android apps. That is probably my dream tablet/laptop hybrid currently. I'll probably jump on the Chromebook Pro, just wish the keyboard was detachable :/
A Galaxy Note 7 with software controlled by Google.
Extremely. One of the major reason why I have only bought Google phones the last 5 years.
Yeah I finally managed to find the "upgrade" option on the preorder page, thanks though!
I am extremely concerned / confused with this announcement. They show box art, amazon has prices for $60. Is this a new game or an expansion? 
Is it really though? Why is it on Amazon for $60 then being advertised as a separate game?
I came down from a Nexus 6 to a Pixel XL. I regret it when I use my girlfriend's regular Pixel, it just fits in the hand so much better. I will be getting the regular next go around.
I have no problem with allo if they implemented a system where I can send and receive texts on multiple devices. Allo is a great messaging app, just wasn't what we wanted, which is unfortunate.
I want to leave Hangouts ASAP.
I hope this is true. I really want to use Hangouts for its features but I just can't stand it nowadays.
What happens if you did not make much at all in the past year? Does that mean that I do not have to file?
I want a Surface that has only USB Type C ports and I'll upgrade to that in no time.
I have an XL and my girlfriend has a regular Pixel. Coming from the Nexus 6 I though that I would want the XL, but I almost regret not getting the regular Pixel. It just fits so much better in hand. By the time the Pixel 3 comes out, I will most likely drop to the smaller screen. 
Does anyone know if you text people with Hangouts if it also shows up in Google Voice? I am very interested to know...
It would have to run Android. No way am I using a system with little to no app support. I also prefer Android to Windows Phone.
But the thing is most people don't need to know 90% of Word's features, which is why they have never learned. For most people, Docs is sufficient. 
I have it if I'm not logged into my account but when logged in I still have the older interface.
And provides a much better product as a result.
Can I be in your class?
Because Hangouts sucks.
No problem with the website, but the app can go die in a hole.
This better replace Hangouts for us. I can't stand Hangouts anymore. Crashes every time I send a message or two. Absolute POS software Hangouts has become.
With enthusiasts, yes. General public, hell no.
Nexus 6 --> Pixel XL

Because it was a Google phone. Other candidate would be Pixel (considered Note 7 too but...alas)
My gf just traded in her S7 for a Pixel on Monday and it took her a few hours before she even knew how to open the app drawer. 
Do you have Windows 10 Home or Pro? I have never seen any of these on Pro.
The point is these shouldn't be on in the first place.
I never meant for it to sound like I disagreed with you.
Correct, there is no absolute hard evidence right now. But that is why they are voicing their concerns, which they have every right to. 
I would go because how many people in their life can say they went to a Presidential inaugural ball? Go and enjoy
If its true about Russia's alleged hacking to help Trump into the Presidency and Trump knew and collaborated with them, that is treason and would illegitimize his presidency.
Immediately.
Why use it if its that painful? I would've trashed that a LONG time ago!
As far as I know, the Xbox 360 had the largest failure rate of any electronic device from a reputable company... it was like 40% failure rate or something like that... It would've been idiotic for Microsoft to NOT extend the warranty. 
Doesn't Google do this now only with Pixel phones?
Damage Control Mode Activated.
I have to admit I was kinda hoping that this was a joke and it was lazily slapped on to look horrible lol.

Still, nice skin!
This is exactly what I was thinking.
For me it started on the following billing cycle.
The battery was at about 70% when this was happening.
I'm assuming it's due to writing with the pen. It would look strange if your drawing looked pixelated. Maybe they are trying to reduce that look and feel. 
Would absolutely love a $500 price point!
Ok as a Google fanboy who opted for a SP4 last year, who has been waiting for touch, Android app, and pen support on Chromebooks... Google and Samsung, I am watching very closely...
There is a part of me that wishes that I went with the regular Pixel. Oh well, maybe in two years lol
Nexus 4.
I agree. It's big, chunky, and bland. I personally don't like Microsoft's new UI. It seems to be lacking something. The settings app is just horrendous. It looks like text on a white or black background. Horrible.
Galaxy Nexus, Nexus 4, Pixel XL.
For me it was the Galaxy Nexus and ICS. I absolutely loved that phone and I loved ICS. 
I would have gotten 64 GB. 32 GB was definitely not enough for me, but I doubt that I'd ever use more than 64 GB. Though I said the same thing for 32 GB phones...
Yes.    
Well since it's not a texting app as the OP asked, no.
I like my Caseology Parallax case on my XL.
Works fine for Windows devices. I see no need for manufacturers to differentiate with different skins. Features, sure. Skins? Absolutely not.
That's funny because I think mine is too weak.
You know its just a lot of random apps that I like to try out from time to time. I also have a lot of banking apps. Then you start saving media, and app cache goes up. Things fill up quickly.
I thought the SE came out last year
Get the 128 GB. Glad I did, I'm already using 11 GB just on my apps. Haven't taken too many pictures or videos yet. No games either. 128 GB is much more...relaxing.
You can backup photos yes, but there is no option to make them unlimited like on Google Photos.
Yup mine works completely fine without issue. 

The only reason why I went for the XL is because I was coming down from a Nexus 6, and anything is small compared to that thing.

That being said, I do like having a bigger phone, but I could definitely live on just the Pixel. 
Sorry but that's kinda impressive lol
If you are talking more than just shopping lists and quick notes, OneNote is absolutely fantastic. I use it in school all the time.
There are definitely some issues with QC. I have an autofocus ~~bug~~ defect on my Pixel XL that I know that others have reported as well on /r/GooglePixel. My XL clicks when it focuses on something far away after focusing on something close.
Mine eventually arrived, Google definitely should be more prompt when dealing with RMAs. 
Ok thanks for that. I finally did manage to get it, took almost a day. Its pretty silly though that they sometimes make you wait 2-3 days. What if your device is not working? :/
Nope, talked to Support last night and confirmed that its a hardware defect.
OK so that's good to hear that this is a normal wait.

My Pixel has the autofocus click issue. When it focuses on something close and then on something further away, the camera makes an audible click noise that can actually be heard if you are shooting a video. Very annoying to say the least.
I would avoid the 5x since it's LG. I'd go with either the 6P or Pixels
I would highly advice against anything LG. They have been having tons of bootloop issues for years they just neglect to fix. 

Moto Z Force looks like a nice phone, but I really don't trust Lenovo at all. 

I say if you like the Note 4, want a Note-like experience, and can hold out for 6-8 months more, than just wait. The Pixel just does not have the features that you would find on a Note.

That being said, I absolutely adore my Pixel XL and cannot recommend it enough. If it were me, there would be no question between those three phones, the Pixel XL is it.
I know that some of the new higher-end Vizio TVs now come with a tablet as a remote for example. 
Why I got the 128 GB lol. Never having to worry about storage is the dream!
They most likely didn't think it was worth the hassle of including it for little gain. IR blasters are needed less now as newer TVs are controllable through tablets and smartphones.
I love my Pixel XL, it's an awesome device, the best I've ever owned.  Tl
Works perfectly fine on my Pixel XL
But they don't even include them anymore 
OK, I ask because my phone is now outside of the return period. I will just ask Google beforehand when I proceed.

Thanks again!
Funny enough yesterday was the first day that I truly noticed it on mine. Maybe it was there previously but I never noticed...? 
Sorry to be a pain but I thought of another question earlier today. When you RMA'd your phone, did Google send you a refurbished phone or a new phone? Was it still within its return period when you did RMA the device?

Thanks again!
Yup most of the time it's just pictures, but I'd be annoyed as hell if the one time I took a video I heard the clicking noise over and over again. Thanks for the advice and info, really appreciate it!
So is it only when you are focusing on something extremely close? Anything at a normal distance is fine? I haven't really experienced this issue other than a few rare times.

Also, how is the process of getting an RMA and switching to a new phone? I'm hoping it's painless with the new backup and restore system the Pixels have.
First phone was the Lg Optimus V. Oh boy was that a struggle :/. Compared to my Pixel XL, what a vast difference.
I get them all the time, at least two per week. They are usually just asking me where I have been lately, but one recently asked about Casper.
Look I'm not agreeing with what they did, but to completely ignore what Microsoft has done to everyone else isn't right. All of them have sone something to the other.
Because Microsoft's was so much better before Satya became in charge?
Do you keep the broth or remove the broth? Interested in trying this...
I eat everything with a little bit of black pepper. Soo good!
I think it depends on when T-Mobile gets RCS going.
This is what you should do, then it doesn't matter who you use because it's already encrypted.
Use Relay for Reddit, never had any issues.
I prefer the look and aesthetic of a stock Android phone and want updates straight from Google. 


Amazing phone, love mine!
Well I mean compared to the OP3T, there really is nothing that comes close. Even at $300, just spend the extra cash and get a OP3T.
Ok good glad to know it isn't just me. Since the Pixel is so smooth, I am starting to notice even the tiniest bit of lag. 
Yup, I lost bigly. You are bigly right. Absolutely tremendous argument you got there. /s
> The tabs are just over the content. **Not on stupid places.**

Nice argument. The tabs in Chrome, Firefox, IE and Edge all operate the same way as a tab in a filing cabinet would. You have the tab with the content name, maybe a little emblem or something to quickly recognize a company or vendor, and then below the tab is the content such as Address and information. Safari's method is like using a companies Address as their tab "header" and then the actual header is shoved in with the rest of the content. 

> You don't need, if you were a Mac user, you knew you could just access that by pinching out.

I am a Mac user, I have a MacBook Pro. I do not however use my trackpad, as it sits on my desk most of the time, so I use a Logitech mouse. Screw anyone using a mouse right?

> Ahah, no arguments.

That is an argument...

> And it's optional to turn on.
Next time, try to use a Mac before criticizing.

I do use a Mac... I do not use Safari, so going by what YOU HAVE SAID, I assumed that it was turned on by default. If it is off by default and you have to turn it on, then that's better. Again, going by what YOU HAVE SAID, I took it the wrong way.
> You are such an idiot, they are just like the 2nd biggest browser, Ms Edge and Firefox, only Chrome is stupid like that, and chrome derivatives.

Please show me where Edge and Firefox are more like Safari than Chrome, because to me they sure as hell are not like Safari.

>We don't need that, because unlike Chrome, Safari has view that shows all tabs open at the same time.

I don't want to push a button or hover over a tab to view what the content is, I want to quickly glance at my browser window and see icons for relevant sites that I am already on. I don't know why this is so hard for you to comprehend.

>There's an option if you are blind for more contrast buttons, but you don't even need to use the buttons, ***that's the magic.***

Yup, magical, right until you are using anything but the trackpad.'

>No, it's not, until they fix it, and if you want, you can run without an ad blocker.

Sorry, still wrong. Should be optional to turn ON, not turn off.
The tabs on Safari are opposite of every other major browser out there, making it a very awkward to move from one browser to anotger. The lack of an icon in each tab makes it a very cumbersome experience trying to figure out what tabs are on what website quickly. I find Chrome's buttons to be perfectly fine, the buttons in Safari match too closely to the color of the window, making them harder to depict for myself.

And yes, ad blocking is morally wrong. Don't care which way you slice it.
Because I prefer Android? That's why I have owned Android devices for the past 6 years and why I am posting on here... 

Just because I want a good experience and good support does not mean that I hate Android and that I should be using an iPhone. In fact, if you want Android and its devices to perform better and do better in the market, everyone should DEMAND a better experience.
And what elements in Chrome's UI are tiring and useless? Provide specific details.

Ad blocking is morally WRONG and I don't care which way you twist and turn the argument. Should you be able to disable tracking and targeted advertisements? YES. Should your browser just automatically disable all ads regardless of their intent? NO. How would you feel if people decided they didn't want to pay you for something that took you hours to do?  You don't need to eat or pay any bills right? Of course you do and so do other people. Taking away their income is not right, end of story. If you have a problem with a site or service that does do that, DON'T VISIT OR BUY ANYTHING FROM THEM! 
I highly doubt that there is NOBODY that hasn't had a bad experience with them.
Already have, find any company that has 100% top notch support plz thx.
All companies have horror stories regarding their customer service, but its just a fact that Google's customer service record is far cleaner than OP's.
To me experience and support matters much more than specs and benchmarks.  But to each their own.
UI full of garbage? Wtf are you even smoking? It's literally the same UI as all the other web browsers minus Safari. Idt you know what a UI is.

Native ad blocking is wrong, it blocks revenue for content providers from which you are viewing content from. What do you think, they sit there and dull out free content without expecting to get paid in any way?
Syncing across multiple devices from different vendors, more compatibility for web technologies, a UI that doesn't make me want to blow my head off, a vast amount of extension support., etc. 

To me, Safari is a just fine browser with a horrible UI, and that doesn't cut it. But that is MY OPINION, and I really don't care if you prefer Safari. Keep doing you, I don't care.
But they still could explode. This update removes any possibility of them exploding once they lose their charge.
Well good thing that we all have opinions and different options that we can use isn't it?
I'd hope not, otherwise Apple has a serious manufacturing problem. But shit happens and sometimes people get a load of bad devices. 
Maybe the guy just has bad luck? Not everyone is trying to swindle the system you know.
Agree with it being faster but imo safari is a UI nightmare.
Easily the Pixel XL. The smoothest experience on Android I have ever had.

Comparing this to my other phones and I can't seem to choose anything else.
Extreme temp fluctuations can cause this. 
Yup, came out to an extra $4/month for 2 years. No brainer.
Where do you see the 805 being more efficient than the 810? Owned a N6, can assure you that it was utter garbage once battery dropped below 50%, which happened regularly.
Yeah I noticed the issue as well. Pretty horrific when considering this is the same company. Is this app required to log into games with? I always just assumed it was.
Don't be so dense, if I was traveling I pack a cable so I can charge. You are acting like you are on the move 100% of the time. Most people are home every night 99% of the time, which makes a stand an easy suggestion to easily throw on at the end of a day. 
I don't bring anything because my phone lasts all day.
As someone who just went from a phone that had wireless charging to one that doesn't, its probably the one feature I miss the most out of my old phone. If you get a nice Qi charger like the Tylt, all you have to do is place it on the stand and you're done. Where as now I have to hunt for a cable all the time. That being said, charging through a cable is obviously superior when it comes to speed.
Love mine so far, well worth it!
Have you been able to fix this? Just got my pixel and I've noticed this right away.
Have you had any luck with the battery optimization fix? I just got my phone today and its already not detecting OK Google.
Ive always liked the look of the pane of glass on the back, though I wish it was something more like what the renders were showing (glacier white with black glass).
Probably until the Pixel 3 or iPhone 8. I have no interest in anything Samsung is producing and I highly doubt that Apple will change the design radically next year. And if they did, probably waiting for rev. 2 would be a better move anyways. 
Yeah I don't understand how anyone can use Hangouts. I admit I loved the synced messages but at the cost of my sanity?
I never honestly liked them anyways so I usually don't even consider LG devices.
We don't even know 1% of the details about this OS yet, calm down.

I think it would be amazing if Google positioned Andromeda to compete with Windows directly on desktops and the like. I don't mean like ChromeOS, but like how you can install Windows on a large variety of hardware. 
I'm still waiting for my code. 
2/5. A lot of bloat and inconsistencies keep it from being any higher. If it weren't for PC gaming, I'd be using macOS without question.
Yeah I have been waiting for mine as well. Just going to end up flashing the update zip I suppose since Google forgot about me :(
My 2011 15" MBP still feels plenty fast and is still supported with macOS updates. I think you will be fine.
MacBook without question
Just got my shipped notification as well!
And here I am, still waiting for my Oct 14 order to move to processing. 
Please define ages.
Fi?
I'm waiting for Fi to get their act together. This is seriously getting aggravating. Why is it people that ordered after me are getting their devices before me? Makes no sense. 
What store did you buy it from?
Yes because that wall in Berlin worked so well... 
Interested about what Pence thinks about Cook.
What store did you buy through?
Yup gotta love how deprioritized Fi users are. Still pending for my 10/14 order.
Ordered 128 GB QB XL though Fi on 10/14 and I'm still at Pending.
Yup I'm still pending.
I haven't rooted since KitKat.
Still pending. XL 128 GB QB ordered on 10/14.
Just checked again, still pending :(
I ordered the same phone on the same day and mine is still Pending :(
Yes this is an issue that dates back several Play Store updates. Anyone with a high resolution display sees these grainy icons.  Not sure why Google hasnt fixed this yet.
I care because I don't like white fronts on my phones. 
Yup I'm pending too. What exactly does this mean though? How long did it take people to go from pending to processing?
Ally has Android Pay support. 
I was going back and forth on this and went with the 128 GB. I figured that, while I may not need it immediately, I'd rather have it and not need it than not have it and need it. 


Huh, I still have yet to call in about my preordered XL 128 GB. I ordered on 10/14. Hoping that I am in this third wave you are saying!
Woah I hope that is good news for me then. I preordered the 14th after the XL was "out of stock" for a while. My ship date was Nov 23-25. Inching closer and closer! >:D
Pre-ordered 128 GB QB XL on 10/14, expected 11/23.
Yes
Yup this right here. It was especially bad for me since I like to use Hangouts to text people. If my phone is already doing something like processing camera images, forget about using Hangouts.  The performance on this phone has become a joke over time.
I hate LG's skin. That is at the top of the many reasons why I absolutely refuse to use an LG device at all. I find it more repulsive than TouchWiz.
Can't you make the 5 GHz connection use a different SSID? That's what I do, works like a charm for me.
I'm jumping from a Nexus 6 like everybody else here in this post. My Nexus 6 has grown to be incredibly slow and laggy. It can be quite unbearable at times. A phone should not need to be rebooted three times in one day for example just because you decided to take a lot of pictures during the day.  My Pixel can't come soon enough.
I want my Pixel XL.
Well to be fair, Google did not build any of the Nexus phones, they have only built/designed the Pixel devices. Going by the Pixel devices track record, I'd say Google is probably one of the best in the business when it comes to hardware. Not sure what this guy in the video is talking about.
This is just a sale though.
Dang. Yeah it seems like the 32 GB XLs are rolling out, but the 128 GB XLs are still in very short supply.
What phone and what store?
Personally I really liked what both Google and Microsoft announced at their events.  Apple is/has been going down the drain for years now in my opinion.
Or 4
I am in the exact same situation, same phone, same store, same date. Let me know if yours ever changes status lol
This is the regular Pixel?
Ordered the Quite Black 128 GB XL on the 14th. Hopefully this is news that they are starting to ship the next batches!
Can't wait to get mine to upgrade my lagfest that is the Nexus 6 lol
I did preorder! Unfortunately I did it a bit later so now I am paying the price I suppose lol
Thanks I do too lol. Unfortunately it said Nov 23 for ship date... :(  
If you want it and can afford it, go for it. If you like your current phone and can't afford it, don't.
I'm looking forward to watching The Force Awakens in my own little movie theater :)
I'd love to just GET my Pixel...
Wait how does 7 hours of screen on time equate to the user not using their device? It's obvious that they are to get those times. It might mean however that they don't have as many services running in the background which is fine.
Was it like a notification that popped up on your device?
This just in... Google announces acquisition of PushBullet.
Not as embarrassing as those prices for the new MBP.
Wth I preordered same device a full week ahead of you and nothing...
Yup :(
You add people by using their phone number.  If you don't have their phone number, you cannot message them
Yeah but usually those other companies want proof of some kind that the device is not broken, for example bringing it into a retail store.  I had to do this with my SP4 to get Microsoft Complete. Since Google doesn't have a retail presence, they can't guarantee that the device isn't broken.
I am honestly surprised that no one else has caught on that.
My Spigen case just arrive and now it shall sit here, taunting me until Google decides to ship my phone.
I also have the 128 GB version. It could just very well be that they are so backed up with 128 GB models that they have none currently. 
Hrm unfortunately that does sound like something could have "hit" the glass. I'm not saying anything did, but to a warranty rep, that is where they will stand.
So why not mention the higher resolution screen on the Pixel? You can only get a max resolution screen of 1080p on the current iPhone. What about it having one of the best cameras? The Snapdragon 821, which compared to other Androids is more powerful.  Sounds like you are grasping for straws honestly.
Good to hear, this is the combo I will be rocking when my phone arrives.  
Is there any visible damage showing like it was dropped or something hitting it? Sometimes these cracks happen due to temp fluctuations or imperfections in the glass and that should fall under manufacturer warranty.
Water resistance was just recently added to the iPhone line. Why is everyone seemingly forgetting that a water resistant iPhone did not exist a little over 1 month ago...? People are acting like it's been there for years already...
Looks nice but I feel like this would be an ergonomic nightmare to hold. I currently dont have any issues with bezels.
I'm still sitting at Preordered. 
I guess Google expected less potential buyers right away? 
I bought mine through Fi as well with a ship date of Nov 23. Really hoping its earlier but I doubt it at this point lol
Ah gotcha. Sorry for the dickish reply, we're all just anxious.
That's what I hope lol
You placed your order 3 days ago and they were gonna ship it yesterday? Some people preordered first day with a November 23 shipping date. You're fine.
Wait so does that last part mean that you need to be have a new, unannounced device in order to use RCS?
Yup here 
You only need 2 people to make it $7.50/month for GPM and Red. That's still not bad.
I'll probably be selling mine once my Pixel XL comes. Mine is pretty much in excellent shape, not a single noticeable scratch on it from what I can tell.  How much do these go for now would you think?
The Pixel XL looks to me like a worthy upgrade. I've grown tired of the size of the Nexus 6 as well as it's mediocre performance.  Will I miss the front facing speakers? Sure but they are not that big of a deal to me like they are to some other people. I'd rather have a well built, cohesive device and experience over any specs really.
Have you seen the chips in any phone as of late? Can guarantee you see a Samsung chip in there somewhere.  Doesn't mean it's a Samsung phone however 
Yes they did, but I'm coming from a Nexus 6. While it had an LED, you had to root for it.
Awesome news, thank you kindly
Lol same. I keep checking, hoping against hope, that it ships early lol.
Do you know if the LED is multicolor?  One of the things I miss from past Nexus phones like the 4 and 5 are those awesome RGB LEDs on the chins of the phone.
I just bought mine for my XL yesterday. No idea when my XL is showing up, says late November, but at least I will have the case for it!
Yeah that would be nice :(
What kind of storage does the OP3 have? I thought it was UFS similar to the S7 and Pixel.
There is going to be a real Pokemon game by GameFreak coming out on this.
I have this problem too. I've resorted to using a charge pad to get this thing charged. Could this be fixed by Motovo and should I even bother?
I have to reboot my phone almost once a day now because of stuttering and lag. My camera.... Forget about it, I almost try to avoid using it now. Its time.
Because it is a better device.
This is exactly how I see it. Your phone is the single most personal device that you own. It is your most used device. I'm coming from a Nexus 6 which believe me, has been incredibly my painful lately. My phone completely froze up on me yesterday when I was trying to take 2 pictures consecutively...2! I want my phone to just work and unfortunately the N6 is no longer "just working" for me. 

And no amount of factory resets will fix this issue, it always creeps on back. And no, installing custom software is NOT a fix. Imagine an average day joe being told that they have to root and install a custom kernel to fix the throttling issues on the N6. It shouldn't be a problem and that shouldn't exactly be a fix.  I am hoping that Google takes the Pixels way more seriously than they have ever taken the Nexus brand, and so far every early indication seems to point to yes they are.

/Rant
Nothing I have done fixes it.  And no,a custom ROM or kernel is not a fix.
Throttling issues, camera is complete trash, phone is I credibly slow and needs to be rebooted several times per week to fix.  And no, factory reset don't work.
Yup it pretty much had a 6 inch screen (5.96" to be exact). While that screen is awesome for content, boy is holding or maneuvering it in hand a pain. More often then not, if I am holding my phone while laying in bed, it actually starts to hurt my palm for how wide it really is. I am definitely going to miss how big the screen is, but the size decrease will be good for me in the long run.  
Ok excellent, thank you!
If you don't mind me asking but how do the buttons feel on this case? Do they feel like they would be stiff or are they a flexible type of plastic/rubber? I ask because I had a case on my Nexus 6 at one point and it made my buttons EASIER to press, and not in a good way... Also, thanks for posting!

EDIT: Added sentence
This is awesome news to hear!
That is a relief. Anything a little smaller than my current Nexus 6 will be a relief.
This is pretty funny. That being said, I can't wait to get rid of this phone.
God what an ugly phone. 
I really like the color saturation on AMOLED displays. That being said, I would take an IPS over an AMOLED of they could get close to that.
Wait it comes with two cables? Is this confirmed?
Yeah that's what I figured, thanks though and congrats on the phone purchase! Have you ever used a Nexus before?
I'm assuming through a carrier correct? I want to order my Pixel XL but I see they are still all sold out :(
I have a Nexus 6 and I'm going to be grabbing the Pixel XL when they are back in stock. I can't stand how my phone starts to slow to a crawl when performing basic functions like taking a picture. I also have never been able to get used to how wide this thing is. The 5.5" screen is perfect for me.
Google does not sell your information to advertisers... They use it to place ads relevant to you.
Until they delay 7.1 for 35 days after they release it for literally everything else.
This is also true. I haven't really thought about that.
Because that's a lot safer...
Yeah this is the way I'm leaning right now. Just don't want to pay for now than I need
Yeah that's probably what I am going to do except the XL. Just wish we had some specifics about DayDream apps.
I'll be buying the Quite Black Pixel XL, just don't know what configuration I am going to get at this point.. I have a 32 GB Nexus 6 and I have only used about 14 GB on it. I would assume that 32 GB would be fine for me, but I REALLY want to try out DayDream, and I am wondering how big the apps are going to be for that. 
Definitely iPhone 7+. Easy money for Apple. They don't even have to run any ads
I believe we should get 7.1. They said only 2 major release updates. Technically 7.1 is still Nougat, so I don't believe it counts as a major release. But I guess we shall see...
What is the process like for someone who wants to order one of the Pixels through Google Fi to add it to their monthly bill if they already have Fi?
I'll probably get it after a reliable review comes out. I do really like how snappy this thing is looking, and my Nexus 6 feels like I am holding sludge :(
Yup if that's true, looks like I'm holding onto my N6 for a while longer.  Those prices are far too steep. I was really holding out, hoping against hope that those $649 starting price rumors were wrong.  Oh well, I guess with the nougat release today it won't be so bad... Hopefully....
Most likely XL. I just can't see myself dropping down as much as 1" from my current Nexus 6. That being said, if the Pixel has better battery life than the XL, I may reconsider.  
Such an extremely basic function that Apple just refuses to create. This is one of a few MAJOR reasons why I could never use iOS.
Oh that's not that bad
So what would a genius make per hour in comparison?
What does an Apple specialist do? Genuinely curious. 
Incorrect. PC market makes more money than the console market.
UI and UX
I expected it not to be backwards compatible. As long as the apps work normally as they should, I doubt users would even notice or care. 
5.0" according to most leaks.
You know... I like to rewind and relax a bit while in lecture. Some are brutal.
I honestly cannot wait for this phone! 
At this point Facebook will probably integrate it before Google does for us. Facebook at least have the retention to do it.
They are the first things I disable in messenger. I hate them.
So is Nexus going back to its roots then, as a development platform? It would make sense for it to be like that. 

Anyways, I am totally down with Andromeda running on everything! If Google can challenge Microsoft in Desktop OS's then I am all for it!
Yes it still isn't iPhone good, but the drain OP's reporting is abnormal. That is what I mean.
No I was talking about ally
Because ally technically did in the past but have changed it recently to only $10 per month. 
You haven't used Android recently. A lot of battery improvements made for a device in standby.
Yes it does, it is still rocking marshmallow too 
Up to $10/monthly but yes lol
While I actually don't mind the round icons, that Duo icon is just horrendous. Is that seriously what it would look like for app icons that are not symmetrical?
Yes
I suppose, I completely forgot that it was phone to tablet, but still that is abnormal.
Yeah something must've been definitely wrong with it. I can leave a Nexus 9 all weekend off the charger and it will only go down 10% or so by Monday afternoon.
Meh I honestly don't care enough. I'm fine either way.
Ever since KitKat really, I haven't had the urge to root and install custom ROMs anymore. Mostly because I don't care for it anymore, I just want something to work correctly, but also because stock has been good enough for me now. 
I am heavily invested in it and Google's ecosystem.
Really I always liked the Pixel brand. Sounds simple and playful. 
If what I am understanding from this situation, HTC has no say on what goes into this phone. It is completely designed by Google, HTC is merely manufacturing it for them. It is a similar situation for the iPhone. Apple doesn't actually manufacturer them, Foxconn does, but they are comoletely designed by Apple.
Yeah it's weird it doesn't do that by default. It's kinda deceptive really, makes you think more people are using the service
Yeah I'm sorry you had too... It was quite clear what you meant.
They used to, now they're building it into Skype.
I have a Nexus 6 and even I know it's not the best lol
Hell just look at Windows 10. Hamburger menus everywhere, it's in the goddamn start menu now by default.
This would be been the best course if action most likely. But hell, at this point they can just buy HTC and mold them into their Pixel group they already have.
Windows devices have extremely tight integration though. 

Have you ever used a surface? They are extremely nice. The Lumia 950 is clearly a remnant of the old Nokia. Let the Surface team actually develop a phone from scratch and let's see what they cook.
Perhaps it's something with my install then. Alright thanks!
To me it makes sense to have separated apps. Updated more often and less bloated.  This is what I think made Hangouts the horrid mess it is today.  Too many ideas, too much code trying to do too much.  Made development suck and the app suck. 
I hate the price but if it has nice features and financing I'll probably get one. Speaking of which how does financing work if you already have a fi account?  Is it normal or is there a special profess I might have to go through?
Would you by any chance have issues with Hangouts like it restarting every time you send more than like 3 messages? I am a fellow fi user myself.  I can't stand this issue, and it always happens when I am in the middle of typing out another text... So aggravating...
What's wrong with Bluetooth?maybe they are fixing that before releasing it to us.
My uncle works at Nintendo and he says it's coming soonâ„¢.
I actually really like their direction, it's their lack of communication that I find frustrating.
There is a HUGE difference between Inbox and Gmail though. Using Inbox does not lock you in to the app forever. Want to use Gmail, go back and all your emails are there. 
Not entirely but currently it's the closest solution we got.
Does it send as your number or a short number?
According to several users it's not an SMS app. You can continue to use your current app for sending texts.
This needs to be upvoted higher. 
It's like Google wants these phones to fail.
I'll try it. If it doesn't have SMS though I can't see me using it for long 
If the iPhone 7+ shipped with stock Android easily that no questions asked.
I would probably get an iPhone honestly.
Of course there are both sides to this, but the safest bet for Samsung is to take control of the hardware and make them non-removable, removing user error as much as you can. If you really want more battery life, get a charging pack or a battery case, problem solved.
Yup exactly the same with me regarding the Edge phones. I guess they are much better with the Note 7, but I honestly wouldn't know unless I held one.
Holding the thing is painful. I've held one before for about 5 minutes, and good luck trying to do anything without accidentally clicking something on screen. The beauty of the device quickly fades once you realize how absolutely frustrating it is to use.
Because besides it looking cool, its actually stupid to use.
It has a free tier. You can pay $50/year if you want to remove some restrictions on the free tier 
I always loved sense, even if it was a bloated laggy mess. The ui never actually pained me to look at unlike Samsung's.
Depends on features and financing. We shall see. 
My 3 GB HD7950 still runs fine for most games. Sure I have to knock it down to medium now, but its still respectable.
I was gonna say just this.
Oh wow that is quite a difference, thanks for doing that!
I just want a phone a bit less wide than my Nexus 6 lol.  Love the size but damn is this thing wide.  It hurts your hands after awhile from holding it lol
Can you do a size comparison between Pixel XL and Nexus 6? That'd be interesting as the bezels on it were extremely small in proportion to its screen. I'm assuming most people upgrading to this are going to be coming from the Shamu most likely if we go by the every 2 year upgrade cycle.

Edit: apparently my brain stopped mid sentence and switched sentences, so I had to add what my brain left out :|
Sorry but I like the new notifications. They just look better and have much more functionality.  Of course I wouldn't know though.
Thank you I don't know why I haven't been able to find that post!
I too miss the sparkles lol though having a light bar behind the glass would be sweet!
The Nexus 4 has been the best looking Android phone thus far I think.

I really can't wait to see the HTC Pixel phones. I love me some gun gray HTC builds!
I doubt it. Having removable batteries allows less control in Samsung's part. Imaging people buying the S8, putting cheap battery knock offs in them, and they start dying and exploding. Samsung is then further tarnished than it already is.  I just don't see it happening.
Love your wallpaper! Would you mind sharing it?  

Btw... I'm a Nexus user so please forgive me if this is a stock iOS wallpaper, thanks! :)
I'd at least want them to be loud so I can hear them go off in my pocket.  I have terrible hearing
Just because you don't necessarily care for it doesn't mean others don't.

Between the two, USB-C is the more practical port to have ~~if you had to choose one on a laptop.~~

FTFY



A zoo is your example of what makes iOS great? What a terrible analogy.
How exactly is it more modern? 
Have notifications and reminders been syncing to all of your platforms consistently? This was a big thing about a few of the others that I wanted to make sure was working.
Very nice summarization, thanks for that! This sounds exactly what I need, I am just going to have to play around with it. I especially need to get some filters and labels set up so that I can start sorting easily. 
After a couple of days I am starting to lean this way as well.  How do you integrate it with your life that best helps you get things done?
Like I have said before, I don't care that the update is being delayed, but Google should at least let us know that something is wrong when it goes wrong...

This lack of communication from Google has me seriously thinking about switching to Apple, hell even Samsung is better at communicating sometimes... 
Where do you see this? On TickTick's website, I only see $1.99/month.

>And we've received no communication on the Nexus 6 update...


And this is what is most annoying. I don't necessarily care about getting the update right now, but some communication about why its taking so long would be nice. 

I have a SP4 that I like to use in class to take notes and complete projects. There are times that I may be without a solid wifi internet connection, especially in some of the downstairs classrooms in my academic building. Having a native app allows me to still access my lists without necessarily connecting to an internet connection. 
Always had a good experience using Wunderlist. I just find its reminder support to be a bit lacking in regards to todoist, which is why I am having such a hard time deciding really.
Lots of ticktick votes.  Interesting.  Yes I have noticed that the windows 10 todoist app is extremely buggy in its current state. I am still within the refund window for my premium sub, which is why I am trying to look at all my options currently. I really like all the features of todoist, particularly being able to set more than one reminder and setting reminders for subtasks.

Also isn't tickticks premium plan $2/month? That's relatively close to todoists.
I agree that it looks really nice, and some of the features definitely look appealing.  But I think the big thing about Wunderlist and todoist is how they are available almost everywhere. I like to have native applications, which is why I don't really consider ticktick. If they had a Windows 10 and Mac version i would probably take a hard look at it.
Just out of curiosity, why do you prefer TickTick?
I looked at TickTick and it looked promising, but I really would prefer to have a native app for Windows 10.
As long as they offer interest free financing like they did with the 5x and 6p then I'm fine I suppose.  

That being said, I may have to give the Moto Z Play a serious look now... :/
I really hope Microsoft keeps to their guns and knocks it out of the park with the Xbox Play Anywhere and Scorpio. That should really scare Sony.

Also, Andrew House kept iterating on stage the other day that the PS4 Pro is indeed in the PS4 generation, implying that the PS5 is going to be another generation whereas Phil Spencer keeps iterating that there won't be any more hardware generations like in the past for Xbox. If this means losing our games again, count me out.
If you have the PC version, we get the new Skyrim Ultimate Edition for free anyways. Mod away!
LOL Sony is becoming worse and worse each passing day. I was aboard the hype train with the PS4, had it day 1. But man has it been a disappointing ride... Not talking the games, I mean specifically Sony's attitude and the hardware of the PS4.
The Nexus 6 is all metal besides the back plastic cover. And I believe people are willing to sacrifice 1 mm and a little extra heft if they knew for sure that their phone would last longer.

EDIT: Nexus 6 does not have a metal back under the cover, my mistake.
Its not that I find camera bumps ugly, they just don't make sense to me. One of the major reasons why I don't have an iPhone is that the battery life isn't up to snuff with some Android headsets. I'm a regular on here, as I have a Mac, but I like to keep in touch with what the iPhone is doing. It just doesn't make any sense to me, users complain  all the time about battery life. They need their phones to last longer, they need bigger batteries. The camera bump doesn't help anything else besides the thinness of the phone, but I think people would gladly sacrifice what....2mm for longer battery life.... not to mention that the camera bump completely leaves the camera as the first contact point with a surface when you lay the phone down unless you have a case. It just doesn't make sense to me.

I'm just calling out your ridiculous claim that it would add a lot of weight and thickness to the phone, as if your adding the weight of a college textbook to your phone. You're pretentious and need to get over yourself.
Keywords you said: "a lot"

That's what I was responding to. It would not add A LOT of thickness and weight. 

And NO, added thickness wouldn't add THAT MUCH WEIGHT. I have a Nexus 6, bigger than the iPhone 6+, and I in no way ever feel like my phone weighs too much. 
What no it wouldn't? You honestly can't be serious.
My big beef with camera humps is why not just make the phone thicker to meet the camera and add a bigger battery?
I always preferred the new one and this only reaffirms it.
What's allo?
Is this problem just on macOS? What about their Linux offerings? Wonder if there is something for Windows as well that they may be doing...
They exited from developing mobile x86 processors. They have just recently licensed ARM. We can expect to see them again soon.
Exactly this. If I went to go ask my mom or sister what MFi is, I highly doubt they would ever think a cable cert. 
Ok excellent thank you! I was always confused about this, looks like I can start looking at other SMS apps!
Exactly. I don't care what people say, I shouldn't have to pay to play video games in the internet connection I already paid for. Server upkeep and maintenance is not an excuse either. Valve seems to be doing quite fine with Steam regarding its servers, and it's rarely ever down.

Now that Microsoft is moving into the PC gaming area, they have said hey have no intention of making people pay for Gold. They know better, and we aren't going to play any of their games if it requires gold. Interestingly though, I wonder if this will eventually trickle down to the Xbox. They (Xbox owners) are already pretty upset that PC gets to play the same exclusives as they do but we don't have to pay for gold.
My PC offers a better online experience for free. I'm done paying for subs to play online on my Internet connection.
There's a Bank of America app.
Isn't the bank of America app in particular quite good actually? I know someone who was commenting about it.
Loading multiple applications at the same time such as Chrome, OneNote, Drawboard PDF, PowerPoint and usually ReadIt. The fan would start and people next to me would hear the faint noise it made. Sure it wasn't loud but it was enough for me and other students to hear, and I didn't want to bother other people. The m3 allows me to do all the work and note taking I need while being completely silent. That is why I value the my m3 so much. Honestly if I needed more power, I'd probably just opt for one of the Surface Books, which at that point I know a fan would be necessary to keep it cool so it wouldn't bother me so much. But since my SP4 is supposed to be a small, portable note taking tablet for classes, I prefer as silent as possible.
Personally I prefer the m3 model compared to the i5 4 GB. I like not having a fan as I don't have to worry about it spinning up during class like my SP3. Also I believe getting the i5 with only 4 GB is a waste of money personally. If you happen to need the i5, then you probably need more RAM, in which case you should go for the 8 GB model. 
I believe it's a week long.
Thank you someone else who gets it. It's the equivalent to those cassettes that had AUX cables in them for digital media playback in cars. It's a hack, it's not meant for that, even if it does indeed work... 
No not everything is a hack. This part of Samsung Pay is specifically a hack. It is pretty much fooling the card reader into thinking its a card that was swiped. NFC readers were designed from the beginning for contactless payments. Card readers, not so much.
Yes I should've clarified I only meant the MST part of it. 
I really hope this is true, I have been wanting to try allo out for a while now. That being said, if it doesn't fall back to SMS or if you can't get to your messages on anything other than your phone, than what's the point?
Looks like a nice watch. I prefer the look of the Huawei still but its nice that more nicer looking watches are starting to roll out.
I prefer the way Apple and Android Pay work. IMO, Samsung Pay is, for all intents and purposes, a hack.

Edit: Should have clarified, I meant the MST portion of Samsung Pay is a hack. I'm perfectly fine with Samsung Pay using NFC, that is not what I'm calling out.
I have been having a hard time actually seeing the icons. When I was in a tank, I couldn't see the spinning wrench in the middle of my screen until after a few times that I tried repairing my tank. I was very confused. There are many icons that are like this in the game that I am either passively ignoring or not seeing. 
You also get access to Sprint and US Cellular. So theoretically, your coverage should be better. You also get to use Hangouts for calls and texts from any computer. But if you don't have any problems with T-Mobile just stick with them honestly. 

I went to Fi because I wanted to pay less and have better coverage at my house.
Haha
Any news on when this will be coming out?
Nexus 6. Almost 2 years old. The battery is still fine, and can get me through an entire day if heavy usage. The performance I feel has gotten worse over time and the camera sucks, which Google seems intent to never fix.
No they don't. I play Overwatch and BF4 weekly on my PC. Never once have I ran into a hacker on official servers. You just must be bad.
Only sometimes.
Its not like Apple hasn't done this sort of thing in the past though.
Which is what I am confused with. If Apple decides to use USB Type-C for its MacBook line, wouldn't it make sense for the iPhone and iPad as well?
Well now that Samsung released the Note 7 with USB Type-C, we can expect the S8 to have it as well. Samsung will start to move a lot of cables. They are catching on, even Microsoft is doing it. Apple is the last big vendor that would make the cables explode.
I'd be ecstatic. There is no reason to use a Lightning port when USB Type-C could cover it all. They are doing it with the MacBook. They could have one cord to charge all of their mobile devices, which would bring down manufacturing costs all together.
Doesn't Apple normally phase out Apple MacBook models immediately when a new one releases?
I like Empire and Galas.
The larger phone will have a 1440p screen. The smaller, Sailfish, will have 1080p according to rumors.
So does Sailfish
You bring up good points, which is also why I tend to use Office in conjunction with Docs.
I'm a big fan of my TYLT wireless charger.  I got it for about $35 but it works every time with my Nexus 6, no matter what position I put it on. This was a problem with my previous wireless charger, which was an Anker single coil wireless charger. It was hit or miss with my Nexus 6. The TYLT charges every time without fail.
And would last forever 
If Google isn't updating phones more than 2 years I doubt they support watches for 3...
But if the iPhone 7 has wireless charging then the casing can't be completely metal correct? At least that's true for Android handsets.
I've used both. I can hardly tell the difference. You'd need to put them side by side to really tell. In any case, I feel that the Surface Pen is less frustrating to use because it has an actual eraser.
I tried the current Apple pencil in an Apple store recently. I'm a SP4 owner so I have the new Surface Pen. I was extremely frustrated having to find an eraser icon on the screen in order to erase something.  On the Surface Pen it is just like an actual pencil, and you just flip it and erase away. There is also a side button that is incredibly hard to click so you can select objects. I find it useful every once in awhile, but it never gets in my way. Overall I liked how it wrote, but anything past that and it frustrated me.
I like Google Docs because I don't have to install anything on any computer to access my stuff. As long as I can access the internet, I'm good. This not only makes it extremely cross platform but also incredibly easy to hop from one to the other without missing a beat (or character lol).

That being said, I really also never had any complaints about Pages, it's a solid word processor. Unfortunately when it comes to collaborating with others, I'd rather work with Word or Docs since almost everybody has access to one of those to some degree.
Microsoft, Blizzard and Google do it the best. A simple notification where it says a code that is also displayed on your screen. If it matches, click accept and boom you are in. No typing in codes, no messing around with outdated SMS, just a simple way of logging in.
Why do they only do SMS? This was recently called out for being completely insecure. 
They should go with a last day sold measurement for time, if they were going to time support.
Which have this anyways through the Xbox app on Windows 10.
Thank you I couldn't remember how long exactly the wait was.  I knew it was excruciating though lol.
Incorrect. The S7, S7 Edge and Note 7 support powermat. 
Man I can't wait to have a Gunmetal grey Nexus. Question now is, which one? 
That's what I did in-between the Nexus 4 and Nexus 6 lol
I want
So you have one of the new Nexus phones then? As far as I know, they haven't been released yet. Hard to judge an HTC Nexus phone when the last one they made was 7 years ago.
There is obviously something up with the Nexus 6 on N. I'd rather they iron it out than roll out a buggy update.
Nexus 6 does not have the release version of Nougat yet. They would download DP5 if they opted in to the beta.
It isn't even shipping with Nougat right now. Its still M.
It never was. They promise fast updates, but they have never been immediate. I remember waiting a week for KitKat for my Nexus 4.

Just chill out, grab a beer and wait. Nougat isn't going to be life changing.
Android Apps
So let me get this straight. Your school's providing Chromebooks to students and some faculty are refusing to use it, opting to formats that have been proven difficult for students to convert to?  Either these teachers don't know or don't care. I think it's time for the IT department or administration to sit these people down and tell them to get with the program, because they are creating far more confusion and frustration then should be allowed... 
Yes it recently did. AP wrote an article about it last week. It also loads much faster it seems.
Very nice to hear. Maybe I can get one of these and eliminate the need for the Xbox Wireless Adapter. Thanks!
Huh, is the DualShock 4 USB Adapter just a Bluetooth adapter in general? I am wondering if this would work with the new Xbox One controllers with Bluetooth in them too

Because Google wants to completely forget about the Nexus 6, and shun it out of existence. That's why our camera sucks, the CPU throttles if below 60% battery remaining, and we aren't getting this update.
You could do that with most phones.
Why not? 
Keep in mind also that the OP3 is a $400 phone. Samsung really blew it with performance here.
Samsung has a good amount of clout to better their position similar to Apple. If Samsung put their foot down and said no bloat or no Galaxy, carriers would most likely give in. Samsung moves too many phones at this point to ignore them, so many to the point that people equate Samsung and Galaxy phones AS Android in general. 

I think the problem is Samsung get incentives not to care and carriers bloat their devices up.
The Nexus 6 was sold through Verizon
An indie dev promising the literal universe to you and you weren't suspicious? 
It still is.
Think they are implying that it should be free to start.
It's funny that you mention Apple. Steve Jobs actually admired Sony for a long while. 
How is an update that improves the security of your device useless?
That's if it's within the return period or if you have a protection plan with a store.
It was a dig at your previous comment. At least on PC, you can troubleshoot and fix your problem. Something goes horribly wrong on console you have to send it back to Sony. You would've got that if you weren't full of yourself.
Computer engineer here, I know exactly what tech is.
Primarily a PC gamer. While true this happens, not nearly as much as you say it does. In other words, don't be an idiot on your computer.
Sorry your disk drive broke. Better bring it back to bestbuy or send it back to Sony.
Steam has cloud storage too.
Doubt it.
Just get a PC. 
Or go get a PC.
Never said it was as efficient. Just saying why it's not as fast as it should be.
When LG gets to it
No I believe ADH is included when you purchase within 15 days of owning the device. I have ADH and it didn't cost me anything extra.
I believe that's because Samsung throttles the speed once it hits a certain speed, helping save some battery life. It's how some people are getting 5-6 hours of SOT on their S7 Edge and Note 7.
Does anyone know if Google Assistant is dropping today as well?
The last time it has been reset was maybe 2 or 3 months ago...? I generally perform a factory reset every time a big release comes out anyways (I do this for every OS upgrade). The last time I did was when the phone was once again becoming a pain to use. Factory reset fixed the issue for maybe a week or two but it was soon back to normal.

My storage is not full, I am currently only using 18 GB of the storage. It should have plenty of room to breathe still.

EDIT: Added why I reset.
Yeah I'm hoping that it does fix this phone. I am still jumping for the next Nexus phones though. I have been waiting for an HTC Nexus since the first one.
I'd just rather not deal with it. I like not having to worry about whether my account on Snapchat will be deleted, or if Android Pay will work or not. I'd rather not deal with the issues that could arise from running custom software.
It very well could be a rogue app, but the lag usually just coincide with the camera and Hangouts each and every time.
I am going to be getting one of the next Nexus phones either way. I have insurance on my N6, perhaps if the issues persist I can try making a claim?
That's probably what they are aiming to do, ala the Surface line.
They messed it up and then abandoned it. If they abandoned while it was working I don't think there would be as many complaints as there are now.
No that was Hangouts and they messed it up
Might be a fallback
Yup. It's very unfortunate that it seems like Google doesn't care about this phone at all.
No it generally happens whenever I send a lot of texts, take a few pictures consecutively, or do anything demanding for more then a few minutes.  The lock problem I have is after a few days of usage, which is when I have to reboot my phone every couple days.
No I haven't yet, I've just been waiting for the stable release. 
No custom ROMs or kernels or anything of the sort. I like to keep my phone's stock now, and don't like messing around with them.
Back in the day I would, but now I don't like messing around with things like that. I keep everything stock.
Many times. It never really fixes the issue, just makes it go away for a week. It's a problem with the slow storage and full disk encryption I believe. 
Yup, this reason along with the camera lag and various other things. The next Nexus devices can't be released soon enough.
So I'm assuming you still have a computer of some kind laying around correct? Or was that you're only computer.
Lol you say that now. Have fun when Neo comes out!
Nexus 6 owner here, never had to take case off to wirelessly charge my phone. Was your case made of steel?
Why? What benefit do you or anyone else for that matter gain if they drop it? You could still use Bluetooth headphones, nobody is stopping you. Use of the lightning connector? Great so I have to pay Apple $70 for another adapter! You can sure as hell bet that they won't include it in their new phone. This just sounds like another way Apple can monetize their users instead of allowing a smooth point of entry, similar to the MacBook. Yup, sounds awesome to me where do I sign up? ...sigh
Ok, its been a while since I checked out the video and I don't remember all of it, thanks.
My Nexus 6 has got to be one of the biggest, laggiest phones I have ever had to use. It baffles me how not even a 2 year old phone can hang up this quickly. I take a few pictures quickly on my camera and then all of a sudden all hell breaks loose on my phone. Hangouts crashes every time I send more than 3 texts to someone. The phone turns into a god awful lagfest if I don't reboot 3 times a week. My phone doesn't even lock properly... Takes sometimes 5 seconds to acknowledge that I pressed the lock button. If you press the power button quickly after shutting off my phone you can continue to use it until it "realizes" that I wanted it to be locked. My Nexus 4 never had any of these issues. The only issue I had coming from the Nexus 4 was the camera would force my phone to reboot. That pissed me off, but normal operations slowing the thing down to a crawl never happened. Idk how Motorola and Google messed this up so badly. Can't wait for the newer Nexus devices to come out.

/Rant
So your phones screen would be off when plugged into this correct?
Ok good to know
I always liked the feel of my Nexus 4 so I'll go with glass.
I wonder what kind of performance hit would happen when a phone suddenly has to power another HD panel. Doesn't the phones screen remain on while using this device?
The funny thing is the first one (S3) was software related and I brought it in. There were funny mistaps on the screen and I reset it and lost all of the free promos and apps. 

I brought it in to the MS store and they replaced it with a brand new Surface 3. Ever since then, the other 5 Surface devices were all hardware related problems. 

The other S3 had a bad motherboard and would blue screen upon boot. The SP3 all had shit wifi cards and my connection would cut out. And the SP4 has been notorious for having terrible light bleed issues. They were so bad that they could be seen during normal usage of the device, especially down on the bottom where the black taskbar usually resides. 

Finally was able to get a SP4 that just works, but man was it a real hassle getting there. If you take a look at /r/surface, its a wonder how the Surface division at Microsoft stays profitable.
Curious but why would you use the apps for those instead of the actual sites?
Went through 2 S3's, 2 SP3's and 2 SP4's before I finally landed on one that actually works correctly.
I went through 6 Surface devices. Shit QA is on the rampage in the industry right now.
I did the same. I will do it again if I can grab more around $0.60
They won't use it because FaceTime just works and is installed by default. No preconfiguring required, just launch and go.

If Google makes Duo a standard app in 7.0, and Android users use it more often, then it could convince iPhone users as well. It needs to really catch first on Android before iPhone users decide to leave FaceTime behind.
Does this theme work with Unity? I kinda prefer Unity being set up like macOS :/
I'm going to have to try this soon! 

On a side note, XFCE is looking amazing these days!
No support at all on the desktop. This is for phones and tablets. Why, idk it seems like Google wants to make sure you know about the cards existence or something.
Where would I be able to buy them from? I have been checking your ebay page posted and haven't seen any there.
Note 7 most likely.
What's that?
Yup I heard thank God. Honestly just holding out until I hear about the battery life.
I'll be switching. The Nexus 6 has been an buggy and laggy experience the entire time I have owned it. 

I am not sure which HTC Nexus I'll be upgrading to. I like the size of the Sailfish and miss having something that could be easily used with one hand. That being said, if Google does what they did last year with the 5x and 6p, I'll be getting the big one (Marlin). I don't know why manufacturers believe that because someone wants a smaller device means that they don't actually want good specs...
Right until Google releases the HTC Nexuses. I am a sucker for HTC builds...and I want a fingerprint sensor.

Which Nexus phone is the better question, I would like to go back to around 5", but not if the performance and battery hit are like last years 5x and 6p...
You dropped this: /s
Sorry, cloud storage is not the same as a file manager.
Oh trust me I know, I have the m3 model. I am just wondering which version you had when you switched to the iPad Pro. 
Which SP4 did you have?
I got a SP4 and it has completely replaced my MBP in regards to my mobile computing needs, especially for classes. That being said, my MBP has been far more stable than any of my Surfaces ever have been, note the "any of my Surfaces" part... 
Yeah this is what I want to know as well. This is the phone I'll be springing for. Just hope Google and HTC don't price it out too high like HTC did with the 10.
My thoughts exactly 
Yeah ok.
My sentiments exactly.  Everything I have seen about this phone makes me want it even more. Let me tell you how many times the size of the bezels made an impact in my phone buying decision. (0)
If the 6P was cheap enough, sure. I'd still wait for the next Nexus to be announced at least to see what you're missing.
Awesome, more excited about the upcoming Nexus phones then! *hopefully*
I suppose that is true, thanks for clarifying.
I've actually gone through 2 Surface 3's, 2 Surface Pro 3's, and 3 Surface Pro 4's. Each one had a different problem from the last.

My first Surface, the S3, was fine but the WiFi on it was flaky  and formatting the thing caused endless blue screens. Being within my return period, I brought it back and they exchanged it on the spot.  The S3 they gave me, I took out of the box, and it blue screened almost immediately. Brought it back the next day and had the same MS employee help me that gave the thing to me. Feeling embarrassed, he upgraded me to the SP3.

The SP3 wasn't much better than my first S3, and the WiFi would never hold a stable connection. Brought it to the Microsoft store and they gave me a new one, which I tested right in front of them and had the same issue. Once again, they offered to upgrade me to the SP4, which I said sure. 

The SP4 that I was given was fine at first glance, but when I arrive at my house, it had terrible light bleed. Returned it and the second unit I got was even worse. Finally, I gave them one more go and landed on a SP4 that has been fine, no more light bleed, no more wifi issues. Its been.... fine! o.O *knock on wood*

Let me say though, while I really like the Surface, if Apple or Google offer more compelling options in regards to a nice tablet experience, I am much more inclined to go with their offerings in the future. My experience with the Surface line is incredibly sour after everything I had to go through to get a decent one.
It doesn't require root right? For the Nexus 6 that I have, you need to root your phone to use the notification light.
I would love to have iPhone like backup schemes in the next Nexus devices.
Google disabled the notification light to push Active Display. As much as I like Active Display, it just can't beat a notification light. I loved using the lights on my Nexus 4 and Galaxy Nexus. I'd gladly trade Active Display for the notification light. That being said, I just hope includes the notification light in the next Nexus phones.
The exact reason why this is a PC game for me.
Changed registry? Just fresh install the surface image for it when you get it. No need to mess with the registry if you don't know about it.
I must've gone through 4 or 5 Surface devices until I landed on one that works adequately for me. My girlfriend went through about 4 S3 as well. It amazes me how Microsoft can sell these things with so many problems. 
I'd like to get one of the better ones if you are selling individually.
Upvoted because I giggled in RL. GG
Damn to me it's hard to be as bad as Finder... Nevermind being worse than it... I'll have to look at YouTube videos or something. I don't have a Chromebook yet. I just like to lurk here
Check your inbox.
Is it finder on macOS bad?
I've never felt docs become sluggish ever.  That being said, I never felt word online be sluggish either. They are both good for what they are.
But you can disable them with by unticking a check box. IT departments would have no issue doing this, and I believe Google built it into the system knowing this.  It definitely seems to be a much better plan than Microsoft's force fed modern apps.
Wonder if Honda will support my 00 civic
I'm going for the big Nexus. While I love big phones now too much, I don't like how big the Nexus 6 is. If it was a tad smaller I'd be right at home.
You vote with your wallet. If plenty of people stopped buying, they'd understand right quick
It's Activision. How can you not expect these kind of scumbag tactics?
The people who are complaining about this DLC policy change = people who have paid for the game and play it.  Not that hard to understand.
They also did it with the HTC Thunderbolt and RAZR I believe. 
Awesome, I absolutely loved that game. Bae over Bay any day! Lol
Wait, you mean you don't want to buy your apps through the Galaxy store?  
The Nexus 4. If the camera didn't crash my phone, I'd probably be still using it.
Really? It protects the screen from getting hit more often. I prefer the raised edges. This is a expensive device, I don't want it to break from just normal activities.  I at least know that if I hit my watch against something that the screen most likely isn't getting touched. 
Or sapphire glass. 
My Hwatch can last over two days with the wifi off. I keep.ambient light on and everything, and at the end of the day I have around 67% left usually.
Don't forget the 4G moniker either. Can't forget that it has 4G connectivity.
Why does everyone continue to support them? Want them to stop? Stop buying their shit, plain and simple.
Of course not, this is EA.
I did too, but the difference is the ending in Mass Effect 3 made your journey feel pointless. That's why everyone was mad, because they felt hours and hours of gameplay and buildup led to absolutely none of it mattering.
More important question. Is your username in reference to Life Is Strange?
Gold means it's ready for public release. They were implying it obviously wasn't ready if they had to push a day 1 update, it's missing a lot of features and functionality is missing or broken.
Just wait until Google Assistant comes out then...
I thought if you didn't pull your money out of the account then you don't have to worry about taxes...?
The only reason why I'd buy this game is out the window. I personally don't see the point of playing a game like this if you can't meet and interact with other people. 
That's the only thing I expect from gaming companies now.  Sad but true.
cool, looks like I'll be downloading my local area then lol
Question. Do offline maps still allow you to use the GPS and use the navigation? I never really understood the point of an offline map besides it being the closest thing to having an actual paper map in front of you.
This entirely.  I don't get the appeal of these screens.  They are just ASKING to be broken in one drop. And I can't hold that thing without pressing anything to save my life. I'm fine with my flat screen thank you Samsung.
I'm actually quite shocked at how bad this phone has become over time. I only updated to this phone because I had a chance to get it for free from sprint on contract.  I originally had the Nexus 4 before this. Besides the camera bug that plagued that device, it was honestly fine, and it never slowed down to the point of me wanting to throw the damn thing out a window, like this thing does weekly. The new Nexus phones can't come out soon enough.
It is free now, and it has a lot of the basic functions of the real office applications. It's good to use if you absolutely need Office. Also once Android Apps come, you can then download the office Android apps and use those.  They are quite capable actually.

I prefer docs but I know that office online is a good alternative.  I used PowerPoint and word online to finish and collaborate with my classmates on my capstone project. Worked extremely well.
Keeps web app is really nice and I prefer it rather than going to the site. Hangouts web app has been sucking wind for me lately, and the site is just so pretty, I've been slightly moving to that.
Yup that is currently where I am too. Can't be on Linux if I can't play overwatch, league or battlefield lol
As soon as gaming is more prevalent I'm switching back to Linux. Was really hoping that Steam OS would bring lots of developers into the Linux fold but I guess not.
Or upgrade to Mac or Win 7 lol
Still don't like it. The only skin that I can deal with really is Sense. Other than that, it has to be stock.
I have a Nexus 6, and I find hitting recents a bit more cumbersome because it is right underneath my thumb, making my thumb bend at an extreme angle instead of just pressing it on the other side. I also do have pretty big hands, so maybe its just a nonissue for me. Mentally though, I don't like the back button being on the right side of the phone. In every single UI paradigm ever, the back button has always been all the way to the left of the application window. Keeping the button on the left hand side of the phone just makes sense to me. 
I don't like TouchWiz and I don't like the gimmicky edge display. Are you baffled yet?

EDIT: I will add a couple more reasons to my list:

* I don't like having a physical home button
* I hate how they don't stick with the default navigation button scheme (swapping back and recents). Always messes me up when I use my gf's S7
* Not a fan of their speakers
* Not a fan of all the Samsung bloatware

Does the Samsung phones have a lot going for them? Yes absolutely, they are the best phones for a lot of people. But to me, all of the annoyances that Samsung insists on doing is not worth my time or energy.
There is nothing that Windows could do that would make me want to switch. I just don't like Microsoft all that much. Pretty much only use their products because I have to.
I had to uninstall Snapchat from my Nexus 6 because it was a horrific experience. 
Come Baby Come by K7
I would've stuck with them if they hadn't made that floating ball so goddamn buggy. 
In the AP article today, they said that other password managers were indeed already actively involved. I wonder if they can tell us if they plan on supporting this at all or not. I would assume that they would.
What are you talking about? It'd be different if Apple sold these Macs for cheaper but they are not. They have old specs in them, plain and simple.
I'm on PC and I'm indifferent about it. I can still see the date and time quickly. Definitely makes it easier on my SP4.
I have a follow up question. In another post you made recently, you said that your app and extension have to be installed on the same machine in order to work correctly with form fill. I know this is /r/apple but does this mean that ChromeOS functionality is off the table currently? 
Not sure what lag you are talking about? 
Really? I am quite the opposite. I take a huge amount of notes for work and school and found the Surface Pen better. I think it feels more like a writing utensil than a stylus, which the Apple Pencil reminded me heavily of. Also, no eraser was a no go for me :/ 
I would say they sell just as many Surfaces as Apple sells MacBook Airs. At least objectively, I see just as many out in public.
Reread my comment. Wasn't talking about iPad was I? 

It's a known fact that there are more iPads sold, but to say that Microsoft doesn't sell any surfaces is a bit dishonest wouldn't you agree?
Obviously she isn't doing much work on it. 
I have no idea what you're talking about, I see just about as many surfaces as I do MacBook now at my college.
> Most people want a tablet to consume entertainment not to use for work. 

Then what the hell is the iPad Pro for? Apple seems to really want to market this to people who work with a tablet like computing experience...?
Yup I am the same way. If I knew that I could call and text from my computer without needing hangouts, I'd never touch it.
That's where the PS4 pulls in air as well.
It's probably just an update to the Now Launcher that will be pushed when 7.0 is released. 
My hangouts app must crash two or three times a day. It generally happens to when I'm in the middle of typing a text..  :|
They could be default on devices going forward launching with N, but usually they don't add apps on devices that are being upgraded to the next releases.


This. Just make it fast and reliable and I'll be happy.
Yeah I honestly don't know how Microsoft can release these in such bad shape. I went through 4 or 5 surfaces I believe and finally landed on one that just worked. 

Though recently I haven't been able to use Chrome, it just immediately crashes upon launch.  I have been very unhappy about that lately as I live almost completely in chrome.
No. Android is a far more compelling mobile OS than Windows Phone at this current time.
You must've dropped this /s
Actually if you use a WP the jokes still on you lol
HBO Now has a much easier UI to navigate and often better video playback. In terms of content, they are exactly the same.
If it does with a Chromecast I would sure as hell hope it does this with a console lol
You might be able to just ask your cable provider for that. My parents have Cablevision and just cancelled their TV package, and they said all they have to do is hook up the cable directly to the back of their TV for local and basic TV, no charge.

But FaceTime is also available on Macs...?
What about chrome? 
Yes but they are still faster. Usually my gf with her S7 gets her update before I do with my N6. What day Google chooses doesn't discount Samsung being faster generally with monthly updates which is pretty impressive. Major OS updates are another story though.
They have been coming down, but they are for quick flash sales it seems. If its $75 for the M360v2, then that's an extremely nice buy. If its the first gen, I would hold off. It won't be getting any more updates from what it has now.
Samsung does. They are often times faster than Google lol. 
Yeah the Huawei Watch when I got it was $350. I love this watch, but personally I think it was a little too much. That being said, theres constantly deals for this watch and they are constantly dropping in price. 
I really think it is worth it for about $200 or less.  It is a really great watch, and the screen is gorgeous on it, much better than the other watches. It has a circular face without having a flat tire. The battery lasts quite a long time.  It's really good if you are out and about a lot and don't have your hands free to look at your phone.  One thing to consider is that these watches are pretty much glorified notification centers, and as long as you kinda treat them that way them you won't generally be disappointed if you want that sort of thing.
This totally. Though I wish Hangouts was more reliable and didn't crash as often on my phone.
It is rather unfortunate but it is truly the only cross platform solution that you absolutely know that everyone has access to here. If you have a mobile phone, you have unlimited SMS. Until that changes, I dont see any other solution becoming the norm here for quite some time. 
The problem is I doubt anyone outside of the tech community will even know or care about Google's new Messaging service. They need to come out strong and ahead of anyone else.
Nexus 6 here. The phone gets warm to the touch, but it never gets too hot that I can't hold it. The game does become a stuttery mess though after a while.  Not fun when that happens :/
Mine too! It was a tank of a phone haha
I have the Corsair K70 RGB and it has plenty of key travel.
Idk how you can do it. Perhaps its because of my love of mechanical keyboards, I need key travel. Just is weird without it.
Trying so hard to not buy one of these. I want the possible HTC Nexus... but man if these get low enough...
Only the display models in the Apple store. There is little to no key travel, I couldn't stand it. Just trying it for the 30 minutes I couldn't imaging myself ever using one, let alone owning it.  

Idk, the Air seems to me like a much better computer anyways, minus the screen. 
I would get the Air because I really don't see how anyone could use that keyboard on the MacBook. I think its horrendous.
lol on my days off, I usually have Reddit open on one of my monitors to the side while I browse the interwebs or play Overwatch. Its very rare that I miss notifications on the weekends.

Hrm, thats interesting. I took it that you had to play an Xbox game (whether it be on Xbox, Windows 10, or mobile) at least once per 5 years. I can see that being a bit generous, but I still think that 5 years is a good amount of time. Many people only have a MS account for Xbox, and if they were loyal Xbox fans until the One, but want to jump back in with the Scorpio, I believe they should still have access to their old gamertag. idk, maybe I'm getting a bit more generous as I get older and don't have much time to play anymore.
And why is that exactly?
Well the Xbox One doesn't have Spotify so you can forget that lol. (Source: own Xbox One)

Apple TV would do fine I suppose. I guess it depends on how invested your GF already is in the Apple ecosystem. 

Does she buy or rent a lot from iTunes? If yes, then you have already answered your question.  If no, then where does she normally buy and rent content from? Perhaps a Fire TV may be better in this instance or a Roku. 

Does she desire playing Blu-Rays or media discs at all? Then get a PS4 if having Spotify is absolutely necessary. Otherwise, the Xbox One S is not a bad buy at all, as long as you know and take into consideration the fact that it doesn't have Spotify (not sure if there are going to be any plans on adding it either...)


Just recently got a Roku 2 for my grandparents and I was surprised at how nice these little boxes actually are. 
I doubt it. Many more people will have the Pokemon Go accessory rather than AW, you can mark my words.
This is exactly what I was thinking, or maybe even more extreme. You never know, someone might have to sell their Xbox or something to break bread on the table one night and perhaps they can't really get back into their hobby for over a year or more. It would really suck if they were to return to find out their unique identity, that they perhaps spend a lot of time working on, was stripped away because life happened. 

It can be even as simple as someone missing out on a console gen. Maybe Billy didn't want the Xbox One after owning a 360, but now he wants a Scorpio. 

5 years is a pretty good, baseline time frame to go with.
Yeah I know, but I'm just hoping they are pouring more money into say the Core m processors to eventually come back in.
I honestly really hope that Intel can make a kickass x86 mobile processor that starts to become a serious contender, and developers start to take them more seriously. Intel is really the only other company, besides Samsung, with the capital and brand name that can make this happen.
I don't. I think 5 years is a good time frame to set.
Lenovo stated that the Z is a new line of phones, and they still have the X to come out with. The X is going to be more of a high mid range device now. I think this was stated on Android Police. I can't get the source right now since I'm out and about.
Easily the Nexus 4. At the time, nothing could come close to it.
Not even the Surface devices do lol (goes to corner crying holding a SP4)
They spent a lot more time developing for it
I use to mod my phone quite often. Not anymore.
I actually like it, minus the fingerprint scanner. Just wish it had a bigger battery
People would buy it, get angry that their apps didn't work or were unavailable, they'd bring them back and get another phone, probably an iPhone.
I just want it to be more reliable and faster. If that happens, then I'm good
I really hope it's true. 
Which sucks. Idk why companies can't do what Apple has done and offer a compelling phone in a smaller package. 
Sony and the haven't had a Nexus. I have been asking for a Sony Nexus for awhile now though.
I am as well if they don't skimp on the specs this time around. I refuse to use a subpar phone because I happen to want one a bit smaller.
What about Stock?
But what about battery life? I heard it's incredible on the S7E compared to the 6p. I love Nexus devices, but if the Note 7 has killer battery life, I might opt for it instead of the next Nexus.
Oh ok, never heard of it. Are you able to write in it with a stylus?
I have never heard of Drawings before. What platform is it on?
As far as I know you can't handwrite on Docs
You can clip notes with spaces?  I've never tried the app
Which is unfortunate because Keep is like a Sticky Note and reminder system. Don't get me wrong, I love Keep and use it everyday, but I can't see myself using it for class notes.
I consider Keep to be more for quick and simple note taking, like post-it notes. I would like a full on note-taking solution with stylus support and all that. Like OneNote on Surface devices.  

If Keep ever gets updated to that point, then we might be on to something but for now, it is far too simple to replace OneNote.
I believe if you have the key for 8.1 then it should work. Otherwise, the alternative is probably the safest bet.
I doubt the iPhone will have USB type-c. Apple makes extra money by licensing the lightning port out to accessory vendors. I definitely would like to see them implement it but I don't think it's going to happen.
It is an app but Google considers it a system app, so it hides the keyboard app from the ap drawer.  You can find it in the settings app under Languages and Input.  And welcome to Android :)
The Surface Pro 3's pen came with one 
I'd still just wait. The new Nexus phones aren't far off at all and we already have beasts as is.
I just want them to make it reliable.  Hangouts is extremely hit or miss, and the force closes and app reloading really sucks when you want to type something out and send it quickly 
So? If anyone in this industry can do it, it's Microsoft. Besides, all digital seems to be working out quite fine for Valve.
Because it costs less for them to distribute. 
Yes. Your computer will have a digital key that it will pull from Microsoft's servers. It will automatically activate when it connects to the internet for the first time
Bill Wi the Science Fi
Isn't an SSD either.
Uh yeah obviously look at the pricing? 
It's obviously not marketed to you...
Nope. Literally have been waiting since the Nexus One for another HTC Nexus.
I would be interested in knowing this too.
What an incredibly arrogant thing to say. 

Microsoft promises support and updates for an OS that they paid for. Perhaps they don't like change? Maybe they like where they are currently? Turning on automatic updates should not mean that GWX is installed and AUTOMATICALLY schedules an upgrade on them. How can you be so daft and inconsiderate?
Tell that to 90% of the populace. Had several employees that brought in their laptops because they couldn't figure out how to make it go away
Prompts you in the most unintuitive way imaginable. Besides, the courts have already ruled that Microsoft does fact do this.
Recommended UPDATES, not UPGRADES. Huge difference. 
Sorry but yes there is.
What the modern UI is leaps and bounds better looking than the Aero UI. Idk what Microsoft was trying to go with but Vista and 7 were just ugly.
That Storm Yeti controller is so awesome looking.
Ain't that the sad unfortunate truth.
Its so funny how fast people's perception can change in a little over a year.  Ask anyone how they felt about OP last January and you would've gotten a lot of different answers.
I don't think you know how a democracy works...
The problem is usually the bigger companies conspire together to set rates that are always going to be about the same, and then eat up the smaller guys that try to differ from them too much. This is how ISPs and cable companies have been operating for years upon years...

I agree, the system SHOULD work this way, but unfortunately some corporations have proven that if you give them an inch, they'll take a mile and hold onto it for as long as they can.
That's how democracy works. Don't like it, vote people in that will veto it. Majority rules. 
Could also be congestion on your network but yeah most likely Microsoft's servers
I kept mine on because I like the way it looks lol

EDIT: Changed a letter.
I'm hoping as more Microsoft games go UWP and Play Anywhere, that they add this in as a default. Then hopefully others will catch on...
Yes because that has worked out oh so much better for people.  How about we go back to working 60 hours a week, child labor, and extend low wages while we're at it? You cannot be serious. There will always have to be some regulation, otherwise corporations will run amok and we'll be back to the late 1800s all over again. Unless that is what you want....

And where the hell is the govt making policy as to what the prices would be in the first place? The are saying a 5% savings, not setting the price.  The big corps still get their way.
Not sure, but most likely an iPhone or Galaxy Note. Maybe a Lumia.
Google how about you actually fix Hangouts first...?
I believe so. They both fall under access to information. If a government entity denies you access to information by destroying books, closing libraries and limiting access to the internet, it is a violation.
Yea just leave it up to all the corporate entities, because they are surely better... No regulation is best regulation right...? wtf are you going in about?
Yea because bringing it to the State Senate for a vote by people representing the people is totally forcing it down people's throats.  
Yes I am interested in this thought process too... 
Probably in people who don't have one or increases in people who are risky.
Access to information and communication with others. You may not think of it as that important, but it is an extremely powerful tool.
Yeah I know I miss the old sales with the flash sales that rotated every 8 hours :/
The Steam sales were really lame this year. After the third day I stopped checking.
This is going to be a UWP app right? Could we be expecting these on Windows 10 PCs?
So is this basically for syncing messages between Android devices and Windows 10 computers?  Still kinda cool, and since its a UWP it could perhaps come to WP one day.
You can always assume that 3rd party games are not going to implement this system. It's one less sale if they do otherwise.
The most exciting thing about this leak isn't even about this device at all. The fact that the Nexus phones will have very similar specs, just screen size and battery differing, this is amazing!
How much do you rely on Windows only software? 
OneNote is the shit on Windows 10 though...
It's an option in Google Keep.
What plans are you talking about? I'm genuinely curious...
Because it's the default. I doubt if users were actually given a choice at boot that Apple Maps would be the most used.
I've experienced this problem at work with some of the computers that have been upgraded to 10. Only way we've been able to fix this is creating a new user entirely. 
Yeah I would like a feature like this built in to Windows 10.
You can use an "application password" which is an automatically generated password that only works for one device. If someone manages to guess it (doubt it), it still won't work to access your account unless they also happened to steal your device.  It's still no excuse for not having it enabled at this point.
Or any password manager really.  Lastpass, dashlane and 1Password are all really great choices.
No it does not
Why? Every other software design paradigm out there has the back button to the left... it makes very little sense for it to be on the right. 
The ones we have now are great, I really enjoy how they are not filled in. It would probably look much better if they kept the current implementation, but made the circle represent the 4 colors instead.

EDIT: That being said, it is really exciting to think that the Google Assistant will be living under the home button and I will definitely buy the next Nexus (have been using Nexus for years anyways) so I will probably get used to the buttons.
How dare you try to have fun on your entertainment device!
I am not sure what you are talking about? This is possible?
If you buy the game through the Windows Store then yes, you get a free copy of the Xbox One version.
I am getting it through the Windows Store. As a frequent Xbox player myself, I actually really appreciate the new Xbox Play anywhere program. Sometimes I don't want to play in my computer room but on my couch, and the Xbox is already there so...
Does anyone know of this applies to Amazon preorders as well?
This Fallout really disappointed me. But then again, I've always enjoyed The Elder Scrolls series a hell of a lot more. Please don't disappoint with that one and then we'll be k Bethesda 
I like iOS's design language the least of the three phone OS's.  I mainly prefer Material, but Microsoft's Modern UI is really growing on me.
Well it's not your phone right?  So who cares then lol
It's kinda true tho lol
Yeah duo could actually catch.  There is a severe lack of good 1on1 video chat apps besides FaceTime....
They accept NFC payments though? Microsoft just announced their own payment solution very recently actually.


Valve is not Capcom. For all intents and purposes. they aren't even a video game developer anymore. When was the last time they made a substantial new IP or even update for one of their games? They are now a storefront and a service, not a video game developer. They are a completely different beast than Capcom, and they have completely different marketing strategies and business models.
Seriously? L4D is made by Valve. They have never released a third game in any series they have made ever. Gabe doesn't believe in the number 3.
There's never going to be a L4D3
Destroy all of their units and bases yes
But wait... wouldn't you just be able to open the Xbox app and buy the digital game at $60 and then get the PC game? Something doesn't sound right here.
This so much. Can't wait to see more of this game!
No, Bethesda is releasing a Special Edition on Steam. If you already have Skyrim and all the DLC purchased through Steam, then you get Skyrim Special Edition on Steam for free. It is strictly for PC and Steam users. 

So if you already have Skyrim and all the DLC on Steam, then save your money and wait for the Special Edition that you will get for free for your PC. 
This is what I'm confused about as well. Usually, games cost more in Canada as well, so wouldn't it be even less here in the USA?  idk...
Where were you seeing the $40? I can't find it anywhere.
The new God of War looks amazing! Can't wait to play it!
This is a Xbox Play Everywhere game as well right? This would be a definite buy if that's the case!
Really? Head to /r/pcgaming, there are a LOT of happy PC gamers (myself included)!
Woah Xbox coming out with the heavy hitting features lately! Very excited! :)
Lol this was the only trailer in the Sony press conference that bored me enough to stop paying attention.
Oh maybe he was, I was assuming they were talking about an ordinary Xbox One.
Yup, the pc gaming community is pretty stoked about this.  Just don't mess it up like GFWL and we'll be set haha

May sell my Xbox after this announcement. Just wish more publishers would get on board, but I know that it doesn't make much sense for themselves to do this.
Never had issues besides really old games.  Not sure what you are talking about.
Yes, but PC gamers will also be playing on Xbox Live. As far as I know, Microsoft also has no intentions to charge PC gamers for Gold.
Huge difference on PCs though. You can tweak settings and overclock your system, upgrade components and swap out parts to get 60 fps. In other words, you don't need an entire new system. 
I was waiting for this, kinda disappointed to see it still hasn't been made available yet. 
You're the one who is making themselves look like an idiot. You are comparing a piece of kit that's out to purchase now vs one that hasn't even had a price announced yet...
Actually you can hit 1080 @ 60 fps for about $500 now. 