Your response should have simply been all of the quashed uprisings and rebellions. Die Edelweißpiraten, the Warsaw Ghetto uprising...
"So what you're saying is, I'm indestructible."

"Oh, no, no, in fact, even slight breeze could—"

"Indestructible."
He's taking the GOP down with him from the looks of it, so they'd be wise to at *the absolute minimum* put up a reasonable conservative candidate and not christofascists. 
I do not have a German name (I naturalized last year), so I'm not a stranger to these things myself. 
I'm not offended, just astonished at your attitude. Customs is not done by the post office.
Package has been at customs for like 3~4 working days and you expect them to have processed it and sent out a letter to the recipient and for the recipient to have gotten it already? 
Yeah I wonder what the dunkelziffer is like on this. I've personally been attacked for being a Jew on the street (physically) and in school (verbally) and have not yet gotten the police involved.
There are fewer than 100,000 Jews in all of Germany. This graph doesn't account for this huge population discrepancy.
Post is trash and OP is trash for posting it.
It's more confusing than that, even: the attacker is Palestinian via Syria.
This makes me wonder about AfD and Die Rechte and NPD in Germany....
Es schmeckt nach Kotze, wer trinkt denn sowas freiwillig? 
"Enough" in Italian
You fill out a visa application with this information well in advance of ever entering the US.
An ESTA application is not a visa, nor is it an application for one. On the contrary, it's an application to have the visa requirement waived. 
Yeah but how often do you cross your own border as an alien visitor? 'Cause that's almost certainly gotten a lot shittier since Jan 19 2017. I'm a US citizen with a secondary citizenship living overseas and I sure as shit won't be subjecting my non-American family to US customs until this gets sorted.
Ok this is weird as fuck, my best friend's dad has the exact same tie and also wears it to every Pesach seder. Good thing they've never shown up to the same one, somebody would have to change!
Kippah.
It... doesn't. It appeals to people willing to convert, because it's kind of a major sticking point if you don't.
That's absolutely not correct, [but ok](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/isis-islamic-state-foreign-fighters-syria-recruits-lack-basic-understanding-of-islam-radicalisation-a7877706.html).
The Winnenden shooting was almost a decade ago and resulted in the father of the shooter being indicted and losing his ability to legally own firearms for life. The father was found guilty of 15 charges of involuntary manslaughter, bodily harm caused by negligence and the negligent abandonment of a weapon. 

Imagine if the US actually did things like that?
That Nazi got 20,000 votes though, so it's evidently what some in that district want.
But many people who shoot up schools etc *are not mentally ill*. It's stigmatizing for actual mentally ill people, who are more likely to be victims of violent crime than perpetrators, and those who actually DO commit violent crime are usually victims of it themselves. 

Solving America's generally pathetic health system would be great for a number of reasons, but it isn't going to stop the shootings. 
I'm not saying she "deserves abuse," I'm saying she isn't a great hero.
Oh, not in Utica, no; it's an Albany expression. 
She and her party actively blocked gay marriage from being voted on (because they knew they were outnumbered) for the better part of a decade.
Seems like the commenter you replied to [isn't the only one who feels that way](http://thehill.com/policy/transportation/370437-tourism-down-in-us-since-trump-took-office)
You're glossing over that God *killed his fucking kids*. All of them. And then replaced them like kids are objects.
They declined to send me a ballot for either party (am based overseas) and told me to take part in the general election.
I am unable to vote in the primary due to party affiliation, but will be voting Beto in November. I'm not alone.
That's your Bote then, not DHL. My local DHL service is incredible, Hermes will literally hurl your package are your door while driving by (and in some cases run it over).
Austin famously forfeited to our SA taco greatness, it is known.
L'chaim*
I am a registered independent in Texas and will be voting Beto in November.
But we know that the death penalty doesn't work as a deterrent, so it would only make him an alt right martyr.
Reminds me of the CSU Drug Commissioner here in Germany being asked "why is alcohol legal but marijuana is not?" 

"Because marijuana is an illegal drug. Period."

It's forbidden because it's illegal, of course!
That's an awfully long, racist way of saying "no." 
I did, and sure!
But the requirement of saved up X thousands of euros for the student visa is the same for US citizens, and OP needs to know that as well and prep months in advance anyway. 

Also the German government doesn't just hand out residency permits without pressing reason, even to US Americans. 
Did your ass also escape a war zone and learn a foreign language and manage to obtain a job in its field despite a possible language barrier? 
Endlich können wir vor den Alaafisten fliehen! 
No-go Zones and "Sharia police" are both widely debunked myths, the latter of which was a publicity stunt by one guy who went to jail. No one gets detained for "criticizing" anyone, and the most popular baby names in 2015 & 2016 were Mia & Ben; in 2017 Emma & Ben.

Du hast also verdammt viel Meinung für ziemlich wenig Ahnung.
/r/howlies
They already live in the US, as far as I know.
I'm a German citizen and am "mistaken" for native German daily. I have fully integrated and love it here. It isn't perfect but I don't miss living in a country where people die from lack of health care due to prohibitive costs.
The US was recently visited and investigated by the UN for extreme poverty in certain areas, up to and including 3rd world country conditions in much of the rural south. A lot of America is indeed a shithole.
I left the US 6 years ago and do not regret it for a second. If "making a better life for myself and offspring" is spoiled, then I'm ok with that.
Nearly 1 million US citizens make their homes in the EU, which is arguably a much better deal for many of them. Since there's a disputed number of overseas Americans (between 7 and 9 million), it's not insignificant percentage-wise. Others go places like Canada, South Korea, Japan, etc.
I left America because I consider it a shithole. 6 years gone, gained a first world citizenship, no regrets.
You've missed the point, they've moved out of their shithole.
The way Germany does it (they also require you to renounce, usually) is that you get pre-approved, pending your renunciation. You go to your embassy and renounce, give the German government the paperwork and they continue the process of application that results in you having a passport. 
Relevant username
[German research group findings](http://www.forschungsgruppe.de/Umfragen/Politbarometer/Archiv/Politbarometer_2017/Juni_I_2017/) on German thoughts over our relationship to the US post-election:

In October 2016, 82% of respondents called the Germany-US relationship "good." In June 2017, it had dropped to 29%. A majority — 68% (in October 2016: 14%) — called it a "bad" relationship; numbers never seen before by this official (partially public funded) statistic group. 69% doubt that the US is a reliable partner under Trump on the subject of security in Europe. 79% believe international cooperation (on topics such as climate change, terrorism, and the refugee crisis) is in danger from the politics of the US president.
I dunno dude, what are your feelings on genocide?
Or even Chile maybe? OP pls explain
Not hard to pronounce, would just be pronounced differently (so ähnlich wie "toffie fie", wahrscheinlich).

Source: am Ami
Don't forget this gem:

>	56 Prozent der Bundesbürger bewerten die Beziehungen als eher oder sehr schlecht, in den USA tun das nur 22 Prozent

56% of German respondents rate the relationship [between Germany and the US] as mostly or very bad, in the US only 22% agree with this assessment.
[Yeah I don't think that that's true, dad](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75iv3RKQUAM) (sorry for quality)
In case this isn't a joke:

the timestamp on the incoming text is wrong and "sent from the future." It's not an actual prediction.
Du sprichst mir aus der Seele.
Warte, packen wir schon die Dialekte raus? 
I love living in Germany as a Jew. My standard of living is significantly higher, but I don’t go to the former East as a general rule.
Very common.
>That’s your President

>hah! I know, it’s not funny

>But sometimes, it is.

Rewritten as the haiku this was meant to be.
Right, this is from under a year ago. As I said in my initial comment, it takes longer than a year to learn German fluently to be functional in a workplace. 
>	After 15 years, refugee employment is estimated to average about 70 percent.

This is in the future tense. 
Well it’s been less than 2 years. It took me as an immigrant 5 to learn German to a professional level, now I’m an apprentice and have multiple Syrian refugees (who speak as good German as me after a year and a half!) in my trade school. Shit takes time, especially when you grapple with a new language and none of your qualifications or education carry over.