Robby’s reply makes me feel like this isn’t real but I really want it to be 
Ah maybe a lease? Still a little confusing lol 
Context: I am currently traveling in Italy so the page was initially in Italian then it translated to English. I assume this is some issue from translation but I found it hilarious nonetheless. 
Considering you posted this comment a few days ago, I don’t think I am capable of explaining what’s wrong with him supporting Trump. 

“jew trying to weaken the white man's spirit by making you think you should accept even the tiniest amount of degeneracy, jewry, or general nigger shit.”
“Bush doesn’t care about black people”

*rocks a MAGA hat*

5D chess
Love it, so cute! My wife and I have a tan goldendoodle who is 3 now and we want to get a black doodle sometime this year. 

If you don’t mind me asking, where did you get yours from and how much did you pay?
Hey there. I grew up in Ormond and still have friends and some family there. May be able to connect you with some roommates or perhaps another job depending on your skill set. Shoot me a DM and I’d be happy to help.

(Out of the country for the next week on my honeymoon so sorry if I don’t reply quickly). 
You can’t and it’s impossible to time the market. As a regular person try not to worry about it too much and don’t hoard your money in savings accounts or low yield investments out of fear. Yes, market corrections like 08 are awful, but as long as your investments are long term positions (I.e. retirement) you’ll be just fine and can ride them out.
Not really. The first point was a massive oversimplification & seemed to pin all the blame on Bush. I’m not a fan of the guy, but that’s shortsighted. You can look back at legislation passed under Reagan, Clinton & Bush that contributed to the recession. Those coupled with a myriad of other factors that /u/pfxjohn went into detail on were the big drivers. 
We should demand this of Southwest. #CustomerOfHealth
Add my boys and it’s the last 13. But we only have 2. 2014 still hurts. 
Because......technically I’m homeless
If I remember correctly Kirk Cousins sent that game into OT on a QB draw 2 point conversion? That was quite a game. 
This post would do great in r/zoomies
Thank you for telling me what content is mundane or interesting. All praise the Mods.
Your parents 100% know you casted porn to the tv and don’t want to have the awkward conversation so they accepted your lie. 
https://youtu.be/WbS9jZOlQjc
Yea this is so obviously racist. Idk why they don’t just have a picture that says “if there were no black people or Mexicans there would be no gun violence” and cut out the middle man. 
[I don’t think you guys were a double digit seed last year?](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2017/03/26/sports/25florida13/25florida13-superJumbo-v2.jpg)
If he’s talking about a government funded space exploration then great. But considering that his new budget proposal wants to end NASA funding for the ISS by 2025, I presume he’s just spewing nonsense. 
Nah pretty much just a space army seems pointless and dumb as shit 
Except Elon is testing groundbreaking rocket technology and Trump is just a blabbering maniac. 
Messages get sent & received faster. Never the issue of long messages going out of order / gifs or videos taking forever to send. Can share things like contacts, share your location, and use read receipts. One user on a non Apple device removes these features for everyone in the group. 
Uhhh. Bieber = as bad as Nickelback LMAO
<- Upshits to the left 
Wasn’t there a list of tons of companies that also did that? I can’t recall exactly but I remember being surprised at how many companies it was 
I’m guessing he saw some life insurance quote for $100k death benefit on a 25 year old for 12 bucks a month and is too senile to discern the difference and ran with it.
There is a GoFundMe for the family.

https://www.gofundme.com/anthonyborges
A tour guide when I went to the Taj Mahal told me his explanation. So I choose to believe that guy. 
That’s what’s so impressive about this one. A lot of guys have dunked from the free throw line. But none of them come close to Jordan’s form. 
I’d love to. Most of the time this happens is parking downtown after circling for 15 minutes. You see someone get in their car, you wait with your turn signal on, because that’s the best chance you’ll get at a parking spot
That’s totally fair. I never get frustrated when it’s an elderly couple, someone with kids, etc. because I get it. I also never honk or pressure someone, I just wait. The example you’re describing is totally reasonable. Like most things it’s a lot more gray than black and white. 

What I’m referencing that frustrates me is when it seems like someone is maliciously sitting in their car just to spite the person waiting for a spot.

There is no obligation. They’re well within their rights to take their sweet ass time. I just think purposefully wasting time to annoy someone in a crowded parking lot is a douche thing to do. And when the roles are reversed, I will try to speed up my “getting in the car” routine so they can park, just to be polite. The same way that if I’m in another crowded situation (people waiting behind me at the atm, in line for a restaurant, etc) I make an effort to be a bit faster just as a kind gesture because I know people are waiting. 

Again, no obligation on anyone’s part. Just seems like some people take offense to having others wait on them and get unnecessarily malicious about it. 
True, nobody is obligated. 

But I’ve been frustrated in situations where there is no other parking so I really don’t have any choice but to wait for someone, they see I’m waiting, and they take their sweet ass time leaving the spot. I’m talking like 5 minutes.

I’m not saying they’re obligated to leave their spot, I just think if the roles are reversed I make an effort to get out quickly as a common courtesy.
My fiancée actually works in advertising and I thought she made a good point.

All the girl has to say is: “what computer?”

Same message delivered. But I don’t hate the commercial and the little girl for being pretentious and/or stupid. 
“It’s the pattern in the pants”
Braked. 
What should he have broke? 
Do you even fucking Pemdas bro?
No pig parking
I remember asking this question in middle school and was told it was because the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans are at different levels and it would be catastrophic.

Even then I remember thinking that doesn’t make any sense.
We could play it on the gorilla channel! 
10? Idk I’m stupid as shit
It is. I was mowing the lawn as a kid and it ran out of gas. I hated walking all the way back to the garage to get gas so I had a brilliant idea, I’d just grab the coke I had and pour it in!

To my amazement it worked and I ran and told my dad the new and groundbreaking scientific discovery I had made.

I think that day he legitimately wondered if I was retarded. Also I fucked up our lawnmower and had to pay to get fixed. 
Haha my mistake I’m an idiot. I just saw that on the map near our hotel and assumed it was a district.

Thank you for the info, very helpful.
Thank you!
He’s just trying to make you guys better so it’s more of a challenge when he eventually spanks your ass in Jax. Hahahahaha i wanna die
Yup haha. Seems like once a year now I️ find myself defending my lack of sheets on reddit
I wanted to surprise her. We literally had no furniture in the apartment yet other than the bed since I had just moved in. The one set of sheets I had were in the wash. I put him on the bed maybe 2 min before she walked in the door. I was watching him diligently and he was never in danger of falling off the bed. I had just taken him out to go potty so I wasn’t worried about him peeing.

Jesus Christ, is this enough of an explanation? Would you like more details? 
It was a joke. I was just a recent grad that didn’t have some essentials like extra sheets. I got a good job and could comfortably afford a puppy. Best purchase I’ve ever made. 
A Goldendoodle
yea but I made mad youtube money from the video. 
You’re right. I had just graduated from college so I was lucky to have food and shelter. But we have a mattress cover now. 
I’m not sure about all of them but he was more of an apricot color when younger and now he is a light gold color. 
My video. My dog. My girlfriend (now fiancée).

She was parking, I figured “this might be a cute moment to save and show her family”, so I set up my iPad and filmed it.

Also you’re an asshole.
We’re engaged now actually. Read my other posts for clarity on the “surprise”, it wasn’t really like that.


This was my video. It wasn’t that kind of surprise puppy. We agreed to get the dog, decided on a name and everything. I went to the breeder and picked him up. When she asked about him I told her he was already sold. She was pretty heartbroken. 

That night was her last night of work in our college town in Gainesville and she drove to Tampa to move in with me. Which was where I surprised her with Leopold. She was tired and overworked and just broke down.
This was my video. It wasn’t that kind of surprise puppy. We agreed to get the dog, decided on a name and everything. I went to the breeder and picked him up. When she asked about him I told her he was already sold. She was pretty heartbroken. 

That night was her last night of work in our college town in Gainesville and she drove to Tampa to move in with me. Which was where I surprised her with Leopold. She was tired and overworked and just broke down.
He is a golden doodle. His name is Leopold. When I get off work I’ll link a pic of him all grown up (he’s 2.5 now and almost 80 lbs)

Edit: 
[Me and the fiancee at Thanksgiving](https://i.imgur.com/LdWC4L9.jpg)

[Leopold sleeping like a weirdo](https://i.imgur.com/F3SNG5s.jpg)
This was my video that I posted on YouTube actually!

The girl in the video is my fiancée now and we are getting married in April. When I have a second I’ll post an updated pic of Leopold (he’s 2.5 now and almost 80lbs)

Like every time this video gets posted people freak out about the sheets. That was the day we moved into the apartment and I had just graduated from college so I only had one set of sheets, which were in the wash at the time. I don’t sleep on a bed without sheets I’m not a monster 

Edit: 
[Me and the fiancee at Thanksgiving](https://i.imgur.com/LdWC4L9.jpg)

[Leopold sleeping like a weirdo](https://i.imgur.com/F3SNG5s.jpg)
Yea I am leaning to a rental right now. The private car seems like it could really put a hamper on other activities we had planned from a cost perspective 
Thank you very much for the advice!
You’re right. 

Syrup! 

LmfaoOOoOoOoOooo
I don’t disagree with your point about not hating someone because they suffer from pedophilia as long as they’ve never acted on it. And I don’t disagree with the importance of understanding the distinction. 

But those two sources you have that  “most child molesters aren’t pedophiles” and “most pedophiles aren’t child molesters” are both pretty trash. The first one I can barely describe as an opinion article. Just because it’s on a “academia” website doesn’t substantiate it as a source when it has that content.
Idk. Protectionism was never really on the Republican agenda and Trump is hammering that hard. Border security was but I️m pretty sure most republicans think the wall is moronic. And before Trump no major GOP candidate ever advocated for a Muslim ban.

Taxes, healthcare reform, deregulation, you’re absolutely right. But there are also a lot of key differences.
I think you’ll just endlessly keep replying to me
All I did was explain his reasoning for calling him out. You realize I’m not the same person right ya dumb bitch?
Didn’t take long, just a quick comment. You’re welcome but no thanks necessary. 
Its not "in a way he doesn't like", he is just calling out a liar. 

Its not a big deal, and it does not take long to confirm but liars should be called out. I dont know why you feel so obligated to defend the guy. He posted a cool pic and for some odd reason felt obligated to lie about it. 
It makes me so happy to know there are lifetime Spurs fans who can't enjoy their favorite sport anymore because Pop was mean to dear leader.
Yea. No. That's nonsense. Normally I wouldn't care and just let you go on thinking you're right but you're spreading dangerous misinformation.

Rather than pseudo science articles maybe check out some of these sources (NIH, Harvard, CDC)

https://www.niddk.nih.gov/health-information/weight-management/health-risks-overweight

https://www.hsph.harvard.edu/obesity-prevention-source/obesity-consequences/health-effects/

https://www.cdc.gov/healthyweight/effects/index.html
That doesn't change the fact that she would be even more healthy if she also achieved a healthy weight. And it looks like she's trying to do that, which is great to see. 
Nah it's cuz he's the Champ 
Fun fact: Tennessee has never beaten Will Muschamp 
Or just be a fucking moron
He was never the most accurate, didn't go through progressions, couldn't read a defense. He was ranked highly because he has a fucking howitzer for an arm, so it's not surprising that it's taking him more time than others to learn the position.  But I still expected more than this. 

I don't think Mac is a failure at developing QBs (as evidenced by Grayson at CSU & the glimpses we saw from Grier), but he also isn't innocent in Franks' shortcomings. Like most things the truth probably lies somewhere in the middle. 
I'm not sold on Mac and I'm very frustrated at the offense, but I don't think this is really fair. 

In Macs first season we had 3 scholarship O-lineman. During his first 2 seasons Mac's QBs were Treon/Applebees/Luke Del Rio. When we had Grier we showed glimpses of what our offense was capable of.

Now he has Franks who came out of HS as a very raw prospect, and he clearly hasn't been able to pick up the offense yet.

I do put that on the coaches to an extent, but before we burn down the swamp I think we should give him a little more time. 
Agreed. I was just trying to be nice & meet. He made the interaction frustrating and was a dick. So I just blocked him and moved on.
Well it's 30 min from my office. Which is the opposite direction from my house (puts me an hour away from my house). And he wanted to meet on a weekday and I get off work after 7. So I was trying to avoid a long drive 
I'm the seller
No he works 30 min away. He wanted me to come to him. The second choice was near where he lives.
Idk how much experience you have with FB marketplace but this isn't out of the norm for me. Idk it was malicious, but I'd guess he's just a fucking moron like 90% of the people I've dealt with.

Example:

Him: I'm interested in this item
Me: great it's still available. Where are you located? I can try & meet halfway
Him: tomorrow
Me: okay that should work. I'm in X, where are you?
Him: hi
Me: hi. I'm in X. Where can you meet?
Him: I work at [location that is 30 min away from me]
Me: well that's a bit far for me? Could you maybe meet me at Y?
Him: no. I can meet near my house [second location that is 45 minutes away from me]
Me: yea that's even further away. Any chance you can meet me in the middle?
Him: [first location that's 30 min away]

At which point I blocked him. Scary thing is, this interaction is completely normal from my experience. 

Edit: added some clarification 
Right now I'm hung over & spent 4.5 hours driving & $130 to watch my team get embarrassed at home so  I'm kinda in the opposite boat. But the song was cool
I was at the game. What I found interesting was right before this there was quite the conflict in the stadium. 

LSU's band was intentionally playing while Florida fans normally do their "we are the boys of old Florida" tradition. No rule against it but it's kind of an unspoken rule to not play during other schools tradition. UF fans were upset and proceeded to boo & heckle the LSU band / fans. Which then went back & forth. 

But once the music started. Everyone just shut up and sang along together 
Unless it's me of course 
Did anyone read even the first sentence of the article? Belkin makes the adaptor. 

I think the no headphone jack is retarded. But this is just click bait
Fat people that want to believe 
I missed the replay. Really looked like targeting live time. Was the reversal right?
There's a lot of reasons.

One being expense. Not just the cost of the camera but the cost of storing the massive amounts of data. 

Some police are opposed because it eliminates their ability to use discretion. To not ruin a kids life over a joint and just throw it away rather than arresting him.

Some shitty cops are opposed to body cams because they want to continue to be shitty cops with no consequences, you're right. But most cops are good people just trying to do their job and a body cam would make that easier.

Body cams on all cops would be great. But it's not a black and white simple issue that will be solved overnight. It takes time, and we've already seen a lot of progress in a short amount of time. 
Yea I could be. I became a big fan of his last year. Never seen a player take a beating like he did and keep getting up 
I think you could be underestimating Francois. As much as I hate to say it he's an elite QB. Yeah he didn't have a great game last week but that was Bama. 

I hear you that maybe FSU's supporting cast wasn't as good as some people suspected. But Francois could be a first round QB, Blackman did well in what he was asked to do but he isn't close to Francois imo. 
Lol naaaah. Maybe it looked that way but I promise you not having Francois severely limited the playcalling and offense as a whole. You win that game with Francois 
Went to school at the University of Florida. Alligators on campus was a regular occurrence. You'd see them in the lake or sometimes crossing the road.

There was one in particular that lived in a small pond on my walk to the dining hall. I'm pretty sure that gator survived solely on whatever leftover food drunk students threw into the pond. 
Me!
Lol you're pathetic dude. To be clear this is not directed at FSU & completely unrelated to football. You are pathetic.

Go ahead, freak out and bash the Gators. 
Isn't there somewhere in the middle? Couldn't they move him to office work with a demotion? I in no way condone his actions and find what he said appalling, but assuming he has a good record as an officer and has served his community for years, just feels harsh to terminate him over one tasteless comment. 

And insinuating that because he had a momentary lack in judgment regarding an inappropriate comment means he will have a lapse in judgement when it comes to shooting a person seems like quite the reach.


Yea this was the impression I got as well. 100% inappropriate and should not be tolerated but taking the guys job and ability to provide for his family for a stupid sarcastic comment during a momentary lack in judgment feels too severe.
I visited a few months back and it was pretty absurd how many homeless there were. Did things get worse after weed was legalized or has it always been like that?
I read it. Thanks for the neat info ya bitch
Idk. Boomers are getting to that prime age now of sitting home all day and getting terrified by daytime TV news, and there are a shit load of them
I met the guy in the Albert suit back in college in 2011 (so definitely a different guy).

He offered me a hit from his blunt. He was a cool gata.
I'm pretty sure he blames them for getting fired from his job at Taco Bell
I think by this point a lot of them are embarrassed and hoping for a way out. They use this as an excuse to jump ship but they've probably seen the writing on the wall for some time.

I by no means excuse the fact that anyone was idiotic enough to vote for that narcissistic maniac, but at least it's 1 less vote he gets (hopefully).
So you're saying your dad is a republican, got it

/s
Some of them carry around fucking Nazi flags and call themselves patriotic. 
You joke but they will 100% believe this 
Yea I'm pretty sure I'd die in that gym before my uncoordinated ass hit 400 3 pointers
Any form of physical exertion is too much effort for her
That's what's amazing to me. She just accepted the fall the same way my 2 year old niece does. 
They had OBJ, Jarvis & Jeremy Hill on the same offense. That's just insane to me. 
It's almost like billion dollar companies know more than memes
I GOT A FEVER 
Everyone strap in for a wild ride
Sorry I didn't know countries outside the US had cars & roads. I'll try to be more considerate in be future. 
She's the type of person who goes slow in the left lane, causes tons of traffic behind her and has absolutely no clue.
https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/250975772083380226
And after the call the head of the boyscouts gave Trump $100 and everyone clapped
Yea Obama probably would have thought it was fucking hilarious 
Thanks so much for all the info.

Is it extremely inconvenient to have a car over there? We were thinking of staying in Positano and then taking day trips out to Pompeii, Sorrento, and maybe a drive down the Amalfi coast. 

Is it worth it to rent a car or would you say it's more hassle than it's worth?
Fields will probably win a Heisman but we can't hold his spot forever. He's visited all the schools that top his list multiple times now. It's time to pick one. If Corral wants to commit you take him. I just hope Fields doesn't end up at FSU, but it's starting to feel like that will happen.
The GOP will support him until supporting him is more politically damaging than denouncing him. And as long as +70% of republicans support him, every horrible thing he does is just noise.

Each Republican is worried about reelection and keeping themselves in power. And now they're in a corner; denounce Trump and you probably won't even be representing your own party come midterms, support him and you've tied yourself to his sinking ship.

I personally find it poetic. 
God that makes me so depressed. Back when we all agreed on what constituted news and people like her had the mic taken out of their hands, not turned up. 
I do because I'm dank. He just got a graduate degree from MIT so he is probably too busy with nerd stuff like reading or learning. 
Not me, my buddy. Ive got a fiancé and missed the whole Tinder game. 

To my knowledge I don't think they banged.
"Heavy is the head that wears the crown"
They're actually Goldendoodles but they look very similar. 

One is a doodle. 

2 or more is O O D L E S - O F - D O O D L E S
Take tons of videos. We took tons of pics but I feel like we barely have any videos. You'll never regret having too many. Have fun!
S L I T H E R Y B O Y E
My friends and I did it the last 2 years, while it's fun we won't be doing it again.

The biggest issue imo is the lack of parity in college. Average QB vs FCS team often outscores a top QB playing in conference. Schedule plays a MUCH bigger role in college fantasy than NFL. 

Then there's also the golden ticket guys like Lamar Jackson last year. Yes in NFL guys like Zeke are difference makers, but Lamar Jackson was dropping like 50 points a week. You have him? You pretty much win the season no matter what. 

While I love the idea, it just never really worked.
This one was pretty epic in my completely unbiased opinion 

https://youtu.be/KFcXcnfl-E4
Maybe you're uglier in real life than in your pics?
Is this expected to pass? I'd suspect the GOP won't be a big supporter of redrawing the lines as they seemed to have benefited them in the last election.
Tons of old people. Drivers seem constantly terrified so they hammer their brakes and cause traffic. Florida is a state where rain will slow down the whole highway as everyone goes 40 and turns on their hazards. 
Holy shit! My mom just moved out of Palmer. She lived there for about 5 years, right off old Glenn highway next to Matanuska River. 

Here are some pics I have. 

http://i.imgur.com/gl9dRQj.jpeg

http://i.imgur.com/MdHfISK.jpeg


Trump is talking about his friends and family when he says "our", not the United States. 
Yea but I bet there were some pretty dope explosions though 
I've really hated McCain's hypocrisy. But thinking about it, wouldn't we prefer a relatively sane voice in the GOP expressing concern?

If McCain were to vote against these bills they'd consider it betraying the party, and he would never be given any credibility within the party ever again. He would lose donors and not stand a chance when he's up for re-election. 

I'd prefer to have congressmen that vote in the best interest of the American people, I'd prefer if he could vote against these measures and not be politically executed. But unfortunately that's the world we live in, and a LOT of republican voters won't even listen to someone who has a D next to their name. So I think the impact of McCain's dissenting comments shouldn't be taken so lightly. 
I just want to not know with a virtual certainty who will win the NBA finals.
A decade of the GOP painting Hillary as the anti-Christ. 
It's because Jordan set the standard of perfect and he is what the greats are compared against.

I found [this tweet](https://twitter.com/espnstatsinfo/status/875027874797039616) pretty interesting regarding that subject. Not to take anything away from Jordan, he's still the GOAT imo. But it did shed some light how Lebron may be treated unfairly
The way we looked at it, we'd rather make mortgage payments that contribute to equity in a home, plus enjoy the appreciation of the asset and make student loan payments a bit longer than keep throwing money away on rent and pay off the student loans faster. 


My fiancé has about 50k in student loans. We bought a house a few years ago (20% down plus home appreciation has given us decent equity) and between that and our savings we have a net worth in the positive. We don't make a ton of money, we just save. 
For comparison the Warriors were +2800 in preseason of that year.
I've still never heard a conspiracy theorist explain why they would need to put explosives in WTC7. 

If it was actually an inside job did they really think "okay we have planes en route to destroy both towers and the pentagon so we can start a war for oil. But ya know? That isn't enough. Let's also be sure to detonate bombs beneath WTC7.

Edit: aaaaand I've pissed off the crazies 
Yea it's the opposite where I work in the States, especially in Finance which is a bit of an outlier. We technically get an hour lunch break, but I usually eat at my desk. I already work until about 7pm every night so if I'm not working through lunch it'll be even later.

Myself and another analyst got reprimanded yesterday because we went to lunch together and were out of the office for 11 minutes and the CEO happened to call our office during that time. He was furious nobody was available and we are now told we should stagger our lunches so someone is always available. Enjoy the Netherlands.
OP WE HATE YOU
"If I knew I'd have to help clean up I never would've supported the Nazi party!"
ThatsTheJoke.Jpeg
And let that be a lesson to you. Nobody holds the gators to 1 point 
You really can't see the difference? Lebron's super team lost in the finals, and when they won it was still competitive. 

This is a GS team who set the regular season record, added Durant, and is about to likely sweep the second best team in the NBA in the finals. 

I have no horse in this race but GS has made the NBA boring to me. 
B O O P O V E R L O R D S
[ummm](http://images1.cliqueclack.com/tv/files/2011/05/funnybot.jpg)
Idk she was old as shit 
I honesty don't remember how much I paid I was too high.

Here's a link to their menu.

http://www.coffeeshopmenus.org/Boerejonges/Menus/Boerejongens.html
Boerejonges. Here's their menu

http://www.coffeeshopmenus.org//Menus/Boerejongens.html
Pls give us more pics of your basement. This is fascinating 
I was just in Amsterdam and bought some weed from this "coffeeshop". I really enjoyed the environment they created. Seems like something you'd like to see more of in the states, OP

http://i.imgur.com/dkxPWJH.jpeg
She was with her family at palace of Versailles. Looked like just a confused tourist. Although that's probably exactly what she wanted us to think. 
I hate that it's becoming so normal.

"Oh our President was a colossal moron again today"

¯\_(ツ)_/¯

Yea who cares about tourism when you can get that sweet sweet absolute power. 
Sweet thanks 
I think it's still alarming considering the litany of failures he's had. He lied to their faces on almost every issue and yet 84 fucking percent still like the guy. My republican coworker doesn't eve talk to me about politics anymore, he just shuts down and says "it's too early to tell" and "still better than Hillary".

I had hope that Trumps presidency would open people's eyes but at a certain point we just have to accept that the majority of his base is far too dumb to ever realize they've been conned. I mean if they couldn't see his incompetence and deceit during the election, or even now, I don't think they ever will.

My hope is that the group of people who voted for him because he was "something different" or the people who couldn't vote for Hillary bc the GOP spent 2 decades painting her as the poster child for corruption in American politics will come out and vote against Trump in the next election. We need to stop trying to change the minds of the morons in the Deep South, accept they won't ever change, and hopefully they'll all die when Trump slashes the programs they depend on. 
"Ahhh yes. Feline cerebellar hypoplasia, just what I was thinking..."
University of Florida grad checking in. This wasn't an uncommon outfit in the summer at all. 
I want the rules changed so that the Warriors are bad. Then once that team breaks up we can change em back
I think Lebron will keep things interesting, but I can't imagine a scenario where the Warriors don't win. It took the Cavs 7 games last year, now add a fully healthy Curry & Durant? 
I work in executive benefits. There is no need to go offshore. More than enough "loopholes" in the US to work with. 
Yea I had a pretty easy childhood. When I was a kid I would've wanted was a dumbass to play video games with. I can crush it in that role as is.
If there was a walkout planned, regardless of the speaker, if I could get out and not have to sit through that boring shit without being judged I'd 100% participate. 

We beat him enough to share 
It's 408 weeks or just under 8 years with a 5% discount rate. 
Also once I tweeted him a pic I edited of his touchdown against Tennessee. He didn't respond then used it as his twitter pic for months. So naturally he's dead to me now. 
Looks like a puppy store. My fiancés friend got her doodle from a place like this, the poor dog had tons of health problems that cost them a fortune at the vet. She just got diagnosed with hip dysplasia as well. 

OP, if this is a puppy store I would strongly advise against supporting it. Breeders are definitely the way to go. Far less health issues and you don't support that awful industry. 
Sounds about right. I saw a woman getting off the metro in DC once. She looked completely panicked. Desperately reaching out to commuters looking for help. I started to walk over but then I saw another woman start talking to her so I just went on to work.

But then I see her again the next week. Same metro station. Same panicked look. I see this woman probably once a week for a year. She must really get stuck in the metro a lot. 
It's better to have the kid. 

According to [this](http://www.supportstudies.com/CaliforniaChildSupportCalculator.aspx) based on his current contract of [about 12.5 Million](http://www.spotrac.com/nba/los-angeles-lakers/jordan-clarkson-15398/) he will pay $1,569,120 a year. If we assume he plays for 10 more years then retires and gives her nothing for the following 8 years of the child's life it'll be an NPV of $12,116,328 with a 5% discount rate. 

Even if you assume he only plays out his contract and she only gets paid for the next 3 years, it's still an NPV of $4,273,102.95. 

Based on [this](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/money/2017/01/09/pf/cost-of-raising-a-child-2015/index.html) high income families can expect to pay $372,210 to raise a child. So you deduct that and she's netting 3,900,892.95.

Why do I do these things 
I loved them when they were poor and recorded out of that shit hole apartment. Loved when they had "press conferences" with a microphone taped to a water cooler. The bigger they've gotten the less interested I've been, not sure why. 

Maybe I appreciated the novelty of it. Maybe I'm a sports hipster bitch. 
Actually the federal budget deficit (a much better metric than total debt in assessing immediate budget impacts) pretty steadily declined during Obama's presidency. [source](http://federal-budget.insidegov.com/d/d/Barack-Obama).


Use this one for 79 days

https://youtu.be/bV0YvPnmZsU
You should shellac yourself with makeup and get blasted with light to soften up all those features.


OP if you could give us your uncles social security number and credit card info that would be a big help too.
Damn you're copy/pasting that comment into every thread huh?
It's less of "giving the democrats anything" and more of making their donors happy. They want to pay less taxes and don't care how it happens.
"It was no longer on the table"
Why?
"If you refuse to leave a seat that you paid for we will forcibly remove you & your wife, arrest you, and your children will be put in foster care. Because that's policy."

You don't see the problem?
I get that. But then once they realize the situation they use some common sense & say "hey, the guy who bought the seat is here, he wants to put his infant in a car seat in the seat he paid for (which we recommend on our own website), so in this situation we won't put another passenger in the seat" 

Why was that never an option? 
They're always in the right policy wise. It's the policy that's fucked up. That's why United had major policy changes after the outrage over their incident.
Couldn't delta just leave the seat technically "empty" and not give it to someone else? If they did that they'd be violating a rule by the FAA? 


See Comcast
Haha so so true
You should watch "Man in the High Castle" 
When my bank comes calling for the mortgage payment I'll ask if a rich person ever has to deal with that harassment! 
W was not a good president at all, and it's very sad this is the standard, but I'd still take him 100x over Trump. 
If he attacks NK they will level Seoul. Millions will die. I definitely hope that doesn't happen. 
My theory is that he's slowly dialing up the difficulty.

"Ok now let's see if I can win a Super Bowl with all white receivers"
Everything I heard from people who interacted with him said he was a complete sack of shit. My sister watched him beat a guy bloody on the floor of a bar in Gainesville for no apparent reason. Then obviously  the murders happened.

His story is depressing but you reap what you sow. As brutal as it sounds the world is a better place without him. 
Well said. 
This game is endless. What it comes down to is they root for a sports team, not a political party. Their team won, so that means they are winners. That's how they see it and they don't give a fuck about anything else.

Im guilty of it myself, but we all need to stop obsessing over the hypocrisy and just accept that they will never change.

I mean let's be honest. If facts or evidence mattered to these people they wouldn't have voted for that dipshit to begin with. 
He ran out of gas
My coworker voted for Trump. He's not vocal about it so I use him as my punching bag for all things Trump related and blame him personally. It doesn't help the office dynamic but it's a fun way to vent.

His response is always the same "I just want to wait and see man. Too early to tell"

Nah...it's not. 
Yea I don't want to work at a KFC in Alabama. 
I forgot how much I hated pick up tokens. God that shit was terrible.
Got removed because they said it violated rule #4 about no police brutality. Which begs the question, why is that even a rule? 
Because $
I notice more than half the comments on here have been removed. Is that common? Why are all these comments getting taken down?
NO! I've had a fender bender! Can't you see that we must leave every vehicle exactly as it was so the crime scene investigators can do their job. Everyone else can wait. /s
When I'm joking around with my fiancé & she thinks I'm serious and gets all worked up - then when she finally realizes I'm joking and gives me this frustrated smile look. 

I'm sitting here grinning like an idiot right now just thinking about it. 
"Oooh look at me! I'm Michigan! We don't kill our citizens!"

Show off.
They do shed a bit, but much less than a golden. We have family that are allergic to dogs & they don't seem to have much of an issue with our dog.
Well in this scenario someone might die because they stopped receiving a basic human need: fucking food. So we can have more money for a goddamn wall. And as a result they can't vote. 

But I get the stupid joke you're making. Ha! Hilarious! 
Oh no I'm not in any way implying public or private companies should be replacing Government in any capacity he recommended. Sorry if it came off like that. 
Interesting. 
Do you happen to have any sources? We never learned about this in US history class so I find it very interesting, would love to read more. 
Yup looks like you're right. My bad. 
They'll starve to death before they can vote again.
Can you clarify the Manhattan project part of your comment? 
"Man ... you really should study up on inferential logic :\" was pretty patronizing, I feel like it makes sense in that sub. 
It's okay we all make mistakes! :)
But this is a personal income tax form. The Trump company is separate from that. This just represents income he was paid from his company, correct?
I'm confident these were leaked by the Trump admin. It "exonerates" him from all the accusations and doesn't reveal anything actually damaging. 
I think that's just an age thing. The same reason my idiot coworker won't stop talking about how drunk he got last weekend. Immaturity. 
That's everyone's experience though. That's the point. The reason you don't know any recreational drug users that "don't talk about it", is precisely that, because they aren't talking about it.
You're making quite the assumption. There are a lot of people who do recreational drugs and don't talk about it. You know why you haven't heard about them? Because they don't talk about. 
You're completely missing the point. I'm not denying that Bush did fucked up things or defending him. The joke is:

-Did fucked up things
-Press attacks him
-Still doesn't denounce the press 

Say what you will about this apparent conspiracy that Bush colluded with the press to push his Iraq agenda (I didn't watch your YouTube link with 400 views). Even if that's true, Bush was torched night in and night out by the media in his second term (rightfully so), and he never called it "fake news". His polling numbers tanked and he never called them "fake polls".

I don't admire him, I don't like him at all, but none of that is necessary to understand the joke.

It's a joke, about a former president, in a sub called political humor. Relax dude. 
I'm not a fan of Bush in any way shape or form, but I find this amusing. 

That's the whole point of this joke. Bush made poor decisions and got slammed by the media for it, but he still respects the free press. Our current president is publicly denouncing almost every major news network, it's appalling. You don't have to love Bush to appreciate the joke.

You all sound smug AF by the way. 
The GOP did a good job of making HRC the poster child for corruption in American politics. The Trump supporters I know acknowledge that every action Trump is taking, or every tweet he makes, is idiotic, but it always ends with "whatever, I still wouldn't have voted for Hillary". People fucking hate her.
Wow thanks so much. I'll forward this to my fiancée she will be very appreciative. 

Cantillon is actually more for my friend, I don't care much for sours. He's a huge beer fan & I was planning on going over there to grab him a couple. But thanks for the heads up about the neighborhood, that may change things. 
Thanks! Appreciate it
Thanks! Big help.
Leo is actually an F1 also. I think it just depends on the pup. 
We agreed to get the pup, I was supposed to pick him up & told her he was already sold when I got there to get him. Then I surprised her when she got home. 
We are still together & we are engaged now actually. 
Yea she keeps telling me that. She will probably find you & upvote your comment. 
Yea every time we watch this video we get sad about how little he was and how now he's a big asshole who does stuff like [this](http://i.imgur.com/LO9tLH1.jpeg) 
He was only up there a few minutes and I think I'd just taken him to go potty before putting him up there. I didn't really plan the video, more just did it at the last second. 
He's a goldendoodle. Half golden retriever half poodle. 
Leo is the standard size (bred with a standard poodle). But you can also get medium and mini goldendoodles
I had the idea to video it last second and that was the best spot for the video & the door. I didn't really think much of it at the time since he was only up there a few minutes. No accidents! 
lol appreciate it. This was actually 2 years ago so we are in a house now & the pup is an adult. There were no sheets on the bed because all our sheets were in the wash at the time. 
I put the dog on the bed because it was a good angle for the video, we dont ever sleep on a bed with no sheets. 
This is the first time I've seen it on reddit, other than the time I posted it a couple years ago. 
Goldendoodle. Half Golden retriever, half standard poodle. 
Thanks! Yea he is 75lbs now and we are thinking that's as big as he will get since he just turned 2
Not what happened at all. Refer to my other post which explains the "surprise". 

Agreed that a surprise dog isn't smart, but Leo is still with us and still loved. 


This was actually my video. We had picked out the exact dog we were getting. On the day I was going to pick him up my gf (now fiancé) had to work her last shift at work in our college town before moving in with me so she couldn't go with to pick him up.

That day I went to pick up the dog. Except I told her when I got there they had already sold the one we picked out. Hence the "surprise", while we had also agreed on getting the pooch & even agreed on a name.

Here are some updated pics of Leopold.

http://i.imgur.com/iDFM4rs.jpeg

http://i.imgur.com/DFIC1YB.png

http://i.imgur.com/onvbQkP.jpeg

http://i.imgur.com/F1z9VPN.jpeg
Yes! He's a goldendoodle & his name is Leopold. 

Here are some pics.

http://i.imgur.com/iDFM4rs.jpeg

http://i.imgur.com/DFIC1YB.png

http://i.imgur.com/onvbQkP.jpeg

http://i.imgur.com/F1z9VPN.jpeg
FYI. It was my video. You were right, we had just moved in. 
This was my video. That was literally our second night in the apartment. Dipshit. 
This is the correct answer. We had just moved in.
We had just moved. Sheets were in the wash.
We had just moved in. This is actually my video. We own sheets, they were just all in the wash at the time. 
Crazy! This is my video. She is now my fiancé!

Here are some updated pics of Leo!

http://i.imgur.com/iDFM4rs.jpeg

http://i.imgur.com/DFIC1YB.png

http://i.imgur.com/onvbQkP.jpeg

http://i.imgur.com/F1z9VPN.jpeg
"I was given that information"
This guy is from Tampa. He used to sit outside the Home Depot near my apartment.

This gives some info:

http://www.liberalmountain.com/us-news/confusing-protest-nigger-racing-home-depot
Beautiful backdrop! Where was this picture taken?

Also adorable doodle you have there, mine has only seen snow once but he loved it!
My (admittedly anecdotal) experience with the homeless makes me question what percent is actively trying/willing to improve their circumstances.

My father owned an office in Florida. And for the 26 years he owned the business whenever a homeless person would ask for money he would give them his card, point out where his office is located (usually only a few blocks away), and tell them he'd pay them $15 an hour to come and do some yard work for him. After those 26 years and dozens and dozens of homeless given the offer, 0 showed up to work. Zero.

I can't argue that a house will improve their circumstances and their ability to land a job. But my experience makes me question what percent are truly willing/capable of making the lifestyle changes necessary to permanently escape homelessness. 

For many just a house & a job isn't enough - mental illness, drug abuse, poor education - there are a litany of issues that also need to also be addressed to realize permanent change.
Same reason I jerk off 
Well too late. You're going to hell now.
/s
I put my real name & email too. 
I was a little concerned but I don't want them to try & discount surveys because they have fake names or email addresses. 
Ok. The company we bought them for is [here](http://beercaptrap.com/) but they don't sell them on their website? Maybe try emailing them?


But I found them online for sale [here](http://woodenshoedesigns.com/product/do-you-respect-wood-larry-david-inspired-curb-your-enthusiasm-inspired-coasters-all-natural-wood-drink-coasters-in-color/), however, I only paid $10 for a set of 4 so that's kind of a rip off. 
My fiancé took a picture of the tent but she is drunk and asleep right now. When she wakes up I'll ask her the name & report back. They may have a website 
One of the vendors at this event in Tampa, FL.

http://www.beerandbourbon.com/florida/show-info-0
What
This post is shit.
[I've made a huge mistake](http://i.imgur.com/GCa5BZA.jpeg)
I think part of the reason it gets more attention is how organized the holocaust was. The planning & execution of the camps, gas chambers, trains, furnaces; it's a horrifyingly efficient genocide of a people thought to be inferior humans.

Whereas what Stalin & Mao did is also awful, it was more a result of gross mismanagement of the state, or killing those who spoke out against the government. 
Yea but that's the craziest thing. He can completely contradict himself and dispute anyone that calls him out on it as "false news". You really can't imagine him tweeting: 

Unfortunately the FAKE COURT denied my first ban, so to protect America from the "bad dudes" I have had to make some amendments. We will MAGA

His supporters will eat that shit up.
Yea who could imagine Trump doing something illogical. 
Yeah but OP needed to let us know it's still the best Venn Diagram. He scours the internet for Venn diagrams & is kind enough to keep us updated on the changes in the world of Venn diagrams. Thanks OP!
Was he staged? It felt staged. 
Are you sure? [this](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2016/11/11/politics/popular-vote-turnout-2016/index.html) says the opposite.

Although CNN is fake news as Lord God King Trump has declared.
One could argue they'd be more screwed by allowing that maniac to be the face of their party for the next 4 years.
DAE LIONS ARE BAD LMFAO.

I don't even care about the lions but this is just terrible low hanging fruit. Also shit title, OP. 
That was the plan. But we procrastinated & ended up pouring vodka into the bottles in my friends parents driveway the morning we were leaving. They even noticed the giant stain on the cement where we poured out the Listerine & we tried to play dumb. We were fucking idiots.
We snuck vodka onto a cruise in Listerine bottles & took disgusting minty fresh shots for 5 days in the name of getting drunk, so I found the scene relatable. 
If Steve Brannon does cause a horrible war I will reflect to this moment, back when he was just "the fat guy"
You gotta spoiler tag that dude!!!
/s
Weeeeeell fuck. Gotta call & cancel now. Thanks 
Thanks! Appreciate it.

And unfortunately I'm all too aware of that. A few years ago my dad has an incorrect spelling of his name on his passport, didn't realize it & bought the ticket with his correct name. We get to security and they ask about the name misspelling to which he replies "oh don't worry about it". 
My dad: the middle eastern guy. Yea I'm sure that'll be sufficient for them. 

That was a fun 4 hours waiting in security. 
Stick is life.
Trump: The politicians that are all talk and no action are a thing of the past!

People: ok sweet can you release your tax returns like you said you would if you ran for president?

Trump: nah 
Keep in mind the key differences between a 401k & a Roth IRA.

Roth money goes in post tax, grows tax free, pay 0 taxes when you withdraw, 401k money goes in pre tax, grows tax free, pay tax on it as ordinary income when you retire. You will always pay taxes on it, Roth taxes on the front end, 401k taxes on the back end.

This should be taken into consideration if your employer offers no match, or you plan on putting away more than the employer matches.

Basically if you are young right now, and considering that in the long term tax increases are necessary to mitigate the national debt, it's more than likely that: 1. All tax brackets will be higher by the time you retire & 2. You will likely have a higher income in retirement than you will at a young age early in your career. One could make the argument that once you're no longer getting the "free money" from the employer match, your additional retirement savings should go toward a Roth IRA ($5,500 max annual contribution).

Also make sure you pay attention to fund manager fees when picking your 401k lineup. I've see a lot of people waste a lot of money on funds with stupid high money manager fees.
Nah I just suck dick at trading
None of us know what we're doing.
http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/429/009/081.png
You should fix the shitty misspelled statement so I don't have to read the mistakes when I refer back.
This will probably get buried but it's incredible so I have to share.

In class in 9th grade 3 of my friends were complete morons. They're smart guys, they just thought it was funny to act like idiots in the class.

One day the teacher asks "can anyone name some 20th century wars?"

Friend 1: The War of 1812

Teacher: please stop

Friend 2: The revolutionary war?

Teacher: ...

Friend 3: The Crusades?

Teacher : *flips desk and screams*

"If you want to fucking joke then fucking joke"

*walks out*

*gets suspended for the rest of the year*
http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-1Z3XFZZNHWI/Vgo1hyfjyRI/AAAAAAAAUHo/lTGhjIKaNJQ/s1600/i-want-it-now.gif
Exactly this. The hassle of getting everyone to use whatsapp isn't worth it/practical. iMessage keeps me on apple products. 
:(
Looks like a Dodge Ram in the background. So I'd guess Texas*

Edit: redditor beneath me is smarter than I am 
Yep. The blind speculation of a former CIA interrogator is all we need.


Has anyone read the article? It's just the opinion of a CIA interrogator. There wasn't an actual "death warrant" signed the day after 9/11.

You can criticize the war all you want, but this article is click bait trash.

Edit: Ugh. No I didn't think there was a physical 'death warrant', I just think it's a little crazy to make that the headline because one CIA analyst 'thinks' that. It's a sensationalist & pretty much baseless claim. 
Depends on the breeder. For a general rule yes, but very little compared to Goldens. I had a golden as a kid and I'd say our doodle sheds 1/10th of him. 
Very true! We have to brush ours pretty frequently. I'd say daily or at least every other day to make sure he doesn't get matted. 

It's not much of an inconvenience as we just do it as we're watching tv at night. 

The bonus to brushing him so frequently is he is the softest dog I've ever felt. Like an alpaca.
I believe it's about 10-15 years. And thanks! He's a cute pup (almost 2 now), but also has no idea how big he is and is going 110mph all the time. Bull in a China shop. 
Yep a Goldendoodle! Ours is a first generation crossbreed. So a golden retriever and standard poodle. Some get second generations (I believe called F2) which is a goldendoodle mixed with a poodle. You can also get medium or miniature Goldendoodles, ours is the big size (about 75lbs but they can be bigger). Also very little shedding which is nice. 

Fantastic, friendly, highly intelligent dogs with a TON of energy. 

Here is a video of me surprising my fiancé with our pup: https://youtu.be/oz9kNsjI9HQ
Yep. Goldendoodle. Here is mine as proof and also cuz he's cute AF. 

http://i.imgur.com/iDFM4rs.jpeg

http://i.imgur.com/DFIC1YB.png

http://i.imgur.com/onvbQkP.jpeg

http://i.imgur.com/F1z9VPN.jpeg
I got banned from /r/me_irl for my username. No idea why. 

Fuck that sub anyways. It's garbage. /r/meirl is a nice replacement 

I find myself reading this sub every now & again even though I don't agree with everything. 

I completely agree with what you're saying for the most part; the system is very broken. With crippling student loan debt, a broken healthcare system, and a ever growing wage gap something absolutely needs to change. People who use their anecdotal experiences to justify the system are pretty disconnected. 

Where I struggle to agree is the sense of doom & gloom on the sub. The idea that no matter what you do, you are destined to fail. The system makes it extremely difficult for those not born into the right family to succeed, but it's not impossible as many would suggest. 

This still doesn't mean we shouldn't address these core issues in our society, I'd just say you may lose a lot of would-be supporters due to some of the more extreme views on this sub.
Post an album as your follow up post & then comment with a link to more. That way you get that sweet sweet comment karma too.
Hcebot ban
Get a free Bloomin' Onion!
Can't believe I had to go this far down to find this. Get your shit together, Reddit.
Honest question. When was the last time both teams leading rushers were white?
FSU's O-line is pretty bad so that should make what he's doing more impressive.
My concern with him, is that a lot of the chunk yardage he gets is when the hole isn't there so he outruns everyone to the edge. I just don't see that translating to the NFL. I think he may experience a rough rookie year with a lot of negative plays.
And they pick a man who has pledged to donate 99% of his wealth after he dies. A man who supports higher taxes on the rich. 
Why are so many comments deleted?
[Footage of his tragic death](http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/arrested-development-wussy.gif)
Prob dead.
The account has existed for 4 days and they've commented nothing & reposted 2 things. Most likely a fake account.
Probably shouldn't have let your mom up there.
Next week:

Biden: can I haz cheeseburger??
Cat: yes lmao you're the Vice President 
[nah](http://i.imgur.com/c4jt321.jpg)
If I give a girl the morning after pill do I get a bicycle or something? 
Cmon man! Homeless veterans with PTSD! Lmaooo
It's a riot! 
SEC SEC SEC
So you're saying we need to make the donald hate fat people...
I wouldn't be surprised if he is already. Trump seems to want to delegate as much of the work as possible to Pence.
What happened to the other sub? Am I out of the loop? 
Damn that's one cool ass kid
I've been struggling with this for months. I've come to the conclusion that it's because they're fucking morons.
Yup. Unfortunately that's true. Without regulation we will only continue to see tuition prices balloon until its unsustainable and the student loan bubble bursts. 
I completely agree. There are many public universities in the states that are excellent as well. I was just saying I think private universities can still exist and provide a great education, there just needs to be something done to curb the rising cost of tuition 
$8k a month for a public school? Do you mean per year? I went to the University of Florida and it was about $4k per semester.
I think education can be private and be successful. As someone else noted the best Universities are private. 

I think the problem with skyrocketing tuition in the US, the same as many other bubbles we have experienced is excess credit availability.

Anyone and everyone can get a loan to go to college. So that means demand goes through the roof, which causes prices to go up. 

Exactly like what we saw with the housing crisis. Loans handed out like candy. So everyone can "afford" a house. So housing prices skyrocket.
Because the police enforce these laws. He has to pay taxes & they won't let him "arrange 1s & 0s" aka probably CP so they are just "thugs in uniform"
That's good advice, but I've found in my own experiences when I try to make conversations with the homeless (I see them every day on my way to work), they will immediately turn the conversation to asking for money. If I tell them I don't have any cash they walk away. It discourages me from trying.
Yea I'm a fucking retard Idk how to turn a video on my phone into a gif correctly

Edit:
This better?
https://giphy.com/gifs/l2JhrzyFmRTa2QelO
Nah we forced those with our SEC speed.
Dude I was just joking around. The game was decided by 6 inches on the last play. 
http://66.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lzjro2Tv011r4gei2o4_400.gif
Exactly. Bama is shaking right about now.

HALF PRICED APPS COMIN FOR THAT ASS.
FUCK IT GIVE US BAMA
We used the Hurricane to our advantage so we could steal the west from LSU. Turns out we just wanted to spank that ass in their house. 
You have "Medal of Honor'ed" your way into my heart. So I'll invite you.
True, but I think letting the employer know your primary motivation is money can be positioned a bit better. "Honestly I'm not hoping to make a career out of flipping burgers. But I need to pay the bills and am fully committed to my work"

"I'm just here for the money" probably won't sit well with most employers, it gives the wrong impression. 
That's a good point but I don't think it's necessarily that black and white. Maybe an answer like:

"Well obviously like everyone part of my motivation is the paycheck, but I hope to learn a lot and be a valuable team member" 

You're not a bullshiter saying that you love working in fast food but you're also demonstrating your candor/honesty & commitment to doing a good job, whatever the job may be.
Just to play devils advocate the question can tell you something about the person. 

Even if they give some canned response it's better than if they say "just for the money" or something to that effect. 

Someone who is willing to say something like that in the interview most likely isn't going to be committed to their work & it may help weed them out. 

It's basically just another generic way of getting to know the candidate better.
Ah damn I didn't see it. My bad I'm on mobile
I thought I was in /r/CFB for a second and think "yea no shit, Toledo sucks."
What was the news, OP????
It's a cat. You fucked up again. Back to the drawing board.
"The NBA is a corpse, but Obama orders it to dance"
Okay I changed it back. But only because I love you.
God dammit
Yea that's fair. I guess I was assuming it was a larger reception. 
This explains your feelings very well. It's kind of a long read but it's very interesting.

http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2016/05/donald-trump-supporters-dunning-kruger-effect-213904
I'm planning a wedding now with my fiancé. I'd rather cut costs on the venue or other areas than put it in the middle of the week. 

Just seems so inconvenient to our guests, especially those coming from out of town.
He always skirts that line of "can I person really be this dumb" so beautifully.

Edit: I'm stupid

Edit 2: decided to stand by my stupidity.
Hindsight is 20/20. I don't agree at all with what the guy did, but I do believe he thought he was doing what was best for the country.

I'd still take him over Trump.
Ah gotcha. My mistake
Bush wasn't responsible for the housing collapse. He didn't help. But the housing collapse was put in motion before he became president and was caused by a ton of different factors. The Big Short is a good read about it (they also made a movie).
Pray to God you don't drop that shit.
I know this wasn't in the U.S., but I was a soccer ref for a while and in some states assaulting a gaming official is a felony with prison time depending on the severity.

https://www.cga.ct.gov/2006/rpt/2006-r-0747.htm

Depending on where this happened I wouldn't be shocked if there were legal ramifications. 
It's so weird to me. They brand themselves as this professional publication and they have the most unprofessional ads. 

Every time you click a link you have to wait 5 seconds? It's the internet version of [these](http://la.guestofaguest.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/inflatable20tube20man.jpg)
Hahaha some of them are hilariously bad.

https://www.reddit.com/r/trees/comments/5ai7oz/trees/?st=IV11Z6XB&sh=d86b4efd

https://www.reddit.com/r/apple/comments/5abirz/apple/?st=IV122MIH&sh=07ecc382

https://www.reddit.com/r/Turkey/comments/5ab2sa/turkey/?st=IV1239QS&sh=762df019
We named our pup Leopold after butters.
[here is a pic!](http://i.imgur.com/4VT5CRi.jpeg)
"No! You're dressing up as a character from a tv show so daddy can get internet points"
Florida fan here. That chop call was bullshit. This coming from someone who has every reason to be biased against you.

Really respect how Jimbo didn't let them get away with it despite knowing he'd be fined. You guys have a great coach.
My dad watched with me &amp; he barely understands the rules of football. After a few back to back 3 &amp; outs he says:

 "this game is fascinating. So much is happening, yet nothing is happening"

I hope not! He's already 70lbs. Big baby.
I love & upvote everything on this subreddit. 
Yea this year is out. I was saying in lieu of making larger mortgage payments going forward (after this year) I'd recommend contributions to a Roth.  
Agree with this. Also assuming OP doesn't have a strong savings account the benefits are:


- High liquidity for potential cash needs
- you can comfortably get &gt;3.5% returns long term
- diversification 

Edit: Also if OP doesn't have a Roth IRA (and qualifies for one) I'd strongly advise maxing out this retirement vehicle ($5,500 per year) rather than making larger mortgage payments 
Was just thinking that. Unbelievable quality in both content and presentation. This is professional quality. 
Seriously. I'd consider myself undecided still & I'd like to see a debate in these comments. Instead it's a comment graveyard and I can't glean anything from it. 

What's even the point of this thread then /r/The_Donald mods?
Video

https://mobile.twitter.com/pardonmytake/status/790347473109839872
Makes sense. Thanks for taking the time to explain. 
I didn't know you guys had a rep for being ban happy. Would you say the banning has increased lately or is it just a biased perception? 
"But watch how I'm going to get downvoted by all these biased hypocrites for telling the truth!"

Nah you're getting downvoted because you are a horrible person.
The thread on /r/NotTheOnion got locked already. 

Is it just me or are even the most mildly of controversial threads on the front page locked frequently nowadays? It's pretty annoying. 
I tried to get into the show but couldn't because of the laugh track. Idk why but it ruins shows for me.
It's like the Giants didn't even consider my fantasy team when not letting Odell kick.
Yea. I usually pre-order Madden with Bestbuy because they have a promotion where you get $25 towards the new Madden if you trade in the old one. If I wait until the day after the release my copy of Madden 16 is worth a quarter. 
My senior year was 4-8 so quit your bitchin young blood. 
Never seen a more confident 3-2 team in my life.
How could Foley let this happen??? We had a plan to use the hurricane to ruin LSU's chances!!!

Seriously though fuck all of you for implying our staff did that. 
I always thought the people complaining about censorship were going overboard, but I was absolutely wrong. Compared to when I started using Reddit about 5 years ago the amount of nuked threads/deleted comments/locked threads has gone up dramatically. 

I've even been temporarily banned more in the past 6 months than in the previous 5 years, and always for non-existent or petty reasons.

Reddit is definitely becoming a different place, and I'm not sure I like it.
I didn't know what to do when that happened so I just screamed "SSDDDDDDDDFFFFF" at the tv like a maniac
It's almost like Gainesville & South Carolina are different places and when the game was cancelled Matthew was expected to smash into central Florida with category 4 winds, while it would be a tropical storm by the time it reached South Carolina. 

And we expected emergency workers in Gainesville to be busy with recovery / didn't know the logistical impact on power & road closures the storm would have.

It's almost like that.
To be fair a few hundred miles can be a big difference. Central Florida was expected to get the worst of the storm when the call was made to cancel it. 

Having it on the days following is difficult due to the need of emergency workers to be helping with storm recovery, not managing fans at a football game. This doesn't include all the potential road closures and general damage that could have resulted from the storm. Seems like the damage won't be as bad as was expected, but the decision still makes sense to me.

As for refusing to go to LSU, that's obviously because Florida doesn't want to play that game on the road, as I'd expect no team would. 

This is a shitty situation but considering the lack of concrete evidence I think it's a bit premature to accuse Florida/Foley of happily using the Hurricane as an excuse to not play LSU. 
I always disliked Lou but videos like this make me miss the crazy motherfucker.
How do you kill that which has no life?
Nothing. They're nonsense. 
My mom decided it was appropriate to have a picture of my dead dog as her FB profile pic for over a year.
Contact images on my phone is linked to faceook. 
[yup, I hate OP now.](http://m.imgur.com/wVuU2LN?r)
Thanks for this. Very helpful.
I'm curious though, since most players decline around 30 aren't they usually ones who have had a long career in baseball? Tebow doesn't have much tread on his tires so is it unreasonable to assume he can be effective at an age past the average decline?
That's because we hate you, Zack.
I never watch baseball & always remember this gif. Didn't realize it was the same guy. Makes it feel more personal somehow. RIP
After losing in such pathetic fashion it gives me some happiness to know I got under a UT fans skin enough that he tracked down a 2 week old comment. Good game. You deserved it.
4 years ago Driskel was starting over Jacoby & Dan Quinn worked for Muschamp. 
ORDER BOWLING WITH GRANDSON
LETS GO BOWLING 
I want to see these videos. Link please?
Vegas favors Tennessee by 6.5 points if that says anything. I agree with everything you're saying and am being cautiously optimistic. But when the oddsmakers give Tennessee a touchdown advantage it definitely tempers my optimism. 
So when I said dumb I really meant dumb. Please excuse my question but.

What is an M2 slot.

How much should a 256gb SSD run me?

Is it something I can easily install myself having never done it before?

Really appreciate the help.
Yea I don't care about any of that fancy stuff. Just need a laptop. Thanks for the help
Ah yea I don't care about the touch screen. Thanks. Good info.
Thanks!
Yea. Need the laptop for work. 
Not a lot. Mostly work which is only email, excel & a few basic softwares.
Dude we're playing north Texas right now & have already taken care of the fightin' Umass minutemen. but keep your pussy ass schedule with Louisville & Clemson. 
"Not mad don't care...here's my paragraph explanation."
[Mmmm your salt is so tasty](http://66.media.tumblr.com/059584c7a05f8b7e2a2740d122c6798f/tumblr_mxr7mlnaOj1r2ckpzo1_400.gif)
Give me your salt mmmmm it sustains me
[When the miraculous comeback never came](https://az616578.vo.msecnd.net/files/2016/05/01/635977157648699015-1380219844_andylemonade.gif)

 
Yea you guys should help out our resume in a couple weeks. 
Winners of 30 consecutive games.
Good for Timmy [Gat dayum](http://fabwags.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/Vanessa-Macias-Bio.jpg)
I'm actually curious, has anyone studied this or is this just your speculation? 
Thank you for actually providing real info. In all these threads everyone jumps to "BANKS BAD!".

This was definitely a problem but it's not like there was a smoke filled room of executives planning to fuck people over. 
Didn't know that. So it works in OT but not much effect during regulation. Odd. 
I hate at it worked. It just perpetuates the [myth](http://grantland.com/features/icing-kicker-work/) that icing the kicker works. Also I'm impatient so that's mostly why I dislike it.
I think it looks good man. I definitely wouldn't be able to put that together. Congrats & be proud of what you made. 
/r/nocontext
Thanks Kim
Punts?
I personally am a big fan of how it gets people out of the house, & I love the game but it can get a bit frustrating sometimes. 

I used to enjoy running down to my local park, since it's become filled with pokestops the park is so crowded with people looking down at their phones not watching where they're going. 

Also Pokemon go players are using all the parking, so now it's very difficult to park for the community gym, and playground. I have definitely noticed a sharp decline in the young children at the playground, presumably because their parents can't park their car.

I don't really know what a solution is, and Pokemon has a ton of benefits. But there definitely is some
collateral damage.
You understand what "/s" means.

/s
Giant red letters say not to put punchline in the title.

OP: "nah that probably doesn't apply to me. I think that rule is for people who aren't shitposting retards. I'm good"
[Green Team!](http://youtu.be/yfL4OLNgOok)
Tell me more about this "war"
Jesus Christ, OP has almost 3 million karma.
Noel has the fade on lock.
Oh I don't dispute the bit about football players at all. Especially during the Urban time things got very bad. My sister actually saw Hernandez beat a guy bloody at a local bar & never had any consequences levied against him.

Unfortunately football players being above the law has become commonplace among big football schools, but I don't feel it's a great indicator of how harsh the school will be on non-football athletes. 
That's fair. I think defining it as "very difficult" is just relative to the person. 

Was getting into Florida hard for my buddy who went to MIT for grad school? No. But a lot of people had to seriously study/prepare to get the requisite grades for admission. 
I don't like to use the phrase "public ivy" personally, but US News & World Report ranks them as the 14th best public school in the United States. It's a solid school. 

http://colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/rankings/national-universities/top-public
I think acceptance percentage is a poor stat. I prefer average GPA/SAT of accepted students. UCLA is a very good school and has an average freshman GPA of 4.39, while UF has 4.35.

UCSB comes in a 4.08 & U Miami has 4.3. 
How is Florida worse than other schools in terms of strictness? 

A guy I knew got kicked out for hitting a parked car on campus even though he left a note with all his info. They classified it as "fleeing the scene of an accident". He wasn't "trying" to get kicked out IMO.
Fuck those people.
I'm very curious about how Germany will handle this. It seems like they will soon be facing similar challenges that the United States has been facing for a while; providing social programs to a large and ethnically diverse population. 

Yup, it's a bot.

https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/4vxpb6/comment/d62amw0

Report them to Reddit.
This is a really stupid question but fuck it.
If desalination was used as the primary water source on a global scale, would it help combat rising sea levels as a result of climate change?
Thanks for all the info I really appreciate all the details! I will avoid those cheaper systems now. $200 isnt a fixed price, its just I only have this room for about ~4 years, then it becomes a nursery so im trying to find a budget balance. 
This demographic chart makes me wonder how successful the release of next gen Pokemon will be. I'm around the same age as you & I was a big fan of the first gen Pokemon but never followed it after that, I wonder if other players or myself will lose the nostalgia as they add the next gen Pokemon. 
There's 2 pokestops right behind me & one at the end of the pier which is in the park 
I live a half mile from Ballast Point park, I'll tell you guys why he refused.

It's a fucking poke-stop lure Mecca.

http://i.imgur.com/toFvtOl.jpeg
At least you got a good deal on him.
I wish there could be an adaptation of this where it costs 99¢ to send a message to another driver, and the profits go to charity. That way you can feel good about yourself while talking shit to another driver.
A tip of my Le fedora to you OP!
http://media.fyre.co/OHLRRBY4SfE74MhpluZx_am-i-out-of-touch-no-it-is-the-children-who-are-wrong-principal-skinner-1433208130.jpg
"The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants" -Thomas Jefferson
Killing you? Like the young men who were killed in WW2??? You ungrateful wretch! 
Well we hate you now. 
Supreme leader pulls up the average
Yup. I was thinking Koreans averaged a 7.5 inch flaccid dick 
Nope. My grandfather was travel teaching for religion in Mexico at the time. Rainn's parents were there for the same reason from what I understand. 
Sorry for the poor quality. Didn't have a better way to get the image. That's my grandfather in the middle & my mom sulking. She said "I thought he was a little brat. Don't tell him I said that though!"
I appreciate your candor & I'll definitely look into it. Another part of my reason for being 100% in S&P  (specifically in my 401k) was it offered the lowest management fees by far compared to the other funds. Some were as high as 150bps which I know can add up to a ton of money long term. 

But again I appreciate the insight & I will seriously take another look at my retirement accounts.
I haven't really been presented with any reason other than the emotional stress of watching your retirement account tank on paper. When I did some research I couldn't find a  single diversified portfolio that outperformed the S&P over any 30 year span. 

Yes I know past performance isn't indicative of future performance but the same can be said for the diversified portfolios. 
Yes, but I'm not investing into a single stock, I'm investing in the S&P 500.
No worries I understand the point you're making. Like I said, since my time horizon is so long yes I will be hurt a lot by bear markets, but in the long term it doesn't affect me as I won't be taking withdrawals from my retirement account for 40 years, and when I get closer to retirement I plan on diversifying like you said. For now I'd rather have higher return with higher volatility since I don't care about the volatility. 
I was pretty aware of what was happening in 08'. My father encouraged me to add money to a brokerage account since around 2006, so I did see my portfolio tank. I also saw it recover & then some since then, which again brings up my question: why diversify when my time Horizon is so long (I do plan on moving money accordingly as I approach retirement)
So I put 100% of my 401k & Roth IRA into an S&P500 fund for this exact reason. 

I'm 24 so my retirement horizon is about 40 years (I plan on re-positioning as I get closer to retirement), but for now is it crazy for me to be this aggressive since my long time horizon heavily mitigates my susceptibility to volatility? 

Besides the obvious idea of past performance won't be indicative of future performance, is there something I'm missing that would encourage me to diversify into more fixed income?
I love sunny but you butchered this with the wrong image & a lazy title. Get it together OP. 
"Hey asshole shoot the ball! SHOOT! Okay give it back you waited too long I won't get the assist now"
When I was in highschool my mom hated that show & I insisted it isn't what she thinks it is. She walked into my room right as the scene started where Cartman shit all over his mom. 