But Tinder, Bumble, and the like required facebook to login anyway. I guess FB is taking out the middleman and do the matchmaking themselves now.
Hello! I'm really trying to give "modern" one note a chance, but I have two issues that keep me locked in to the desktop version.

1) Where is the equation editor?

2) When trying to print, one note makes a "super zoomed" document to be printed, if that makes sense. [This screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/5zDW4aB.png) shows my page on ON 2016 on the left, and Modern ON on the right. How do I adjust the print zoom so that I can print my pages right straight from modern?
I'd really appreciate a screenshot of the equation editor, because I can't find it for the life of me.

As for the "modern" features I use that classic does not:

* smoother UI
* "ink to shape"
* Ruler

The fact that I have to back and forth between two different versions of the program to get all the features is beyond silly.
Free alternative? How would it be “free”? By monetizing my personal information? By blasting me with ads? By having microtransactions for optional or cosmetic functions?

I’d rather pay the $5 in the first two cases.
I'll entertain you.

Things I can't find in the modern version of onenote that I use daily on the desktop version:

* Equation Editor. My handwriting is pretty terrible and OCRing equations is more of a hassle than typing them out.
* Export to PDF (not roundabout "print to microsoft pdf printer") - I admit this is a silly point.
* Speaking of printing, the modern version creates pdfs/printouts that are much more "zoomed in" compared to the desktop version. [Example here](https://i.imgur.com/5zDW4aB.png). One page in desktop onenote is split into 9 printed pages in modern onenote. I've tried looking for a way to change that, but so far I've failed. Maybe I'm bad at navigating the new interface.


I want to switch to modern onenote, since I like the ruler and how smoothly the navigation pane works, but I keep loading desktop one note to access things I need more than those.
It will soften a bit with use.
Pity, because other than he ruler, the desktop version of onenote was more feature rich than the modern one.
I should have been clearer, I meant the office version, not the metro one.
So, no ruler and protractor for one note still?
I just wish there was an ebook version of the collection. Searchable/indexable, etc.
Looks absolutely fine to me 
User Choreographics keeps up with all of them in this [macrumors thread](https://forums.macrumors.com/threads/every-apple-watch-band-apple-released-ever.2005810/). He has a bunch of infographics, including one that has every single band, at every single color, at every single revision of the band. Enjoy!

edit: I counted 213 different color/style bands. Whoah. Of course, only a few of them are available at each point in time.
Naw, he does it for free, imagine the exposure it gets him! /s
Ferrari could have kept the softs on and win...
Do Ferrari have to use the softs? Or could they go for some miracle Ultra stint if the Supers last long enough?
You pay for electricity. You love your current TV, Washing Machine, Coffee Maker, Toaster, etc. The electric company comes by and tells you that if you use appliances from brands other than what the electric company likes, you'll be charged extra on your electric bill.


Not a perfect 100% equal comparison, but good enough for grandma to understand what's going on.
This is a GREAT idea actually.

*Imagine getting The Stig to also play.*
+1 on bits. I don't even have paypal donations enabled on mine, and I don't paypal someone unless I've watched them enough to feel good about it. Let twitch be an intermediary instead of my revealing my irl name to a potential unknown.
About that.... /s
Do people use cases for their other watches? I've never seen a watch in a case before - Casio or Rolex or Richard Mille. It looks weird/odd to me that AW is singled out by users to add a case on.
Absolutely beautiful. This makes me feel so immersed! 
This... this is really amazing. Creative, original, and has this "Apple-like" polish on it. Love the shooting star seconds indicator.

Here's some constructive criticism! 

The background animation probably moves just a bit too quickly for my tastes though. It looks like the galaxy is in a hurry! 

You can still see the edges of the display - your starry field background should really taper off toward the edges to give the same illusion Apple's Astronomy face does: the display needs to blend into the bezel. You achieve that pretty well on the top side, especially around the notification dot. But then there's the left side, where the edge of the screen has a half-cut bright star on it. That's the one thing I disliked about photo faces, how they ruin this illusion.
I've had the top part of my 13' book just fine during take off multiple times. As soon as we were in electronics allowed altitude, I pulled the base from my bag, attached the screen backwards "stand mode" and set it down on the little table for max comfort (and battery life).
I really like Toro Rosso.

Merc looks properly evil in that scheme.

The Sauber could just use a tiny splash of red and I'd prefer it to the current colors!
Use it for when Bulgaria starts getting more visa-free travel as a benefit of being a more "senior" EU member? It'll be a while until there is parity in the passport "strengths", I'm sure.
There was quite a lot of hope to finally resolve this around February-March.

Since then, the Zaev Administration has backtracked a little bit, and is no longer willing to change the name of the country in such a way that the rest of the world would use the new name (what Greece calls the "Erga Omnes" clause). On top of that, you have issues such as disagreements in eliminating confusion over culture, history and language between the two regions. Zaev's government is not strong enough to survive renaming the country, from what I understand, even if they recently beat a no-confidence vote. Finally, say that they pass the new name through their government, I am pretty sure that Greece would need some assurance they won't just reverse it the moment they've been granted NATO/EU access.

Having said that, there's hardly any noise about the issue from our government. They're too busy dealing with Turkey right now. And similarly, it'd be political suicide to concede in the negotiations.

So, sadly, both governments release a lot of wishy-washy statements, but I don't think there will be any solution soon.
Δεν είναι πρόβλημα η αποστολή, πακετάρω και στέλνω στην Ελλάδα καμμιά φορά με το ταχυδρομείο. Σοκολάτες και λοιπά έρχονται λίγο καταπονημένα, αλλά ποτέ δεν άκουσα πως κάτι χάλασε. Ακριβώς τα πράγματα που ζητάς, ποπταρτ, ρίσιζ, και λοιπά. Στοκάρω από walmart και στέλνω σε φίλη στην Ελλάδα.

Το άμαζον δε ξέρω αν στέλνει απευθείας Ελλάδα.

Τα ταχυδρομικά είναι επίσης πρόβλημα αν δεις για ιδιοτική αποστολή, ένα μικρό κουτί με σνακ (30χ30χ30 πότνους) μου βγαίνει περίπου $60-$80 ανάλογα με το βάρος. Φτάνουν σε περίπου 3 εβδομάδες. Ταχυδρομείο, όχι κούριερ.
I dunk it in a cup of soapy water, gently rub it with a soft toothbrush. Comes out pretty clean and shiny !
Today you have things like the "Patriot" Act, and so on. Applying emotional wording on laws hasn't changed.
Greek Identity Cards have been "under redesign" since 20 years ago. I wouldn't hold my breath on seeing this one anytime soon even if it is approved by the Commission.

The location of modern Turkey is a result of a series of successful invasions, followed by settlement, and purging of previous populations, either by massacre or ethnic assimilation. From Manzikert to Northern Cyprus, it's always the same.

>Also we don't dream invading anywhere.

...which is why people aren't too eager to believe that.

You can search the emote tag on [https://twitchemotes.com/](https://twitchemotes.com/) as well!
A digital line in. I want to route my computer/ps4 to it and let it work its homepod magic to fill the room with any sound.
The Surface is an actual computer (what's a computer?), so if you do any kind of productive work or use specialized software, that's what you want. As much multitasking and multiple documents of the same program open on the same screen, program compatibility, a much more open and hassle-free file explorer. The pen is really great (I use it daily to take notes, and teaching in class using a projector) and I never ran into an issue with it or had jitter/bad writing.

Having said that, it comes with Windows. It comes with a 4th-grade wifi chip. The "Feel", while premium, is not at the same point as Apple's.


I personally have a Surface Book and an iPad Mini4. They tie very well into each other. The mini does anything small/casual, and when I need a computer, I have the book. There's an app called "duet" that allows you to use your ipad as an external screen for your mac/pc. I love my portable 2-screen setup.
There has been no announcement of a series 4 or of its software. Just pure speculation.

I guess the first hint will be at WWDC or soon after, when they talk about watchOS5 and iOS12. I assume that if iOS12 can be installed on the 6s, it shouldn't be an issue to pair with the new Watch.

But again, just speculation.
The second car has a yellow mount. One more way to differentiate between the two drivers.
If your guts are made by Renault, I'm so sorry.
"would happen", not "will happen"

But all in for it if it does!
Ah, I so wish the came in 38mm sizes! Enjoy!
"ja" the new "for sure" ?
It's not going to hurt your watch as long as the lug is made to spec. It'll just clash as a color. Some people like it, some don't mind it, others dislike it. It's up to your taste.
Stamp on the inside. Look at the detail of the weave. Velcro connectors are supposed to be band-colored and very small. Most fakes have too much of a gap in the lug (but they've gotten craftier, so it's not guaranteed that a "tight" lug is always the genuine part).

Original packaging and purchase receipt also point toward the band being legitimate.
In my opinion, it's the definitive band for the Steel watch. I got mine two and a half years ago and absolutely love it. It balances out the weight of the watch beautifully. It looks cool. It's comfortable too!

As to why? Pay those who actually designed the band, instead of those who just steal the design.
Chances that the next Tag Heuer engine is suspiciously shipped from Japan?
They have pretty good customer service. While I can't guarantee that they would do it if the warranty expired, it is still possible a manager might have stepped in. But yes, you'd have to go and see for yourself. A gamble!
If your Apple band broke, you could have gone to Apple for a warranty replacement. I have ones that are approaching 3 years in age and never had an issue with them.

Try the sport loop, possibly?
Does ESPN get the sky screen when they do the splitscreen and start babbling about crap? Or are they hearing a talk about mysteriously missing s-ducts and corners while watching a completely different car?
http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/the-scroll-of-truth

Quite fittingly, the original was also about Facebook.
But your team does not get beaten.
hdmi/optical/some way of feeding it audio in from a computer/ps4 without the associated lag of airplay.
OneNote worked perfectly for me between macOS, Windows 10, and iOS. No issues at all.
Upgrade to what exactly? The original SB had a pretty weak graphics card and they bumped it up with the PB. But the SB2 already has the beefiest cards they can fit in it given the size of the laptop (gtx 1050/1060). A GTX 1070 would take a thicker base, which compromises the portability of the already relatively heavy SB.

Now, if Nvidia comes out with the next series chips and they can somehow get a custom solution for the SB at launch or close to... maybe, but that's way of a longshot.

TL;DR: buy the sb2 now if you want it. It's still a great machine.
Same with Midnight Blue.
EDIT: I saw your flair saying 42 mm and only after posting I realised you asked for a 38mm band. My apologies. LEaving link up in case someone else is interested. I hope you find yours!


Looks like there is one on [ebay](https://www.ebay.com/itm/100-Original-Apple-Watch-Sport-Band-Strap-38MM-42mm-S-M-M-L-All-Colours/361945897064?hash=item5445a81868:m:mGZkICt6lqeqDlvDcCMl65A) . Camelia, 42mm.

It promises it's the Apple Original one instead of a knockoff, but they don't offer the original packaging. I'd proceed with caution.


For future reference, it's a good idea to snag bands you like as they come out! Apple is sadly very quick to let them run out of stock and then replace seasonally.
Not bad! Looks classic and timeless.
I have it. I love it. Best decision to snag it asap when it first came out.
I have the Cosmos Blue Classic Buckle, and I love it. Considering the Electric Blue now... decisions decisions!
I helped a friend of mine set up their watch. They got to the passcode thing. "I don't want to unlock it every single time I look at it, I'm turning it off." I had to explain that no, it only locks if you take it off. And then showed them the iPhone unlock.

...he still went without a passcode after that.
I sent in my old watch. It took a few days since the package made it to their warehouse, but I eventually got an apple store gift card as promised.

I'm pretty sure Apple wouldn't have officially partnered with them if it was a scam.
It would definitely bother me, to be honest. I was looking at the space black for the longest time when I was getting my S3, and decided to stick with vanilla SS. I don't like the mismatched lugs - they're supposed to blend in with the watch body, imo.

Same issue with the ceramic. In a perfect world, I'd have a vanilla SS model for leather bands, and an SBSS/Ceramic for more casual bands (or the Black Link Bracelet, which oddly fits the Ceramic too). But, $$$ !
It's probably in the same place Surface Dial on-screen support for the book went.
This whole "owned by Facebook" thing too...
And that's a fair criticism against Apple, discontinuing bands that people still want to buy. I have missed some discontinued bands that I wanted to buy in the past as well. Just hoping they can come back some day.
It's almost as if the "omg $50 is too expensive for a piece of rubber" legitimate sport bands actually pay for something more than just the cost of the fluoelastomer: better materials, higher quality assurance, more accurate product dimensions, return policies, and customer service.
And here I am, thinking that if his UM transcripts clear correctly, and he meets the transfer admissions standards of UM, he should be allowed to transfer from UM to UM and enjoy membership in any activity that UM offers.

All of those additional rules don't make sense. People transfer for different majors, different locations, different social circles all the time. Nobody asks the international chess organization if they can play chess in their new school. Shea should be able to play immediately if that's what he wants.

It's funny how far the NCAA goes to pretend that college football is not a professional-level sport. Student-athletes this, students-athletes that. He's a UM student now, let him play for UM.
I have not tried carrot, but I believe it has a setting where you can completely turn the snark off.
I almost want to see VER in Merc just for the shenanigans between him and Lewis.
Imagine if Vettel's tyres burst right after he crossed the line.
OH NO HE DIDN'T
Sebastian proving he's a world champion nurse... while Bottas really needs to do this if he wants to prove he wants the Merc job.
I am still using 2+ year old sports bands on my new watch, and there's no wear and tear on them. Just a wash to keep them clean. Enjoy your watch!
Tire life aside, is the team psychologically ready for another stop? Can they risk having the same glitch happen again? This is intense.
Barring Williams, I love how the rest of the teams are all mixxed up and giving a solid mid/back field battle. Cars from different teams everywhere!
Williams was my childhood team. This is absolutely sad.
No, as long as the lugs you use are well-made and according to spec. My S0 never had an issue throughout its life, with about 1-2 band changes a day. Enjoy swapping out bands as many times as you want!
"ublock Origin" θες
A cellular mini 5 with pencil support... what's not to love?
> Hopefully he or she will bill you heavily for advice such as "don't be a dick".

Yeah, but can I pay my lawyer in $100 bills?
Strategic exchange of info. Ferrari gives the tech know how, Haas gives the pit strategy.
Ah, I'm sorry! I'm sadly out of ideas.
Plus, it's a machine whose job is to vibrate. The more glued up everything is, the less of a chance that internal parts will start getting dislodged and rattling.
The ONE time I used my lightning port was when I first got the phone, to restore my backup.

After that, it's been bluetooth headphones and wireless charging mats. A usb-c controller was probably not worth it in a space-limited device. The port also needs a "prong", for lack of better term, if it's usb-c, which collects more dust and lint and is harder to clean than the "empty" lightning port.

I think lightning makes sense -- all the while I'm a huge supporter of usb-c.
Any chances that when you open the iOS "Files" app, that your deprecated app has a folder under the "On My iPhone" location? ... probably not, but just a guess.

Also, once upon a time, itunes was able to poke into apps' saved files. Connect to itunes, and you'll see a "File Sharing" tab under Music/Movies/etc/etc. Your app might have supported this file sharing.
I got them last summer on sale.

The audio quality left me very unimpressed. I returned them, spent a bit more (ok, almost double), and got a Sennheiser HD-1 set instead. The W1 "magic" was great, but my current set can alternate between my phone and laptop (iphone and windows laptop) just fine without needing any pairing/re-pairing. Just connect and play, it switches automatically.
The more I see this, the more I like the color scheme.
Thanks for the explanation! That makes much more sense.
Question out of complete ignorance on the topic: Do you guys not have a contract/anything with them over the use of their software/API? A license agreement? Anything to fall back on since they "cheated" your business by suddenly changing the product offering?

As far as I know (admittedly, not much), corporate licensing and support is a big thing for most software.
Awesome! And great color choices.
PRAISE HELIX
I hear you! I’ve sort of learned the voice volume and tone that my Siri “likes”. It’s definitely not 100% natural speech.
“Hey Siri, it’s bedtime” works pretty well for me.
Yeah, it wasn’t worth fighting over $30 or so. I ended up staying there for another year, if I remember correctly.
I used to live in a complex that enabled cards. Without a fee. For 3-4 months I was living the cashback life. Then the next month, they sent out an email that from now on CC rent payments will have a fee associated with them. They sent this email on rent day. I rushed to cancel my payment, but it was too late.

That one month's "convenience" fee was enough for them to "recover" all the cashback I had made the previous months + more. Back to checks for me.
How long have you had this band? Have you noticed it aging toward a blacker color? I had a midnight blue phone case that's essentially black now, wondering if the watch band leather is similar or if they treat it better to retain the color.
This is exactly what I do - for casual situations, match the shirt. For formal, I usually go link bracelet and then the face color matches the tie. And of course switch to a “Simple” face.
Glad it works now! There’s no electronic that’s absolutely glitch proof.
I like it. The Hermès face is so clean and smooth.
But you still have to keep your hands on the phone while it's autoupvoting. As much as he's progressed in that area, there is still need for human attention while upvoting.
Good catch!

I think the pre-rendered backgrounds also add to the "Stage-like" feeling. Here's a scene, the characters can move and interact around it, but the background and camera positioning are essentially fixed - similar to how one experiences a play.

Contrast that to the more "movie-like" direction that more modern games have, with dynamic backgrounds and the camera moving/zooming/panning according to the scene's needs.
NP!
Welp, dang :S there goes the cult
Doesn't the red 6 mean you've betrayed 6 circles? HMMMM.

(X) Doubt
Circle related accessories? Like... a carrying case? hm.
RIP
Of course you can. Why would I betray you on your cakeday?
Aw dang. Sorry it happened :(
Garrosh doesn't work. FAKE NEWS!
As granny Edna says, Bing is the SAFEST THING
to rule them all?
Permanent Residence is not the same as Citizenship. As far as the visa authorities are concerned, the country that issues your passport is the country that you are a citizen of. If you are stateless (as you mention in the OP), I do not have a clear idea of what the process is. Might be worth asking over at /r/immigration too.
I don't know about you guys, I just feel somewhat... *betrayed*.
Sure. How?
If the school knows you are a foreigner, they can't legally allow you to attend classes without you having legal status.

There is also the question of how will you enter the US in the first place without having an appropriate visa.
I believe (and by that, I mean I am no expert), that if a student has gone to high school in the US, and can otherwise prove de facto US "residency", they don't have to apply as an international student, but as a domestic student. Immigrant children without legal status are still allowed to go to school (K-12, see Plyler v. Doe). Having a US high school transcript classifies them as "US" students when they apply for college. It's clearly a very gray area, but universities do not ask for proof of citizenship - they just ask whether or not you are a domestic or an international student.
As an international student, you apply to the school. If you are admitted, the school's appropriate office files the forms with the Department of Homeland Security and issue you a form I-20/DS-2019, which you then use to apply for an F-1/J-1 (the two most common visa types for students). The school has to initiate that process for you, and then you go with that form to your nearest US Embassy to apply for a visa.

You cannot get a US SSN unless you secure employment first - and as a student, you'll be limited to jobs on campus. Once you have a job offer, then you can apply for an SSN. But you don't need an SSN to apply to school in the first place.
To contact the appropriate authorities, you can submit a Labor Law Violation Report through [CA.gov's](https://www.dir.ca.gov/dlse/howtoreportviolationtobofe.htm) service website. This will get an investigator to check on your workplace and your boss' practices. As far as I understand, you can fill out the form by yourself, even if you are a minor.
Sometimes it takes a couple of days after you've completed all the requirements before it gives you the badge. What's the wording on the challenge you completed? Are you sure you did this all right?
Go to your phone's Watch app, and check the "Privacy" tab. Did you accidentally disable the heart rate tracking setting there? The sensor usually tries a measurement at least a few times an hour.
Odd. Does the watch think it's connected to the phone? Does the watch and/or phone work fine with other bluetooth accessories? It could be a faulty radio that messes it up if it's a connectivity issue and the usual tricks haven't worked.
Sounds like that's something the app's developer might be interested in hearing about in a bug report.
Happy Cake Day! All hail!
Seems very lonely without any members.
Hooray for new friends~
Happy Cake Day!
Talos shows us that man can become better than what he is. That he can build such an empire that he can even ascend to the divine planes.

Of course the stupid elves hate him. Of course they want to stop his worship and message. By taking down Talos, they take down Men. I just hope that one day, the Septims return and restore order in the failing Empire, and drive the heretical Altmer back where they belong.
Makes total sense.
I saw you post this on a couple of apple related subs already. So... key?
The quality control on bootleg products is "you get what you pay". Your magnet might have come from a better batch than OP's. 
I just finished NNK2. I wouldn't say it's "too easy", more so that it tries to do too much at the same time.

A pet/familiar system. I never paid attention to my higgledies until I made it to the postgame, and then crafted the "big bad ones". I did not see a major difference, because by then I had beaten most of the enemies.

Then you have a spell leveling system. But some of the best abilities of the characters are not levelable, they auto-scale.

AND an armor/weapon-leveling system. You have to craft so much, but the game is mostly basic attacks and dodging for the most part. Crafting the weapons and armor ties into the city-building game, so if you want to craft, you have to develop your city. That's good, and a reward for doing that in the game if not for the fact that.... I spent my materials to make a sword, then I went to the next dreamer's maze, and a monster dropped something better. Oops.

Then you have a party system, but the 6 characters are mostly interchangeable - their swing speeds are the only thing that made them feel different, according to the type of weapon they use: "sword vs spear vs "heavy"".

AND, finally, the "Tactics-tweaker", where you choose your elemental affinities, to apply bonus damage vs monster types, etc.

---

The game tries to complicate the battle system too much, while the monsters are not particularly challenging, and can be mostly dodge-roll-scummed. I think the game would be more challenging if it picked only a couple of the above "systems" and made it more meaningful and needed to progress. If they had made the game so hard that you needed to master ALL of the systems at the same time, then it'd immediately go on becoming too tedious to manage. They sort of over-mechaniced themselves to a hole.
Copying my university ID's nfc tag on the watch would be amazing.
FEUERTRUNKEN
Probably because most of their engineers took easter weekend off. Whatever it is, they'll probably run it tomorrow.
I'm sure they'll go another 15 years or so. I hope that it comes out for the Dreamcast too, what an amazing console.
Minor nitpick: Surface Laptops. The Book comes with the "pro" edition of windows 10 standard.

But I agree on the rest.
*Arkansaw* , fellow Patriot.
Cheeky answer: my macbook, since it's a 2009 model I no longer use and only keep for ... idk, "emergencies" ? I'm not even sure if it still has its ssd in it (upgraded sometime in 2012).

Non-cheeky answer: If I had to pick one device to rely on, I'd pick my laptop. While the phone is great, I need a real computer (what's a computer?) for my schoolwork and other needs. The only thing I'd be cut off from is imessage and phone, but I can still mostly reach others using other communication platforms that are also available on my laptop.

Cheating answer: you didn't stipulate losing my Apple Watch alongside the iPhone, so I can use my Watch for phone/iMessage during that time.
Alabama-related post? Time to shine:
[Stephen Fry in Alabama](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FuPeGPwGKe8)
Correct. And don't forget to yell out "Roll Tide!" as you do!
Take a look at the [Terms of Use of Soundcloud, under "Your use of the platform"](https://soundcloud.com/terms-of-use#your-use-of-the-platform):

> (i) You must not copy, rip or capture, or attempt to copy, rip or capture, any audio Content from the Platform or any part of the Platform, other than by means of download or store for offline listening in circumstances where the relevant Uploader has elected to permit downloads or offline listening of the relevant item of Content.

In theory, Soundcloud could sue you for pirating the content hosted on their website. Soundcloud, Youtube, Netflix, etc, allow you to stream content on your device, but not download/store it (with limited exceptions, such as when the content creator enables the download link, as stated in the above paragraph).

and later on:

>You agree to comply with the above conditions at any and all times during your use of the Platform, and acknowledge and agree that SoundCloud has the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your account or take such other action as we see fit if you breach any of the above conditions or any of the other terms of these Terms of Use. This may include taking court action and/or reporting offending users to the relevant authorities.

Would they spend the resources to come after you for downloading a music file? Probably not. But it's technically "not legal" to access the content in that way.
Google: let's pick up a project, mess with it a bit, then abandon it. Yeah.

There was a "mint" sport band a while ago that might be similar to the current "marine green" of the new sport loop. But it's been discontinued and who knows if it'll ever come back, or when we'll see a similar one.
Listen here you - this is a free CAPITALIST sport! Ads are important and an integral part of the experience. Now, watch your medicine, insurance, and truck commercials like a good patriot.
Your CSS has a problem. When clocking the "sorted by:" menu, I get a weakling little pointy hand instead of having my 2nd-amendment-given crosshair. Fix now or I will have my lawyer sue you for emotional distress and other damages.
A pretty interesting alternative to "my watch, my steering wheel". I'm pretty surprised at how well they matched the color!
Not exactly sold on it pairing with the white ceramic - but I think it'd look amazing with the gray one. Still, what matters is if YOU are enjoying it!
Apple has the "sequence" listed in their[ troubleshooting website](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201398). Look at the first section "Force quit the app". I hope that helped!
I'm up to ... 21. Different colors. Different styles. A band for each occasion? No, a band for each outfit, mood, or just because! /obsession.
Apple does this all the time - they release a bunch of band colors and then discontinue some of them when the next seasonal release comes by. I've been "burned" by this before, and now I just buy the bands I like soon after they come out.
Yes. Press and hold the side button just enough so that the Off/MedID/SOS options come up, release the side button, and then press and hold the crown until the watch springs back to the app bubbles/face.
That's consistent with the rest of the sports bands - the pin matches the steel body more so than the aluminum.
Such a pity it doesn't have white ceramic lugs to match the whole look!
Without knowing the design and the features of the 4th generation watch, it's hard to comment on the resale of any previous model. The price of older series will vary depending on how "revolutionary vs iterative" the new version will be.
Nice! In your opinion, does the shininess of the steel body clash with the more matte colors of the nylon band? I don't see a steel/s-loop combo enough on this sub to be able to tell for myself.
It’s amazing how digital stickers motivate people to do things. Like “achievements” in video games where people do all sorts of weird things they wouldn’t do in a normal play through if there wasn’t an “achievement/trophy” pop up at the end. It’s silly.

And yet, apparently it works for a bunch of people.
I posted before you said you're on a 42mm. Sorry!
It is possible they came from different warehouses and might be on a different delivery truck.
> I’m really happy with it and it’s held up far better than Apples Nylon Woven buckle bands for me.

That's really encouraging to hear. I might have to go take another look at them soon then.
That's about an eighth of an inch less than mine, so we're pretty close. I can't tell by your picture - is that a 42mm watch, or a 38? I wear a 38. The Classic Buckle band has 10 holes, and I wear mine on the 4th smallest hole - so there's PLENTY of space for smaller wrists in the band.

It's sad that the Modern Buckle was discontinued, but on that one, I also wore a "medium" sized band, so there was plenty of space for someone with a smaller wrist to get the small one. But alas, rip.
I assume you're comparing to knockoff/copycat bands. Here's my reasons:

* Quality control. You're assured you'll get a product that fits and performs up to Apple's standards. If you end up getting a dud, they'll be happy to replace it. IF a band fails and your watch drops and shatters, Apple will consider repairing your watch if was the band that failed. Have that happen with a knockoff? Good luck chasing them, whoever the nameless "*they*" are, to help you with a broken Watch.

*  Returns policy. You don't have to deal with a seller to return a product you don't like. Just print the label Apple gives you and send it, or walk into any Apple store, and you get your refund.

* Funding new bands. People say "oh, the material cost of the band is only $X, why should I pay $X+Y for a band?". It's someone's job to make those band designs, test them, make prototypes, finalize designs, etc. I want to see more colors and band designs, and I'd rather give my money to Apple. In a world where everyone buys knockoffs and nobody buys legitimate bands, Apple would see no sales in bands and they would have much less of an incentive to keep designing new bands/colors. When you buy a knockoff, you fund someone whose "business acumen" was to copy an already existing design. "But Apple bands are nothing special in design! Anyone can make a piece of silicon with a hole!" Sure. So why don't all those "Sellers" design their own band styles if it's so easy? Because it's easier to leech off another company's design than be original.

* Personal satisfaction and "fairness". The most *subjective*, for me, reason. For me, it's important to know that I have a legitimate band. I don't know what you do for a living, but I hope that you never have to deal with someone stealing your or your company's work and selling it as their own for a massive "discount", when it was you who spent time creating and building your original product/service, or intellectual property.  I don't want to reward this kind of business, the same way I do not buy my shoes off the "totally legit Mike shoes" seller on a tourist trap, or the same way I don't buy knockoff sunglasses from a guy on a trenchcoat.

Is the price for Apple bands high? Yes, it is. Is it worth it? For me, it is. For others, it's not. I just shrug and move along.
Question for you, since you've been using it since launch. Has the velcro, on either side, started showing any kinds of deterioration? One of the things that keeps me from trying a sport loop is the thought that after a significant amount of time, the hooks will start losing their strength, and/or the nylon threads to which it hooks up will start thinning out. Is that a problem so far?
Congrats and enjoy! Now make an album of all those being worn on the watch so we can see how close the actual colors are to the promo material.
What is your wrist's perimeter? 
Apple just released a new product. People are excited about it, even if it's not as powerful/amazing as the already existing Pro, because it's budget - something Apple products usually aren't. Let them have their fun. It'll die down in a few days.
That's the one.
Welp, I'm wrong then.
While I usually argue in favor of the SS from a style and versatility standpoint, The S0 is really really, really slow compared to the S3. It will probably not get as many software updates in the future, and anything you want to do on it is painfully slow. Now, Apple Pay and just checking notifications isn't bad at all, but if you want to do workouts or any other kind of more complex app, you'll have a noticeable difference in speed.

Go for the S3, even if it's the aluminum body. If you like it, you can always upgrade to a steel one in a future generation.
Odd. The only other thing I can think of is that it might only sync that when it's on the charger (like it won't sync music while you're wearing it). Other than that, I'm out of ideas.
I've never heard of a limit. You can keep going until you run out of space!
All that data should be backed up on your iphone daily, and a final sync before you updated your watch. It shouldn't be gone once the watch finishes syncing. Did you give it some time to finish doing it?
I'm honestly a bit underwhelmed by the new options this season. A lot of the colors are re-dos of previous collections, or at least very similar to them. A lot of focus on the sport loops which I'm not completely sold on either.
that’s the one I remember! Good catch.
>I quickly became overwhelmed by the amount of apps I had to load on to the watch just to accomplish what my fitbit did so seamlessly. 

I have no knowledge of fitbit, but this confuses me. The Watch comes preloaded with the workout/activity/health apps from the box + the nike app if you buy the nike version. There was no overwhelming amount of apps to install at first use. Unless you want something more specialized than that?

> it's this huge bracelet that is unmistakably a fitbit

Something I REALLY like about the Apple Watch is how versatile it can be. So many different band types and colors you can get to make it look as sporty or as classy as you like/need. There's no other "smart" wearable with this amount of versatility.
The big question is - will the old bands be compatible with the new form factor?
I don't really use anything else than common sense - don't run your watch body against hard surfaces, and it should be fine. Be conscious about your wrist placement when you work/study/read/whatever. My S0 ended up looking almost pristine even after two and a half years of use.
Now live on the apple store. I can't say that the new colors impress me too much.

I'm looking at the Electric Blue Classic buckle, but then, I already have a Midnight Blue Modern and a Cosmos Blue classic, so I'm not sure how different/unique that would be. I guess a trip to the store will help me figure out if I want anything.
I went to the store to check out the sports loop multiple times... and I can never get to bring myself to buy it. It looks too weird, the velcro/nylon band when combined with the shiny SS model. I'm curious to see what the new color combos they'll release today look like. I might still try one if the whites are a bit more subdued than on this one.
I've seen some more metallic/bracelet-like/charm bands linked in the sub before. It could be one of those, an original third party band. Who knows.
The most popular ones will probably get backordered after the initial rush today, but all of them will be back in stock in a couple of weeks at most. You don't usually see them selling out "for good" until the end of the season. 
I misread your OP and forgot you had a sport model, yeah. That's only $50 to trade-in. Good idea to wait and see if best buy or another retailer has a sale if you're not too worried on replacing it today.
I even see people wearing plastic fitbits with suits. It's becoming more and more acceptable to have a wearable on. And with a steel watch and matching steel/leather band, it should be completely acceptable to wear it. Make sure it's on silent, and it has some kind of classy watch face! After that, make sure you don't play with it too much, and you'll be golden.
I'm sorry it happened to you, and hope for the best!
Sadly, the CPU on the S0 is pretty weak for the demands of the modern watch os - it could hardly even keep up with apps made for when it was current.

A hard reset may help a tiny bit, but as you keep using it and data comes back, it'll slow down again. The S0 is still great for ...telling the time, and receiving notifications. But even the S1 is miles ahead of it, and the S3 is king. I was really amazed when I made the jump from S0 -> S3.
As for trade-ins: I'd say that, depending on the band you have, it's easier to trade it in and keep the band and accessories instead of selling through ebay, if ebay doesn't give you too much above what brightstar offers.
Is your charging cable frayed or otherwise damaged? How about the power source? Good quality brick, solid wall connection, etc, etc?

Hm. If restarting doesn't work, the next step would be to completely wipe and restore the watch, but that's a pain in the butt.

If those don't work, it sounds like it's time to book an appointment with Apple, or sending it in for service for a faulty battery. Sadly, I don't know of any convenient battery tests users can perform on their watch.
The watch charges pretty quickly. Put it on the charger as you do your morning shower and routine, and it'll be almost topped up by the time you're out. Especially with the newer generations, they have plenty of battery to last you the day (provided you're not on lte all the time) even if you leave home with 70% battery.
Tattoo ink makes it harder for the watch to take measurements, since it adds a layer of material that interferes with the wavelength of light the watch emits to measure your heartrate - especially if your tattoo is pretty dark over your wrist.

Looks like a clear epoxy resin "sticker" stuck to your watch somehow helps alleviate the problem. [Link1](https://watchaware.com/post/19968/tattoogate-possible-solution) [Link2](https://www.reddit.com/r/AppleWatch/comments/63gez3/so_i_found_a_fix_to_tattoogate/) . No idea if it works or if it's snake oil, but it's the only thing I can propose short of the "nuclear" option.
How old is it? While some of the battery will have degraded by now, it shouldn't be that bad. Have you tried restarting the watch to see if it'll charge over 50%? My S3 actually stuck at 93% this morning, I gave it a quick restart and then it happily charged back up to 100%.
Is the band getting pretty loose while you sleep? Lax positioning might account for a bad reading. IF it was a sudden spike, I would wonder if a nightmare can cause this, but if it's for two hours straight, it's probably just bad readings.
We'd probably be sponsored by Fedex. Much bigger company, and they already sponsor the athletics tutoring center too.

They would also sponsor Memphis, possibly. When Memphis came down to play us a couple of years ago, there was a Fedex plane flyover. Neat!
Don't forget the complete lack of sources! 
Hah, thanks! I forgot it's my cakeday.
Probably so! I'll pass on it since I already have the watch charging puck and an anker charger on my phone on my nightstand. Plus no airpods.
Whatever works for you! Your wallet, your watch, your decision. I've seen pictures on the sub where the difference was really noticeable, and some where it wasn't. It all depends on how closely does the knockoff maker want to make it to the real deal.
They are very close to introducing a mat that can charge your phone, airpods and watch at once. They said "spring 2018" for it. It'll probably be pretty pricey too. Probably announced tomorrow.
Everything in those pics is from Apple.
Yeah. I was really considering the black for my S3, but I stayed on the silver one so that it wouldn't make my older steel bands look silly on it.

BTW, since you asked for pictures, here's my [watch\(es\)](https://imgur.com/a/yTtYc) with some leather/steel bands on them. I posted this on this sub a few months ago.
Try the Nike Sprot Band? The holes allow your skin to breathe much more easily.
This is ... really great and very Apple-like. Definitely something I could see happening in the watch compared to the Fallout/etc concepts that I usually see proposed.
Pretty much... most of them. Sports bands of all colors. The hardware on leather bands matches the stainless body, as does the link bracelet/milanese. The black stainless milanese/link bracelet are obviously a better match for the black stainless body though.
Yeah, I have a pair of sennheisers, but those were close to $200. A premium phone sometimes commands premium accessories. But my in-ear headset is so good, I use it on my laptop and desktop too once I realized how great it sounds and how nice it is not to be corded. My next purchase will be a set of wireless over-ears for even more comfort around the apartment.

But a quality wireless charging pad is about $20, a much easier proposition. In a perfect world, Apple would have included both in the box, but something tells me that'd make the SKU that much more expensive.
Wireless charging pad and/or Bluetooth headphones. Game changers. the only time I ever used my lightning port was for syncing my backup to the phone when I first got it.
Look at the low attention to detail on the connector's width. Is that even safe, or will it pop out?
I think that's the only true 3rd party band I've ever seen that connects directly with the watch instead of using lugs. Interesting.
> Seems like they just randomly hit the commercial button. 

It's quite a pickle. Most American sports are made with clock rules that allow for as many commercial breaks the network requires, but F1 is a completely different beast. The only way "out" is for F1 Pro to be released. Which... we haven't had any news from for this weekend, did we?
I know what you're talking about. Tons of bands myself here.

But also, TIL, I thought the nylon band hardware was aluminum to match the aluminum watches. Weird that they made it a different steel than the rest of the steel-hardware bands.
I really think you should keep it! It looks really great and the buckle stays (mostly) hidden. Still, enjoy, whatever you decide.
Nice! Asking out of curiosity. In your opinion, does the aluminum (?) in the buckle clash with the ceramic body of the watch? I really like the monochrome look.
German and Italian anthems?
No other merc team made it to q3. It'd be interesting to see how much of a party are the other teams allowed to throw.
Look at that halo though, it did its job.
Can we please please see a wet qualifying.
I am in the American market. I did NOT want them to cut to commercials, period.
F1 Pro is an insta-buy from me once it rolls out.
Apart from that uneven stitching, of course.
A pity. It's so nice and comfortable. Light and classy. RIP. I wish I had gotten the light blue one while it was still sold.

edit: still shows up in the bands page for me. Source?
Fair point. It's not as easy to hunt down the originals of those.
Remember that facebook compresses your pictures when you upload them. It's better to keep a backup of your actual photo files than archiving your facebook ones. Unless you've deleted the originals in the first place, don't bother with the fb pictures.
Completed the survey.

I think that the naming scheme has gone out of hand. I expect "soft" to degrade quickly, at any track. And yet we have "supersofts" that do half a race distance no problem. Or "Hard" tyres that barely get a lap of racing ...the whole season. Because they're made of cement or something.
See if it comes in the original packaging. Not a surefire way, as someone could easily put a sham bracelet in an original box, but it's another small step to verifying. Buy from a trusted source. Ask for original receipt, if they still have it.
I think they're being massive teases by announcing the colors but not even showing good pictures of the bands. Put them on the store with a release date of "to be announced" or something, at least!

I'm curious about the new colors though. Especially the new blues. Curious if the classic buckle will look different enough from the midnight blue modern buckle to make me consider it. REALLY curious about the soft pink leather band too. Definitely not that enthusiastic about the stripey nylons so far.
Ah, I misunderstood! My bad. That'd be interesting, actually.
There already is /r/motorsportsstreams for those.
I can't advise you on that - I advocate for buying legitimate products and not the knockoffs, both for quality assurance and moral reasons. Other users who feel more lax about it can chime in to discuss or advertise their favorite ones to you.

Remember that if you are dissatisfied with an Apple purchase, and for whatever reason you do not feel it is worth the price, you can return it within 14 days without any penalty to you. That's a 0-risk guarantee (unless you lose or damage the band during your "trial") .
We have that, but not all subs are in. I don’t have any metrics on how many of those use the “perk” in the first place though.
The accelerometer and gyroscope try to figure out the position of your phone in 3D space. What this app does is track the exact position of your eye over the phone, enabling it to calculate the scene with more accuracy. Without the eye tracking, the phone has to assume some kind of default positioning of your eye relative to the screen. With eye tracking, it doesn’t, because it knows exactly where your eye is relative to the phone. The app even allows you to look at the “side” of the scene, showing you exactly how it tracks the position of your camera/eye. 

https://i.imgur.com/fiYz45F.jpg

Tl:dr eye sensor adds more accuracy on top of accelerometer to make the illusion more accurate
I’ll join you and say that I hope they do then! I find it to be super comfortable (even more so than the sports loop), and it looks really sleek. They should make 42mm versions of it.
They do! It’s the modern buckle that is only 38mm, and the leather loop that is only 42mm. But the classic buckle is both sizes.

[Store Screenshot for proof.](https://i.imgur.com/eX1xK9K.jpg)
If encryption is a munition, doesn’t the 2nd amendment protect my right to bear it? Or are “munitions” different than “arms”?
Answering the ones I can:

WiFi is not needed if your phone has an internet connection - the watch can piggyback off that connection without any special setting or carrier charge.

Your iPhone is all you need. In fact, the watch never connects directly to your computer or laptop. All its maintenance happens through the watch app on the phone.

Some notes apps have watch apps - I use one note. However, the screen is way too small, and it’s only really useful if you are scribbling or dictating a couple of lines at most. The only time I’ve ever used it was when I made a shopping list on my desktop and then pulled it up on my watch. You won’t be taking class notes on your watch. And if you try to cheat by pulling up notes during an exam, I’ll see you and give you an F.

edit: fixing some silly autocorrects that I did not catch while on mobile.
Look at the Nike Sport Bands. They are lighter than the stock sport band, and the holes allow your skin to breathe much easier. Nylon bands (woven nylon, sport loop) are also more breathable, and have a different feel to them. Many in this sub consider the sport loop to be the most comfortable band of them all. However, I find nylon bands a bit harder to clean than the sport bands.
Odd. The partner I mod for uses it to announce sub-only videos and sends out a couple of those messages with the link each month. I guess we'll have to think of a new delivery method - possibly putting the link on the subscriber chat room or something.
I like that! Imagine if you could have a different pattern of taps for 5mins left and 1 min left. 
As of this moment, the store is not yet updated with the new offers. 
No pictures of the new classic buckle, what a tease!
> reddit will lose its collective fucking mind because rich people piss them off no matter what

Elon Musk is still pretty well-loved, from what I know!
Ouch. Looks like you had your bases well-covered. I can't think of anything else to offer. The sad truth is that the consular officers and the airport border control agent have a LOT of power over a visitor's head.
I really feel your pain, but I'll play "devil's advocate" here.

> to be with my wife for emotional support and to assist in any way they can for a couple of months.

Is that what they said during the interview? This sounds more than just "visiting family", it could make the consular officer think that the parents might attempt to stay for a longer time period. If "stay with us for a couple of months and assist" sounds like immigrant intent to the officer, then the officer can use that as grounds to deny a tourist visa. "I am entering the US on x/y and leaving it on z/c" sounds much clearer than "I'll be there a couple of months".

Other questions that pop up to mind:

Did your parents in law show sufficient proof that they intend to return to Vietnam? Return tickets, proof of continued employment, other family ties back home, other ways to help show that they do not intend to immigrate? Did they, or you (or your wife), as the person inviting them in the country, show enough finances that you can support them while they are with you (food, basic needs, etc), since they cannot legally work while in the USA?
And even as the King of the Reunited Kingdom, he’d be called his chosen regal name: King *Elessar Telcontar* in history books, instead of just Aragorn, which would be his “born as” name.
Best of luck whatever you decide! I might be a bit biased because I love my watch.
There was a homemade spotify app that spotify bought and then immediately canned. It was a conscious decision from them not to allow their service to be available on the Watch.

Browsing the phone's local music library is coming back on the next watchOS update, last time I checked - I missed that one a lot, and I was one of the many who contacted Apple with honest but polite feedback on the topic.

I have an S3 watch, I've NEVER been an Apple Music member and I do not feel that my watch is in any way incomplete or pushing me toward buying into Apple Music. However, I am an "old timer" that prefers to buy their music and have control over their exact albums and files instead of streaming, so that might be my own quirk.

On top of all that, the Watch does much more than being a remote control for your music. Paying, notifications, small "quick" apps that work pretty well on the new hardware, and of course the design that can range from gadgety to very classy, depending on your model and band choice. The integration between watchOS and iOS is the closest you'll find. Few other wearable devices are so customizable and retain manufacturer support for years to come.

Finally, Apple has a terrific returns policy. If you are on the edge, keep the order, let it come in, and try it for a few days. The only person that can really tell you if it's worth it or not is yourself. If at about 5-10 days in you are not feeling it, return it for a full, no questions asked refund. And then go buy a Gear, or a Fitbit, or a Rolex, or whatever watch you prefer, without any hard feelings.

I have the 1st book.

It feels just the right size - comaprable to a sheet of paper. Markup and handwritten notes are really great on it. And of course, when you need to actually write, you plop it down to laptop mode and you have a fully fledged laptop running your latex editor and whatever other software you need for your discipline. I definitely found the pro just a bit smaller than I'd like, when I had a pro.

If I was to upgrade to the book2, I would consider the 15inch for the more powerful graphics card, but otherwise the 13inch model is plenty big for schoolwork. 
Prehistoric humans did not have access to fridges or a fresh water distribution network, or germ theory. Fresh water could be dangerous, and would spoil if stored for too long.

However, they did discover that making beer or wine would create a liquid that would resist spoilage for longer. Healthier populations could survive more easily, and build up what we know as civilization.

Mind you, ancient alcoholic beverages were weaker than what we have available today - but they still gave a bit of a buzz, and the people back then understood that, and even used it to their advantage. See the Greek Philosophers - they held Symposia, quite literally translated as "drink-alongs", or "drink together". Even today, an event where scientists come together to present and discuss is called a Symposium, after the Greeks - See Plato's Symposium, which reads like a transcript of a bunch of wise people discussing during a party. A quote from Herodotus says that (I paraphrase), the Persians, when faced with a decision, discussed their options once sober, and once when drinking, and if a proposed idea seemed good both times, then they approved it.

The production and consumption of Beer and Wine continued during the Medieval times, and it's not uncommon to see Monasteries and Abbeys producing their own alcohol for self-use or to sell to the town.

Alcohol was an almost *necessary* part of human life for so long.

Ancient oracles used to "get high" on different types of plant-based incenses, or naturally occurring hallucinogenic vapors, and other drugs were available, but those were much more "divine" and/or "recreational" than alcohol.

It is worth noting that eastern Asian cultures placed more emphasis on boiling water to purify it. They discovered that putting leaves in boiling water would enhance its flavor and created the refreshing beverage known as tea.

--

In my opinion, this is why alcohol gets a pass. It was one of those elements that was necessary for modern civilization and society to form and remain healthy before we were able to create sanitized and safe potable water in the modern times. Marijuana and other drugs do not have the same important historical significance as alcohol, so they always get treated "differently" than it. 
Under today's regulations, if a car does not pit at all during the race, do they get DQ'd because they did not use at least 2 different tire compounds?
I'm pretty happy with my ipad mini as a second display. Haven't noticed much lag, but then I mostly use KB/Mouse anyway instead of touch input.
> HotSpot Shield, PureVPN, and Zenmate

If you're curious.

> Here it must be noted that all the three vulnerabilities were in the HotSpot Shield's free Chrome plug-in, not in the desktop or smartphone apps. The researchers also reported similar vulnerabilities in the Chrome plugins of Zenmate and PureVPN, but for now, the details of the bugs are being kept under wraps since both the manufacturers have not yet fixed them.

tl;dr use an actual vpn program and not a chrome extension.
Nice! I didn't know that.

Personally, I have a scene setup that I call "bedtime", which turns off all lights around the apartment, and sets the bedroom light to a very dim purple.

"Hey Siri, it's bedtime". And boom. Waste ~~30 minutes~~ 2 hours on reddit, then press the crown of my Watch "lights off" as I'm unbuckling it to put it on the charger.
SotL’s gate video becomes outdated , so ... SotL fans?
The very last line: "And Apple doesn’t use your kids’ information to create a profile or market to them."

Kick straight in the nuts to the competition.
How DARE you not be held hostage by the "video-game-like" mechanic imposed to you by your wearable gadget! /s
You can close the account if you disagree with the new terms, provided you pay off all previous balances.

Non-legal, but related advice: If you still like and use the card, you can also try calling customer service. Once you tell them you wish to close the account, it's very possible they'll transfer you to a "Retention agent", a person who is tasked with persuading you to keep the account open. Depending on the bank and their willingness to work with you, they might agree to lower the APR back to what it was if that's what it takes to keep you as a customer. It's not a bad idea to try it if you'd like to keep the card.
Adding to the great responses so far, it's not uncommon for smaller leagues/teams to emulate the bigger ones. Look at American sports: most MLB/NFL/NBA teams have a name consisting of two words, usually consisting of a combination of location, mascot, or adjective. Golden State Warriors. Washington Redskins. Chicago Cubs. Oklahoma City Thunder. Seattle Seahawks.

But then you turn to look at the MLS, where some teams have some more "European" names: Plenty of "FC" teams, such as Toronto FC, Los Angeles FC. Even though it's called "soccer" in the US, they brand themselves as "Football Clubs", more similar to how European teams do. Or the use of "United", such as "D.C. United". Some have *both*, like "Atlanta United FC". Then there's "Real Salt Lake", even though there's never been a king or a royal family in Utah - but it clearly evokes the memory of Real Madrid.
perfect match for the tiny little mac charger /s
Mega Blastoise. Introduced in Gen6, alongside a handful of others. It's a "powered up" version that you can get only in-battle, as it reverts to regular Blastoise once the battle is over. You sacrifice your held item slot to make it mega-evolve, and you can only have one mega-evolution per battle. Certain other restrictions apply in human pvp. Charizard, being Charizard, got two mega versions.
I'll trade you for my Doki Doki Literature Club code /s
No. The size is perfect for my smaller wrist. The battery easily lasts 2 days in a row, and I charge every night anyway, so the extra capacity on the 42mm isn't really a consideration.
It should be the exact same color. Mind posting a picture? Was the watch new? If so, let Apple know. Was it used? In that case the seller might have put two mismatched parts, or shipped it with a knockoff band which might be of low quality.
Ah, my apologies. By puck I meant the [Apple charging dock](https://www.apple.com/shop/product/MLDW2AM/A/apple-watch-magnetic-charging-dock).
Apple was one of the first companies to offer a USB-A only computer in a world that was still kicking and screaming about their parallel and serial ports.

I've seen the same drama before. Once other manufacturers (computers and peripherals) switch to c, this "dongles omg!" debate will be over.
I can't see much of the band, but it looks good! Enjoy your new band.
Not exactly postable, but I've been carrying my charging puck with me even when traveling. The puck slides into a flat pocket in my laptop bag and gets forgotten. And I only have a short lightning cable with me, so less of a length than the longer charging cable the watch came with.
Never. My first iphone was a 3G, and I have been restoring the backup to a new phone every time I upgraded. Never had any issues/slowdowns/bugs. But I had to say bye to some of my older apps as they became less and less supported.
I guess it's important to ask you if you have the aluminum with ionx glass or the steel/ceramic with the sapphire glass.
The Classic Buckle is great - it's also a getaway drug to the Modern Buckle. Seriously, try it on sometime, it's insanely comfortable.
I've had mine for a while and no scratches yet. Just as durable as the S0 so far.
That's a very succinct way to put it, too. I have once been issued an emergency travel document from my country, and the airport agent called in a supervisor who then cleared me to board. I had just turned adult though.
Correct, that's why I am more curious about how does Pakistan law see it - it's pretty clear cut from the US's side.
I'm just curious, how do the Pakistani authorities see it when the USA is taking one of "their" citizens out of the country? I'm OF COURSE on the girl's side, and I'm very happy she's safe now, just curious about the legal aspect of that process.

We have a minor person living in their country of citizenship, and then their other country of citizenship assists them in escaping the first. I assume her parents (or, shudder, her husband-to-be), have some sort of official guardianship over her while in Pakistan, and the US embassy helped take her "away" from them.

Could they technically call this kidnapping from the Pakistani side? I know the girl exercised her right as a US citizen to travel to the USA, but... ah, I guess that's what makes dual-citizenship such an interesting status to have.
not much, you?
I'm not really sure what are you referring to. What is Updog?
What is a "Sandpaper routine"?

Sandpaper is an abrasive. If you rub it against your band, it'll eventually wear it down to nothing. You're ripping it apart, flake by flake. Of course it will start peeling.

For sports bands, [Apple](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT204522) recommends the following:


>Wipe the band clean with a *nonabrasive, lint-free cloth*. If necessary, lightly dampen the cloth with fresh water.

>Dry the band with a nonabrasive, lint-free cloth before you attach it to your Apple Watch.

Emphasis mine. I have sports bands that are 2 and a half years old by now, and a gentle soak and wipe has kept them in pristine condition.
At this point, Apple does not allow you to create/install a watch face that is different than the stock ones. You can browse all watch faces [here](https://www.apple.com/watch/interactive-gallery/#/38/stainless-steel-case/soft-white-sport-band/color-face).

On top of choosing one of the stock face, users can change the complications that they use. So I can have a modular face, you can have a modular face, but we use very different complications, making the faces different and unique. I've lost track of how many colors are available to use to customize your face, but that counts as customization too!

Finally, a lot of posts that make it to the front page (like the windows xp one), are not really "custom faces". They just use the Photo face, and put a photo or moving photo as the background image. There is a way to make any gif into a "live photo" that the watch will animate when waking. But it's still only a moving photo, so there's no special features or "code" in that.
Yes, that's the one! Thanks for finding it.
There was an article that described the internals of the legitimate apple charger and how much thought goes into it. I wish I had kept a link.

But yeah, skimping out on a charger is bad, bad, bad. Even for custom made desktop PCs, you want to get a quality, tested and certified power supply, not the cheapest generic. Unless fried electronics are your thing.
I’m not really using it because I’ve gotten newer computers, but it still works and holds up great !
>  I went with stainless Nike cellular edition

I believe that the Nike watch is still an aluminum model, not a stainless.
I have the Stainless Steel. Why? It's the most versatile of them all. Sports and Ceramic watches look somewhat odd when coupled with the metal bands or the metal lugs of the leather bands. The Watch can be dressed up and down very easily: just swap the nike band for a link bracelet, or take off the classic buckle leather band and put on a nylon band instead.

Even though I'd love to have a ceramic white, it's too costly for me to consider at the moment. If I had it though, I'd still switch to the steel one when dressed formally, and use the ceramic as a more casual watch.

The aluminum watch is too toy-ish/gadget-y for my liking. While you can easily "dress-down" the steel watch, you can't as easily "Dress-up" the aliminum body. You also lose out on the sapphire screen by going alum.


How is it holding up? Perfectly. I had my S0 for two and a half years before I upgraded to an S3, and I only had one serious bump against a doorway, and that was my mistake for being careless. That impact resulted in a tiny bump close to the crown. The rest of it retains its shiny and smooth appearance. One quick wash and wipe and it shines as if it's new. The sapphire display has survived without any scratches. I've had the S3 for only a few months, but it's just the same, and I expect it to last just as much as my S0 did.

Bonus: the steel Watch pairs up visually with the silver iPhone X very well. The steel band on the phone and the steel casing of the watch are natural siblings.
I had (and still have) a 2009 MBP. I even removed the optical drive and got a little cage for a second SSD on it. It served me really well across the years.
I wear the S/M sport band on the same (4th/middle) hole on my 38mm watch.

When I tie up my woven nylon band, [it looks like this](https://i.imgur.com/g2deemJ.jpg). I don't have a sport loop to compare, sadly.
He's being sarcastic.
ΜΙΑ ΦΟΡΑ ήταν τόσο κοντά στο προτάθλημα, και με αυτή τη βλακεία θα δώσουν τη νίκη στον Ολυμπιακό και καμμιά αφράτη ποινή πόντων στον ΠΑΟΚ.
So, prepare to cry like a baby? Even more so than Bokura no Digital World or 3 Primary Colors? OKAY. I'm on board with this.
Steel. It looks very sleek, and it's very versatile when it comes to combining it with not just the sport type of bands, but also leather and other steel bands compared to the Aluminum or Ceramic offerings.
The "general population" probably doesn't care enough to browse a product-related subreddit; while AW enthusiasts are more likely to buy the more expensive model and to discuss it online.
If you're moving to a Galaxy, you will no longer have an iPhone and your Apple Watch will be (mostly) a paperweight. Might as well go for a Samsung charger instead of this.
It's almost as if this sub is for an Apple product...
The "Shadow of Mordor" games.

For the movies, a lot of good ones have already been mentioned, so, Haldir and co arriving at Helm's Deep, maybe?
Oh, I missed the "II" in your previous post. I was thinking of the first one, where you couldn't manually fight naval battles. Still, AI is silly.
[Byzantine-Bulgarian Wars](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Byzantine%E2%80%93Bulgarian_wars). While they never conquered the Eastern Roman Empire, their people ran around the geographical area long enough, and eventually settled in the Balkans. A small part of modern Bulgarians decided to focus on our history and claim it as theirs instead of focusing on their own history. Go figure.
I have 30 boats, they have 5. FIGHT! Autoresolve fight... "Heroic Defeat". .... quickload.
"Μακεδονικός Λαός"

"Μακεδονική Γλώσσα"
Those signs have way too smooth writing to be actually written by the kids.
No, for two reasons:

1) am still in grad school,

2) I would still really love to donate to the school one day when I can afford to. As fun as Athletics is, I would rather donate to the University for academic spending. State appropriations are getting chopped year after year, but there's only so much tuition can rise.
My guess is that they won't restock again before the spring refresh, but we might see some of those colors return in a future seasonal collection. When? No idea.
I wouldn't put them as #1, and I would definitely rank SpaceX above Apple, especially for 2018. 

Still: They made touch screen smartphones mainstream instead of them being geeky business toys (like the great but hardly widespread Sony P-series of the early 2000s or the Palm). They popularized tablets as a consumption "computer". Played at least some role in the introduction of the personal computer in the 80ies. Created a digital music store at a time where Napster, Limewire and similar piracy services were abundant and music was still primarily sold through physical media. Their A-series chips are some of the best ARM-architecture CPUs compared to their competition.
I got a 3G back in 2009. Kept it throughout undergrad, since I didn't have any money of my own. Got to grad school in 2013, now working and able to buy my own gadgets! Bought a 5S on January 2014. It broke on March 2015. I moved to a new carrier with an annual upgrade plan, and got a 6. March 2016 I got an SE. Up to a 7 on March 2017. Paid off and sold my 7, and bought the X on November 2017.

I gave my original 3G to my dad. It still works.
Weird. I know I've seen other people posting about this issue here in the past. I guess it only affects a few people.
Series 3?
Siri STILL responds aloud when given a homekit command, even when she's set to obey silent mode. I'm not sure how many updates will it take until they ever fix that issue.
Εικοσιτρία δέκα, πενηνταδύο, δέκα δέκα! Σηκωθήτε τώρα!
Μα, ο Αλέξανδρος ήταν Μακεντόνσκι και μιλούσε Αρχαία Μακεντόνσκι. Γιατί διέδωσε την ελληνική γλώσσα και όχι την πραγματική Μακεδονική γλώσσα που δεν ήταν Ελληνική; /σ



I use mine for browsing before bed, messaging apps, discord, and for media (video) while traveling. It also acts as my "base" for homekit. It does all of those things excellently. I don't play any games on it, but when I tried to, just to see how it'd do, it is a bit slow and choppy on that regard. MS Office works good on it. Due to the size of the screen (and maybe the slightly older internals?) the ios11 multitasking experience on it isn't that great - but if I need multitasking, it's laptop time anyway.

Sometimes I wish I had gotten the cellular option, but it wouldn't be worth it for me personally to pay the additional fee to my carrier. I just hotspot from my phone if needed, and I never had an issue with that.

I'm not sure if the price is still "worth it". That's up for you to decide. It's a convenient luxury. From my personal experience, I still like it as a portable device that fits right between my phone and my laptop when it comes to size/weight/etc. I find the regular sized ipads slightly too big, especially for bedtime use. If I need a display that big, then I might as well use my laptop and it's desktop OS.

I would buy an upgraded version, especially if it also came with pencil support.
I'm a pretty big fan of the "Apple Experience", but there isn't an Apple PS4, for example. I wish I could bring it into the experience.
I see the olympic flairs now, I think it wasn't coincidence we got Russia?

^Even ^though ^it ^was ^Will^Grier^and^the^Gators ^that ^did ^performance ^enhancing ^drugs. ^definitely^still^not^salty^about^it
Too real! We're almost home, step 19 just done.
About 20 bands in, last time I checked?

I match for outfit when I go out, for mood when I am at home.

I don't keep track of how often I wear each one, but I have them all in a little box. Once a band makes it to the bottom of the box, I know it hasn't been worn for a while, and I try to put it on next time.

I haven't bought any, but I would love to get that orange cinturrini(sic) band that is posted here sometimes.

I wish I had a few more differently colored leather bands (classic/modern buckle), but the price point is on the upper edge of what I can afford, so I get those much more slowly than I do the sport bands.
Is there a way to invite nightbot in the mod room and manipulate it from there? So we can add/delete commands without spamming the stream chat.
Who are the frog people? I see they are at the edge of the rich area too. Is that Ljubljana?
Bad bot
I'm not concerned about the achievements themselves, but mostly by the mindset.

"I got xyz achievement", or "Here's my goal streak!" Being healthy, staying fit, and leading an active lifestyle should be a reward on its own, not just something to do to get "Achievement" validation. But then I personally never liked "Achievements/trophies/etc" in games much either, I recognise I'm biased.
> I did find out that Greece used the same numbering system in the past, but it was outdated way back in 2003 to be replaced with the EU-band car plate system.

There's still plenty of cars on the road from before 2003. Older cars didn't have to turn in their plates for new ones. Even then, the numbering system is the same, the only change is the addition of the EU flag with the GR letters on the side.

NZB would be a car registered in Thessaloniki. Also, the NZ line numbers have been exhausted since quite some time, which makes it even more possible it's an older car still on the road. The circle on the middle also fits, it's a national emblem (or a tax sticker).

Some northern Greeks (esp Macedonians and Thracians) have been learning Bulgarian since you guys come visit our tourist destinations often, or we come up there to buy stuff and/or conduct business. That could explain the accent.
The VI Opera performance in Distant Worlds is amazing.
I remember getting my first laptop around 1999-2000. It had an LCD screen. So much trailing. Pixels so big you could easily see them. We've come a long way, but they weren't perfect back then.
I've experienced something weird. I made emotes for myself (3 tiers) and for a friend (2 tiers), using gimp. I adhered to all technical rules (size, dimensions, colors, etc) while making them.

She got affiliated last Saturday, and I got affiliated this Tuesday. Both of her emotes are still pending, while 2/3 of mine were approved in less than 24 hours. I'm surprised that my emotes skipped that far up the queue.
Pretty tasty, but they've nothing on souvlaki. Also, they are more of an LSU delicacy...
Fix Siri talking on HomeKit commands when she’s set to silent please ...
Too many to name all of them.

From those that are currently available, I especially love the Red band, since it matches the dot. I also enjoy the new Dark Teal one.
I would like to see topics about the ancient antiquity (or slightly later) period that are not related to the Greco-Roman world.

"What do you know about ...the Celts? the early Slavs? the early Germanic people? etc"

There's a lot of history that we learn down there that's all about us, and hardly anything about the other cultures of Europe. Of course I could open up a wikipedia page and read about it, but I want to see what other people think about when they look back into their own past. How do those people interact with their ancient history? Do they even at all?
The Persians! Of course.
I think that memes are a great way to diffuse tensions, to be honest. This made me chuckle.
In that case, thanks man.
Very hot .
It's amazing to think that people want to tune in for the ads than the show. It's almost as if the ballgame is secondary. Let's just skip it and just watch ads!

((CFB on CBS has a similar issue. 4 hour games what!))
The constant ad breaks every moment play stops for more than 5 seconds kill the sport in general for me.

I also have a much more personal connection to the college-level game than pro.
I get it sometimes, usually once every couple of months or so. Taking the watch off and putting it back on the charger works. I guess sometimes whatever "handshake" happens between the two fails, and returns this message.
Meicoomon but no Veemon and company ... Feels02Man.
I am a "mid-to-major" donor in a channel I watch (lifetime donations approaching $1k by now). The guy is very entertaining, he knows his gameplay, has a good balance of content. I don't have TV. I watch that streamer as a "show" instead, multiple hours a day. Quality content, check.

He recently went "full-time". Not with a "fuck life, I'll play video games", but after months considering it, calculating it, and saying he'll give it one year of thought before reconsidering if needed. the amount of subs he has is respectable, but by no means enough to say that the guy is making mad dollars. He's got a plan B in case it doesn't work out. He seems genuinely happy each time a donation comes in, it doesn't matter if it's $5 or $100. He's got the right attitude in my books. Quality mindset, check.

I do admit I enjoy the shoutouts, the bits badge, the perks and recognition that comes with being a donor. I have met many people on that streamer's community, and I have watched those other people do (smaller) streams, and they come to watch mine. We chatter in discord, and are friendly to each other. I don't see it as "buying friends", but donating definitely helps enter the community.

Finally, I never -asked- for anything. I didn't say "I paid you, so do xyz". It's his product, and I'm happy to support him. I don't want to influence what he does, past "keep doing the good work".
This looks pretty cool! I hope the adaptor treats the sound quality well.
I understand they are not perfect for all use cases. Wired and wireless headphones have their advantages and disadvantages. For me, it was a pleasant experience - the world did not end with the ditching of the headphone jack on a phone.

If you can try them without penalty, give them a shot. If they end up not working for you, I hope something else does!

I have a pair of wired over-ear headphones for my PC (gaming, skype, late-night, etc), but I have been looking at going wireless there too eventually.
They're definitely not a sport/active set of headphones. I don't know how to properly explain the feeling: there is no "pull" down from my pocket, if that makes sense. With wired headphones, the wire always pulled them down and out of my ears. With these, since the collar rests on the neck, there's nothing to tug on the wires and pull them off my ears. There's nothing going in an out of my jacket pockets during the winter. I've never gone on a run or to the gym with them on, but they're perfect for the office, bus, walking around campus. I can leave my phone in my pocket, on the desk, and never have to worry about picking it up if I'm just changing position, stretching, or walking nearby. Having the "contraption" around the neck is still much more freedom than being wired to the phone.

The neckband itself is plastic and leather, and lighter than it looks. Plus, it has a pretty nice and big battery in that collar. Advertised as 10 hours, but I'm pretty sure I often go over it. It looks sleek and professional instead of gadgety.

[The new version](https://www.amazon.com/Sennheiser-HD1-Free-Bluetooth-multi-connection/dp/B075JGSF2V/) is without a collar, just a wire between the buds, and the controls are on it, so I'd expect them to be even lighter and less intrusive. And I'm sure other brands that market themselves as "active/sporty" will have even lighter options.
Όλοι ξέρουν πως ο Μέγας Αλέξανδρος και οι Μακεντόνσκι του κατέκτησαν την Μέση Ανατολή και μετέδωσαν την Μακεντόνσκι σλάβικη γλώσσα, για αυτό και η ορίτζιναλ Καινή Διαθήκη γράφτηκε στα σλαβικά! 

Legit. /s
HD-1 earbuds.
When I first bought a phone without the jack, I just attached the adaptor to my headphones and then forgot about it.

After a while, I bought some beats to see what the fuss is all about. Horrible sound. Returned them and was about to admit we might still need a wire.

I then got a good pair of Sennheiser Bluetooth headphones that sounded just like the wired ones I had before (also Senns).

I now use them even on devices that still have a headphone jack. Fuck wires. 
She has been voicing her feedback for all HomeKit commands I give her, but nothing else. That's been ever since... 4.1? I think. Is it the same for you? Or is it even worse?
[It's already been tried here. Didn't go that well.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_Grays)
Was that a new feature in ios4 I might have missed? Without the app you can only customize a specific "monogram" complication in some faces only. Unless I'm mistaken.
[Personal](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/personal-emoji-note-reminders-for-watch-faces/id1030514021?mt=8) app, allows you to put any symbol/emoji/short text as a complication. You open the app on the phone and just type it in! There are other similar apps on the store as well.

I got the Apple symbol by copying it from the Unicode database.
I don't use this face often, but the dark brown background, combined with the blue leather band, make a perfect match for my shirt.

Somewhat hairy arm and bony wrist alert.
Completely personal opinion, but I think that a lot of the "coolest" digimon are Vaccines. My parties in both CS games ended up being vaccine-heavy, with a few viruses, and just 1-2 data mons that I carried just for the type. Mastemon? Vaccine. Imperialdramon? Free (vac if taken to Paladin Mode). Apart from Jesmon, I can't think of a data-type that I really really like.

Then you get to see mons like Wargreymon/BlackWargreymon that are relatively easily attainable, and have piercing attacks that cheese the game - especially given the eater-focused chapters, with their absurd defense. There is no Data equivalent (I believe. Plesiomon, maybe?) that is just as effective and cool.

Finally, starter mon choice is sort of irrelevant, since you can easily switch to another line with just a couple of evolutions. A Tentomon or a Hagurumon can still become a Data type mega if you want it to be.
It's funny how it's the same webpage for a bunch of different schools, with just the name and nickname of each school copy/pasted. No supplies that might be relevant to one school specifically.
Each paragraph title repeats the school name too, so that it pops up more easily on google.

And of course, a link to buy printed shirts on the bottom of each school.

Yes, I hate fun this morning.
Ah, my apologies.
Honestly, the Watch is a very "personal" device, and that's why you see so many reviews that range from "ok toy" to "lifechanging". I personally always liked digital watches, so when the Apple Watch came out, it was a non-brainer. Given that you have an iPhone X, there is no other wearable that offers tighter integration with your phone.

The easiest solution would be to buy it and try it out for yourself. If you end up loving it, keep it. If you don't, then you are free to return it to Apple (assuming you buy directly from them) during the return period.
How long ago did you buy your watch? If you're within your return period, it's no questions asked.

If you're a few weeks past your return date, you *might* be able to get a store manager to accept a return and exchange (with you paying the difference, of course). It's not definite policy, but I've seen anecdotes in the sub before of people who were able to do that when they went in. The closer you are to your purchase date, the more possible it would be that they'd accept to do it for you. Worse case, they deny you.

I see users posting aluminum watches with leather bands sometimes on this sub. A quick dig might show you more pictures and it might not be as big of a problem for you - that's up to your own personal opinion, however.
> Το ενδιαφέρον στοιχείο είναι, όμως, ότι η μέση τιμή πώλησης αυξήθηκε στα **238 ευρώ από 232** ευρώ, δείγμα ότι οι Έλληνες καταναλωτές προτιμούν ακριβότερες συσκευές με καλύτερα χαρακτηριστικά.

6 ευρώ διαφορά. Οι Έλληνες προτιμούν ακριβότερα τηλέφωνα κατά 6 ευρώ έναντι με πέρυσι. Δεν είναι πως αφήσανε το αλκατέλ για να πάρουνε Galaxy Note 8.

> Η στροφή προς καλύτερα smartphones δείχνει να είναι και ο λόγος που η Wind αποφάσισε να δώσει έμφαση στο Galaxy A8 [...]

Και ακολουθεί ολόκληρη παράγραφος να διαφημίζει το Α8. Όπως και αμέσως μετά την εισαγωγή του άρθρου.

> Σύμφωνα με τα στοιχεία που παρουσίασαν τα στελέχη της Wind Ελλάς, το 2017 πουλήθηκαν στην ελληνική αγορά 2,1 εκατ. smartphones, αριθμός λίγο χαμηλότερος σε σχέση με τα 2,24 εκατ. που ήταν τόσο το 2016 όσο και το 2015 με την πτώση να είναι της τάξεως του 6%.

6% διαφορά, με πόσο confidence interval?

> Ένα άλλο στοιχείο, πάντως, που έχει ενδιαφέρον είναι ότι οι Έλληνες καταναλωτές χρησιμοποιούν όλο και περισσότερο τα smartphones τους για πρόσβαση στο Internet. Είναι χαρακτηριστικό το β’ εξάμηνο του 2017 η κίνηση του δικτύου 4G της Wind [...]

Δε λέω, μεγάλη η Wind, αλλά όχι η μόνη στο ολιγοπόλιο.

Περισσότερο bs από την ιστορία με την Ελενίτσα το "άρθρο".
I have one too, it's much more grayish and less pronounced. I think the color balance on this photo is skewed way too much toward blue. Look at how dark the lock icon is.
I took some photos of my Cosmos Blue band (and other bands) a couple of months ago. [Here is the album.](https://imgur.com/a/yTtYc)

In my opinion, I think that the steel lug clashes with the aluminum body.
It might be discontinued. There's only 1-2 months before the Spring band refresh comes out, and there's a real possibility the Fall colors will go out.

I see it [available on Bestbuy](https://www.bestbuy.com/site/apple-sport-band-for-apple-watch-42mm-dark-olive/5533800.p?skuId=5533800). Do they ship to Canada?
I got mine with my original Watch back when it launched. It's a beautiful and comfortable band, and it's held up extremely well in those two and a half years of use. I'd recommend it if you have a steel watch.
I have a magnesium-bodied laptop.

When It's time to work on the laptop, I almost always have a sport band on. The fluoelastomer is soft enough to not cause any trouble, and the laptop hasn't ruined it at all. Of course I avoid resting the pin on the laptop.
If the occasion calls for a metal band, I am wearing a long sleeve shirt where the watch can just slide inside my sleeve so that it's not touching the surface directly.
They did revise the Classic Buckle a couple of times.
EUROPE WELCOMED US ALL
And the interface, please. Can it play sound from multiple non-airplay, wired inputs? If it's supposed to be a killer speaker, why not?
Nice! Enjoy it.
A new milanese is $150 (usd). That leaves $90 for the watch. I think that S0 watches went for about 90-120 last time I checked - I could be wrong or using outdated numbers.

I would say it all depends on the quality of the band. If it's well-taken care of, then it's worth it - as you can use the band if you get another watch in the future (assuming Apple does not mess up the band connector shape in a future iteration). IF not, then you're better off buying a used watch for 100ish usd and then getting a new milanese loop.

If the band is banged up, scratched, etc, then I would say pass on that deal.
I'll add my vote for 38mm. It's more "square" than the more "elongated" 42mm.
Space Black Link Bracelet. I saw the combo once in the store, and it's absolutely sexy.

I have a "silver" steel watch, and the Link Bracelet feels like the band that was "meant" for the steel watch. The way it meshes with the body, the way the weight is balanced, the way it looks both classy and slightly futuristic.sport bands looks great when wearing casually, but a steel band makes it look classy and professional for when you dress up. No complaints.
I think the S2 alumbody back is composite. I'm sorry I can't be of much use. I've no personal experience with allergy, but I can guess how aggravating it must be for something you're really excited to use to be useless like that.

And I totally understand that you're not excited about an expensive paperweight. No idea if a nylon band (their nylon or sport loop) would have the same reaction or not. But as you said, that'd be an additional purchase - and then you'd have 14 days to see if your body reacts to that band or not before the return window closes.
I guess someone in legal had to write that response you got. They have to be able to say "look, we told the person not to touch the watch, plain and clear", in case you sue them for medical damages if your reaction inflames you.

Out of curiosity, which watch body (aluminum? steel?) do you have? ceramic or composite sensor/back (aluminum gps models have a composite back, aluminum LTE models have a ceramic back, steel+ models have ceramic back)? what type of band? Maybe a different watch AND band might cause a smaller reaction. But then, that's what your dermatologist would be able to tell.

Are you still in the return window? Even if you're not, you might want to try talking to the manager at your local apple store, they might be able to do a return for you if you explain reasonably and courteously that the watch is causing an allergic reaction. Not guaranteed, but worth a shot.
+ the Dark Teal band for this past Winter.
Both.

If that’s not acceptable... I’d say the sport band!
While not exactly “multi-users”, you can enable Guided Access and that locks your phone on the currently used app.
NP and enjoy! There's some time left today to complete one and get back on track!
Did you complete a workout on those days? The dot indicates a workout, not that you closed all the rings.
I know it's not exactly what you need, but if you have a steel watch with a link bracelet it looks very, very professional and "classy", and much less of a "gadget/toy" as an aluminum watch with a sport band on. Sure, the shape is similar, but the look and feel are different.

To make a good looking steel case, it would have to be bulky, since I'd expect some padding between the case and the watch to avoid scratching hell. That'd make the watch look even bigger on your wrist.

Promotional shots also tend to downplay the size of the face relative to the top/bottom edges of the band, in my opinion.
I'm linking a couple of shots from an older post of mine, so you can contrast with the official promotional pictures. Note that I'm wearing a 38mm watch: [1](https://i.imgur.com/S0cVvhd.jpg) [2](https://i.imgur.com/47ii5u0.jpg) [3](https://i.imgur.com/wOyEI0A.jpg) [4](https://i.imgur.com/sLw9HbX.jpg)
Don't forget, now that you have it, add her address on her contact on your contacts book! It allows you to have it available much more quickly than digging around old texts. Plus you can even then use siri for it, for example "Get me driving directions to mom".
My wrist is about 155mm in circumference, I have a similar height to yours, and I went with the 38mm. 42mm looked too big, imo.

Think of any potential bands you might want to buy. If you want a leather loop band in the future, then 42mm is the only way. If you'd like a Modern Buckle, 38mm is the only way. I think a couple of the Hermes bands are also only available for a specific size.
I'm pretty surprised we're not painted red and in need of direct liberation. Especially some of the poor, oppressed, suffering islands. /s
Just replace tyres with mini surfboards?
Absolutely gorgeous band and combo. We need more of those original third party band designs.

Are the lugs true ceramic too? Or just clear/white plastic?
Pity they're not building a real park like that.
It's a little bit hard to see the details, since the Apple one has white (and very visible) velcro weave, while the knockoff is all black.
nice
I hope your boosters are smarter than ours and buy him one (or five) asap.
I just want them to have an HDMI input (or multiple) so that I can use any device I want with them. A couple of homepods should be able to act as a desktop speaker replacement, instead of having a homepod AND legacy speakers.
I would absolutely recommend the Modern Buckle leather band as a both classy and comfortable band. In my personal opinion, it is even softer and more comfortable than the sport loops, which is what most other users recommend. 
All Hail Alabama, SEC Champions 2018-2058?
That's how he treats his works - they're all passed down as a legend from the past, and Tolkien just chronicles that for us. 

My personal opinion on Aelfwine is that he seems sort of half-thought. Why would a human suddenly get access to the "West" after thousands of years of non-contact once all elves are gone from Middle-earth? And if he came back, how would he bring back Biblo's work, which in theory stayed in Middle-earth, and thus could have been passed down to the eventual English people without divine intervention?
Thanks! I'll edit that in.

DRM stops you.

The sub is still in spoiler mode. Every single post is set as spoiler to protect readers after the new episode airs. Mods usually turn it off 24 hrs after the episode, but I guess they forgot this week.
Bilbo wrote his original Memoir, as well as the "Translations from the Elvish" in the "Red Book". Translations from the Elvish is a bunch of stories that are complied in the real-world published *Silmarillion*.

Frodo added his own story in the same Red Book, and then passed it down to Sam. Sam's descendants (thanks /u/DonOntario ) lived in Westmarch, hence the book was known as *The Red Book of Westmarch*. The original book was lost (destroyed? forgotten?) but multiple copies were made, including additional notes on those books. Those notes could be corrections, or additions to the Appendices.

Aragorn, as king Elessar, requested a copy of the book so that he could preserve it in the libraries of Gondor instead of the book being only in the Shire. Pippin had become the Thain of the Shire by that point, and brought a copy down to the King.

How did the book make it to Tolkien? At some point he had a story idea that, Aelfwine, an old English mariner somehow made it to the "True West", where the "Powers" live, and where Frodo, Bilbo, Gandalf, and most Elves sail to at the end of the Lord of the Rings, and that Alefwine brought those stories back, translating them into Old English. Tolkien finds a surviving copy of the Thain's Book, and translates it to modern English, publishing it for everyone else to read.

All the above hangs on the conceit that the story in Tolkien's works is a fictional pre-history of our own world.

Christopher Tolkien (JRR's son and editor of all his posthumous works) eventually scrubbed all mention of Aelfwine from the published stories.

edit: fixed typos
I ended up getting a small & cheap bluetooth keyboard to have by the side as I use the flipped screen to draw/write.
Odd, I can still see the 5-star rating in my music. It syncs between my phone and my library too every time I sync the phone.
Pretty much this, as per my flair. After a while day of doing stuff and watching football that I have personal interest on(SEC, I guess), I like turning on the PAC-12 late games, get drunk, and just watch without care. Turns out there's plenty of good games too.
As a *not-a-customer-only*, I appreciate the answer! See you when you come back. Next game Stone Nothing, the map that rocks ;)
At what point do your viewers start feeling more like your "customers" than a bunch of friends you watch a game with? How do you expect your interaction with chat to change as your channel (hopefully) grows and there's more regulars, more donors, more fans?
The three ones I went to so far were pretty well-behaved, thankfully!
....anyway, let's move on.
Set the rules of qualification BEFORE THE SEASON STARTS. Like almost any other serious sport out there. Doesn't matter if you're Alabama or UCF or Baylor, do what you need to do and get a seat.

But if there's only a clear, mathematical rule, ESPN cannot generate drama by having the "weekly playoff rankings show" and all the articles/videos/drama/publicity/ADS that surrounds a human committee's decision. So they'd never do it.
There's been a lot of stark changes in policy (both internal and external) once SDSM took over.

My question is - how much of that will stay once/if VMRO comes back into power?
They usually do, especially for the more neutral/standard colors (like the Black Nike Sport Band). The ones that have a tag "limited availability only" are the ones that are in danger of running out forever. Apple usually refreshes their band collection 3 times a year (spring, summer, fall).

I waited for a while before the Modern Buckle I wanted went back into stock, and it became sold out again pretty soon after I bought it.
I hate to be "back in my day", but in the old times, you unlocked special funny skins by playing the game. Now you buy them from lootboxes, and "it's ok if it's only cosmetic microtransactions".
> Ένας από τους λόγους που έχουμε τους αριθμητικούς βαθμούς είναι ότι progress matters. Η καλύτερη συμμετοχή ή έστω και το λίγο διάβασμα αφήνουν στον καθηγητή περιθώριο να το δείξει με το να ανεβάσει το βαθμό έστω λίγο. Το Α Β Γ δεν είναι βαθμολογιση, είναι κατηγοριοποίηση. Και είναι troubling για άλλους λόγους επίσης. 

Διδάσκω σε πανεπιστήμιο (ΗΠΑ), και αυτό είναι μονίμως πρόβλημα στο τέλος του κάθε εξαμήνου. 89% -> Β, αλλά 90% -> Α. Μία μονάδα έχει τόσο, τόσο μεγάλη διαφορά στο τελικό βαθμό.
Και φυσικά, όσοι φοιτητές είναι ακριβώς στο όριο, αρχίζουν τα δακρύβρεχτα μέιλ για να τους ανεβάσω το βαθμό μόλις κοινοποιήσω τους βαθμούς.
It's worth noting that colloquially, we still call it *μπετόν, betón*. *Σκυρόδεμα* is the formal word you'd see in a lawsuit or in a contract, or on the sign of a construction company, but few people use it in everyday speech.

The person that mixes it is commonly called *μπετατζής, betatzis*, and a concrete-mixxing truck is commonly called *μπετονιέρα, betoniéra*, a transliteration of the French *bétonnière*.
You mean about an hour, because I haven't been peddled enough cars, insurance for the car, and fast food places to drive to using my newly bought/insured car.
When the ca$hola runs out.
Next! Game! Forest! Nothing!
I slide that into my PC bag and I'm on my way. I only need to carry one lightning cable (for the watch dock, ipad and iphone), instead of lightning + watch cable. I'd say the dock looks deceptively large in promo photos.
I tried autosleep but it ended up annoying me more than being functional. So now I have the S0 sitting around just being backup just in case my S3 has something unfortunate happen to it.
I have a small wrist (about 155mm) and went for the 38mm. The battery is a nonissue, even when I had an S0 it lasted comfortably all day, and now even more on the the S3.

I’ve never felt that my screen was cramped. I compared once against a friend’s 42mm and did not feel constrained.

Think about potential bands you’d want to get. Some bands (like the modern buckle) are only 38mm, while others (leather loop and Hermès deployment clasp) are only 42mm. This could influence your decision too.
...I didn't even know that Andorra had a league of its own. TIL!
I wasn't even thinking of THAT corruption when I posted, but I'll take it. FIFA is extremely corrupt on how they split the money, award tournament hosts, etc... and yet the rules for qualification are pretty good.
Or my favorites, the Netherlands. They were on the final game just two tournaments ago, and look at them now, all out of a seat...
>  In every single other level of college and professional sport, there is an extensive playoff system that grants any and all teams the possibility of playing for a national/world championship. 

I'm a foreigner but I have really fallen in love with college football. THIS is what triggers me the most. It smells corruption and illegitimacy that there is no clear and hardcoded rules for promotion to the final stage, rules that are set before the first play of the season is snapped. The rules are set before the competition starts, so you can't handwave Brazil or Germany in, like they did with Alabama this year or OSU last year. Imagine if FIFA chose the teams to participate in the World Cup using a "committee", how many more calls of corruption would be out there.

I like bringing up Oceania as an example. As a confederation, they are very weak in association football, so they don't get any autobids in the World cup finals. New Zealand won the group for this year's World Cup Qualification. A "Committee" could have told them "Gg, but you're out, because we'd rather put a 3rd/4th place team from another continent". Instead of that, they got the chance to qualify by playing against Peru, who finished 5th in their CONMEBOL group. NZ ended up losing, so they won't be in the World Cup, but at least they had the chance to earn their spot, *on-field*, instead of someone just saying "Nah, Peru is better than you, because "committee"".

UCF was like New Zealand. Probably not a "win it all team", coming from a "weaker conference", but they did well enough to at least get the chance to play with the "big boys" before being sent home. Did UCF deserve a top 4 spot? I don't know, probably not. Did they deserve a chance to at least qualify? Yes, absolutely so. Even if that meant them getting rolled by the Tide, it would have been an objective, on-field result that nobody could dispute.
> but decides to add a bunch of sleep during the day while I’m sitting down or even standing up, sometimes

Happened to me when I tried it out, ended up uninstalling and not bothering with sleep tracking anymore.
I assume that French Citizens can travel to places like Martinique and French Guiana with just their French ID, since it's technically the same country. Not sure if that would also be true for other EU citizens, or if there's a special provision to need passports from them.
She's been doing that to me (also on controlling homekit lights) since the latest software update. Haven't found a solution yet - but I haven't tried unpairing/re-pairing yet.
I have a X but I'd still absolutely recommend the 8. It's got the same internals as the X, so you're not missing out on processing power.

The one thing I'd be cautious about is the screen - Samsung makes some really great OLED panels, and depending on how much you are used to it (or care) you might find the 8's panel less than nice.
[This mock "House" episode.](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/5mi51d/what_is_your_fetish_and_how_did_it_go_wrong_when/dc419is/)
I like higher fps because it's more more fluid and less blurry.

Sound and color were "unnatural in movies" when they were introduced too.
A lot of bootleg milanese loops have unshielded magnets.

Mine never sticks to my laptop, but I'm still somewhat afraid of scratching the band or the body of the laptop, so I usually swap to a sport band or something else when typing on the lappy.
It's ok, the magic Shea Patterson is coming up there to solve everything!
I would assume t might come back for pride month around June again ? Who knows for sure though ...
Not to mention the different resolution displays, widely different processing power between bargain and flagship...
All I know is that I've heard this conspiracy before the iphone 6 was even a thing - so while the battery/throttling issue is very much valid, I believe that a lot of those who bought into that conspiracy feel vindicated even if they had this belief for far longer than the case was actually "true".

In some weird sort of way, Apple finally "gave" them what they wanted.
Have a fart "Song" on your phone loaded and ready to go on the Music app.
Then open the "Now Playing" applet on the watch and hit "play".
I still use the lightning cable that came with my 5s so many years ago. It's yellowed a little bit, but it's fine.

Anecdotal evidence is still only anecdotal, for both sides of this "Argument".
[Spicy Orange Sport Loop](https://www.apple.com/shop/product/MQW12AM/A/38mm-spicy-orange-sport-loop)
It’s how I ended up with one two years ago. I went to the store just to check it out and see how it feels... walked out with a grin and a box.
You'll absolutely love it.
Used the S0 SS for 2.5 years until I got the S3. I had no scratches on the sapphire display, and only a tiny tiny tiny bump on the side of the steel that I caused when I smacked it against a doorway accidentally. The bump is so small you'd have to look for the "Scarring" using a magnifying glass, but it's there.

Common sense and good care beat out hiding the beautiful steel body in a bumper case, in my opinion. I'm not sure about the Aluminum version though.
Most premium phone but most basic watch? /s

Welcome on board! Enjoy it!
That’s a pretty cool concept! Watch and bead bracelet all at once.
Apple is much more visible.

The Nexus 6P had a similar problem where the phone shut down when the battery degraded. But it got much less publicity.

Then the Note 7 was...well, we know what happened with that.
Thanks! I think I’ll give it a shot.
I'm slightly confused on exactly how much Apple Watch support will I get if I purchase the app but not a subscription. From your webpage and the itunes app page, it looks like Watch functionality is only available if I subscribe. Mind clarifying how much will I get from that over the stock weather complications if I don't?
I'm not sure what you mean by "Elastic"? The Fluoelastomer sports bands?

I have an SS model and I use both the sport bands and the more classy/formal (leather/steel) bands. I usually put on a steel/leather band when I go for a night out or when I have a "serious" meeting, while I wear the sports bands when I'm at home, more casual, etc.

Having said that, I have seen people in suits wearing plastic fitbits, so there's an anecdotal observation from my part that people are fine wearing more "gadgety" accessories than dressing up their wearable.

If you go for a sport band, the color is important. A White, Black, Dark Blue, etc sport band still looks very professional with the watch, while more colorful options like Spicy Orange or Flash clash a lot.
I don't find them particularly enticing, but I appreciate that they design their own bands.
Gorgeous! It helps that the color is discontinued, so I assume you got lucky with a sale.

I think the Modern Buckle is one of the most surprising bands, very few people go for it, even if it's so comfortable, light, and beautiful.
I'd say Ruby Red, as it's probably going to go away once the band collection changes in the Spring. The normal Red is offered through collection changes, so you can pick it up later on down the road.
Time to start filling the other arm!
This is a really pretty band! Nice!
Happy holidays and a happy new year full of a sense of pride and accomplishment !
IANAL, but I have been a graduate student representative on my University's Academic Appeals Committee for two years at a Public University in the southern US. This response might or might not be relevant to you depending on how similar our schools are.

Our policy is similar to what you describe: if an instructor believes that academic dishonesty has happened, they are supposed to first discuss it informally with the student before logging an official case (if the informal discussion does not clear it up). Once the case is lodged, the committee reviews the case, which includes the instructor's AND the student's written testimony and version of events, as well as a copy of the alleged academic violation (paper/homework/exam/etc with the suspect areas marked and explained). The committee can decide to uphold, dismiss, or hold a hearing for the case. Attorneys can be present during the hearing, but cannot speak. The committee consists of faculty and student representatives. A professor CANNOT just fail you without documenting the alleged dishonesty with the committee.

My advice to you is to search the school's directory for the chairman of the Academic Honesty Board/Committee and contact them directly. Be COURTEOUS and to the point - in a typical semester there's a ton of cases to review, and most of those end up being upheld. Sadly, most appeals are very flimsy, and in my tenure in the committee the students who had a legitimate appeal were few compared to the cases we upheld. You want to set yourself apart by being reasonable and courteous. Mention that you believe you have been wrongly assigned an F for alleged dishonesty without the correct policy being followed. See if the instructor ever contacted that person or body before logging the grade. If the committee has been contacted, ask about the process and how can you lodge an appeal. CC your department/program head once you have established communication to ensure that your registration for the Spring semester isn't affected while you are sorting this problem out.

If you cannot find that committee head on the directory, ask at the Dean of Students or the Provost's office. They would be the ones that know who the person to talk to is - and if your school is in any way similar to mine, representatives from one of those two offices will be sitting on the honesty committee and be on a first name basis with the chairman. If the committee doesn't help you get your due process according to school policy, then you should inquire at the Office of the Provost directly.
Merry Christmas! And a happy new year (full of shitposting).
I was mostly tongue-in-cheek anyway! I've had quite a few tasty Greek-inspired plates while in the US even if they were not "technically" greek. I'll still be on the lookout for lamb (that I miss a lot), regardless!

p.s. aren't the animals in the picture goats anyway? We might have been "arguing" for nothing. 
Sure! Next time you're in [Thessaloniki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thessaloniki), let's go find some lamb gyros!

I love me some lamb meat, don't get me wrong, but I've never seen any of my compatriots make a "lamb gyros" before.
Thankfully gyros is pork, not goat!
Is there any major dating app left that hasn't sold off to Facebook? As far as I know Tinder and Bumble don't even allow you to have an independent profile.
PCalc is the equivalent of a physical scientific calculator with a bunch of conversions, ticker tape, and cool features, too, not just a $1 pad with just the basic operations.
Always wash your produce before you eat it? Because of residual pesticides? Good message!
Yes. If you go for any Apple Steel or Leather band, the lugs will match the steel version. It's much more versatile when dressing up than the Aluminum ones, that look more "Gadget/toy-like". It's absolutely worth it if "money is not an issue".
[Here.](https://www.apple.com/shop/watch/bands) 
UNSUBSCRIBE
Go for the Link Bracelet. Absolutely beautiful and brilliant band. It feels like the steel watch was made for that band instead of the sports bands.
Is that the innovation Comcast is about to unleash on us now that they are no longer stifled by overreaching regulations ?
I don't think asking for such a thing as a "vote" in such a regime is really good.
Age of Empires φυσικά. Αν και πια περισσότερο βλέπω στο twitch παρά να παίζω.
EXP probably follows a YYMMDD format: 181104. So it expires on 2018, November, 4th.

The lot number is the number of the batch: 161104. Probably made on Nov 4th 2016.  
Looks like your product has a shelf life of 2 years.
That's one of the great things about buying legitimate products. The customer service when something goes wrong. Enjoy your new band!
Remember that the important thing is your health - if you exercise regularly, that's what your body cares about, not imaginary full circles. Keep at it, and remember to enjoy yourself once in a while!
How do you feel about the non-matching color between lug and watch body?
BLT*
I've had the same issue since the update last week!

So far restarting the watch, changing the siri setting doesn't work. I haven't wiped and re-paired yet because I don't want to deal with the apple pay re-paring of cards hassle just yet.
My argument is that catering to magnetic stripe readers lowers overall security, when we should be pushing for chip/tap readers everywhere.


Gas station skimmers are an example. Sure, a Samsung pay user will be secure, but everyone else who has to swipe a physical magnetic card isn’t.
But why does the "Euro Bond" graphic have a dollar sign on it?
If they have an NFC terminal or another indication that "Tap to pay" is available, it should work just fine, even if the Apple Pay branding is missing.

If it's using Samsung's "magnetic stripe emitter" or whatever it's called, it won't. Samsung's solution makes it easier for shops to keep using their magnetic stripe readers instead of moving on to chip and/or tap readers. The price of more wide use is less security.

The rationale for them using an own app is branding, tracking and advertising/data collection. Mobile payments are a new big thing, and shops are opening their own "Shop Pay" solutions so that they can get the card processing fees for themselves instead of letting the banks and/or Apple/Google/etc have a cut. It also allows them to track you more easily. Paying by NFC does not give your card number to the store, so they can't as easily build a profile around you. Using an app that you sign up for means they have you as a user in their database and can see every single item you buy and make a customer profile they can track and use for internal analytics or sell to a third party.
And just for clarification, you can also use all of the standard AW faces even with a Nike+ version of the watch, so the Nike branding can become pretty much invisible.
Needs a "dumps taken" complication counter.
>  according to a Star television report

Star TV is the channel that reports celebrity news and other similar quality programming.

There's also no word about how to resolve the disputes over history, demonyms, airport names, etc, etc.

I'll wait for a source with more info before I decide how I feel about this. And I'd like the current government on our side of the border to make sure we're okay with this before they sign our concerns away from their seat in Athens.
I made a thread a few weeks ago about the Classic and Modern Buckle leather bands. You can find the [thread here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AppleWatch/comments/7hd5if/comparison_modern_buckle_vs_classic_buckle_bonus/), or a [direct link to the album](https://imgur.com/a/yTtYc) if you don't want to read my rambling.

For your second question, I absolutely prefer brown/colored bands. Black on its own is too boring! But the Midnight Blue is close enough to "serious dark" for my tastes.
Can we persuade you to maybe post a few pics of the velcro?
You probably set the 6 digit code without thinking much about it after you erased the phone. If it's not something you'd usually put, I guess you can try 111111, 000000 or 123456 . If you're still out of ideas, try DFU and that should bypass it, I believe. It's definitely not the encryption password, only itunes would ask for this to unpack your backup.
Just to make sure, there's three different passwords at play:

1) Your AppleID password. You need that for activation lock.  
2) Your iphone Passcode. That's set up the first time the phone powers up (either new, or after a complete wipe).  
3) The backup encryption password. That's specific to the backup.

When you wiped the phone, it should have "forgotten" the first two, and asked you to set up a new passcode - the default setting for that is 6 digits. Once you set the passcode, it asks you about setting up as a new phone or restoring from backup, at which point you need to provide the encryption password to itunes.

You said you got a new phone. Is the new phone actually new? Or did you get it second hand from someone that might still have it locked? You might want to try putting the new phone in [DFU mode](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201263) and then "Restore" from your backup to force a wipe and restore from itunes.
The passcode is unique to the device and not carried over by a backup. You set it on the new device before restoring the backup.

When you're first asked to make a passcode there's a small option to change the passcode type to alphanumeric.
I have two steel and two leather bands, those only really match the one I have. While I like the SBSS look, I don't really want to hop over just yet.
The mobile "gaming" industry.

I thought that once we got powerful smartphones, we'd get experiences like DS/PSP games on phones. No longer need to buy a console, and have good, engrossing games on a phone? Sign me up! What we got instead was this "free to play" nonsense.
Probably gets the op arrested for public indecency, exposure of minors to adult material or something of the sort. 
Every time I see the SB I feel jealous and double guess myself for committing to the simple steel version.
\* foot man  
either from the fetish or war.
Πίστα F1 στο Μενίδι αλά Βραζιλία πότε;
> Single player games will need to find another solution

Like selling a game for a one-time-fee price at the beginning instead of paying for gameplay?
I do if it’s on it’s charging pad or something soft, like a cloth mousepad. Plus it’s rude to have my phone out while eating with people!
It is all a calculated risk. I think that the X is beautiful, and hiding it in a case takes away some of the point of the glass and steel body, the milky white back, the "all screen" factor. Hiding it in a case adds security, using it naked makes me enjoy it more. Not for showing off, but when I personally look at it. I'm not judging other people for wanting to be safe. I want to be safe too! It's up to each individual to calculate the expected risk vs the price + "loss of enjoyment" that comes with a case.

Let's say that a case costs $20. The price of a "full body damage" replacement for the X is $549. That makes the case's price 20/549 = 3.64% of the cost of replacement. What is the probability of me dropping the phone on a shattering accident throughout its lifetime? If the probability is above >3.64%, then it makes financial sense to buy a case (if the case could protect the phone completely, too).

Then people add their own modifiers, emotional or otherwise to the above math. For example, I personally try to minimize my exposure to situations that reduce accidents. Yes, it could happen 5 minutes after I post this post. My track record says that even if it's completely possible to have an accident, the probability of that is smaller than the risk-neutral probability calculated above. Case vs no case is the age-old question of "is insurance worth it or not?" Different people and different use cases will arrive at different answers. We buy car insurance and health insurance because a single accident can cause financial ruin- and society is so risk averse that it mandates the purchase of such insurance. But phone insurance? That's comparatively a much much cheaper item to replace. I personally try to mitigate risk as much as possible. Others choose the insurance. I don't judge anyone. Your device, your rules on how it's handled and protected.

Let's have a quick napkin math look at Applecare+. It's a $199 cost + $99 per incident for damage to the body. That is $298. The cost of replacement out of AC is $549. That's 54.2%. It means that Applecare+ makes sense if you have a whopping 54.2% chance or more of shattering your phone. One can make a more accurate calculation by including the fact that AC+ allows you TWO replacements over the course of the warranty, or make a different calculation for screen damage only).

My final comment is on the "certainty" of cases. I have seen friends, students, others, with cases on their phones and still shattered screens. Do cases offer 100% protection against any accident? If I case my phone, drop it, it lands the wrong way and it still gets a gash, then was the case even worth it in the end?

I think that in the end, as long as someone understands the risks and probabilities, they can make their own rational decision. No judging from my side, since each person is different, and therefore each person's risk probability might be higher, lower, or equal to the risk neutral breakpoints I have calculated.
I've been through many many phones, four old-timey phones and five iPhones, and I always always take very good care of them. Never had a drop, never had an accident or an oopsie.

Of course I could just trip and fall tomorrow, shattering my glass! ...but then, I'm the type of person that does not walk while using their phone. I stand on the side and hold it with both hands if it needs my attention (with one eye around me for runners/joggers/bicycles, etc) and I'm not sitting down somewhere safe and comfortable. Having a Watch makes it even less of a need to have my phone out in anywhere but when I'm sitting down.
Oh, a case is always good if you're out and about. I did have a case for my SE (and am considering one for my X, as I said above) for the times I don't have a nice soft surface to put it on.
Invest in a charging pad! I have mine on my pad on my desk (one at home, one at my office at school) all the time, for ease of reach and use. Plus I'm always topped off.
So far there's no visible scratching, but I baby it quite extensively. 

The phone is in two possible positions 24/7: either inside a pocket and no other items present in the pocket, or sitting on a charging pad - only touching the soft grippy rubber. I've not laid it down on a table, a desk, a rock, or any other rough or "uncontrolled" surface.
I want to make sure that I don't come off as completely dismissing your concerns. It's good to question things, and it's good to find well-sourced answers to those concerns. Any type of light can be in harmful or non-harmful intensity. The study that you mention are appropriate for levels of exposure produced by devices exponentially more powerful than a phone. Also, the Daily Mail, user forum discussion are not really sourced and peer-reviewed journals. "TSHN.com" returns a domain squat.

It is quite possible that individuals with extreme photo-sensitivity are indeed affected by the emitter. We'll need to wait for a well-sourced study for the iPhone's emitter before we are 100% sure of anything, other than "common sense" that Apple wouldn't intentionally want to burn our eyes off. Flash photography makes our eyes hurt for a moment, but there's very few people that cannot stand it at all - FaceID is probably nowhere near close to that.

As for Samsung's iris scanner, I have ~~three~~ two possible issues to think about: 1) Iris scanners might have a much more narrow beam, compared to FaceID that is more spread out across the face, making the beam more intense. 2) People know it's their eyes that are scanned, so they might unconsciously tense up their eyes during the unlock process, which leads to pain associated with using the device; and ~~3) Samsung literally burned some of their users last year, I could see them blinding them this year.~~
So far going naked.

I am considering the cosmos blue leather case, since it could possibly match my cosmos blue watch band, for when I feel like dressing it up.
Agreed, wearing a leather band always makes me feel the need to be much more careful with what I expose my watch to.
"Baker's Arms" and "Glassblower's Face".

Two professions that work next to giant ovens for uninterrupted hours on end. If the iPhone could produce anywhere near those levels of infrared, we could be using it as a heater.

edit/add: A home's lightbulb isn't hurting you, but if you stood next to an industrial sized visible light torch, that would eventually burn your skin away too. There's harmful levels of visible light, and there's non-harmful levels of infrared light. It's not an all or nothing.
I use "[Vidgets](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/vidgets/id897374553?mt=8)". It offers a ton of little status widgets (cpu, ram, battery, altimeter, timezones, etc..). It also offers a watch app, and you can specify which of those you want to see on the Watch.

[Here](https://i.imgur.com/OCJdGqJ.png) is what it looks like on my watch right now.

edit/add: I believe all the info is pulled from the phone, not sure if it can function without a phone's connection.
Thanks for the pic! It would go pretty well with my cosmos band...
You get hit by a much more powerful source of IR for a much longer time period every day: Sunlight. A few seconds burst of the iPhone's IR on your face is probably well within the limits of anything reasonable, definitely not as much infrared as a hot oven would release.

How's the leather holding up? I'm thinking of getting the case too.
[Here.](https://www.apple.com/shop/product/MQUU2AM/A/38mm-dark-teal-sport-band-s-m-m-l)
This. As harsh as it sounds, if those pictures were anywhere from "mildly important" to "mission critical", they should have been backed up.
It releases on midnight british time. It's already "tomorrow" over there.
So, spicy orange seems just a bit darker than the Hermes one! Do you also have the original orange band to compare with that?
Just got my band! Posted a pic in my [new post here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AppleWatch/comments/7i8znz/the_new_dark_teal_sport_band_is_pretty_much_a/).
Just got my band! Posted a pic in my [new post here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AppleWatch/comments/7i8znz/the_new_dark_teal_sport_band_is_pretty_much_a/).
As expected: when I got my cosmos blue band, I saw that Dark Teal was the most matching face color. Just got my new sport band delivered and it’s pretty much the same color! Just a different material.

The color on the face is slightly darker in real life than what the picture shows.

edit: fingerprint smudge. Amateur pic is amateur!
I'm in a different UofM. Still open?
You could ask the app's developer to support the screen format in their transmission, but I wouldn't hold my breath.
I was part of the "Academic Honesty" board for two years as the graduate student representative in a similar SEC institution. The chair of the committee is knowledgeable in the policy and knows how to best proceed, and I assume it would be similar in UGA. UGA has a [webform](https://uga-advocate.symplicity.com/public_report/index.php/pid573069?) to submit a report on Academic Dishonesty but it looks like it is made for internal users. It might still be worth submitting a report there and explaining the relationship you have with the student.
FaceID. I pick up the phone, and I'm in, no extra touch needed.

I like the "swipe" because now my finger is on top of my app drawer, ready to select an app. It feels like a much more fluid experience than setting my finger on the circle and THEN pulling it up to select an app. It's two very similar motions, but with FaceID it's quicker and smoother.

When launching a bank app, 1password, or something else protected, I don't even need to move my finger from the screen.
Brazil could have beaten Argentina. But they still lost to Germany in the semi-final. No, I would not consider them deserving to win the World Cup if they had advanced past their loss.

Fernando Alonso is a really great F1 driver, but his Honda hardware was wonky. I would not consider him for this year's Championship, even if he's one of the most skilled on the grid.

Part of the competition is getting to the final round, and Alabama did not even escape their division, or their conference. Similar to tOSU last year.

"Best Team" and "Tournament Winner" are two very different things. In my opinion, have the polls and the committees do their math all day long and crank out the mathematical "best team", but then have a fair-rules playoff where it's all decided on the field.
I’ve been in Oxford for 8 years and never heard of it before either .
For point 2... I don't work for a dairy company, I don't even drink milk that much, but I think Almond/Soy/Tuna "Milk" isn't really milk. Just call is Almond Juice or something, similar to how other fruit or vegetable liquid extracts are called juices. I guess my beef is with the nomenclature.
I copied a sample playlist, but it's all I can see once it was done copying. The original post implies you can browse your whole iPhone collection on the Watch again.
I'm waiting for my Dark Teal (also a newly offered color) to deliver. I think I'll visit the shop to see how different the spicy orange is compared to the first-gen orange they sold a while ago, since I already own one of those.
Oh, so it needs an Apple Music sub to work properly? That's why I've had no luck then.
Songs returns a "No Music" screen. As does "artists/albums/playlists".
I think it's horrible that companies are trying to strongarm each other like that by cutting off access to features that buyers already enjoy. It's absolutely punishing customers to remove those apps.

Having said that, I think it's a fair warning when we consider buying those "TV appliances" released by Amazon/Google/Apple/Whoever, or depending on the software of a "Smart TV" instead of just hooking up a computer that can access and play almost everything by default. I'd feel much safer to invest in a "compute stick" or a tiny home entertainment PC before considering those "easier to use" but much more limited devices. Unless we reach a point where those companies are banning the use of a good ol' browser accessing their services.
Siri is now always giving me voiced feedback, even when her setting is to obey silent mode and be silent if it is. Restart has not fixed it.
It's similar to the Nike Bone Band of last year. Always some silly restricted color that only ships with a new watch. Shame, really.
We have a place that's run by Real Mexicans in our town. No gaudy decorations, no puns on the name of the store. The TV is on Telemundo playing soap operas, and there's always a bunch of manual laborers enjoying lunch and chattering in Spanish.

They have some really amazing tacos. And you can buy Mexican Coke (the one with sugar) and other snacks. Awesome little place. The tacos themselves are "simple" but full of flavor instead of being a weird overloaded soupy mess.
[All I can see.](https://i.imgur.com/DOjUPy2.png) It sounds more like you hit a fortuitous bug than a feature, to be honest.
I'm not sure how much of this could be done in an app. Analyzing one's health is not trivial, else we'd all be using webmd for real!  
It would be cool if you brought some of this data to your doctor when you go for a checkup just to see if anything strikes them out of the ordinary though.
Siri was talking to me even if I have her to be silent when the watch is on silent. I went to settings, changed her to always on and then back to depend on the silent setting, and then she shut up again. So I guess that's a small bug that I encountered.

edit: Siri isn't shutting up anymore, after I restarted my watch. She always speaks, *loudly*.
S3 ss on 4.2, only thing I see on the music app is the "no music on watch" screen. Mind telling us how you got it working? Screenshots?
Fact: USB-C is a much trickier connection than USB-A. A year ago or so a Google engineer tested out a bunch of those and figured out that quite a lot were dangerous because they were not produced up to specification. Hunting for a $5 cable might not be in your best interest to begin with.

Personal guess: While Apple is pushing hard on USB-C, I assume that the vast majority of people using a lightning-ported device is still using a USB-A-able charger or computer. That makes the market for a C->lightning cable much smaller.
People promote their business of selling knockoff bands all the time. OP wasn't the first, won't be the last. Just focus on posting/upvoting legitimate band pics/news if you want a different front page.
"USA Seller" but ... made in?

Also, how did you come up with this design? It looks pretty original to me! Nice to see so much thought into it.
Correct! I have a pollen band and love the pastel yellow hue.
Thanks! So I'll wait until it's out and then see how connectable it is. If not, I'll go for a traditional set of speakers to replace my current ones instead.
> Venmo was cool until a stranger accidentally sent me $300. Then she immediately asked me to send it back because it was an accident. I didn't withdraw the cash, but I didn't want to commit to sending it back. 

Would it be possible she sent you the cash fraudulently, so when you return it, and then the original transaction is ruled fraudulent, you are $300 in debt? That would be a major pain to deal with.
I still can't find the answer to this. Can it completely replace my Logitech 2.1 speakers? Does it have a better sound quality? Can it connect to my phone, my PC, my Playstation?
Good idea! I should also set the face color to it to have it all in one pic.
You can remind me to post a real life picture once I get it if you want!
Just saw those come up, unless I was blind the last few days. Grabbed a Dark Teal, delivers on Thursday, will consider the Spicy Orange!
> they’re FINE and leave them alone! 

The Kimi Raikkonen way of life. Or just Finnish.
The modern is slightly wider than the classic, but it's definitely much thinner too. I agree with the tapering off for the classic buckle, especially since for me it wraps all the way up to the top of my wrist.
Happy to! [Check this album out](https://imgur.com/a/h5O1l). I apologize for the lack of pretty backdrop and the colors - the clasp is the exact same steel hue as the Watch, even if my indoor lighting makes it reflect yellow in this set.  
They are two large "plates", and once you bring them close together, they snap together in a satisfying "click". Then you press the two buttons (one on each side) to unclasp it. I've seen a youtube video where the person calls the band the "hardest to put on", but once you have worn it a few times, it feels very very easy to align and snap the plates, even with your non-dominant hand.

When the band is open, you see there are 5 tiny holes on the inner part of the band to adjust the length. There's not a lot of choice here, which is why they sell three different versions of the band, depending on your wrist size: S/M/L. Apple has the wrist measurements on their site. My wrist is about 152mm, and I use the M band on the middle hole.

I have not tried a Hermes band - even though I could have tried one out at my local store, they are too pricey for me to consider at the moment. Else I would have bought the Hermes Watch to have the extra face too! I really like the way the deployment clasp looks, but that's a 42mm only band.
I was really considering the space black for my S3, but ended up going against it when I realized that I’d have to rebuy my steel bands and lock myself out of the leather ones. I wish they’d offer their lugs in space black and allow for a neat way to change them !
Μία, μία φορά στην Ουάσινγκτον βρήκα ένα "Ελληνικό-inspired" εστιατόριο. Δεν είχε μπλε τοίχους, δεν είχε μαιάνδρους και αγάλματα, ούτε αφίσες Σαντορίνη. Αν δεν έβλεπες το μενού δε θα καταλάβαινες πως είχε ελληνικοειδή πιάτα.

Ήταν ο καλύτερος γύρος που είχα ποτέ εκτός Ελλάδας. Δυστυχώς δεν έβγαλα δικές μου φωτογραφίες, αλλά ήταν [έτσι](https://b.zmtcdn.com/data/reviews_photos/305/67965494692239257d96f231c34f3305.jpg). Μοναδική φορά που είδα τυλιγμένο κρέας σε πίτα που έμοιαζε με γύρο, πατάτες, τζατζίκι, και ντομάτα. Ούτε μαρούλια ούτε άλλα διάφορα. Και η γεύση σχεδόν ορίτζιναλ (αν και είχα μήνες να φάω κανονικό, οπότε δε με εμπιστεύομαι πολύ). Καμμία σχέση με το "γύρο" που έχω δοκιμάσει σε κάμποσα κιτς "Γκρικ" μέρη ανά τις ΗΠΑ. "Mini Gyro" στο [μενού](http://www.cavamezze.com/menu).

Για σύγκριση, [έτσι είναι ο "γύρος"](https://s3-media3.fl.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/aPNRr-Gb2z1u9irHku7OGw/o.jpg) στο τοπικό μου κατάστημα.
Never mind me then. It's been a while since I took a good look at them.
It's like watching a pileup. It's bad for those involved, but you just can't help ...but.....stare. And text everyone about it.
Because that'd mean animating an NPC race and bringing it up to the level of player models. Easier to just reskin an already player character skeleton.
Worst surprise: FSU. How can such a program collapse so easily.

Best surprise: Georgia. No jinxing, but I was there when we handed them their butts last year. They look like such a different team now.
I'd get as drunk as you are but I've got to print out and deliver a test tomorrow to 100 students.

Love the college sport though. It's outrageous, unfair, imbalanced, but it's also silly, emotional, personal and beautiful.
I dislike that they limit bands on sizes. I'd have loved to try a leather loop myself.

I see the point of them limiting production due to limited projected consumer interest for those bands, but I still don't particularly like it.
I would say it is. It makes the watch go above just a fitness and notification gadget and allows it to look great even when dressed up (especially with the non-sport bands). It's not a "heirloom" that'll get "passed down generations", but if you dress up at all, the SS model it king. It's never felt too heavy or out of place when I exercise.
A while ago I posted my band collection, and a couple of posters commented on how I did not have any leather bands yet.

I’ve now spent about a month and a half with my Cosmos Blue Classic Buckle, and three weeks with my Midnight Blue Modern Buckle, so here is an album of pictures and an amateur review of them. Bonus pictures include my Link Bracelet and Milanese Loop. No hairy arm pictures in this album! I use a pair of 38mm Watches (S0 and S3) to match the bands. I apologize for any dust, smudges, or my own reflection on the steel casing.

**Comparative Review of the two leather bands.**

**Weight**: The Classic Buckle feels heavier (in a good) way around the wrist, and counterbalances the weight of the watch very well. The Modern Buckle is much lighter, and at times it feels like the watch isn’t as well-balanced on my wrist.

**Feel**: they are both great to wear and touch. The Classic Buckle feels tight and thick when worn, while the Modern Buckle is thin and extremely soft. I now consider the MB as the lightest, softest, and most comfortable band for the Watch, on par with the Nike Sport Band. Note that I have not tried the Sport Loop yet to compare, but I believe that leather bands and sport loops do not compete since they are meant to be worn in different occasions and settings.

**Presentation**: The Classic Buckle is slightly ahead here when it comes to making the Watch look “professional”. Especially in black or saddle leather, it is a no-nonsense watch band. The Cosmos Blue two-tone variation adds a lot of flair to it. The Modern Buckle makes the Watch look more like a piece of (beautiful) jewelry. I would say that the MB is more “feminine” of the two, but it looks just fine on a male and any guys considering it should not worry about it.

**Buckling**: The Classic Buckle feels very old-school with that traditional buckling mechanism. It feels very, very, very secure against my arm. As I have a relatively small wrist, most of the band goes around to the top of the watch. The photos are taken using the hole I usually use when wearing it. The Modern Buckle has a much more …well, modern magnetic clasp. Two large plates that connect and lock using two small magnetic pins. At first, I was slightly apprehensive about it, but the magnet holds strong and I have never had an issue with it. It is well shielded and has not “caught” on any computer or metallic surface I have used. I also like that the end of the band does not protrude on top (like the Classic Buckle does) but is tucked in underneath.

**Price**: Both are priced at $149, which is not a forgettable price (slightly less than a quarter of the price of a matching SS Watch). I would say that both are worth it. I wanted a Modern Buckle ever since the Watch originally launched, but I thought that $249 was too steep. Now that it’s cheaper I caved in and I am glad I did.

**Dots**: I admit that I like the way the red S3 dot meshes with both colors, but it is better with the brighter Cosmos Blue band.

**Overall**: I think that both bands are great. I have a slight preference to the Modern Buckle, and I wish it came in more colors, especially the beautiful Cosmos Blue. However, I am by no means disappointed in the Classic Buckle. I will be considering more colors of both bands in the future. My main concern is that the leather will eventually age to a much duller color.

I will not be reviewing the Steel bands in this post, but I included pictures of those in my album. The Milanese Loop came with my S0 at launch two and a half years ago. I bought the Link Bracelet two years ago. Both show a bit of weathering on the clasp, even if I try to avoid rubbing my wrist against surfaces. I still believe that the Link Bracelet is THE definitive band to match the Steel Watch, making it have a space-ship like appearance, while the Milanese is a good compromise between lightness and fanciness.

good bot
The Goodyear "teams that won their conferences but aren't Power 3" Bowl.
[[Utah vs West Virginia]]
+1 πολύ καλή δουλειά, καλή αρχή!

Τώρα περιμένω και τα υπόλοιπα.
SS with leather looks good. There's nothing that can dress up the aluminum watch to come anywhere near close the SS, sadly.
Because having set rules for promotion to the next round that don't involve shady "committees" or "polls" is too fair.
OSU should absolutely go in. I was the first to bash them last year, but now they've shown they won their hard division and closed out their conference.
Time for an Ice-Cold Dr. Pepper bath for Mr Meyer.
Painted nails. I'd assume girl, but you never know. Let's ask Prof. Oak.
[If you're on mobile, the banner turf is getting fixed as we speak.](https://i.imgur.com/EA4g3jL.png)
More like a large cup of Dr. Pepper. Such refreshing yardage.
So, um, what's with the weed stickers on O's helmets?
This "turf" is made out of the same crap the saddest christmas tree is made of.
I'm Discover™ing the Dr. Pepper™ Pass today while wearing my Duluth Trading™ underwear. Typing this on my Apple™ Not-a-computer, while I am paying $0 on my VW™ vehicle.

Oh, and some game is going on, I guess.
Apple: what's a computer?
Wisconsin: what's a conference championship?
[A pig can squeal at 130db](http://nasdonline.org/1264/d001068/safe-farm-lend-an-ear-to-hearing-protection.html). How many dbs is a million pigs squealing at once?
Woops.
*sneaks off the Gus Bus.*
Auburn is like Ferrari. There's always next year.
I thought UCLA has academic standards though. Do they have a General Studies program too?
That’s what makes him a steal!
Still nobody making a move at Hugh Freeze? I’m sure he’s good value by now...
Drama! They'll be regretting that 4th down for a while.
Does it come with the original packaging? does it include both the S/M and M/L attachment? Would the seller be able to provide original purchase receipts from Apple and/or a reputable reseller? Fakes usually skimp out on the details and would be much less likely to show all of those.

edit: Of course that's not surefire. Someone could still try to sell a fake in an original band's box if they had one available.
Nice
Coachy McCoachface?
Bjork I can see, but Vitter? He's barely 2 years in, and there's a whole lot of University to manage past the Football program.
Don't know about you guys, but our recruiting was built so that it delivers a sense of pride and accomplishment to our program.
> including $650,000 from LSU and $80,000 from Mississippi State.

And he went to MSST instead of LSU with that great of a pay difference? I want to believe, but even Leo Lewis isn't that silly.
Think about how much data collecting "western" social media does on their users, both for themselves and for government agents. Now couple that with a country whose government is even more into surveillance and monitoring of their own citizens.
Take the money that's too dangerous to pay players now and use it to hire Jose Mourinho for Tennessee.
Thanks ~ I mentioned that but you explained it better. The tree branches out in chronological order. Now I'm really curious to see if the ACC or the B1G game will be "Sealed" first (either outright end or be so big of a blowout that'll be impossible to turn).
TLDR if you can't math good: according to OP's probabilities, the most likely group of P5 champions is USC, OU, UGA, OSU, Clemson.  
The least likely group is Stanford, TCU, Auburn, Wisconsin, Miami.  
We can follow the three as the first three branches will be decided in order listed (PAC12->B12->SEC, and then the B1G and ACC championships are concurrent.). That allows us to recalculate the probability tree by cutting off branches as we move along the day!
Yep, that's the one.
My store in Germantown TN has some of the heaviest glass doors I've ever had to deal with.
I originally thought the ultrasoft would be that magical quali tyre that needs to be changed after a few race laps, but they did just fine with half race distance. Not expecting much of the hyper until we see it in action.
Posted 4 hours ago. 5k replies. 6th edition.

This is wilder than most game threads already.
While it should never have happened in the first place, it is nice to see they released a fix as quickly as it became big news.

The etymology of "panda" is supposed to be something close to "bamboo-eater", which the red panda also is.
It’s a Yen currency emoji between each word.
When are finals in Starkville? I'm sure he wouldn't want to announce before he's clearly out of there.
One way or another, you guys will be 7-6 or 6-7 after the season ends though!
I remember one of my roommates' friends would come and visit, and they almost always played O vs A on the final NCAA game. I think they were the two highest stat teams or something like that.

Weird to see they never played!
...was not expecting Grand Tour ad on the CFP ranking show.
Best 6-6 team in the nation, clearly, quality loss.
The 💴 intent 💴 is 💴 to 💴 provide 💴 players 💴 with 💴 a 💴 sense 💴 of 💴 pride 💴 and 💴 accomplishment 💴 for 💴 unlocking 💴 different 💴 medals.

As 💴 for 💴 cost, 💴 we 💴 selected 💴 initial 💴 values 💴 based 💴 upon 💴 data 💴 from 💴 the 💴 weekly 💴 pull 💴 rates 💴 and 💴 other 💴 adjustments 💴 made 💴 to 💴 saving 💴 rewards 💴 and 💴 VIP 💴 Purchases. 💴 Among 💴 other 💴 things, 💴 we're 💴 looking 💴 at 💴 average 💴 per-player 💴 jewel 💴 earn 💴 rates 💴 on 💴 a 💴 daily 💴 basis, 💴 and 💴 we'll 💴 be 💴 making 💴 constant 💴 adjustments 💴 to 💴 ensure 💴 that 💴 players 💴 have 💴 challenges 💴 that 💴 are 💴 compelling, 💴 rewarding, 💴 and 💴 of 💴 course 💴 attainable 💴 via 💴 gameplay.

We 💴 appreciate 💴 the 💴 candid 💴 feedback, 💴 and 💴 the 💴 passion 💴 the 💴 community 💴 has 💴 put 💴 forth 💴 around 💴 the 💴 current 💴 topics 💴 here 💴 on 💴 Reddit, 💴 our 💴 forums 💴 and 💴 across 💴 numerous 💴 social 💴 media 💴 outlets.

Our 💴 team 💴 will 💴 continue 💴 to 💴 make 💴 changes 💴 and 💴 monitor 💴 community 💴 feedback 💴 and 💴 update 💴 everyone 💴 as 💴 soon 💴 and 💴 as 💴 often 💴 as 💴 we 💴 can.

An interesting personal anecdote is that I never flew American until the US Airways merger, and now fly it almost exclusively. I had never experienced the old logo, while the new one has "holds so many memories" for me.

I wonder how soon it will be until the new F1 logo starts having its own fans that did not grow up with the old one. Not defending it, just curious to see what will the new fans think when they look back to a logo they never experienced.
I get everything but Florida and Miss State. What are those supposed to be?
But but the Muslim and Roman Catholic Minorities will make it funny.
Very much yes. We had a good starter QB and a pretty good backup who stepped in and kept playing. In a *team* sport it's important not to have season-defining disruptions after one player goes down, even if it's the most central offensive player.
> They can go to hell, though. 

We did come to Starkville last week, so, already been there, done that.

Totally agree with your assessment though. We've got way much more to worry about than hopping on the coaching carousel right now.
> Edit: Note, Esso & Exxon Mobil are trading names of the same company

Ah, good ole Standard Oil.
> I hate how this is just going to further cement the hatred on r/CFB of anyone with a Tennessee flair.

Just wait, we're right on track to pick that mantle back up.
The only thing I've heard from a couple of friends is that we wouldn't be too devastated if he goes. Emotions ranging from "he's too good to be in a team with potential season bans" to "we've got a pretty good backup and we won't miss him as much".

I can't claim I speak for other fans other than my small little circle though. So far we're still riding the Egg Bowl shenanigans - and finals are next week, so the campus is a bit preoccupied for the moment. I also think we're just really really waiting for the sanctions to hit before we even start speculating much.

edit/add: the major comment was a /s . I know full well they take some kind of studies. I've taught a couple players in my classes through the last few years. Freeze was serious about them studying and getting their grades up, and this hasn't changed under Luke so far.
I'm left handed and wear my watch on the left. The physical and screen controls are extremely easy even for your non-dominant hand. Never had an issue even when scribbling.

edit/add: I use my computer mouse with my right hand and my phone is usually on my right hand too, if that helps.
Ta'amu's been pretty good, unless he wants to go too. IDK, does Michigan offer him a better major for whatever he's studying?
[Pokemon Black](http://creepypasta.wikia.com/wiki/Pok%C3%A9mon_Black) is my favorite.
> Ole Miss gets their sanctions

What's up with those anyway? Are they waiting for a maximum media impact moment? Our season's over, we announced Luke, it's time to just rip the bandaid off and be done with it.
One way or another, they finally get us to speak Bulgarian, I guess.
Wonder what would have happened if they hinted at RIC that they wanted him to cause a SC. After all, the other side of the garage was hoping for one to help VER.
Let's just pretend that all shady stuff UM did was really done by UT staff in disguise and that UM is innocent. UT gets the death penalty to sort their stuff out, and we're free to continue ~~paying~~ playing. Win/win and SEC brotherhood. It just means more.
1/3rd new watches, 1/3 screenshots of the newest activity carrot on a stick badge, and 1/3 advertising for bootleg bands.
Not exactly what you asked for, and probably not even a good photo, but:

[Brand new Midnight Blue AW Modern Buckle vs a 1.5 year old Midnight Blue iPhone SE case.](https://i.imgur.com/7UVzxcG.jpg)

The Midnight Blue case aged to pretty much a dull black. I hope my watch band lasts longer.
Ole Miss is confirmed! Matt Luke
> So, you could say I'm looking for a much broader kind of approach here. 

So, you mean that egpu enclosures should license the Surface Connect port? That's much less broad than TB3's current adoption rates if I could warrant a guess (surface devices vs anything else that uses TB3). Also, TB3 is about to become royalty-free next year.

The issue with the surface book's implementation is that the surface connect port takes away many PCIe lanes, so you can't have both a surface connect port AND a tb3 port.
Coaching his players to be the SEC Champions of Heart.
Hugh Freeze, of course.
It's horrifying, but SE actually licensed the trademarks for this "game" to the "game's" developers. So it's completely legal and supported by SE, even if the game itself is completely unrelated to the real FFXV game.
"Coach each game as if your job depends on it".

That sort of motivation can't be healthy in the long run.
But we just traded away the mascot that had paws...
It's like one of those really painful highway wrecks. You WANT to look away, but you just can't.
Utes bowl eligible. It's kind of a big dill.
Women always free, Men free trial and then subscription required. Hmmm.
IDK but it looks like they're doing the job.
4 of them? Hmm... let's set up a toilet playoff? Those that progress are those that lose, of course.
Obviously we forgot to pay our players their cash before the game, compared to before the Alabama game, so they sucked more.
At a friend's place, enjoying some turkey and stuff.
Pitt's dishing out some shit.
Onside for the lulz and score again.
Pitt ranked #24 on T
Auburn wins a close one tomorrow and Oklahoma/Clemson don't bottle it.

1. Clemson
2. Alabama
3. Oklahoma
4. Auburn
I thought football was over for the season after our bowl yesterday.

Am I wrong? What is this?
> £4,129.00

Honestly, if you're making "fuck you" levels of money a year but not "fuck you royally" to be able to afford your own private jet, it's not such a bad deal.
Game over and nobody took the bet. Ah well.
I know a couple of people who went to State for ug but are in UM for grad school. All of them are pro-State went it cones to sports. Seems reasonable, first love true love and all that.
I’ll be in SLC after the 20th. Let’s pack our teams and let them in Rice Eccles for a friendly.
Game of the memes 
Alright Clangers, here's what's up.  
If you win, I'll donate to a bulldog rescue of your choice. I'll pick the most upvoted at noon tomorrow if there's multiple answers.
What's the catch? The dollar amount will be UM's score, and the cents will be State's score.
So, a 50-3 win for State means $3.50 donated.

If we win, you donate to the [WWF](https://support.worldwildlife.org/site/SPageServer?pagename=main_onetime) using State's score for the dollars and UM's for cents.
I expected ultrasoft to be like that.

Then people did half a race on it. I expect nothing less than 20 laps of the hypersoft.
O yeah, give your players a spot to park their car, that's all fine and dandy.

Give your players a spot to park their diddly-dongs, suddenly you're fired for unprofessional conduct.

That's exactly the level of unfairness that I subscribe to /r/CFB for.
Until she pulls out a receipt from the piercing store...
Ban it. Ban it all.

Make a version of χ that we can just pay one price for a full and complete game, like we did with Re:coded and Dream Drop Distance. Make it self-contained, with a clear gameplay progression for character power.

But it's so much easier to keep cranking out new copy-pasted character artwork in a little golden frame, attach power-ups to it, and sell it as an "optional IAP". instead. Didn't "pull" the right one you needed? Well, you can always ~~bend over~~ pull our your card and try again!
If you look at the source, there is a note right before the script is called:
> yes, I know...wanna fight about it?

Cheeky. Does it defeat the purpose? Possibly.
> Currently, I have no real requirement of my devices other than being able to use MS Office for writing assignments, browsing the web and social applications, which is why I am selling my desktop and thinking of an iPad for the small form factor.

If that's really all you need, the iPad will be fine. Go for the Pro to have the pencil to take notes with, too. Office + pen is a blast.

It becomes more complicated if your classes need you to use special homework software that's usually only available for Windows/macOS. 
I'm still very confused on what kind of speaker the HomePod *is*. Is it supposed to sound better than my 2.1 speakers? Is it a competitor to a 5.1 system?
I don't know either French or Italian, so at first I seriously thought it was read as it's spelled. Still blows my mind even though now I know the origin and that it's really "Kernel".
Am non-American. Totally called it Ar-Kansas before I knew better.

Also, Co-lo-nel Reb was a thing when I first came to UM.

English is weird.
Cam Newton's Third Law?
Alabama channels their inner Ohio State and get in the CFP even without escaping the division. Two loss SEC Champion Auburn is snubbed.
Rumor has it that our AD is holding a final interview with some guy called Fugh Hreeze. A good man of God with a thick mustache that makes him almost unrecognizable. He even wanted to keep his cost down and declined the offer to have an official school phone assigned to him. Official announcement soon.
But we can still sling shit down at each other's throats while Ta'amu and Fitzgerald sling passes into each other's endzone!
That felt more painful than the A&M loss.
They made that look so easy.
What the hell is that call.
"Do not attempt, closed course, etc" ...   
How the hell can I even attempt to drive a boring SUV through a spaceship battle?
I'm here to forget. Let's go Utes?
Good day today. No football games, but Will Gleeson can kick with both feet.
As is tradition.

I just skipped ahead and didn't get my student tickets this year.
FIRE SUMLIN

^... ^am ^I ^doing ^it ^right?
If Sun Tzu went to the Auburn College of Poultry Sciences, would he had written the Art of War Eagle?
Yeah, but are they guilted? Are they dotted? How many pulls did it take? /s
I've had 0 issues with my Watch or my Sennheiser headphones.
I remember a skit in a parody show that aired a couple of decades ago.

The comedian took turns pretending to be each party's leader, and they wished people a "Happy New Year" according to their party line.  
Then they brought in the parody of the communist party, and the "leader" announced a bold "Say NO to the New Year".

KKE is the "no to everything" party. Maybe they might vote abstain if they are really really into something.
They're not "official" like the Hermes ones are, but I would still trust a real brand with making a product. It's not a cheap knockoff like most of the bands peddled around, it's a band they designed and made on their own.

"Official" AW lugs are sold by Avnet to band makers, but I can't find any link that either confirms or denies the use of such lugs in Coach's lineup.
No Finland on this map, can't make an accurate comparison.
What will they do with an Apple Watch that's configured as a demo unit though? As far as I know Apple won't be too happy to "unlock" it for them.
I'd ask for glass-less 3D, similar to the Nintendo 3DS, to make use of that depth of field info, but I'd probably be run off for asking for "gimmicks".
> Mazda Miata (some call them Eunos Roadsters in Japan)

TIL what I knew as the Eunos Roadster from playing Gran Turismo is what most people around me call a Miata. I always thought they're different cars. Blew my mind.
something something lost to the team who beat #2 in the nation
That's a great name, and does not confuse people with their other product, the wearable *iWatch*.
Additional fantasy languages from a loot box! Will you pull the Sindarin quotations, or the Black Speech ones? Pay $5 to find out!
Suddenly 95% of the "Games" on mobile platforms would have to close down shop.

And I'd be fine with that.
I remember a few years go half of the front page of /r/gaming was gameplay clips from a snow-land map from the then-recent EA Star Wars game.

I wonder how many of the people that were on that hype train are now on this hate one. Still, I can't judge, hindsight is 20/20 and I once thought No Man's Sky would have been a good game too, so I'm not innocent myself.
It's ok, it's totally optional, you can earn CFBGEMS through gameplay anyway and never pay a dime. You get 1 CFBGEM every time you upset Alabama.
You need to get the BEST VALUE pack for $69.69 that gives you 10 CFBGEMS + 1 ticket to Rebel Rags.
Send your coach on a recruiting trip! Wait 30 minutes for him to come back, or pay 3 CFBGEMS to instantly complete the trip!

Oh no, your coach got caught calling phones he shouldn't have! Buy Naughty Coach Insurance for 5 CFBGEMS or lose 90% of your progress!

Unlock Nick Saban or Dabo Swinney as your coach for only $29.99 **each**!

You are a P5 team and you want an easier schedule? Schedule some FCS teams! To add to the realism of the game, please pay $5 to unlock the opportunity to play an FCS team!
https://i.imgur.com/apXJKyn.jpg

I promise I’ll clear those emails tomorrow morning. Work related!
It’s sort of a YikYak replacement. It never really caught on on my campus though.
You know, I've always thought it a bit silly when people say that once a person transitions, their old self is "dead" ... but I guess to your dog, your old self was indeed very much dead when he met the new you.

I'm sorry for your loss (the dog, that is!)
I teach college. In a class of about 100 students it's not uncommon to have 6-8 students with some kind of learning disability documentation. I am not told what the disability is (so I've no idea who has ADHD, dyslexia, etc) because that's their own confidential information; but I am told what kind of accommodations does a student need: might be first row seat, or permission to use a notetaker, or to test in an alternate environment and to be given more time on assignments.

In my few years of teaching, I've seen no big difference between those students and the general population. Some do really well and are passionate about learning, some are average, some barely scrape by with a C. Same as everyone else, really.
I wonder if that's similar to that elusive Nike Bone Band that we never saw sold alone.
At my school (large public university), we have an Honors College that offers an "Honors Thesis" course for their students. I regularly assist my advisor (who is into Experimental) with setting up sessions for his undergraduates and helping out with the code of the games they are using. That gives the undergrads a good opportunity to dabble in research, and it allows me to practice for my own writing as well.
Suddenly, losing to Cal and smuggling our territory away from the clutches of the SEC makes total sense. 4D chess champs.
> I mean with Touch ID your girlfriend could use your finger while you're sleeping, or your parents could've just held you down and forced you to unlock it if you were a kid and yet you seem to think the solution is bringing back Touch ID which had very similar workarounds that you ignore.

No man, touchID was always foolproof to people forcing others to use it, I hate faceID, apple is throwing us back to the stone age, steve died for this, etc, etc /s 
Get Massa Jr, looks like he's got it.
Did Vettel channel his inner Finn in there? Sip first.
I'll keep it classic and they'll be an angel sitting on my shoulder, guiding my daily decisions. Plus it'll look so cool.
If dog food tastes better than a big mac, I feel sad I didn't go to use the "free bag of dog food" mass mailer my local pet store sent me.
Followup: does the Medical car follow the whole lap and then pit, or does it pull off to a side road after it's clear that nobody's in lethal danger?
So now some third-world country kids will get a sub banner showing a clanga-ed script "A" ?
Mmm, that stat that just popped up.
So...when do we start doing the onside shenanigans?
As dirty as it sounds, Roll Tide.
It's an OG combo.
The ONE day in the season where I'd rather Alabama win? Do they really have to?
Or, you know, just make sure that when you're hiring a coach, you go for someone that has a certain appetite for red light phone lines. No buyout, no millions.
That's not savage, it's responsible environmentalism. Plant a tree, save the Earth. It's the opposite of savage.
The robot jokes are great, but I'm happy to see him visibly excited and smiling in his interview.
Hotel? What hotel? Sounds like a slumber party in the paddock is in order.
Did someone accidentally activate Lewis' engine modes on Massa's car?
...or did the game devs use him as a motion capture model for the intro?
But why is the surface pen not attached to the screen? It's got a magnet and all to stick without needing that clip.
But but...at what ratio should I mix those? Asking...for a friend.
No issues at all. I backed up my 7 (to itunes, encrypted) while my watch was still paired to the 7. I then restored the X from that backup. At the end of the restore the screen asking me to move the watch popped over. I confirmed and input the passcode, then the watch restarted and went in to the "update circle around the Apple logo" mode for a few minutes. Then it restarted and it was exactly as I had it on my 7 (same apps, faces, even the apple pay cards were still connected), and it only talked to my X after that.

Apple says to "keep the devices close" while restoring to the new iPhone, I assume they mean "in bluetooth range". I had my X on my dock on the desk and my watch on my wrist.
Looks like OP will soon start posting on the FCC's website protesting against net neutrality!
That's the same as showing your password to your friend nowadays and trusting them NOT to start spreading it out. Just more high tech.

I have a "guest" wifi network set up on my access point that disallows any guest devices from connecting to my own devices. And I only enable it when guests are around, so random passerby friend of friend won't get in at random times.
I keep them. My lightning cable from my 5S is still working, so I have a box of a 6, an SE, and an X with all their accessories still packed. One day I'll need a cable, and it'll be there for me.

Don't even ask to see my collection of Watch band boxes. All the "M/L" length sport bands in there too, since I only use the small one.

I sold my 7 and put it in the box with its accessories to get a better price, and I miss it already.
Hey now, we even have iPhone X in Mississippi. Maybe one lucked its way to Alabama too.
Wait, when did it ever need that? I just double click the button and it pulls up a card ready to go.
Mini size pls  
Mini size pls  
Mini size pls
5th year Economics PhD Candidate. I’d love to answer some questions !
Imagine a person being a square box, and they sleep on the upper part of the bed: ▀ .  
That person has a surface area of "one box", and a perimeter of 4 sides exposed to the air.
Now add a second person to the lower part of the bed: ▄ .  
That person also has a surface area of "one box" and a perimeter of 4 sides exposed to the air.

People produce heat from their internal processes, and then some of this heat is lost to the (colder) environment through the 4 sides.

Now put our two people together on the bed: ▀▄ and then make them cuddle, like so: █ .  
Their total area is "two boxes", "twice the people", but ... look at that, they only have 6 sides exposed to the air instead of 8. Two sides (one from each person) are touching each other, and since we assume them to be equally warm (both people at around 37 degrees), they have a smaller perimeter exposed to the cold air now that they're cuddling. That allows them to lose heat at a slower rate than when they're separate, making them retain more heat, and feeling warmer.

Cuddling is good. And now I feel so alone.
Doesn't matter, still somehow easily lasts half a race instead of just qualifying + a couple of race laps before going bad.
Windows Hello had a similar "issue". I remember an article saying that MS had to introduce an artificial delay on their authentication just to give the idea that the computer is "thinking" about it. They ended up taking it away after the spring update and it's been lightning fast ever since, to the point where I'm barely done lifting my book's lid before it's already logged me in.

*And it's great.*


And now the X is just as fast - I'm expecting it to get even quicker if it does the "machine learning" part too and adjusts with every scan.
I remember during pre-order night that people were saying that T-Mobile still had release day stock even when Apple and the other carriers were slipping into the weeks. Is that a possible reason why? Because a bunch of orders ended up "vanishing" ?
Note that this isn't really an unbiased comparison between different stands as the title might suggest, but one firm showcasing its own products.
My watch dock works just fine on the S3. Is there a possibility that your cord was on its last leg and is now giving up? Was it abused in its earlier life?
Odd, the link still works for me. Weird.

I think the leather loop is a great idea! I have a 38mm so I didn't think of it, but I have a classic buckle in CB and I love the color. It would look great with your edition.
Space Black Link Bracelet. Top top top top combo, and it's what I would get in a heartbeat if I could drop 2k on a watch. Maybe next time... (Also, maybe SB Milanese?)

Other than that, you can't go wrong with almost any sport band. Depending on my mood, I like both "dark band + white watch" combos, like the Midnight Blue Sport Band, while other times I like the softer combinations, like Mist Blue, or Pollen (not sold anymore, sadly). You can go either super bold or super pastel with it and both combos will work.

Gray Stainless bands are out of the question, the gray looks silly on the white.

Sadly, the steel lugs on the classic/modern leather bands make it look kinda silly, in my opinion. Plus, leather is an "old" material, while the white ceramic looks futuristic, so it becomes a question of style.

There this absolute beauty of an [imgur album](https://imgur.com/a/VKwZA/layout/grid) where you can check out a lot of combos. Originally posted [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AppleWatch/comments/53fqqv/paired_my_apple_watch_edition_ceramic_with_as/) by /u/vvedge .
You can also launch the Wallet app manually (from the home screen) before you bring the phone to the POS.
It cannot.
Remember that the leather case will discolor too. Some call it aging/patina/character, others don't.
It is normal, because it waits to see if you'll press twice to bring up Apple Pay. You can disable this in the Settings app, under "Wallet and Apple Pay", slide "Double-Click Side Button" to the off position.
Ρίξε μια ματιά στο istorm:

http://store.istorm.gr/catalog/product/view/id/4233/s/macbook-pro-13-inch-2-3ghz-processor-128gb-storage-silver/category/126/

Σου επιτρέπει να το customize. O ιστορμ είναι εισαγωγέας/reseller για Ελλάδα, καθώς δεν έχει κανονικό Μηλομάγαζο.
If someone asks you to wire them $500 for a VW Beetle, it's a scam. Don't do it.
No, since your iphone4 does not support ios 11. The initial pairing, backing up, activity data, cellular phone number, imessage account, everything that the watch does is pulled from the paired iPhone. It's a companion device. The LTE option allows you to take your watch away from home on its own, but you still need a compatible iPhone to act as a "home base" for your watch.
That's the [Black Sport Loop](https://www.apple.com/shop/product/MQVX2AM/A/38mm-black-sport-loop).
Mine was encrypted (always a good idea: hold on to your health data AND make it harder for someone to get access to). The guidelines on the support page say to have your watch "nearby" while you're restoring. I assume by that it means the watch has to be on with its wifi/bluetooth radios on. The phone was sitting on my desk and I had my watch on my wrist; the separation between the two was less than a meter.
...Imagine being a kid on that hospital but your room has a window that's on the opposite side of the building, so you can't look down at the stadium. Is it worse than kid cancer? /s

 /s , again. I'm pretty sure they let all the kids go to the stadium side during a game to see if they want to.
Given what happened today, I'll take this as the first "Unofficial" Championship Semifinal, the other one being Alabama vs Georgia on the SECCG.
It worked perfectly from an iTunes backup for me. Once the backup was resotred, it asked me if I wanted to move my watch. The watch restarted and spent a few minutes in the "loading/updating/syncing" circle, and then it came back exactly as it was before.
Did Ohio State really lose if mods haven't defaced them yet?
I'm still happy we played you guys last year. Now you are tasked with the greatest responsibility: ask for Bama.
It's ok, you guys are still a basketball school and we're a softball school. CFB is just a distraction.
I don't know if it will but after many years of trouble-free devices, I'm considering AppleCare+ just to cover my butt if it burns in. My 2+ year watch did not have any burn in before I replaced it last month, but I get that the phone screen is probably heavier duty.
The man is a great actor, even if he is shown to be a piece of shit otherwise.

They should just kill off the series. S5 wasn't the perfect ending but it was good enough, especially compared to an S6 without him.
I mean, Hugh Freeze's call records were both sketchy AND well-documented....

...speaking of, how about after-darking the PAC12 logo?
Sketchy code after dark, hmmm
> The car just started spraying booze into his mouth and drove itself into that McDonalds!

Self-driving cars just got on the top of my Santa list.
See what you can do when you don't get a penalty on each play.
O
Viber is nominally updated, it includes the notch and screen resolution, but the sticker interface is too low, right under the home bar, making it hard to use without swapping apps by accident.
Thanks!
IT'S HERE!!!!!

It feels so HUGE in my hand, even though it's not much bigger than the 7. What a fantastic illusion the screen makes.

Just updated to 11.1, and restoring my backup now. Can't wait to actually PLAY with it.
And try doing that -while- the headset is connected.
I am a member, my shipment is Next Day Air (not saver), it's out for delivery, but I see no map. Sad!
I didn't know the Taptic Engine was *THAT* good.
Ever since watchOS4, the watch tries to calculate a "resting heart rate". That makes it take more often and probably more accurate measurements of your HR every so often, resulting in the green light coming on even if you're not active.
I believe the only L/XL band Apple has is the black sports band. Which is sad, but probably somewhat understandable from a business point of view (not as many potential customers for Apple to bother making all the other colors into that size). I know someone who got the XL and still had to punch a hole very close to the edge of the band. He's a big guy, but still, it sucks.

If you go down the COSTLY route, you can get a link bracelet and as many extension kits as you need, but that's still a metallic band and probably in the end it'll cost you twice the price of the watch.

Maybe another poster might chime in if they have knowledge of XL bands marketed by other makers.
Yeah, it looks like this color sports loop was made with the aluminum one in mind. It looks so jarring against the shiny steel.
Sadly, welcome to the future. Using your watch as a remote for your iPhone library is gone ever since watchOS 4 hit. The only thing that's left is that you get a "now playing" screen that allows you to go forward/backward on the album/playlist you're on.
So... you're saying we should feed you a magnet? /s
All guys wake up 3-4 centimeters ...lesser. See how long it takes for people to start admitting it to each other.
Yes, as the contents of the secure enclave (passcode, biometrics, apple pay, etc) do not transfer between devices.
I've been "dragging forward" my backup ever since I got my 3G somewhere around 2009. Never had an issue with a new device or new iOS, and I plan to restore from that tomorrow. Barring the watch un-and-re-pairing and apple pay, it's like using the same phone with different hardware.
I might be possibly wrong then! That was my guess. My bad .
If you don't mind a neckband, I'm using the Sennheiser HD1 in-ears. I tried the BeatsX first (because of the W1 chip), but the sound quality was disappointing. The HD-1 sound just like my wired Senns do.
What is it that makes it "OLED-optimized" versus just "a logo on black background with appropriate resolution"? I'm not that caught up on the "needs" of OLED screens.

P.S. See you at the Egg Bowl !
Don't forget the display controller probably sitting on that blank spot. I would assume it's stuck to the screen that we don't see here, but covers some of that blank space.
That's what I thought. It's the first time I ever get a shipment that does not say "end of day" but has a specific time attached on it, so I was wondering how accurate would that be. I guess I'll find out.
I would trust UPS's estimate only once the phone is in their hands. If it's just "shipping label created" or "ordered processed for UPS", that's an estimate if they had your package in hand today. But if Apple doesn't have a package for them and only created the label in advance, then of course it won't be moving.
Got a UPS Next Day Air (deliver by 10:30am) label created yesterday.

What are the chances they -actually- deliver by 10:30am? I have to teach at 11am and hoping I can sign for it on time and then leave for school.
Start the silly process of unpairing my watch to the old phone, backing up the old phone, restoring backup to the new phone, repairing the watch.

And then do 2x the adding of my credit cards on Apple Pay. At this point there must be a better way of doing this...
Given that Apple is trying to make its own designs as much as possible for their CPU and now GPU for their phones, what are the chances they are trying to build their own modem and eventually wean themselves off from other designers?
They count multiple skin shades of an emoji as a different one.
I love nightstand mode on my Watch. I wouldn't want to miss that for any fancy charging mat. Even with my S0, but even more now with the S3, I didn't need any top-up during the day, either. I'll keep my puck!
Μέχρι φέτος! Έλα να βλέπω ΠΑΟΚάρα με αϊφόν χι, παρακαλώ. Είναι ασπρόμαυρο, το προέβλεψε και ο Τιμ Κουκ.
> Could also be bc if you don’t have the passcode for an iphone its a brick.

Also seen on ebay as "forgot the passcode to my account, selling the device for parts", sometimes.
My own frustration is the "what if my girlfriend/boyfriend holds up my phone to my face while I'm asleep".... as if she couldn't just gently touch your fingertip on TouchID before. If you trusted your S/O not to mess with your phone before, why suddenly not now? How is that FaceID's fault?

Worst comes to worst, just disable FaceID before bed just like we disable TouchID now (5 clicks of the power button), and the phone will not do anything until a passcode is input. Or have it be 'attention aware", where you need to be looking at it - unless the other person raises your eyelids or something and that doesn't wake you. But I'd also advise people to look into their relationship if they think that their S/O can't be trusted, instead of blaming FaceID.
I posted a few days ago about C-Spire letting me "reserve" the phone on preorder night. Earlier on today they emailed me that my reservation was ready to order. I logged in to my account and made the order for "next-day shipping". They did not give me any delivery estimate, but I'd assume they were waiting to get stock in hand before upping the reserve list to an actual order.

Here's hoping for Friday delivery!
Unless he's yelling "STOP THE CAR, THE CAR IS UNSAFE, STOP THE CAR NOW, EXIT AND JUMP OFF". Apparently.
It used to be a handwritten card, but now it's an electronic record. The border officer records the information during the entry interview. You sign in to the cbp website with your name, passport number, and date of entry, and print out your arrival record.

Same with departure, you don't even need to do anything. Once the airline confirms you are checked in and on the flight, they report your passport number as departing, and your i94 departure record is automatically uploaded on the site.
I absolutely love the color, and would be tempted to buy it.

But I bought a midnight blue leather case for my SE, and in a year it aged down to a dull dark gray/almost black color. I'm a bit apprehensive about it. I know some people appreciate patina/aging, but to me the cool color was gone.
They usually don't advertise return dates, if it comes back at all. Keep an eye out in the possibility they restock it. The color might return for a future set, but we've no way to know in advance unless someone films the insides of Apple's band development area to show us.

I've "learned my lesson" and when I like a newly announced band, I buy it immediately before they run out. Sad, but saves me the potential regret later.
You eventually drill it to your head that when the time comes... you won't care anymore.
I don't know, isn't it the "mommy/housewife" group one that's vulnerable to MLM pyramid schemes? "Oh I can totally support my family by selling things I bought to the rest of the neighborhood!"
Absolutely gorgeous color.
bad bot
Seb classy clapping and cheering him on. There's always next year!
I'm sure he likes Marlboro, but all there is to smoke in Mexico right now is Renault...
Why do the sky commentators keep talking about people watching from "the rest of the world"? Do they just assume everyone's streaming their broadcast? Practice for next year when they're also in the official international stream?
That's an issue with the merc. Dominant if P1, garbage if following another car.
Dani has Webber's car confirmed.
It comes pretty diluted already if you buy from a store, so...
Hi, I am first half Ole Miss and we want Boston College.

Hi, I am second half Ole Miss and we want Florida State.
They'll probably have special early hours for that day. My local store did for the 8/watch.
My regional carrier (C-Spire) just allowed me to "place a reservation" for the X. They sent me a verification ID, and an "available between 11/02/2017-11/06/2017" note. Once it is "available", I will then have to input billing info for my payment plan. Hm. Let's see how that goes.
I've been considering the folio case, honestly. I don't carry cash with me, and that would eliminate my wallet completely.

However, I had a leather case for my SE for a while, and the beautiful midnight blue "aged" to a dull boring black soon after. I wouldn't want to buy a case whose color gets distorted. Ah! I wish they offered the folio in their silicone-material case.
I haven't had an issue with accidentally deleting a track, but I do question the choice to put that option so prominently on both the watch and the phone music player. I put my music in my library in the first place, I want it there! And fine, if I want to delete a track, at least have the option confirm or be a bit more hidden.

The GPS can still calculate coordinates and your exact position, but it won't load the map you're on. Once you go back home from your run, then the watch can superimpose the GPS data on a map and your activity info will show you where you were during your run.
So.... does he just whip out his FIA SuperLicence if busted?
I've been charging my S0 watch overnight since I bought it close to release, and using it on nighstand mode ever since that function came out. In two and a half years I never noticed any battery degradation due to leaving it to charge overnight. I wouldn't sweat it.

Get AC+ . Most cases look derpy to me and they cover the aesthetics of the watch too much. Just be reasonable. If you like to run your arm against the wall, I guess then you'd need a case.
I’m a little worried that this brilliant blue will slowly age to a dull black, like my SE’s case from about a year and a a half ago.
engine took a knee
But how will the poor starving broadcaster make money to (not) show you the race without ads and only the subscription fee you already pay them?
Can I say we have the iPhone of backup QBs?
It says "95-98% new" ... so, it's really a used band. Probably gone through a polish/shine first to look less beaten up than what it actually was.

The cynic in me says that it could possibly be stolen - while the watch is activation locked and can only be sold for parts, the band is just a band and can be sold as if it were a used band for a steal.
I'm really tempted to follow this. I just got the cosmos blue and I'd like to have a "bluer" shade than that too. It's beautiful.
> 17" rMBP with Ethernet, USB 3, USB 2, FireWire, BluRay drive, 100Wh battery, spill resistant keyboard, complete modular design with perfect score in iFixit, desktop class CPUs + full fat 1080Ti, ...

And yet NO PARALLEL PORT? OMG! I have to get a usb->parallel DONGLE? Apple is milking this for dongle money and you KNOW IT.


When I saw Dat Boi
I always look at the Space Black when I have the chance to, and for a while, I was considering it. It's a really really sexy case.

However I picked the silver one for my first watch, and kept with the silver for my new one now. It's much more versatile. It can look casual, classy, or formal depending on the band you want to match it with. If you want any buckled leather band, the lug hardware will clash with the black.

Then there's the metal bands that really give the SS its signature look over the sport watches. The "feel" of the space black coating on the link bracelet is amazing, but it's so dark that some of the detail is lost, in my opinion, compared to the silver link bracelet. Same with the Milanese. I've tried them on and the black sort of ...melds together around your wrist for a very futuristic but also understated look compared to the silver one. Comparing the two colors is pretty much comparing a sleek spaceship with timeless elegance.

Did this help? Probably not! I'd score the Black as "sexier" and "modern", and I'd score the silver as more "versatile" and "classy".
As Toro Rosso cruises to comfortable points, maybe 4-5 ?
Do you have personal hotspot turned on? It might be trying to serve internet from your LTE to the usb connection.
I've had this issue on my S0 after updating to OS4. Once I got my S3, Viber plays nicely once again. I used the same device backup, so I assumed that the app is too taxing for the S0 and throws errors/crashes. No idea if I'm right though :(

I'm not at home, else I'd fire up my s0 again to check once more.
University of Mississippi Medical Center and Millsaps College? Pretty places, and the only ones I've been taken to in my limited time in Jackson.
That’s the one I’m using. No idea about “Free” though, when they told me to use it it was clear there was no free option - unless your teacher was given a bunch of free sign up codes to spread around. I tried it with relative success during a summer course (~40 students). I got good feedback from my test class (like yours, people felt more engaged and increased their participation) and I thought I’d enjoy it a lot during the Fall semester. Right now it’s more of a hassle for me, I’m afraid once I have to deal with 200 students and every week 5-10 of those face some technical issue with it.
They did. I am using a software “class engagement platform” in teaching my class this semester. In theory it works, you can use it on your pc, tablet, phone. It looked really cool and I signed up to try it in my course.

In practice, some students have trouble logging in, others claim their responses don’t register right, and the software is all browser on my side instead of a more robust solution. I’ve wasted so much time trying to make it work in my class. And then figuring out who was actually present and participating instead of trying to get credit on a day they were absent takes time too. I feel horrible for making 200 students pay $26 each. I’d rather do what I used to do: paper quizzes.

I love tech. I love using my surface book for notes and exercises in class and then sharing pdfs with my class. But real-time online quizzing isn’t there yet, in my opinion, at least not the one they sold me on.
A little 1kg bar of gold.
I'm very close to that, actually. If the iPad could "host" the Watch, I'd grab a cellular mini + a watch and be on my way. The only thing missing is how to take a call without having a watch/ipad against my face and/or a bluetooth headset always on and always waiting to accept a call.
I honestly feel the opposite. Now in grad school I've come to understand and appreciate my school more than what I did in undergrad. Yes, it's taxing, it's tiring, and I get to see friends get real lives instead of slaving away for a measly assistantship stipend. Sure, attending fun parties with sophomores isn't "in" anymore (I *teach* sophomores now, whoah!). Still when I hopefully get out with my doctorate, I'll be looking back to my grad years as more fun and fulfilling than what undergrad was. I got to grow as a person from a silly kid with a degree to an (almost) professional in my field, and had much more meaningful connections with other people (friends and professors) than in undergrad.

UM might have a lot of issues, but I've come to deeply love it and appreciate it even with its flaws, in football or elsewhere.
I tried Autosleep, it thought I was asleep while I was sitting at my desk. Not fun having to go back in and edit it out every day.
But SM didn't show me how to use the wave riding feature, nor how to traverse dimensions! I'll be lost without a friendly character telling me to minute detail exactly which button to press in order to perform the most mundane of actions in the game!

... I miss manuals.
1. For Tim Cook when he drops his own phone again and it breaks.
2. For some Seikh in Saudi Arabia
3. For the in-store demo area in 1 Infinite Loop
4. Preorder #1 (goes straight to ebay for $3k)
5. Preorder #2 (an insomniac grandpa who was picking gifts for his granddaughter and doesn't even know it's a new phone that just got released)
And the whole game is now a long tutorial!
I was at the Apple Store this weekend and my sales person allowed me to try on the edition. We ended up trying almost all the bands they had out on display on that desk (plus a couple of mine that I brought in to try on with it).

The Space Black Link Bracelet is the undisputed king, by far. The black links match the black screen and clash very well with the white of the watch. The Space Black Milanese looked a bit funny in my opinion. Stainless Steel bands are out of the question: I don't know how to describe it, but it looked ...goofy? silver on white. Sadly that includes the classic/modern buckle leather bands, since they use SS lugs/hardware.

As far as the sport bands go, I pretty much liked all of them. The darker bands (midnight blue, nike obsidian, ultraviolet sport, etc) look really great with it for a bold statement. But the softer colored bands look great too: Especially pollen, mist blue, pink sand, for a more "pastel-like" softer overall look. I'm not sure about the nylon bands - the clasp is silver metallic, which might again clash with the white edition a bit too much for my tastes.


In a perfect world, I'd have an edition to wear with sports bands, and an SS to wear with metal bands. But my income doesn't go that high up, so I ended up grabbing the SS that's all around more versatile.
Steel watch with Link Bracelet all the way! And a Simple face - use a face color that matches your shirt or tie.

Sometimes I do Astronomy with the solar system.
On my campus, there used to be many different wi-fi solutions, depending on the dorm/school. Then they finally decided to integrate everything into one "Seamless" system, by just connecting the different infrastructure.

All my "other" devices jump from AP to AP between buildings just fine. Even my Surface Book works fine when I tested it using a different brand usb wi-fi antenna. But the Marvell chip inside the Book throws a fit every time I go from my office to my classroom and back and refuses to cooperate and get an IP properly assigned. I have to resort to the cmd ipconfig /release etc trick and or restart before it even budges.
Please sticky this until the 3 comes out, TYVM mods.
Taking down Freeze was probably worth much more than any money he could potentially get by going ahead to trial. Of course he'd settle now, while laughing his ass off.
I never listened to that because I could only install the sound driver after the OS finished installing. I guess my sound card on my '02 PC wasn't standard enough to be bundled in the setup package. RIP.
Wanna feel old? If that party resulted in any pregnancies, any kids alive today would have been old enough to participate in their own party, even as an of-age drinker and/or stripper!
I've been told about the awesome that is chicken on a stick when I first came here. I tried it once. The lines were horrendous. It wasn't even that good. 

Sure, it's convenient and right by the square, and probably great for the freshmen to grab as they stumble their way back to campus, but I'd rather go to the drive through.
Pretty much all casual bands will be fine - their connector hardware is the band's color. If you want to go up to the leather bands you'll have a clashing issue, since their lug is "white" steel.

For the space gray aluminum I'd suggest at solid dark colors for the sport band: midnight blue, maybe product red. Try playing about with a sport loop and see how you like it, if you have an Apple Store nearby. It's extremely light and comfortable. I'd go for the Black, Flash, and maybe Spicy Orange one.
Calling it now, once there is only one team left, it'll be USF/UCF. Or Kansas.
Only if they get an "Empire Strikes Back" flair if they successfully grab the most land next year too.
> Really wish Apple had a streak just for weekdays. Come on, not even a break on Sundays?

You could tell weekdays vs weekends pretty easily on my rings, even if they didn't have a day marker on them!
If you take good care of your band (e.g. not run it up and down against a wall), it'll last you for a long time. I've got sport bands that I got right at the original launch and they're still as pristine as ever. All it takes is a quick wash to clean them up.
Enjoy your lazy day! No need to become a "slave" to your technology and filling the rings. You seem like a person that takes good care of themselves, you deserve a day off.
Shower and sleep it's off.

But when I'm awake, it's on. My phone sits in a corner and I can check all the notifications and then decide if I need to reach for the phone or sit on my computer or not. Plus controlling my lights from my wrist (Especially now with the S3 speedboost) is great.
Wasn't there a rumor about Ross Bjork as well?
*"Yeah, you can watch a video to take another step or just wait 5 minutes, I don't see a problem in that!"*
Onside and FG now.
Not even 50? Bama is dead. Fire Saban. Fade the flairs. Just give the SEC to G.
Apple bands are made from better quality materials. Some copycat bands attract lint, break down easier, have unshielded magnets, have worse machining and no attention to detail, etc.

Apple actually develops the shapes of those bands. Which means that some of this money is used to pay for the development of the next band design, while the "others" that just copy the design don't have to spend a dime on being original; they just copy the work once it's done by someone else.

Customer service. Hate your band? Return it in 2 weeks and get your full money back. Band developing some kind of weird problem? Get a replacement without hassle. Apple has to staff their fancyass stores, the knockoff maker just needs a warehouse. Some of the price pays for this level of customer service.

Brand pricing. The same way a designer pair of jeans will have a price higher than a no-name brand, even if they might be very similar. Sometimes called "the Apple tax".

In the end, it's up to you to decide. Is the additional quality worth the price or not? There are many types of non-Apple bands, and some are premium quality and original design, but those are usually expensive too.
"Get outta my way, got a ball to run".
It has all standard faces + the nike ones.
Longest 40 second "no-time out" drive I've ever watched in recent memory.
I'd say go stainless. Shiny and "premium" feeling compared to a more dull and plasticy-looking alum body. The aluminum one is very light, to the point that it feels like a toy. The weight of the ceramic is closer to the steel one anyway.

Plus when you'd like to dress up your black watch with a space black stainless steel link bracelet or a milanese loop, it'll match even better with the matching space black stainless steel body instead of the aluminum.
It's premature but I think we might beat the spread.
I'm for the first time considering getting AC+ , since I'm not sure about the OLED burn-in the phone might experience. I'd like the X to last me at least 2-3 years, so...
Some kids in Africa are members of a subreddit full of "Alabama losing to cupcakes" banner pictures. We just need to go find them.
> We allow no My Watch submissions outside of a megathread, apart from non-standard configuration posts (watches with bands that are not bundled with the Apple Watch - i.e. **third-party bands**, Apple Bands that aren't available for purchase with the Watch.)

Giving more visibility to the slew of knockoffs that show up in this sub than to legitimate bands? That sounds like a pretty weird rule to me, to be honest. Unless this rule is clarified to *original design* third-party bands.
This is NOT my post, and I wish I had kept the name of the OP to correctly credit them. Still, here's the edition with pretty much every band type under the sun (before the sport loops came along, that is):

https://imgur.com/a/VKwZA/layout/grid
I've got a pretty sizeable band collection, so switching sizes isn't really an option for me at the moment. Those pictures are still great though, so I can at least look at it!
Ah, such a pity they don't offer that band in 38mm! It's so cool I'd even consider it. Maybe.
True, but given the way development times seem to be slowly increasing, the heat death of the universe will have occurred before we make it to that game.
The first AI killed for its political believes! Poor Tay.
If the Ferrari craps out once again right before the start of the race, I'm sure Toro Rosso will announce a surprise young driver to take the empty car spot right at the grid: Vebastian Settel.
I've posted it in another thread, but the US has a pretty well-established high school and collegiate system for developing athletes that can produce pro stars even out of the poorest of kids - as long as they are talented. Look at American football, basketball. But they don't use that for association football.
The US collegiate system is a very well-organized and rich machine that takes thousands of young hopefuls and produces superstars, systematically, year-after-year. But as much as they focus on American football, basketball, baseball, there is no money spent on men's association football. Look at the women's team: they are consistently one of the best in the world. The mens' could be the same, if they paid as much attention to the sport and spent serious resources on preparing players for it as they do for the NFL and the NBA.
So, Gasly got Kvyat's crew for a race, and now gets Carlos' while Daniil goes back to his own?

I love silly season during the racing season.
> or you wait outside of your local store on Nov 3rd.

Do we even know the stores will have stock on launch day?
Good catch. I should have quickly looked it up to see if it's still the case before posting.
Relatively small country, but their trade empire used to kick ass.

In Economics, a "Dutch Auction" is an auction where you begin at a very high price (one that nobody would accept), and then the auctioneer lowers the price until someone bids and buys the good at that price. It's called Dutch because it was used to sell tulips: there is a limited amount of time during which you can trade a tulip bulb (before it grows and can't be easily dug up and transported), so the Dutch auction is much quicker (The first bid is the winning bid) than a "Regular" or "English" auction, where multiple bids keep getting submitted until the price stops rising.

The name of the country is "The Netherlands", the "Low Countries", but in a number of languages, including Greek, the country is colloquially called "Holland", after the central economic/political region of the country. It'd be weird to call Greece as "Attica", but there you have it. I'm not exactly sure behind the history of that, so I'll go look it up after I'm done posting here.

Their football team used to be great. I loved watching/supporting them as a kid, since my favorite color is orange. I was heartbroken in 2010 when they lost at the World Cup Final.

Also apparently the world's tallest people!
The Republic of Cyprus claims control of the whole island, but Cypriot and EU law is suspended over the occupied northern zones - northern Cyprus residents do not enjoy the rights and privileges (and also responsibilities) of the Republic and/or the EU. I assume something similar would be declared for an independent unrecognized Catalonia, *de jure* part of Spain and the EU, *de facto* not.
Yep! That's why I asked. I think one of the commentators said something to the form of "prepare to see more drivers in Suzuka rest their neck like Max did in Malaysia".
If I remember correctly, it was on the prerace show that given the new cars, the drivers' necks would have taken a royal beating (more so than usual) by the end of the race and that we'd see them resting their heads on the side.

Did that end up happening? I can't remember any shots, but then, I was not exactly sober by the end.
By far the best race poster I've ever seen.

But why is that burger missing cheese?
>  I don't really like bluetooth. After switching to high quality sennheiser headphones I just can't use anything else; it just all sounds so shitty.

I was using my lightning adaptor with my wired Sennheiser CX890i for 3 months, then I decided to try bluetooth. Got a pair of beats because they were on sale. Not horrible, but pretty noticeably worse quality than my almost 4 year old wired buds. I was ready to give up on bluetooth.

Then I returned the beats and grabbed a pair of Senn HD-1 in-ears. They sound just as good as my wired buds. My next goal is to save up for a PXC 550 to use at home. Bluetooth is definitely up there for pro-sumer use, in my opinion.
I really appreciate the extensive review/description!

I just finished completing the field guide in Cyber Sleuth, so evolving all of the same digimon on mobile sounds more like a hassle. 

> It costs 1 stone to revive a digi mid battle, 5 to revive a wipe, 20 to buy a new digimon, 

What happened to Revives, and scanning digimon to befriend them or other capture/creation mechanics? Sigh.
Seeing this classic car in modern TV is ...whoah.
Beat the spread, no over/under against this Alabama... I'd say his seat isn't as hot.
Flew right over my head! My bad!
But they have crazy cheap fiber internet, so it's all good. I'd trade any day.
> shower

Not sure what you mean. I've got no band equipped in the picture. I also don't shower with my watch.
Oooh. I'd love it if you found the time to post a picture, please!
Wonder how much overtime pay do they get for evening/weekend.

But I'm pretty sure there's no phone in the new coach's office.
Yes, they've got some different designs this time!
Next week on our schedule: The SEC Trashcan Bowl
Forest green would be amazing!
I really like how casual the nylon bands look - a bit more so than the sport ones. However, the sport bands look completely pristine still, while the nylon ones show a tiny bit of fraying around the hole I use and on the side where it meets the connector. And that makes me wear them less because I'm afraid of eventually ruining them.
I've no idea which color to recommend in the cold! I'd say pick a color that's different than the ones you usually wear. Maximize the variation in your collection!
That PC must be a beast! Enjoy.
There was a solid yellow and then the one I have, the pollen one. It's more of a pastel-like color. Not showing too well in this picture due to my bad lighting choice when setting this photo up.
How does the weight of the sport loop feel against the pretty "heavy" steel watch? I tried one and it felt way too "top-heavy" for my tastes.
I got it two years ago as a birthday gift to myself. It did feel quite a bit "ouch", but in my opinion.. worth it eventually.
I really love it. Next to the mist blue, it's the second most muted band I own.
F
No no, we're a softball school now.
PAINFUL.
Forgot it was 12 eastern, woke up just 10 minutes ago wanting to clean up before the game...hm.
You want it!
Economics. Definitely much lower than what the Finance guys get, from what I've heard.
I'd hate to move up a size and lose my collection. Thankfully my wrist is pretty wimpy and the 42 wouldn't look good enough to even tempt me to switch.
Not loans. I work for my schooling. All those are a conscious decision to buy a band instead of something else.

edit: saw your ninja edit: I mean... it's not a completely comfortable life, but it's not as bad either. Other classmates of mine somehow manage wives and kids while on the stipend. I buy goodies and save up for the future. 
Really? I've seen many more impressive collections here, people with Edition+LB, people with more than just an S0... I'd be a pretty low brag if it were. I just saw a few band collection posts when I logged in and hopped on the karma bandwagon - I'll admit that!
I was trying to be cheeky ;)
Looks so interesting, but microtransactions.... how playable is the game without them? How often do you hit a paywall?
Thought about it when it came out, but in the end I couldn't figure out if I could match it with anything. Probably too busy when you have a whole rainbow on at once.
I've got two regrets. The "Apricot" one, and ...I believe there used to be a darker green one at some point.
I've learned my lesson after I missed out on another band I wanted - it's saving time until they announce new bands, then go nuts.
> I come from a relatively small town

I'm not from MS, but I've lived here and I've been around in the state long enough. Oxford is a much more open, big and accepting place than most other towns in the state. You might still get someone to criticize you, but the environment as a whole is extremely open, warm and accepting. I'm not gay myself, but I've had a roommate who was; he came down here from a New England state, and he still had a good time both sexually and otherwise. A large number of students is also from out of state, Georgia and Texas being two big contributors - you won't find an environment that's just Mississippi residents.

As far as institutional support, the University has resources for LGBTQ students, faculty, and staff. Student run organizations, a pretty friendly VC for Student Affairs that is really pushing for inclusion regardless of sexuality and other modifiers. There's a Chancellor's Standing Committee on LGBTQ affairs ever since 2 years ago. The counseling center has avenues for support if you need to talk or just need help.
> I can't speak directly to the dating scene, but my gay roommate brought guys back more often than I brought girls back years ago.

I've had a roommate exactly like that too.
> The school picks a much worse football team to play against for this game so the visiting team loses badly, and everyone watching the homecoming game can be super excited.

Someone tell this year's LSU that...
Thanks! Wish I had taken a better photo to show the colors off better.
I have had the watch for almost two and a half years now, and it's the one thing I always wear, no matter what else. Clothes and shoes come and go, socks and other accessories have their on days and their off days... the watch is always there. Why not dress it up in formal/casual/fun ways? It's fun!
I'm actually indifferent toward skittles! IKR.
I considered the ultraviolet band that they just came out with, that'd be pretty close to 🍆-colored. But it's also a main color for one of our rival schools, so I'm not sure how much I'd wear it...
... but what? don't leave us hanging!
I've been considering leather bands, but I'm a bit worried about two things:

1) I've had a midnight blue leather case for my phone and it went all dark on me. I know that a patina/aging is considered good, but I really liked that blue shade while now it's closer to a black. If that happens to a leather band, I'd be pretty sad. I've been considering the midnight blue modern buckle, especially now that's cheaper than before.

2) If the situation calls for dressing up the watch, I'm immediately defaulting to the LB, the leather would have to compete with that.
T-shirts! I'm a grad student so I have plenty of blue/red t-shirts from my school from all different types of occasions. When at home or at an errand, I just put whatever I like even if it might not be the perfect color match.

The green one goes with anything green I have (even darker shades of green, like a ... "dark grass?" colored shirt I have. The pollen band is awesome with anything light colored, but also with brown/beige shirts.

Orange is my favorite color, so that one doesn't even need to match anything, I just love it. From all of those the pink is the only one I don't wear as often (not much pink in my wardrobe), but I bought it before other red shades were even available, so it was the reddest choice at the time.
All authentic. I've been buying them slowly, usually one every couple of months, so I don't really feel the sticker shock. A band every 2 months is less than one restaurant meal a month, which in the grand scheme of things is nothing. Other than the Link Bracelet, which was quite a big purchase, but in the end I felt it was worth it when worn with a suit and/or other formal attire.
I apologize for the bad lighting - all reddish colors are exaggerated. 38mm SS S0 on the nightstand dock. Bands in order:

Sport: Product Red, Orange, Pink, Pollen, Green, Mist Blue, OG Blue, Ocean Blue.  
Nike: Obsidian/Black, Blue Orbit/Gamma Blue, Platinum/White.  
Nylon: Orange Anthratice, Orange, Midnight Blue/Pink, Gold/Blue, Scuba Blue.  
Milanese Loop, Link Bracelet.

I find it odd that the Blue Orbit Nike band comes with black connectors compared to every other sport band. Shipped straight from Apple, so I don't believe I got scammed, but still an oddity. Took the picture while I was updating to OS 4, and I held my breath as I unplugged the dock to take the picture.
Makes sense, Clemson is on the Eastern time zone, after all...
I’m not sure where I suggested that it’s easier . Unless I made a mistake, I only wanted to say that it leads to a usually better product if engineered correctly .
Pretty nice! SS? 38 or 42? band choice? finish?

So that someone else can see if they should expect a similar surprise on theirs. I'm getting a 20-27 estimate on the 38mm Sport band silver SS, no change yet.
Microprocessors are extremely complicated things (certainly above my comprehension). They have a specific hardware design, and then there is the software that's written to run on that specific chip.

By designing your "own silicon", you know exactly all the functions of your chip, and you customize it according to your own needs. If I need a specific type of function, I'll design it in such a way to help my function along.  
By buying a part "off the shelf", I have to figure out what did the original maker of the chip intend it to do, and then I have to see if my code can run on it, and if it doesn't, how can I adapt my code to work on it better. I might have to compromise between my original code and the capabilities of the part I chose. If I desperately need my part to do something, I go to my hardware designers and I work with them so once the final design of the chip is out, it includes everything I need. And in turn, the software guys know the exact workings of the hardware, so they can take advantage of every ounce of performance.

"Silicon" on the phones is not just one chip, either, but a bunch of different parts. CPU, RAM, Graphics, sensors, modem, etc. By designing your own system, you know for sure that all bits and pieces work together nicely, there's no incompatibility or "lost in translation" between your parts, and so on.

It's not a perfect comparison, but think it like this: a custom chip is like making your own clothes, tailor-made. They fit your measurements exactly, compared to a ready-made suit that can still work, but is not as tight.
Homecoming next weekend. It'll probably be announced then.
Interesting. I'm trying to find sources supporting either case, because it seems weird to me that they wouldn't have the right to be, but I also understand that through either the state's or the person's inaction they might not be assigned citizenship. Weird!
A passport is issued by (usually) a sovereign nation identifying its citizens and allowing them to travel abroad and to be identified as such citizens while abroad.

While Roma is an identity, they are not Roma citizens, there is no government to vouch for them. There are no recognized bilateral relations organized through the exchange of ambassadors. They are citizens of whatever country they live in and subject to the laws that govern the movement and immigration of people between that country and their destination. As such, a passport is evidence of one's *nationality*, and not *ethnicity*.

Plus, given the history and the common perception of the Roma people, I'm pretty sure such a passport, if existed, would be subject to much harsher visa and inspection laws than the passport that person is allowed by the country they are a national of.
I'm looking for one around my area, no luck so far. I've got one order coming Oct 20-27th in the mail, we'll see if it makes it. My local store had a 38 SS in stock for about 3 hours yesterday, and another shop a bit further away had a 42 sport band for a while.
Someone posted those bands yesterday: https://www.theultimatecuff.com/collections/shop-cuffs

Pretty original design and very feminine looking. In my opinion they make the watch look more like jewelry than just a watch.
Space Black Stainless Steel
I -would have- gone with the ceramic, if it had a link bracelet and/or milanese loop that matches it perfectly like the SS does. It's a beautiful and lightweight watch, but as it is right now, nowhere near as versatile in band choice as the SS model.

If I had the bankroll to be that easy about it, I'd have a ceramic white with my sport/casual bands, and an SS of the same gen for metallic/dressup bands.
Those SEC on CBS games that last for 4 hours are dreadful.
Someone spent time and effort designing and producing this unique band. Why not reward them for a job well done by actually buying?
Common sense, really. Don't swing your arms wildly in tight spaces. If you have to lift a heavy box, put the watch in your pocket. Don't scrape your wrist against desks/tables - especially true if you have a metallic band. Speaking of bands, don't get any questionable bargain-bin bands that might break and make your watch meet the floor/street. Reply to "hey, can I try it on?" with a respectful "no, you can look at it on my wrist though".

My SS looks really great other than some tiny weathering on it after almost two and a half years. Never used a screen protector or bumper. The one time I regret was a day I was carrying a box and the side of the watch collided with a doorframe. I still have to look very closely to see the small bump on the steel though, it's not even visible at a distance greater than ~30cm. A quick wash is all it needs every so often to look as sparkling as ever.

If you are prone to clumsy accidents, Applecare+ is the best protection you have available.
Hello is super fast - the first version actually had an artificial delay programmed in so that people would think it's taking time to think/process the face. Now I just need to look at my screen and I'm on the desktop.

The only drawback I experienced was that it was very inconsistent outdoors/in sunlight. That worries me about FaceID, since the iPhone is to be used outside much more than the Surface. However, if FaceID keeps "learning" your face with every additional scan, I'm sure that after a day or two it'll be flawless outside as well.
Vangelis, Hans Zimmer and Nobuo Uematsu - for the most epic bombtastic soundtrack experience one has ever had.
Forget the buyouts, just have them trade!
Engineering staff sure probably loves seeing what do the other guys come up with, and then try to compete and match/exceed it.

Legal, on the other hand...
>  learn my lesson about pre-release software?

Sadly, this. Do not use beta versions for actual production/everyday life equipment. they are meant for testing devices where all the data and activity is disposable. If you had caught it back then, you could have sent in a bug report - I hope someone did, so the same issue doesn't happen to anyone running the live version of 11.

But now you have an incentive to rebuild your goal, match and exceed the previous streak!
No inventory at all for the 38mm stainless with the white band around the Memphis area. Ah well!
My first watch had the Milanese, so I thought I'll grab the sport band this time around just because it's cheaper.

On one hand I'd have loved it to ship with a leather band option or more color choices, but given how backordered all the SS models are, adding even more SKUs would probably only increase the headache. In any case, I consider myself paying for the watch with a band I'm not really interested in coming as a bonus. Nothing stops people from buying more bands after their first one, anyway!
For everyday use the saddle brown is the safest choice, but Cosmos Blue is just so beautiful. I'd get it for myself, but I'm a bit worried that those fun leather colors will age down to something dull once worn enough.
I wish they would show how does the watch look from the side or at an angle with those configurations. I'm pretty interested in seeing how do the lugs clash (or don't) with the body of the watch, especially for the two edition models when combined with a link bracelet. But you can't really tell from those top front shots.
Bloo flag!
Petronas oil. /s
Sky picking the spiciest moments to interject their own interview.
Less than the ref!
Judging by how many Alabama stickers I see even 30 minutes west from Oxford while still inside MS, it's not boring at all.
Hey guys, who are we playing next wee... *oh*.
To clarify, I meant knockoffs of Apple’s designs that are peddled similarly to the fake Rolex/Prada. “10% of the price and nobody can tell the difference!” ...while posters like the OP can tell a significant difference. 

If someone produces their own third party design and put out a quality product, then power to them and I’m all in for that.
Your kidneys must be seriously damaged if they are only worth $50 in the market.

Counterfeit goods are always a race to the bottom. If Brand-name sneaker is $100, the street seller will get a fake to sell for $10. Nobody will spend time and resources selling a $50 version, because at this point, you're still a fake copy, but you're much more expensive than the rest of the fakes, which are your direct competition. Those "Companies" don't have the time or money to develop a quality product, they just need to churn out as many of their fakes for as cheap as possible.
> WhatsApp runs off your phone number. I wonder if that's the limitation preventing it from getting its own native tablet and desktop apps,

Viber Messenger also latches onto your phone number, but you can authorise your tablet or computer to use the same account (usually just need to scan a QR code). The tech is there, but Facebook might not be interested in implementing it in other devices.
I'll skip over the obvious bait and talk about everyday relations as I see them.

I see quite a few of "MK" license plates in Thessaloniki, especially in the parking lot of the biggest local mall. It's a short drive down from the border and it looks like a fun day trip to make, even from Skopje (the city).

Growing up, everyone wanted to hire customer service workers who talk English and then some French or German. Nowadays, in Greek Macedonia, you see a lot of stores asking people to know Russian, Serbian, or Bulgarian to work there - and I know a couple of store owners who admit they really mean *that* language over the ones posted, but of course it's a faux pas to call it by the name its speakers give it. It's obvious our northern neighbors are doing better than in the '90ies and they spend their money in our shops.

Our dispute aside, Greek companies are some of the biggest foreign investors in their country. I believe their largest bank is owned almost completely by the National Bank of Greece. I believe one of their telecom companies was a subsidiary of the biggest Greek provider before selling off. I think it's funny that while both sides take the naming dispute pretty fiercely, we aren't above signing deals and doing trade with each other - and let's be honest, both our countries aren't in a position to turn that down.

I believe they could have easily been the perfect neighbor if not for *that one little thing*. Long term projects could include the creation of the Axios/Vardar canal to connect with the Danube, which would allow shipping from the Middle East/Asia to come into Europe from the south; and a possible rail/European Highway connection to the rest of the continent (assuming Serbia joins in the fun too). We're a pretty mountainous region, and turning the southern Balkans into sort of a cheap-o Alps with quick access to the beach would be fun.
Seems like you've tried a lot of the stuff that other watch users are doing, and you didn't find it particularly engaging or "Worth it" for you. It sounds like the watch might not be a product for you - there's no shame in admitting that, and no shame in not enjoying it!

It's not like you put it on for 5 minutes and then took it off - there's not much I can think of to "justify keeping it". Return/sell it, and use your money in another way that makes *you* happy.
I’m wearing it, since it’s my only watch!
I was really considering the blue one, but I’m afraid that the band will eventually age to a boring black color - like my SE’s midnight blue case did.
I tried a sport loop at the store and wasn’t too impressed. How does the weight of the steel watch balance against the very lightweight sport loop?
I second that. It’s a pity the most expensive version doesn’t come with a suitably formal matching band.

If I was made of money, I’d have an edition for all my sport and nylon bands, and then a steel watch for the Milanese and link bracelet. 
This is actually much less worse than I thought! Mind posting a picture from the side, if you have one? Cheers!
Pretty :) Enjoy! And yep, I'm signed up for the notifications now. 
We were too naive to trust the bot to keep that secret!
Worst case scenario, you'll have your watch in a month. Some posters have reported that orders expected to ship early October were actually out this weekend. When I ordered my S0 back at release, I was originally told early July, I had it by mid-May.
Go ahead and order one online. Keep checking and see if it becomes available for pickup in the meantime. If it does, immediately order for pickup and then cancel the delivery order.

By not ordering you're only pushing the date you can have one further back!
That's hard to match, since all the official ones have the silver lug instead :|
Ah crap! I'm up in Oxford and was only monitoring Memphis. I wish I had noticed, I'd have driven down there to grab it. Good catch!
> school marks,study piano and stuff like that

That's the important stuff. Is there iPad support for those programs you use?
Oh wow, that black link bracelet looks so great with it. Nice!

How noticeable is the slight difference in color when you're wearing it around?
Ah, thanks for clarifying!
No offense to any Roman Catholic bros, but isn't one of the points of Catholicism that the Pope is the absolute authority on church and doctrine matters?

> None of the signatories of the new letter is a cardinal, and the highest-ranking churchman listed is actually someone whose organization has no legal standing in the Catholic Church 

Oh. Carry on then.
Silver - because it's really milky white. If the darker version was like the Jet Black, it would have been a contest, but...
Receive kickoff -> send special teams in -> score FG from own 25 -> receive kickoff -> send special teams in -> score FG from own 25 -> ..... -> win
I don't know.... do I really have a dog in this fight?
It's perfect for changing to a different album or playlist or what have you when you can't use your phone. Busy, packed buses. Driving. At home, phone  sitting on the dock/connected to the speakers while you're standing in the kitchen. Just some examples!
In years past I'd just call this the "SEC East" club, but...
Ah lucky! I wasn't in that cohort. Maybe on the next wave. Still, enjoy your watch!
Τον Ρονάλντο τον OG εννοεί φαντάζομαι, όχι τον Κριστιάνο.

Ομαδάρα θα κάνει ο αρχηγός. Να μου το θυμάστε.
Me too, I was on the preorder screen last week at launch time, was at the last step, and then said "nah, I'm good". Now I placed an order today after all those threads and it's got a 3-4 week wait.
>  if you're running a successful website or generating video content

Then there's no need to worry about ads. Successful content can sell. But we're in the age where everyone with a camera is a "youtuber" and think their content is worth crap, or anyone with a blog thinks they can survive by just writing their blog. Monetization through ads causes a huge influx of questionable content and a race to the bottom - the more pages you churn out, the more ads you get to sell.

Quality content will sell on its own merits. Garbage content will sell ads. I like reddit, I've given gold before to support the platform. I subscribe to my favorite streamer. I've paid more money than I can count to my favorite mmo. I've bought stuff from a webcomic shop I like. I've bought music albums of artists I originally found on youtube.

>That's the whole point of the Net Neutrality thing people on Reddit rally behind. Everybody needs to make money to live,

That's true, but the same way I'm not a rock star, so are all those other people not writers/artists/musicians/developers if they can't sell their actual product without resorting to spamming us with ads. There's other jobs to do if content creation doesn't work for them.
New phone who this?
Too good to be true, business as usual. Thanks for letting us know!
Just for future-proofing, I would, I guess. Who knows if I might end up using it later on! My S0 lasted me 2.5 years so far, so if the S3 lasts just as long, my opinion/use case might change in that time.
Yes. The improvements in the battery and the processor over S0 are a no-brainer. LTE is almost useless to me (carrier doesn't support, and I always have my phone with me anyway).

I wouldn't be able to buy the GPS-only version since my watch is the steel version and if I upgraded, I would get to the same or better body.
Bots understand Greek now? What a time to be alive .
Then they'll go crying to their puppets in governments all around the world, cry about VPN, "Think of the children", and get it banned, China-style.
At some point she'll be replaced by Robo-Merkel and nobody would be able to tell the difference. The only tell would be her exhaust fumes being different than the real one, but I know a guy who'll fudge the tests for them anyway.
Those are some pretty cool pictures.

Now waiting for someone to show us what it looks like when equipped with the link bracelet (either color).
Wait, was there EVER a way to put an alphanumeric passcode on the watch? I've only ever seen the number keypad on it when it's locked.
I looked at all of them before I decided. You're right that the non-pro full-size iPad has innards that are one generation ahead. At the same storage level (128gb), it's only $30 more expensive. In the end of the day, it was a question of portability vs "newness".

If I had gotten the "big" ipad, I felt it'd be a waste not to get the pro that is even faster and supports the pencil. But the pro was slightly too expensive for what I wanted to spend at the moment. So I got the small one.
It's a pretty solid device. For the price, the storage and portability are top notch.

However, it has started showing signs of age with iOS 11. The processor is quite old by now and it can't keep up as smoothly as it could with iOS 10. AR is painfully slow, #D games are playable but not as smooth as my iPhone 7, and the fancy new multitasking is mostly made with the bigger ipads in mind.

Even so, as a small bedtime/quick reference device it's a pretty solid choice. I prefer it to the iphone when typing a quick message/short email, because it's larger and more comfortable to hold and type on. I wish they'd come up with a new, up to date mini. If I need a larger screen, I just move up to my laptop.
That's odd behavior. I just checked mine and it has all of my passes intact, even the long-expired ones that I should at some point clean...
Yeah, that place is the bomb.
If people think that it looks cool, and can afford it, why not? Not everything is an investment. Sometimes you just buy something because it's cool, or because it's fun. If someone likes the edition and can afford it, power to them.
Nope. I have a backup that has been alive since my first 3G. Every time I get a new phone, I just restore to it. Never ran into any issues. Can still search messages from 2009 in my archive if I need to.

I did have to say goodbye to my most favorite app from way back then though. RIP cowtoss.
Epica - if you can survive the slightly cheesy lyrics.
I believe that's an artifact of the water resisting seal. S2 is slightly taller than the first! S2's screen was in general slightly less flush compared to the first gen watch.

[See this comparison between two aluminum models. S1 on the left, S2 on the right.](https://9to5mac.files.wordpress.com/2016/09/apple-watch-series-2-thicker-0-9mm.jpg)
It might be the quality of the photo, but this looks like a counterfeit link bracelet. It doesn't have the brushed texture. The link release buttons seem to be all over the place - too rounded and too small for their gaps. The butterfly clasp doesn't seem like it's flush with the rest of the band. The first link on the right looks like it's 0.5-1mm thicker than the rest. Look at how the top release button isn't flush with the side of the band on its right. The middle looks like it has the size oval but lacks the inscription.
Oh boy oh boy. I've got so many bands I love playing this game:

Alright, you're going for the aluminum, which means I'm throwing away all metallic bands (and leather ones, due to the steel lug). I never liked the way the texture/shininess of steel clashed with the more matte aluminum. I'm also a bit biased and dislike the way leather ages. Instead of giving you just 5 bands, I'll give you 5 "bins" from which to pick and choose one from each.

1. Sport Band in : Fog - as close to a "perfect" match with your body and makes the band and watch "disappear" on your wrist. Draws less attention than the white or black "basic" bands. The only "mandatory" band I'll recommend.
2. Sport Band in : Blue Cobalt OR Midnight Blue - a nice dark blue band is always a good and muted "safe" choice that adds a bit of clashing but classy flair over the fog one.
3. Nike Sport Band in : Pure Platinum/Black OR Obsidian/Black. I love the holes in the Nike band and they are awesome for warm, sweaty days and exercise. They really help your skin breathe and shed some weight compared to the already comfortable sport bands. Choose between the colors depending on whether you want to match or to clash.
4. Sport Band in :(PRODUCT)RED OR Ultra Violet OR Pink Sand - for more daring and colorful combinations. I am slightly disappointed that it's been a while since apple has offered "bold/playful" colors for their sport bands.
5. Nylon Band : I'll be honest I'm going back and forth on the Nylon bands. I like the colors and the feel of the material, but they have not aged as well as the other bands I own - they are more involved to clean/dry than the sport ones, I believe some of the colors have faded on me. Also, I have seen them fray around the hole I use or where the clasp meets the sides of the band. Still, I'd advise one of: White Woven Nylon OR Seashell Sport Loop (for "Safe" choices) OR Electric Pink Sport Loop OR Spicy Orange Woven Nylon (for more colorful choice). Start with only one nylon choice, and if you feel ok with the material, then stock up on more.


With those bands, you're pretty much equipped for a wide range of situations. I'll repeat that I find the silver aluminum hard to "Dress up", which is why I focused on light/colorful bands. However, the Midnight Blue Sport band will look really great on it - I have an Ocean Blue (just a bit lighter than midnight, sadly not available anymore) Sport band for my steel watch and it's the only sport band that I'd wear "Semi-formally", which makes the midnight a pretty good dress option. And before you know it, you'll be up to almost twenty bands anyway. *cough*
They stay there, but they can no longer run if they're not supported. And since the original developer has quit the project, there's no forseeable change it'll ever be updated to 64 bit to run again.
"This person is not afraid to much on something they like whenever they like."
Me too. It was especially annoying as a kid. The moment we stepped outside with my family, I was getting pestered by mom: "are you cold? Want your jacket?" ffs mom, I'm actually pretty toasty, it's just the sun--choo!
I get it that it had to be like this for the show, but looking back at this now, it doesn't make sense. The thought that a *Gym Leader* specializing in *Electric Pokemon* didn't properly train his Raichu seems ...odd.
Court-ordered damages paid by corporations when they royally mess up.

If XYZ Corp. is in the middle of a huge scandal, don't charge them $5m - the equivalent of a slap in the wrist for them. Throw everything at them, make cheating/defrauding/harming your consumers so expensive that no reasonable business would dare try that stuff.
They won't be driving cars as nice as the ones they have now, but I'm sure we can find a bunch of guys to play. /s
Bad start for sure, but Cal is coming to us in 2019. I hope it's a fun game! ^with^less^loss^on^our^side
It should be 1 year warranty! If apple has a record of the original sale (no idea if they can pull that up for beats like they can do with their own devices), or if you have a receipt to make sure, you can just walk in and get them potentially replaced.
It could still be the speaker itself half-failing. Might be worth taking in to the store for them to check and/or replace if you're still under warranty.
They always have a second phone on the podium just in case something happens to the first one. Always plan for the unexpected.

It was quicker for him to switch to the second machine than input the passcode on the first and relock it - all the while under scrutiny from every single media outlet present.

As for the convenience? Since I use touchID/faceID on my device, instead of having "0000" as my passcode, I have a long alphanumeric password. It would be annoying to use every single time I want to unlock my phone, but I'm pretty sure a potential attacker won't be able to guess it in 10 guesses before my phone wipes itself. Just the presence of FaceID allows you to set a longer and more secure passcode, increasing security on that front too.
It works even on my mini4, albeit it's super slow and choppy compared to my 7.
On that topic, if one wants to enroll in the IUP for the first time, is there a way to get the check done before midnight when the pre-order starts, to minimize the time spent fiddling around with an application while units disappear? All I can find on Apple's website is only if I want to order an 8.
2 weeks? Whow, that's harsh.

Does Android have any offline/local "full" backup of the device, similar to how iTunes manages iOS devices? I can see a user doing that, and pointing the file to save on their google drive folder on the computer.
Same, was in undergrad then. All the "other" options were cringey. I loved Akbar but no way they'd let us be a meme. The landshark was pretty much the only option that "felt" UM.
The only thing I dislike is the way the camera hump/bump/island looks on the back of the silver/white phone.

But that's just a minor issue for me.
I’ll try to get it if I can preorder. I want it badly!
Well, you're being a bit misleading - the matching Watch for the Space Black *Stainless Steel* Link Bracelet is the Space Black *Stainless Steel* Watch. the cheaper 42mm configuration is $649 before tax, which is a "comfortable" $100 over the link bracelet.

Having said that, I absolutely love my link bracelet for my steel watch (albeit both are the non-coated steel version), and would recommend it fully. I also agree that the black version makes it look extremely sleek, futuristic, spaceship-like.
Risk aversion. The same way some people wait for the "s" versions instead of the numbered ones. They feel more comfortable spending their money on a revision than a new and "unproven" version, even if Apple's track record is good with figuring out any potential issues. To someone that doesn't necessarily care about the newest and greatest, not having to deal with even the most minor issue might be more important than the "ooh, shiny" factor of the new phone.
* Look for a Qi Standard charging pad.
* I believe the iPhone will support 7.5 W of power, so get a mat that supplies at least that amount of power.
* Look for "Trusted"/standard brands. Anker, Belkin, and the like, read reviews from current owners. Avoid cheap, no-name, unproven chargers that might fry themselves, or worse, your phone.
* Remember that most third-party accessories that apple sells directly (like Belkin), are prices way above competitors' offers for a similar feature set.
For what matters, I'm left handed and I wear my Watch in my left hand with the crown looking out - the most "standard" positioning. The UI is pretty simple to navigate with your right hand. Even the "scribble" feature works great with my right hand scrawls.
Aaaand it's with in-app purchases. My hype lasted for 2 minutes.
Dank indeed, but then Alabama pulls an Ohio State and goes to the CFP without even escaping their division, while SEC Champion Vandy/MSU gets sent to some kind of consolation bowl.
Lewis did what was expected of him: cruise out to victory. No surprises there.

People are mad at Daniel/RBR because they were hyped to be up there all weekend. Vast underdelivery.
He's doing a great job down there, as much as it hurts to admit.

But then, who else is there to compare to? UM and LSU lost their coach and have questionable replacements, A&M is still stuck with Sumlin... Brett might be in danger?

Who do we have left? Gus has been pretty quiet. And then there's the East, with its own trashcan fire.
Now this is side pod racing!
Was there not a flair for that, by the way? If not, it needs be requested!
It's ok, I'm more of an F1 fan! Gotta wake up in 5 hours to watch my boy Danny Ric.
Really great game - showed how much our run sucks though. Got to work on that for next year.
GG, that was some great after dark action. See y'all in 2019!
And now we go down for a quick TD and an onside kick, right....right?
Where are those magical throws now huh?
Why are you touching the defense? Don't, that's weird.
At least the dad has fan-custody of the kids.
I'd buy Shea a watch if it wasn't against NCAA rul--- oh wait, who cares about the rules.
Strategic delay of game to give him more space to throw, amirite?
Too far out for most of us to go, I guess.
After so much time hearing about it, time to be part of PAC12AD. Thanks for hosting us!
The way our D has looked so far, the egg bowl will be an egg salad. We've some way to go before we're out of the pile.
Take note coaches: get you a QB like that and you won't need to make any calls to find him escorts.