I remember seeing this when it aired and freaking out. It was all the talk in middle school the next day.
Sadly it's paired with shit pitching.
Why the fuck is Cruz not getting a pinch runner?
And the 1st inning began with an HBP.
Fuck the Indians (ballclub).
Guys Dee is pretty fast.
Weird not seeing Mirror Pond included, it being one of the definitive pale ales in the US. 
Guess it's our turn today.
Happy to see Dee looking healthy.
Supercars aren't defined by their 1/4 mile times.
Who else but Hanniger?
Fuck it, keep him in and save the bullpen.
Fucking perfect.
Maybe don't hang meatballs right over the plate.
Erasmo pls
Classic Erasmo.
Great way to hydolock your engine.
It absolutely blows my mind that bank notes from a stable, fiscally sound periodically becomes worthless, and that it's normal. I honestly can't see that ever happening in the US. Can you imagine the backlash there would be?
Honestly just having teammates that actually communicate would make matchmaking way more competitive. The days absolutely nobody has a mic on in matchmaking.
To be fair, he was just a kid. A lot of adults can't handle fame well so we shouldn't hold it against a middle schooler for being a little obnoxious.
Seems like Diaz is either Mariano Rivera V2 or the second coming or the Fernando Rodney Experience. There is no in between.
I'll jump on that train.
I ordered one and asked for it to come with mushrooms. It was literally just a shitload of mushrooms with barely any sauce and a bunch of cheese on top. I was disappointed.
This is accurate.
I remember thinking that I love this guy but there's no way he'll get more than a few hundred thousand subs. I'm so glad I was wrong.
Hahaha Blowers.
Please throw a strike.
Holy shit the call stood? He was clearly safe.
He's safe, too.
Fuuuuuuuu E4
60? Jesus, he looks worse than my 90 year old grandpa.
I don't quite get why this is necessary. Are pot stores some huge blight on the community? As someone who doesn't smoke I could probably find my way to two dispensaries, both of which I know of because I took a friend there.
I think with them it's dependant on lefty vs righty pitching.
^^^^meetch
Not that it mattered, but I don't really agree with leaving Cruz on the basepaths there.
Psh, I knew we'd come back.
Holy shit that commercial.
I didn't at first, but he's been growing on me. At first he mostly just seemed like a good voice,  but he's slowly been developing his on-air personality and I like it.
Honestly, after a couple years with my Pixel XL I'm excited to go back to Samsung when the Note 9 comes out. The updates are nice, but a lot of what they add are features you already get on Samsung phones, and I'm still missing a lot of features (software and hardware) that you get with Samsung.
Walshy montage at 22 seconds. Is it weird that I recognized that?
Yes please. MCC's UI is horrific compared to H3.
Shoulda been a 4 pitch walk then a 5 pitch walk, but we end up with a 2 run double. Very un-Mariner outcome.
To be fair, my dad is still using his Galaxy S4 that he got ages ago. Recently replaced the battery for $8 and it's going strong.
I'm sympathetic to that, it's part of why I haven't moved from Eugene. Still, there has to be somewhere you'd rather live if all your friends and family would hypothetically transplant with you.
$5,000 all at once? Credit card debt would be gone and the rest would put a dent in my student loans. $5,000 over the course of a year? Beer and drugs, probably. Then I'd complain about not being able to get out of debt.
Really?
Fuck this inning.
Are you new?
Mitch...
Anyone notice that the MLB clips seem to be including replays this year?
Dude it's really easy to return stuff to Amazon. The FedEx guy literally shows up at your place with a new label and takes the package from you.
Vigorously unclench!  
He does weird things to batters.
Fear boner?
There's my Eddy!
Fuck that first step in scared me.
Noooooot the start I was hoping for.
Just read an article in The Economist about how bad those are for you and the environment. I still want one.
I wasn't paying close attention and didn't realize that was a replay of a home run. That happens way too often.
Well at least that means there won't be a double play.
Dude isn't even to 90 pitches. 
I'd reeeeaaaally like to add a run here.
You're the best. Just saved me a bunch of time on research.
Fuck, blue, give him **something**.
^^^^meetch
[There was almost zero bullet magnetism in CE.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YNo-WyMbGHs)
I've got a thunderbolt 3 port so that part will be easy.
Looks like me when I was 10.
You gotta have both. Cheap general purpose goes in the toolbag you carry around, specialty stuff goes in the box/van. Most of the time I'll use simple strippers, but when I spend 2 days making up a PLC I'm busting out the nice shit.
I'm now wondering how well my 2 year old XPS will run this with an external GPU.
Odell is one of the many awesome places that I took for granted as a kid and am now realizing that I'm lucky to have nearby.
http://m.imgur.com/DGQZspb?r
Pretty sure we all feel that way.
Ducks win in 13!
Fuck the players my entertainment is important.
There goes the hitting streak.
That sounds amazing.
Wow off the bat that looked like it would easily drop in.
This isn't ideal.
Quality relief performance!
Why do people think a few highly downvoted comments represent Reddit? It should be perfectly clear from the comment scores that we don't put up with that shit here.
Humid air is [less dense than dry air.](http://www.theweatherprediction.com/habyhints/260/)
This was actually a judge in Boston, not the 9th Circuit. You're either misinformed or making shit up.

https://www.washingtonpost.com/national/federal-judge-upholds-massachusetts-assault-weapons-ban/2018/04/06/7d3c60ce-39ad-11e8-af3c-2123715f78df_story.html?utm_term=.dc8d8655ebfe
I'm more saying that it doesn't make sense to list them alongside Bentleys as though they're absurdly expensive.
Alfas really aren't that expensive. Their most expensive model tops out around $80k.
That seems way too short.
Could we fycking stop giving up home runs?
We got a new gif, boys!
It's how we know the terrorists won.
I hate god bless america.
Jesus that inning wasn't fun.
Lol he's so slow.
That's a double play.
Jesus fuck I love Mitch.
Shut your whore mouth.
Almost wished we hadn't challenged.
I was surprised they didn't rule it a double right away.
Jesus that's a scary outlook.
That's what foam pits are for.
unclench...
That's a double with an E9, right?
Not mad, just disappointed.
Just as planned...
Jesus she's creepy looking.
^^^^Meetch
Kris Davis fucking always rakes against us.
But now we're plastered *together.*
Haven't been able to watch a game live all week. Who's ready to get drunk with me?
That could be problematic, but I would guess more so for the manufacturer than the installer. As long as he doesn't knowingly deceive his customers he should be fine. Not that I'm anything near a legal expert.
This assessment was looking back at 2016, shows them trending down, and only assesses them as partly free. 2017 didn't see an improvement, and shortly after the recent election Hungary's last non-state influenced newspaper closed. Orban promised to turn Hungary into an illiberal nation. He is fulfilling that promise.
As I read it this would be like BMW suing a local, independent mechanic for using aftermarket parts rather than OEM replacements from BMW. Anything I'm missing?
All seasons might as well be no seasons. They have worse grip than summer tires in the dry and most wet conditions, but they're still useless in the snow.
I didn't realize this was a clearly settled constitutional question. Hell, a federal judge recently ruled an assault weapons ban valid using a decision written by Antonin Scalia as justification. Whether or not you agree with it you cannot in good faith assert that it is "blatantly unconstitutional."
I was thinking more along the lines of the lack of a truly free press.
Hungary should probably be classified as "Hybrid" at this point.
wtf are "meters?"
Pujols just can't help but hit into double plays.
Damn, Chip used to be way less fat.
I haven't played baseball in almost 10 years and now I'm strongly considering buying a pair.
Is there a way to play downloaded videos in the background? That option only seems to be available for streaming.
Didn't know they sold the V10 with a proper manual....
We all do. That year was fun.
I wonder if they agreed to those donations before we got the Dee.
Cano with the hustle!
why tho?
I'm really glad I worked late yesterday rather than today. This game is way more fun than last night's abortion.
Jesus Cano, what was that pause??
Also VPNs. I live wherever I want.
Because we all started watching MLB Tonight instead.
knew this was coming.
I think he's just using it because the chair is insanely short.
Wait, is this not just a novelty account?
Nah, with BP you usually get it over the plate.
If you follow a straight line between where right handed batters start and their destination at 1st base he will be subject to interference. This is the only instance where a runner is potentially punished for following the most efficient basepath.

>This play demonstrates why it's needed.

This statement presumes that the catcher deserves an easy throw to 1st without worrying about the runner which is exactly what is at issue. When I played 1st base I often would have to work to avoid hitting the runner going from 1st to 2nd. That was just part of the game. Why should a righty going from home to 1st be forced to deviate his path when no other runner must do so?
As much as Reddit purports to love awkward introverts, it sure does make fun of Zukerberg for being an awkward introvert. There's plenty of legitimate shit to go after him for, why are we laughing at him for being bad at interacting with people.
Legitimately thought it was Kit Harrington from the thumbnail.
Median income for a lawyer in the US is $118k. That's a lot of money.

https://money.usnews.com/careers/best-jobs/lawyer/salary
Ugh, I forgot about jet packs. They fucking broke map control by trivializing the high ground. There were a lot of problems with that game that I've blocked from memory.
It is very common to wire all bathroom receptacles into one circuit, as bathrooms by code are required to have their receptacles on a separate circuit from all non-bathroom receptacles. If you don't put them on the same circuit you'll still have to run wire all the way back to the panel, rather than just from one bathroom to another. Also, you would have to buy another breaker.

With that in mind, some people will opt to have the first receptacle on the circuit run through a GFCI and use standard receptacles after that. They're still all GFCI protected, but they're able to save a little money.
A GFCI receptacle is a bit more complicated than a standard one which means it costs more.
Fuck Mike Trout.
That guy (Mike Trout) is widely seen as the current best player in baseball. That's about all the explanation you need.
I'm used to seeing 17 year old football recruits that look like they're 30.
Probably tied into another GFCI receptacle. Some houses will even have multiple bathrooms on one circuit all tied into one GFCI. I would never recommend that, but some customers are penny pinchers.
Does it matter?
Fucking Padres, man.
Halo 2 created it. It's the reason Microsoft was able to charge for XBL when others offered online multiplayer for free.
Great podcast, one of the few that I'll listen to right away when it comes up in my feed.
Better, but that isn't a high bar. Sprint, armor lock, camo, and bloom were all fucked. Map design left a lot to be desired, as well.
Nice.
This is why whenever my girlfriend and I mix our laundry together she needs to tell me which of her clothes can't go in the dryer. 
Gotta always assume the worst of people.
You're not wrong, he just put himself in the best position legally if the drunk idiot tried to press charges. He'd win regardless, but not throwing the first punch could be the difference between charges quickly being dropped and charges not even being filed. 
[I think you mean uninterested. Disinterested means impartial.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L2dK_5Zg5Rg&feature=youtu.be&t=16m4s)
I was thinking more in terms on an actual sterilization, which is what OP was talking about and would presumably be more expensive to implement. IUDs would have the same effect for, though, so I guess it's a moot point.
I'd love to see an estimate of how much this would cost vs. how much we would save when it comes to healthcare costs from unwanted pregnancies and social safety-net programs. I could actually see this saving money.
Smart guy, backing away from the aggressor and waiting for him to throw the first punch. No one would have blamed him for decking that idiot earlier, but this way there's no question he was well within his rights.
That's not how sourcing works.
Could Rendon get reprimanded for these comments? I don't think he should, but I know sports leagues aren't too keen on players and coaches publicly critisizing officials.
I'm saying the same thing about removing the headphone jack.
I don't think that was an issue with E34s.
Tighten that hose clamp up so the electricity stops leaking.
It's still in great shape and runs like a dream. Most people think it has less than half the mileage it really does.
This was from about a year ago, now that I think about it (don't know why it took me so long to post) and I'm over 315,000 miles now (507,000 km). It'll go up a lot slower now, though. I just got an '01 Tacoma with only 50k on it so that'll be absorbing all the miles I have to drive for work.
The M30 is a rock solid engine.
'91.
Gross.
[Dave Sims is a](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aTDmVRD6apQ) [national treasure.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TXMX8-d7BEU)
And every bag you get is like 80% orange and yellow.
His new economic adviser Larry Kudlow was saying that these were simply starting points in a negotiation and that things would smooth over shortly. Let's add this to the long list of things he's been embarrassingly wrong about.
Just one home run, a 2 run shot from Sano.
They both agreed that it was called micro USB, then proceeded to call it mini USB for 10 minutes.
It still bugs me that the original M3 (and the original 3-series, for that matter) was 2 door only, while the current 3-series is 4 door only.
The S65, because it has an aluminum block, is actually  lighter than the S54 with its iron block.
First time it happened was when I reached for a bone he was munching on. He actually bit me pretty hard on my forearm. I'm not one for hitting dogs to train them but in this case I punched him hard in the head, yelled "NO" at him, and stood strongly over top of him. After that I would occasionally reach for his bone to gauge his reaction and when he growled I would yell at him.

It took maybe a month of testing him to train him out of it. Just find what triggers the aggression, reprimand the dog when it happens, and assert that you are dominant over the dog.
Yep. My dog was like that at first when we adopted him but I shut that down real quick. Last thing I want is for him to snap at a little kid for grabbing at his bone.
Comment deleted, what did I miss?
I wonder if he realized that Mexico doesn't have to accept the bussloads of undocumented immigrants we send back to them, many of whom aren't Mexican citizens?
Why the fuck is Heredia hitting for Cruz?
Bobinson Canoe!
Who the fuck is Ian Betances?
If there's anyone around you they are legally obligated to bring you whatever you need.
He's still pretty damn quick up the line.
God I love Ichiro!
^^^^meeeeeeeetch
Good response, there.
That's exactly what I didn't want to happen.
Fuck.
Obama entered in the midst of a massive recession. This automatically causes revenues to drop and spending to rise. Obama then oversaw the largest peacetime deficit reduction in US history. Trump took over with a very strong economy and the only two major bills he has passed will hugely increase the deficit. Very different circumstances.
Current me (27) would keep it. I've never gotten a Major League ball. After that I'd be happy to give it away.
Fuck that, you gotta spell it out. If we aren't actually saying "fuck Mike Trout" our cursing count will be deflated.
... no?
Good 'ol Carson Smith. He actually pitched really well for us.
A bit, yeah.
Didn't know how to interact with... people. Pretty girls especially. I've gotten a lot better and I definitely see my old self in him.
I don't mind it when they're actually right, but I see a lot of guys motion for a replay after doing something idiotic. Like, you're basically asking for extra scrutiny followed by confirmation that you did, indeed, do something idiotic.
Dude is stiff as a board and throws out an awkward handshake to a girl that looks at best bored with him and at worst annoyed. I used to be like that.
No chance. Dude had no idea how to interact with a girl like that.
I'm definitely into regular-season-stress form already.
I rewatched it just to be sure and he definitely never came to a stop.
A 3 pitch K, 2 HBP, and a balk. Classic Diaz.
He didn't come set. That one was pretty blatant.
Grazed his hand. It looked like a genuine reaction to me.
fuckkkkkkkkk
Come on, Eddy.
Fuck yes, I had a bad feeling this was going to be one of *those* innings.
Fucking perfect.
He appreciates the ovation, but you just know he wanted to go deeper.
Man I love labs. Grew up with them and once I move out of my apartment and into a house I'll definitely be getting one of my own.
Damn, robbed him. Good on ^^^^meetch for not getting hung up off the bag.
^^^^^meetch
No one else gonna point out that he wasn't in northwest Eugene? Started off in southwest and headed east.
Meetch.
I drank to his homer.
Marjama became a catcher because crouching provides maximum room for his massive balls.
Back?
He wasn't. It's common for umps to rest a hand on the back of the catcher.
Dude....
No foreplay, just give it to me hard!
Damn, would have been a double if he hit it a little softer.
Felix looked good. I'm happy.
Fuck, man, if I do a bunch of coke my nose is all sorts of plugged up the next day.
Very true. Notice how the cabin completely retained its shape? The car may be fucked but the people in it were fine.
Eh, not necessarily, Bend, Oregon has one. The city itself isn't big, but in no way does it feel like a "small town."
Annoyingly that's how I've felt about every Mariner for the last 10+ years (that isn't Chone Figgins). I never want our team to change, I just want everyone to suddenly be good at baseball.
If you love the look and feel of the Z8 and have the money for it then it absolutely is. It being "worth $200,000" is based largely on the knowledge that you won't lose any of that in depreciation. Yeah, you can buy a better performing, more comfortable facsimile for much less money, but any car lover knows that with some cars there simply is no alternative.
BMW's support for factory parts is amazing. I was able to order a set of "is" side-skirts for my '89 325is from my dealership. These were an incredibly rarely fitted factory option that BMW still produces and I was able to buy a pair for less than $300. Fucking amazing.
He's entirely correct when he says that the real reason people oppose gun control is simply because they love guns. Every argument that comes after that is a justification for that underlying motivation.
My friends and I managed to make it the most played song on the jukebox at our bar.
That's why it worked for me. It's out of character in a way that's less conflicting with who he is than illuminating of his unseen self. If they did this gag a few times it would hurt his character, but as a one off it works really well.
I like to think that the thumbnail is showing this reflex in action.
With some decent pitching this team might sniff the playoffs. I have cautious optimism.
Looks like a little less than half a gram. Could easily have bought a gram and that's what she has left.
That's the size of baggy my coke comes in when I buy a gram. Could be meth, but the baggy size really doesn't say anything there.
I know most disagree, but the F50 is my favorite. It's the only one with a V12 mated to a proper manual and, at least in my eyes, it's the best looking.
I just switched to MLB Network and saw the Cubs playing the Rockies and for a second I was confused as hell.
Before the 9th started I was thinking about how fast this game has gone. It's slowed down a bit since then.
lol the first really well hit ball is the final out.
Meetch.
My dad is a former NRA member. He figured being a hobbyist hunter/shooter the NRA could have some cool perks for him. He cancelled after the first year because all he got was newsletters telling him to vote Republican. That was 20 years ago and they've only gotten worse.
The Trump administration was literally in the process of allowing owners to pockets the tips earned by their servers. The provision was only necessary because Trump was, yet again, shitting on "average workers" to benefit restaurant owners. Trump signed it because it was part of a larger spending bill maintaining funding for our government. He's even been advocating for bringing back the unconstitutional line-item veto so he can strike down protections like this.
A bigger engine would help with that.
Man that fits the Apple/Android stereotype perfectly. Apple does something that works really well as long as you use it how they want, Samsung does it in a way that's more flexible but also kinda jankey.
> Convince your work

lol
And Marco Gonzales.
He's the only reviewer I've seen that not only likes AR emoji, but prefers it to animoji. They're both entirely unappealing to me, but AR emoji is stuttery AF and downright creepy looking.
They don't need to be big to be strong AF. Pits are pure muscle.
A quick search shows male pits weighing 35-65 lbs. That dog is nowhere near 50% heavier than the high end of the weight range. Again, not trying to minimize anything, I just don't think we should get carried away with exaggerations.
I'm not trying to minimize what you're saying, but there's no way that dog is 100 lbs.
My girlfriend is out of town this weekend. She's very much an extrovert. So far I have replied to one text and cleaned the apartment. With any luck no one else will text me. I don't plan on leaving until I'm off to work Monday. By the time she returns I may actually desire human interaction, which she'll likely appreciate.
It's definitely funny how wrong they were, but coming after the Fire Phone and with that weird commercial I can't exactly blame them.
Jesus fuck that's too much. As an industrial electrician (think big-ass wire) I was really wanting one of those with blades rated for copper. I can get power cutter way cheaper than that and they last all day and don't need a fucking backpack.
Not solid rubber, foam filled.
No doubt. Other cities may have more breweries thanks to their larger population, but the sheer density of top-notch breweries in Bend is unrivaled. 
With cheap XXR wheels... Original wheels are far better.
I thought I was in /r/ComedyCemetery.
In my experience they aren't. They're still good but the texture isn't as good as the smaller salmon. We usually smoke the 25+ pounders we catch.
Wireless charger, Gear VR, and Icon X for $99... Jesus. Hope they do with with the Note 9.
Fuck that makes me sad. I really need to watch some.... Mr Rodgers. Always helps.
Let me preface by saying that I have a lot of respect for *most* truck drivers and always give them a wide birth. That said, I've been doing a lot of work up and down I-5 in Oregon and I'm fucking sick of the ones that just pull into the left lane whenever the fuck they want. I'm doing 80 and they're not even doing 65 but if there's just barely enough room they'll pull out in front of me and I have to slam on my brakes. Now I'm stuck behind him for 5 minutes while he tries to pass another truck before giving up and pulling back behind him.

I yell a lot in the car.
Apparently Captain D and I have an identical sub box.
Apparently Captain D and I have identical subscription boxes.
That seems to be standard. This could be better, though. I like to have my phone filming most police interactions just to be safe (sitting in my lap or lowered hand, I don't shove it in their face and make a scene with it) and there isn't a guarantee that I would be able to quickly restart it if the cop tried to take it.
The biggest benefit to the lockdown feature is for interaction with law enforcement. In the US our courts have ruled that passwords are protected by the 4th Amendment but biomentric security (fingerprints, face scanning, etc) isn't. With this you can quickly (hopefully) lock your phone in a way that will prevent law enforcement from accessing it without a warrant. I'm glad Google is helping us stay secure when our courts won't.
Boneyard is tits. 
I know they do to a limited extent in Oregon. You probably won't see it, but if you do don't miss out!
/u/tasteywheat posted in r/Mariners that 44% of our expected Opening Day roster is currently injured. We thought it couldn't be worse than last year. We were wrong.
My memory tells me that's how it played out every single time in the WBC, but confirmation bias might be at play. I'm curious what the data will tell us.
Crux Pilsner is one of my favorite beers. It's a definite must if you get your hands on it.
Because it didn't happen Friday, they're only claiming it did. Tillerson only learned about it today.
Is that over by Thor's well?
In a week we'll hear that he's questionable for opening day. In two weeks he'll be out til June. In a month he'll be undergoing surgery. As is the Mariner way.
A local bar in Eugene did that a few years ago. They didn't completely think through their algorithm and if someone bought a large round of one beer the price would jump up to like $40 a pint. 
I prefer the massive fix they're rolling out for MCC over an H3A. I mean, I wouldn't have preferred MCC to work form the get-go, but this is our current situation.
>a bunch

Two west coast band that have zero west coast tour dates.... Damn. Usually I'm just disappointed by a lack of PNW tour dates, but this is extra.
That book has me convinced that if I had grown up in LA in the '80s I would have died. The punk scene was a bit more tame in 2000s Eugene.
Nah, you were right. Fat Mike didn't know how to spell it and they didn't care to correct it later on.
It's El Hefe. Mike didn't know how to spell Jefe when he first put his nickname down and they just rolled with it.
Because parents constantly film their kids now.
I'm an electrician and I use it all the time on wire pulls. We often have to pull groups of 12+ wires over 100 ft and it's impossible to keep that shit from tangling unless you do this.
When they said he would be out 1-2 weeks we all accurately predicted he'd never pitch for us again.
What does "high voltage" mean here? I'm used to it meaning over 500 volts, but I doubt that's the case here.
Just a humble r/freefolk shitposter.
Fewer.
I've driven quite a few of them, they're terrible. You don't even need to compare them to an expensive car to see that, they're shit compared to a standard Focus, not to mention the ST variant. They're practical cars that are great for most people, but I could never own one.
I didn't say that it was a bad car, just that there are valid, if impractical, reasons not to want to own one. The guy I was responding to implied that the only reason to not want a Prius was insecurity. The newer ones are a little better but they're still soulless machines that are no fun to drive.
I just leave the "do not disturb" sign on while I'm working. Way cheaper.
Sure by "great to drive" you can't mean fun to drive? They have bad steering feel, bad brake feel, bad throttle response, and bad handling. No thanks.
Some people actually enjoy driving and for us the Prius is absolutely horrible. Bad steering feel, bad brake feel, bad throttle response, bad handling. There is zero thrill to be derived from the experience it offers.
I'd love to see one of the current front yard.
Grey is a Mosler, I think an MT900.
Drunk people do stupid shit and have fun doing it. I've had countless fun nights that have left me in pain the next day. No need to feel uncomfortable able what she's doing.
They already did, that's why the Brewers exist.
It's like he has no desire to preserve the bullpen. A starter will go 7 innings and we'll be up by 5 but he'll still use 5 relievers in two inning.
>This is an understandable concern, but Pujols is still pretty good with men on base.

Doesn't he hit into a shitload of double plays?
Any blackouts?
Damn, didn't realize Jameis was so much slower than Marcus.
I've been drinking all day, it hard to say exactly when night began.
It's common in NorCal, the people that say it in the PNW are NorCal transplants.
Ah, so Teresa May will fuck him.
I know you've heard this ten times over, but acknowledging and actively combating your biases is more than most of us do. Most think they simply aren't racist and because of that they ignore the subconscious prejudices we all hold. Yeah, your past may be worse, but because you maintain an awareness of your biases you're in a better place than most of us. 
So damn happy baseball is back. I'd love to see Oregon exceed expectations instead of falling short of them the like the last few years.
I switch between the two pretty often depending on the job I'm on (I'm an industrial electrician) and I strongly prefer 5 8s. When working 10s it feels like I get home, shower, make dinner, do dishes, and then it's basically time for bed. If I need to do any errands it's even worse. Not to mention that a lot of places are closed by the time you're off work.

8s are nice because you have time to get shit done throughout the week while still having time to relax each day. Your errands and chores don't all stack up on you for the weekend so they aren't so overwhelming. I'm also just plain less tired after work. My job is somewhat physical so two hours less work per day makes a big difference in how I feel after work.
Before Trump nominated him Carson literally said he didn't think he was qualified for a cabinet position. Looks like he was right.
She wasn't again a war with Afghanistan, she was against the language used in the Authorization of Military Force. She felt it was to broad and could be used in countless unrelated conflicts. Boy was she right.
Gets real nerve racking when you're turning on a 15 kv feeder after putting in a splice.
A V12 BMW in an undesirable color? Can't wait to see how much it depreciates.
If you do it weekly it barely takes 20 minutes. "Scrub" isn't even the right word, you just spray some cleaner on and wipe it down.
Looks like a female Idubz.
After holding your breath a few seconds to make sure there's no catastrophic failure.
I made sure she was aware.
My girlfriend literally just said the opposite of that. She sees them as green when new and yellow as they age. Colors are weird.
That's Victorino.
Weird thing is that I have a friend who grew up in Phoenix, moved here for most of his 20s, and is now back in Phoenix and he can't find anything he likes as much as Burrito Boy down there.
Title has a typo. It should read "Big footprint discovered..."
To be fair, pre-patch Halo 2 was a pile of shit.
Idk about you but I sure felt stupid about a month after MCC came out.
That particular part of my history is the only reason I own an Xbox One.
Everything gets angry headlights these days.
Might have made more money but they weren't bigger stars. Baseball players now tend to make more than football players, but your average non-football fan can name probably 5 players, while most non-baseball fans couldn't even name the current best pitcher or position player.
It is, as it discourages economic investment as you're less likely to invest when simply sitting on your money effectively gives you a return. The US Federal Reserve aims for 2% inflation as the optimal figure to both encourage growth and maintain confidence in the currency.
Been legal in Oregon for ages.
They are following because removing it makes designing the phone easier and Apple has made it acceptable.
> Android 7.0 (Nougat)
> And they all live.

Guys, I think he might be messing with us.
If I ever get a DUII I'll definitely be hiring this guy's lawyer.

edit: On second thought I'll just take a cab.
You said what I've long held inside. While I do somewhat like the new R8, the original has never appealed to me. The front end has always looked both cheap and half-assed with the plastic under the headlights and a very generic side profile. While it may drive well (from what I've read) I don't see it as more attractive than a similarly priced 911, and with the current offering lacking a proper manual it's nowhere near as desirable.
Just don't get attached and be ready to walk away! You may fall in love, but be sure to know that there will be another one for you if the seller is unreasonable. I say this as someone who has never taken his own advice and wished that he had because I'm a stupid car guy and I hate missing out so you better fucking buy it you'll never find another one like it omg hurry up before it's gone.
Back in the mid 2000s when conspiracy theories made their home in the left, this was my go to answer for the "Bush did 9/11" crowd. Well, aside from my brief, and thankfully very private, inclusion in that crowd. Lucky for me Myspace didn't provide a good platform to argue about 9/11, resulting in my thoughts remaining anonymously contained to a professional Halo forum.
Much more impressive than the path taken by the legal status of same-sex marriage is that of its public perception. Prior to the Supreme Court's ruling on the issue there was a concern amongst activists that a wide ruling legalizing same sex marriage nationwide would result in a similarly contentious atmosphere to that of abortion. What we've seen is the exact opposite. Same-sex marriage is now essentially a non-issue. Roughly a decade ago you saw liberal states like California and my home state of Oregon approve constitutional amendments banning same-sex marriage. Today nearly 70% of the entire nation favor its legal status. We are far from a perfect nation, but this development has been incredibly heartwarming. I'll always is this to remind myself that things often get worse before they get better.
My dad joined the NRA a couple decades ago. He was hoping learn about useful accessories for his hunting rifles and shotguns, but all he got was a sticker and monthly letters telling him to vote Republican. His membership was short-lived. He thought the NRA was for sportsman, and that used to be true. Now they're just a front for the gun lobby, fighting any law that might cut into their sales. 
You're welcome.
It'll be fun to see how this plays out among my coworkers. I'm an industrial electrician (think paper/lumber mills, chemical plants, dams) and even though I live in liberal AF Eugene probably 95% of my coworkers are basically your stereotypical Trump supporter. I've spent the last week listening to them make fun of the high schooler speaking out against the NRA so I'm sure this will play well with them.
And they still look terrible compared to what you can do on Android with almost no effort.
Not surprising, iOS is pretty limited there.
Whenever you get annoyed by all the stupid shit on YouTube and the internet in general remember that it makes it possible for us to enjoy things like this. I feel like we've always had Logan Pauls that we need to try to ignore, but it isn't since the last few years that talented people can just start making shit for us to watch and actually make a career out of it.

The internet has a lot of problems, but Binging with Babish wouldn't be possible without it and it makes me happy.
I honestly can't see that *not* working.
My brain focused on the comforting side, but I can see how it can be taken differently. It would be a little more uplifting if the negative preface was generalized to say "No one does everything great."

But apparently it's from the movie so it turns out it's a great post.
Keep trying! My first attempt was gross and even though I didn't know what I was doing wrong it improved a lot as I kept trying. It's one of my staples now and I've found mushrooms to be a great addition.
My initial reaction is to criticize them for wasting their time making this, but then I realized that when I waste my time I don't make funny shit like this.
Honestly, I'd be happy to wait 15 minutes if I knew it was because the employees were stoned. It's a bullshit job so good on them for making it more enjoyable. Buuuuuut if it's heroin/opiates I just hope they get some help.
I've been listening since the beginning and it still took me a few seconds to catch on.
That's exactly why I don't use it. There's no way I'll convince any of my iPhone using friends to download this weird app they've never heard of so they can message me and *maybe* a couple more people in the future. If it had SMS backup it could be a legitimate iMessage competitor in the US.
If you only care about getting the achievement and not the challenge of it you can turn on the scarab and envy skulls and plow right through. 
I thought this was /r/HelloInternet at first. Also, no need for that apostrophe.
No way Mercedes makes any car with a manual these days.
I hope he means it and I hope he's able to grow from it. We all did stupid shit as kids, I know I did. Most of us got lucky that our stupidity didn't have consequences on that scale.
How long was the cat up there and how long does it take for a rented bucket lift to show up? We rent them pretty frequently for work and it's often hard to get one same day.
Dixon and Ngata. Mariota was probably better but that '07 season was magical until he went down.
There's two! The one in Medford has been there for a few years and the one in Grants Pass opened a few months ago.
They beat prices.
Cheapest tires are at Discount Tire. They'll also rotate your tires and fix flats for free, even if you didn't buy from them.
Agreed. Their approach seemed to be to just layer a bunch of shit on top with a higher polygon count. CE has a very clean aesthetic to it while CEA is very cluttered, leaving me preferring the old graphics.
No... I was more saying that NPR, by its nature, attracts liberal employees. Because of that they have a liberal bias that is incidental to their staffing, and not the product of an active effort to spin in a liberal manor.
I'm not all that clear on what you're saying. Is it that most of their anchors are on the left politically? If so that's in line with my first post.
Let's not fall into the trap of trying seem reasonable by making a false equivalency. I never said NPR is free of bias, just that its bias is incidental whereas outlets like Fox have an intentional bias. Saying they're the same is like excusing Trump's fondness of falsehoods by saying that every politician lies. They are very, very different.
Honestly I don't see how that wasn't intentional on Tabata's part. If it was a check swing motion I could cut him some slack, but he dropped his elbow straight down into the ball. That just isn't a normal motion you make at the plate.
> They’re undeniably liberal, but it’s better than all combined right-leaning stations or news network... and then some.

The thing about NPR and most of the "liberal media" is that it's news coming from people who happen to be liberals, rather than news with an intentional liberal spin.
I was on the verge of tears watching that game.
I've really hated the way reviewers talk about phones without headphone jacks. They point it out and then basically just say "it sucks but that's how things are now." They all do it and it pisses me off every time. Except for JerryrigEverything. He always rips them.
Still better than Bend.
Reach's forge was an improvement of what Halo 3 pioneered. A big improvement, no doubt, but there was already a massive forge community grown by Halo 3 and it was simply offered a new home in Reach.
To be fair, 95% of the league has done fuck all this offseason.
Agreed. Fingerprint scanner placement is the biggest reason I decided to wait for the Note 9 rather than buying a Note 8.
Neither ODST nor Reach we genre defining. ODST was an addition to H3 and Reach was very much a reaction to COD. Both good games, but they didn't have anywhere near the impact of their predecessors.
There's a lot more out there than just the Apple Watch. Sometimes it'll take a coworker over a week to notice my Gear S3 isn't a normal watch. Makes perfect sense for a teacher to make such a request.
How? I have a Pixel XL and all that does is open the camera and then cycle the screen on and off.
Apple often calls first regardless of whether or not they actually are.
I have a male disconnect terminal wedged in mine to keep it off. I have to keep it wedged in just right because if the button is pushed in too far my turn signals won't work. Then again, it is a BMW...
A 2WD, 4 cylinder, manual Toyota Tacoma. I need something practical and I'm currently shopping for one anyway.
First thing I do when I get a car is disable that warning chime. Not because I drive without a seatbelt, but because all it ever does is warn me about things in already aware of.
I usually do 4 10s but when I'm working locally I fucking love 5 8s. So much more time and energy to do things after work. Getting off work at 3 is amazing.
Do they need a reason?
I mean... Turn off the breaker and test it to make sure it's dead. Pretty simple stuff.
These people were either living **well** below their means or they were barely lower middle-class.
I'm an electrician, mostly industrial but I spent a couple weeks doing residential house calls. You won't believe the shit people will pay an electrician to do. I showed up to install a ceiling light, replace a receptacle, reset a GFCI, and change a fucking light bulb. These people payed $115 each for that shit. Good on you for being willing to learn.
That factor barely plays any role at all. Android OEMs, other  than Google, are simply very slow to roll out updates. Samsung, by far the most successful Android OEM in the US, still hasn't pushed 8.0 to a single phone even 3+ months after 8.0's release. To make matters worse carriers will step in and delay updates even further during their certification process. If you buy a Samsung phone from Verizon you'll probably be waiting 6 months for major updates. In addition, many manufacturers, particularly those of budget phones, will only provide one major update. Some don't provide any. Those phones are hugely popular in places like China and India which makes this statistic even worse for Android.

Meanwhile, Apple pushes a button and sends out an OTA update to every iPhone in the last 4 or 5 generations.
Camera. Budget and mid range phones often perform on a day to day basis in near parity with high end phones, but the camera is always the biggest compromise. My phone is my only camera so I'll always be getting a phone with one of the best cameras available.
Are these sold in the US?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y0NZmdNOcoo
Interesting. [This](https://www.nasa.gov/feature/goddard/nasa-study-mass-gains-of-antarctic-ice-sheet-greater-than-losses) is the study from where I got my information, though it only covers through 2008. Still, it's data conflicts with what the study you provided shows prior to 2008. I'm curious what contributes to the differences between NASA's GRACE satelites and their ICESat.
What the fuck?
> Arctic and Antarctic ice levels are setting record *lows*.

Antarctica has actually seen an increase in ice mass. On a global basis overall ice mass is way down, but it hasn't yet warmed enough to cause ice loss on Antarctica. To be clear, I'm not a climate change denier and I see it as our biggest challenge facing us, it's just important to be factual.
And it's from 2015, too. I'd be curious to see how it looks for 2017.
Dude, I literally said my next phone will be the Note 9. Also, I preferred the Note 7 over my Pixel for a number of reasons, but smoothness wasn't one of them. I only had the phone a few months and I would still see some really bad stutters once or twice a day that just doesn't happen with my Pixel.

The difference is real, or at least it was a year ago. The question is whether smoothness outweighs the myriad of features I lost switching from Samsung to a Pixel.
There was a noticeable difference in smoothness when I traded out my Note 7 for my Pixel. The smoothness is nice (though I've heard the Note 8 lessens the gap) and prompt software updates are fun, but I find myself missing the wealth of features that Samsung offers. I'll almost certainly be getting a Note 9 over the Pixel 3 this fall.
Get some better shoes. My Salomons keep my feet perfectly dry unless I completely submerge my foot.
The trouble with looking at the volume of rainfall is that it doesn't account for frequency. We rarely get large downpours and instead have a seemingly constant drizzle.
> I then start laughing and ask them how they missed at least 16 years of history, including Fox News itself massaging his balls for weeks after Dubya brought him in, and how Dubya himself championed Mueller's work on 9/11.

But we've always been at war with Eastasia.
That's every state other than Oregon.
"We're all happy to see that Milo has gone to college."
Who's brave enough to post this to /r/personalfinance? 
At work I carry a Leatherman Charge, on my own time I carry a Benchmade Stryker auto. Gotta take advantage of the fact that Oregon is the only state that allows everyone to own an auto.
Ah, but thankfully Trump recently "discovered" that there are many natural walls along the border, like rivers and mountains.
Country is really fucking popular these days. Well, pop country. Whenever someone tells me they like all music I'll put on some NOFX. They usually ask me to change it pretty quickly.
Let's find the 19 worst ballots and crucify them.
Only sometimes?
I'm glad 97 failed, taxing revenue is a bad idea. Had it been a more standard tax on profits I would have voted yes.
I usually read "1/4" as "one fourth" without the need to add a "th" on the end. Seeing "1/4th" is just weird to me. Apparently I'm the weird one, though.
> 1/4th

...
What part of the 14th? If they didn't require Democrats and Republicans to pass that same hurdle then it would violate the Equal Protection clause. That wouldn't apply in this case.
That it isn't listed in the US Constitution as a requirement isn't enough to make this unconstitutional. I'm more curious if there is an established legal precedent one way or another.
> Nope, it violates the constitution.

How so?

> But fuck logic, hate Trump circle jerk!

It's unquestionably a logical move, there's just a chance it isn't on strong legal ground. 
Fuck off.
Football in general is getting frustrating. Gee, sure is fun watching Alabama and New England play for the championship every fucking year!
That and the fact that the Mariners simply had better options at 3rd and 1st base than Edgar (Tino Martinez, Mike Blowers). Edgar could have played in the field if they didn't have great talent to take his place.
Honestly, dude can hit .240 and he'll be an asset just because of his defense.
Is this something that would stand up in court? To be clear, I'm fully in favor of the idea, it just seems like something that could face some legal challenges.
How about you solve this shit now? I'd like to go back to work.
Didn't Gallo hit more dongs than singles?
I've seen this play out so many fucking times. The Patriots are going to win.
Why am I not surprised they missed that massive hold.
Was that large swath of the Arabian peninsula just unclaimed?
Such a stupid play.
Fuck off, Eric, I'm out of work because of your idiot father.
They found a way to make vertical videos worse.
Haha I knew what that would be before I clicked.
They were adding in the hydraulic pump regardless to power the active rear wing. Connecting the doors, hood, and trunk to the pump only added a couple kilos.
They were adding in the hydraulic pump regardless to power the active rear wing. Connecting the doors, hood, and trunk to the pump only added a couple kilos.
How the fuck do you destroy a transmission in 10 feet? You'd be hard pressed to smoke a clutch that quickly, let alone an entire transmission.
The ACA was publicly debated for months, included Republicans in the negotiations, and had over 200 amendments added by Republicans. They were nothing alike.
Eugene is is pretty liberal. We've got a lot of old hippies here
As someone who hasn't owned a car younger than myself, is that actually something to be expected on newer cars? If so I'm looking forward to my next purchase.
Jesus that's a 2016? My '91 5-series with 312k on it doesn't have any rust beyond a small layer on the exhaust manifolds. Glad I live in the PNW.
Fuck yeah, I played against this guy in high school!

Do you remember the curly-haired lefty that went to Churchill? That was me. I don't remember you from high school, but my mom said I played against you and the timelines match up. Great to see a fellow Eugenian on my favorite team.
Weird tire choice. Pirelli P5, an 80,000 mile tire that I had my parents put on their minivan a few years back.
Maybe I don't know any better because I haven't tried them, but I really don't have much desire for fully wireless earbuds. I honestly love my X2s and the wire connecting them is actually somewhat of a helpful feature.
Same. I use them every day and I have yet to see battery decline. They're so good I'm not the least bit tempted to get the X3s.
Have you considered that one of the reasons we don't own the car is because of the shit visibility?
I know one is in the garage and I think the other is over by the hut.
Fuck, man, Red vs. Blue was the tits. I remember being so stoked when I first saw the Rooster Teeth symbols on Turf.
Or get a small loan of $1,000,000 from your father.
That isn't micro USB, it's USC-C. It's been getting more and more common lately and, with time, will mostly replace the normal USB. What kind of car is it?

edit: I a word
More so that doing shrooms would never lead to the described scenario.
Reddit Enhancement Suite master race.
Excellent idea! Her birthday is coming up in March so I'll look into that. Any suggestions for her NC?
My mom dailies a Miata in Oregon. She's wanted one as long as I can remember so if it's not raining the top is down.
Did we end up winning that game? I remember that inning but not how it turned out.
> people saying their hardware was faulty but the real cause was purchasing the wrong aftermarket RAM.

So definitely not for professionals lol.
Yeah, we don't care that he used a bad word. It's about his complete disregard for these people based on their nation of origin. We used to hate Irish, Italian, Japanese, Chinese, and German immigrants. Trump's own grandfather changed his name to avoid anti-German sentiment. Now we see all these cultures adding to a uniquely American society.
I've actually been able to successfully maintain the occasional smoker status for over 5 years. My rules are 1. Only when drinking to excess (which I used to do quite often a few years ago) 2. Only at night 3. Never buy myself a pack, just the friends I bum off of, and 4. If I started craving them during the day I don't smoke for a month.

Based on what every post in this thread I must be the only person who has pulled that off. It's awesome because I still get a solid buzz when I smoke, which really compliments my drunkenness.
I went from a Note 7 to a Pixel and I will absolutely return to Samsung when the Note 9 comes out. The Pixel's software is delightfully fluid and the camera is great, but it's missing a lot of features that I loved on the Note. Plus, I really don't want to be without a headphone jack.
I'd really like to think that we aren't Washington's New Jersey.
Jesus I thought they were exaggerating when they said people like you exist.
None of that really appeals to me, but that doesn't mean there isn't a market for it.
Can someone tell me why I might want this? All I can think is that it allows for a bigger screen to fit in your pocket, but in terms of actually using it I don't really want anything bigger than a Note 8.
Looking forward to seeing updates on how this went.
I was under the impression that Boog used PEDs. Am I wrong?
When most everything you do is bad you're not allowed to complain about negative reporting.
We've had the same announcement from the last three presidents, none of whom have made any effort to actually make that happen. I did see a few articles posted about it and the top comments mostly said "cool, now what will you do about it?"
A $3400 deductible isn't ideal but it really isn't that bad. Health insurance is there, in part, so a major injury or illness doesn't bankrupt you. If you have decent credit you can easily come up with $3400 in a pinch. Obviously government funded health care would be better, but his policy does have its merrits.
Don't worry, most of us see Texas as an obnoxious state and we'd rather its residents just stfu about it.
Or like "gin" but with an F.
Modern BMW doesn't give a shit about what BMW stood for 25 years ago.
This reads to me as if you're saying "that won't work because we did something different and it was bad."
What's really frustrating is that I tend to love most all the players on every Mariners team. We always suck, but I also kinda don't want to change anything. Basically I just want all the same guys to suddenly become good.
I hate Alabama.
Good god.
Holy shit he did it.
I remember there used to be a regular theater where the Home Depot is now but I don't think Freddy's replaced a drive in.
I'm way too introverted for Dutch Bros. Those people are always way to excited when I tell them I'm "just hanging out today." 
There is a god!
God fucking damnit Bama is gonna win. I'm so fucking sick of watching Bama win.
Slow down, buddy.
How do you get a sideline warning after you've already had an infraction?
Sideline infraction on Georgia, enforced as a dead ball foul.
How much would I pay or how much could I pay? Those figures are very different.
Needing gas and not being able to find an open gas station nearby has never been a problem for me.
That is nowhere near the same thing. He was reading an excerpt from his book, *Dreams from My Father*, in which he was having a conversation with someone about Malcolm X. Those words were spoken by someone else.

https://www.snopes.com/obama-demands-rib/
Definitely later than that. I was born in '91 and remember going there once or twice. I'd guess late 90s.
That has literally never been a problem for me.
Some vehicles have a sensor in the spare as well, so give that a look.
And I was just thinking I was retarded.
You're getting downvoted, but as an Oregonian I can say that basically no one here is the least bit concerned about this law change.
They just run it as credit. If you fill up at Costco they ask you to get out of your car to enter the PIN, but I haven't had that happen anywhere else.
Pain in the ass? You literally do less here than elsewhere.
And because their employer is a gas station the answer is none.
Roll Tide.
The funniest thing about the 124 Abarth is its hood. The two bulges on it are an homage to the old 124 Spider, in which they signified a twin-cam engine. The 124 Abarth has one camshaft.
Even if he's been a troll in the past that doesn't make him wrong here. Net neutrality has no impact on Comcast's ability to throttle your overall internet speed.
Pocketcasts, dude.
We're giving Trump shit for golfing so much because *he's being a hypocrite*. Get it? 
Do you know what hypocrisy is?
That's not it at all. I don't really care about our president golfing or taking time off. What I do care about is someone railing against another for doing something and then doing the same thing and more when he finds himself in that spot.

That's the problem with Trump. He spent years bitching about how much Obama golfed. In his first year Trump has golfed waaaaay more than Obama did, doing the exact thing that he previously bemoaned.
lololol 7% GDP? Most serious economists see even 3% as highly unlikely. Ironically the biggest thing that could help us reach that figure is a huge increase in immigration.
He bitched constantly about how much time Obama spent golfing and now that he's President he spends significantly more time golfing than Obama did. It's not his golfing we care about, it's his hypocrisy. He deserves all the shit he's getting.
He bitched constantly about how much time Obama spent golfing and now that he's President he spends significantly more time golfing than Obama did. He deserves all the shit he's getting.
YES!
Smart coach lol.
I love that woman.
But it would grant Bama a bye in the first round.
I've been working on the railroad?
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Stop playing.
Bullshit rule, correct call.
A couple touchdowns.
oh shit
Eh, it's not that surprising. Some large chains pay their managers really generously. When I worked at Discount Tire a few years ago my manager was taking in $200k/yr after bonuses. Managers at the most profitable stores were making close to $1mil.
Not defending this particular person, but some people love cars and love driving and are happy spending a disproportionate amount on them for their own enjoyment. It's not about showing off, it's just pursuing a passion.
I make a point to save my poops for work. If you're good at something never do it for free.
Here from r/all... This is why I don't like basketball. I prefer sports that do less to reward actors.
I'm currently watching S04E10 and this post made me realize I didn't notice when the clock ticked over.
They won 93 games two years in a row after '01 and still missed the playoffs. How many other teams can say that?
Doesn't the NHL also let like half the league into the playoffs each year?
Thankful that I never gave half a fuck about squeekball in general.
The "share image" feature.... I love that. I used to, for the convenience of people I was messaging, take a screenshot and share that, then go back and delete it when I was done. This makes my life so much easier. I love having my mind changed in a way that immediately makes my life easier.
Don't forget Felix!
Well he basically said climate change isn't real because it still gets cold in winter so I'm going with lack of understanding.
We are facing a massive problem and the man that could help implement real change to combat it doesn't have even the most basic understanding of the issue. There's good reason to worry.
Jesus, he's been around that long?
> Great joke, let's beat it into the ground.
Not likely to be the charcoal plant, I did a job there for a few months and the place barely has any odor. It's definitely International Paper. I've worked there as well (I'm an electrical contractor) and the smell gets pretty strong at times.
I think that's gonna stand.
Hail Fulgar!
Idk, man, this is pretty fucking cool.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bijcZGGjXbM
That was embarrassing.
Clearly more of a catch than the Pittsburgh play last week. They made the right call.
Looks like a catch to me, but who knows these days. Still, I think it stands.
He's been trending down pretty fast... Wasn't he over 85% recently?

edit: When do we know the final vote totals?
And it's probably sold at an Indian reservation.
I'm gonna guess Mormon.
I actually really enjoyed season two. It didn't hook me the way season one did but they did a great job conveying the complexity of Bowe Bergdahl.
Fuckin what now?
Yep, you were right. Sync is so much more fluid than RiF and has all the same features and more. Thanks for talking me into it.
That's not really it. He realized Halo has evolved into something he just isn't a fan of anymore. No sense following a game you don't enjoy.
I've done a house call where literally all I did was replace a light bulb.
All the bars I go to are open Christmas day.
Fucking shit there's a lot of people there. I've never seen more than 8 people there at once.
Doesn't this ignore the fact that some carriers use a type of signal that certain manufacturers don't support? Verizon, for example, won't work with the Essential Phone, Razor Phone, or anything from OnePlus.
It's remarkable how different an experience two people can have. I've lived here my whole life and have spent plenty of time downtown and what you describe is far from my norm. Yeah, there are homeless people but it's not hard to ignore them. Very rarely will I be asked for money and in those cases a simple "I don't have any cash" ends it. Most of my trips downtown I don't even walk past one of them. I've never seen a needle on the street and the only times I've seen someone puke is at 2 am outside the bars. 

I swear this sub is only populated by people that hate Eugene. It's fucking weird.
Dude it clearly says "notcgpgrey." Can you read?
No harness and you've got a great catapult.
How does a long snapper get a 5* rating?
Nah, he'll be in the Hall of Fame.
Step 1: Build Halo.
I posted this in reply to another comment, but it's relevant here as well.

r/politics has its problems, but this study actually found that it had significantly less misinformation spread through it than right leaning subreddits. And feel free to laugh at r/politics being characterized as non-partisan.

>Nithyanand examined 12 million posts and 332 million comments on Reddit, according to his paper. That included all posts from 124 political subreddits and a random sampling of posts and comments from nonpolitical subreddits. The political subreddits included nonpartisan forums like r/politics as well as party- and candidate-specific subreddits like r/Republicans and r/SandersForPresident.

>What the researchers found is that visitors to Republican-affiliated subreddits were 600 percent more likely to see links to controversial sources after the start of the Republican primaries, and 1,600 percent more likely after the Republican National Convention in July 2016, than they were before the campaigns started.

>What's more, over 80 percent of all posts and comments about links to these sites were on Republican-affiliated subreddits before and after the election, Nithyanand said.


It's more of a confirmation bias machine than a purveyor of misinformation. 
r/politics has its problems, but this study actually found that it had significantly less misinformation spread through it than right leaning subreddits. And feel free to laugh at r/politics being characterized as non-partisan.

>Nithyanand examined 12 million posts and 332 million comments on Reddit, according to his paper. That included all posts from 124 political subreddits and a random sampling of posts and comments from nonpolitical subreddits. The political subreddits included nonpartisan forums like r/politics as well as party- and candidate-specific subreddits like r/Republicans and r/SandersForPresident.

>What the researchers found is that visitors to Republican-affiliated subreddits were 600 percent more likely to see links to controversial sources after the start of the Republican primaries, and 1,600 percent more likely after the Republican National Convention in July 2016, than they were before the campaigns started.

>What's more, over 80 percent of all posts and comments about links to these sites were on Republican-affiliated subreddits before and after the election, Nithyanand said.




It's more of a confirmation bias machine than a purveyor of misinformation.
I keep hearing it described as "modular" which leads me to believe you can at very least upgrade the RAM and hard drive, if not the GPU and *maybe* the CPU. Fuck, man, is Final Cut Pro really good enough to justify dumping thousands upon thousands of dollars more into a computer that will have a shorter lifespan that a comparable Windows machine? I don't get it.
Honestly to me it seems like a terrible machine for a professional. Yes the specs are great *now* but it's completely unupgradeable and for the price that is absolutely laughable. It's a machine that can cost well over $10,000 that leaves you stuck with the same internals throughout its life. You can't even access the RAM!

I'm not even getting into the Windows vs Mac debate, this machine is just stupid. Any sane individual will wait for the new Mac Pro coming next year.
If at all possible make sure to review a manual. They make you put the car in reverse before starting it!
Does negative recruiting mean talking shit about Oregon or just going after kids that have made verbal commitments here?
> The iPhones have the most features packed into them...

Most of what you said was on point, but this is way off base. iPhones have great silicon, great cameras, a great app ecosystem, and familiar software, but they absolutely do not have the most features packed in. Android phones have been ahead in that department for quite a while and likely always will be. That isn't the game Apple plays and it's been working quite well for them.
Crux Pilsner, out of Bend, OR. If I could only drunk one beer for the rest of my life this would be it.
u/Doug-DeMuro, minor nit-pick but the engine isn't really two V6s, it's actually two VR6s arranged in a V.
Hmm... Might be time to give it another run.
Can you completely collapse parent comments to just show the username? I dug through the settings but couldn't any option that allowed that. With RiF after spending a few minutes in a big post my screen looks like [this](https://i.imgur.com/BxBDhrN.png), which is something I would want to be able to replicate in Sync.
Sync won't let you completely collapse a comment the same way RiF does. I'll say that Sync's navigation is enjoyable in its fluidity, but RiF let's me interact with content in ways that better suits my desires.
How long until this gets deleted? His "proof" is Cheech promoting an AMA he did back in May.
I was under the impression that HTC and LG manufacture internally, but I'm not sure.
These are thing I've never had to deal with as a man. Countless time, tonight included, a woman has asked me to watch her drink, but beyond that I've never had to worry about a drink being tampered with. I think it's good for us to remember things like this.
Quality repost, to be fair.
Reach was... No need to include Reach, now that I think of it.
This is a guy that, if he is comfortable, should really get his story out (And I do realize it's far easier for me to say that than for him do actually do it). He was in an incredibly dark place and appears able to empathize with any would-be school shooter. He genuinely shared their feelings of loneliness and seems to encourage openly talking about those feelings rather than simply trying to repress them. If his perspective could be shared with more people we might see fewer of these incidents.

It's weird to think that someone so close to committing a school shooting could go on to live a normal and productive life, but that is exactly what is possible if we encourage people to seek mental health treatment rather than hide mental health issues.
The Essential phone's launch price is responsible for its perception. Were it launched at its current price it would be regarded as a great piece of software and hardware at a great price that only makes you compromise on camera performance. Sadly, it was released at standard flagship price, a price that made a great camera "essential." Subsequent price drops make it much more appealing, but it still retains the perception of a phone that came up short.
I'm not trying to be overly skeptical, nor am I saying that Sony is the best partner, but I'll have more confidence in Google doing "everything internally" when they're no longer reliant on another phone company to make their devices. I don't know they'll be there anytime soon, or if that's even a requirement for their success.
I don't know why you're so sour on Pixels. Yes, their current market share is small, but widespread brand recognition takes time and dedication. Google is currently dedicated to their advertising effort and is positioned perfectly as an iPhone alternative. Right now tech savvy iPhone users are strongly tempted by Pixels. In a year or two they'll have just as much brand recognition as Samsung and are set to become to go to Android phone once they move past the Verizon "exclusivity."
Idk why you're being downvoted, you're simply expressing skepticism based on experience in a similar scenario. Not outright stating that OP's concern is unwarranted, just that different scenarios show that it might not be a problem.
It's all about cutting calories in a sustainable fashion. Exercise is incredibly important for general health but it plays a very small role in weight loss. Cut calories down to a healthy level that you will be able to maintain every day for the rest of your life.

If you go too crazy your body goes into starvation mode and saves more calories as fat and you end up losing less weight in the long run. Choose a calorie level you can maintain **forever** and even though it might take more time to drop down to a healthy weight you'll be better set up to *maintain* a healthy weight.

edit: Even if you find you can't get to the ideal weight, your life will be vastly improved by going from obese to just overweight. You might not get to "perfect" but any weight loss that can be maintained is incredibly beneficial and absolutely something to be proud of.
How detailed it this map? Does it include seasonal stream? Looks interesting.
I understand that some disagree with his methods, but could you elaborate on what exactly it is you disagree with regarding his intentions?
He's a rich dude that understands how lucky he is and fights to even the playing field. I'm a fan.
Biggest thing that bugs me about Chevy trucks is their wheel well design. They jut up really high in a way that makes you think it can fit big tires, but they're so short in length that anything slightly larger than stock rubs like crazy. I'm not even talking about stupid, oversized mudders, even a tire around 34" will rub terribly without some suspension mods or crazy trimming, but the fender height leaves them looking undersized.
Great band, definitely stole my name from them.
Cliche_Guevara here, I remember you. And Cursed. There was some quality drama when he got banned.
Which also made for some awesome screenshots.
Welp, that's game.
Fucking hell we needed that stop.
It's surprising when we're *under* 100 yards in penalties. Been that way for a while, but we also used to have a great offense to overcome that.
Things looking good for Oregon? Time for a false start!
Good no call.
And I saved more than both of them by not buying anything.
It should be a lot worse than it is. They turned the ball over 3 times in the red zone.
Apparently the reason people go to Vegas is to take selfies everywhere. I for one enjoy the getting fucked up part.
Well now it's a 10 point game.
Fucking hell it took him way to long to decide to run the ball.
You probably did.
Holding.... defense? That's weird.
Jesus, I get 40 *hours* per year.
WTF is wrong with our run game?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XqlcRAZfRHc
Two years. We did't play in a bowl game last year.
lol BSU making the safe choice and taking a knee.
NO FUCKING WAY!!!!
Of course that happens. Just couldn't let me feel a little happy going into the half.
lol of course there's a false start.
I'm still waiting on the flag that takes that back...
Zero run game and Herbert seems to prefer passing to the blue guys. Gotta love it.
AND a personal foul. WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH THIS TEAM??
Apparently Herbert forgot how to be good in the last couple weeks.
Why the fuck do they do this shit?
Classic Oregon football: do something good and have a penalty undo it.
This offense looks identical to when Herbert was hurt.
My expectations were already low, this is more of a confirmation.
Needed a holding call.
Well that's a fucking relief.
Following people I don't even know is all I do with twitter. They're way more interesting than the people I do know.
I'm not having fun.
Go price out some tires. They show a per tire price and then add on a mount/balance charge. Obviously the "out the door price" includes all that, but you can also simply purchase a set loose and avoid paying that charge.
Used to work there, they definitely do. $16/tire for mount and balance and $2.50/tire for disposal fee.
If that hashtag is any indicator it looks like I'll be stuck playing 10+ year old Halo games for the foreseeable future.
That's Bungie's official story, but John Howard has always held that the CE pistol's power was a deliberate design choice and not a last minute decision.
You can have him back once we start regretting the contract.
What in the hell made you think that? Had you never heard of him prior to that?
Are you in Portland? 541 is the norm everywhere but the Portland area.
Huh, I don't remember encountering either of those. 971 has been around way longer than I expected.
Why does he smile like that? Why can't I see his bottom teeth at all?
That's what I can't stand about the right, they just make blanket statements with zero nuance. Regulation is bad! Taxes are bad! Socialism is bad! They have zero interest in discussing actual policy and it's infuriating.
How long has Oregon had more than 541 and 503?
Are we punishing him for having played with Griffey, A-Rod, and Ichiro?
Because you allow the app to send notifications for shit like this. Stop complaining about it and just turn them off.
What did we lose in going "all in?" Are there players we could have acquired had we not gone after Ohtani the way we did? We traded a good prospect for more international money, but we also got Dee Gordon in that deal so it was hardly for nothing. I don't see how we're any worse off than if we had made a lesser effort in going after him.
Trump was singing Moore's praises at that rally. It was fucking weird. And he absolutely backed Moore the whole time. He said he made a mistake in choosing Strange and only momentarily quieted his support for Moore when the pedo shit first came out.

> but his advisers were smart enough to know what was at stake.

Isn't that the story if the Trump administration? Trump says and does idiotic shit and his advisers try to walk him back. A perfect example is Russia's interference in the election. The official administration position is that Russia interfered, and yet every other week Trump undermines that stance.

His advisers don't deserve praise for seeing that Moore is a nut, just like they don't deserve praise for their stance on Russian interference.
I'm sure there was a plan, just no good one. We can't afford a pitcher of Ohtani's caliber on the FA market, we have fuck-all for prospects to trade, and our bullpen needs a lot of work regardless. Dipoto is doing everything he can to win right now with very limited resources.
Trump's advisers knew that and they managed to get Trump to begrudgingly follow along. Trump himself never honestly backed Strange. He gave a half-assed effort in campaigning for him and was thrilled to hop on board with Moore once he won. 
Apparently the report was dated 11/28 so it's almost certain all the clubs were aware of this. Even if he misses a whole season with this he still would have been a bargain.
lol, only because his advisers told him to. Trump was singing Moore's praises while speaking at a Luther Strange rally.
It's easier to win elections when your candidate isn't a pedophile.
I don't see Doug being pleased by fewer quirks.
I would imagine it has to do with the demographics of the areas that have yet to report.
Honestly, cable isn't that expensive. I'm already paying for internet from the same company and it was like $15/mo extra with HBO. As someone that's a big baseball fan it's 100% worth it.
With the lack of punctuation it took me forever to figure that sentence out.
I just got a notification for this. I haven't taken a bus in years.
That's like 80% frosting. No thanks.
Standard household electrical work really isn't difficult or dangerous. Just buy a proper meter so you can be sure power is off and follow instructions. My friend wired up his entire house himself and had me look it over before the inspector came (I'm an electrician) and it looked better than a lot of the work some professionals do.
Doesn't Edgar usually trend higher in the early ballots?
I'm fairly certain these people don't know what rule of law means. It seems like they think it means being tough on crime.
Will Ryan even allow a vote on it?
Oregon shouldn't be up there. Most winters we don't get any substantial snow and as little as an inch will basically shut down our major cities.
Yeah, pre-patch was absolutely fucked.
Fuck I loved super bouncing. 
>Speed has never killed someone, it's the suddenly becoming stationary that gets you.

~Jeremy Clarkson, more or less.
I like it. What was Taggart's buyout, $4m?
There are plenty of people out there that can teach pretty much anyone how to pass a polygraph. I wouldn't walk into it cold, but with some good training I wouldn't second guess it.
I'm in Eugene and my first thought was Subarus and Priuses. They're everywhere.
I drove a BMW in high school and my family wasn't all that well off. It just happened to be a 25 year old BMW.
People aren't cross shopping the Panamera with a sports car. They want a big, practical sedan that has a great brand image. Nothing comes close to the Panamera at its price.
BUT HAS IT WON A RIBBON???
OSU just did that with Riley, didn't they?
Can you prove they didn't?
It's gotten worse the last few years but it really isn't that bad. I worked in Portland for bit recently and traffic isn't even comparable.
Wait "steamed ham" is an actual expression and not just a joke from the Simpsons?
I assumed this was a steroids joke.
Reminds me of when I changed the starter on my 1981 3-series. The book gives a couple obvious steps (disconnect the battery and the leads that run to the starter) then simply says "remove starters bolts." We fought it for hours but there was no way they were coming out. We finally check a forum for advice and the first step is to drop the fucking transmission.
>We wanted Dyson and got 4 years of younger faster Dyson

We can't safely say that until we see how Gordon plays CF. He hits a little better and is a little better on the basepaths, but he's basically never played in the outfield and Dyson was among the best out there. 
Eh, not by much. 93 vs 85 career OPS+ and it's basically a guarantee that Gordon will be a defensive liability in center. I would have preferred a 3 or 4 year deal with Dyson for similar money, assuming that was a possibility.
Dyson is a FA
>Giving Mullens an ultimatum is stupid...

I don't think he's giving him an ultimatum as much as he's just telling him the truth. A big reason these guys committed to Oregon was to play for these coaches in particular. Keeping the coaching staff in place will do a lot to dissuade them form going elsewhere.
Dude, he's gone.
I haven't read the books, but from what I understand he wasn't really thinking with his cock in their story line. He was basically raped by Talisa (she had sex with him while he was drugged up for his battle wounds) and when she became pregnant he married her out of honor. This mostly stemmed from his desire for his son to have a better childhood than Jon. I always like this version of events better than what we were given in the show.
Does anyone here actually use portrait mode? It's never been the least bit appealing to me and honestly didn't even strike me as a feature until Apple started touting it with the 7 Plus release. Granted, I've never had a phone or camera with the capability. 
*biased
6 3/4 litre, no?
Regarding point 1, I'm thinking there's a large degree of selection bias at play here and that most women would find this idea repulsive.
I grew up wanking to internet porn and I use my dominant hand. The thing is, I'm left handed and the mouse is always on the right.
What now?
All the people bitching about notifications, this is your own fault. Either disable them or get a Reddit app that doesn't do push notifications.
Nobody is getting Dongcarlo for cheap, trading him is all about dumping that contract.
More that his comment doesn't contribute to the discussion at all.
Isa light bat!
Mariners fan?
Why are you on iFunny?
How will they make a 6 3/4 litre electric motor?
I'd say Mariota's was more of a sure thing.
Someone teach that kid how to make an O.
Thanks for understanding.
I STILL DON'T KNOW HOW TO SAY HIS NAME!
He's probably leaning hard towards staying but knows he'll be called a liar if he ends up getting an unexpected offer he can't turn down. It sucks, but there really isn't an answer that solves all the problems.
Life sure is rough for you Yankee fans.
Fuck the Yankees and fuck Mike Trout!
Jokes are supposed to be funny.
A well made version of Halo: Master Chief Collection.
His side of the story is that, years ago, in an attempt to comfort a coworker, he put his hand on her back and it accidentally slid into her open backed shirt. This made her uncomfortable and she confronted him about it later via email. He apologized. She accepted. He was recently fired over that incident.
And then there's the Garrison Keillor case. That's a worrying one.
A new bill has no chance of passing, let alone making it out of committee. At least until 2019.
CE was brilliantly balanced, actually.
She looks like a spastic.
>And we'll take a break.

Of fucking course you will.
TIL you can just tackle the receiver before the ball gets there.
You gotta call a PI on that!
I'm sure whatever extension he signs will come with a significantly larger buyout. FSU would not be cool with that.
Saved them a time out!
Run a play, commercial. Run a play, commercial. Run a play, commercial.
Ohio State always seems to get another 3 yards after contact.
This is fucking hard to watch.
Dr. Pepper sure is getting their money's worth.
How the fuck does he not score on that?
I'll rest easy either when he signs the extension or FSU hires someone else.
So what happens if Wisconsin loses? Is Alabama in?
Wisconsin is getting killed by big plays.
Needs more light bars.
Here's a summary of this thread: 

>Both parties have done this.

OK, give an example of the Dems doing this.

>TPP

That's not the same.

>PIPA and SOPA are bad.

No shit, but that's not the same thing.

>I DIDN'T SAY THEY WERE THE SAME!!!!!!

????
There's a loooooota time left.
Saying both parties have done bad things does not mean that both parties have done **this particular** bad thing or that they do bad things at an equal rate. This god damn false equivalency is a big part of why Trump won last year.
There is no reason to believe he was going to use a parliamentary trick to minimize the number of votes needed, allow zero time for debate, and provide nowhere near enough time to analyze the legislation prior to voting. That isn't even remotely similar to what just happened.
100% tie off. It's more dependent on the situation than the company.
Penalty penalty penalty penalty penalty
Hashtags don't work on Reddit.
Thank fucking god he missed.
Are you fucking kidding me? They're gonna get saved *again* by a delay of game!
Flag.......
Or keep pushing them back.
Are you fucking kidding me? I'd be so pissed if I were a UCF fan.
Holy fuck Memphis just got saved by their own delay of game.
>My point was both sides have used this tactic to get something they wanted through.

So *provide an example.* You keep saying that both sides have done this and yet you keep failing to justify that claim.
I think you're right.
It's a Spyder, actually. Your point still stands, though.
Just because you can afford to buy the car doesn't mean you can afford to maintain it. A lot of people that buy these cars used don't consider cost of ownership.
I did my part.
So was the Spring Training invite just a nice gesture?
Reminds me of the difference between an E34 and an E39.
I vote on every post I go by so of course I don't read every article.
Why stop there? The E21 debuted in '75.
This has no impact on tuition, Oregon's football program has operated at a profit for quite some time. 
A nice collection of edgy conservative buzzwords.
Edgar, Griffey A-Rod, and Johnson. It was great.
And in a similar sense Halo 2 is better than Halo 4 and 5 (and, IMO, Reach and H3). There seems to be less focus on the core gameplay and more on all the bullshit gimmicks they can pile on top.
I don't want them to run the clock out, but I was happy to see guys like Herbert and Freeman pulled so early. Don't need them hurt for the bowl game.
The fact that there isn't a divide between eastern and western Oregon tells me this map isn't all that accurate. Eastern Oregon is high desert and sees a lot of sun. Western Oregon gets rained on 3/4 of the year.
It isn't called the Freedom Tower because that name is cringe-inducingly idiotic. Do you honestly, deep down believe that the people who made that decision did so out of concern for offending terrorists? Is that *really* something you believe?
It's like someone stuck VW headlights on a BMW. I'm not a fan.
Benoit (balls) had the same yardage with fewer caries.
We've had a stacked backfield for the last 10 years.
We have 30 fewer penalty yards than the Beavers have total yards.
What's the most scored by one team in a Civil War?
It just continues!
"Traveled." Half the Duck fans at Autzen make a longer drive than the one from Corvallis.
I too would like an answer to that.
You'll be fine, there are always a lot of Beaver fans coming to Autzen for the Civil War. The worst you'll get is some drunk dickhead yelling at you.
I worked with a guy for months before learning he was from the Netherlands. He's in his early 30s and moved here after college but has absolutely zero accent.
Wtf was that throw?
Thanks.
Why is the clock running even though he went out of bounds?
I started doing that in my early 20s because it made doing coke easier. I normally have a forest up there and it would trap like $20 of coke some nights.
>Disproportionately popular.

That means more popular in comparison to other regions. Pretty much everyone has stuffing so one region can't really stand out by a wide margin.
Crux Pilsner is one of the best beers out there.
That's basically the point of the offseason for us Mariners fans.
Where in Oregon?
His numbers are Hall of Fame caliber and he has an award names after him. Holding the fact that he played DH against him is absolutely bullshit. If he played a mediocre 1st base he'd be in no question.
I hate to be negative-nancy but.... It's a fucking screw in a tire. And it might not even be leaking. How is this remarkable in any way?
The FBI was investigating Russian meddling months before the election took place.
Lol
Spoiler alert.
Look, I'm clearly a biased fan so I need some help here. Has Oregon had a drive extended on a terrible call the way Arizona has? This drive feels like horseshit but I know my fandom makes me biased.

Edit: drunken typos
It's a Reddit app.
I've heard of none of them.
I'm not.
Eugene doesn't feel all that big, but for some reason Salem has always felt notably smaller. Nice to see reality conforming to my gut feelings.
You're being downvoted for pointing out the correct definition while clarifying that the distinction doesn't make his actions any more defensible. Meanwhile people get upvoted for (accurately) pointing out that Franken didn't technically grope his accuser. People here are weird.

Consistency would be nice, but it would also be nice for a calm, factual assessment of the situation not to be conflated with minimizing his actions.
Technically, no. Pedophilia is an attraction to pre-pubescent children. This distinction doesn't make his actions any better, but in not using the correct terminology we give his defenders something to point to to muddy the issue.
What fucking phones are you looking at?
We're heavily reliant on hydroelectric power which, while far better than coal, has its own environmental concerns. I'm hopeful that as other alternative energy sources progress we'll be able to restore a great number of our rivers to their previous state.
>Verlander got ~~ripped off~~ fucked last year, or he would be on that list.

FTFY
Good to have a former Duck back in the PNW.
I'm in Oregon and I don't know anyone that has much positive to say about them.
Sounds like something I would tell my mom when I was 13.
I'm curious about stats, but Eugene and Portland honestly seem about the same. I live in Eugene but stayed with a friend in Portland for a month for work and I didn't notice a difference in homelessness.
Fuck man, I'm a huge Amtrac fan. Yeah, it's slower than driving, but it's so damn relaxing and very reasonably priced.
"I like the racing... stripes."
Jesus, you're telling me he hasn't gotten a single vote yet?
wtf is your flair.
Why did he shave the front bit?
That isn't how I wanted things to go.
WTF that was such a weird (non) play.
Even more impressive when you consider the substantial position adjustment penalty a DH takes in WAR.
>Also, it's not like Edgar couldn't have gone out there and played a mediocre 1st or 3rd...

That's what really annoys me. Some people would rather put a defensive liability into the Hall (not saying Edgar would've been that) than a DH. Just fucking dumb.
Top speed for the Veyron, the Chiron has yet to do a top speed run.
**BUMPER TO BUMPER**
Except we've been hearing it for 30+ years.
I don't enjoy Have You Ever until the last 45 seconds or so, but I fucking love those last 45 seconds.
I do hate how it sounds on the radio but the unedited version is great.
Americana (the song) is pretty damn good, too.
It's the mid-engined Corvette of the smart phone world.
I don't know about you, but when I first saw the Pixel book it looked like the perfect device for me. Super portable web browser that supports the Office suite and will work seamlessly with my Pixel. And then I realized it costs the same as my XPS 13 (which came with a free TV) and I loled. Google is trying to make Apple's laptops look like a good value.
Both a great player and a huge positive in the clubhouse. The anti-Rugianno.
If I think I might return to a thread I'll just save it. When I'm done I unsave.
Change your settings to hide posts that you've voted on. Be sure to vote on every post, that way all the links are blue. It also has the effect of syncing desktop with mobile browsing.
Which contributes to the southern Willamette Valley being possibly the worst place in the world for people with pollen allergies.
No nominees for MVP, Cy Young, or Rookie of the Year. We're all surprised.
There is a lot I hate about the Model 3 and I would never buy one, but I can't deny that this is one of the most important cars to come out this decade.
More likely that this thread has attracted a lot of people who like the new NSX. Selection bias.
Is beating an already mediocre Oregon team that's also missing its starting QB really worth that much?
Wow, two years in a row.
With the ridiculous number of breweries opening up all the time it shouldn't come as a surprise when some of them shut down. I don't see any cause for concern.
Considering all the factors, I see this result as fair. The man had a mental breakdown while in Coast Guard basic training and was discharged. That the US Army would even consider allowing him to enlist, let alone see fit to send him to a war zone, is an egregious error on their part. He did a terrible thing and endangered his fellow servicemen, but the Army shouldn't have allowed him to be there in the first place.
In that specific scenario I can see it being faster, but more often than not it's much slower. Fingerprint scanners are a single fast step. Finger on the scanner and you're in. With FaceID you need to hold your phone correctly and then swipe up. FaceID would be great if it were implemented in conjunction with TouchID, similar to what Samsung does with their iris scanner. I loved being able to choose between the two with my Note 7. Apple really should have given people that option.
With a lot of wind that isn't too crazy. We'll need to see their run in the opposite direction to get proper context.
Nah, it started on Reddit. Someone posted a few pictures of some creepy shit they found in their basement and used a "banana for scale." I'm sure someone more motivated than I will dig up the post.
Is it '07 again?
Fuck Mike Trout.
Holy shit, when did that happen? I mentally had him at around 300,000 and getting a 200,000ish views per video, but he's been consistently getting around 1 mil per video. Good on him!
The picture makes me think it's 16:9 so it'll be plenty large.
They don't franchise, but if you're competent and hard working you can easily make well over 6 figures with them. I worked for them while going to college and my manager made $200,000+ and regional VPs made over half a million. They all started as tire techs. 
You can always tell if it's fair or foul based off the reaction from the batter. Be it by 1 ft or 50 ft for some reason it's really easy to know right when it leaves the bat.
We're never going to bed!
Holy shit that's a clutch double.
Wtf is happening in this game.
Because you're being fucking weird.
Fucking not cool, dude.
Sitting on my couch drinking a beer I can confidently tell you I would have made the right decision on that play.
Who needs a successful bunt when you can get a triple? 
Why do non-pitchers still sac bunt?
Damn that midget.
Is there another pitcher you'd rather have right now? Ignoring team control, cost, age, etc and just looking at talent it's easy to say he's the best.
There we go!
Jesus I just now realized that isn't "boo too big." I thought it was about how the last line is always way too long.
Yeah, I don't really like your chances.
THAT'LL DO IT!!
2 runs would work, too.
Is that a dickbutt?
You're up in the series and this game isn't even over yet.
Your offense sure can.
I want a good angle on that check swing, dammit!
Fall does have its moments, but most of the time it's cold, gray, and rainy. Summer (assuming we aren't be suffocated by forest fires) is far better.
It's just hitting, catching, throwing, and running.
It's blue.
Can't say I saw that coming.
I got it, I was just being pedantic. I was still pretty surprised to see that run come in.
Technically the run wasn't his.
There definitely are outfielders that could make that catch (Jerrod Dyson immediately came to mind), but I won't slight Puig for not getting there.
Jesus, Gurriel had terrible form on that play.
Cats hunt. How is she surprised by that?
I gotta agree with you. This sub has actually been pretty positive on the iPhone and I regularly see upvoted comments praising what it offers. I really don't see the toxicity. Yeah, people bitch about things, but that's what you do on the internet. The only times I've seen someone get personally attacked for their choice of phone they always get downvoted. 
I'm watching you through a camera!
Nope, just try rookie strikeout record.
Ah, a pumpkin pusher.
Who is KP?
There's a spot on my computer screen that made me think Altuve completely misplayed that ball.
Have you watched us play?
Not only do we fail converting, we fail in an embarrassing fashion.
UCLA goes deep on 3rd and long=reception.
Oregon does it=interception.

 I don't like football anymore.
You need a knife.
> Finally joined the club! [posts picture of brand new base model X1]
Jesus that was a stupid pass.
Adam Jones wasn't exactly bad while he was with us.
Which doesn't necessarily say much because the Pixel 1's is shit.
I'm not excusing it, just trying to understand it. He still acted in a way that brought severe harm onto another person and needs to face the consequences (assuming the charges are accurate). Trying to understand why people do bad things isn't equivalent to appeasement.
The fuck was Chris Taylor doing?
I know it's wrong but I so wish Grandy hit a big ol' dong after striking out.
Not surprised. They're really good with RMAs.
Some people just haven't learned to control their emotional outbursts. There definitely wasn't a rational thought process that lead to this action.
Mike Zunino?
I haven't had issues with the cables, but the port itself has been problematic. I'm on my 3rd Pixel XL after the first two started having problems charging and holding the cable in. Thankfully the exchange process was very easy and it takes almost zero effort to setup a new Pixel.
> 2012: Zach Ertz's catch is ruled not a catch, play ND for national title.

I still don't understand wtf the refs were looking at with that play. It was ruled incomplete on the field and in replays *you see the damn ball moving around,* but somehow it gets overturned and ruled a catch.
Visited, never lived in. The worst parts of Eugene just have more weirdos and tweakers. While property crime will be more prevalent than elsewhere in the city, you don't see anything near the kind of violent crime that you do in places like Chicago, LA, etc. It just isn't comparable.
Nice.
> Ghettos of downtown Eugene

lol
I don't see Mike Zunino.
I'm pretty sure it would have. That should count as a retouch.
Hahaha this is too funny.
This sure is fun.
That would still be an OSHA violation. 6'+ and you need to be tied off.
Pitchers are already expensive as fuck right now, we don't need to add to that demand.
I'm almost 300 miles from the closest team (Eugene to Seattle) and could very well end up with a team much closer to me (Portland). I really don't want to see expansion at this point.
Fuck Mike Trout.
I still play MCC regularly and while you don't get a genuine H2/3 experience it still plays plenty good to be a lot of fun. H1 is completely fucked, though.
Were they previously free?
It's amazing that 343 keeps fucking up things we took for granted for the better part of a decade.
As a veteran electrician I can confirm it is indeed magic.

^^^^^^^I'm ^^^^^^^actually ^^^^^^^a ^^^^^^^2nd ^^^^^^^year ^^^^^^^apprentice ^^^^^^^but ^^^^^^^I ^^^^^^^want ^^^^^^^karma
The fuck? You're telling me they took this away in H5?
If I upgrade I'll definitely be getting the 2XL, but in the meantime I'm waiting for Jerryrigeverything's review. So long as the build is similarly robust to the Pixel 1 I'll place my order, but Google doesn't have a solid enough hardware history for me to trust them right out the gate.
I really wish they would include 16x9 screen dimensions in addition to the total screen size. While I'm a fan of the elongated aspect ratios, I can't quite intuitively visualize the screen size based on diagonal length like I can with the old 16x9 standard.
That and the camera was mediocre at best. All else aside, that one failure is a deal breaker for many. 
You weren't wrong.
Lackey seems like an odd choice.
Home field score keeper.
I hate sac bunts.
Notice how Lincoln commercials always show their cars dimly lit? There's good reason for that.
When our 3 best QBs were hurt, 2 best receivers were hurt, and 2nd best RB was hurt. 07 was rough.
At this point it's worse.
This is bad.
Holding, as is tradition.
God dammit, we're gonna lose a couple players to rabies now, aren't we?
Where's the flag?
More penalties!
Good play? Of course there's a flag on Oregon.
Defense looking nice and porous.
Damn playoff crowds always fooling me on deep fly balls.
I've never understood it either. The umps on the field aren't even the ones that made the decision!
Can't argue that, Joe. Why the fuck do they argue these calls and get thrown out for nothing?
You do you, but I love watching Puig's antics. Baseball is more fun with personality.
Climate change isn't political and how we address it will have a huge impact on the future of the car.
That right/front tire is backwards.
>WiFi was a recent one - I had to connect to a WiFi network and didn’t know the security type to put for Windows, but my Mac never even asked.

I have an XPS 13 and have never had to think about that when connecting to WiFi. That's weird.
Verlander tho
Yeah, that's not how baseball works.
Remember when the Astros walked us off on a home run that would be a pop out in every park but their own?
Lol that's a double, Todd.
So he looks like Trout?
Double for Gardner.
Coaches ask for a review.
Hell of an inning by Reddick.
Definitely out.
Me thinks out.
Also, fuck Chevy.
I'm really glad they made us wait that long for a replay so they could make sure and get that VW ad in *immediately* after the catch.
Fuck you, VW, I'd like to see that aftermath of that catch before your ad blocks out the entire fucking screen.
England not even trying.
There's clearly a significant, decades long upward trend, but you're focusing on the tiny drop at the end. That graph contains dozens of drops, all of which are proceeded by even greater increases. You can't just cherry-pick to one year and declare a trend.
I honestly didn't know Houston was that big.
Adam Lind bringing that Mariner magic to the Nats.
Probably a shitload of fondant. Disgusting but edible.
Don't be afraid to dive deep into the settings. Depending on what you do there it can give you a completely different experience with the app.
Huh, I love RIF. Looks very similar to the desktop version, information dense, easy to navigate, and great interface with a lot of different media styles.
People actually use the official app?
If you're using Reddit is Fun there is a setting to toggle that. IIRC you can do it on an app by app basis.
I couldn't see anything on whether or not it's turbocharged. Anyone know?
Crux is both amazing and not owned by Anheuser-Busch.
So Trump Jr was lying when he admitted to meeting with representatives of the Russian government on the promise of receiving dirt on Clinton? Did he release fake communications showing him organizing that meeting? 
Yep, I had to go through Verizon. Thankfully I didn't have to send in my old phone until after the new one arrived.
Even buying direct from Samsung you can't get a blue Note 8 in the US.
How the fuck does someone sweat that much? 
I really did enjoy wireless charging when I had it but it definitely isn't a deal breaker. USB C being reversible makes it less of a big deal.
What the fuck was that commercial.
Why exactly did Price get moved to the bullpen?
I bought my Pixel from Verizon and had to go through them when I needed a warranty replacement. I initially contacted Google and they told me that because I didn't purchase it from them they couldn't help me. The tech support they offer through the settings menu still goes through Google and works great.
Was he not down when the ball came out?
We're a little past that point.
Fuck off.
Shocking. Absolutely shocking.
It helps that we're incapable of making a forward pass.
Just fucking take a knee and give up if you're gonna play call like that.
We'll get there.
The refs. That was blatant PI on the pick.
Doesn't help when blatant PI is overlooked.
They've missed 3 PI calls against WSU in a row, one of which they called against Oregon somehow.
You've capitalized on terrible PI calls/no calls.
So it's impossible for WSU to commit PI on either side of the ball.
Offensive PI called as defensive PI. Gotta love it.
If anything that was offensive PI.
Considering we're incapable of making a forward pass I'd say you're alright.
WSU keeps throwing the ball forward... Is that allowed?
So it's just impossible for us to pass the ball past the line of scrimmage.
Thank the refs.
Can someone explain to me how that wasn't pass interference?
Idk, I went from an S6 to a Note 7 to a Pixel and was immediately in love with how fluid the software is. The best part is that a year down the road this phone hasn't slowed at all.
$160 with 4.2 is annoying.
Fucking sex!
Fuck, I don't know. I love the software on my Pixel but, having come from a Note 7, the hardware is extremely dull. I absolutely love the panda look and front facing speakers are tempting. Like many my biggest hangup is the missing headphone jack. I'm having a constant internal argument over whether or not I want to join the dongle lifestyle.
I just love when the Yankees get fucked.
Fuck the Yankees!
Fuck that sound effect is annoying.
I don't care what /r/baseball says, I love Harold Reynolds.
Donald Trump Jr literally admitted to meeting with representatives of the Russian government with on the promise of receiving damning information on Hilary Clinton. In his released email exchanges he showed zero surprise at mention of an ongoing effort by the Russian government to help Trump win the election.

They've already admitted it. The right's reaction was to pivot from shouting "no evidence of collusion" to "it doesn't matter if they colluded." 
I have a lot of little scratches on the back but you really can't see them without looking closely. I honestly hadn't even thought to look for scratches there until seeing this thread. I should note that I'm an industrial electrician and don't use a case, so I'm a little harder on it than most.
lol that lady was **not** having it.
It makes sense for them because it's easier, but for the consumer it is objectively worse. Samsung and LG have shown that fitting a headphone jack is very doable. Yes, Google has stereo speakers to fit that they do not, but Samsung and LG both pack in wireless charging and expandable storage. They did it because it's easier and Apple conditioned the marketplace to accept it.
/r/KenM 
I was absolutely going to buy this phone if it had a headphone jack. The Pixel was my first taste of stock Android and I absolutely love it. Unfortunately I use the headphone jack all the time and I just can't buy a phone without it. 
I definitely downvoted you before my brain caught up.
Surprised I had to scroll down this far for this comment. The game content alone is enough for a great movie franchise, but throw in the books and you have an immense universe to play in.
Honestly, you can just part down near campus and walk from there. It's about a 20 minute walk but it's pretty nice going through campus, across the Willamette river, through the woods, and then emerging to see the big Oregon "O" on Autzen. Just walk to the intersection of Agate and Franklin and then you'll be able to follow all the Duck fans.

If you aren't a fan of walking you can always take the bus. LTD (our bus service) has a number of pickup sites throughout Eugene and Springfield all with ample parking. They run an easy return service that starts sometime in the second half (not sure when, I've never left a game before it ends) that will get you back to your car.
Five years ago that car was $30,000. Damnit, I've never going to own one.
Does it have blind spot warning? What do you mean it doesn't have blind spots?
This isn't what I was wanting to see.
His daily is a '13 Optima. He has a '98 Dodge 2500 he bought new for getting shit done and a couple motorcycles (a Vulcan and a frankenstein creation he build himself) for fun. He's jealous of how my E34 drives but happy with the reliability of his Kia.
Has Garton pitched for us before?
Fuck the Huskies.
Looked like a concussion.
Anyone see what happened with that penalty?
We have two of them.
I'm confused, why isn't there a flag?
NO
One thing went well tonight. The sog seems to have infected my Ducks. Starting QB, RB, TE, and two best WRs all hurt. 

edit: 2nd string QB hurt now, too.
Our backup QBs may suck but our backup RBs are amazing.
Except they were both shit while splitting snaps. It wasn't until they each had the starting role to themselves that they played well.
Costa was good when his knees worked.
You'll beat us regardless.
Could that have been a more obvious hold.
That was embarrassing.
Hopefully.
Sacagawea.
He did.
Return tonight or just in general?
CTE doesn't correlate as much with big concussions as it does with just playing football.
I constantly use Samsung Pay so rooting isn't an option.
Just make sure the bolt is straight in and run the gun slowly at first and it does right in. Never had a problem.
Come on, man, I hardly pay any attention to H5 at this point. I followed it closely until the beta but didn't like the direction they took it so I went back to just playing MCC. 
If they aren't hub centric then it's a fucking pain in the ass and I hate them.
I'm just here for the pineapples.
You got one eventually.
Fuck yes!
Turned the game on at the exact right moment!
The core gameplay is the same, right? Slow kill times and lots of movement ability things?
I spent a few years as a tire tech as well. I figured out if you line up the lug holes you can just set the bolts in place and you can use the gun to start the threads no problem. Never once had one cross-thread. Definitely can't do that with lug nuts, those need to be started by hand.
> a 30 foot tree stump...

So a log?
I played the beta and got it pretty well figured out but still wasn't a fan. Didn't like H4 or Reach, either.
Pack a bowl, cut up a couple lines, and see if he still parties.
Which I've done twice on my E34. I'm not saying it's better for most people, just that once you have a little practice in it becomes easier than studs.
RIP blobs.
Didn't buy Halo 5 because of all the bullshit 343 layered on top. If this playlist sticks around I might have to buy it.
Do you want a headphone jack? I love my Pixel but I'll be going to Samsung or LG for my next phone so I can plug in my headphones.
Fuck, dude, if the wheels are hub-centric I prefer bolts. With a little practice lining up the wheel with the hub it can be faster to install and cross threading happens way less than with lug nuts.
One of the best thing about podcasts are the skippable ads.
I'm in the same boat. I was all in on the Pixel 2 until it started looking like we won't get a headphone jack. Instead of a Pixel 2 I'll be waiting a year and either get a Note 9 or V40. Not ideal, but I'm gonna have a headphone jack on my phone as long as possible.
There's no evidence this was done with Patreon in mind, more so outside links in general.
sup
Last season he worked out like Nelson Cruz, not like a pitcher. I don't expect classic Felix next year, but there's good reason to believe that a smarter off-season approach will lead to a much improved 2018.
Damn near every single change YouTube has made recently has been to the benefit of advertisers and the detriment of creators. With Patreon functioning as it does it will be very easy for creators do ditch YouTube the second once a suitable competitor arrives. YouTube needs to keep advertisers happy to make money but they won't have anything to advertise on if they don't change course.
The E34 530i had a 3 liter V8 and it was sold in the US. I believe it was offered between '92 and '96. At that point their naming scheme signified displacement. A 525i was a 2.5 liter, a 535i was a 3.5 liter, a 540i was a 4 liter, etc. Now they just seem to be throwing on bigger numbers as a marketing ploy.
What exactly did he say?