Webcams can't, they don't have the kind of lens to do that. All of these "HD" streams that look sexy like that use DSLRs as webcam with a proper lens that can get DoF.
Yes they do:

http://www.nationalrail.co.uk/static/documents/content/OfficialNationalRailmapsmall.jpg

I disagree that's it's massively more expensive. If you focus on short term then maybe, but public transport like this has a huge return on investment and considerably boosts the economy.
You're misunderstanding my point. I entirely understand that in your current situation you have no choice and I was not blaming the people for driving, they don't really have any other option. The point I was making is that the city/government could've invested more in public transportation and added a train going from Seattle through a bunch of smaller cities around maybe. In the long term, the return on investment is much better. 
 I don't really think this is really a size problem as people in this thread make it. Yes us as a whole is huge, but in my mind each individual city is more or less the same size, there's just a lot more of it in the US. It's all part of the decisions you make, deciding how much you spend in building public transport. Most American cities just didn't prioritize that, mostly due to the reason you mention. It's just designed differently. 
You figured out i was the sister right from the fact that her eyes were blue?

It was obvious it was a fake body, but it was the fact that 1. it was his sister and 2. the two story lines were connected and temporally out of order that really made for a twist ending.
Really? Because I felt this episode was the closest thing to having a proper story arc we've had so far.

Basically by the end of the the episode, there's the a-ha moment that it was Lenny's body in the desert they found, and they used a part of her DNA to turn David's sister's body into a fake Lenny.
Not only you can change attributes, but you can also [*animate them*](https://gfycat.com/HomelyThisEyra).


Doesn't the transform trick sometimes end up with blurry text in Chrome? I remember having that issue once.
Exactly, go near any landmark in the world and it'll look like this. Obviously if you go next to one of the most memorable landmarks in coachella you'll have a lot of people trying to take pictures.
Nah, there was 49 question, this was the secret final 50th question. "YOU ACTIVATED MY TRAP CARD!!"
Well, I'm not sure how much time it'd actually take. Didn't Musk agree to do this back when Trump was first elected? I can imagine Musk is a pretty busy guy with 3-4 companies, but he still really tried. Eventually I believe he quit though when he realized he had very little impact. So turns out Gates made the right call afterall.
I'll have to check my file, but I actually think the original video I made may have been from 2005 (before XJ2). I was pretty active in XJ community though so there was defnitely some cross pollination going on. Good catch.
> At the end what people should do is that you look at what tools you’re are using, make your assessment list, due diligence and make somewhere on your website/service clear for what you need those data and what you do with.

Again, that's a lot of extra work. Most of these websites are made in our free time and make 0$. The only reason these websites exists is out of the kindness of the developers. But now we're forced to spend hours of our own free time to comply to this ruling from another continent.

There needs to be a way to opt out of GDPR, and basically anyone from EU who uses the site is doing it at their own risk. If they don't want to use it, then don't.

I understand that in the case of Facebook, they were literally taking over the entire web with their login button and pixel tracker. But I don't see why the fuck I as a single dev that gets 0.00001% as much traffic as FB should be punished because of their shitty action.
> If you make your services available to EU residents, you need to comply with EU law.

Do I have a choice of not doing so? Is there an option to opt out of GDPR and anyone who uses my site is doing it at their own risk? 

> Besides that, why are people only now caring about the GDPR?

Because it wasn't enforced before. As I said in my post above, I have no inclination to spend my free time implementing all sorts of regulation just because the EU is angry at Facebook and other big sites. I'll simply take my website down, and as we've seen, many others are doing just that.

You need to realize these are mostly sites made by hobby developers as a fun pass time, and most of which run entirely for free and make 0$. The fact that they are forced to comply to this random law from another continent and could potentially be fined $20m is ridiculous.
Yep, it's entirely random, that's exactly why the graph just happens to show a constant line and then a sudden sharp drop right when vaccines for smallpox was found. Total coincidence...
That's what a roast is... Have you ever seen a comedy roast before? She also roasted plenty of other people.
Oh so the president of the United States saying *actually* racist things (that he probably means) is fine as long as it's behind closed doors. But someone making a *joke* isn't because it's in front of a wider audience. Just because you hide it doesn't make it okay.
I honestly don't understand. In her 20 minute roast she targeted all sorts of people, from CNN to politicians of both sides and so on. Everyone else was laughing and taking the jokes just fine. SHS and Kellyane Conway I think were the only two who just sat there triggered the whole time.

And Trump didn't even show up. I guess he only goes to safe spaces where he's surrounding by people who blindly cheer for him.
Exactly, she roasted the hell out of like 20-30 different people. including politicians, journalists, entire news networks, republicans, democrats, men, women, etc. But for some reason people are focusing on that one part that was barely 1m out of a 20m roast. She even roasted herself with how annoying her voice is. Oh, and historically, every WHCD roast has been just like this, so it's not like it was anything new or different either.
Every years roast is actually just as brutal. It's not really like this is something new. But Republicans are generally pretty bad at taking jokes. Trump has skipped both dinners so far.
I love how everyone seemed to be pissed a that part, but I was surprised that it was just a short minute out of a 20 minutes filled with shots left and right at everyone. I guess mostly because you could see she was the only person really not taking the joke (I guess conway also didn't look very happy there), but just because you don't have a sense of humor doesn't mean no one should be allowed to make jokes about you.
It's almost like the people who call everyone snowflakes are actually the most insecure.
Yeah, I hardly remember the names but I forgot that one. I also remember egypt, water-run and skate_v1 in there. I think I still have my maps folder with thousands of surf maps somewhere on my harddrive.
In hindsights it is, in reality it just looks like wrapped from the plastic refraction.
It's worth noting that both approaches are great.

For me, if you can replicate the taste, texture and smell, it doesn't really matter to me what it's made of. Hell, if you can hook up a machine to my brain that tricks it into thinking it I'm eating steak, I'd be just as happy.

Here's a good recent video on how close they are for lab grown meat:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QO9SS1NS6MM

I think a good comparison would be the cost of DNA sequencing: https://sc.cnbcfm.com/applications/cnbc.com/resources/files/2015/12/08/cost_per_genome_oct2015.jpg

In two decades, we went from 100m to 1k. That's 6 orders of magnitude cheaper.
I like that the episode kept playing with your expectations. First with Tracy throwing a girl down the stairs, then with a confederate frat being the least dangerous place they spent time at all night.
Isn't it the opposite of selling out, at least publicly?

The way I understand it is they pretend to be part of your group (from the ground up independent artists working hard to break out) where in really, they are actually specifically planted by the industry to pretend to be like that.

And if they do their job well, for all intents and purposes no one will know they are a sell out.
Yeah, I think in the universe of the show, we have to actually believe he's put out quality content, and we only get to experience that content through other people's description of it.

It's silly to expect them to have to write actual Grammy-tier music just to make a character believable, so the next best thing they can do is just not show any music (Except the one song).
Two golden rules:

1. Always password (and dual factor) your devices

2. Always backup your data
Downloading Steam on dial up (which was 300mb cuz it had half life bundled in it) was definitely shitty, but I personally think it was a good move. Before that, I remember having to manually download and apply patches every time the game updated.

People these days take it for granted how their games are always up to date.
1.6 (the steam version)
Isn't Material 2 also right around the corner (with I/O)

https://9to5google.com/2018/04/26/what-is-material-design-2-examples-launch-io/

I'd probably wait to see what that is about and how it changes things...
It works, just not on embedded. You have to open it in a separate tab.
The fact that this video, which is a perfect response to that comment, was made back in 2016, is what makes it even more amazing. Unless the final fantasy comment was a plant.
And to be clear, it's much more about the number of filters used than if the filter even fits there or not. I find that people who are new to video editing tend to enjoy adding filters so much that they cram every single second of the video with filters. Same thing also happens with photo editing. Just because you *can* move a slider doesn't mean you *should*.
Reminds me of my very first [Counter-Strike Surf](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XINEMFgFL0s) video I made in vegas. I just went through the filter list in order basically.
Why are the two options going full open-source or not at all? Why can't there be good middle ground? When there's great FOSS software I want to support, I'll use it. OBS, VLC, Android, Chromium, etc. But in other cases, like Maps, Translate or Drive, there's nothing wrong with using closed source client.

I disagree that it has to be all or nothing. It's like people who think you can only be vegan or not vegan. I just eat as healthy as I can and reduce the amount of red meat I consume, but will still have it once in a while. The whole all or nothing mentality only scares people away and isn't positive.
And the American court back then also acquitted the killers of that kid.

I entirely agree with that the current court system is fucked and stupid. I'm just saying that as someone living in a country that took decades to fix very similar problems, you should understand that these changes take a long time to take place. Some countries may pull it off sooner than others, depending on their economic situation.

Iran is currently so screwed due to sanctions that the people hardly have time to take care of their own life, let alone try to bring change. And again, the currently economical situation of Iran is in large part due to America's actions, so its your direct fault if the current court system is so screwed up.


Refer to #1 in the post that you clearly didn't even read because you once again deflected entirely by changing subject. And for reference, the one you linked wasn't "today" either, it was 2 decades ago.
Yeah you don't hang teenagers for raping, you lynch kids for whistling instead.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emmett_Till
Not at all, you can deflect all you want but

1. Not all countries develop at the same speed. Governments evolve fairly slowly, you can't except every single other country to instantly have the exact same standards when your own country only started doing the right thing only a few years ago.

2. Let's not forget that the entire reason the Iranian government is such fucked right now is in huge part [America's fault](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1953_Iranian_coup_d%27%C3%A9tat). The US quite literally fucked over Iran for their oil. If it wasn't for that, we were easy on the path as being as advanced as any other 1st world country.

2. In your mind, one person in your military dying is abhorrent, but thousands of innocent civilians dying is not an issue. Just because it's disconnected from your daily life you can easily ignore it, but these people are someone's wife, children or sibling. Imagine if a single kid in the US died from Russian drones. Now imagine that happening every week.

So yes, you can shit all over Iran for not letting woman attend soccer matches, when your own women weren't allowed to vote a few decades ago, but again, it's called being a hypocrite.
"BLA BLA BLA BLA I DON'T WANNA LISTEN TO ANY CRITICISM ABOUT MY COUNTRY I ONLY WANT TO SHIT ON OTHERS. THINKING RATIONALLY IS TOO HARD"

What a hypocrite...
Because watching men give each other concussion is so much more entertaining.
Again, you're talking about the government. Iran has a huge number of well educated and intelligent people who are against the theocracy.

The american government also bombs the fuck out of other countries and has killed plenty of civilians.

America also has its fair share of gay conversion camps and problems with gay people, so it's a bit hypocritical to criticize other countries. Oh, and let's not forget your history with african americans that's not that far away... Please don't take the moral high ground when less than 1-2 generation ago you literally had slaves.
I don't know what kind of witchcraft you used, but I read that in a high pitch followed by low pitch voice.
Corporation United?
It's definitely not like any other country (though many other countries are much worse), but it's definitely like Handsmaid Tale. Not sure if you've seen that show, but those handmaids are quite literally slaves and cannot do ANYTHING on their own. That's very different from not being allowed at a specific sports event.
If that's the best you could find of these two showing a display of affection, then that's actually pretty sad...

EDIT: After looking hard for some time, I found [this one](https://static.politico.com/dims4/default/24bf2d6/2147483647/resize/1160x%3E/quality/90/?url=https://static.politico.com/27/02/f2a125f64cb0a0020ec7c041b82d/170203-trump-melania-gty-1160.jpg) but honestly I think she's looking at something behind Trump?

[This one is pretty good](http://www.slate.com/content/dam/slate/uploads/2016/05/06/522829190-republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-sits.jpg.CROP.promovar-mediumlarge.jpg) and honestly I think it's the first time I've actually seen either of them laughing...
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2017_United_States%E2%80%93Saudi_Arabia_arms_deal
Asian memes. They have em too, but theirs can seem weird to us.

Like the one karma is a bitch one from a while back

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2SktezqmakE
Exactly, the kind of attack you get from this is pretty weak and unimpressive. Though, considering how easy of a fix it is I think i's a fairly worthwhile fix to put in. 99.999% of the people would never even see this since it never happens that the name of a recipient has the form of an email address different from the real address.
Yeah, surface book and these more modern laptops are premium for they thin slick looks and light portable body. Carrying a big ass thick gaming laptop is not fun.
To be fair in OPs video, that doesn't really count as meeting her...
Maybe. It's hard to tell which diseases are caused by your body aging and which are inevitable. General accidents will definitely not end (though things like self driving cars may reduce it).

People will definitely die, but they will live much longer. On the other hand, technology and the world is moving faster, requiring more frequent change in perspective. These two things will definitely clash more and more often.

We already have issue regulating technology and the internet, I can't imagine how much worse it'll get.
In every one of these threads, people start listing them one by one. I'm just saying, there are so many that there's no point listing individual ones anymore.
And literally hundreds of other websites.
I see, the company only has to export it, and then it's the job of other sites to write some sort of importing tool that parses the data. Makes more sense.

The phrasing of "transfer data to another site" makes it sounds it's up to the site itself to transfer their data to every other site. Whereas really, it's more like "allow exporting of data" and then other sites can implement the importing if they want to.
When you first join whatsapp, don't you have the control of never sharing that in the first place?
\#3 is the strangest to me. How much do they need to do towards that? Do they only need to have a normal data dump, or do they actually need to make it importable into competitors?

I don't see why it's Facebook's job to make it possible to move all your posts and likes to Google+.
Now the real question is, will we be just like them once we grow older? :)
No? Not at all. My point was more about perspective and freshness of ideas. You could be a perfectly well-meaning person, but some things are hard to wrap your mind around unless you've been born and raised surrounded by it. Technology and the internet is a perfect example of that. It's ridiculous to have old people who have never used to internet trying to come up with regulation and laws for it, with almost no understanding of how it works. It has nothing to do with bigotry.
I completely agree that there's a lot to learn from them, but I think it should be just that, a source of information. I still stand by the fact that power should move from generation to generation if we want the world to keep going forward. That's not saying we should kill old people and not listen to any of them, nor does it mean they are all bad, but the process of generational change brings fresh and new perspective that I don't think is truly possible if we stayed at the same generation. To truly grasp some concepts, you need to have been born and raised surrounded by them.
Well that's easy to say, but in reality, everyone knows that people in power never want to give it up. The one thing that brought change in the past was death. That's the one limit no one could escape.

Yes, some countries may be able to enforce such a law, but I'm afraid many others will get much worse. Look at the new prince of UAE bringing change. Look at Kim Jung Un finally accepting to talk. These changes would definitely not have happened with their predecessors. 
You should look up the science. We aren't as far as you think.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MjdpR-TY6QU

I also never claimed it'd be in my lifetime, but it still is a scary prospect for humanity as a whole (in that case I'd be dead I guess so no reason for me to be scared).


There's a newer video apparently about her meeting only his dad. It's pretty long and I didn't listen to the whole of it but it seemed much more positive.

https://youtu.be/Zc0hk0umDdo

He went to get coffee with them without telling the mom. 
It also seems like her parents were quite a deal too.

Honestly in cases like this, if my parents were this ignorant, as much as I love them I would say goodbye and go live my own separate life. 
Honestly this is why I'm extremely scared of the day we cure aging. I totally respect previous generations, but the world would quickly stop moving forward if new generations didn't take over. Starting with a fresh mind in the new world really helps you get a much better perspective over what the world has become. 
Exactly. And honestly, this is pretty much true for most societies that lack diversity. People who grow up their entire life without ever meeting someone of another race will most of the time be extremely xenophobic.

Its sad, but honestly the best way to solve racism is make sure people grow up in a diverse environment where they can see other people are just that, people like them. 
I think there's a big difference between supporting a podcast you enjoy, and a podcast that's pay walled. I'm just curious because I've never seen the latter. Logic tells me that such a podcast would have a really hard time gaining popularity. 
I'm not sure what you're trying to say. Like I said, this is literally from this week. How will they go from releasing this to making a whole app in 2 weeks?
WearOS support is literally the only thing I wish pocketcasts had. Everything else about that app is perfect.
This was recently "released", i/o is in 2 weeks.
There's podcasts that you pay for?
Same thing can be said about weinstein though. People knew for years but nothing ever happened. No one is saying it was entirely thanks for him, but he was the one who made it hit critical mass. It was probably by pure luck, the video getting popular and a lot of people seeing it, but that video marked a big shift and made people actually go after Cosby.
The perfect example of this for me are Coal miners. Trump literally spent so much of his time defending them, when there are something like 50k of them total. That's like 0.01% of Americans.
The whole point is that candidates would have to actually pander to what the majority of people want, instead of some niche sub-demographic that will get the to win a swing state.

Do you really think that Trump would've ever given a single shit about 50,000 coal miners and spent so much of his time on them if he was going for the popular vote? There's more god damn people working at hooters than there are coal miners.

I think candidates would have to focus on much more important issues if we used popular vote.
Wikipedia is a good authoritative source if people look at the sources and don't take what's written as given, which few do. There are some good ones out there such as snopes, but it's true that if someone wants to believe a lie, they will believe it no matter what they read.
If the person can't see emojis, then they won't be able to see that, hence the picture.
I fully agree it's apathy, and I'm talking about ways to motivate people to go out and vote. I know I used the word remember, but it's more about getting people motivated to all go out the same day and vote. When everyone around you is doing it on the same day, dedicated to going out and vote, you're more likely to go do it too. It's basic group think. If your goal is to increase turnout, you need to make use of psychological tricks like that to get more people to come out.
I guess the word remember wasn't really the right one to use. It's getting people motivated to go vote. You make it sound like less people voting is a good thing, whereas I'm working with the assumption that higher turn out is better.
re: bank notes

There's a reason why you never put living people on bank notes. If that rugby player on the front of the Fiji note decides to pull a Bill Cosby, you're royally screwed with the millions of notes circulating.
Re: not notifying Wikipedia. Yes it's a bit shitty, but it's worth noting that Google already links to wikipedia in many other places. The whole knowledge graph in search links to wikipedia for almost every single panel. I'm not entirely sold that this will increase traffic 10 fold as Grey assumes, depending on how they decide to implement it. My guess is that it would only show on controversial topics.

My guess is that they just re-used whatever infrastructure already existed in Google Search, and assumed it would be ok since it's just an extension of that. I do agree that a warning would've been nice.
I'm pretty sure that's how it'll be too. Or rather, anything that is a controversial topic where there's video about on boths sides, videos from both sides will have a wikipedia link. Obviously, spamming a video about penguins with a wikipedia link to penguin isn't very useful.
There's a big difference between remember to vote sooner and going to vote on a day which is specifically a voting holiday and when many other people around you is going to vote.
Update on the Count Dankulla story, since I guess this was recorded a day or two before the decision:

He did not get any jail time, but he was filled 800£ (+the 2 years of his life being wasted). He said he would appeal and setup a [gofundme](https://www.gofundme.com/fund-the-count-dankula-appeal) to help pay his legal fees. I think this is an extremely important case, not because of the money but because it sets a precedent.
True, though it's definitely much better to have it built in than have an app literally monitor your notifications to track when Now Playing detects a new song...
What are those few tweaks?

They announced last year that they will merge Google Play Music and Youtube Red.

https://www.theverge.com/2017/7/26/16048084/youtube-red-google-play-music-merging

I'm not sure if "killing" is the right word. Sounds more like a rebranding / merging.
Exactly. In the US, you take out your iPhone and everyone thinks it's a gun. In Canada you take out a real gun and most people will think it's your phone.
Yes but there is still an infinite number of them. That's what is impressive with infinity, those people will try an infinite number of things, and if some set of actions is possible, then it will happen. I do agree that it isn't as clean as the stochastic typing setup, but I'm still warry anytime infinity is used since we are inherently bad at wrapping out head around it. 
It definitely makes no sense to compare Google, that has only started making and selling it's own hardware for less than 2 years, to a company that has been selling smartphones for 15 years and hardware in general for even longer. Just because Google is a "big" company doesn't mean it can do as well in an entirely different field as another big company, in such as short amount of time.

4 million sales is a lot if you compare it to any other company that has been around for 1-2 years.
Low compared to what? 4 millions is "low"?

They're company a company that started making and selling hardware 2 years ago, to a company that has been selling smartphones for 15 years and hardware in general for even longer.

We'd like to think that Google being so big can easily produce and distribute billions of phones all across the globe in a year, but the reality is that these channels take a lot of time to properly setup.
The compose button is so huge even on compact, it really stands out. I agree it's a bit too padded for my taste. Especially the tabs.
I agree, it helped me shift my view of emails from read/unread to done/undone. That allows you to completely clean up your "inbox", or learn things there that you want to get to later. I prefer that differentiation much more personally.
While I want to agree, infinity is often thrown around lightly, and I'm not sure if your point quite works here. It could be similar to the [infinite monkey theorem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_monkey_theorem).
Jokes aside, I'm curious what actual function best describes the sum of two people's IQs. The lower bound would be max() if the knowledge of the first person is a strict subset of the second, but in reality that might not be quite the case. Maybe logarithmic with a high base?
I'm sorry, but this is completely wrong. The fly episode was a bottle episode, which are meant to save money. You can hear Vince saying in interviews how they were way way over budget and needed that episode to balance things out.

This episode on the other hand had so many different scenes and actors involved, it was the exact opposite of a bottle episode. The budget for this episode was as high if not higher than the average Legion episode. So that comparison to the Fly episode makes little sense.
I'm also curious if there's a significance. The obvious one has to do with time being backward. In Syd's mind in particular time was like a loop. Notice how old Syd gets born again into young syd. Almost like Arrival or something. Might tie in with the future syd time travel stuff.

And without the advertisers there is no money. Your point?

They are both as important, and people tend to forget that. The only reason people are even able to upload and host and unlimited number of videos online and share it with all their friends for free is because of advertisers.
At some point I honestly thought the dragon was a metaphor for autonomous cars.
The contrast on the url bar is also way too low. It's all white.
To be fair, you're comparing content that is literally paying money to Youtube and Creators, vs content that is using up resources and server load. Obviously those two won't be treated the same.
As an update, turns out it had nothing to do with islam and he was just an angry white guy.
Thanks for deciding for me how I feel, but I was indeed backing up what he said and laughing at Americans for how silly they are. Sorry if my words offended you bud.
As a Canadian in my mid twenties who has lives in Canada, I've never seen a single gun other than on a cop, and I've also never seen a gun being fired IRL.

I feel like americans just live in their own bubble were owning and shooting guns is as normal as riding a bike, and assume it's the only way to live. I've lived perfectly fine for nearly 3 decades without interacting with a single gun.

Edit: looks like I've offended a lot of Americans. Sorry for hurting your emotions, please don't shoot me. 
is 16kb really that heavy?
All three seem to repeat the same accounting from one witness, that says he "looked" middle eastern. That's far far from confirmed.

A source would be the police chief reporting his nationality, not what someone from far away think he looked like.
Again... Source?
Some cops just shoot 20 bullets without even a warning...
Yes, but that's why it's recommended to first upload as unlisted, wait for the reviews, and then publish, which is also exactly what they did. Notice how the tweet was from 3 days ago but the video came out yesterday?

So it's a compromise, either your video is extremely time critical and you need to release it right now, but risk losing some ad revenue. Or you give Youtube the time to properly vet the video and guarantee a more accurate review. It's the best possible balance of respecting the creator and the advertisers, while working at 400 hours of content per minute scale.

My issue isn't with the experience. My problem is with what those anecdotal stories imply, which is that manual review is a lie and it's actually automated. And often, it goes far more than implying, many creators openly make that claim.

Sure, you can give your personal experience that it was very fast, but you cannot extrapolate that experience into a claim like that without proper evidence.
Firefox style tabs, low contrast, super bright, bad shadows. This looks pretty bad so far.
Yep, which is exactly what they did (the video came out today, the tweet was from yesterday). It does suck to have to delay your video, but at the same time, advertisers are the ones paying, and they want to make sure of the quality of the video, so I think it's a fair compromise.
1. The channel wasn't demonetized, this specific video was

2. It was a mishit from the automatic algorithm, but you can apply for manual review when this happens. Seeing that the video is monetized just fine now, I'm guessing the manual review fixed it.

3. When you get over 400 hours of video per minute, you have no other option than to use automated algorithms for the initial classification

4. If you were able to come up with a better solution, Youtube would be paying you a 7 digit salary right now.

5. Jake and Logan Paul probably get demonetized regularly too.
Yes, there's a manual review. And seeing how the video is monetized now, chances are the manual review fixed the problem. They were just complaining prematurely because the automatic review failed.
Youtube literally gets 400 hours worth of videos per minute. That's over 5000 videos every single minute. Obviously they have to use automated algorithms to classify them, and yes, occasionally they will make a mistake. It's easy to bitch and complain, but no one out there can come close to competing. If you were able to "open your eyes" and make something better, you'd be paid 7 digit salary right now.

And either way, once you're misclassified, you simply send your video for manual review. Seeing that this video is monetized just fine, it seems like the manual review solved thier problem.
It was most likely the automatic review being tripped up by the fact that this is a video about bombs. Obviously in the context of blackholes it's different, but the algorithm hasn't been trained on those yet. But that's why manual review exists, you can submit for a manual review and that's probably what they did because the video is monetized just fine now.
You can send the video for manual review after it fails the automatic one, to solve false positives. The video is monetized right now, which probably means it was approved by the manual review... 

Yes, falling in that 0.1% false positive sucks, but you just have to wait a few more hours and the manual review usually solves it.
This video is monetized just fine though. My guess is that the automatic review failed, because let's be honest, "bomb" in the context of blackholes is am edgecase which the deepnet probably had rarely seen before. But that's exactly why the manual review exists, and I'm sure the manual reviewers accepted the video, hence why it's monetized now.
The question is, is that tweet complaining about the automatic review failing the the manual review? Bomb being used in the context of blackhole is an extreme edge case, so it's not a surprised the bot would fail, but that's why manual review exists. Seeing the video is now monetized, I'm guessing the manual review passed just fine.
How is it "mindless" for an algorithm to fail on an extreme edge case (bomb used in the context of blackhole). The video is now monetized, which means the manual review probably fixed the issue. This is exactly why manual review exists, for edge cases where automatic review fails.
They never specified if it was blocked by the automatic or the manual review. I tried asking them on Twitter and other places but they either haven't seen all the people asking or they are intentionally ignoring the question.

Automatic reviews do fail from time to time, especially for something like this which is an edge case (bomb in this context is used VERY rarely). This is exactly why manual reviews exist, and seeing how this video is monetized, my guess is that the manual review passed just fine.
My guess is that they upload it early as unlisted, specifically to see if it will be monetized. Generally there's an early automatic review, and you can apply it for manual too.

The tweet never specified if it was the automatic that failed or the manual. The automatic will fail sometimes, especially since they have "bomb" in the title, but that's why manual review exists... So complaining that the automatic review failed is stupid.
I've tried asking them on Twitter and other place if this was the automatic or the manual review. Automatic review sometimes makes mistakes, but you can then submit for manual review. That's the whole reason manual review exists. Saying that it was misclassified in the automatic one doesn't mean anything. This is just spreading senseless hate. Obviously automatic classifiers sometimes fail, but when you get 400h+ of content every single minute, you have no other choice.
The article doesn't even bother linking to either the 5 hour transcript or the 1 hour video. No idea how an article with so little substance about a week old transcript even gets to the top of reddit. And then people wonder why no one actually reads the articles.
Wouldn't a single graph with 10 separates lines be much better? Like these:

https://redd.it/8ahy05

https://i.redd.it/ntc5ygfjrgo01.png
Not sure what you meant by "like this", but interestingly enough, it's been shown that when you have this much money, you get far more happiness spending it on other people than on yourself. If he had bought himself something like that, he would've probably felt good for a minute and then never looked at it again. But buying it for someone else will bring him much more satisfaction.

https://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=88682320

http://science.sciencemag.org/content/319/5870/1687
Even Instagram models have to put #ad on their posts. This has nothing to do with entertainment or news.
Coal may be dying, but petroleum and natural gas still account for 70% while renewable is at 10%. I'm not sure why the article focuses on coal. 
That's the key point. Yes, it's smart investment because eventually in the long term it'll be cheaper and they are betting on the future, but thousands of other companies out there aren't. It's easy to twist every "good" action a company takes into something selfish. But then why isn't everyone else doing it?

I'd much rather have a company that aligns itself with goals that benefit society as a whole, than the million others that only focus on their own short term benefits. 
Exactly. There are millions of things a company could focus on. When Google decides to work on something like balloons that bring internet to crisis areas, yes you can probably spin that a way that shows they will make money from it some day, but they could've out that effort in millions of other less altruistic projects.

People also need to realize that no matter how good your intentions are, you still need to make money to continue doing good. Take a hypothetical company that has 100% good intentions. If their projects don't have a positive return, they will quickly stop existing.

So making money isn't inherently bad. 
I don't know why you changed your mind. Google uses as much energy as the city of San Francisco. Sure it's not a country but it's a pretty large city. 
I'm not sure what you mean? I never claimed that Brady was lying and that people aren't saying it did happen to them. I'm just saying that a few people claiming they experienced this, is by definition, anecdotal evidence, which is it.

Saying that the response was quicker than length of the video implies that the "manual check" is automated. I first said that to prove such a bold claim, you need far more evidence. I also gave a possible reason why such a fast response could be possible from a manual review. Neither of which you responded to.

And again, one person (Brady) talking at lengths about this doesn't really "prove" anything.
That still doesn't make it not anecdotal. We don't know from a few stories we hear here and there how prevalent of a problem this is. It could be happening every other time, or it could be happening 0.1% of the time. That's what anecdotal means. It's just one data point.
1. Those are mostly anecdotal and I haven't seen any solid proof of it

2. It's possible that the algorithm shows the manual reviewer the exact section of the video that's problematic, and the human reviewer only has to check that section only.
Oh definitely. It's all very bad for your body and I don't think the whole culture of "I'll do an extreme stream if I hit this goal" is a good trend. 
It seems like it's not released yet. I too would like to see the final product before judging. Also, is this after the automatic or manual check. The whole point of uploading as unlisted is exactly to catch mistakes like this and then send for manual review. If it was also rejected on manual then I'd be worried. 
Right, but my guess is that they take into consideration the game. For example if it's a 3 hour long game and there's a lot of people trying to refund it after 3 hour of gameplay, that may be cheating. But if it's a game like no man's sky, especially a 60$ game, then 3 hour of gameplay isn't really much. 
I don't think the point was the 24h but rather the finale he had prepared and the production value of it.

Streamers have done much longer, even higher than 48. Apparently the record is above 100
That sounds like a bitch of a bug to catch. Was it reported for previous 3.x and fixed? 
You could in the old one, but like said before, that process was very painful. It was a good tool for editing clips but not multiple videos.
Yeah, this is more of a "regex cheatsheet" than a "python cheat sheet" honestly. It hardly has anything python specific. Honestly the main thing I usually have to look up is FLAGS and how to use them in Python, yet this "python" cheatsheet doesn't have that at all.
AFAIK, compiling doesn't do much at all performance-wise. Internally the library already caches the compiled regex so if you actually do a perf test, they'll both be just as fast.

The only time I use `re.compile` is for clarity, when I want to give a regex a proper name, and pass it around, especially now that we have typing annotation. Regex type is clearer than just string. 
It makes me sad that we literally need videos like that to explain to people that homeopathy, which is basically literally water, does not do shit.  What a sad state of affairs.
That's more of a video editor than a movie editor. Movie editing implies merging multiple videos into one, and that can get a lot trickier UI wise.
I agree, but honestly I don't even think there's a point to comparing the two, they are both fantastic people in their own way.
Then a microwave at 2GHZ or 3GHZ would work just as well? Then why don't microwaves change so that they don't interfere with other electronics?
Microwave frequency is synced with water molecules, what was the reasoning for wifi using a frequency that would interfere with that. 
> you focus on only mainstream pop music

Yes, because those are the videos that get the majority of the views.

> basic common sense.

Nice, I provide concrete data to back up my point and the best you can do is "common sense".

> continues to use the audio codec it is currently using and has been using for years

Youtube uses 192kbps AAC on HD videos. Spotify non-premium is 96kbps on normal and 160kbps on high.

> youtube only pays what monetization earns, it does not pay royalties!

Once again, you're not comparing apples to apples, and you're playing with semantics. Youtube's music is similar to Spotify's ad-supported free-tier.

Not sure why it matters what it's called. What matters is that all the music that is on spotify is also on Youtube, and that Youtube has to pay at least as much as Spotify's free tier to convince artists to stay there.

Yep, they had to cripple search. Same thing with Android, everything they do there can be seen as antitrust.
It's a half joke, but it's about how Google gets sued left and right whenever they make a product "too good". The shopping results is one, image search is another, there's also Android too. Basically whenever they try "integrating" their products, they get sued for antitrust, which basically means using your monopoly in one product to advance another product.
This is the least Machinedrum song I've heard. I like it, but sounds very different. I guess I respect him exploring new stuff.
> So, like 90%+ of music on youtube?

Doesn't matter what % it is. What matters is that almost all music you can find on other services is on Youtube too. You say you disagree, and I ask you to find me mainstream music on Spotify and Apple Music that isn't on Youtube. 

> They are the minority of music channels

I entirely disagree with that, there are VEVO and Topic channels for every single mainstream artist out there, but even if they were still a minority, again, that's not the point. In terms of actual views/listens, they are by far the biggest chunk of Youtube. In the [top 100 most viewed youtube videos of all time](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_most-viewed_YouTube_videos), only 6 out of 100 are not music videos...

> Then they shouldnt be using youtube for it.

Says who, as shown above a lot of people use Youtube as a music service, and Youtube is perfectly fine with being a music service too.

> Youtube pays only what the monetization provides.

Yes, hence why it has to play enough ads on them so it can pay the royalties, which was the initial point. If artists made significantly less money on Youtube, they would just pull down all their songs, which remember, accounts for 94 of Youtube's top 100 most viewed videos. It's literally the biggest chunk of their traffic.
The whole point of this promotion is to get people to connect their credit card/Amazon account to twitch. Sure you can make a new account but they most likely limit at the card level so you won't be able to do it indefinitely.
Sure, in that sense, it may have had an impact. But realistically, it was probably something negligible and extremely small. When you're a multi billion dollar company with thousands of employee, 1-2 people designing a new award is not gonna have any real impact, and these people were getting paid a salary because I don't think Google is gonna fire their designers as soon as they're done designing something.
it me.
Are implying that the 1 designer making some trophies is gonna bankrupt Youtube. There's literally hundreds if not thousands of people working there. That one person drawing a couple sketches and having it build by another company isn't gonna suddenly use up all of Youtube money. 
I'm not sure what your point is? Youtube hires designers, and designers have to do work. Most of the problems with youtube are coding related. Youtube recently had a huge look revamp, and now the designers need new projects. Probably 1 or 2 went and did this. It didn't take anything away from programming. I don't see how this impacts coders working on site issues. 
Just put one of those portable ones. Better than nothing. 
Man people in this subreddit can be really stupid sometimes. Because obviously the person who designs a fucking award is clearly the same person who writes backend code, right?

Do you people ever think or is the tinfoil hat so deep in your brains that it blocks all brains activities? Can you not for one second enjoy the cool things and stop whining every damn minute. 
You're talking about the very specific case of someone uploading someone else's music. On YouTube there's plenty of official music channels, including all the vevo ones. You can find almost any song on there, they have a pretty complete catalog. Yes, if it's not uploaded by the artist or label themselves, it will be taken down, or depending on the label choice, the ad money gets redirected to the actual author (not demonetized).

But those artists put their music on their under the conditions that people can't listen to them unlimited for free. That would cannibalize all their profits from other platforms. YouTube has to pay at least as much per listen as free tier in Spotify and Apple music, or else musicians wont put their music there. 
Basically, [Game Night](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2704998/)
It's a simpler and cleaner version, but that also means it's far less powerful. That's generally always the balance when it comes to any interface. You either add more feature and make a cluttered and distracting UI, or you keep it simple but let go of niche power user features that some people rely on.

So instead of deciding, they just made an entirely different app. If you want all your complex features and options, keep using Gmail. If you want a simpler and clean UI to quickly go through emails, use Inbox. I personally use a mix of both, which is possible since they both use the same backend/data so you can go back and forth.
Well the current Youtube Music already has a dark mode, which is something GPM never ended up adding, so I'm already sold on it if they keep that

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.youtube.music
Maybe there's something specific to the languages they chose that the directors were going for? Maybe specific words or sentences.
Yeah, creator of steam.tools here. Most of my webapps fetch your profile, and if your profile is private, it asks you to make it public. So yeah, the only difference will be that the users will have to manually change it before using my tool again.

Sites like SteamSpy rely on gathering a lot of data from everyone's profile, whereas sites like mine just care about individual profiles, with their permission.
Let alone the fact that the whole time he seems so scared of him. Keeping her distance and in general being very distant emotionally too.
Hmm, the movement didn't really look like that though. It was very shaky. I used to have a friend that could do that with his eyes. It's similar to being able to move your ears or U your tongue. It's just something some people can do
I'm pretty sure he was Persian. He had a couple French and German lines too but the majority of his lines, as well as his accent, were persian.
As someone who speaks Farsi, French and English, that was a pretty trippy scene. There's just one or two I didn't get, I think it was German maybe?
That's definitely the message I got too.
That scene really made it sound like David is the one who's gonna destroy the world, so Syd needs farouk to defeat future david.
Yep, same with youtube. It's used to improve responses / suggestions.
Exactly. Monetization is more like a privilege that is given, not something people should chase and base their entire life around. Make videos asa hobby, focus on having fun and building a community, and some day you maybe you will become a partner, but if not its fine you had fun doing it.

If you're in it only for the money, you're up for a really bad time.
> Software can be updated and modified and usually is.

What? Realistically phones hardly get substantial updates, and when they do it's generally not much of an improvement. You're never gonna magically go from a Galaxy software to a pixel software.
Obviously, in a perfect world, a perfect device would be nice. But right now, we don't have that unfortunately. Different phones have different flaws. Some have amazing hardware and underwhelming software (galaxy), others have amazing software and underwhelming hardware (pixel).
To be fair that website is quite outdated. 
That literally happens on every platform though. Likes and follows on Twitter, hearts and follows on Instagram, etc. Anything that gets you to take a look at their profile can and will be boted
Yeah the majority of electron apps I have use 100-200mb. In today's world where average ram is around 4gb, you can easily have 5-10 different apps open. And realistically if you have more than 3 apps you're most likely a programmer or media editor in which case you'd have more than 4gb.
I too was wondering why Ansel Elgort is driving a pallet jack. 
Right, but I'm not sure if that's true for various frameworks. Let's say Chrome for example. It uses your GPU to accelerate CSS and rendering. I could see how some of the operations there are very low level and could hit some GL overhead.
> when being sophomoric online

I wasn't? You made a statement that made it look like you didn't understand statistical analysis, and then asked how it worked, to which I replied. If you do indeed understand it and my assumption was wrong, feel free to correct me.

> Unless you have a PhD in statistics, you really should not, in my face.

I have a Master's, but if you do indeed have a higher education in numerical science than me, I'd love to know.

> You shouldn't trust "journalists"

Nate Silver is a statistician.

> Most of these journalists don't take any hardcore courses these days in school, just like most of other liberal arts major students. You should not take their words as Gospel. They are stupid.

Most don't, but many of the people at 538 do. Maybe you should research a publication before spouting nonsense on the internet. Also, most journalist don't focus on election modeling and statistical analysis like 538 does, so you're point in trying to dirty all journalists is petty and irrelevant here.

> I don't think it is a close election at all.

Do you have any data to back that up? Most numbers show that:

1. Trump lost popular vote

2. Electoral result can be flipped by changing less than 100k votes in 3 states

3. With 126M turnout, that's less than 0.1% of the votes

By most definitions, that's close. If you have differing data, I'd love to see it.

> Sure the intricate models dazzle laypeople like you.

How ironic that you act sophomoric online right after warning me to not be.
SqShy
The core Android and various framework use GPU for accelerating certain tasks. I wonder if they can improve performance by using Vulkan for said accelerations.
I mean the fact that he even mentioned DACA really means that he does not understand anything at all. Those people coming have absolutely nothing to do with DACA (which is only for kids that were brought over by their parents before 2007). You could tell he just parroted that line from Fox news and has no fucking clue what it means.
I don't think most people realize how bad it is.

If you look at his tweets and talking points, you can trace almost every single one to something that was said recently on Fox News, and often foxandfriends. This is far more apparently for the crazier things he says, but when you dig deeper, you can find much much more.

The guy has almost no original thoughts of his own, and it's honestly very scary how easy it is to plant new ideas in his head.
I remember hearing that in the extreme case that something happens to both Trump and Pence, Paul Ryan would be the next in the line of succession.
The ones that are purely in it for the money would probably stop, and some may not be able to produce as many videos, but again, there were plenty of creators before the Partner Program.

The point is that this isn't a one sided relationship. Yes, the creators provide videos, but Youtube also allows thousands of people out there to actually make a living doing that, something that was not possible a decade ago.

And while there may be other sites where you can "post videos for free", there's not a single one that actually allows someone to reach a large audience and to make a living producing videos. Twitch comes closest but that's for live content; offline content still does poorly. And good fucking luck making money or getting popular on Vimeo, Dailyvideos or some other site.

People assume that just because they made a fucking, they are entitled to Youtube throwing money at them, and completely ignore all the effort, time and money that goes into creating such a platform in the first place.
It would. Don't let this long fancy write up confuse you. The whole of it can be summarized by

> Netflix doesn’t do any email address verification when you sign up; you can start watching shows straight away.

This is entirely a netflix bug, and has very little to do with Gmail. As a service, you should never assume an email you received is real until you verify it. If you want to let the user watch without verifying, that's fine, but don't ever send sensitive data to said email until it's actually verified. That's webdev 101.

And if you think of it, the credit card was about to be stolen by netflix, not gmail.
It's also a waste of bandwidth and battery for the user too if they just watch a few seconds and leave.
The amount of tinfoil logic in these threads is truly something else.
Hey look, finally someone who understands that building a successful Youtube community is about more than just becoming a partner. People don't realize that many of the channels that are huge today started long before Youtube even had a partner program. They uploaded video purely for sharing their ideas with the world and building a community. There was no money involved at all. Nowadays, little 1000 subscriber channel refuses to make videos anymore because it's not being paid its 2$ ad revenue.
Youtube is working their ass off to balance three entire different groups (users, creators and advertisers). 

Yes, we would all love to live in a utopia where everyone makes money and all content is perfectly monetized, but we're not. If you're able to pay the millions required to code such a complex website and also foot all the millions in server cost, then feel free to have your own "perfect" rules. until then, be greatful that you can host and share videos with everyone across the world for free with the press of a button. People often take that for granted.
Where did they make false premises and lie about anything? Situations change and get updated. Changing the requirements is neither lying or making false promises. And the concept of queues getting long and adding delays is also a fairly common one.
It's honestly ridiculous the amount of tinfoil bullshit that is said in this subreddit sometimes. You have this platform that can host all your videos and play them for free, and apparently they are the ones "abusing you". Jesus christ people. Remember, early on, Youtube didn't even have a partner program. Posting videos online isn't all about money, some people just like the ability to share content.

Youtube has no fucking obligation to pay you. They are the one footing the cost of the servers and engineering hour required to build all this. If you don't like it, pay for your own servers and build your own website.
How is that different plfrom losing your headphones. Yes the fact that there's 2 pieces increase the chance, though realistically I just have both of them connected most of the time.
I got Sennheiser HD4.40 for 100$. They work perfectly, they're very comfortable, last a whole week for me (around 30 hours), and they pair very easily (even have nfc for first time pair).

As someone who used to be a wired user, being able to move around, leave your phone on the table or anywhere and freely walk around the house is amazing. Before I'd do chores like wash dishes or vacuum and I had to watch for the wire all the time. Now I just turn on my headphones and press play and I don't even need to know where the phone even is.
Actually, the very first Chuck Norris jokes were meant to be ironic. They were actually making fun of him, because of how much of a shitty person he was (and still is).

Sadly, as with most things on the internet, after a few iteration, the sarcasm eventually gets lost of people and people take it seriously.
I remember seeing a proof that bounded that distance by a constant (I think as low as a 2 digit number even), but not yet been proven for 2.
Yeah. I get that both home and mobile internet prices are shit in Canada, but it makes very little sense comparing the two... Even in the US (which of course is far from the best), I pay 10$/GB for mobile, but get unlimited at home. for fairly cheap.
I see, that makes sense.
Wow, implementing uniq using array lookup is definitely a very bad idea. Everyone knows hash table is the way to go.
I don't think I've ever seen so many emojis in one comment thread.
What do people use when doing trig in school/university?
I think the [Twin Prime conjecture](https://www.britannica.com/science/twin-prime-conjecture) is also relevant here.

In short, twin primes are two primes that differ by 2. For example, 3 and 5 are primes, but there are many more such as 107/109, as well as 18408749/18408751. Here's [a list of the first 10k twin primes](https://primes.utm.edu/lists/small/100ktwins.txt).

Now, the conjecture claims that there are an infinite number of these twin primes, which is interesting considering the above results show that the probability of seeing prime numbers decreases as we go higher up.

It hasn't been proven yet (hence being a conjecture), but there has been various proofs getting close to proving it.
FYI that's my site, and I do use spritesheet but for groups of 100 emotes. That being said, the generic use case for my site is looking at emotes in order so it makes sense. If you try searching for a word it's pretty slow. If you own a bunch of random emotes, it would have to load the whole sheet for each.
Really is fun. It's one of the best coop platformers, along with Trine and Battleblock theatre.
But at the same time, getting 100%, especially with the bonus levels, can be really challenging, so if you are both very good at video games, that's a great goal to try. The game can be both casual and pro.
I'm making a second reply about your edit. You still don't seem to understand how probability works. Just because they said 80% and Trump won doesn't make it not accurate.

What 80% means is that if the same process was repeating many many times, on average, you would see Hillary winning 80% of the time. Obviously such an experiment is not possible, but seeing how close the election was, that's very possible.
Yeah, many of the other ones had 90% or more. But again, that still doesn't mean they are "wrong". Go back to my lottery example.
There's 43k

http://steam.tools/emoticons
Err my bad, I messed up my units. Still, it's 50mb and needs to be updated every time an emote is added.
fun fact, there's over 42000 emotes. Imagine trying to load that many.
1. There are over 42k emotes. Unless you dynamically generate them, it's pointless
2. The issue isn't so much loading them, but the fact that you have to load them every single time. Caching is much more important here.
3. Another issue is that the UI can't handle so many as shown in the screenshot. A paging/filtering system is needed to view and search all the motes
You do realize there are over 42,000 emotes and growing, right? At 18x18 per emote, that file would be over ~~a TB~~ 50mb in size... Also every time new emotes are added, it needs to be updated.
You can still be motivated by the numbers growing, building up your community and slowly working towards becoming a partner.
Also monetizing his 600k followers with travel ads.
Does it though? I'm sure there are plenty of others he could collab with that have far less negative shit around them.
Again, it has nothing to do with "SJW" as a concept, whether they exist or not. He points out specific actions by specific people. SJW is just labels anyway, and you're playing with semantics. It may have different meanings to different people, but that doesn't matter here, because he isn't talking about "SJW" in a blanket way.

And obviously, he does not cover every single thing that happens in the world. He has to choose and pick. If he consistently covered stories from one particular group, then I'd agree with you, but there's a pretty wide variety. Just because you disagree with a handful doesn't make his whole show wrong or bad.
> After all, Grey is a only a podder who occasionally makes Youtube videos.

FTFY


Back in 1.6 it was. Not anymore.
I remember when they were testing url bar at the bottom, what ever happened to that :(
Any group can have extremists that are problematic. You obviously can't talk about an entire group, but there are subset of them that do stupid things, just like for example there are vegans that can cause harm (ecoterrorists) or conservatives that are bigoted.

I don't think I've heard him use blanket statements over all of SJWs, but when some specific person does some specific bad thing, he will call it out.
Well normal internet users can't, but this should be targeted more towards people in position to have an impact. People making Youtube content often use stock images. If you work at a bigger company that handles stock photos, you can also potentially have an influence and get your team to use a competitor, etc.
I'm confused. In your previous post you said he started raving about SJWs, and now claim he backed up right-wing's point about SJWs... which way it is?

He presents the facts from all direction, and yes after he will give his opinion, but the facts are still there. He doesn't hide half the facts like most news source do. Yes no news source is perfect, but at least he tries to provide as much of the facts as there exists before giving his own opinion.
And your proof for that is?
Honestly, the one kind of article I get A LOT of is "Release date and information about X", where X is a tv show or game. But then when you click the article, they don't actually have a proper source, and they are purely speculating out of their ass.

As you can guess, when you claim to have the release date, you will get a lot of hits, even if you're lying. And there's literally no way for me to tell Google that this was a scam. The best I can do is block the entire website (which I often do).
80% chance means just that... that there's an 4 in 5 chance of her winning...

It's like saying that that you have a 0.0001% chance of winning the lottery, and then you play and win. That doesn't make the statistic wrong, that just means you were in the 0.0001%.

They're not counting the number of votes. Just because the number is bigger than 50% doesn't mean she will definitely win. She is more likely to win, but there's still 1 in 5 chance that she will lose.
I understand that to some extent, but 1. Youtube algorithm has been shifting and honestly I'm not sure how much of an impact it has anymore. At the very least he should try normal titles again and see if there's a shift. 2. The kind of users you attract with those titles may not be the kind of fanbase you want to have in the first place. Quality is also important, especially with Patreon and other sources of money.
Having listened to their podcasts, they're god damn number nerds alright. If you can trust anyone on polling and getting the statistics right, it's them.
Yeah that's the only part that bugs me. I absolutely love his content, but I can never share it with anyone because of how stupid his thumbnails and titles still are. The thumbnails have gotten slightly better, but god damn those titles. Please DeFranco, if you read this, I know it might bring slightly more views, but I think the audience you'd get with less stupid titles is worth it.
Hmm, I don't remember too far back, but if anything, he's always seemed to side slightly on the opposite side. Maybe he's changed lately.
He said it again in his Defranco interview too (the other interview).
are you inside me?
Well, they do have a term of service and it does limit what it can be used for. But again, not sure how enforceable it is.
There many non-war related and highly beneficial use cases for computer vision on satellite/drone imagery. For example, it's been use to great success to [agricultural imaging](https://www.satimagingcorp.com/applications/natural-resources/agriculture/) or [deforestation tracking](https://globalforestatlas.yale.edu/conservation/forest-monitoring).

That aside, in the context of DoD, I can see many non-violent usage that could be highly beneficial. Imagine for example better tracking of North Korea forces, allowing us to better detect their use of nukes. Isn't that something we want to have the best available computer vision tech on?
From [The Verge](https://www.theverge.com/2018/4/4/17199818/google-pentagon-project-maven-pull-out-letter-ceo-sundar-pichai):

> Google has described its work on Project Maven as “non-offensive,” and Diane Greene, the head of Google’s cloud operation who sits on Alphabet’s board of directors, said the technology will not be used to “operate or fly drones” and “will not be used to launch weapons.”

Also, from [ArsTechnica](https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2018/04/google-should-not-be-in-the-business-of-war-googlers-decry-pentagon-project/):

> Maven is a well-publicized DoD project, and Google is working on one part of it—specifically scoped to be for non-offensive purposes and using open-source object-recognition software available to any Google Cloud customer. The models are based on unclassified data only. The technology is used to flag images for human review and is intended to save lives and save people from having to do highly tedious work.

I guess the main argument though is that even if Google agrees to make it for non-offense uses, I'm not sure if there's a way to guarantee that DoD won't go behind their back and use it for other reasons. But yeah at the end of the day, these are generic algorithms that are available to anyone:

https://cloud.google.com/vision/
The cinematography and story telling get a lot of praise, but god damn the music in this show is also a blast. I was really digging it in this scene. I also really enjoyed the Alice in Wonderland cover.
yep, 60 of content, 90 with ads.
It's honestly what I love the most about it. Really, every frame a painting. Every single scene is absolutely gorgeous.
Little mind fuck things like this is what I love about this show. Things that make you doubt yourself. The very first episode of this show, there's one scene where the show changes letterboxing, and also a scene that repeats itself. I've been in love with this show since then.

Also it may be me hallucinating, but it looked like she poured more water than the cup can fit in the tea scene.
Most animal emojis feel like a downgrade. They're objectively less cute, which is half the point of emojis. As you mentioned, non-blob emojis have far less personality, which is also half the point of emojis.
Here's a recent video by Great Big Story on him from a few months back.

https://youtu.be/ExKCcndqK5c
I'm curious, does it no cost them any money to register it for themselves? Can someone not just keep looking up random fake domains they don't plan to buy on their site to mess with them?
That's really the point of a beta program, to find the configurations that don't work well. They can't possibly test all existing configurations.
Simple, after a swipe, show a quick up thumb / down thumb. That would actually give them far more information, helping them improve recommendations. As it is, people rarely ever dismiss, therefore not giving any feedback. The only data they get is people clicking on articles, which leads to clickbait being promoted more.
Just like with the Android O emojis...
Because it's not 10 apps. I haven't used SMS in years.  I use Allo for chatting, and Duo for video calls. I'd love there to be a button to jump from Allo to Duo, but other than that, I have no problem having two apps. Maybe if you stopped using hyperboles you'd see that it's actually nowhere near as insane as you make it sound.
It's not difficult, but that's just one valid way to go about it. Having separate tasks being separate apps is just as valid.

If you disagree with the design decision of having lightweight individual apps, that's fair, but people in these thread makes it sound like there's 10 apps that do exactly the same thing, which is not true. With the exception of hangouts, all of the other ones have a clear and separate purpose.

I personally prefer having individual apps, but I'd like better integration between them, such as a button in Allo to jump to Duo call. Then I can decide the features I care for instead of having one big bloated app.
Hangout Chat is a slack alternative. Duo is a video calling app. Google Voice is a dialer. Allo is a chat app. Messaging is an SMS app. These are all different.

Yes, it'd be nice to live in a world where there's one ultimate app that does everything. Hell, why not also just merge maps and youtube and chrome into one app while we're at it. But until then, there's nothing wrong with having separate single purpose apps.

If I only want to video call with my parents, she doesn't need a slack dialer sms app. Good luck teaching them how to use that. With duo, it's the simplest thing ever to use and they were talking to me within seconds.
I use share all the time to send videos to friends passively.
You're right, almost all antivirus systems and windows all do collect telemetry data, though as always, it's anonymized overall metadata.

To me the assumption of openly using this to spy on your files is stupid because Google shows all the data they have on you on your account dashboard, let you download it and delete it. Soon this will actually be legally forced through GDPR. That's actually how people found out [Facebook was collecting phone calls and contacts on Android](https://mashable.com/2018/03/25/facebook-android-phone-call-data-gathering/), so if Google was indeed getting your data, it would show up there. It's also extremely poor PR for them to do something so blatantly obvious. We love to think they're dumb and only care for money, but that's clearly not true.
No one. Just a couple people with tinfoil hats that can't actually think critically and love shouting technopanic at anything that happens without any proof whatsoever.
There is zero proof so far, and even the assumption makes no sense.
I was curious and looked at the video, and this makes it look a lot worse than it is. Don't get me wrong, this is still bad,but in the actual video, this is literally a single frame with a shaky cam, so a normal viewer would never see this unless they stepped through frame by frame.
the password isn't 1337
im a cool guy, pls invite
Expect they didn't sell it. It's the 3rd party app that used the flaw that sold it and made money. Facebook saw none of that money, and actually closed this loophole because it actually makes them less money.
I completely agree that it's stupid, but I also don't think the quote OP linked is relevant. Yes, it was a flaw in the system that 3rd party apps can access your friends, but that clearly wasn't the intent, and that's also why they removed that access in 2014.

As for selling the data, the original app was for research purposes and was not sold. That app then broke the ToS by selling it.

No Mark neither gave data without permission nor sold it, but yes, the system was very poorly designed and people cheated it.
I had to come down pretty low to find this. This has already been disabled. Though existing apps were allowed to keep it until 2015 which is when this breach happened. CA has been using the data from 2015, since people's likes doesn't really change that much over time.
I'm v cool, pls let me in.
It was *released* by them, but the police got it from Uber (since it's their car/equipment).
well mine is entirely off, but there's a separate option that turns it off only when the phone is locked. In the case of driving, that would still work.
I ended up turning voice entirely off on my pixel 2. I use the squeeze a lot more since the phone is always on my when I'm outside. When in at home, I have my Mini answering, so I just don't need voice detection on the pixel.
Make sure you use the same account on both devices though, that's how it can dedupe the message.
So basically what happened to H1Z1 and Fortnite, then? Remember when those used to be survival games?
When used for its intended behavior, it's not a hack. What makes it a hack is that it's being used on a different type, which implicitly converts it. The operator isn't called "convert string to number". That's not what its job it. That's parseInt's job. That's literally the definition of a hack, using something in a way it wasn't designed to be used.
I would hardly call using an number unary operator to type coerce a string a "feature". It's a hack.

A good programmer language should have one way of doing something, and while I'm not saying javascript is a good language, there is one good and clear way of converting a string into a number. The consequences are definitely bigger than the 5 keystrokes you save using that hack.
To be fair, from a participation point of view, many of them weren't the most exciting. Even last years which one probably the best one was mostly about putting a single pixel every 10 minutes. The button one even less than that.

Where they become interesting is at the psychological and social level. How people react to it and behave.
Or, just can use the self explanatory function instead?
There are ways to do it anonymously. Would just need to provide proof to one mod here, and hope they aren't spies. Maybe setup a VPN too for extra safety.
I'm confused, during the elections, he proudly stated that he didn't pay his own federal taxes, and that made him a smart businessman. Now he's attacking Bazos for using the same legal loopholes to avoid paying taxes?

Don't get me wrong, I think Amazon should pay more taxes, but how much of a fucking hypocrite do you have to be to attack someone for doing the exact same thing you are?
Implying he actually reads or even looks at any other source of news. Every opinion and word out of his mouth comes straight out of Fox News. He probably heard something their and is parroting it as always.
I guess most people know DeepMind for AlphaGo, but yeah for a company that uses machine learning so heavily, it's pretty obviously that a subsidiary that focuses entirely on machine learning will bring a lot of value.

As the article points out, their new WaveNet text-to-speech engine came out of there. I don't really think their primary goal was monetizing it either, they were just looking at ways to improve the voice of Google assistant, and after optimizing it, they realized it'd be a good service for Google Cloud to offer.

This is what happens when you get smart people to make cool shit, eventually use cases pop up by themselves. This is why funding science, NASA and research in general is so important. There's often unintended discoveries that happen when you focus on long term investments like that.
The main reason not to use it is clarity. Most people here probably didn't know that trick existed before seeing this thread, so it's safe to assume that the majority of other programmers don't either. If some stranger is reading my code, I don't want them to have to decipher why in the hell I put a magical + in front of it. `parseInt` is clear and concise. It tells to the person reading exactly what it's doing.
Not only that, but if someone types a leading 0, then you end up with an octal base. "010" parses into 8.
Well it depends on your use case. If you indeed know the incoming number is going to be int or float, then obviously you should be using parseInt/parseFLoat. You're getting an extra sanity check there.
The better way, especially if you know it's an integer, is to do:

```
parseInt(string, 10) + number
```
Must suck to be a mod on a subreddit that doesn't understand a joke when you literally post a progress pic of a stick figure progress pic. Then again, as a default sub moderator, you should've seen that coming.

EDIT: To be clear, this post and comment were both in negative votes early on.
Honestly every single one of theirs were amazing. They've the highlight of aprils fool day every for the past 5+ years.
The problem with moderation is that people rarely see what you've done right, only what you've done wrong.

For example, moderators of this sub could be removing a thousand bad posts a day, but if a single one slips through, there would be people calling them out on it. On the other hand, maybe there's actually not a single moderator working and that 1 post that made it through was actually a lot. It's really hard to get an idea of the work happening behind the scenes.
I specifically typed visible for that reason. If it emitted visible light, wouldn't it look like it's glowing to us? It uses light which is not visible to human eyes.
Well there's a specific distinction I wanted to make. If I say something on my blog, that's fine. But if I follow you around the internet every day and start saying shit at you, that's no longer speech, it's entering harassment territory. I'm *forcing* my free speech onto you.

This guy though just made a video on his channel, he didn't impede on anyone else's freedom.
I'm guessing it will depend on the [autonomy level.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Autonomous_car#Levels_of_driving_automation)

Level 4 and 5 probably would allow for driving under influence because they do not require attention from the user. Level 3 only allows you to have your eye off, but you still need to be able to focus back when required (which you can't if you're DUI).

Waymo is going straight for #4, other companies are slowly trying to grow from 3 to 4 over time.
Neither? Federer is by most measures the most popular tennis players. You can look at various statistics, but he has the most wins. Serena is also pretty high up there, and in women she's first, but I don't think there's really any bias involved on either end since he statistically has the most wins.
I do agree that there is a line and the prank example you give is a perfect example of that. But I do not agree that "saying something" ever crosses that line, unless you are specifically following and harassing someone.

In other words, I believe "comedians" should be allowed to say anything, no matter how controversial and unpopular. If you don't find it funny, then don't listen to it. To be clear, this is very different from the prank or harassment case when the action is forced onto people.
GlassDoor rating is at 2.9, morale is extremely low and these stories are scaring away most engineers.

I don't think most people realize how important the company perception is. It impacts your ability to attract top talent, and that can lead to major problems further down the line.
Not only that, but there's a lot of music on Youtube, and they have to pay royalties to the artists to legally be allowed to play it in the background for you (just like all other music streaming services).

If this wasn't there, then you could just use Youtube as a free music streaming service on your phone.
Absolutely. There's already a lot of shady things around this accident, and the full investigation is not yet over.

1. The video they released seems misleading. Not sure if intentional or not, but [the video they posted](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RASBcc4yOOo) is far darker than how that street [actually looks like at night](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CRW0q8i3u6E)

2. It was a clear sky on an open 4 lane road. That is the perfect conditions for LIDAR/RADAR, which do not rely on visible light to see.

3. [According to the Verge](https://www.theverge.com/2018/3/23/17157744/uber-self-driving-problems-before-fatal-crash-tempe-arizona-autonomous-cars)
>When Uber moved to a single operator, some employees expressed safety concerns to managers, according to the two people familiar with Uber’s operations. They were worried that going solo would make it harder to remain alert during hours of monotonous driving. Mr. Kallman said it delayed the start of its single-driver initiative to allow for more training and to make sure drivers felt comfortable for the new role.

4. [According to NYT](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.nytimes.com/2018/03/23/technology/uber-self-driving-cars-arizona.html)
> Waymo, formerly the self-driving car project of Google, said that in tests on roads in California last year, its cars went an average of nearly 5,600 miles before the driver had to take control from the computer to steer out of trouble. As of March, Uber was struggling to meet its target of 13 miles per “intervention” in Arizona.


So I disagree with the thought that "humans would not have been able to do better". I have a feeling Uber released that video to get people to believe that.  Furthermore, I want to reiterate the results of #4: Waymo has **two orders of magnitude** lower disengagement than uber. I personally think it's extremely reckless and irresponsible for Uber to be alpha testing these cars that are clearly not ready on public roads. But as we've seen time and time again, Uber is prepared to bend any rules and cheat in order to "win" and get ahead.

Grey kinda alludes to this near the end, but the last few % in self-driving take exponentially more effort to achieve. Many people look at the videos posted by Tesla/Uber and assume that those cars are ready. What people need to realize is that Google had similar videos as far back as 2009, but it took then 10 more years to get to a level where they felt ready to release their cars for public use. They weren't sitting idly for the past 10 years, they were getting that % up as close to 100% as possible. 
That doesn't really answer the question.

What is "force restart" here.

Did you go to the start menu and restart your computer? That takes 30s+, whereas on my ssd, the error comes within seconds.
I just want more reviews to focus on these aspects. Vibration engine, buttons, notification LED, how it feels in your hand, etc.

Most just go over the spec sheet and talk about the camera.
Or someone who's obviously overreacting for views and attention. He even has a desk smashing emote ffs lol. Look at how much attention this post brought.
Well if she lives 20 more years, that'll be 1m$. If she lives 40 more years, that's 2m$. Though I guess investing that money could have larger returns.
You missed my point. You keep repeating that this is an award for studios, but I'm saying that if it was, they'd give the award to the studio, not to the actor.

So the same actor, if they decide to work for netflix, would not get the same award. Whereas in science, it doesn't matter where you work. If you write a scientific paper that has a big impact, you can get an nobel prize for it.
Shift+> has honestly changed my youtube life. Literally 50% more effective on average.
When an Oscar is given, they clearly state "Leonardo DiCaprio won the oscar for best actor", not "Regency Enterprises won an oscar". In your Nobel prize example, the top scientist name is used. I don't think it's a fair comparison.

The oscar, the money and the recognition goes to the actor, not the company. In the nobel prize case, the award, money and recognition goes to the person getting the prize too.
Now add terminal colors.
What does a beer driver have to do with anything.

These are literally the same actors, the same directors, and the same artists. Some of which have previously played and been nominated for Oscars in other movies. But just because they started working at some other company, suddenly their work shouldn't be celebrated anymore?
The person who gets the "award" is the actor, the director, the artist. Not the studio. And it's the exact same actor, director and artist doing the exact same work.
So take two movies, and let's say for the sake of the argument that they don't have a distributor yet.

They both have fantastic actors trying their hardest, they both have sound and cgi artists working their ass off, they both have fantastic screenwriting and directing, hard working crew, etc.

Now one gets picked up by Netflix and the other one goes to studio that plays it in theatres for a few months. Why does it matter where the money came from and where the movie plays? Did the actor that got their paycheck from Netflix do any less of a job? Is the work of the artist that worked for months worth any less because it played on Netflix first?

This is all bullshit. Awards is for celebrating the work done by the crew working on the film, and it has absolutely nothing to do with who funded it and where it played.
To be fair, it's mostly mindfuck because the image is distorted, like something from a fisheye lens. So your brain has issues with the 90 degree angles not lining up properly.
I just love that Marvel goes in different directions thematically with each movie. The thought of watching dozens of "superhero movies" would feel like it would get repetitive and boring, but Marvel managed to give each their own unique touch, especially more recently. You got Thor: Ragnarok with the retrowave 80's aesthetic, and Black panther with the afrofuturism. You got movies like GotG that are far more light hearted and comedic, while others are much more serious and action focused.

Each one has its own personality and that's what made Black Panther so great.
It's absolutely about novelty for me. [Afrofuturism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Afrofuturism) is extremely underrated, and the music in that movie was also unlike anything out there. The movie just felt fresh and different, which is what happens when you start exploring different cultures and themes.
While the location is fictional, it follows culture of the surrounding area, but mixed with a futuristic theme. This is actually called [afrofuturism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Afrofuturism) and it's a highly underrated aesthetic.
If you go to a lot of movies, moviepass is great. Personally, I much prefer the alternatives such as Sinemia. It's 2 movies a month for 10$ or 3 for 15$, but realistically, I never go to more than 3 a month anyway.

On the other hand, you get to see IMAX/3D, you can book days in advance and buy the ticket online (reserved seating is a huge must for me). If you go to the movies with a partner, you can also get a 2-person account that lets you buy both tickets at once instead of dealing with 2 accounts.

I disagree. the whole reason the game had any hype in the first place was the multiplayer experience. At the very least it should've been coop. People want to ride the sea with their friends. Most of the fun is with working together to manage a ship. That's actually the only good part of the game. where it falls short is progression and quests.
1. Not all hours of gameplay are created equal. 5 hour of handcrafted story driven experience in a game like Portal is not the same as 5 hour of sailing the sea.

2. I'm glad you were able to get 20+ hours out of it. I personally played it for 5 and basically experienced all it had to offer. I could've maybe played a few more hours at most. There's only a handful type of missions, most of which are extremely straightforward and poorly designed. There's basicaly 0 progression, and even if you wanted to explore the whole map, it'd still take less than 10 hours.
It's not that I'm new, but rather, now that indie games are most accessible and popular as they ever were, it's much clearer how much of a rip off AAA games can sometimes be. Few years ago they could've gotten away with that shit (and honestly, on console, they often still do), but on PC, as it's been shown by this thread and the reviews of this game, people don't fall for this shit anymore.
None of these excuses the pricing. I have no problem with being low on content, but you just can't price a game at 60$ when it has less content than most 10-20$ indie games out there.

And if you spent shitload of time and money making it, then I'm sorry but it doesn't show.
I mean, there's nothing wrong with looking like an indie game. It looked fun and something unique, which is often what you get from indie games. The issue is that they took that indie game and gave it a AAA price...

This game is great at 20$, but stupidly expensive at 60.
You can tell that the team just didn't have vision. They are definitely talented, and there's a lot of really cool tech in the game. The water is gorgeous, and riding the ship is really fun. But when you put it all together, it's just not a solid cohesive experience.

So much of it is insanely poorly designed. Take the chicken missions for example. Once you activate them, you have to go all the way back, get a cage, then go find the chicken and bring it back. That makes zero sense. Let alone the fact that there's only 2-3 mission types total, and they couldn't even get those right.

Another thing that requires an overall view is progression and how enjoyable the game is. Right now, there's nothing in there to make you want to keep playing. All progression is cosmetic, and the game just doesn't feel rewarding. The game is just a hodge podge of random tech and mechanics.
I don't think anyone is saying that it's a bad game. It's just that it's unfinished (like an early access game), and it's priced way higher than it should be (it's a 20$ game at most). The whole Game Pass bullshit is just marketing. It doesn't change the MSRP of the game.

I also don't buy the whole "pay for it now, more free content will come later". That's also shitty tactics, similar to pre-orders and other early access games. I will pay the money it is worth now, not what it may or may not be worth in 2 years.
Exactly. I had people justify to me that "they are eventually going to add more content for free". That's bullshit. I will reconsider paying 60$ in a year if they do, but i'm not paying in advance in the hopes that they deliver. As the article says, this is early access / alpha and they should market it as such.
Did yall learn nothing from the video!? It's all just red herrings!
The way he codes his animations makes me so happy. Seeing real visualized examples really helps drive the concept home.
For large creators it'll definitely work. The sad part is that a lot of smaller and naive creators who look up to the larger ones will follow and get screwed over even harder. The grass always looks greener on the other side I guess. 
Are you proposing a cooking channel?
I always find it funny when I see creators running away from Youtube's "bad moderation" to Twitch. It's clear they haven't spend much time on the site... Twitch has had inconsistent moderation and favoritism issues for years and it definitely has not been getting better. And they're still nowhere the size of Youtube, so I can't imagine how much worse it'll get when they have to deal with 100x more content being uploaded.

Competition is definitely great, but at the same time, most people take the difficulty of moderating this much content and the job Youtube is doing for granted.
To start, as far as I know Instagram doesn't have apps or "sign in with Instagram" on other sites. The next question is, can third party apps on Facebook access your Instagram?

Either way, it seems like there's far less information leaking there. 
It's our patriotic duty to watch Donald's little carrot so we can save the country. 
The fact that Stormy is still in the headlines months after the story broke while all those other arguably far more impactful and serious stories got buried is a real testament to how savvy he is. 
Well yes, the redesign was the root cause, but most headlines point to the tweet as the initiator of the crash, mostly because it happened on that specific day (the redesign was released a few days prior).
It was tabloid narrative meant to attract views. The reality is that on the same day, many other actually meaningful events happened, one of the most important ones being that [Wall-Street actually changed their rating of the Snapchat stock from "Neutral" to "Sell".](http://www.businessinsider.com/wall-street-snap-downgrade-snap-redesign-2018-2) That seems far more likely to have caused the drop than a tweet. Remember kids, correlation != causation.
You have to, but the law is very very look on what constitutes a scarf, especially for westerners.

You can look at some [examples here](https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&sa=1&q=iran+youth+scarf) of what most women wear.
I was there a few months ago. Here are some photos from my trip: https://photos.app.goo.gl/HFJd9uSxpdUpf1ds2

There are many historic places dating to 4+ thousands years ago, but sadly it's all going to waste thanks to the government making it hard to access.
Yeah but D enthusiasm was missing, mostly due to heavy meddling by outside forces such as Russia and CA.
I fully agree with you, but sadly the GOP has destroyed the republican name so badly that no reasonable person wants to be attached to that.

It's worth noting that this is also a very blue state, and also, the democratic process where you get to choose between different people will still exist, except at the primary level instead.
That was the first part of the equation, but we were missing the two other parts.
Finally a reasonable answer. There's many checks and balances in place. Any cop can't just request any information.
Yep, I like having the 3 different tiers. I mostly use subscribed too. Sometimes when I wonder what the rest of the world is all over, I'll take a peak at trending, but I like the separation.

I really wish recommended was better tiered. Reactive suggestions can sometimes be good, but I don't want it to take over the whole page. Maybe have one section "You've recently watched topic X, here's more", but they also need to have a section that's more long term "here's videos similar to what you've watched in the past month".

Also, idk if this is a bug, but I can only get 18 recommendations at any given time... I wish I could see a much longer list I could scroll through, and also have a quick and easy button to dismiss videos I'm sure I'm not interested in.
The more interesting metric to look at is the turnout for the primary compared to previous years.
Realistically, isn't it a good thing for democrats every time the republicans pick a shitty candidate like this? It's partly the reason why Doug Jones won in Alabama, and probably also why Lamb won in PA.

Bad R candidate + good D candidate + D enthusiasm = huge swing
That was before, they do now that GDPR is coming into effect (in the next month or so).
By #deletefacebook, they mean more delete your account. That part is the more important part. Uninstalling the app without deleting your account does nothing, but with GDPR, Facebook has to get rid of your data once you request it.
Exactly. A business literally cannot exist if it's not making money. You can take the most well meaning people on earth and ask them to run a project to improve the world, and unless they already have a huge pile of money, they will have to make a profit if they want to have any chance. 
Sometimes good intentions line up with profit, so it's unfair to assume that just because it's for profit, it must be bad.
2XL and S9 are very different phones honesty. Not saying either is better than the other, they are both fantastic phones, but people generally fall on one side or the other after using them for some time.

Take samsung's photos for example. They have a very distinctive look, and anyone who looks at them can instantly tell if they like them or not. If you like the "samsung look", go for S9, otherwise, go for Pixel.

Obviously if headphone jack or expandable is a must for you, S9 is the way to go. On the other hand, if you like a clean software experience and smooth everyday usage with little bloat, Pixel is the way to go. If you care about great display, go for S9. If you care about having the latest update and features, go for Pixel.
I mean current features could be polished more. I agree that hardware has reached its limits. Maybe an entirely new battery technology, or some specialized chips. But software still has a long way to go. It often still gets janky, buggy and slow.

There's a reason the Pixel phones, even with their unimpressive hardware, can often provide a far better experience. At the end of the day, even if you have the fastest CPU, it won't make up for shitty code.
The first time I heard about them, I was so confused. I start checking out their website, reading their info, it looks so clean.

> MindGeek continues to drive the state of technology forward, developing industry-leading solutions enabling faster, more efficient delivery of content every second to millions of customers worldwide.

Not a single reference to anything adult related, slick site, cool logo, etc. Then you check out their wikipedia page and find out they own pornhub, xvideos (both of those are owned by the same people?!? I've been living a lie), redtube, youporn, tube8, brazzers, pornmd, mofos, and dozens more...
Well the audiobook already exists and is voice by them. They showed a short animation in the show, but someone could potentially take the existing full audiobook and turn it into a full animation.
It was pretty eggcelent.
Thank you, the latter explanation makes sense, it was definitely the plan and they decided to go against it.
Yeah, because Hillary being bad candidate totally makes it ok for other countries to fuck with our elections, and also means we shouldn't do anything at all to punish said countries. That makes sense, thanks.

This has nothing to do with Hillary or Trump. This is about another country literally fucking with us, and us just sitting back and letting them do it.
1. Anyone can do that
2. Most of the "tricks" that boost your rankings are things that actually make your website better (mobile support, speed, etc).
3. People have been trying to "cheat" Google rankings to get an edge since Google has existed, but there has never been a simple and easy way (see #2).
The election could've been flipped with less than 100,000 votes. That's less than 0.1% of the votes, so it definitely is worth discussing because it did matter.
> One month before the 2016 election, the IRA was reportedly operating on a monthly budget of at least $1.25 million.

I highly doubt that $100,000 number, reported by Facebook themselves, is accurate.
That's an outdated number and it's self-reported by Facebook.

In the indictment by Mueller, they state that the IRA had a budget of over $1m per month. Of course that's spread out over all platforms, but there sure as shit was more than $100k put into this.
Ads are very clearly tagged, it's pretty clear that they are ads and not the top listing.
They've sponsored a bunch of different education channels on Youtube this month. It's probably to go along with their 2018 letter. 
Yep. In the past month I've seen a bunch of videos from all sorts of Youtube education channels that were sponsored by B&MG. It just lines up with their new 2018 letter being out.
I would definitely love to see an opensource version that runs locally with minimal network requests, but for some things, we are not quite there in terms of computation, at least if we want good quality.

Speech recognition and speech synthesis are both doable on low-end machines, but you'll never get anywhere close the accuracy that Google is getting with their huge deepnet models. In the video you can also see the huge delay between saying "Leon" and the recognition beep.
Yep. People think you're only paying for the raw materials. They don't realize that the "extra money" you pay for premium isn't profit margins. You're paying for customer support, better software and more optimized code.
> wide profit margin

I disagree with this. People often just compare spec sheets and the raw hardware material cost and then assume everything else is profit.

Phones are becoming more and more about software. Look at what Google is able to achieve with a single camera. All that software, unlike what people think, is not free. Writing high quality, bug free, performant and optimized software takes many people, many hours and a lot of money.

Yes, on paper, the two phones may be very similar, but when you actually start using it daily, it's very clear why most phone reviewers like the Pixel as their daily driver over all those cheaper options. Jankiness and battery life depend far more on software than hardware. You can have the best CPU, if the code is shit, it'll be janky.
We made fun of americans for electing that crazy liar, now we're about to do just the same...
And there are many extensions to bring it back. 
You mean like how you and half the people around you are also under investigation? Oh but no those are Fake investigations.
Had to come so far in the comments to finally find someone questioning the experiment... It's almost like we're not in a subreddit dedicated to data.

For one, everyone knows that batteries deteriorate over time not being used. So the date the battery was manufactured matters here. Secondly, was the experiment run a single time per brand? Did they try batteries from different packages to see variance? 
Hmm, I wish it also specified the experiment itself. Was it done a single time per battery? Was there any dates on the package showing how old the battery were?

For a proper experiment like this you need to repeat at least 10 times with each brand, and try to get batteries from different packages or check the dates. 
And the "ONE TAKEE!" from Tom Scott too. I saw that coming from a mile away but still loved it.
Imagine being Muller, slowly and carefully putting together this comprehensive report from the ground up, ready to obliterate Trump, and then suddenly Trump gets taken down because of some cheating related drama with a porn star.
Define more and more frequently? There's literally billions of Google users, and there's only a very small handful of cases like this. Also, everyone knows you don't do a chargeback against a company if you still plan on using. It's like spitting in the face of a bouncer and then being like "can I get back inside the bar please?".
Yep, you should never do a chargeback against a company that you have a business with, like Steam for example. In their defense, they probably get thousands of people trying to scam them with fake credit cards and chargebacks.
I'm positive you will write 100% bug free and exploit free code!
To be fair, can you imagine having 600k people watching you?

I mean, let alone the fact that "chat" as a concept completely breaks down after a few thousand viewers, even with slow mode, follow mode and sub mode... Honestly, at the scale he was at, even subscriptions and donations break as a way of communicating, which a few larger streamers used in the day.

There's also the other side, which is it's hard to balance a call with someone else, and at the same time take care of viewers, especially when it's drake. You don't wanna interrupt Drake to talk to chat.
I mean, that's exactly what the other 99.9% of the streamers keep asking themselves. Sure a chunk of them don't have the skills, and another chunk don't put the effort and time. But that still leaves hundreds if not thousands that have just as much skill and quality, but never make it to the top. The reality is that at the end of the day, there is still a lot of luck involved.
Wasn't it kim dotcom that hooked them up?
I mean not only that, but these products often have support on iPhone too. When you get an "Android Watch", it sounds like it only works with android, but actually you can use an Android watch with an iPhone. same thing with GPay.
The tweet says "We'll control our own guns, thank you".

Well, we've seen how good of a job they've done so far with it... Great control when kids who want to shoot up school can very easily get their hands on guns. Sure sounds like "control".
Why does that redirect me to the French .fr version? Does it think i'm from france?

Pretty English doesn't even work, it redirects me back to french?
Sure, but you can never fully trust ISPs, which is why the only real solution is everyone using HTTPS. As a bonus, you also get protection on open wifis and many other benefits.
He really does look like him. Though, this may sound weird, but this girl also kind looks like him too, if that makes sense? Maybe it's just the similar setup, but her face looks very alike.
Sure, but what I'm saying is that two are not related nor mutually exclusive. You can be successful and generous, just as you can be successful and cheap. And that's why I'd rather promote companies that are the latter. For companies that large, doing something like this is trivial, but the benefits outside are huge. 
That's definitely true, and it's really hard for smaller companies to do it. But when  you're large enough, you can afford putting a small number of your people of doing things like this without having a significant impact on your profits. 
> Every single move a company makes serves a greater purpose of increasing their profits and ability to improve in the future.

I dislike people who keep thinking this way. Every time any company does something, no matter how good, all they can say is "but they only care about money!"

I'm sorry, but that's stupid. *All* companies care about money, but not all companies do things that are beneficial to the world. So clearly there's a difference between them. According to you, it's just because Google is "smart" and all other companies are "stupid", but I disagree.

Yes, companies have to care about money, but they can also optionally balance that with doing good actions. The latter is rare and should very much be applauded, instead of being a cynical jerk about it.
Yes and no. The [data set](https://research.googleblog.com/2018/02/introducing-hdr-burst-photography.html?m=1) is open, and they have published a paper on their HDR+ algorithm as part of SIGGRAPH, but yes, the actual source code is not released. Still, the paper and the data set are a significant part of trying to train your own neural net.
Nexus 6P with 64GB of storage was 550$ MSRP. The Pixel XL with 32GB of storage was 750$ (128GB at 850$).

Prices definitely changed over time, and they may be different in euro, especially with VAT and import taxes, but for a similar phone, the base price was 100-200$ higher for a similar device.

It's hard to say how it will be for Pixel since it's only been around for 2 years. It's unfair to compare it to Nexus, which was a mid-tier device and not really part of Google's brand. People often point to mid-tier phone with the same "spec sheet" that cost way less, but the extra money on a premium device is exactly for things like that: better and longer support.

Same thing with pointing to old Google products that were deprecated. All of them were free tangential services. If you look at their enterprise and paid products, they have a far better track record. Comparing Pixel to Google Reader makes zero sense.

That being said, there are also plenty of people who swap their iPhone every 1 or 2 year, so those people probably wouldn't care either way.
Obviously it'll be rolling out to everyone soon. Most companies soft launch new features and content to a small percent of users to catch early bugs, before opening it up to everyone. Generally the 1% -> 10% -> 100% rule works pretty well.

In this case, they decided to start with new users to get feedback from people who don't have any pre-existing attachment to a specific UI. OP is just suggesting that if you want to give it quick spin you can try making a new account, but obviously that's just for testing it out.
Yep, so many people mention the lower price mostly driven by VC money, but while that's true:

1. The rating system leads to a far far greater ride quality. Clean cars and polite drivers. Hell some newer drivers are even innovating, I've seen cars adding phone chargers, water bottles, candies and tissues in the back to step up their game. It's actually a proper competitive market now (between the drivers).

2. Being able to accurate and easy give my start and end position beforehand, not having to interact with the driver more than needed or deal with cash / paying in the car.

3. Being able to track where the car is, how long it'll take, and easily cancel if needed. You can even get approximate cost beforehand.

These are 3 quick reasons off the top of my head, but they make the experience significantly superior, so even if it was the same cost, or hell, even more expensive, I would still be using it over Taxis.
Yep, so many people mention the lower price mostly driven by VC money, but while that's true, I'd still pick ride hailing apps over Taxi any day.

1. The rating system leads to a far far greater ride quality. Clean cars and polite drivers. Hell some newer drivers are even innovating, I've seen cars adding phone chargers, water bottles, candies and tissues in the back to step up their game. It's actually a proper competitive market now (between the drivers).

2. Being able to accurate and easy give my start and end position beforehand, not having to interact with the driver more than needed or deal with cash / paying in the car.

3. Being able to track where the car is, how long it'll take, and easily cancel if needed. You can even get approximate cost beforehand.

These are 3 quick reasons off the top of my head, but they make the experience significantly superior, so even if it was the same cost, or hell, even more expensive, I would still be using it over Taxis.
It's basically a postal code, but universal and for the world. Many countries actually don't even have postal codes at all, so this is a nice option for them. With the high level of detail, it may also be useful if you want to quick give a friend an accurate position. I've been in situation where someone was trying to give me an address over the phone and getting the names of the street right was a pain.
Yep, if on the map, you open the side menu and enable Grid, you can nicely see the pattern as you zoom in and out. I do wish the website allowed you to select larger/smaller boxes, not sure if the spec supports that, or if I'm just being stupid.
Many of the apps made there also make their way everywhere eventually. Files Go is very useful, Datally is also fantastic. There's also a general push towards making app deal better with poor connectivity, which is very useful at busy cons or in rural places. The overall quality of their apps has been increasing now that they are taking into account more scenarios than just silicon valley.
I mean, you would just need a list of 25000 words in a language to add it. It's not too hard. And when it comes to remembering, it's definitely much easier to remember 3 words than a random set of letters and digit.

Not being opensource is definitely a big problem. Most engines also haven't added support for it (probably because it isn't opensource), which makes it hard to use.
So many people are gonna get rich with book sales. And then some time laters, so many people are gonna get rich with tv shows, movies and documentaries about this shit. Hell, investigating papers and late night shows are already at their richest with this shit. Stupid watergate truly is a goldmine.
Not quite the same, but I remember way way back [Roy Kelly on Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCH_2EBnMXNqHg1xqA6CaIig) reading top 4chan/reddit comments, with quite a bit of production value.
Especially if it can be automated, which many many of these are. You write a bot that scrapes content, automatically makes a video and uploads it to youtube. You'd be surprised how many of these exists. Hell there are bots that do literally that for actual news articles.

https://medium.com/@d1gi/faketube-ai-generated-news-on-youtube-233ad46849f9

Once you've written the bot, you sit back and watch it rake in all the money.
It definitely is a great service and the value you get is amazing, but it still is worth considering why they can have it so cheap. For most though, sharing that data isn't really an issue.
Ah my bad, apparently this was changed.
If you're referring to Pixel 2, chances are the display were just not ready in time for it. A project like this probably takes a long time. If they announced the partnership in May, it definitely wouldn't be ready in time for mass production 3 months later. Hopefully by Pixel 3 they will be ready though.
Seurat is more of a pre-processor, and the main goal is to lower the size of the package shipped to users.

The full scene can have very complex models, textures, etc, and this can add up to gigabytes of data. Seurat takes one viewpoint where the user will be standing, and calculates the data required only for that point of view, significantly reducing the size to something that can be shipped on a phone.

But also, this processing being done before the fact makes loading and rendering a bit faster too.
Well the first sentence of the article says:

> Google announced that it has partnered with "one of the leading OLED makers" to develop a high-end VR display

Looking around, it seems like that announcement did happen back in 2017, so unless things changed, it seems like another party is involved. I do agree that it's not clear what % is done by this other company or if there's deeper cooperation happening.
Simple shape, good clocks, cheap internet...

People often make fun of Saskatchewan, but they really have it don't they?
Well Jim has definitely been going through an existential crisis lately, saying "profound" shit at red carpets and being all over the place. I'm sure the ex-girlfriend suicide might've messed him up a bit.
Yep, it's a crazy service which got a lot of attention when they first announced it. People are still trying to figure out how it makes sense from a business point of view, but we're slowly starting to get an idea.

For one, it's highly restrictive. You can only see 2d movies and you can see each movie once. They also apparently track your location before/after the movie, and most definitely sell your viewing data.
> I don't think that they used any logical thought processes to conclude that Donald Trump would help them. 

I never claimed they did.

> I don't think they're capable of the critical thinking or self reflection required to determine Trump is a bad president.

I'm with you here. If they DID have critical thinking, they would realize that their problems isn't the government/Trump's fault, it's their own. But these people love blaming the system for all their hardships, and the main reason they follow Trump is because they think (without any logic) that just because he's not a politician, he will be different.

The key point is that this is NOT a logical conclusion, which we both agree on. But unless Trump does a miracle (which is unlikely), their life will stay just as shitty, if not get worse, at which case they will have the internal conflict.

There is 0 logic or critical thinking involved here. Just mindless hating on the system and blaming others for your problems.
Your view is far too logical, and modern advertising doesn't work like that anymore. Do you recall any of the early Alexa or Home ads that just showed a bunch of the features? Very few people do and most people just laugh at how bad they are.

Modern advertising is about going viral, making something so fun and interesting to watch that kids will actually send the video to each other, similar to how it got me to share it here. As for the impact of it, modern advertising is about mind share and brand lift. Just having the name of it in your head is all they want.
MoviePass is a service that lets you see a movie a day by paying 10$ a month, so in some ways, these people haven't even fucking really paid for their ticket. So much for "I paid my ticket I can do whatever I want".
Probably, speaking of which, I can't stop watching that [Homepod ad](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=305ryPvU6A8), and I don't even like Apple!
I disagree, and I think you're missing the point. I'm not the one changing their mind with *my* logic. The only thing that can change those people's mind is something that comes from themselves. These people don't have any attachment to anything, their lives are shitty and they will blame their problems on anything in power. They blamed Obama for their problems, and when it becomes clear that it's not gonna get any better with Trump, they will blame Trump too.
Even a "cultist" will very quickly change their tune once they start getting screwed over. Do you think the cultist who lost their insurance or had a closed one die due to direct actions by Trump will really keep following him? Or the worker that got fired due to his tarifs?

As brainwashed as these people are, at the end of they day, they hate the government (which is why they support Trump in the first place), and once they realize that Trump can fuck up their life instead of fixing it, they will very quickly turn on him.
Whenever I'm curious about how stupid people can be, I just look at replies on his tweets. It's truly a magical place...
There's definitely a lot of funny ones

https://i.imgur.com/shzD4Q5.png
This one specifically isn't a captcha, it's from a crowdsource website where you can offer your help in telling the computer if they got it right or wrong:

https://crowdsource.google.com

In the captcha case which I think you're referring to, the way they generally do it is by asking you 2 questions, one they know the answer to and one they don't. They use the former to verify you're not submitting bullshit.

Another point worth mentioning is that the computer generally has a rough idea what the answer is in some cases (text captcha, or select part of the image captcha). If your answer is way way off, then they'll know. They also compare your answer against that of many many other people to get a more accurate reading.
I love how he is known as "the guy from minions", when in reality, Minions were just a small part of a movie about *him* that eventually became their own thing.
Even with the Electoral college, less than 100,000 votes spread amongst 3 states would have flipped the results. With over 137M voter turnout, that's less than 0.1% of the votes. And yes, while there's definitely other factors that lead to it, all in all, it was still complacency. If more people had taken it serious and gone out to vote, it would not have happened. Of course, there's still suspicion of meddling and other dirty tricks, any of which could have very easy had the 0.1% impact required.
What I love about that show, which is something that is very rare in comedies, is how almost every single episode takes an unexpected turn. You don't really get into a routine, and at the end of every single episode, you have no idea where the show is going. The show has a very strong forward direction and always feels fresh.
I literally just went through the exact same brain fart moment. I thought I was crazy until I saw your comment.
To be fair, the issue isn't so much with the theming system itself, but with the way we activate it. If they added a better way to install themes, it would be a pretty good system. The infrastructure is okay and there's already tons of skins for it.
[At 1:11 for anyone curious](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A0FZIwabctw&t=1m11s)
< 0.1%

I guess I'll just keep checking and wait for the update! Thanks :)
I think so? Unless my parents lied to me :)

https://i.imgur.com/VLWsrRj.png
Interesting. Here's the blog post:
https://blog.23andme.com/ancestry/23andme-updates-ancestry-composition/

Right now it just shows me 99.3% middle eastern.
Same, I got like 99.3% middle eastern. Mine wasn't anywhere as detailed as OP's either. I checked and still no updates.
Mental health mixed with easy access guns.
The first one was good, but the second one is absolutely fantastic. Very wholesome movies, fun to watch and great for all ages.
https://twitter.com/jagarikin/status/969329556191461376
Me neither, either I'm watching the wrong video, or everyone in this thread has gone crazy...
If at the very least he had said he would release information. He literally did not say anything, people are projecting their own hatred onto his words...

It's like if someone said they had guns, and people assumed he was going to shoot someone. It's perfectly legal to have a gun, just like it's normal to get information of people who donate to you.
> he joked about getting someone's personal information

Yes

> insinuated that he wanted the chat to get someone's information

No? Or is that in another clip? Just saying that you're giving information by donating doesn't insinuate he wants to release said information. That's projecting.
Came to post this! Really took me by surprise. Here's a screenshot: https://i.imgur.com/q3VeSXt.png
Interesting, I had never heard of this, and I listen to all their podcasts. is this new?
Do you have any proof for this?
Can I complain about something? Valve invited a bunch of "game journalists" and not a single one of them recorded any video of the event. They were NOT under NDA, they could take any amount of pictures or videos, but other than a couple photos and instagram clips, there's almost nothing.

On the other hand, I'm not gonna link it, but PCGamersN has written *literally* 9 articles about Artifact in the past 5 hours... really juicing those ad-views. It's basically one fact per article.

This is stupid. Why not invite people who actually care about the games like Tyler (/u/ValveNewsNetwork), instead of people who are just there for the money?

EDIT: Here's the VNN video on the subject. As always, he shares more into in 4m than all those articles combined:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vr9kE7vT1hE

EDIT2: /u/GabeNewellBellevue If you read this, please try to invite a few community members next time.
As in president for black people, not president who is black.
Yep, so many of the plot points felt forced and stupid.

There is literally no reason why the Dimitri (the russian scientist) would snitch on them. He helped them save it and wanted it free, yet he for some stupid reason tells the truth? You're literally about to die anyway, just say any bullshit, he has no way of knowing if it's a lie or the truth. Give fake names, or even better, say that you killed it already.

When a movie has glaring plot holes like this that are there to push the plot forward, I just lose all interest in the movie :\
People in the future are gonna get hella reach making movies and shows about this shit. Hell people are already hitting gold mines with book contracts.
Out of curiosity, do people have statistics of how often previous Presidents held press conferences, and the longest time they each went without one?
Two days later? He literally live tweets Fox and Friends in the morning. 

https://github.com/dfsnow/tt

https://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2018/01/05/trump-media-feedback-loop-216248
I guess a fuck-up, but more the streamer getting fucked up than them fucking up.
I honestly don't know how I feel about his situation. Does anyone have more proof and information? Being on the internet for a long time, I've become very cynical about everything, and it always seemed to me like his content had a lot of staged shit. I'm not gonna go as far as to say he's SWATing himself, but no one gets even close to as many calls as he does.

One thing is sure though, a huge amount of his views come from these events and these dramas around the SWATing, so no matter if he is the one doing it or some other asshole, what they feed on is most definitely the attention. Therefore, it makes perfect sense to stop feeding them with it.
Also both GonewildChubby and Eating_disorders...
Yeah, it started as "fails" and it grew into LivestreamMoments. From the sidebar:

> Welcome to /r/LivestreamFail: the place for livestream wins, fails and fuck-ups. (with the occasional meta post)
Huh, I had forgotten too, mostly because I haven't used a single emoji in the past year. I used them all the time before but not anymore.
Yep, and to justify it, they group porn along with child porn and revenge porn, so that if you fight back, you're a back person...
That's completely untrue. Look at any video of Android P, you can set a Dev option to simulate a notch for testing purposes so you can adapt your app, but that's because it's a Developer version. You can change the size of the notch preview or remove it entirely.

https://youtu.be/pKPmwjVJhq8

Please learn the facts before spreading lies.
Google is working on VPS (visual position service) that allows you to get accurate positioning inside stores, and they want to use it for this eventually: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3tk0yGd090
Also going back require factory reset so you can't just try and dip back easily.
That sentence doesn't really make sense. The UI supports non notch phones just fine, what do you mean?
[Politicians have basically become internet trolls](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qlf6VjRIHMw).

They will say something offensive, and when they get called out on it, they say it was just a joke, but it's already too late since their base have already taken it serious.
These are the core / infrastructure features. Most of these are new APIs and language changes aimed at developers, to get them started on updating their apps.

The more user-facing fancier features are generally announced at Google I/O, including big changes to core Google apps too like Photos, Maps, Assistant, etc. Those are separate from Android to some extent.
Exactly, if phones are going to have a notch, I'd much rather them have a working UI and an API that can be supported by apps, rather than each phone writing their own code and hoping that apps support it.
Probably for notch support.
Yeah, I'd rather have a unified Android implementation and API than 20 different shitty ones made by each different manufacturer that have zero chance of being supported by different apps
They defied the common rumor that it would come out on March 14, so I'm guessing not pie...
What? That sentence literally makes zero sense.

First off, what does Pixel (Google's hardware phone) removing headphone jack, have anything whatsoever to do with Android, their open-source operating system that hundreds of different manufacturers use.

Secondly, there are dozens of manufacturers who are already adding a notch, independently of Google. The issue is that each one of those codes their own "notch support", and soon, we will have a dozen different implementations and buggy app support. By adding support for it, they make sure that there will be only one clean implementation and all apps can support that one API instead of 20 different ones.
I mean, the job of Android as an open platform is to provide tools and APIs for the various manufacturers. If they don't do this themselves, then each of those dozen phones adding a notch will make their own versions, and we will end up with a dozen shitty implementation.

By having Google do it for them, you get a single cleaner implementation. It's not like they can stop manufacturers from having notches, but at least they can make the Android experience cleaner for everyone.
It's nice until you start getting notifications, now they're offset by a clock there...
Absolutely! It'll bring much needed competition and innovation. Right now, android for watches has been very stagnant. This will hopefully be a test-bed for cool new features that maybe incentivise Google to move their ass a bit.
Yep, and they also loop and you are guaranteed that there's no sound. Until messengers add built in support for "no-sound looping video" pseudo-formats (similar to gifv), then we're stuck having to use gifs.
Depends on the browser I believe, gfycat and imgur generally generate both and use whichever the browser supports with smallest size.
To be fair, the coasts are generally more progressive and diverse. I guess in hindsight, people who would go to a sushi place like this would probably be too.
It was fun to see everyone smiling and having a positive reaction. I feel like if this was done in the US, someone would've either stolen the GoPro, started a fight or tried to sue the owner.
Makes sense. No one hangs out outside long in winter, and the extra roads will help with the snow congestion. In the summer, people want to walk around Sainte-Catherine without having to worry about getting hit by a car. You could have activities and other fun things happening in the street and make it a full touristic destination.
Except this wasn't your generic horror movie. It was something completely fresh and different from most movies out there, which is why it did so well and stood out so much.

People keep saying that diversity is valuable, and we're slowly starting to see concrete reasons why. People with different perspectives and worldviews can actually write movies that break the mold and really stand out.
But isn't that exactly what Trump used to brag about, using loopholes to not pay taxes? He said "not paying taxes makes me smart", does that not apply to other businessmen?
The issue is, Youtube has to find the perfect balance of 3 entirely different group. On the one hand, it has to make creators happy by providing them with a fair platform that pays well. On another hand, they have to make viewers happy by showing them content they like. And lastly, they also have to make advertisers happy and worth their money.

Ironically enough, each of the 3 sides think THEY are the one being screwed over, there's literally no winning in this. And let's also not forget that each of these 3 groups are absolutely huge in terms of numbers, making it exponentially harder to manage properly.
I don't know where September comes from, the original Adpocalypse was in late March and was [started by WSJ's attacks](https://www.wsj.com/articles/googles-youtube-has-continued-showing-brands-ads-with-racist-and-other-objectionable-videos-1490380551). Immediately after Youtube had to go in emergency mode and do something extreme to keep all the advertisers from leaving, hence the drop. It could've potentially been much worse.
I mean, browser extensions have had these features for years, but it's nice to have them built in now.
Wasn't that story that his "friend" implicated him because they were in a fight, and they both ended up going to jail for 20 years until DNA evidence cleared them both?

I never really understood that one, James Owens literally did nothing, but the other guy literally gave false testimony and false evidence, yet they got the same punishment... Though at the end the other guy got fucked way harder because he signed a guilty plea, while James Owen may be able to sue back for money.
The intersection of Technology and art is so fascinating. Every time I think we're about to reach a point where there's no way forward with art and photography, I keep getting proven wrong. Another fantastic example were [those curved road drone shots](https://petapixel.com/2017/06/02/shoot-inception-style-drone-photos/).
Sorry, TB still exists I just don't run root anymore though.
A bit ironic that a song about movies that are never represented at the oscars, doesn't get represented at the oscars.
It's funny because it still would've been more entertaining than any of the actual displays. "Hey look, we're gonna do yet another bit where we surprise *normal non-celebrity people* and bless them with our presence. Ha ha aren't we great!".
It's nothing special, it was just yet another Oscars montage of classic movie clips. This one was in the theme of war movies so they had all the classic, and one of the scenes had Matt Damon (I believe Saving Private Ryan).

After the montage, Kimmel comes on and says something like "Sorry for showing Matt damon", as a reference to the joke he has on his own show where he keeps fighting with Matt Damon.

The most low hanging fruit joke, basically.
Worst for me is having to one by one reset all my of 2 factors. I ended up switching to another 2 factor up that allows me to backup the database though. I don't want a web synced one as it defeats the whole purpose for me.
Is that a privacy thing or a security thing?

Google is probably one of the most attacked company, especially by state actors trying to access politician emails and so on, yet they've never had a major breach. Project Zero has also found many major security exploits with huge impact. Google clearly takes security very very seriously.

In terms on privacy, I'd see them wanting your browsing history, but I don't see what they would do with your passwords.
That reminds me, 2018 and we still can't keep the state of our apps on factory reset. I miss Titanium backup.

EDIT: Just to be clear, TB still exists, I just don't run rooted anymore.
Yep, and it often comes down to how you set them up too.

As you mention, by default Lastpass makes you login regularly, though you can disable that and many do. Another really important point is Two-Factor. They both support it, but it's up to you to enable and use it. This is definitely a huge must for security. Having a strong master password also is key for both.

But yeah, in terms of them actually fucking up, it's extremely unlikely for both. Google is probably the biggest target ever, especially by state actors, and the fact that they've never had any major hack goes to show how seriously they take security.
Because he started doing livestreams and memeing online, so that he seemed like a down to earth internet browsing dude. I guess a lot of people related to that and thought they could be rich like him? He would literally stream himself doing some random copy pasting in excel and everyone would think he's a finance genius.
But that's kinda the power of Black Mirror to me, the sheer variety of content.
I'm curious, what would happen if we all went to The_Donald and started voting down bad content and posting/voting more reasonable Donald Trump related content? If your numbers is bigger than theirs, what could they do about that.

I know they can ban you if you post/comment, but if you're only voting, there's no way for the mods to know who voted and to ban them from the sub right?
Eh, Mueller doesn't sound like the kind of person to play games.

It seems more likely to me that they were laying low early and getting as much info as possible, but now they are ready to drop the hammer one by one. Obviously they're starting from the bottom and trying to slowly get people to flip, working their way up one by one.

They basically went from a passive investigative state to the active charging phase. 
Do you have sources it?

For me, the strangest thing is how could he know so much as a simple farmer. Quote from [Brian Moriarty's lecture](http://ludix.com/moriarty/psalm46.html):

> The works attributed to Shakespeare appear to have been written by a man or woman who knew something about just about everything.

> They’re filled with references to mythology and classic literature, games and sports, war and weapons of war, ships and sailing, the law and legal terminology, court etiquette, statesmanship, horticulture, music, astronomy, medicine, falconry and, of course, theater.

> Therein lies the problem.

> How could a farmer’s son of uncertain schooling from a mostly illiterate country village, a man of practically no account at all, wield such encyclopedic learning with so much eloquence and wit, so much wisdom and human understanding?

I don't agree with all the crazy conspiracies, but it seems much more likely to me that it was the pen name of someone else much more educated. That's not an insane claim, to say that someone else wrote the work and put the name of a farmer on it.
Hmm, that seems to be from the same person I'm talking to, and it's also a proof for the main video. I'm discussing here about his proof for the second video.
That's definitely more interesting, and a cool use of python, but I'm still not sure how satisfying of an answer it is. Let's take your first one for example. First, all your relations use 3 numbers instead of 2, almost all of them are numbers that are far apart, and the few I checked are off by quite a bit on the ratio. (385+971)/432 = 3.139

On the other hand, if you look at the image in [my post here](https://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/81zbeg/redditor_mathematically_disproves_conspiracy/dv7e1t9/), the PI constant they find uses 2 lines forming a right angle, and the ratio 710/226 comes up to 3.14159292035, that's accurate up to 6 digits.

So yes, these other arguments definitely do chip away, but they still aren't as conclusive and indisputable as people make it sound. Everyone in the comments saying you completely destroyed it and it's a closed case. Similar to this thread, it feels like no one actually checked how close your ratios were and which lines they corresponded to. Most people on reddit just see your premise and imagine the best scenario.
Ah, thanks. Looks like it came out the same day as the shooting and got buried down more important news.
Just like Chuck Norris jokes, tide pods eating and many other things on the internet, unfortunately.
> Its coincidence or foul play by OP

Merely saying it's coincidence or foul play doesn't make it so. The beauty of mathematical proof is that you can show someone is wrong objectively and quantifiably describe the chances of it being a coincidence.

> Cherrypicking?

For the third time, I'm not defending OP. My issue if more with your supposed "proof". Imagine for the sake of the argument that he had only shown two 3 constants and had stopped there. Your argument would fall flat and fail to show anything whatsoever.

> It is pretty basic combinatorics

These are not discrete, makes no sense to "count" positions. It'd be much clearer to put upper and lower bounds on each constants. Let's do it properly together:

I took the high resolution image from wikipedia and decided to [annotate one of the constants myself](https://i.imgur.com/j199Qkz.jpg).

The two sides from center of the dots, came off to 710px and 226px. That gives a ratio of 3.14159292035... I was honestly surprised myself how well that worked, that's accurate to 6 digits... Probably coincidence but let's continue.

The two periods have radius 7px and 6px respectively. That means the largest ratio you could possibly get is (710 + 7)/(226 - 6) = 3.2, and the smallest would be (710 - 7) / (226 + 6) = 3.1

While those aren't super close to Pi, they also aren't insanely far. Not far enough to be able to fit "thousands" of other famous constants. Hell, I'm not sure you can name a single other famous constant between 3.1 and 3.2.

Another important point is that these are 6 points on the line that all line on perfectly on a circle. People are saying that any 3 (non-linear) points form a circle, but the probability of 6 chosen points are perfectly lining up is far far lower.
What ever happened with that porn start saying she could now divulge all the details since the lawyer had broken the NDA? Still waiting for the juicy details.
> The difference between the largest and smallest values is 0.2

Sure, that may disprove that one, but it still doesn't explain the other 3 which are within 0.01 of each other.

> The OP is the one claiming precision upto 4 decimal places.

I'm not defending OP, like I said, the video is bad, but your math wasn't much better either.

> With the size of the dots in mind there are 809100 ratios available to us.

I'd love to see the math on that one...

> it is guaranteed that you will find some important constants if you keep fishing for them.

These are not "some" important ratios. Ask literally any mathematician to name you the most important constants, and the you'll almost always hear, in order: pi, e, sqrt(2), phi, sqrt(3), sqrt(5)

I just checked and it's almost the exact order given by wikipedia:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mathematical_constant#Table_of_selected_mathematical_constants

> if you keep fishing for them.

This is also no any random page of any random work. If you go to his wikipedia page, that image is literally the one image they use to showcase his work:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Shakespeare#Poems

If he would've wanted to hide something somewhere, it would've been on that page.

EDIT: Just to be clear, I'm not sold on the original video either, but I want more rigorous and proper analysis than what you had to offer.
Is there no term limits there?

EDIT: It was just a question... who downvotes a question?
Am I colorblind, because that tennis ball has hardly any color. Beige at best.
I had to scroll so far to get a comment from someone who ACTUALLY tried to read and understand the "math". It's complete bullshit. His main "proof" is that the values are off by 0.01...

Hell, even if the printer was perfect, the DOT itself which is used to connect lines is at least 0.1cm big, so how do you expect your values to have more than 0.01cm accuracy?
I fully agree that the coordinate part is a huge stretch, but I'm still curious to get a proper mathematician calculate the probability of getting so many mathematical constants out of a random page like that.

This guy's "math" is definitely bullshit, almost as bad as the video he's critiquing.
No one in this thread did. It's complete bullshit, almost as bad as the video he's critiquing. His main argument is that if you reverse engineer the numbers to get the diameter, you get values that differ by 0.01, and therefore are not consistent...

That makes zero sense, because 0.01 IS the [measurement error](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shakespeare_authorship_question), so you do expect them to be off by that much. He forget that these are not perfect measurements, but rather measured off of a writing on a page. Hell, the size of the "dot" being used is bigger than 0.01, so obviously the distances won't be fucking perfect.

Don't get me wrong, the main video itself has its flaws to, but this guys "math" is complete bullshit to anyone who understands basic math.
It's because most of the math is complete bullshit. I love how everyone in this thread just sees numbers and is like "holy shit, that guy got destroyed", yet probably no one here actually understand what he's saying or even took the time to read it. I'm not saying the conspiracy bullshit is true either, but this guys math is pretty nonsense.

For example, he uses the ratios to recompute the diameter of the circle, and finds that they are off by 0.01, and uses that as "proof" that his calculation are not accurate. What?! This person obviously does not understand measurement error. He experts the accuracy to be smaller than the dot on the page. That makes zero sense.
Uh, yes? There are hundreds of historians who dedicated their whole life to the Shakespeare authorship problem. Yes, the person thought of as shakespeare existed, and yes the work was written, but there's plenty of evidence showing that those two things may not be connected.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shakespeare_authorship_question
How can you be perfect up to 0.01, when the dot itself is literally larger than that? Have you ever heard of measurement error? There's a limit to how accurate your measurements can be, which depends on your tools and the thing you are measuring.

Yes, engineers don't know about these constants because they don't come up. I'm a mathematician and I can tell you, phi is literally everywhere. sqrt(2) also has extremely high importance in the history of mathematics. Again, go ask any actual mathematicians to name you the most important constants, and those are what you'll get.
> it accommodates the earpiece and TrueDepth camera for Face ID

Again, like I said, they might not have the tech for FaceID, but they are still making a legitimate use of that space (dual front facing speakers).

> Asus et al have a sizeable “chin” at the bottom of their phones

The chin is an entirely different discussion than the forehead. Chin is much harder to remove. Apple does it by literally wrapping the screen 180 degrees under and putting the driver the other way around. But I don't see how removing the bottom bezel is related to removing the top bezel. 1/2 is still better than 0/2.

> self-evidently motivated by the desire to just look, like an iPhone X.

Again, no. This is them projecting. It's a drive to reduce bezels as much as they possibly can.

> Huawei positions its cameras in the same spot and orientation as on the iPhone

??? So now where you put the camera is also copyable? That's fucking stupid.

> they haven’t even customized their software to account for the new shape of the screen.

That's not an easy task. Even Apple who is so big had plenty of issues.
Where in the article does it say that? All they say is that they make no effort to copy FaceID (yes, that's hard), but they are doing other things with the space, such as putting a front facing speaker, [as shown here](https://i.imgur.com/ekrtUgN.png). Are you saying dual front facing speakers is purely aesthetics?

It's fine if you don't like it. There will be other Android phones without a notch. That's the power of Android, there are so many devices, you can explore all possible variations instead of being locked to a single device like Apple.

I'm entirely fine with people not liking the design, but that's not what these "tech journalists" are talking about. Instead of wasting everyones time repeating the same shit over and over, maybe they should try to come up with a solution for where to put sensors in a bezel-less screen. Right now, the best solution is a notch.

[Notch it off! Why are Android phones copying the worst part of the the iPhone X?](https://www.digitaltrends.com/mobile/why-are-android-phone-makers-embracing-the-notch/)

[Phone makers are rushing to rip-off the worst part of the iPhone X design](https://qz.com/1217228/mwc-2018-clones-of-the-apple-iphone-x-are-everywhere-down-to-the-notch-in-the-display/)

[The iPhone X’s ugliest feature has become fashionable for all the wrong reasons](http://www.trustedreviews.com/news/android-notch-iphone-x-copy-3405708)

[It's official: Android is out of ideas](https://mashable.com/2018/03/01/android-phone-makers-give-up-copy-iphone-x/#7M1qyQO8AaqZ)

[Android notch: iPhone X look-alikes you can buy](https://www.slashgear.com/android-notch-iphone-x-look-alikes-you-can-buy-01521573/)

[Android smartphone vendors copy the striking design from Apple's iPhone X, with mixed results](http://appleinsider.com/articles/18/02/28/bonus-notches-android-smartphone-vendors-copy-the-striking-design-from-apples-iphone-x-with-mixed-results)

[iPhone X Clone Revealed at MWC 2018, and It Even Copies the ‘Notch’](https://www.inverse.com/article/41678-leagoo-s9-mwc-2018)

[Notch in my house: iPhone X copies — not so popular](https://www.phonearena.com/news/Notch-in-my-house-iPhone-X-copies--not-so-popular_id102285)

[China is copying the worst feature of the iPhone X](https://news.vice.com/en_us/article/neq5ng/china-is-copying-the-worst-feature-of-the-iphone-x)

[Phone Makers Are Embarrassing Themselves By Copying Apple’s Ideas](https://www.fastcompany.com/40538575/phone-makers-are-embarrassing-themselves-by-copying-apples-ideas)

I don't understand all the people saying the notch is only there for aesthetic and serves no purpose. It has sensors, and in a few of the cases such as LG, a front facing speaker.

There are so many people asking for dual front facing speakers, but apparently that's not a good enough purpose for a notch?
Exactly. People just blindly say "but what about the chin", they don't realize that getting rid of the chin is extremely hard. Apple literally curves the screen 180 degrees and puts the driver pointing the other way. That's insanely expensive and hard to do.

That doesn't mean that the extra screen space at the top has 0 value...
I basically cannot shop in actual grocery stores because I get nauseated with all the options. You go to buy something as simple as a toothpaste and there's quite literally 50 different kinds. Thankfully internet shopping let's you see some comments and reviews.
I'm sorry but I don't quite follow your proof.

First off, you calculate diameter from the 4 constants and say that you come up with different values, yet 3 of them are accurate up to 2 decimals, which also happens to be the accuracy used in the numbers, so that's to be expected. The only slightly off one is the last that's accurate to 1 decimal, but again, you need to realize that these are lines drawn on a paper, so errors up to 1-2% are to be expected.

I won't try to defend the last part with the coordinates, that part does get a bit out there, but I would like someone to actually calculate the probability of pulling 5+ main constants out of a random page.

And most of these aren't random constant. Ask any mathematician to give you the most popular constants, and the first 4 you hear are Pi, E, phi and sqrt(2).

Don't get me wrong, I don't like stupid conspiracy theories and would love to prove this wrong, but your proof is nowhere as rigorous and solid as you make it sound. I think the better way to approach this is probabilistically.
You've clearly not read too much into the shapespear authorship problem. There are many reasons to believe he actually wasn't a single person, or at the very least not the person we think he was.
It wasn't any page though, it was the cover. I agree that if you try this on thousand of pages it might eventually work. Next up, it wasn't 3 points making a circle, but 6. Also you may randomly find a few constants, but not 10 of them.

Again all of these are possible by chance, but each one lowers the probability of it being random significantly.
What if he's actually been trying his hardest to get fired but whatever he does GOP still won't impeach him.
Are we talking about the same thing? The new creator threshold only impacts people making less then 2.50$ a month. I don't know where you get 250 from.
Any idea, on a large enough scale, will have some support, no matter how stupid. Hell, just look at the number of outright actual nazi's out there. That's not the point. The point of actual democracy is that, similar to evolution and natural selection, better ideas will have the majority and win over time.

Trump being president was NOT a majority idea, period. Yes it sucks that a significant number of people supported it, but it still doesn't make it the majority, and it still goes against what democracy is support so achieve.

Furthermore, we still don't have a proper idea of the scale at which Russian interference impacted the election. Even with the electoral college, the current result could've been flipped by changing less than 100,000 votes. With the 137M turnout in 2016, that's less than 0.1% of the votes. It really is not a stretch to think that the russian's could've had a 0.1% impact on the election.
How is that "so not "fair"?
The bureaucratic cost of having to manage these creators and the extra overload of having to handle ads for them is just not worth it if you're making 1$ a month. They also only do payout when you reach 100$, which is common practice in many places. Lastly, that 1$ isn't going to put food on anyone's table.

Either you're serious about becoming a creator, in which case you'll pass this fairly low bar quickly, or you're just making videos just to share with people for fun, and in that case, it makes no sense for Youtube to spend so much moderating your creator work if you're never going to make any substantial money.

Not bothering with creators that are making 1$ a month isn't "unfair", it's common sense.
It's also that a lot of the actions were twisted because they're bad at thinking critically and looking at a situation from all sides. Take something as silly as /r/TrumpCriticizesTrump. Yes, he's a hypocrite for doing all the things he used to complain about, but it also goes to show he never took a second to understand why those thing existed.

Trump used to shit all over Obama for playing golf, and promised that he'd love the work so much that he would NEVER play golf, yet he does it far more often than Obama. He never even took a moment to imagine that such a work can be very stressful and you do need breaks to step away from it.

Similarly, every time Trump says "no one would've imagined how complicated X actually is", it's him showing that he didn't take the time to properly consider the issue before blindly attacking it.
Well if you want to do it proper, you need to define a lick. You can see in the video how inconsistent he is with the size of his licks.
It's pretty close to 10s, could be a snapchat video which cuts at 10s.
That's not how it works. If you use AdBlock, you're stealing revenue. If you see ads that are not for you, you are stealing revenue.
It's fairly common to have custom prices per country adapted to their economy. Steam for example does it regularly.

You can look at it and think they are getting a much better deal than you but that's not really true. The reality is that their GDP is much lower and that money. For someone making an average wage, it's roughly the same price as you.

EDIT: Worth noting that import taxes and VAT can also play a role, but that's a different discussion. I'm talking about 3rd world countries with vastly lower GDP.


Sure you can not care, but claiming you're not stealing their revenue is a lie.
Or beat up a nurse to get a positive blood test.
Isn't this situation almost exactly what that cop with the Utah nurse that went viral was trying to do?
How much in advance? He sold in October, but knew about it all the way back in June. The announcement was planned for January.

I understand the normal periodic stock sale, but this wasn't his normal amount, it was an abnormally large amount. You don't just sale tiny bits of stock for years, and suddenly sale a huge amount right when something big is approaching.
So just because Apple used a design mean it can never be used by anyone else, even if they have a different (and still valid) reason to do so? That's just stupid.
Again, you're getting more screen space at the top. Sure you may not be able to also get more at the bottom, but it's still more screen space...
Some of the Android phone that are apparently "ripping off iPhone X" actually use the notch to put a speaker up there, instead of Apple's FaceID sensors. So again, it's not only for looks, it has an actual purpose.
So having a dual front facing speaker has no purpose?
[Samsung S9 forehead](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/1532/0057/products/Samsung-Galaxy-S9-G960F-Midnight-Black-Front.jpg?v=1519790391)

[LG notch](https://i2.wp.com/ausdroid.net/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/lg-g7-neo-header.jpg?resize=472,325&ssl=1)
Dual front facing speaker to me justifies a notch.

Also, the tech to lower the chin is a lot harder than lowering the top bezel. Apple's screen actually wraps around at the bottom and the digitizer goes the other way.
They didn't, they both independently came up with the same solution because it's one of the only viable and logical solutions for increasing screen size. It's not copying, it's just the logical way forward until someone can come up with a way of hiding the selfie camera behind the screen.
So increasing screen space / lowering bezels isn't a reason? Isn't that literally the same reason Apple used?

Essential's Notch looked different because they didn't need as many sensors as Apple, but their reasons were the exact same: More screen space.

But now, when other companies do it, suddenly it's not to lower bezels, but it's to copy Apple? That's fucking bullshit. And yes, the LG notch for example is larger like Apple's but that's because it houses a front facing speaker, something neither Essential or Apple does.
"Tech Journalists" Are Embarrassing Themselves By Copying Each other's Titles.

This is like the 50th article making this exact tired point. Who gives a shit, this is one valid way of increasing screen size. Essential and Apple both independently came to it, not because they were copying each other, but because it's necessary to lower bezels.

If you have a better solution, spend your precious journalist time writing about that rather than wasting everyone's time making YET ANOTHER article about how people are copying apple...

EDIT:

[Notch it off! Why are Android phones copying the worst part of the the iPhone X?](https://www.digitaltrends.com/mobile/why-are-android-phone-makers-embracing-the-notch/)

[Phone makers are rushing to rip-off the worst part of the iPhone X design](https://qz.com/1217228/mwc-2018-clones-of-the-apple-iphone-x-are-everywhere-down-to-the-notch-in-the-display/)

[The iPhone X’s ugliest feature has become fashionable for all the wrong reasons](http://www.trustedreviews.com/news/android-notch-iphone-x-copy-3405708)

[It's official: Android is out of ideas](https://mashable.com/2018/03/01/android-phone-makers-give-up-copy-iphone-x/#7M1qyQO8AaqZ)

[Android notch: iPhone X look-alikes you can buy](https://www.slashgear.com/android-notch-iphone-x-look-alikes-you-can-buy-01521573/)

[Android smartphone vendors copy the striking design from Apple's iPhone X, with mixed results](http://appleinsider.com/articles/18/02/28/bonus-notches-android-smartphone-vendors-copy-the-striking-design-from-apples-iphone-x-with-mixed-results)

[iPhone X Clone Revealed at MWC 2018, and It Even Copies the ‘Notch’](https://www.inverse.com/article/41678-leagoo-s9-mwc-2018)

[Notch in my house: iPhone X copies — not so popular](https://www.phonearena.com/news/Notch-in-my-house-iPhone-X-copies--not-so-popular_id102285)

[China is copying the worst feature of the iPhone X](https://news.vice.com/en_us/article/neq5ng/china-is-copying-the-worst-feature-of-the-iphone-x)

I can go on for days.
No, they both came at it independently because it's the logical way forward if you want to lower bezels. So these new phones are doing to for that reason, not to "copy apple".
No, no one is copying anyone. This is the logical conclusion of trying to reduce the bezel while keeping the camera. Essential and Apple actually both got there independently (too close to be a copy).

Sure, you could argue that these newer ones are inspired by it, but they are doing it because it's one of the only ways forward, not because they want to look like some other phone.
He had not sold such a large amount in a long long time. He happens to sell after finding out about a bug that impacts CPUs going back 20 years, 3 months before announcing it.

Give me one reason how this makes any sense at all. If it was the usual auto sale amount, then yes, that's normal, but this was an abnormally large amount. You just can't justify that.
That would actually have been great marketing. Calling them ears does indeed make it sound like you're getting more, rather than having something removed.
I was listening to [The Daily podcast](https://www.nytimes.com/podcasts/the-daily) today and he was doing an interview with Tom Rooney. In the middle of the interview, he just casually says "[...] the NRA has an extremely sophisticated ability to either help you or hurt you from being able to continue to call yourself congressman."

Can we just take a step back and consider how absolutely insane that is? That some association for guns can dictate who gets to be a congressman?
Did anything ever happen to the Intel CEO that sold his stock before announcing the huge exploit?

Or to the Equifax CEO who sold his stock before announcing a huge breach?

As long as they get away without any repercussions, this will keep on happening...
Chuck Norris jokes started as sarcastic, and eventually people started taking and using them seriously.

So many things these days start as a joke, and eventually get out of control when it hits critical mass.
I don't think it's even that. I think the person is reference to Youtube raising the partner bar, resulting in thousands of creators who were making 1-2$ a month getting kicked off.
In term of scale it might not have been huge, but as you mention, these issue already existed, so all they had to do is throw fuel in the fire. It's not that hard with current social media. Just pit one side against the other.

There are quite a few stories digging into it and it was pretty well organized. Organizations with hundreds of people, and millions of dollars put into it.
I don't give them the benefit because I like them, I give them the benefit because that's an extremely stupid move and it makes zero sense.

First off, your "mountain of evidence" is basically one person saying something. Secondly, I'm not saying this specific didn't happen, but I doubt it'd be approved by legal and done at a company scale. It most likely is one employee breaking protocol and doing something stupid.
Or, the current heated political climate is taking its toll everywhere, and Russia's plan to sow discord in America has paid dividends far bigger than they had dreamed of.
Yep, Google a huge corporation with some of the best lawyers. I highly highly doubt they would do something so blatantly illegal. It's just plain stupid any way you look at it.

What's more likely is that they did things within legal reach, such as promoting diverse people to apply, doing sessions at cities and universities with underrepresented population, and reaching out.

Somebody either misinterpreted or misunderstood what was happening, or intentionally twisted words to make it sound it was happening at hiring.
And yet you subscribe to /r/Youtube.
They literally did go after him... Removed prefered ads, canceled his show, even removed his ads for 2 weeks and put him on probation for 90 days (aka videos don't show in any recommendation system).

Yes, they didn't entirely close his channel, but they've literally done any possible punishment short of it.
Didn't he have a tweet shitting on Obama for going through 3 whole advisors?
You can betcha that person has it in their Twitter description.
I like how there's Runescape in the background (well, almost entirely covered). This is some quality gameplay right there. Is it me or Runescape streams are where most of the crazy shit like this happens? At the very least go on IRL and stop pretending to have a game open...
It's almost like different users have different needs, and trying to put it all in a single app leads to a shitty experience... No one in this thread has ever done UX in their life.

Why not take this even further, let's have a SINGLE Google app that literally does all the Google stuff, right? Integrate every single Google app, including maps, translate, youtube, hangout, etc into one giant app. That's definitely a great idea!

I don't understand the need to have unified app. If I only want to voice chat with a friend, then I don't want an app for corporate meetings and all the other shit.

I think the underlying issue they need to fix is having a unified account/contact system. But I don't care if I have to "switch apps" to voice call. Hell they can put a button in Allo that when you video call takes you to Duo.

I don't want to have to download and handle a huge bloated app though.
Are we just including any communication app as a "chat" app? Dialer, Duo, Hangout Dialer, Google Voice and Meet do not belong there. They are not "chat" apps.
I'm not "supporting apple". For one, Essential did it first. And secondly, it's the logical conclusion you come up with when increasing screen size.

1. Get rid of selfie camera/speaker (not realistic)
2. Make a notch
3. Have a big chin
The purpose is more screen space? They're not adding a notch, they're adding more screen by "removing" area, forming a notch. Don't look at it as the notch coming down on the screen, but rather the screen going up on the top area.
Isn't it the other way around? If they want bigger screen and still be able to fit the speaker, they'd need to make a notch.

I don't get why everyone keeps saying "add a notch". They're not "adding" a notch, they're adding more screen. Notch is mostly an issue when the OS doesn't properly support it, but when it does, it's literally just more extra screen space.
Lovers in a Dangerous Spacetime, Humans Fall Flat, Overcooked, Terraria. There's definitely a lot of options, especially when it comes to indie games. I guess in AAA they're getting rare.
Wow, the way it precisely identifies, tags and tracks every object for as far as a football field is mind blowing. Very well made video superposing the sensor data with real life video.

I find it funny when people say Waymo car will get bullied. This thing has so many sensors, Google can sue the shit out of anyone attacking their cars and have gigabytes of sensor data to back up their claims.
Err, no? I'm not sure what your sources are, but that's entirely wrong.

- [They reported variant 1 and 2 on June 1st, 2017 to Intel, AMD and ARM](https://googleprojectzero.blogspot.com/2018/01/reading-privileged-memory-with-side.html), 6 months before the announcement.
- They later found and reported variant 3, before it was [independently "theorized" by a blogger](https://cyber.wtf/2017/07/28/negative-result-reading-kernel-memory-from-user-mode/) in July.
- They have a 90 days policy for exploit publications, but this was one planned to be released on January 9th, giving it more than 6 months.
- It all started breaking loose when [bloggers uncovered the truth from opensource linux kernel patches](http://pythonsweetness.tumblr.com/post/169166980422/the-mysterious-case-of-the-linux-page-table).
- Because of this, Google was forced to announce the news a week sooner than anticipated (but still months after it was discovered)

Read the blog post for more information: https://googleprojectzero.blogspot.com/2018/01/reading-privileged-memory-with-side.html

If you have more accurate information than I'm missing, feel free to point them out.
Remember when Project Veritas tried their harder to get WP to publish something that wasn't true by sending fake victims in there, yet they failed?

Meanwhile, Fox News literally running with absolute fake news and doing literally nothing to verify or double check it. Yet some people still claim these institutions are "equal", or that WP is fake media.
The one thing I can never stand with Samsung camera is how much they smooth out faces. I get that their demographic probably love how "perfect" it makes them look, but I just can't stand it.

I mean, [look at this shit](https://i.imgur.com/2fPg6In.png), all the  detail is gone from his face...
Yep, they released a new enterprise edition last year and many places have been using it since. Here's another;
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WiN6inisuVI
It terms of notch it does, but it has a fairly large bezel at the bottom. I believe it was at 85% screen-to-body ratio, which is close to iPhone X.
Almost, missing a space between () and {
Trust me, use that time to watch literally any other high rated show, you'll feel much better about how you spent your Sunday night. I too once thought I was stuck in the cycle, but it's a classic case of [sunk cost fallacy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sunk_cost).
Looks like I made the right decision when I stopped watching 3 seasons ago. I've honestly never looked back and have been much happier spending that time watching other better shows.
Do what I did, just go back to forgetting and spend that time watching other quality shows out there. You'll thank yourself later. I honestly felt much better about myself after watching a season of Mr Robot or Fargo with the time I would've spent watching that shit.
The issue is that people are still watching no matter how bad it does. Take the comment you're replying to. He's literally saying that watching the show feels like a chore, yet he still continues watching.

I dropped the show as soon as it started feeling a chore, 2-3 season ago, and started watching other quality shows such as Fargo, Westworld and Mr Robot.

I've never been happier. I went from yelling at the screen and rolling my eyes at how fucking stupid characters act, to being excited with every episode and craving the next.
I'm glad I stopped watching After Season 6. Even then, the show felt like a drag throughout most of the season, except the first and last episode. Can't imagine how much worse it has gotten now.

I honestly don't understand how it's still so popular.
For one, stateful hot reload sound like helluva useful feature. You can basically edit the UI and have it show up within seconds, all while keeping the state of the app.
Well you're missing the core issue, which is that before, it was a lot of extra work making two version of the same app, one with Android design, and another with iOS design. Some bigger teams may be able to hand the load, but most just make a single app and call it a day.

This is probably why Flutter was created in the first place, so that teams can make one app, and the framework automatically gives them platform specific look.
Or GBoard
Wasn't that all of 2017, and 2016 for the first part?
It's worth noting that there are many different "implementations" of qubits used by different companies, and Microsoft's is quite out there; it relies in a particle that we don't even fully know exists yet ([Majorana fermion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Majorana_fermion)).

There's an [indepth article from Bloomberg](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-12-11/microsoft-takes-path-less-traveled-to-build-a-quantum-computer) from a month ago, and WSJ also had [a good podcast on the subject](http://www.wsj.com/podcasts/the-age-of-quantum-computing-is-almost-here/381FB9AC-4B65-4267-9E57-582889D3F716.html).
I really wish there was a space between () and { though. That alone doesn't let me pick the second option.
Yeah this is such an unfair comparison.
No camelCase, poor spacing, random ass } at the end of the line?!?

Also, what none of these examples ever take into account is that there's a balance with how spaced out your code is. Too compact and it's unreadable, but too expanded and it's also difficult to follow, especially if it's a large code chunk.
So?! Which will it me?

*prepares pitchfork*
Yep, we've all fucked up in our younger years, and paid the cost. This isn't Google's fault if you didn't properly read the documentation decided to play around in something you didn't understand.

Yes, it sucks, but your life isn't ruined. You'll work a little and learn from your mistakes. If anything, this is a great life lesson.
Wouldn't Youtube encoding add some noise and artifacts?

EDIT: Also wouldn't higher framerate maybe lead to different anti-aliasing, if they use temporal aliasing.

It's also worth noting that the video is uploaded 1080p60, but OpenGL doesn't even run at 60 so you may be getting different frames.
Again, I fully agree with that, but I don't see how it's ironic with their NN stance.
Isn't that also a pretty top school, and the out-of-state tuition?

What would be the cost for in-state and average level school? Aka what a normal person would pay.
I'm confused by the argument here. I am probably on your side and I believe The_Donald should be gone (because they have indeed broken the ToS), but I don't think you understand the meaning of irony.

Wouldn't it be the opposite, allowing certain groups you like to stay and "slowing down/stopping" groups you dislike?
It used to be, but Chrome is a browser for the general public. The majority of people using Chrome are not power users like us. Even I have accidentally muted tabs while trying to move or close the tab and was confused for a second. I can't imagine how some old grandma accidentally muting the tab would feel.

Right click to mute feels like a saner UX to me. Sure it isn't as accessible as having it right there, but honestly, how often do you mute a site that you need it so close?
I guess this would explain why Youtube's Valve channel just randomly posted [a video of Dota 2 running on Vulkan vs OpenGL](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IwFC1NXsSZM) 2 hours ago. That's a pretty significant FPS boost though!
Yup, shifted hand typing. His right hand was offset.
Yeah, I don't think people realize how much work it is to be a top Olympic athlete. Your sport is your full time job, if not more. Multiple sessions a day, 5 days a week if not more, every week of the year. You don't become a medalist, aka top in the whole world amongst 7.6B humans, simply by doing it as a hobby.
Three for one, it also takes a dig at all the people mocking him about his India trip.
All three parties*
That's why most services are going multicloud, and also why apple is using Google (alongside AWS). If one goes down, they'll still be up.
Yes and no. These infrastructures already existed, but when big companies like Google and Amazon saw how much work they were spending on their own infrastructure, they realized it would be smart to save others the pain of going through all that.

Don't get me, these are definitely very smart people, but all big companies have them. But now, less and less companies need them since they can just rent the infrastructure.
Forgot the best one, about [how the energy of the human body is "finite" and exercising depletes it faster...](https://www.washingtonpost.com/national/health-science/trump-thinks-that-exercising-too-much-uses-up-the-bodys-finite-energy/2017/05/12/bb0b9bda-365d-11e7-b4ee-434b6d506b37_story.html)
Nah, the best one is about how human body energy is like a battery, and the more you exercise, the more you deplete it. That's the excuse he uses for never doing any exercise, and that's why he claims he's super fit.
Have you looked at every single partner channel on Twitch, and gotten a collection of every single butt emote that was accepted/rejected, or are you working purely off of anecdotal evidence?

I just tried to get real data points myself. I went to [TwitchEmotes and searched butt](https://twitchemotes.com/search?query=butt), opened ~10 emotes that were butt-like and looked at the channels. Maybe I got really lucky, but out of the 10 I opened, it was a 4-6 spread. Small sample but it seems fairly balanced to me.

If you have a larger sample or more accurate data to prove your point, I'd be happy to see it, but so far it seems like a lot of talk and very little evidence.
Just found out this is a teaser out of his upcoming LP, "All That Must Be", coming out in March. Very excited for it.
Jokes aside, they've been done in many places and it's been shown they are cost effective.

https://www.vox.com/videos/2017/7/3/15914648/wildlife-crossings-roadkill-highway-design
I agree, consistency is definitely twitchs biggest problem, though it is not as easy and straightforward to be consistent across thousands of partners with thousands of human moderators.

The best part is that the same flip flop happens with youtube, with people moving over to twitch blaming Youtube for not moderating correctly... 
Yep! U was afraid of that too but the script was pretty painless. Though you may need to know how to use the command line and you have to pass it two arguments (path to resume.dat from utorrent and path to bt_data from qbit).

You close both, run the script, takes 30s, then you open qbit and it's all there. You will need to do your options to set ports, queues and default folders though if you had any. 
I don't have a full list but I quickly checked all of mine and many of them had announcements about it. Highly recommend checking the homepage of yours to make sure if you're affected. 
That's what I find funny. Half the time people complain that there's a double standard where large streamers get special treatment because they're large. The other half of the time people complain that small streamers get away with things because they're too small for admins to give a shit.
Absolutely, I don't mind a (manual play) video, but there needs to be text too. Video only is stupid, not everyone is in a place where they can listen to audio or have headphones on them.
My only issue so far is relocating files, but there's many other things that are much better. For one, you can actual search/filter torrents, which is something I honestly can't believe uTorrent didn't have...
Many of the big trackers have already started, including RED and PTP.

I just moved to qBittorrent and I'm not looking back. It's a decent program, opensource and getting more updates/features constantly.

There was [a script that easily and quickly converts your resume.dat file](https://qbforums.shiki.hu/index.php/topic,3224.0.html), worked flawlessly and I was moved over in a few minutes. RSS is a bit more tricky and I don't think the support for loading uTorrent rss.dat is there yet. I just manually moved since mine was small.
Err, why is this post / comments about GazelleGames, this seems like a pretty serious exploit for anyone on any tracker running utorrent.

The exploit was found by Google's Project Zero, and they don't fuck around. They are the ones who found the two huge CPU exploits last month (Spectre/Meltdown), as well as many other major exploits that had massive consequences.

https://threatpost.com/utorrent-users-warned-of-remote-code-execution-vulnerability/130030/

EDIT: Just to be clear, if you are running uTorrent 2.x, immediately turn off `net.discoverable` and make sure WebUI is turned off. Also, it seems like most trackers are phasing out uTorrent 2.x since there's no way to verify if a user has applied the fixes.
He's a good dog, brant!
As a Canadian in the US, I was disappointed to find out you can't watch the olympics legally here without a cable package. Such a shame, made me miss my home country.
Even sorted by controversial, I couldn't find a single comment about the fact that a picture of some random guy getting a random dog is literally at the top of /r/pics 

I mean I've seen my fair share of unimpressive mundane pictures, but at least they generally had semi-interesting stories. This is just "I wanted to get a dog, so I did". ok?
Well this is way way in the future so who knows what happened. Maybe a shitload of people were put in on. Or maybe these are just the receptacles and they want to put someone in there?
It's not like this a reply to a whole stupid memo that the Republicans fucking started or anything...

"How dare you waste time and take attention away from Russia to correct our lies and misdirection!"
And as far as we know, the information in there has been pretty solid and none of these people complaining about it have been able to actually refute the claims made. They're just upset at the content, not at the validity.
This is why I always watch my videos on chromecast... It's the only way to queue up videos.

Watch later is not quite the same, it's a more long term solution and doesn't auto clear which can be a pain in the ass, having to manually remove them. 
AAA literally organizes sessions to help people stop drinking and comes up with ways to reduce alcoholism. 

What had the NRA ever done to combat school shootings? 
They actively promote guns to kids that are too young to even buy alcohol. 
But you're not and they're not. There's no money that goes from you to the NRA or from Google to NRA.

Correct me if I'm wrong, but my understanding is that NRATV is a free online stream anyone can access.

Its like claiming Google is supporting twitch streamer X because you can access their streaming through casting twitch.  There is no business partnership between them.

I fully agree with any company that ends their partnership with the NRA, such as Delta or Enterprise, but this is just a random internet stream. You can't support net neutrality and also want to take down someone's site. 
I don't think it was any teddy bear though. I was under the impression that it was the same bear as the other episode, with the human soul inside the bear. Maybe im over thinking it.

Either that or it's to show they died for a trivial pursuit. 
This whole thing is so stupid though. There's literally 17 people who have died and we need to have serious discussions as a society about important subjects. Meanwhile time is being wasted arguing about one person claiming they were forced to ask a specific question as some random townhall. Who gives a fucking shit?! Why is this an actual controversy? Just ask all the other people at the townhall.
I don't know much about the 2 years after, I stopped playing the game and I'm not caught up with where they are at.

But about the development time before, again, their "target" was entirely different. The way you design mechanics, the server architecture and features depends entirely on the audience size you're planning for. It doesn't matter how much time you had if you were working on entirely the wrong problem to start with.

And once it has started, trying to redesign everything from scratch isn't an easy task, they basically have to start from scratch.
I never understood the attacks on media as a source of violence. The whole world has the exact same movies and games. Some are even worse, have you seen shit like [Battle Royale](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0266308/)?

It can't be population size either, US is less than 5% of the world population, and for individual countries, China and India both have 5x the population of US.

So if movies and video games were the problem, why is it that school shootings don't happen anywhere else in the world, at least nowhere as often as in the US. You'd expect that for each US shooting, there would be 19 other shootings around the world, statistically.

Making content at scale is not easy. It's not only "server issues", the problem is scale. Making something that works with literally millions of users is not easy from an engineering point of view. It's a whole other world to develop for that many people, especially for a team / codebase that was not designed for it.

It's like taking a bakery that makes 10 cakes a day, and suddenly asking them to suddenly make 1000 cakes a day. Even if they hire 100x more people, they still won't be able to meet that demand since there's many other bottlenecks in the system. The infrastructure, the tooling, the ingredients, the administration of handling so many workers/clients, etc.
I recommend listening to today's edition of [The Daily podcast](https://www.nytimes.com/podcasts/the-daily) (Feb. 23).

They go into how not all of these shooters technically have a proper mental illness (schizophrenia, bipolar, etc). Most of them are just angry, depressed and disillusioned, which are things that can't really be tagged with "mental illness", so even if we did block people who were diagnosed, a lot of people would still get through.

Though, general mental health is a bigger umbrella for mental illness, and in general doing more to help youth mentally is important.
The latter part of my comment is why. With a big enough sample size, you can give rough approximations for these numbers, and what people have found seem to match the given numbers.
Sure, but what I'm saying is I don't see how any of that is relevant to them tweeting about black creators and people supporting them. Those are two entirely separate issues, and this tweets implies they are related.
Also, most of these are power user features, and wouldn't really be UX friendly for new users. It's similar to RES and how they stay independent.

More features isn't always better, especially for new users who don't quite know how the site works.
Can someone explain to me what any of these companies have to do with NRA? I understand a company advertising on a TV channel, but how does it make sense for there to be a discount on a car rental using your membership for rifle association...? Even stranger is FedEx, do they ship you your guns or something?
I mean, to be fair, isn't it a bit of a strange deal to start with, getting a car rental rebate if you have an NRA membership...? I don't really see the correlation between the two. It's like if you could get free bus tickets using your McDonalds loyalty punch card.
Found the osu! Player
That's more or less what I'm getting at. Unless they have different rates in China than the rest of the world, these are the real rates.

Either way, there's quite a lot of grassroot projects collecting user data and empirically calculating percentages for loot drops in almost any big game, and as far as I know they've always matched the published chinese rates, so it's a pretty safe assumption.
I mean, they better be the real deal, because they are doing to to abide [to a chinese law](https://www.theverge.com/2017/5/2/15517962/china-new-law-dota-league-of-legends-odds-loot-box-random). It's not like they're doing it out of the kindness of their heart. If they posted fake numbers, I'm sure they could be in a lot of shit if caught.

There has been people arguing that they could technically change the numbers outside of China and not get in trouble, but that'd be a whole other level of scuminess. I think it's pretty fair to assume they're real.
Yeah, Trump probably can't do shit, but you want wanna fuck with Russians. They probably would hurt his family and close ones if he flipped.
Question, the release is for public access, but would someone like Mueller have access to those documents reguardless if he releases them or not?
Man this is why I love reddit. You'll find the stupidest yet greatest subreddits. I uploaded one of the original HD versions of Strobe to Youtube (I believe it's the second result if you search Strobe), and oh boy were the comments on that just like that subreddit. I had to entirely abandon that Youtube account after that.
Also i18n and a11y
Wrong video? That's OPs video.

EDIT: The right video
https://www.cnn.com/videos/politics/2018/02/22/gun-town-hall-marco-rubio-nra-money-sot.cnn/video/playlists/stoneman-douglas-parkland-shooting-cnn-town-hall-gun-debate/
Just listened to this in the morning. The interviews with the Americans were really fascinating. Basically saying "You have no proof, I wasn't manipulated". Though the last one at least was a bit more reasonable.
Yeah, cash bail never made sense to me.

"I know you potentially killed someone, and if gone free, you could do it again, but hey, if you're rich, you can do whatever you want!"

See: Robert Durst
This is only on mobile share, sadly. I wish there was an easy way to do it on desktop. Maybe an extension?
Yeah, the original comment is underselling it with "Russian assasination conspiracy". It actually turned into the reveiling of the Russian olympic doping scandal, one of the biggest sports scandal. The fact that Russia had state sponsored doping with dozens of athletes cheating to "win" the olympics is a huuuuuuge scandal. The way the documentary "accidentally" stumbles into it all is insane.
Are people actually liking the show? I'm a fan of Joel and Community is my favorite show of all time, but I honestly couldn't even sit through the full episode of this.

The only fun part of the episode was the behind the scenes part. Everything else felt like a generic Youtube show, like something RayWilliamJohnson would make.

Maybe it's not targeted at me (honestly I didn't even know 90% of the people he was covering), or maybe I went with the wrong expectations (I thought it would be competing against John Oliver's show), but I was really disappointed with what I saw :\
I was really confused by this too. Hell, just the fact that the original article didn't have it is very strange to me. You're literally writing an entire article about a video, and you're not even gonna show it?
The first link was a database of exploits. 

Point is, bug and exploits happen in both. iOS isn't some privacy heaven. Hell, I'd argue that with Android's granular permission control, you have far more power over your privacy.
To plays devil's advocate, posts like this comparing images can very easily be biased. It's been shown countless time that you can take the exact same event, and capture a single moment in a photo that shows someone in a good or bad light.

I think what's more important are words and actions. Not you getting a photograph of someone smiling or being sad, maybe out of context. I'm sure if you looked at the full footage of Obama there, you may have been able to catch him smiling at some unrelated thing for one second, and spun that into something it wasn't.

Images don't tell full stories. And it's not like we don't have enough to work with looking at his actions and words.
What about the time Apollo astronauts brought dollar bills or stamps to the moon to make a profit reselling them?

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apollo_15_postage_stamp_incident
That sentence made no sense.

Sounds like you're agreeing with me?
The pixel does all sorts of smart things to extend battery life.

[Look at this for example.](https://www.xda-developers.com/google-pixel-2-xl-charging-speed-functionally-capped/), It starts at 10V but exponentially slows down once you get close to 100%. This seems silly but I'm sure that long term (2-3 years), this will have a huge impact on your battery life. This temperature thing is probably another safeguard.

I don't see why the phone has to tell you every small optimization it uses... Especially the Pixel line that is meant to be a premium "just works" mainstream brand, similar to iPhones.
I'm fairly sure Pixel 2 has enough safe guards in place that you shouldn't worry. The temperature is one, another is that it'll slow down when it gets to ~70%, because that's where the battery generally gets damaged, and if you're quick charging, it's usually for the 10-60% range.
So just because they post a tweet means they're not working on fixing bugs and adding new features? And the people posting tweets and promoting creators are obviously the same people who write code I guess?

I agree that they need to fix a lot of shit, but this tweet is stupid and makes no sense. If you disagree with who they are trying to promote, then say so. Don't like to pull some bullshit excuse that makes literally no sense.
Horizon Zero Dawn had a great talk at Siggraph about their cloud rendering:

https://www.guerrilla-games.com/read/the-real-time-volumetric-cloudscapes-of-horizon-zero-dawn

They did a follow up last year also:

https://www.guerrilla-games.com/read/nubis-authoring-real-time-volumetric-cloudscapes-with-the-decima-engine
They also say something that sounds very Quebecois at the end.
Lock him up!
Did they? Anyone who owned the original game ended up owning both games, no? And we still don't know if Fortnite may split as some point or not. They're in the same situation where the two games are pretty different and people wanting one don't really want the other. Even if they don't charge people, they may still want to split it into two different games for the sake of branding, updating and download size.
Is no one going to mention H1Z1?

They did literally the same pivot as Fortnite. They first made a survival game. Then added a little BR mode, and seeing how popular that got, entirely shifted focus to the BR. Going as far as splitting the game in two.


As the article says, the issue here is that Iran is having a really hard time updating its fleet due to sanctions. The plane was just really old since they weren't allowed to purchase new ones. 
I mean the sanction is on any business, in this case buying plane parts.

But let's be honest here, plane safety is probably the least damaging thing. Sanctions in general squeeze the population exponentially more than the actually people in power. Do you think Kim Jung Un isn't living his perfect life? It's his people who are starving and dying every day.
Sadly, it's not that simple. While Obama worked hard to strike a deal and lift sanctions, Trump now is threatening to not sign the waiver extending the deal every 6 months.

This means that the country is in a constant state of uncertainty, meaning they have a really hard time making long term deals with any external company. Let's be honest, would you risk a 5 year deal with a country that may get sanctions again any moment? With Trump being so unpredictable and erratic, it's a very risky thing to do. 
Also, if you actually read through the indictments, you can see that early on (as in around 2014), their "goal" was mostly to create discord and pit both sides against each other. As time passed, they added the rule of "don't target Trump and Bernie" (since they were the most controversial figures) and finally they honed in on Trump as they saw he would bring the most drama.
Adams Scott's beard in that movie on the other hand...
Also in hindsight, we know that Russians had a state sponsored doping program that year and dozens of their athletes were caught cheating...
I wasn't commenting on hl3 being made, I was commenting on the story getting leaked. 
To be clear, battery has been getting bigger and bigger, but so have screens, that's why phones still last roughly a day. At the end of the day, your screen is the biggest battery drain. Everything else gradually becomes less and less important.
Location services is something you have to give to apps individually anyway now that Android has granular controls, and you also see it in your status bar when an app accesses it.
Eh, it was a fanfic story written by one of the original writers, most likely as a troll. Nothing confirmed that it was the actual story, or that even was one ever.
Yep, and a lot of phone cameras do similar kind of boostings, or used to at least. I'm glad cameras like Pixel and others are focusing more on natural stuff. Samsung for example always smooths the shit out of faces and drives me crazy.
If you disagree with the purpose of Black History Month, then sure, argue against that. Otherwise, this seems quite in line with what the whole event is trying to achieve.

It's not saying "don't subscribe to anyone else", and I agree, put this way (for the purposes of the poem), it feels crude and silly. But at the end of the day, the whole point is just to promote african american culture and history.

Promoting something doesn't take away from other things. If I say something nice about a man, I'm not being sexist. If I systemically only say good things about men, then yes. Promoting black creators on a specific occasion though is a whole other story.
I mean, it's the first time as far as I can tell that people have come up with a way to photograph a single atom using a normal photon-based camera (aka, not using an electron microscope).

Sure, it's not a scientific achievement in the sense that it'll change how science is done, but it is still an impressive feat.
Yep, you can see they're connected to Chromecast. Fairly certain someone else without red added a video.
Can we agree though that this was a much welcomed change overall? Before this, the wishlist was basically unusable without extensions, now it's far superior.
I liked how he was rolling on a hoverboard on most of those shots (sliding across with no leg movements).
Also, there's a difference between "terrorist" and "terrorist organization". For example, ISIS often tries recruiting strangers with mental health issues to do the dirty work for them.

Similarly, NRA riles up and militarizes people and sends them towards people who disagree with them. In other word, they are an organization that facilitates and encourages terror.
Traditionally yes, bigger hardware lead to better sound.

Newer speakers are slowly starting to bend that though. By using software, beamforming and machine learning they are able to use reach results that go beyond what was traditionally possible.

That being said, both Google and Apple do this. Also Google Max is 50$ more expensive, so I'm not sure how fair this comparison is.
Yeah, this paragraph alone sold the game for me. I'm always delighted to see gamedevs bending the rules and expectations.

EDIT: Err, it's a 60$ game, maybe not.
While this is a better way of visualizing things, I think it undersells how impressive it is that India has 0 execution, considering the population size is equal to china.
Isn't anyone who brings terror a terrorist? Are you gonna argue that the people in that school were not terrorized?
Yep, and it's only the start of that chip. The camera app itself doesn't yet use it, but you can tell that Google is going to start using it more and more, making your phone better over time. Similar to how Pixel 2 updates were sent to Pixel 1, in the future when they make new features for Pixel 3 that heavily rely on PVC, pixel 2 will be able to get them too.
Take the Pixel camera for example. People may not realize, the as amazing as the original Pixel camera was, it has actually gotten much better over time with software updates. I believe all the software changes that Pixel 2 camera got also came to Pixel 1.
Again, I think you're being a little unfair. There are literally 150 supported networks... If your boss limited you to 150 fairly popular store, I'm sure you'd do just fine. And as far as we know, it's not like they limit out of malintent, it's just that adding support takes engineering time.

To follow up on #1, it's worth noting that AMP is also opensource, and if your favorite network isn't there, you can always try to [add it yourself](https://github.com/ampproject/amphtml/pull/13461). Of course Google *could* deny it, but I'm sure if they blatantly denied some network, we would've heard it from all the AMP haters out there.

And just to be clear, I'm all for skepticism and open debates like this, I think they're important. What I did not like is the blatant misinformation and misdirection that was in the original post

> "let us display it with **our** advertisements?" - Google

That's not healthy skepticism, yet I get downvoted to hell and they'll continue circlejerking on their misinformation...
Then don't be silent and use your position to fight him, instead of resigning and giving up. I don't get all these Republicans resigning... How does that help anything?
"We could step up and use our position of power to fight back Trump and stand for our values, instead we just resign and let others deal with it because we're cowards."
No?

You choose [the analytic](https://www.ampproject.org/docs/reference/components/amp-analytics) and [the ad network](https://www.ampproject.org/docs/reference/components/amp-ad). Sure, it has to be one of the supported one, but if you look at the list on the pages I linked, there are hundreds supported, most of which are not Google owned. Please research the subject because spreading lies.
No?

[AMP supports hundreds of ad networks](https://www.ampproject.org/docs/reference/components/amp-ad) (scroll to the bottom), many of which aren't Google owned. Also, why do you have ads in your emails in the first place?
1. Google approved != Google owned. You said "Our" advertisement. A lot of those networks listed are not Google ads.

2. If your ad network is not yet supported, you're free to keep using non-AMP emails.

3. The list is also constantly growing, I'm sure supporting 100 different network isn't trivial work.
But this is /r/Youtube and it's much easier to put a tin foil hat on than actually try to look at the evidence. 
What does amp have to do with ads? Do you even know what amp is? 
If you too, like me, had hard time believing this was a real tweet:

https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/347191326112112640?lang=en

Had to check for myself, it looked way too fake and ridiculous.
> In Windows 10 Creators Update and later you can capture a part of your screen using a keyboard shortcut – Ctrl+Shift+S.

http://www.thewindowsclub.com/snipping-tool-capture-screenshots-windows-8-tips

Beforehand, it used to be a OneNote feature so if you used that, maybe you had it earlier. But now it's built in Windows 10 itself.
Yeah, while it started as for streaming, it is a powerful and very solid program. The studio version is multi platform which is rare for programs like this, and it has fantastic support for all sorts of hardware.

Its surprising its so unknown considering millions of people use it for streaming and are making so much money. If only they donated back even 0.1% of their earnings, obs would be rich. 
I meant the keyboard shortcut, not snipping tool. 
I'm talking about the keyboard shortcut. 
Yeah, it's honestly underrated, though to be fair, it's fairly new compared to other software in this thread. The part about it that's amazing for non-streamers is just being able to record your screen or webcam.

A few years ago, the best way to record your screen was crap like Fraps or Camtasia. As for Webcam, there literally was no clean way of doing it other than the proprietary webcam software. It was honestly mind blowing to me that apps like MSN or even your browser could capture your webcam, but there was no clean software to record it!

OBS is clean, free, opensource, and actually pretty fucking powerful. 
It's fairly new, only a few months old. It was part of the Creators windows 10 update I believe.

Edit: to be clear, I mean the keyboard shortcut. 
Err, they do on github domain. I meant for custom domains.
Google AppEngine recently added support for this. With one click you can get Let's Encrypt SSL. Actually I think it's on by default now?

Now if only GitHub Pages added support.
Yep, for me, the fact that a big chunk of that money is actually going right back into Trump's own pocket is far more serious than him wasting taxpayers money. 

In the latter, at least you could argue that the money is going back into the economy. But right now, the more he wastes time golfing, the richer he gets. Literally taking money out of taxpayers pocket and putting it in his own.
Fantastic interview. I think it's important to assume good intent. I often get sad browsing this subreddit seeing how nasty and negative some of the comments are. The top post right now is straight up calling Youtube liars. People coming up with all sorts of conspiracy theories; I recently got caught up in a thread of people convinced that Youtube intentionally sent Logan Paul notifications because they needed to recoup the money they lost...

It's mind boggling how absurd some of these allegations are. I'm not saying Youtube is perfect, far from that. But if we work from the assumption that they are the enemy, then we're not getting anywhere. I love Casey's approach here, very productive and constructive.
Definitely agree, would love to see creators such as PhillyD, one of the Vlog Brothers, or some from the science side (brady, derek, destin, etc). I think it's important to do these with a wide variety of creators to reach different corners of Youtube.
It's not so much that RSS is a dead technology, but there was and still are many other fantastic RSS readers out there. There's is nothing special or unique to an RSS reader. Any programmer worth their salt can code one in a week or two. It doesn't take Google to run an RSS reader...

That engineering time is much more well spent on something that only Google can pull off.


A third of those are so small and obscure that almost no one would even recognize the name of, another third has had solid replacements, even if you don't agree with that.

Yes, in absolute value, companies like Apple, Amazon or Facebook may have less deprecated products, but if you look at the full list of Google products, relatively, those handful of products you list are a very small percent of the overall things Google has worked on.

When you have 10x more products, you'll also potentially have 10x more deprecated products. Google just does so much more than any companies out there. You just listed 15 deprecated Google products, you probably can't even list 15 total Apple products.

At the end of the day, I would much rather a company experiment and makes all sorts of cool new things (think Project Loon, Verily's spoons, PhotoScan, Art selfies, etc). Furthermore, I'd much rather then focus their time on expanding on the good products, than wasting their time maintaining a product that is neither innovative nor unique such as Google Reader.

Any programmer can code a Reader clone in a weekend, and many have. It's the innovation that matters. It's putting engineering time in a place that's valuable and pushes software and technology forward. If they had maintained all the products you list above, we would've had far fewer world changing products that we do now. I just named you 5 fascinating ones off the top of my head above, can you name me the last innovative product Apple or Facebook made?

And people often bring up not being able to count of Google. But out of the products you list above, how many were truly things people depended on? Reader is probably the biggest one, but even that had many clones that were just as good.
I was watching some double figure skating on Saturday and Canada crushed everyone. Was that not a gold medal? Or was there more to come

Edit: wait, is it one medal for all skating events together? 
Again, it'd unintuitive to  you because you're used to the last one. If you compare them side by side, they're probably just as confusing to a new user. 
Yeah I much prefer it too. Before my friend's stories were mixed with these clickbait tabloid bullshit news (most of the time Kardashian stuff or half naked models). Now I never have to look at the right side again.

Yes, it's a bit confusing at first to mix stories and snaps, but it's not the end of the world. 
I don't get it. Google has hundreds of fantastic apps that have existed for decades, as beautiful showcased in this blog post, but just because they've deprecated one or two small apps like Reader, suddenly they're entirely unreliable. This is some reddit circlejerk I can never understand.
I need an extension to disable those new fucking trailers on the frontpage that are loud and annoying... Who thought that was a good idea?
It's mostly bullshit lawsuit that they know they will lose, but the point is to waste time and delay Fiber as much as possible.
Sure, here's some reading material:

https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20160314/09374733901/isps-are-blocking-google-fibers-access-to-utility-poles-california.shtml (ever found it strange that Fiber isn't available in Google's own backyard, sillicon valley? This is why)

https://consumerist.com/2016/09/20/comcast-att-try-again-to-stall-google-fiber-in-nashville-by-writing-law-to-slow-it-down/

https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2017/11/att-and-comcast-win-lawsuit-they-filed-to-stall-google-fiber-in-nashville/
Oh I didn't mean to say it was his fault. This is all actually long before his time. Fiber started in 2010 so this has been going on for almost a decade.

What I was referring to is Ajit Pai's dismissable of the problems. He claims that there's currently no issues with broadband competition and americans have plenty of choice when it comes to options, which is a total lie.

His claim on net neutrality only holds if competition exists, which it doesn't.
It's not about fear, Comcast and AT&T are literally doing anything in their power to slow Google down to a crawl. Even if they lose the lawsuit, they will have delayed Google by a few years.

Every time Google requests poll access to install their wires, these companies usually have 60 days or something to do it, and they wait until the last allowed day.

They use all the dirty tricks in the book to waste time and delay Google as much as possible. Thats why in the past few years, they only been able to reach a handful of cities... These things are slow as it is, but with huge fucking monopolies weighing on you, it's almost impossible even for a company as big and powerful as Google.

Now imagine how it would be for small independent companies... Competition my fucking ass Ajit Pai. 
Yep, that's how these sarcastic jokes always end up. Remember Chuck Norris jokes? Or more recently tide pods? People are too stupid to understand sarcasm and jokes. 
I don't get it. People keep posting this every month. The Steam app is like 80% a web view onto the Steam website. The websites can get improved without the app receiving an update. The store for example has seen changes in the past year.
You get the same error on CBC website. You can't stream videos outside of Canada (without vpn)
For Logan, they cut his ads. For Cody's lab, wasn't it for making gun powder? And I believe Logan got a strike for the suicide forest video too, but accounts only get suspended once you hit 3 strike so to us there's no visible hit.
True, I'm guessing that's also only professional. It was just strange to see the difference between the different sites. But yeah we'll have to wait for the movie to officially open.
Well the original source is paywalled, but does say that it's a "streaming" service. And it does make much more sense for Google to make something using its cloud service, than try to make an actual console that competes with Sony/Microsoft...
Amazing video, thanks for sharing.
Yeah, it's also pretty clear that these people have been doing these for a long time, and that every episode or even scene follows a very similar pattern so I'm sure they have it all memorized down to milliseconds. So the people can press the buttons perfectly on time.
Very common for foreign names. Take something like the arabic honorific "Seyed". [Wikipedia literally lists 10 different english spellings.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sayyid).

When people immigrate, they often write their name whatever way they want, and this leads to multiple variation existing simultaneously.
Sorry, I meant compared to Youtube. Though Twitch has definitely grown very rapidly in the past year, it still is getting around 15m active viewers, whereas Youtube is more of the scale of 1.5b, so that's a 100x difference. It may not seem like much, but moderation becomes an entirely different kind of game once you enter in the billions.

This is what the Twitch change is preparing for, and it'll definitely get much more rough as it grows bigger and bigger.
Jokes aside, I've always found it hilarious seeing people flock to Twitch after the Youtube moderation drama. For one, Twitch has always been known for awful and inconsistent moderation, but that aside, it's still a tiny site. As the site scales up, it'll run into the exact same issues as Youtube, and honestly, as bad as Youtube can be, I still have far far more confidence in Google engineers solutions to the issues than whatever joke of engineers work at Twitch.

The bigger Twitch gets, the worse this is going to get. Whoever thought it would be smooth sailing on this side must've been really naive.
I've heard similar stuff, which is the reason I went back to visit family in 1396 before the new year. From what I understand, the process is changing and the stamp will no longer work. You will have to buy your military service. I'd like to see more information too but yeah it's not looking good.
Take this with a grain of salt, but I've heard a conspiracy saying the traffic was partly worsened by the government so that people have less time to worry about their other issues. If you spend all day stuck in traffic, you don't have time to do other sort of propaganda work. Has anyone heard anything similar? 
But Imdb has it as 6.7, which is pretty low. That's what I don't get.
I mean, that's literally been every single cloud gaming service so far for the past 10 years, so nothing new here.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cloud_gaming
I'm confused. On the one hand, the article says this is a [cloud-based game streaming service](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cloud_gaming) (Similar to [GeForce Now](https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/geforce/products/geforce-now/)). On the other hand, they say they are building a console to compete against playstation/xbox. These are two very different things.

That being said, if they are making the former, they don't really need to build communities. And they do definitely have the cloud business to pull off proper low-latency game streaming, that's for sure.
What keyboard do you use?
I love MX player's UI and controls. The one thing that drives me nuts is that you have to manually download and install the decoder for your CPU, and once they get outdated, it *refuses* to work until you update them.

The problem is that I have a tablet I only use on flights. And every single time I go to use it, I'm stuck on the plane with no connection and MX Player just refuses to play my movies. So annoying.
I think the $245M is basically irrelevant. The more important impacts that came out of this lawsuit are:

1. Levandowski (the main engineer the middle of this) was fired
2. Kalanick (former Uber CEO) was pushed out
3. Uber's self driving division was slowed down significantly for a year

So all in all, the hit Uber took from this far outweighs that settlement cost.
No, Messages is purely through carrier, Allo is purely through web. Though with RCS becoming standard, they will start looking very similar.
Vimeo is some way is the opposite of Youtube.

Youtube pays creators for their content, whereas on creators pay Vimeo for hosting their content (Yes vimeo has a free tier too but the main pull is the premium tier).

That's because Vimeo is meant to be more of a portfolio for videographers as you say. It has no ads, clean interface and features focused on showing off your work.
Don't get me wrong, I love joel and Community was my favorite comedy show of all time, but this feels like Netflix trying to capitalize on the success of late night shows with the current political climate.

Shows like LWT on HBO have been insanely successful, and Colbert along with all the other late night shows are thriving. I hope this show has some character and isn't just some bland rip off of the others.
Do you even understand the words you're using?

An ad impression is a view. Yes, big channels do get more "impressions", but in this case, we're talking about Youtube sending individual impressions. It doesn't matter what video they send this impression to, it still counts as a single impression. If anything, they should send it to someone with Preferred ads since those actually generate more revenue than normal ads.

So no matter how you look at it, they should not be sending you to logan.

1. It's bad for their brand
2. It makes users angry to get unexpected notification
3. Logan has non-preferred ads
4. Users will have more watch time if they are sent to a video they like
5. They've already cut all possible ties with Logan
6. An impression is an impression no matter what video the user is sent to

Do you want me to keep going on? You literally have nothing to back up the bullshit conspiracy theory. Just admit it's circlejerk and move on. This place is honestly stupider than Youtube comments.

Edit: oh look Youtube temporarily cut off logans ads, that also must be part of them grooming him right? 
Yeah, that's what I was referring too. And more recently, a stand-up I'd never heard of named Mo’Nique apparently complained that she got paid less than Amy Schumer, and asked her fans to boycott netflix. It's unbelievable how disillusioned some people can be.
It doesn't matter to Youtube what video you watch. The same ad plays and the same money is made. People really need to take off their tin-foil hats. It makes no sense to show users something they don't want to watch on purpose. It's literally the opposite of what you want to do if you want to increase watch time. This has to be one of the stupidest conspiracy theories I've heard in awhile.
Yep, it's like all those stand-up comics recently complaining that they got paid less by Netflix for they special. I don't understand this concept that every single person should be paid the exact same amount. If you have a 10x larger fanbase and bring in 10x more views, you should be paid 10x more.
Not only the way he makes it, but how easily he knows all the names, differences and pronounces them so well.
And new nose line.
Yeah, they just hacked into machines and left like good little boys without touching anything. Totally makes sense. Sure there may not be concrete proof, but any hacker knows it's possible to hide your tracks. 
Sort of, but isn't it smarter to minimize your profits short term, especially for indiegogo backers, to try and build up the popularity of your product?
His Youtube Red show was canceled... Why would they push someone that they removed from their preferred ads and canceled the Red show? Man conspiracy theories keep getting dumber every day.
Watch it be Michigan, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania. The three states that win Trump the presidency by less than 100,000 votes all together. That's less than 0.08% of the votes, also known as an exceptionally small number of votes.
In the 120M people voting in the 2016 selection, the result could've been flipped by changing only 100,000 votes. That's 0.08% of the votes. That sounds like an exceptionally small number of votes if you ask me, but it's all they needed to win.

https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/politics/2016-election/swing-state-margins/
Woah woah, wait a second there. First off, this is all freshly out of the oven stuff. They put the chip in there knowing there'd be uses for it. Snapchat and Instagram were literally just announced this week, but it doesn't mean they will be the only. Just because the current camera app doesn't need it right now doesn't mean the Pixel team won't ever use it.

It's a powerful chip and I'll bet you anything that it'll get far far more uses in the coming year.
What? You getting notification for something you didn't sign up to get notification about is literal definition of a bug. It's like getting your neighbors mail. It was a mistake, take off your tin-foil hat.
To be fair, if you had enough money, that stuff has been possible for a long time. Look at Hollywood movie. You'd be surprised to know how much of it is CGI. They can recreate entire cities, landscapes, crowds, etc.

I do agree that the reason this is relevant is that it democratizes the technology and makes it accessible to anyone with a strong graphic card.
I see. I didn't even know about that tab, I don't think I have any notifications enabled, I just use my subscription box directly. Bugs do happen, good to see the bug was fixed though.
Do you have a screenshot of the Logan video in your sub box? I can't say I've ever seen a video from a channel I haven't subscribed to show up in there. Unless you mean your homepage feed, which is just recommended videos from any channel (that's different from your sub box).
It's also worth pointing out that the way you use these apps are different.

In Snapchat and Instagram, you take one picture and look at it. In the camera app, you just take a bunch of pictures quickly and later go over them. The camera app can take 2-3 seconds to process a photo in the background, whereas 2-3 seconds for a picture on Snapchat would be unacceptable.
The thing is, the most impressive part most people don't quite realize is how fucking huge these things are. Even when looking at pictures with scale it's hard to wrap your head around it.

It's basically 16 stories tall. Just for a moment, imagine a building you've been to recently that's around 16 stories tall. Now imagine TWO of those flying down from the sky and landing smoothly like in the video.

That imagery for me makes it far more impressive.
At the end of the day it is quite subjective and the impact of each movie on a person can be very different. For me TDK is probably at the bottom of the list when it comes to Nolan but then again I'm not a super hero or action movie fan. Memento is probably the one that had the biggest impact on me.

That being said, every single one his filmography is fantastic. 
The underlying problem of this tweet annoys me far far more than the specific lie itself.

The way that he just types "fact" followed by some statement with zero proof backing it, and most idiots our there take his word for it as if he was an all knowing prophet. That to me is the scariest thing. 
That fact that we haven't heard anything in an hour definitely does not bode well. 
And how he'll be able to have proper overlays such as Discord chat instead of hacky window capture.
It's worth noting that a lot of these techniques used to improve image quality are often limited by compute time. The camera app kinda gets away with it by doing the "processing" in the background, but even then, if it takes more then 2-3 seconds, it's bad UX.

Now with the PVC, they have a 10x speedup allowing them to either enable new algorithms, or crank up old ones, while still staying within the same compute budget.

So maybe this was active before but wasn't powerful enough for them to mention. Now that they can crank it up, it might actually make a visible difference.
That was long ago when shutters were really long. It no longer does that.
Yes and no. Back in the early days, before HDR was a thing, the main difference was resolution, and since the person on the other end was looking at the photo on a phone, the difference was not noticable. It definitely wasn't "1000x". Even with todays camera, it's maybe 10x at most.

On the other hand, cameras back in the days had shutter lag of half a second or more. That meant that what you got after clicking the button could be very different from what you expected.

Both of these put together made it a reasonable "feature" a few years ago, but not anymore.
That was more of a "feature" than an "issue", back when cameras had big latencies.
Isn't the reason a lot of people take photos from their camera app and import it exactly because the Camera app takes better photos in the first place? Some may have other reasons, but for me that's a major one, and while it'll be a hard habit to change, a lot of people will definitely benefit from the higher quality images.

And I disagree with not expecting quality from Snapchat. HDR+ can honestly do wonders when it comes to bad light conditions. This change will make some pictures that were previously impossible on snapchat now possible.
Most of these are probably with stolen credit card. The money probably gets refunded, and the cheaters account is already banned so it's not like they can punish the person any more.
Interesting, it works on my cellular data and with my VPN too. Must be a routing issue.
The core concept of Homeopathy is a fairly simple claim: That molecules can transfer and contain "data"/information.

While that claim sounds crazy, I personally would have no problem with scientists trying to explore and test that idea. But the fact that every single one of these people are going straight for the medical angle and producing these expensive drugs that have not been proven above placebo levels really goes to show how much of a scam it is.

If these people truly cared about advancing science and medicine, they would focus on the scientific aspect of the claim rather than jumping straight to making a profit.

(and for the record, [over 1800 papers](https://www.smithsonianmag.com/smart-news/1800-studies-later-scientists-conclude-homeopathy-doesnt-work-180954534/) have attempted and failed to prove it scientifically...)
They both perform at placebo levels. Not to say that placebo does not have any effects, there's a fascinating Mind Field episode showing the power of placebo, but yeah implying that it is any more than that is insulting and a waste of taxpayer money.
 Not only that, but a small amount of brute force is easily tractable. If I was writing a script for this, I'd let certain bits be uncertain and try all the combinations for them. 
Yep, it's quickly becoming a crowded space, just like moba was and battleroyale will be soon. They sunk a lot of money into this (i remember their pax east booth was as big as overwatch's) but it didn't pay off. 
I use plex for movies and TV shows, but the restriction of having an indexed video is sometimes limiting and annoying. I wish there could be a folder where you just put video files and it shows up, but as far as I searched there's no way to play arbitrary videos easily.

It is a fantastic program though for other uses. 
Related to Easter eggs in video games, here's an hour long lecture that is very well structured and narrated. Highly recommend.

http://ludix.com/moriarty/psalm46.html
Do people honestly listen to the safety videos? I did for my first flight and from then on I just listen to podcasts on my headphones through all of it. 
I don't know about iTunes, but HelloInternet is on pocketcast's top 100 list at rank 71 right now. Imo if your in top 100 you're pretty famous. 
Doesn't the videostream extension work on any platform since an extension?

https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/videostream-for-google-ch/cnciopoikihiagdjbjpnocolokfelagl?hl=en
Yeah. I've tried it a few times and it was very glitchy and broken. I hardly managed to watch a 5m video once.

[Video stream](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/videostream-for-google-ch/cnciopoikihiagdjbjpnocolokfelagl?hl=en) is a far better solution for pc, though I'm not a big fan of the UI. 
I mean in theory any file that plays in Chrome should play in chromecast since it's just a WebView with the file streaming to it. 
Just because you personally haven't had problems doesn't mean they don't exist. Comcast is a fantastic service until you have to deal with their customers service. Furthermore, "works well" is a pretty low and even subjective bar. That's the bare minimum a phone can do.
People always assume there's only the cost of making the phone. They take apart the pieces in an iPhone, price them, and say it adds up to 300$ therefore Apple is getting a 600$ profit.

The reality is that there are many other costs to making a phone. Making great, fast and bug free software is not cheap. Research and development for inventing new features, great customer support, advertising, etc.

You can get a phone for much cheaper with similar spec on paper, but in reality, it will slow down faster, not get updates, have non existent customer support and will break easily.

There is much much more to a phone than the size of ram and cpu speed. There's a reason the pixel has the best camera in any phone on the market. 
This thread about Iran. This is a disingenuous technique to first categorize all Muslim countries together, then give examples of the worst one and apply it to all countries.

Also, the same could happen to you if you were black a few decades ago in the US. Again, just because not every country in the world advances at the exact same rate doesn't make them savages. They are progressing, just at a different rate. As you mention, most of those examples are from 1-2 decade ago. 
This is a thread about Iran. It was a fair assumption when not specified that we're talking about the country the thread is about. If I make claims about the US, its silly to bring out other Christian countries as examples. 
That's not quite the point. Did the western world change their views on PoC, women and LGBT people over night? It's been barely a year since gay marriage was legalized federally in the US. Therefore, do you not think it's unrealistic to expect every other country to also have the exact same reforms at the same time?

Canada for example legalized gay marriage a decade before the US, does that mean the US were basically savages for a decade? Countries and cultures progress at different rates, and we need to applaud good changes rather than belittling them. 
> Throughout many places in the middle east, it is common practice to stone women adulterers. 

Give me the last instance this has happened in Iran. You make it sound like this happens every day there. 

"The Iranian judiciary officially placed a moratorium on stoning in 2002; however, in 2007, the Iranian judiciary confirmed that a man who had been convicted of adultery 10 years earlier, was stoned to death in Qazvin province." 

Basically, it has happened once in the past 20 years. 

> Is your argument really that since we were not a perfect country decades ago, we should give other countries a pass for violating basic human rights?

Not at all. What I'm saying is that they are making progress, but just because that progress isn't exactly synchronized with the western world doesn't mean they are instantly all savages. It took us many years, it's not like it changes here overnight either. 


If you honestly think that her life was at risk, you're disillusioned.
How dare the entire world not have the laws and exact standard we have on this exact date. Forget the way we treated women and people of color literally a few decades ago though... (and still to date in many places) 
They didn't say that at all. People here just love speaking in extremes. To say that they have no rights is ignorant and stupid. Westerners just love projecting their own culture and expecting the rest of the world to follow.

Yes, being forced to wear a scarf may seem extreme to you, but to go from there to "women have no rights whatsoever" is just stupid.

If I say that people in the west are not allowed to masturbate in the streets, therefore they have no rights, you'd also laugh in my face. 
He never said it's not present, he said it's not prevalent. People here are actually much more vocal about it especially as of late, but the situation is far far worse in countries like India. To say that the US best exemplifies it is extremely naive and America centric. You're not the center of the world and you definitely do not have it worst. 
Are you serious? Do you honestly think they are okay with this? It's impossible to predict all the fucked up ways people try to cheat, game and break your system. They probably block millions of them, but as soon as a single one makes it through, then suddenly they "intentionally want to screw users".

How can anyone honestly believe that crap. This is an obvious mistake and will never happen again. 
What the fuck does "innovative as a whole" even mean for a company of that size. There is no such thing as a 50000 people team anywhere at any company.

And why does it matter what kind of algorithm they use of the feature is both novel and useful. First I give you a fun feature and you say it's not useful. Then I give you a useful feature and you say it's shoehorning AI. You just keep coming up with bullshit excuses.

But sure, I'll play your stupid game:

1. Photoscan uses the state of the art computer vision to scan old photos using your phone without glare. Novel and not AI: https://www.google.com/photos/scan/

2. Project Loon uses advance algorithms to map air currents and by making the balloon up and down, they are able to navigate them to stay over an area:
https://x.company/loon/

3. If you want to go to the wider alphabet, verily uses technology to make spoons that people with various disabilities can use: https://www.liftware.com/

I can keep on going if you'd like... 

I was pointing out examples of products that are customer focused. There is almost no world where translate is a viable product to run for free.

> Assistant? It's basically a carbon copy of Alexa.

You mean how alexa has support for multiple users or has proper speech understanding? But no, adding an option for a seat is apparently more of an innovation that being able to manage multiple users by their voice signature.

> Google's image recognition AI continues to improve but they haven't really added any features that have at all impacted my life in the past few years.

So being able to ask for "pictures of my brother in france" or "picture of food" or "pictures of me playing sports" aren't useful or innovative? I don't know for you, but as someone with thousands of picture, being able to get exactly the one I'm looking for with a single query is literally life changing.



It's not that simple, and it's also why it was rebranded to "climate change". Climate is a highly chaotis and complex system. Temperatures changing slightly causes cold and warm airs to change paths and patterns widely. Some place gets colder, another gets warmer. You could get more hurricanes, more landfall, more extreme weathers, etc. It's impossible to predict what will happen and who it'll be beneficial for.
The more Trump strays away from renewable energy, the more countries like France and China go towards it. Can't wait to see how much of a hoax climate change was when Florida is under water. 
And Google maps hasn't made something useful? And Youtube hasn't? And translate hasn't? And assistant hasn't? And photos hasn't? 

These are also ever evolving products. Maps alone for example has added parking location, business traffic, eta sharing, offline maps, and so on. Every single one of those are infinitely more useful than selecting seats.

Changes can be incremental, they don't have to be all at once. Do you honestly wow at car seat selection?

And how is it not customer focused? Why else would they make maps, translate or photos? Even Youtube runs at a deficit for them. 
It's not that simple. From a development point of view, having an all in one app is much more work. It leads to more bugs and slower development. From a user point of view, it can also lead to bloated and slow apps. If I only want to do X, having to download an app that does W X Y Z is not great.

Its not as simple and clear as you make it sound. There are points to be made for both sides. 
They are features, so are JustGrab and GrabFamily. I'm comparing apples to apples.

https://www.blog.google/topics/arts-culture/exploring-art-through-selfies-google-arts-culture/

https://www.theverge.com/platform/amp/2017/9/18/16325004/tez-google-india-audio-qr-cash-payments

https://www.theverge.com/platform/amp/2017/12/5/16737222/googles-files-go-available-globally
You mean when they made a company that is using technology to rethink urban planning and city building (side walk labs), a company to rethink the medical sector using technology (verily), a company for self driving cars (waymo), and another  to literally find a cure for immortality (calico)? Definitely not innovative whatsoever. 
You try running a company of that size with literally hundreds of different products and then we will talk about "loving fragmentation". Even Apple that is of a similar size only has a small handful of products. 
Google literally making apps that match your face with old artwork, send money securely using audio encryption and clear storage space by detecting and deleting memes, yet choosing car seats is considered innovating. Ok then... 
Antitrust laws are mesy, but I do think when used properly they make sense. It's basically in place to stop monopolies from abusing their power. They can't use their monopoly to force a change that is strictly inferior for customers (a bit like big ISPs are doing right now).

This case was a bit subtle though. This feature was strictly superior for users and vendors, but there was one tiny group that were left out: price comparison sites. So Google entire defense lies on the fact that they are bringing far more value and this feature is an overall positive thing, even if a few people out there are left out.

I'm sure there was fine people on both sides of the shooting.
It is, but I wonder what stops every country from doing the same and keep bullying/charging big companies making them pay for whatever they feel like or they will lose business there. 
They charged Google $3b because they apparently discriminate against shopping comparison sites. 
Yeah and that's the beatles... I tried searching some underground artists and not a single one of them even showed up. At this point you may as well just use RED or another one of the forks. The whole point of bringing back a backup was to at least get to see the data that was lost, but this isn't even a complete backup so what's the point?
Yeah and that's the beatles... I tried searching some underground artists and not a single one of them even showed up. At this point you may as well just use RED or another one of the forks. The whole point of bringing back a backup was to at least get to see the data that was lost, but this isn't even a complete backup so what's the point?
I fully agree that people with the required knowledge that are not directly working on the deal should read and voice their opinions, that's how a democracy works, but to say that you are "concerned" implies that you already think it's going to be bad.
No? Any platform can be used for good and bad. Especially when it grows in scale, it is bound to have people using it for bad, it's basic statistics and probability.

The site you're talking on also has its fair share of crap, but the positive value it brings outweighs the negatives.

Censoring and closing the whole internet is not a solution to trying and stop the trolls. 
Half life and portal games are what really define masterful linear design for me. 
For me, a good linear game is so immersive that you hardly realize there's only a single path. It gives you the illusion of choice. Sure sometimes you can have multiples apparent paths too, but the point is that one story line is so well polished that you're getting a wholesome experience. 
This is the sad state of Fandom these days. E only hear about some public ones but I'm sure these people, both boys and girls, get a shitload of creepy sexual messages every day. 
Would the frequency of light matter. We can limit ourselves to visible light, but then what about an infrared shadow or an ultraviolet shadow. 
Another day, another meme. Welcome to the internet, enjoy your stay.
Yeah, they're actually having a panic. Kids are *actually* eating pods, and it's toxic. All you need is a kid dying from doing that (it is poison after all), can you imagine the shitfest? Who do you think buys pods, the stupid kids or the parents? Do you think parent will buy this when they find out their kids try to eat them?


They went from a "view based" system to watch time. If you click on a misleading video, you will quickly realize it and leave, therefore that video well get less watch time. They also put a threshold for it to count as a "view", I think you have to watch at least 20% of the video or something, if you close it right away, it doesn't count.
Not really. The dim background (error bar) is important. This is #1 rule when it comes to statistics, you can't just look at the line fit, you have to take variance into account too. If you look at the dots, you can see that they're all over the place and vary +/- 5%, so until it goes up a full 5%, it's within the margin of error.
Red and pink Starburst.
Thank you for the numbers, very thorough. I was hoping to see a slight decrease overtime but nope, Republican approval rating have always been around 80%, within margin of error. I could see it snowball once it hits 60s, but it doesn't look like it's trending towards that anytime soon.
I honestly doubt they don't know about it, but like I said, it's not an easy problem. For example, my suggestion of adding a rating does make the UI less user friendly, and maybe also open to abuse. What we need to realise as users is that these changes also don't happen overnight.
"dies" isn't really the right word. They do turn into huge cash cows with no souls, but they're not dead. They might not be "alive" either, maybe in some zombie state.
Since we have so many digits of pi, what do statistical models say about how "normal" pi looks? As in, given the distribution of digits in the first trillions of digits, what probability do we give to the imbalance we observe?
You have to be extremely blind and awful at business to not realize that something like this will quickly kill off your user base.

Not sure if you remember how Youtube used to be a few years ago, with clickbait title and thumbnails on literally every single recommendation. While it's not perfect, it has gotten considerably better because they've adjusted the parameters to discourage that behavior.

Similarly, the Google Now team needs to work on improvement long term quality rather than short term click count if they want to be a viable business.

You may get a lot of clicks, but unless you are engaging the user on a higher level, they will very easily throw you away at the first chance they get.
Yes and no.

First off, the old system probably used machine learning too, but at the end of the day, it all comes down to what data you feed in and what value you try to maximize.

I fully agree that people clicking clickbait is an issue but:

1. It doesn't mean it can't be fixed
2. It doesn't mean neural networks can't/shouldn't be used

It's also worth noting that this is not an easy problem to solve, especially with the small input that they get. All they know is if someone clicked on a link, maybe how long they spent, and occasionally if someone pressed "not interested in".

Now if they had an actual way for people to, after the fact, rate the quality of a result, that could give them much more data to work with.
This shutdown is mostly due to DACA, and DACA was an Obama program, therefore this shutdown is also an "Obama Shutdown", duh! ^^^/s
I'm curious, we all know that Fox News will flip flop to any side that will maximize their views. In the primaries they were shitting on Trump, but as soon as they realized he had a chance and that their viewers liked him, they quickly changed their tune.

Now that his approval ratings are dropping, does that mean so does theirs for covering him? All the remaining Trump supporters are on Fox News and it is risky to alienate them, but Fox is in a bind since that population is shrinking.

Every time we see something like this get through the cracks, it gives me hope that at one point, the viewership of republicans that dislike Trump will be bigger than the viewership of Republicans that do like him, and Fox will flip entirely, throwing him in the can to rot.

Honestly once that happens and all the sheeple turn on him, he does not stand any chance.
I'm pretty sure the more extremist people fed him some bullshit behind the scene that changed his mind. Miller keeps saying that he's a "political genius", but the reality is that all you need is to compliment him, give him some of his favorite candies, and then he'll bend to whatever bullshit you tell him. Republicans are abusing this to make him change his mind behind close doors. They're literally puppeteering him like a little kid.
From the reports I heard, the meeting was supposed to be between the bipartisan senators who came up with the deal and the President, but in the 2 hours it took them to get there, someone got a wind of the meeting and brought a bunch of more extreme people to change Trump's mind.

If we've learned anything in the past few days, it's how extremely easy it is to trick and persuade Trump to flop. There's been rumors of people literally giving him candy he likes or complimenting him to get him to agree with them. Even Miller who went on CNN and called him a "political genius" said the other day that we shouldn't let the Democrats manipulate Trump. So apparently manipulating a political genius is something any senator can do easily?

This is honestly the explanation that makes the most sense. I don't think Trump is himself changing his mind, but rather he convinced so easily by any bullshit someone close feeds to him...
I'm pretty happy with my Sennheiser HD4.40

I know this thread is mostly about earbuds, and that big headphones don't fit in your pocket, but these were 100$, have a battery that last me a week, connect instantly, sound great and have buttons for all the actions.


Yeah, might as well reference the subreddit's "Essential artists" list. At least that one was put together using a public vote on the subreddit. That being said, it might need an update.

https://www.reddit.com/r/futurebeats/wiki/essential_list



Yep, I always have arguments with people over this. Emma Stone > Emma Watson.
He got removed from prefered ads which is a significant cut in how much he makes.
They're literally saying it right there? I don't get why people are confused...

> prevent potentially inappropriate videos from monetizing which can hurt revenue for everyone.

1. Ad shows up on video that advertiser does not like
2. Advertiser pulls out
3. Every other creator who did nothing wrong gets hit

Also, people always say Youtube only cares about money, yet in this case, they are literally cutting off a big chunk of their revenue (because every $ these small creators make is a $ they make), to protect the site as a whole.

I'm sorry, but if you're making 2$ a month, that's not really putting bread on your table. If you're serious about being a creator on Youtube and are putting regular content, you will have no issue hitting the thresholds.
If what you care about is having your stuff seen, then Youtube is the best place. If all you want is a way to get rich, no site can give you that. With any site, you have to put hours and slowly build up a community.
I'm confused, Twitch also has a super high (arguably much higher) threshold for becoming a partner. They have the lower Affiliate bar, which honestly corresponds much more with the new Youtube threshold, but they get something like 90% of all your bits revenue...
Logan DID get kicked out of prefered ads. Also, this change allows them to strengthen their manual checks by not wasting all their manhours of videos that'll eventually only make a couple pennies. 
Hmm, do you have a source on this? My understanding has been that if you close your AdSense account, they will pay out any remaining balance.

Actually, looking into it, it has to be above the "cancellation threshold", which in this case is 10$

https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/1709871
As a starting Youtuber, you didn't receive any money until you hit 100$. Since 90% of the people affected were making under 2.50$ a month, it's fair to assume most of them probably hadn't even hit that threshold and had never actually gotten paid. At least now they will get whatever is in their balance, which should be a motivation to keep going.
While Fi is definitely not the cheapest, the only reason I use it is the peace of mind, excellent customer support and simplicity of the offer.

Obviously, if you're saving money and are trying to get the cheapest plan, Fi may not be for you. But personally, I've been burned by shitty support, purposely misleading plans and disrespectful companies for years so many times that I've honestly never looked back.

I definitely agree that it's not for everyone, and if you're a very heavy data user who regularly passes 15GB, you should look elsewhere. But honestly, sometimes I'd rather pay a bit more and not have to spend hours fighting over the phone and getting angry to the point of rage.
Hmm, how so? Their own data shows that 99% of people impacted were making less than 100$ a year, and 90% were making less than 2.50$ a month.

At 100$ a month, even with 5$ cpm, you're having 20000 views a month. Even if your videos are 1m long, you'll hit 4000h. The subscriber one might be slightly harder, but if you're not able to convert 240k views into 1k subscribers, honestly you have bigger problems than a few missed dollars from Youtube in terms of your channel's future.
Yeah, I agree that image does seem a bit exaggerated. Still, if you search, there are various other examples, which while are slightly more conservative, still are quite damning.

https://www.google.com/search?q=how+much+sugar+in+coke&source=lnms&tbm=isch
Yeah, I'm sure if we looked at similar deconstructions for many of the things we eat every day, we'd see a similar pattern.

Example: https://i.reddituploads.com/2fb618d8201a43409dc472b99c9b2d1b?fit=max&h=1536&w=1536&s=497090316f6ba28fcb0f1d24e8a08479
You do realize that Youtube takes a cut of the ads too right? One youtuber may lose 100$ (actually 90% of them are under 2$), but Youtube will lose millions from this.

The point is, they'll be able to provide far better manual reviewing if they don't have to spend 99% of their time reviewing videos that end up making literally 1 penny.
The snowball effect is exactly why this is not as much of an issue. Yes, you'll miss the initial 100$ after 4 years of work, but at that point, as you say, you'll have enough following to get the next 100$ in a very short period of time.

On the counter point, Youtube won't have to review hundreds of videos per user that will end up making a couple pennies at most. This will allow them to step up the quality and speed and their manual reviewing for all other creators.

Also, chances are, not having ads on your early videos may actually help your growth if anything, instead of alienating early fans away.
Getting off the ground has very little to do with being monetized. As you mention, that 40$ is money that you couldn't even cash out, so whatever growth you saw was without being paid. What stops you from continuing that growth and eventually getting to the money?

Also, you are actually going to see that 40$ now, which you were unlike to see for a long time before:

> Any of the channels who no longer meet this threshold will be paid what they’ve already earned based on our AdSense policies. 

So if anything, small creators are getting paid MORE now than they were before. And now they can use that money as a motivation to continue and reach the threshold.
Was it only the 1$ a month that was addictive, or the views, the subscribers, the community and comments? Once you reach 10$ a month you'll probably already have the numbers to start making money, so really only the very start of the journey will be lacking money.
> 99% of those affected were making less than $100 per year in the last year, with 90% earning less than $2.50 in the last month.

This only impacts very small Creators. Onces Youtube goes from being a hobby to a serious business, you will have the numbers to be monetized. No one's putting food on their table with 100$ a year.
If you're in it only for the money, then you're doing it wrong.
Oh wow I missed that line in the blog, thanks! My calculations weren't too far off :)
Yes and no. At that scale, you're definitely not making enough money to live purely off of Youtube earnings, so this is probably a side hobby, not their main job.
I'm curious, if you're comfortable saying, how much money you were making a year? According to the post:
>  99% of the affected channels were making < $100/year

While that's a decent amount of money, it's fair to assume Youtube wasn't your main source of income. So while missing out of a hundred bucks kinda sucks, I don't think it's fair to say that it's killing small creators.
I see, that makes sense.

I personally just lost ads on my channel, but I have an extremely small channel that makes ~2$ per year. The threshold is set at 4000 hours of watch time in 12 months. Someone can probably do a better calculation than me, but with a CPM of 5$, that's at most 250$ a year. So it's pretty clear that if you depend on Youtube for your livelihood, you're definitely above that threshold.

I'll bet you that small creators like me constituted a huge chunk of their "monetized videos" in terms of numbers, while in terms of revenue, it was probably insignificantly small. Therefore, by getting rid of monetization of billions of videos making pennies, they're able to make their manual vetting much stronger.
If you want to think that way, then Bannon also "resigned"...
Al Franken was kicked out for a joke kiss and a photo of him pretending to grope someone.
Except the first lady is actually not paid. I get what you're saying though, but just pointing out how stupid that is, since in some cases such as Michelle, the first lady does quite a lot of outreach work.
It depends. For one, I don't think he himself was part of the Russian collusion (though he may have seen evidence for it during his time there), so I don't think he's afraid of going to jail himself.

Next up, if he truly believes in his dream of "Bannon's America", while at the same time not believing in Trump's ability to achieve that, it may be in his best interest to get rid of Trump.

Now that his head is not up Trump's ass anymore, maybe he can see that what Trump is doing doesn't align with even his crazy visions.
It really comes down to if he's a vengeful person or not. Sure, he might not be able to fix his own shit, but if he has dirt on the people who ruined his life, why not bring them down too?
Just to be clear, there is no "other source". All other sources are repackaging this. So if you want the original material, this is the only way to go.
Al Franken was at most a bit of a creep. 
I'm not saying the other side are trolls. I'm talking specifically about russians. There's a swarm of people who aren't on "either side", all the do is throw fuel into the fire of both sides trying to pit us against each other.

The people you speak of also exist, and yes, they are often misguided and misinformed, but those are not the people I'm talking about here.
"They" are trolls, and they are throwing whatever vitriol that sticks, trying to cause disarray and in-fighting. Their entire goal is to make us fight between each other.
Not only that, but he was still half protecting Trump to keep his job at Breitbart (since rich Trump supporters fund his site). Now that they successfully pushed him out, he basically has nothing else to protect.
Alright then, enlighten us with how to read it.

Do you even know what error level analysis is? Do you even understand how jpg compression works? Or are you just one of those script kiddies that links to ELA just because it looks cool and pretend to be a hacker?
The edit was great, and is all the proof you need. I'm not saying I don't think it's fake, I just don't understand why you would post a link that literally shows nothing to prove what you're trying to prove...
It's a tool that usually let's you see what part of the image were "modified" due to the jpg compression artifacts, but in this case, it actually proves nothing. You see a lot of artifact near the top where the text is, but none at all near the face. So in this case, it's entirely inconclusive, no idea why he posted it...
If only there was less of a stigma on drugs and more proper scientific studies done, allowing us to better understand why these things happen, how it impacts some more so than others, and how it can be used to help people. Instead, we often have to look for anecdotal evidence such as comments in this thread.

It's honestly sad, because we have so much to learn about the way our brain works. It's an fascinating and extremely complex machine.
Just because he didn't make it you're gonna assume that he would've voted yes. He also voted yes on the initial Healthcare bill, then voted no on the final bill. What makes you think he wouldn't have done the same. I'm not saying he would but I don't think it'd fair to assume. 
She complains that he didn't notice her cues, yet, even from HER account of the night, it's pretty clear that Aziz was giving plenty of cues that he was in it mostly for the sex. Maybe she hoped it'd be different and that they'd fall in love, but was disappointed to find out famous actors aren't the flawless angels we make them to be.
I think it's also worth pointing out that this is, as you say, her account of it. I'm not saying she's lying, but the same events, viewed from two different perspective, can look very different. So I feel uneasy when people in this thread analyze every tiny detail of the night as described here as if they were all 100% accurate.
Sounds like he's done plenty of swatting. I hope they can get a warrant and gather a comprehensive list, then charge him for every single one.
"Democrats" isn't a single person. Especially in the house where there's 435 of them. While sometimes there may be some foul forces making them side with their party, at the end of the day, each one of those individual has their own thoughts, priorities, donors and biases.

It's also worth noting that neither side is perfect. What matters is, on average, which sides generally makes the better decisions.
I have no idea how that even happened. I'll blame a glitch in the matrix.
I doubt they can integrate it that quickly, if they use it, it won't be before Pixel ~~2~~ 4.
If you haven't heard it for yourself, how can you tell how it sounds?
Easy, not a single republican voted to save net neutrality, therefore all existing members worthless in my eyes. If you always vote within party lines, then you're just a slave of the party.
And that's exactly how Trump became president. He brought high ratings because people found that shit entertaining. These networks are completely complicit in what happened, and they still haven't learned their lesson.
The whole page is full of cool concepts:
https://www.behance.net/gallery/Mobile-Phone-Concepts/140111

The last one by Zimmer is almost spot on a modern smartphone with top/bottom bezel.
Really any community or website with more than a million users.
We know nothing yet about Android support of this thing. But if Android natively supports this, then it will most likely be interchangeable. As far as the application is concerned, there's no difference between them.

That being said, they really need to show that the security of this is just as good.
Yeah, I think the MrMobile video stated that it uses the light form the screen. That being said, it can be off the whole time until it senses your finger, at which time it lights up quickly.
Yeah, and I assume the API that the application calls will completely override the UI, making it so that it's 100% clear to the user what they're doing, and not accidentally clicking on a button.
It is around 2x slower that the state of the art capacitive fingerprint sensor, but that doesn't say much since capacitive ones have gotten so damn fast. It definitely isn't instant though. It's more like Apple's FaceID, compared to OnePlus "face id".
Yep, have touched cash less than 5 times in the past 10 years, and almost every single time it was some cash only store forcing me to go withdraw from an ATM. I mostly use phone nfc pay, just tap and move along.
Youtube demonetizes videos, not channels, and this video wasn't even monetized to start with.

As for taken down, that's far more rare, and I'm guessing it generally comes down to strikes. Now the way these channels get strikes is sometimes shady, especially when it comes to copyright and brands abusing their DMCA powers, but that's a whole other discussion.

I don't really see how either of these is bending the rules. Maybe that the rules are sometimes unfair, but they are the rules. Get this many strikes, account taken down. But of course, when it happens to people we like, it's bad, and when it doesn't happen to people we hate, it's also bad. 
I mean, [the guideline](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/2802032?hl=en) says that he gets a strike, which is probably what they did.

I know people here want to see blood and are asking for more, but according to their own guideline, the most they can do is here is give him a strike. If they had a special project with him, such as with PewDiePie, they could cancel it, but I don't think they do?

Just because you can't see it doesn't mean they didn't do anything.
I mean yes and no. Gabe Newell had enough money coming out of Microsoft to live the rest of his life happy. Yet he was driven by his passion to start a video game company. He did it because that's what he enjoyed doing.

This guy leaving means he's not enjoying working there anymore, and would rather, as you say, go and do whatever he wants instead.
Interesting statistics, thanks for the link!
(Looking at it now, it's actually down to around 100mb, maybe there was a lot of content loaded in the server I was viewing, but that aside...)

An average computer has 8GB of ram these days. I might not be an average user, but I have ~20 servers and I spend hours on there every day. Is 3% of ram for something you use so heavily really too much?
It's not so much that features can't be added, but the pace is much slower as maintaining and developing native UI is much harder.
Err, sorry I mis-remembered, that one is an example of bad implementation. Discord, which does a very similar job, is currently using 300mb of ram. Removed it from original post.
You know what else is a bug on modern software? Programs that run on a single OS, and programs that take months to add new features. It's easy to shit on one aspect of programs, but as any programmer knows, so many things in programming are a compromise. In this case, development pace and easy cross-platform support vs memory usage.

And it's not like Electron isn't capable of it. VSCode, Discord, ~~Slack~~ and so many other applications use very small amount of memory. Electron here is being used as the scapegoat for shitty programmers, similar to how Unity is often referred to as the reason for shitty games. The reality of the situation is that since it's the easiest tool to use, it attracts the most shitty programmers, giving the impression that the framework is the problem. But no, it's the programmers that are at fault.
And the post also ends with "I do not even..."

Is medium becoming the tumblr of programmers?
I don't get why you're downvoted. Discord is another, only uses 300mb. When there are so many apps that use it perfectly fine, then it shows that the issue isn't with Electron, but rather people who use it poorly.

People talk as if writing native apps on multiple different platforms is trivially easy, and that there's no extra cost to doing that over writing for Electron. I'm sorry but that's not the reality of the situation.
With classical bits, let's say you have 4bits, they will have a specific state, let's say 1100.

With qubits, if you have 4 entangled bits, you can have a superposition of all 2^4 = 16 states. You're not actually seeing 16 states, once you read the bits, they will collapse to a single one of those 16. What you can do though is apply algorithms over those 16 states such that one becomes the most likely state you'll see.

Here's a concrete example. Imagine each of the 16 states is a route through your maze, so you can calculate the distance for all 16 routes simultaneously, and at the end, make it so that the shortest path state is the state you see when you observe the bits. You in some way ran 16 parallel computations, but you can only get a single output at the end, which is the limitation.

In general use cases, quantum computers will be much much slower, but for specific usecases and algorithms, they will be able to achieve exponential speed improvements.
At 3:40 even the cop starts recording it on his cellphone. Amazing.
I think that's still server side speed, which in the case of Google would be their TPUs. These are highly specialized hardware that perform 20x of a GPU. While Amazon has AWS, they lack the machine learning and specialized hardware capability of Google.

Still, point is, this stuff isn't easy. Definitely not "has been available for years" that the poster was implying. Not at reasonable speed and scalable to millions of users.
Again, that's trending. Two points:

1. You're always going to have a "bubble" no matter what. The demographic of the site kinda dictates what's more popular.

2. Bubble isn't inherently bad. I know that in terms on politics it can be, but if you look at it from another perspective, if you're into cars and absolutely don't care about sports, is it really a "bubble" if you don't get spammed with videos of football and basketball every day? Yes, but most would agree that it's better that way.

I agree that some information is important and should get through the bubble, but not all information is. Think of it in terms of music. I know what kind of music I like, and it's fine if it gives me something slightly different, but if one day it just starts playing completely random content, I'd be pretty unhappy.
I mean there's 3 levels.

- Trending is for recent popular videos. Yes what goes in there is kinda magic, but there's zero personalization.

- Subscription is 100% controlled by you. It's content you follow and like.

- Recommend is a middle ground between the two.

Yes, none of perfect, but I think if you learn to use a mix of all 3, it's generally pretty good. Recommended sometimes does give me really good videos, but I do agree that it should refresh more often and not serve me a video I didn't click on more than 2-3 times. Manually dismissing them is just too slow. I don't think it's fair to say it's 100% crap though.
That's just the logo, apple does the same:

https://www.apple.com/v/apple-pay/h/images/overview/og_image.png

They don't call it "G Pay" anywhere in the text, I don't know where the person above you got that from, except for the logo, but it's just that, a logo.
- PR: Net Neutrality didn't really have a lack of PR online. Millions of people voiced their opinion for weeks, yet FCC openly ignored all of it. It's hard to see how more FCC comments would've made any real difference.

- Lobbying: How do you know that they aren't? Lobbying is generally not done very publicly, so for all we know, they could be.

- Lawsuits: That's what they are doing now. You need the thing to pass before suing them. As for getting creative, you'd think it be possible, yet Google fought ISPs for years for Google Fiber and basically lost, so many it's not as possible as you think.
More like:

"Please leave."

"Not until I prove to you that you're FAKE NEWS"

"Dude, you're off air, no one's listening anymore"

"BUT TRUMP IS A GENIUS AND THE WHOLE NEEDS TO UNDERSTAND THAT"
Yeah, lack of mazing aside, it's probably one of the better ones out there.

Tower Wars and Defense Grid were okay too, but what I really want is a coop, one where you teamwork and maze together.
Absolutely. Anything bigger than 1GB always breaks for me,
Yep, no other tower defense game ever came close to starcraft/warcraft status. You usually have a way too huge grip, hardly any mazing, very limited weaponry, etc. I miss SunkenD :(
They've been gradually adding more feature. Keep is definitely the main one remaining that I really would love to have though. Just be to make lists other than shopping lists.
1. Phone is 500-1000$, this is 30$

2. Has a better microphone than your phone

3. Has better speaker than your phone

Realistically, it's not meant to be a replacement, but an addition. If you're outside, or in the bathroom with your phone, use that. If you're in the kitchen chopping onions and need to set an alarm, obviously pulling out your phone isn't optimal.
Also 2 fingers, holding it with the tip of your fingers.
Great video. The one part that doesn't make sense to me is, they keep talking about what the person looks at first. What I look at first is the not the tiny text, but the faces. When Big Actor X's face is already right in the middle in big, they're already the first I notice, who cares is their name is slightly to the right?
Slightly, but nowhere as much as people will make you think. Right now, Steam is using 160mb when on the store page, and Discord is using ~300mb of ram. Sure, it's twice as much, but remember that the current steam is also 6 years old, so doubling ram in 6 years isn't that ridiculous.
What? Instead of spreading around lies, feel free to backup your statements with data.

Here's mine:

[Steam process on the store page 160mb of ram](https://i.imgur.com/KnSjDcy.png)

[Discord process with 20+ servers using 310mb](https://i.imgur.com/jL1oxrN.png)

Yes, it uses more ram, but there's no need to for ridiculous hyperboles "need to add 8gb more ram" bullshit.

You can run Discord, Steam and Slack all simultaneously with less than 1GB of ram. It's at most a 2x over the old system, which remember, already does use webkit to render all of the store and community pages anyways. But apparently 2x memory usage in 6 years is a travesty.
The irony is that it's probably one of the higher effort content in the sub.
I mean, at least it makes themes/plugins very easy to make and inject.
So if it was your kid, you wouldn't expect him to do it? You'd be totally fine with it?
It very likely be a complete rewrite done with modern web technologies (react, electron, webpack, etc).
They really thought their pedophile prophet would win. Now they're upset that people didn't want a child fondler in office and are seeking revenge.
I'm not saying I expect him to do it, but he would get a lot of shit for not doing it. You can also try moving the line to find the point at which he would, and that's where it gets interesting.

For example, would do you think he would do it if it was his own kid?
Yup, to me, a quintessential episode of Black Mirror does just that, present a situation that is both silly, yet stupidly hard to choose sides. It's often is a lose-lose situation and you can very easily argue both sides for hours. It may be a gross episode, but to me it's a perfect introduction to the raw idea behind the show.
It's hard to imagine what would happen, which really is the essence of Black Mirror. Let's look at both outcomes:

1. He doesn't do it, and the person actually dies. How do you think the public would react? As a parent, would you be ok with your child dying because some guy refuses to do something non-lethal that takes a few minutes?

2. If he does do it, it'll be on social media all over the world. Everyone will be mocking and making fun of him. And it's also a traumatic experience.

It's really a lose lose scenario, like many Black Mirror episodes. That's why to me it's a quintessential black mirror episode, being torn between about what the right thing to do is.
Pixel has been a super solid experience for me, so I'm sticking by it. Amazing battery life, super smooth software and first day updates. 

Pixel 2 made me switch to wireless and I first I was hesitant, but I'm honestly loving it now. I got some [Sennheiser HD4.40](https://www.amazon.com/Sennheiser-HD-4-40-Headphones-BT/dp/B01MSZSJE9) and I'm loving it. It connects instantly, lasts a whole week without charging and I can walk all over the house while listening.
Apparently only the non-US version can do 4k@120fps :(
Oops our finger slipped. We totally want to cease and desist, but it takes our super slow computers a whole week to process our instruction! :)
I'm not saying it's mainstream, but if you can't see how it's used as a plot point and separate fiction from reality, then this show definitely isn't for you.
If she really was upset with the show because that was "beastiality", then she probably wouldn't have enjoyed the rest of the show. Shooting and killing in movies is fine, but somehow other arguably less serious activities are off limits? If anything, imo the character showed way too much hesitance. If it was between saving a life and fucking a pig, it's fairly obvious what the right choice is.
While it may not fit so much with the technology side (although back in 2011 when it was made, the role of social media was getting much bigger), it still has the absurdist moral dilemma the protagonist has to face, which is often a big theme in the show.
Yep! One time i was taking a selfie at a water park when suddenly a splash of water came towards me and I started running mid selfie. The motion-picture the pixel camera takes was actually split into two photos, one before the splash when I pressed the shutter, and a other when I was flinching. The latter was super crisp with every individual water drop in the air visible.

Look at the detail: https://imgur.com/gallery/bLQw5
The issue with ie6 is that it was behind on standards and features.

The problem with Chrome is that it's *too ahead* with features, and impatient developers start using those features before they are on other browsers.

Also, part of the issue when it comes to "best experienced on X" is just devs that are too lazy to test on more than one browser. So no matter what browser is #1, those kind of sites will always exist.
Wait what? I thought the original letter claimed the reason was the handling of the Hillary case the previous summer.

It was later in an interview that he admitted it was because of the russia investigation, no?
BTC has slow transactions, ETH has big fees, then was coin is for small quick transactions with low fees if it's not ripple?
Could it be a more automatic system that scales every week? It seems silly, especially during huge jumps, to have to wait for a manual update.
How sad if a bunch must you be to spend your new years being pissed and shitting over what others are doing instead of enjoying it. I can't believe why anyone would watch that instead of having a good day.
I was really confused by what it meant. This kinda brings sense to the story though.
There's a few known issues specified here:

https://www.chromium.org/Home/chromium-security/site-isolation

Generally, it's mostly with iframes, but nothing too serious.
>As a proof-of-concept, JavaScript code was written that, when run in the Google Chrome browser, allows JavaScript to read private memory from the process in which it runs (cf. Listing 2).

If you browse the web, you probably want the patch...

EDIT: Unless you put Chrome into isolation mode, but that increases memory usages by 20%
It's also worth noting that almost everything we know is speculation and rumors. Bits and pieces have been extrapolated from patches made to fix said security issue, but the issue itself hasn't been officially announced yet. From my understanding it'll be revealed later today.
I got my popcorn ready. The more Bannon shits on him, the more Trump fights back, and the cycle continues. This is gonna be a buttery shitshow. Can't fucking wait.
I can't wait to see how they spin a nuclear bomb being dropped on their heads.
Yeah, I don't think he's directly linked to this specific Russia meddling, but maybe he's afraid that if this investigation drags too long, Muller will start digging deeper into his business and find something else. So the plan for him is to make the Muller investigation end sooner, otherwise if he was directly implicated, it makes no sense for him to openly admit guilt like this.
Thank you for the update. Do you have specifics about what preventions are now in place? I've been getting them [almost daily](https://i.imgur.com/hHt0Yvl.png), but I'll keep an eye out to see if they stop now. They're all identical messages, honestly at this point I've considered writing a bot myself to automatically ban them.
That's how I understood it too. That it impacted virtual machine hosts (aka mostly cloud providers like AWS, Google Cloud and Azure). I don't see why normal users like us would be impacted by it, unless we depend on the sandbox of virtual machines.
First off, it's worth pointing out that this is mostly all speculation as the actual security issue that this is trying to solve is still not published. We are outsiders trying to guess what these "patches" are for. Secondly, from my understanding, these impact virtualization, so maybe normal consumers like us aren't affected. So far it seems like Cloud providers are the ones being attacked by this security issue.
You forgot TIS-100 between Spacechem and Shenzen. Personally, of all of them, that one was my favorite and the perfect middle ground. Shenzen is a bit too far and Spacechem a bit too low for me.

Also, from the creator of World of Goo / Little Inferno, there's Human Resource Machine:

https://tomorrowcorporation.com/humanresourcemachine

It starts fairly simple but quickly gets very complicated and interesting,
You're a nut, you're crazy in the coconut!
Yet you still no provide zero basis for your arguments. I'm sorry, if you can't back up what you're saying with real data, you're not worth my time.
Again, you can't throw bullshit claims like that without backing it up with a source. This isn't Fox News.

Just to pick on a few of those with sources:

> made our healthcare system somehow even worse than it was

The number of uninsured people [has halved since obamacare](https://www.kff.org/uninsured/fact-sheet/key-facts-about-the-uninsured-population/). A quick calculation, 10% is roughly 30m more people have health insurance now.

> started more wars

1. [Presidents don't start war, congress does](https://www.law.cornell.edu/wex/executive_power)

2. While he didn't get us out of war as he had promised, the war itself was started by congress during pBush administration.

> fucked up our economy

1. The stock market crash happened in September 2008, 3 months BEFORE he became president, so if anyone is to blame it's the previous administration. More realistically, the banks are to blame.

2. Since the crash, the gdp and economy [has only gone upwards](https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/GDPC1#).

> didnt fight for climate change

Fighting climate change isn't something that happens overnight. You have to commit 25 year+ plans. He had started many projects and joined every single effort to combat climate change. Sadly trump canceled nearly all of them and removed all the funding.

https://obamawhitehouse.archives.gov/the-record/climate

Please please please, search sources and educate yourself instead of taking in every single lie you read online and see on TV. People will try to feed you lies left and right, you need to seek sources


If you want to have a real argument, please include sources to real statement from past president claiming things that they factually had almost nothing to do with.

There's a case to be made for presidents claiming that the economy going up was due to their efforts, and that's hard to prove, but there's a limit to what you can claim was your doing.
Just take credit for whatever good happens. He's slowly setting himself to be a super human leader like Kim Jong Un. Soon he'll start taking credit for the good weather too.
For people who've been there frequently, that scene must've been a real illusion breaker. Good thing I don't travel a lot!
I'm not saying this picture isn't legit, but I still take any image posted by the person themselves with a grain of salt. No model would intentionally post a picture of themselves that looks awful, and in my experience, how good a person looks in a picture has a lot more to do with the pose and the equipment used than the make-up.

tldr: she's definitely stunning, but whiteknights in this thread saying "she's trying hard to look bad but still looks amazing" don't understand how instagram works.

Well yeah, the framerate is locked in most console games. That's kinda beside the point. 30fps or 60fps, you still have an allotted time per frame: 33ms or 16ms. How you spend that budget is still important. Do you spend 5ms rendering rain on the windshield? If so, you gotta shave time from somewhere else.

In this case though, my guess would be that it's a fairly cheap simulation.
I mean, the proof that it was broken and no one made it through is that they stopped halfway to celebrate new years, then left without finishing. I assumed they left to fix it but never came back?? Rip 18k prize.
Yeah, I mean it's fine to really like a game, but to say most influential is definitely a stretch.

There has definitely been great indie games this year that have pushed their respective genres forward. Tacoma and Edith Finch both took the "walking simulator" genre in fresh new directions. Gorogoa was unlike any other puzzle game out there. Cuphead showed that indie games still excel in terms of artistic direction. And yes, Night in the Woods was also fantastic.

But to say it was the most influential game is a bit silly.
That was my guess too. It was supposed to be a feel good revenge. And also a call back to part 2. There wasn't really any call backs to part 1 though.
I don't really see how it would be funny either way. Maybe I'm too old for edgelord humor, but isn't even a good parody. Low hanging fruit, ha ha ha he's sweating let's make fun of him.
The part that is cool is that we finally have the tools on the web to recreate all of these filters. Especially with things like blend modes being added, there are many things that I had to do separate in Photoshop before that I can now do live in the browser. It's amazing how much more powerful CSS has gotten in the past few years.
Maybe because they were recorded in the same session this time. They just split it into two because it was way too long.
I just assumed it was a day out hiking with friends or something. Technically it's both socializing and exercising so it was split half half. Which kinda shows the downside of this system, each hour block can only be one type.
It *is* a commercial, but I don't see what that's a bad thing. Is Youtube not allowed to advertise itself? I think people are approaching it the wrong way. 
[The sensors have wipers](https://i.imgur.com/ImKbhUX.gifv) (that's a waymo car)
You control the hammer, but it's all about getting a sense of you center of mass and momentum. Dunkey goes a bit ham on the movements, I've had much more success taking slow careful actions, and that also prevents 90% of the times you accidentally fling yourself back to the start.
It's worth noting that this swatting this is happening more and more often. Any kid out there with an address and some fake online phone service can make a call and swat anyone. It's a serious fucking problem and it's honestly out of control. This is the first time it has resulted in a human death, but it was bound to eventually happen... Even if 1 cop out of 1000 is inexperienced enough to kill, then eventually this was gonna happen.
Not really, weather is really at a specific time and place. It's not quite climate, or not statistically significant. For it to be a proper trend, you'd need to look over a few decades.
Interesting, that looks much more like a Mindfield experiment than a mythbuster one.

The only problem is that these women are clearly giving "datability ratings" rather than pure apperence.
Magnus was playing 2D chess, but Inarkiev was playing 3D chess the whole time.
I just watched The Jinx last week (fantastic documentary for anyone wondering), and the resemblance is uncanny.
My bad, didn't realize people can watch out of order. That being said, it was just an easter egg in the episode and had nothing to do with the episode at all.
Was the receptionist playing the 5 star rating game? I think there was also a reference to Men Against Fire on ep2.
It's satisfying, but the expected and generic ending. I love Black Mirror because they aren't afraid to go for the darker and less Hollywood ending.
And in the previous episode, the receptionist was playing the star rating app on her phone I think? All these references to season 3!
Took me a while to place it. I kept thinking it was a voice from Bojack Horseman (which aaron paul voices)
No? It was purely a branding issue. People hear "global warming" and they think "local warming", because they don't understand the difference between climate and weather. They think that just because it's cold today, global warming must be a lie.

Climate change is a better name (for the exact same phenomena). It's not a different theory. 
It was really fucking dark, and I was loving it, but the happy ending kinda killed it for me. I'm curious to see how the other episodes go, this may be the san junipero of Season 4.
I don't know, Rich/4 = rich, sometimes.
Or, more simply put, locally it may be cooler, but globally, across the whole planet, and compared historically across years, it's warmer.
Hell yeah, destroying the planet and fucking over our children, that'll show them liberals!
Yeah, they are showing that they want to move in that direction, but it's hard to go guns blazing without causing chaos. The trick is to move slowly and subtly, and that way, the people who would get upset will never have a specific moment they can be outraged at.

It's actually the same trick that's used to take away people's rights too. If you do it gradually, no one notices.
No, weather is what's happening at a specific place and at a specific time. Climate is what's happening across the entire globe, on average, over the span of years.

If it's cold in New York today, that's weather. If there's consistently twice as many hurricanes every year than there were 20 years ago, that's climate change.

If it snows this year in August, that's the weather. If it starts snowing every year in August, that's climate change.
It's also important to note that you can't measure these locally, climate is a complex and chaotic system. When the overall temperature changes, it can shift the patterns of hot/cold air, and it can make certain regions colder and others warmer, but the average will be warmer.

This is why we now use the term "climate change". The overall climate will be very different. More extreme temperatures, more hurricanes, more precipitation, and so on.
I agree in terms on humor Gus is top, I was actually showing more in terms of parody quality. I love various parodies try to extract his mannerisms.
It was pretty good but I've seen much better vsauce parodies around.

https://youtu.be/PxFXkvmgOHo


This is another important bug no ones mentioning. There were issues with devices dying at around 30%,this is a direct fix for that bug, literally making the device last longer. 
Well yeah, and what makes the battery last that much longer is indeed these cpu optimizations. 
Found the Canadian.
Yeah, honestly the more impressive part of the skit was the set and visual effects (for a high school level production in the 80s).
Yeah. There still are community servers and surf maps, but they are so hard to get to that there are far fewer people playing in them. The culture has also shifted. To be fair, there are also so many great games out there these days that people don't just hang out doing the same shit for months anymore.
The point is that you don't know that you don't know them. People change names, and also no ones memory is perfect. Do you remember the name of every single person you met 10 years ago?

There are also other legitimate reasons to add people you don't know. 
"with practice"
I mean, you lose nothing adding strangers if you don't click on their link. Sometimes it may be some old friend trying to reach out or someone who's not actually a total dickhed scammer.


They most definitely have a bot in the back end trying to login instantly.
Don't site like this try to simultaneously login as soon as you enter your account name, triggering a Steam guard request, then ask you for your code too?

Otherwise it's pointless because they want to steal your items they need steam guard on.
Authy and Google Auth don't even have app level protection. So wouldn't they in theory be just as "bad" as Lastpass? All this feature did is add one extra layer of protection, which it now no longer has. People still need to access your phone and still need to unlock it.
I don't get it. All this feature does is add an extra layer of protection. So you have to both unlock the phone and unlock the app. In this case, unlocking the app itself is broken, but other apps like Google authentificator and Authy don't even have an app level protection, so wouldn't it mean Lastpass is now as "weak" as the other two?
Yep. Basically you can bypass the fingerprint security on the app itself.

It's funny because both Google Authentificator and Authy that people in this thread are recommending don't have any app protection, so in theory, they are just as "broken" as Lastpass authentificator.

So yes, if someone gets their hand on your phone and your phone is unlocked, they can access your 2FA codes (they would still need your passwords obviously). This is true for all 3 apps.
Yeah, played 1.6 for around 10 years, and 3/4 of that was surfing and kz. But back then, these community servers were mostly about the community. Hanging out with friends, chilling, playing music and talking. I kinda compare it to going skateboarding with friends.
So it's a walking simulator? 
surf_Egypt, surf_simpsons, surf_skate_v1, ah the memories. 
Normal trackmania maps are, but this one is specifically designed so that you only hold W and it takes you on this crazy ride. It's like those Mario maker levels where you don't press anything. It's a genre if custom maps that's pretty hard to make but very impressive. 
That wasn't the reason they weren't paying him? That had very little to do. They were saying that the bugs were either duplicate or out of scope. The former is hard to verify and the latter is pretty bullshit I agree, but as disappointing as it is to find duplicate bugs, it doesn't justify being a baby about it. 
I'm also loving all the new year midnight memes. This is just a fantastic intersection.
How dare people take a break from social media during the holidays and spend time with their families. They must be hiding something!
Well the people writing that review clearly can.
I mean, isn't this the 2nd or 3rd time a company that has "licensed" Trump's name hs doing something illegal? Maybe the first time you can let it slip, but at some point, it becomes really fishy...

If you're giving your name to something, wouldn't you want to make sure the people are legit first? It's like the whole Trump tower deal with that guy who had worked with the mafia. That shit isn't that hard to research...
People are mixing up two kinds of "listening". As explained in the big ELI5 above, these devices have two modes. One is local and very limited, the other is the data being sent to the cloud and processed there. Generally, when we say the device isn't listening, they mean the latter. That's the data that is listened to and stored. Locally, the device "listens" for things like hotwords but doesn't store any data.
They're public about all the data, and you can delete any/all if you want to.
The activity dashboard does show everything Google has recorded, but it shouldn't record anything without the keyword. Maybe it was a false keyword detection? Or maybe on your phone you accidentally activated google assistant?
That's an awesome idea. Something Youtube should've really added. I often try to manually do this by opening the transcript and searching but it's often a huge pain in the ass.
Him making a blog post and showing to the world their scam was the right way to go. Him resorting to acting like a child was not. This is something I've noticed more and more on reddit, people justifying people doing shitty things just because the other side is shitty. Is this an american thing, that it's justified to act like a total asshole just because they are too?
I never understood people who's whole identity is defined by being "moderators" of other people. Like that's how they describe themselves on social media and online.
NPR has them:

https://www.npr.org/2017/12/19/571754894/charts-see-how-much-of-gop-tax-cuts-will-go-to-the-middle-class
WP actually calls those tables "graphs":

> I’ve created a chart, using the TPC’s data, that tells this story

If you want some real graphs, NPR has some great ones:

https://www.npr.org/2017/12/19/571754894/charts-see-how-much-of-gop-tax-cuts-will-go-to-the-middle-class

https://www.npr.org/2017/11/14/562884070/charts-heres-how-gop-s-tax-breaks-would-shift-money-to-rich-poor-americans


So the thousands of Russian hackers and trolls that exploited all of our social media to get millions of followers and playing both the left and the right pitting them at each other were just "stupid". Yeah, we're sure gonna go far in fixing the issue believing that...
Again, I opened by saying that I'm not defending Uber. There doesn't always have to a "winning" side. Both sides can be assholes. And one side can also be more of an asshole than the other too. Doesn't make the other side any less culpable, but I think it's important to know all the facts. It just annoyed me how this person made themselves look all professional and serious in the blog post, when in reality they were being a bit of a dick.
Imagine being a student and having something you made be put into space? How much more impactful would that be that sending a car? Imagine as a kid being like, something I made it going around Mars. Just get a bunch of students from all around the US make small things to put in there.
I'm not defending Uber here, and this isn't really excuse to not pay someone, but the author is also not saying the full story. While he seems professional in his post, if you look at [the actual reports](https://hackerone.com/reports/293359#activity-2203160), he sounds like a total asshole to complete strangers... Who says "LULZ" on a bug bounty report?

I absolutely love Musk and all his crazy ideas, and I also love science, which is why I'd rather have any sort of random scientific tools in there. I mean it's his company and he can do whatever he wants, but it's not every day that we send a payload to mars.

Every time we receive new high res pictures of mars and space, kids all over the world get inspired. Maybe sending a car will be meme-y enough to get attention though.
Every mission has a probability of failure. You adjust your cargo and the price you're willing to pay according to that probability.

Of course putting a satellite that cost millions to make is not a good idea, but I'm sure there are all sorts of not-so-expensive yet useful tools you can put in there.
Yeah, when this question is asked, we often think about the people who are going through a rough time and are suicidal. Euthanasia for people suffering from crippling incurable diseases is an entirely different discussion and many countries are starting to consider it. 
Not if you have a good "reset" pose that's consistent. Which I'm guessing him spreading to the edges of the coach makes it consistent enough.
I'm sure people have already figured this out, but I found it strange how after that speech (at 3:12:05), he does the same strange spread pose as in OPs clip. Then I looked closely and realized that position was the "reset" position for stitching clips together. Smart.
Yep, they were smart enough to realize that it wouldn't last forever, so they used that money to make their country sustainable and not reliant on this finite resource.

Meanwhile, most other countries are just letting future people deal with all the problems and not worrying about all the harm they're causing. They're basically fucking over their kids.
Also, just because he says place X has a lot of Teslas doesn't mean no where else in the world there are a lot of Teslas. Bay area is another one, but the reality is that in the majority of the US it's not like that.
There's a very limited set of file formats that a browser will download, and browsers are trying to cut that down.

If you look historically, almost all "drive-by" exploits were through flash, pdf and java applets. Java is entirely gone, Flash is on it's way out (and on chrome is specifically handled by Google themselves), and PDF is also maintained by Google. I also think recently, PDF rendering is being done with javascript (which makes it secure).

So I think more and more, drive-by will be a thing of the past. There's been only 1-2 such exploits in the past few years, and that's reducing every year.
Are you serious? If anyone gave you a huge wad of cash, you definitely would be suspicious too. Especially when they are fucking recording you.
Did you watch until the very end?
That sure was a slow builder. I know he was trying to go for a big impact, but he could've just said that last part and it would've been good enough.
Crumbs-fall economics.
Well you definitely need to teach them to be careful of downloads, although Google does catch a majority of them, but just visiting a website has a very low % chance of owning you.
Sort of.

It is successfully connecting buyers to sellers, so both of them are benefiting. The only "competitors" who are losing here are other "aggregators". But then, how is that different than Google Search? Search also connects users to websites, and other search engines are getting less views.