Back in Ukraine, my uncle asked my grandfather for permission to marry my aunt.  My grandfather politely got up, walked into the bedroom and came out with an axe and proceeded to chase him out of the house.

The next day, my grandfather found out my aunt was pregnant, so he reluctantly agreed to the wedding.  My uncle demanded the house they lived in as dowry.  My grandfather once again went out to get his axe.

But it was 1920s Ukraine.  That kind of scandal just hangs on you, so my grandfather signed over the house to my uncle.  After the wedding, my uncle moved into the house and proceeded to kick the rest of the family out.

Really a shame.  My grandfather was a police officer for the Austro-Hungarian Empire.  He was basically the cop for the town.  He was given a sword, official paperwork, and a piece of land on which the Empire built him a house.  When Poland was formed after WW II and the town became part of Poland, my grandfather retired and they lived off of his pension and used the land as a small farm.  The house was built VERY well.  My dad went back to Ukraine to visit and found his old house.  The new owner was an alcoholic that didn't keep up the place at all.  Paint was peeling off the walls everywhere.  But he said, other than cosmetics, the house was still solid.

One of the few things my dad regrets in life is leaving my grandfather's sword behind when they fled Ukraine in WWII.  He was afraid of getting caught with it by the Nazis.  He thought nothing good could happen when a teenager is caught with a ornamental sword that is super sharp.

Now back to my aunt and uncle....

Eventually my family ended up in the US.  My aunt and uncle had 2 kids.  My uncle was supposedly a really really good carpenter.   But he kept getting fired from his jobs, because he would call out sick a lot.  My dad used to take him to job interviews and he would show up to pick him up and my uncle would be up in the bathroom puking his guts out.  Every single time.  He obviously had an issue with working.  Perhaps a panic disorder or something else going on.  But somehow they survived.  My cousin got a PhD in history and got a high ranking job at the Pentagon and then later became a college professor at Harvard.
Good idea.  I'll reach out to them.
Been buying Bitcoin since 2010.  Back in 2010, I was buying them off a coworker by buying him lunch.

I'm on /r/btc all the time, because every time I ask a question I get accused of being a ~~bcash~~ Bitcoin Cash shill.

I fully admit I am a BCH supporter and that some BCH supporters take it way too far, including myself sometimes.

But seriously, everyone needs to chill.  TBH, I'll be happy if ANY crypto wins.  I'm ready to support Dogecoin 100% as the crypto of choice, if it bypasses fiat and delivers on the promise of crypto to the masses.
i would disagree.  I would call BCH the Orthodox.

BCH doesn't engage in an active censorship and smear campaign.
ISPs were introducing data caps.  Their own services did not count towards the data caps.  Even with NN, data caps were still there.

Competition is truly the only long term solution.  We need to get rid of these asinine local franchise licensing restrictions.
Can I ask what you paid for it?

Gillette Slim Adjustables are great razors.

I look at Bitcoin much like Catholicism.  At some point in the distant past, there was The Church.  Then in 1054 there was the Great Schism, and we got two halves of a whole: The Roman Catholic Church, and The Eastern Orthodox Church.  Both Churches try to claim they are the true Church founded Jesus himself.

The same thing happened with Bitcoin.  We now have two halves of a whole.  We have BTC and BCH both trying to claim they're the "Real Bitcoin."  They share the same Genesis Block.  Their roots are from the same whitepaper.  And they both claim to follow Satoshi's vision.  Two halves of a whole.  Two approaches to try and solve the same problem.

Unfortunately Nakamoto is no longer here to tell us who took the right path.  So, it's up to the market to figure it out.
I think the states are doing a pretty good job of mopping up the FCCs mess.

I think the situaiton was WAY BETTER before net neutrality was passed.  The FTC was in control of things and the ISPs were actually too scared try anything.  With the repeal of Net Neutrality officially by the FCC, it now emboldens the ISPs to do whatever they want, because they think the FCC is on their side.

Wheeler should have left it the heck alone until one of them actually tried something.
Now we need to repeal local telco laws to actually get some competition.  I'm sick of my local government being allowed to be gatekeepers for TV and Internet franchises.
Storing you 2FA codes and your password together is a bad idea.
Well, you are right.  SBC is not optimized for sound quality.  It was added to the A2DP spec when less bandwidth was available.

The latency in AAC is pretty bad.  But somehow I never have out of sync audio and video on my iPhone.  Apple must be compensating for it in software in some way.
That might work.  But fire safes block flames.  They don't block heat.  things could potentially melt depending how long they're in a burning building.
> Yes, I can easily tell the difference between AptX and AAC.

How are you testing this?  I don't know if any Bluetooth chipset that does both AptX and AAC.

I'd love to test this myself.
Well..

1. Not impervious to house fires.
2. Ink can fade
3. Toner can flake off

Other option is to save screen shots and encrypt them (TrueCrypt volume, password protected zip, etc.)
> Did you know that SBC and AptX both run at the same bitrate of 350kbps? However, AptX sounds very obviously better, because it is a much higher quality codec.

Has this been blind tested?  At 350kbps, I would expect both to be transparent.  "Higher quality" codecs do a better job of compressing things and making them transparent at LOWER bitrates.

AptX does have a much lower latency than SBC does.

The big problems with SBC and AptX is that they're not available as standalone desktop PC codecs.  I can't encode a song in SBC and then play it in foobar2000 and compare it to MP3.  That makes it very difficult to backup any claims that codec makers make about their bluetooth-only codecs.  The big features Bluetooth codecs need are low power consumption and low latency.

Now if AptX is better and re-transcoding an exiting lossy file with transparency, that would be a good difference.

But 256K MP3 is, for all intents and purposes, transparent 99% of the time.  If every codec after MP3 (the first high quality lossy codec) is superior to it (which is should be, otherwise you'd use MP3), then I have to assume that AptX and SBC at 256K or higher will be transparent, if the original file is lossless.
All the codecs are pretty much the same.  They're all doing 4:1.  Latency is a bigger issue than compression.
AAC and MP3 support, so it doesn't re-transcode.

Basically:

1. Your device and headphone pair up.
2. When they connect, they negotiate the codec they are going to use to compress audio, because you can't do lossless audio over Bluetooth.
3. If the file you are listening to is already compressed in that codec, it will send it through and not touch it.  If the file is in a different codec, it will re-compress the audio in the codec.

Apple products use AAC over Bluetooth, which makes sense since the iTunes Music Store and Apple Music streaming service are in AAC.  But they talk to a these headphones over SBC.  So, all those compressed AAC files will get compressed again into SBC format.

Obviously, this is not ideal.  Compressing once from one lossy format to another usually does not produce anything obviously noticeable of the bat, though I think it can be picked up in an ABX test vs the original.

The codecs used by the major streaming services are:

Apple Music - AAC

Spotify - Ogg Vorbis

Google Play Music - MP3

Amazon Music - MP3, I think.

Now if you're going to be playing lossless files like FLAC, then either SBC or AptX will be completely transparent, because they're going to compress 4:1.  AptX is the better choice for audio+video, because it has a much lower latency, so you're far less likely to get audio and video that is out of sync.
Confirmed by Koss.  They only support SBC and AptX.  So, I'll take a pass.
They're on Massdrop.
I don't use a box grater, so I don't know the way to wash them.  I use a Kichten Kutter, which uses cutting cones.  They just unsnap and can easily be washed with sponge or brillo pad.
I'm serious.  The FCC has to officially post the repeal and Pai has not done so, and no one knows why he hasn't done so.

Perhaps he's holding out for a bigger paycheck.
This whole argument is pointless on any side.  It really is up to the market to decide, not a bunch of crypto-geeks on reddit.
I just want to get the etiquette right.  I can bitch about the use of bcash if I don't follow the naming conventions and etiquette on this side of the fence.
So, do we just called them the "Bitcoin Developers" as opposed to the Bitcoin Core Developers?"  Cause the Github repository is called Bitcoin-Core.
Except it hasn't died.  The FCC has not officially repealed it yet.
So 'Core' is now a bad word?

The Bitcoin Core Developers test everything on Litecoin first.  It got Segwit first.  It got Lightning first.

More power to the Core developers.  They're lucky they have a production test coin.  Other coins could only be so lucky.
How far Bitcoin Jesus has fallen in the eyes of the faithful....
You guys truly are a bunch of asses.  Refuse to accept any other crypto is worth anything. unless it's Litecoin, because that coin is Core's pet.

We'll see how the landscape looks 5 years from now.  The market will decide the victor and not FUD.  Go waste your energy on something useful.
I printed out all my QR codes and locked them in my file cabinet.  If I lose my device, I just go home and rescan everything.
Source?
Does it really matter.  If you take the BTC transactions volume vs that of any other coin, it has no business being that high.

It's all about the value the market gives any given coin and not some major conspiracy.
I think not:

https://coinmetrics.io/charts/#assets=btc,bch,doge_left=txVolume
The butterfly keyboard if probably the worst keyboard in laptop history.
True.  It's not.  I'm sure he'll fix it when everyone stops using bcash.
So, of course this is totally his doing.  He MADE Blockstream.info support BCH.

Geez, get over yourself.
How easy is it to code for DOGE?  I've been told by developers that adding BCH support is disgustingly easy to do.  Much easier than Segwit.  That's why companies like Coinbase and Blockstream added BCH support before they added Segwit.

One wallet developer actually said it took him a few hours.  He said supporting BCH is as easy to flipping the switch between mainnet and testnet.
Dude, this post literally NOTHING to do with Roger.  WTF?  Crawl back in your hole.
They've been bashing blockchain.info since they added BCH support on their website.  Nice to see the mobile app get it to.
It's your website.  You can do whatever you want.  If you want to call it US Dollar Core, go for it.
There was no lawsuit.  Stop with the FUD.

And good thing he fixed it.  Bitcoin Cash is the proper name for the coin.
The cones detach.  You just toss them in the dishwasher or wash them by hand.
Threw it in the dishwasher.  Came our spotless.
And dangerous.  If you easily feel for a button or knob while keep your eyes on the road.
Or another tractor maker that doesn't do this crap.  Competition always works better than legislation.
There was a class action lawsuit against a bunch of banks, because they claim the coin counters were not accurate.
Digital Over The Air TV.

On such and such a date, your TV will no longer work, unless buy a digital to analog converter box and hang it off your TV, like a Lightning to headphone jack dongle.
Note the "Bitcoin Donations coming soon" section.

https://i.imgur.com/LyP9Fja.png

Lawyers don't take donations.  They take payments.  This is a website set up by a group of people looking to raise some money in order to convince a lawyer to take the case.

They claim it's a community initiative with 975+ participants, but refuse to name any of them.

This is bullshit.  This is not the way class action lawsuits are filed.  It's the attorneys that setup websites like this and they don't ask for donations.

This is either complete and utter FUD, or they're doing it sooo wrong that they counldn't get a lawyer to touch this case for any reason at this point.

Come on Blocksream, I thought you were smarter than this.  If you're to sue Ver, you get a lawyer FIRST and then seek defendants, and then you seek class action status.

And why "Not Yet" for donation.  Make a wallet, post a QR code.  That's all you need to "take donations."
It is about adoption.  Adoption and use as a currency is the #1 goal.  But, no one in their right mind would tell you to dive in head first without doing some RESEARCH into crypto.  That's just a general rule of life.

One of the big contributing factors to the housing collapse was people buying houses and doing ZERO homework on the kind of loan they get.  Variable rate loans with balloon payment that you can't afford when the interest rate goes up just half a point?

In my opinion, f*ck everything about "predatory lending practices."  Banks took advantage of you because you allowed them to.  While you were busy getting loans with 3 year balloons  in 2006 and then you couldn't refinance your ass after 3 years because banks weren't lending money, I was smiling with my 30 year fixed rate mortgage, because I KNEW what a bad deal was.  I did my HOMEWORK.

Then people are screaming for more laws to protect you from banks.  Well, f*ck everything about that.  Strap on a set of balls and take responsibility for your actions.  Just because YOU didn't do your homework is not a reason to go sue someone.

Same applies to the supposedly deceptive practices of bitcoin.com that somehow made people buy the wrong crypto.  Bullshit.  If you're only source of into on Bitcoin was Bitcoin.com, then, my God you did it so wrong and got what you deserved.
OK, how did you want to pay.  I can Paypal invoice you, or we can do Bitcoin Cash.
And how does that apply to me?
They don't have lawyers.  They're crowdfunding in order to get lawyers.
What exactly are you talking about?
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19630216

http://care.diabetesjournals.org/content/27/1/281.full

http://care.diabetesjournals.org/content/30/11/2814.long

I could probably find a few more if I wasn't at work and had more time.
There was a veiled legal threat made on the Bitcoin mailing list about using any and all legal means to stop Segwit 2X activation.

I'm betting the fine folks at Blockstream have probably spent a good deal in legal fees trying to see if they could acquire the Bitcoin trademark in the US in some way.
If you don't understand even a little of how crypto works and what different cryprto currencies are out there, then you have no business being in crypto.

Stop trying to protect people from their own stupidity by using the strong arm of the government.

What about all the people that bought into BTC at $19,000 and then watched it crash to $6500?  Who should they sue for being misled into believing that Bitcoin was a good investment.  Now they can't retire like they wanted to because they were willfully misled by idiots saying it can only go higher.
It's way easier to clean out my Kitchen Kutter than it is a food processor.
>when I have to choose between no state & no laws and state with laws I take the latter and you would be wise to do the same

I do, but not when it applies to something the government has no business getting involved in, like crypto.
And what bubble am I living in?
Ok, just to be clear, I can toss in a MicroUSB cable and a standard length aux cable.  I don't have the two large rubber bands or the tiny AUX cable it came with.  Is that acceptable?
Depends in lifestyle.  When my kids were younger, we would almost always need to cook something quickly and them fly out the door to karate, or cur scouts, or basketball practice, or community service, or a school concert.  For about 3 years we were doing 5 nights a week.  I'd walk in the door at 5:00 PM.  Start cooking as soon as I dropped my laptop bag, eat by 5:45 PM and out the door at 6:15 PM - 6:30 PM.
I find that cheddar tastes the worst when it's shredded and sold in a bag.  The others I find to be tolerable.
Cellulose isn't just sawdust.  It's the main carbohydrate in plant cell walls.  It's reason lettuce has so few calories in it.  Cellulose is completely indigestible to humans.  Just passes right through you.
I've been buying sliced pepperoni.  Time to buy a stick of the stuff and slice as needed.  The only sliced vegetables I buy are peppers.

Ground meat is a real PITA to clean up.  I don't own a meat grinder.  My mom used to pick a cut of beef from the grocery store and ask them to grind it up for her.

Bread, I don't care about.  It's off my menu permanently.

I know in some countries of the world, you don't grocery shop for a week.  You buy the ingredients to make dinner on the day you're going to cook it.  That's actually not a bad plan.  There's a store near me called produce junction.  They sell vegetables and fruits that are insanely cheap. And they taste just fine.  But they won't last more than a few days in the fridge.  If you're willing to get produce 2-3 times a week, and use it as you buy it, you can save some serious money.
I had a grater in the house.  Just was too lazy to use it.  I've had [this thing](http://www.lustrecraftcookware.com/product/kitchen-kutter/) in my house since about 1995.  But I have been using it infrequently because of sheer laziness.  I pulled it out yesterday, and it's going to stay on my kitchen counter permanently.
So, this is Blockstream backed, is what you're saying.
Only 2 times?
If they had some grounds, they would not be crowdfunding.  A lawyer would have taken this on contingency and turned into a class action lawsuit.

This is just desperation.
May God have mercy on your knuckles.
That's what the freezer is for.
I still don't see grounds here for a lawsuit.

And I do have to laugh that Bitcoin Core supporters are using GOVERNMENT as a means to an end here.  The whole point to Bitcoin was to bypass government.

All this lawsuit is going to do is make the US try to regulate Bitcoin, which is BAD.  REALLY BAD.  The lawsuit is just a dumb idea.
Holy crap.  This is ambulance chasing at it's best!

The top of the website says:

>Have you lost money because of bitcoin.com's fraudulent practices?
We can help you.

I can just see this on a midmorning show as a commercial"

>Hi Folks, I'm Peter Byte, the Crypto Attorney!..."
It IS more expensive.  But, at the time of purchase, the difference is negligible, if you're buying the quantity you need at the moment, it doesn't feel like you're paying more.

I understand the block will give you way more cheese than the bag will.  But I wasn't looking at it that way at the time.
Well, the actual people that were defrauded need to join the lawsuit and they need to prove they were willfully deceived AND lost money because of that.  Good luck proving your ignorance of Bitcoin Cash vs Bitcoin Core.  And it's hard to prove financial loss when BTC crashed from 19K to 7K in less than 2 weeks.

If any large Bitcoin company is in this lawsuit, they should be avoided like they Plague.  They're basically broadcasting their ignorance of the crypto ecosystem and you should not do business with them going forward.

This is just asinine.
The stuff I shredded last night started to stick pretty quickly.  Others on this thread recommended freezing it to avoid sticking.  One person recommended partially freezing it before you start shredding.
What kind of graters are you people using that are so hard to clean?

If it's one of [these knuckle destroyers](https://www.ikea.com/us/en/images/products/idealisk-grater__23279_PE098510_S4.JPG), f*** everything about those things.

I bought [one of these](http://www.lustrecraftcookware.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/kitchen-craft-kitchen-kutter.png) back in the 90s (when I didn't have kids and could afford stuff), and I love it.  So much easier on the ol' knuckles and very easy to clean.
Baby steps....
A sharper cheddar was not appropriate for the food I was making.
I don't understand this at all.  None of the companies in the lawsuit hold a copyright or registered trademark on the name Bitcoin.  They have no legal grounds to sue anyone.

I hope Ver counter-sues for court costs.
> You dump your standards and take the shredded. 

And, as always you wake the next morning with regret.  You come home and open the fridge and you can't even look at the block of cheese you have in a Ziploc on the top shelf.  The guilt is just too overwhelming at times... 
I have one of these:

http://www.lustrecraftcookware.com/product/kitchen-kutter/

They're really easy to clean.
I wasn't brought up on it.  When I moved out on my own, I started buying it out of convenience.  That ended last night.
I tried to make a cheese sauce with cheddar cheese and heavy cream.  Did not go well.

Looks like I need to try again, with my own shred.
I'm 49 years old and not rich.  Trust me.  I'm just lazy, and shredded cheese is not that expensive.
And do they listen?
I have never seen Tllamook chese for sale at a grocery store around here.

I live in PA.  Raw Milk is legal here.  The BEST cheese I have ever had in my life is made with raw milk.
Laziness more than anything else.  Live and learn.
:-)

To each their own.
Switch to Merformin ER.  I can take 2000 mg and not eat for half a day and it doesn't bother my stomach.  And it never gives me diarrhea.  I have no idea why doctors don't just prescribe that off the bat.
I have one of [these](http://www.lustrecraftcookware.com/product/kitchen-kutter/) and I really like it.  I used that to shred the cheese today.
Downvoting comes with reddit.  No biggie.  I've noticed this subreddit in general frowns on "home remedies" and supplements to assist with  diabetes.

I see keto is generally accepted as a life choice, but I have yet to see it encouraged.  I have brought up quercentin before, and now apple cider vinegar, and I always get a downvote.  Was going to ask about Berberine, but I don't know if it's worth the effort.
I don't miss it.  I'll take steak over bread any day of the week.
Didn't know that existed.  Subscribed.
What do you mean?
My store doesn't carry Sargento.
Ketogenic diet.  No more bread ever.
Fine.  Have an upvote.
I was pretty floored by them.  /r/headphones goes nuts over the Monk+.  These are 10 times better.  They're a little light on the bass, but they sound pretty awesome.

You know they have to be good, if I am recommending you buy them instead of buy my headphone amp.
It's not about the price.  It's about it's ability to be used as a currency.  We should be striving for vendor adoption and not worry about it deflating to make people rich quickly.
If you have $15 to spare, get a pair of [Koss KSC75 Hedphones](https://www.amazon.com/Koss-KSC75-Portable-Stereophone-Headphones/dp/B0006B486K/).

Small, portable, comfortable, and they sound mindbogglingly amazing for the price.

I bought a pair and use them everywhere.  I wear them whenever I go into a store.  They open back, but, because of the driver size, are not going to disturb the people around you.
My source is obviously old.
My wife despises Harmony remotes.  And I'm not a big fan of remotes that cost $300.  I'm surprised no one makes an RF switch you can program that can be mounted to a wall and doesn't cost a fortune.
I really have zero issue with the taste.
It does.  It can raise my FBS between 10 and 20 points.  I'm trying to make sure I don't eat anything after 8:00 PM most days.
Thanks.  I'll read.
The Amazon shopping app does too.
I have a Bond and I like it.  But what I am really looking for is a solution to have a working wall switch of some kind along with a smart plug of some kind.  I really don't want to put a smart switch in the wall.  I want something easily removable should it annoy my wife.
A DAC is not going to help.  The DAC in the iPhone is better than most external DACs.  There's a guy that took measurements and posted them online and pissed off a lot of "audiophiles."
$30, plus a Zigbee hub (roughly $99).  That's a lot to spend just to get a programmable RF remote.
I'm going to need to look that up.
What brand of remote is that?
The problem with multiple channels open is you need to fund each one.
Congratulations on the Eagle!
>limepiride belongs to the class of drugs known as sulfonylureas. It lowers blood sugar by causing the release of your body's natural insulin.

This is the reason I won't take it.

But if it works for you, by all means, keep using it.
That looks like it still needs a neutral wire.
The car shows my addiction to TiVo also.  Cause I can't tell you how many times I tried to rewind the radio.
OK.  Shipping or local pickup?
I think Hunter makes a "Smart" RF remote kit for your fans that can remember state and works over Zigby.  The problem is, each one costs $79:

https://www.hunterfan.com/ceiling-fan-accessories/hunter-simpleconnect-programmable-control-99107

Those WILL tell you fan and light state.  But the $90 bond does all the fans in the house for me.

I wasn't willing to $320 to make my 4 ceiling fans into smart fans.
You know, I have an old Honeywell programmable thermostat, that lets me set a schedule based on time of day and day of the week.  I see zero reason to upgrade it.  it work well for me.

https://ww2-secure.justanswer.com/uploads/Wvfan79/2012-08-18_201416_untitled.jpg

Now if you're going from a traditional thermostat with no programming, then going smart is a no brainer.  But this thing does what I need it to do for the most part.
I made a decision long ago that you shouldn't hang anything off your phone, but your headphones.  if your headphones are too quiet, then get yourself new headphones that are designed for portable use.

If you think that your phones headphone jack sounds like ass, then get a new phone when you can upgrade.  Consider an iPhone or one of the LG V20s.  The iPhones audio output is really quite outstanding.

When I am portable, I use my iPhone 6S paired with either my Koss KSC-75 or my Sennheiser Amperiors.  No DAC.  No amp. Just plug them in and enjoy the music.
The Bond basically emulated the fan's RF remote.  So, it can't tell the state of the fan.  No idea if it's on or off.  And if the fan is off, and you tell it to turn the fan off, it will turn it on, at least for my fans.

I work from home.  After I drop the kids off from school, I peek in all the bedrooms to make sure the fans are all off, before I head to the basement.  It's nice to turn the fans and light kits off, without having to rummage through kid's room to figure out where they put the fan remote.
I'm in Bensalem.  Just north of Philadelphia.
I hear you.  I bought a Bond, which allows me to control my ceiling fans.  My son uses it all the time in his room.  I hear him says 'Alexa, turn on Evan's Fan' and Alexa' turn on Evan's light'  But then I hear him say 'Alexa, turn off hallway light,' get frustrated and comes downstairs and ask me when I'm planning to fix the hallway light.  I just tell him to use the switch on the wall.

The Bond was more a convenience thing for me.  I tend to fall asleep before my wife and I'll wake up at 3:00 AM to use the bathroom (I'm 49.  That's what we do...) and the lights will be on because she fell asleep reading a book.  I really don't feel like trying to find where she put the fan remote at 3:00 AM.  It's easier to just whisper 'Alexa, turn off bedroom light.'

So, yes, Alexa is contributing to my laziness.
I'm really liking Home Assistant.  I'm mostly using it for my Aquariums now.  But I want to integrate into my lights to some extent, mostly because of some of the rules I can create.  The idea of having a motion sensor outside near my lights, with rules that say "if it's after sundown and the motion sensor is triggered, turn on the lights."  That way I don't need to worry about time of year or anything else.  It just works.  And when we come home late at night from visiting family, I would love to just flick on the living room lights from my car rather than come home in the dark and fumble for the light switch.

But I know if I get hit by a bus and end up in the hospital, there is no way in hell that my wife or kids could figure this stuff out. 

So...

1. I want to keep all the stuff local, so that my IOT devices don't join a botnet.
2. I want people to be able to bypass my smart stuff if need be.

That's kind of why I like the idea of using Sonoff swtiches to turn stuff on and off.  I wire them into an extension cord.  If I end up in the hospital for a month for some reason, she can just unplug the extension cord and plug stuff directly in the wall.

In my living room, I really need the wall switch to work.  So I was thinking about finding some kind of RF switch I can mount to a wall that would work with a Sonoff RF.  Then I have the convenience of a wall switch and something that is easily removable.
My work pays me $55/month to install on app on my phone and receive my work email on it, instead of carrying a Blackberry.

That work app has a minimum set of requirements on it, so right now I am using an iPhone 6S that I bought right before the 7 came  out.  AT&T had a BOGO deal, so we went in and got 4 phones for the price of 2 (my wife, myself, and my 2 kids.)  The kids, being teenagers, want new phones now.  They can wait.  Personally, I see no need to upgrade my phone.  Does everything that I need.  I'll keep it till work tells me that I need a newer phone to support my email app.
My fasting blood sugar was 119 this morning.  It's normally 150.

There are actual peer reviewed scientific papers that show that AVC can lower blood sugar in T2 diabetics.  I'm trying to dig those up.

Now, my 30 point drop is only one night.  We'll see how the rest of the week goes.
How much metformin are you taking?
In Europe.  The US max dose is 2000 mg.  If a US doctor is making you take 2500 mg, then he's dong it "off label."
I demand 5 things from my phone:

1. Email
2. Audiobooks
3. Music
4. Podcasts
5. Phone calls

I do pretty much everything else from my computer.
A note about this morning.  I work up with a FBS of 119.  Wanted to eat something.  Looked in the fridge and say 3 "keto" chicken strips (Chicken strips breaded with pork rinds mixed with spices and fried with coconut oil).  Heated them up and ate them with some mayo.

1 hour post meal blood sugar:  124
90 minute post mean blood sugar: 121

That's well within the margin of error of the glucometer.  Makes me think my blood sugar did not budge.  
I'm hoping, in the future, someone can come up with an agnostic voice assistant that doesn't need to phone home to Amazon, Google or Apple, and you can just install apps on it and use it locally.

I started doing some minor home automation stuff, and I am using Home Assistant as my solution, because it's local on my LAN and doesn't phone home to someone in the cloud.
I woke up this morning, 24 hours post last does of Jardiance.  FBS should have been 150.  But I took two tablespoons of Apple Cider Vinegar last night and my FBS this morning was 119.  Can't be 100% sure it was the vinegar.  We'll see what the rest of the week looks like, but it's encouraging.
Well, I'm on a keotgenic diet, so 1 hour post meal, my blood sugar is usually only about 10 points above what it was pre-meal.  I think the highest blood sugar I have ever recorded throughout the day has been 170.

Pre-meal varies significantly, depending on what I ate in the prior meal.  A lot of it is very protein dependent.
I hated plugging in a USB thumb drive and having to hold it from the back.
I use Command strips everywhere.  On my desk, I got sick of the USB hub sliding around, so I used 2 Command strips to hold it down.  My cordless phone on the desk, I do the same thing.  2 command strips and now the base doesn't go anywhere.

I also have 6 of them to hold my run to my laminate flooring.  That was a tip from another redditor that worked surprisingly well.
https://i.imgur.com/7m9P7ab.jpg

It's been up there since October 2016.

Maybe they changed the back on newer Echo Dots?
My Echo Dot is stuck to my kitchen wall with 2 command strips.  They stick to the back of the Echo no problem.
This is the problem with streaming music.  You create libraries and playlists. Then one day you want to pack up and leave, and you can't export that information and easily import it into another app.

It really is a form of vendor lock in.

I just keep buying CDs and ripping them to my server.  Everything is in a standard format.
> I don't think "yanking" is the word. I mean other cheaper alternatives would pop up. And they would be favored and over time force bad actors to compete. Market forces.

For you and me, yes.  For the average consumer, killing their only Lightning channel would mess with their world.

Most consumer live by the "tyranny of the default."  IE was the #1 browser for YEARS because it came with Windows.  The only reason why Chrome got a foothold was because of Google ability to pay people to recommend it and make PC bundling deals.  Same with antivirus software, and what your homepage on your browser is.

I think most consumers, if they even get on board with Crypto, will simply use the default channels provided by their wallet and not even know what channels mean.

But we'll see how it goes.  I think "ready for Prime Time" Lightning is still probably 2 years away.
I only get them while on Jardiance.  No Jardiance,  no infection.  In the last 2 months, I have had 3 infections.  Prior to the in my 50 years on this planet, I have had 2 of them, one in my 20s right before I got married and one about 3 years ago.
It depends.  If a bank sets up a lot of channels with various vendors, they will become the "Visa Debt Card" of the Lightning Network and not so easily replaced.  Especially if your wallet is sponsored by Citibank and that's the only channel you and 10,000 other people have open, because their wallet set it up automagically™ and they've never set up another channel.  If you keep yanking Lightning hubs out from under people because they're being bad actors, they'll just abandon crypto.
I grew up eating white vinegar on a semi regular basis as part of certain meals I ate as a child.  Compared to that, Apple Cider Vinegar is a cakewalk.  it's quite tasty.  I'm not sure what in the mixture is supposed to help.  Is it the vinegar, or does the Apple Cider contribute in some way?  Because if it's just the vinegar, and people are using the Apple Cider version to make it more palatable, then I will happily switch to white vinegar.
That's actually a good analogy.

And they will have to know about channels if:

1. They can't find a route to another party.
2. The fee to bounce 10 hops just costs too much and they could save money by opening a direct channel.

I'm curious if, in the future, a Lightning Wallet will offer to open a channel for you to another party.  Could be a wallet profit center.  Offer to open a channel to a large Lightning hub to get you started.

Of course, the average Joe won't know to open other channels, and if the one channel that is opened sponsors the wallet, like say a bank or other financial institution and it's hub is well connected, you may not need to open another channel.

Actually that makes me think that banks may be working on Lightning Wallets that will auto-connect to their hub.  That would be an interesting new revenue stream for banks.

Actually I can see anyone that makes a Lightning wallet creating a hub to auto-connect to as a source of convenience and revenue.
I liked it better.  But it just broke too easy for me.  At least the L held up for a number of years.
Probably someone who was banned and created a new account.
There is no grounds for a lawsuit anyway.  No one owns the trademark or copyright on Bitcoin.  Only the trademark/copyright owner can file a suit like this.
Sorry no.
The L is so much better than the T.  I had 2 T adapters go bad.  After the second one, I raised a pretty big stink at the Apple Store that I was on the THIRD power adapter now, and they gave me the L style for free.  That one lasted a while.

Really sucks that that got rid of Magsafe.  What a genius idea.
The auto top off looks interesting!  What are you using to do that?
Home Assistant can be found at https://www.home-assistant.io/

Setting up Home Assistant, there are a LOT of videos on how to do it.  Here's one I really like:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c2IUIUnxjUY

I'm using Sonoff switches that I flash a custom firmware called Tasmota onto it.  The above video goes over how to do that also.

The Sonoff switch itself is pretty straightforward.  Cut an extension cord in half.  Strip wire on each end and screw into the Sonoff.  Then you plug it in the wall and plug your device into the extension cord.  You now have a smart device you can turn on and off remotely.

For the heater, you do the same thing, except you use a Sonoff TH10, because it has a jack on the side to plug in a temperature probe (that they also sell)

If you don't feel comfortable with flashing custom firmware on your Sonoff stuff, you can leave the Sonoff firmware on there, and just use their app (called eWeLink) to control everything.

The thing I didn't like about EWeLink was that all your switches phone home to the eWeLink Server and so does the app.  So, everything works through the eWeLink server, which I assume it back in China at iTead's server farm.  If that server goes down, you lose control of your devices.  (Well, the button on the Sonoff will still turn your stuff on and off.

I like Tasmota, especially because it gives you triple protection:  rules in Home Assistant will turn your heater on and off, the Sonoff itself will turn the heater on and off, and then the thermostat on the heater.

So, right now, I have Home Assistant turn my heater on at 76.9 and off at 78.0.  If Home Assistant is down for whatever reason, and it can't shut the heater off, there are rules in the Sonoff switch which shut the heater off at 79.  And if that fails for whatever reason, then the thermostat in the heater is set to 81 degrees.

Really most of this is wiring Sonoff switches into extension cord and using that.  Sonoff also makes an outlet adapter:  https://www.itead.cc/smart-home/smart-socket.html.  But those are twice the price and are harder to flash Tasmota onto.
I really can't see how it could be dead simple.  But we'll see what happen in a few years.
This is complete bullshit.
> here is now but it doesn't have to stay that way. Future versions will likely be able to automatically open nodes for you and and keep them funded per simple rules that you set up, like "When total channel capacity drops under $X Add $Y channel capacity. But already you don't have to set up a channel with your grocery store. You just need to connect to a reasonably connected node. And obviously the network needs to be stable and reliable.

That's something you I can do.  Not something grandma is going to do, or someone in a hut in Mexico.
After Paypal fees and shipping, I'm down to $20 on my end.  That's a little too low.  If you lived local and I could hand it you, $30 would be fine.
It depends on how the landscape falls.  If the topology ends up favoring well funded hubs to minimize fees, then the banks have won and will control the Lightning landscape.

It's also going to depend on how much of a hassle it will be to set up a channel and fund it, vs just scanning a QR code and paying someone.

The big problem we have here is that a bunch of Bitcoin enthusiasts are developing this technology and no one is asking "How is my grandmother going to pay for her groceries?"  Scanning a QR code and making an on-chain payment is disgustingly easy for anyone.  Install wallet->Add Bitcoins->Scan QR code.  It's pretty much a mirror image of Open Bank Account->Make Deposit->Use check card to buy groceries.  That's easily understandable by people.

From what I have seen with Lightning, there are more steps involved.

Trying to explain to gandma why there is no route to her grocery store and she'll need to scan a QR code to open a Llightning channel with the grocer and add funds.  But once she does that, she can't use that money for anything else.

And tracking it all will be kind of a pain unless everyone is on Lightning.  Cause you'll be paying some merchants with your Lightning funds, which will be unavailable for on chain transactions unless you close a channel.  And you may not want to close a channel at a time when fees are high.  Plus there is the issue of how much you'll pay in fees per hop on Lightning.  That really has yet to be determined.  Could be miniscule.  Could be outrageous.

However for budgeting purposes it could be pretty cool.  You get paid in BTC.  You have a channel open with everyone you owe money to (cable company, cell phone company, etc.).  You fund the channel as soon as you get paid, but don't send the money yet  Next paycheck you fund it some more till you have enough to make your monthly payment.  Then you live off what's left in your wallet, and send payment when they're due.  As long as fees are low enough, it could be a pretty useful envelope budgeting model.
If I had to guess it's to create a series of well funded hubs do easily slide money around for a fee.
That's kind of why I think it's a bad idea.

He did.  But his soluiton makes much more sense than the mess that is Lightning.

Satoshi also wanted a block size increase.  Sounds like he would have been a fan of Segwit 2X.

Lightning is a good idea that I feel has been warped for the best interests of the banking sector.  I have on good authority that at least one major Western Hemisphere bank has already spun up a Lightning Network project.

I also remember seeing a graphic on a vote on whether or not to increase the block size back in 2015 or 2016.  And the vote went straight down party lines.  The people working for Blockstream voted no 100% and the people not working for Blockstream voted yes 100%.
I will do some hunting myself and see what I can come up with.

Here it is:

https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2013-April/002417.html
Sotoshi's original plan to was to introduce a block size increase and then limit it through software.  He wanted to have a bigger block that was hard limited 1 MB, and then when a certain block number was mined, the network would automagically™ increase it's block size.

I believe this was the plan to deal with the kind of congestion issue we had last year while real solutions could be developed.

Hell, Gavin Andersen WROTE CODE to increase the block size back in 2013.  And if you look at his commits on Github, you'll see an active attempt break his commit almost on a daily basis.  He would write code and sometimes WITHIN HOURS, someone would make changes to GIT HEAD to ensure his patch was broken and could not be merged with the core code.  I mean they could have just rejected his commit.  There was no need to go out of their way to break it.

Now, if Nakamoto did discuss second layer solutions, I'd love to read about it and see what his idea was, because Lightning is a pretty big clusterfuck right now.
>If all packs of cigarettes in the world was bought with on chain transactions the block chain would grow with 73 TB per year. If all transactions were made on the block chain it would be much more, let’s say 3 orders of magnitude, 73 PB per year. Let’s say micro transactions became popular, 3 orders of magnitude again, 73 EB, or 73 000 000 TB. Currently big storage is about $100 per TB per year. Let’s say it drops to 1 cent per TB it would cost $7300 after one year of operation and $73k per year after ten years.

I understand the problem.  I just think that Lightning is a really shitty solution to that problem, because it will promote the exact centralization that everyone fears so much.  It's an interesting idea for micro-transactions.  But as means to avoid paying high transaction fees, it leave a lot to be desired.

I find it kind of hard to believe that there wasn't a "grand plan" by Nakamoto, Andersen and Hearn on how to properly scale the Blockchain.  I can't believe Nakamoto didn't envision this point in Bitcoin history and plan for it.  I really doubt the plan was to never hard fork, and artificially cap the blocks size at 1 MB and never move it.

Once miners lose their reward, on any blockchain, fees will go up.  Anyone who thinks otherwise is deluding themselves.
Do you want Skynet?  Because this is how you get Skynet.
1. I am trying to learn.  I never said that I would not look at your links.  I just said they are theoretical until proven.  Luckily BCH took that route and we'll know in a few years if it was a success.

>But the argument ultimately rests on hardware requirements. I can today run a node 24/7 on a RasPi3 and am paying, what, $10/month? I am happy with that cost. If I had to pay $100/month, I would probably not run one. And most definitely won't be running a server farm.

Curious.  What do you base your $10/month on?  Is that the cost of electricity?

And as time progresses, Raspberry Pis get faster.  The current P 3B+ is considered to be 10 times faster than the original Pi that came out in 2013.  So in 5 years we've increased power in that thing 10 fold, but managed to keep the price at $35.    I think the $35 Pi will be than capable of handing the needs of larger blocks  as time progresses

>The more expensive, the fewer can do it. GB blocks require high end bandwidth to be viable. Very expensive. Let's not even start talking about TB blocks.

TBH I think a GB or TB block is insane.  We're going to run out of coins that can be mined before that happens.  And when we get there, expect fees to really skyrocket.  I could see people trying to use solar and wind power in order to try and reduce the electricity costs for miners.
Papers about block increases are not proof.  They're speculation.
The very first time I saw a video that was pro-Lightning, I had not formed an opinion on anything yet.  And I immediately said to myself "Holy shit!  So this is the rise of Bitcoin banks!"

I work for a bank and I can easily see how we can, with almost no effort, slide into the ecosystem and take over completely.
The problem with the testnet is that it's free.  We can't simulate the fee structure.  We can't simulate the rise of Lightning hubs.

I'm sure on testnet Lightning works great.  My concern is not with the technical side of things.  I'm  more concerned with the functional side of things once it's implemented and live.
Why does the size of the blockchain matter?  Storage gets cheaper as time progresses.
I am not banned from /r/bitcoin.

>Larger blocks do increase centralization, no doubts about that.

There is ZERO proof of this.  We have never had a block size larger than 1 MB until recently (except in the very beginning), so we have no idea how the network will react to it.

1. I never claims Segwit was a security hole.  I claimed RBF was.
2. Core parrots are a thing.  There are a LOT of people on /r/Bitcoin that do not understand the technology they support.  I don't claim to be an expert, but at least I am trying to learn.
3. Segwit does have 'artificially low fees."  - Segwit transactions are weighted differently than non-Segwit transactions.  I was mistaken on this.  The fees are not lower.  The reward for mining is.  In theory, this should raise the fees miners charge, since they're making less per transaction.
> SegWit is an artificial cheat to make it look like it lowers fees. SegWit signatures are slightly larger than traditional ones, but get a 75% discount. A rational miner is best served by selecting non-SegWit coins to fill a block first because they pay more per byte.

I love how Segwit reduces miner profitability, yet everyone wonders why Segwit isn't taking off.
Heinz has a low sugar ketchup that is 2 carbs per serving and this stuff is 1 gram of sugar per serving.
I'm going to add onion powder instead of salt.
Thanks!

I know what I am making for dinner tonight!
From the linked article:

>
    2 lb chicken tenders
    1 (3-3/4 oz) bag pork rinds, finely crushed
    1/2 cup panko bread crumbs
    1 tsp cajun/creole seasoning or seasoned salt
    1/4 tsp black pepper
    2 eggs, lightly beaten
    2 Tbsp mayonnaise
    2 Tbsp water
    1/4 cup flour
    cooking spray

Notice the Panko bread crumbs and the flour?  Did you just skip those ingredients?
Panko?  Those are bread crumbs.  The recipe calls for a 1/2 cup.  That's 24g of carbs.  Seems kind of high.
:)
Atkins claimed in his book that Aspartame would definitely spike blood sugar.  But he was very bullish on sucralose.

A glucometer and test strips are way cheaper than a ketone meter.  I may have an old glucometer I can send you, if you're interested.  You just need to buy test strips.

Sounds like I need to test myself.
My 17 year old son is totally hooked on One Night In Bangkok.
MSG has zero carbs in it.

The amp.  If your DAC is changing the sound, it's doing it wrong.
Looks exactly the same to me.
Awesome.  ABBA is some pretty awesome pop music.  And Benny and Björn wrote all the music for the musical Chess.  They're talented guys.  I believe the two of them have been best friends since grade school.
Will we get new music, or is this just going to be a greatest hits tour?

EDIT: New Music!  I'm a little more excited than I should be.

https://www.dn.se/kultur-noje/musik/abba-records-first-new-music-in-35-years/
Well, the LN roadmap calls for a block size increase.  At some point core will have no choice.
With a larger block size, wouldn't it be far easier to set up a miner that has no transaction fees or fees at say 1/10 the going rate and be able to "steal away customers" from other miners?

It also kind of bug me that Segwit transactions are weighted lower, so they naturally have lower fees associated with them.  Makes me feel like this is an artificial cheat to make it look like Segwit is working to lower fees.
I think it's pretty clear that Segwit was going to activate no matter what.  If they didn't have the consensus, they would have propped up nodes themselves to get consensus.
The full story of Segwit link is very informative.

I'm big believer in bigger blocks.  I never understood the point to Segwit.  And I think that Lightning is indeed a second layer catering to banks.

So no need to sell me on anything.

But, you can't point someone to this post and expect them to believe it, sadly.  It's not referenced.  And even though we all know and love Mike and Gavin, the current Core follower cult thinks they're as evil as Roger Ver, because they support bigger blocks.

The other thing I fail to understand is, what the f*** is the point to a full node?  If you're going to up a PC on the Blockchain, set it up as a miner.  I believe the Whitepaper assumed all nodes would be miners.  Not exactly sure where this full node idea came from.
It's great how they're willing to create a security hole in order to deal with a congestion issue, but refuse to even budge on the block size.
The only beef I have with Airport hardware was the need for a dedicated app to configure it.  Why couldn't there just be a web interface on the router?
[The Bitcoin WIki](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Transaction_malleability) claims that malleability is really only an issue before transactions are confirmed.  Once they're confirmed, they're pretty much locked in.

Heck, isn't RBF a huge malleability issue in itself?
The last time I read the white paper was back in 2010.  Maybe it's time for a revisit.

So these maleability fixes REDUCE security?
You can't argue against Lightning, if you don't fully understand it.  Core is full of parrots that repeat the mantra without fully understanding it.  I refuse to be a BCH parrot.  I want to actually understand what's going on here.
The stock pads get my ears way too warm.
I have SR-60s.  They were my first decent headphones.  I haven't used them in years.  But I keep them by the computer just in case.

Strongly recommend an upgrade to the [L-Cush Pads.](https://www.amazon.com/Grado-Headphone-Replacement-Cushion-replacement/dp/B0006GCCO0)  Way more comfortable
Blocked.
It's actually pretty good.  The big problem I have with sugar free BBQ sauce is that it does not carmelize on the food (no sugar in it) you put it on as it cooks, so it never become tangy and gooey and sticks to the food.  It works better as a dipping sauce.  On the grill, after it cooks, it will rub of pretty easily.
I think part of the problem is how movies work nowadays.  Movies premiere on 4 screens in one theater and make their money back on opening weekend a lot of times.   Then week 2 and 3, even if trails off, it's all gravy.

When I was a teenager back in the 80s, movies would stay in theaters a lot longer and there wasn't this mad rush to go see something opening weekend.  People would wait for the reviews and decide if it was worth seeing.  A bad movie would die off really fast and lose a lot of money.

Nowadays, Michael Bay makes Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.  It gets a 22% on Rotten Tomatoes, and a sequel is green-lit because the movie was profitable.  30 years ago, a 22% on Rotten Tomatoes would have totally tanked and Bay's name would have been poison in Hollywood.
Have a nice day.

Your anger over Bitcoin Cash reveals where the real problem lies.

I've been actively using Bitcoin since 2010.  I don't have an agenda.  And you're totally clueless.

>This is rich coming from the guy who didn't even understand that big blocks centralize nodes.

There is ZERO proof of this, because big blocks have NEVER been tried before, except in the early days of Bitcoin.  Bitcoin Cash it the first attempt to expand the block beyond 1 MB.  Whether it works or not **IS YET TO BE PROVEN!**  Don't go preaching the big block gospel like it's some kind of scientifically proven absolute.

You're obviously young and naive, so I won't bother refuting anything you have said.

Get the last word in, and then block me please.

**CAN SOMEONE WHO ACTUALLY KNOWS WHAT THEY ARE TALKING ABOUT ANSWER MY QUESTIONS?"**
You are seriously dense.

So anyone that even slightly questions the narrative is an automatic Bitcoin Cash shill?!

Seriosuly.  Calm the f*ck down.

Now seriously.  Lightning IS going to require a hard fork block size increase.  That's in the road map.  How is a block size increase done 1 or 2 years from now not going to centralize nodes the way everyone fears Bitcoin Cash will?

>Oh look, my original comment was correct. You weren't here just asking questions, you're a bcash shill with an agenda just like I said you were. Imagine that.

This is genuine question and NOT at attempt to shill.  Are things being put in place to make large block mining "safer" in the future than it is now with how Bitcoin Cash went about it?  If they are, what are those things and where can I read about them?

>There is a big difference between gradually raising the block size a little bit at a time, only as needed rather than just opening the flood gates and jumping straight into huge massive blocks and cramming every micro transaction into a bloated blockchain.

Isn't that kind of what Segwit 2X was trying to do?  Gradually increase the block size when congestion was at it's worst?  Yeah, I know that Segwit 2X was a big cluster**** when it activated.  But that was really because no one was working on it but one guy.  Had some core developers helped the guy out, I think it could have been a success.

>The difference here is that the Core developers are actually innovating and creating ways to optimize blocks and make the blockchain as efficient as possible before having to increase the block size.

They really are not.  None of the core developers are in any way involved in Lightning.  There are three independent groups involved in Lightning development right now, and they're basically all just coding the white paper in different languages.  Core didn't even come up with Segwit.  That was a third party in Asia.

> ~~Bcash~~ Bitcoin Cash is just using the blockchain as a garbage dump thinking they can just keep increasing the blocks endlessly without repercussions.

This could very well be the case.  But isn't it great that we have two different coins right now that have taken different approaches to the same problem?  3-5 years from now, we'll see which approach was the better one, based on which coin the market has chosen to abandon.  Bitcoin has always had Litecoin to test future technologies, such as Segwit and Lightning.  But no one has tried a larger block before.  I'm curious to see how it will play out.  Big Blocks could be the answer.  Or they could be a disaster.  That's for the market to decide.

To be honest, there isn't a single thing in your comments that hasn't been parroted by dozens of other people in this subreddit.  Do you truly understand how this technology works at a technical level, enough to make informed decisions, or do you just follow the crowd and say "Big blocks bad, Segwit good."

I COMPLETELY admit that I am in favor of a block size increase over an off chain solution such as Lightning.  I think it's needlessly complicated.  But that doesn't automagically make me a bcash shill.  There are lots of other cryptos out there that don't plan to deploy Segwit or Lightning.  None of the other coins out there have a transaction volume that would justify deploying either Segwit or Lightning.  TBH, I'm not really sure why Litecoin even did it.
Sold Schiit Magni 2 Uber and Schiit Modi 2 to /u/Nighthawk7397
Correct.  All Lightning needs is a functional Blockchain.  You could pin it to any Blockchain you want.  Hell, it's been running on Litecoin (aka Bitcoin testbed) for far longer than it has been on the BTC Blockchain.
Why so infrequently if you like the sound?
My computer and phone do not get the HD6xx loud enough.  I'm really liking them though and plan to keep them.
All you need to do is figure one out and marry her.  The you're good for 30-50 years if you're lucky.
Def need to hold to aim.  I'm not circumcised and there is certain amount of resistance caused bu the foreskin that would just make it trickle straight down and hit my pants.

So, why don't you roll back the foreskin and pee that way, you ask?  Well, I could, but the problem there is just the sheer force of the stream, at least for me.  If I hold my penis straight out, I can either pee or ejaculate 3 feet away easy, maybe even more.  Without the foreskin there to "soften the blow," I'd make an enormous mess.

And no, I will not make a video and post it on /r/WTF 
I'm 49.  I have always done open direct communication and prefer it back.  It's one of the things that really attracted me to my wife.  I don't need you to show off.  Just be honest and sincere.
I used to have lots of questions about women.  Then I met my wife and learned it was the specific women I was dealing with.

1. I used to wonder why the f*** women get so uptight about men going out with their friends to strip clubs.  Then I met my wife, and she honestly doesn't give a crap if I go or don't go.

2. I used to wonder why the f*** women get upset that men watch porn.  Again, my wife doesn't care and watches it herself.

3. Always wondered why women were so uptight about basic bodily functions.  I've had girlfriends that will scream at me to leave the bedroom if they're in the master bath with the door closed.  Again, wife doesn't really care.  if I ask her a question, I never get a "why can't you wait till I am out of the bathroom?"

After 21 years of marriage, I'm not confused any more.  But I also know I had better not blow it, because I'm never going to have it this good again.

EDIT:  I need to point out that I grew up around women.  My mom had 2 boys and almost all her friends had girls, so from birth to about 4-5 years old I played almost exclusively with girls.  And most of those girls I am actually still friends with 48-49 years later.  Makes some of their husbands jealous that there is this guy who's known their wife since they were born but is not related to them.
See my thread on /r/headphones:

https://www.reddit.com/r/headphones/comments/8ex05t/its_a_massdrop_kind_of_day/
Sold
The problem I had with the first two Star Trek films is that they were basically action/adventure movies that just happened to take place in a rebooted Star Trek universe.  They were entertaining, but they weren't Star Trek films.

I think Star Trek Beyond was the first real Star Trek film in the group.
My point is that:

1. Big blocks are required for Lightning
2. Big blocks are bad because they cause centralization of mining.

Pick a narrative and go with it already.  If big blocks are bad, why would you create and roll out a solution that requires big blocks?
Big blocks will be required in the future to handle lightning. 
The only difference I notice is that the O2 has an ever so slightly accentuated bass compared to the Schiit.  I find listening to music with rather heavy drums (anything by Phil Collins and Huey Lewis and News for example), I find the drums a tad more satisfying (when listening to non-remastered original releases that are not brick walled.)

I had the two side by side last year and I had the song ["There's Something Going On" by Frida](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p98PjtSfNWo) (Phil Collis produced the song and played drums on it) and I found the drums in the song to be a tad more satisfying on the O2.  It's slight. and I really to listen to catch it.

The I decided to fire up some Rush.  But, despite Neal Peart's genius in percussions, Rush albums are not mixed to exaggerate the drums, so it was not as pronounced on those tracks.
If Lightning takes off and actually does what it claims it does,  I don't see why Bitcoin Cash would not consider adopting it.

Funny part is Lightning, at some point, is going to require a larger block size hard fork.  I've seen that mentioned quite a number of times on Lightning discussions.  But the roadmap seems to be to get Lightning to a point where it's widely adopted before they choose to go that route.

>As far as I understand it, all you need is some type of maleability fix to use Lightning

Maleability was fixed in BIP-63 and then again in BIP-66, and BIP-141 claims that that their maleability fix fixes a problem with the one in BIP-63.  But there is no technical detail around whether the fix in BIP-141 is only needed by Segwit, or if non-Segwit blockchains will also experience the issue.

I guess I just want to know more than what the documentation has in it.
Nothing against it.  When comparing the O2 to the Magni 2 Uber, using a Modi 2, I have always preferred the sound of the O2.  It's bass has just the tiniest bit more kick to it as compared to the Magni 2 Uber.  And, even though the M2U specs show it to be more powerful that the O2, when I level match the two amps, the volume knob sits at the same location when I used my HD6xx.

And, from a cosmetic and usability standpoint:

1. The volume knob on the O2 is light years ahead of the M2U.   The O2 knob has 2 rubber O rings around it to make it easier to grip.  and it has a white dot on it to indicate volume position.  The M2U knob has a volume notch in the aluminum that is harder to read and the knob is smooth aluminum.  It's not as easy to turn or see where the volume is at.
2. The gain and power switches on the front of the O2 are just more user friendly than the ones on the rear of the M2U.

Sound-wise, the two are 99% identical, other than that ever so slight bass boost.

The big plus for me right now is that I was using the O2 with the Modi 2 and I had both mounted under my desk with a huge mess of wires tapes down.  Having just the O2+ODAC elimiated a whole lot of wires and just cleaned things up.

EDIT: And one last thing.  The O2 will actually run off of 9 volt rechargeable batteries.  This can supposedly lower the noise floor further by taking it off mains power.  I put two 9V in mine and didn't notice any difference.  But it is kind of cool that I could use it portably if I wanted to.  It's obviously too big to fit in your pocket.  But if you were a college student going to the library, you can just drop it on the table and plug your phone and headphones into it and basically have a full desktop headphone amp running on your desk.
I'm curious to see how it all plays out.

I fully admit that I feel that Lightning will give rise to Bitcoin Banks and we'll see Lightning hubs pop up run by the linkes of Citibank and Chase.

But I'm waiting to see what happens.  I think Lightning is one big clusterfuck of a mess designed just to avoid a block size increase.  But I am willing to see how it plays out.  I'll be thrilled to admit I am wrong, because anything that accelerates crypto adoption over fiat is a win.
I did it just for the photo.  I have a proper headphone hanger on the other side of my desk.
My cables have been OK.  They're nice and snug.  They came with the O2.
Have I unloaded any FUD?  I have not.  I've just watched 3 different YouTube videos abut Lightning and they all said that Lightning without Segwit is "unsafe" or "dangerous" and they never bothered to explain why.

So, I want to know.  If you don't want to help explain, the move along.  Obviously you don't understand the technical details behind how Bitcoin operates other than parroting "Segwit good.  Big block bad."  Well, I actually want to LEARN SOMETHING.  Heaven forbid people have an open mind and try to educate themselves.

Of course the next question is, is the maleability fix introduced in BIP -141 something other cryptos that DO NOT use Segwit such as Bitcoin Cash (or any of the others out there) need to worry about, or is the specific maleability fix in BIP-141 something that is only required because of Lightning.  Other than Segwit, BIP-141 obviously fixes a problem.  But does it fix a problem created by Segwit (which is fine.  Better to fix it at implementation, rather than find out later down the road), or does it fix a problem that currently exists in other blockchains.  If that issue exists in other blockchain, can it be fixed without Segwit?  Meaning is the maleability issue present in other blockchains correctable without implementing Segwit? 
Ive had a regular O2 and Modi 2 under my desk using Command strips for close to a year.  How long did your last?
It doesn't really relate to closing the channel.  But the way Lighning is designed, each hop can charge you a fee for use of their connection.  So, in theory, if it took you 7 hops to get somewhere, you could end up paying 7 fees.  

Whether that's going to happen in practice remains to be seen, but it's a possibility.
Pictured:

1. New (to me) O2+ODAC combo unit
2. Massdrop HD6xx.

The headphones look way more blue in this picture than they do in person.

People have written about both products ad-nauseum, so I don't know if you need yet another recap of how they sound.

But the amp drives headphones to skull splitting levels just fine.  I have no complaints about the sound.  And it's nice to have one compact unit that has both amp and DAC in one form factor.

I can now pack up my Schiit stack and put it away in a drawer.

The O2+ODAC is hanging under my desk now secured by 3M Command strips.  Gets it out of the way and it really doesn't move.

And the ODAC is USB Audio Class 1, so no driver needed on Windows, always a plus.
I agree.  But it's way too easy to go to another URL while in the pinned tab and then you have a whole new pinned website now.
Luke Jr. is a VERY devout Traditionalist Catholic.  Using biblical symbolism is not surprising.
I wonder what it will cost to close the channel.  How many hops?
Here's one:

https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/7f28vz/breaking_news_cobrabitcoin_dox_himself/

There was another post done on Twitter where LukeJr responded to a response someone made to a CobraBitcoin post where he talked about how hard it was to keep multiple online identities straight.  Can't find that one right now.
Since I have never had a business account, I did not know that.  That's just silly.  I would think the first one that eliminated that might get themselves a lot of business.
It's already been verified.  LukeJr has been caught using his ID to reply as CobraBitcoin to people on more than one occasion.
Mortgage rates are artificially low now because of the Fed.  Check card revenues are low now because of Dodd-Frank.  Increased regulatory pressure has raised operating costs.

It's harder to be a bank today than it has ever been before.  I expect fees to go up more and more in banks.

I work for a bank, and I am about to close all my accounts and move to a credit union, mostly because my credit union has a more convenient ATM network than my employer does.

My bank's biggest source of revenue prior to 2007 was to write mortgages and flip them, literally at the table.  We'd suck you in with no fees, because we made all our money on the sale of the mortgage. Well, that revenue stream is gone now.  And we didn't write sub-prime loans.  We did proper credit checks and appraisals.  Wrote 15 and 30 year fixed mortgages.  We didn't dabble in balloon payments or any of that crap.  We turned down a lot of people.  But when 2007 hit and no one was buying mortgages, we had to spend a LOT of money to set up an infrastructure in order to keep loans, accept and process monthly payments.

Now to your example of a cash deposit fee.  That's just stupid.  Especially when they give you a loophole like that.  If it was me, I'd go find another bank.  I would just keep in mind that over the next 5-10 years, I would expect banking to become even more expensive in the US, especially when the student loan bubble bursts and we have another major recession.

Your story reminds me of Mellon Bank back in the 90s.  I had an account there and in order to get "Internet Checking" I had to agree to not use a teller for my checking account, or I would get hit with a $5.00 fee.  But I could use a teller to make a deposit into my savings account for free, and then use the ATM in the lobby to transfer money from savings to checking, still allowing me to use the teller.  Makes me wonder why they even bothered.
Whether it was a setback or not, I'm curious how not activating Segwit would have affected lightning.  Lightning has been in development for how long now?  Was there a plan B in case Segwit did not activate?

And Segwit is really a soft-fork in name only.  Any non-Segwit client cannot see any signature data in a Segwit block.  Signature data is kinda of important.

It's impossible for a non-Segwit client to do anything with a Segwit block really.  Soft-forks typically add new features while remaining backwards compatible.  This one actually took away features.  The only reason it's soft fork is because you're still allowing non-Segwit blocks.  It's not because the old clients can do anything with Segwit blocks.
And what would have happened to Lightning if Segwit did not activate?
That makes sense.  When Java 8 came out, or company bought a support contract for Java 6, so we could keep getting security updates.

What surprises me here is that they're going to keep offering public updates to consumers.  Usually, all updates are paywalled once general support ends.
And that fix supersedes BIP 66 or is it the same fix that is in BIP 66?
People now expect far more from banks than they did 20-30 years ago.  They want to deposit by check.  They wants 24/7 ATM availability.  They want online banking that doesn't suck.  They want VISA Debit Cards.  This stuff does not come free.

And on top of of that, add all the regulatory requirements imposed by Sarbanes–Oxley and Dodd-Frank and you see profit margins slipping.

And banks HAVE TO make a profit to stay in business.  There are lots of banks around.  If you don't like what your bank is doing, go join a credit union.  But even credit unions are starting to charge fees now, because they need to offer good online banking and have access to a large fee-free ATM network.  And they're too small to roll their own solutions, so they outsource it to companies that have build a business model around helping credit unions by creating an online banking experience with a mobile app.

People's expectations of banks have really changed.  You used to go to the bank and make a deposit into your savings account.  Then, when checking accounts were created, you would deposit some of the money into your checking account, but keep cash out to buy groceries and other retail purchases.  Now, people just direct deposit their checks and use their check card for all their purchases.

I think the end state here is to completely eliminate paper money and coin of any kind.  That way every single transaction you do can be tracked in some way, and there is a bank involved every time money changes hands.
That still doesn't answer the question.  Why is Segwit needed to make Lightning safe?  Why wasn't BIP 66 enough?

It's been repeatedly stated that Lightning is "not safe" without Segwit, but no one ever explains why that's the case.
This looks like it was fixed in BIP 66, and not in Segwit, which is BIP 141.
1 satoshi in fees on the Lightning channel, or 1 Satoshi to close the channel?
I don't see why you would "pin" a tab, if it doesn't stay locked to the site you pinned in the first place.

Cobra is LukeJr.
A bill neither Apple nor Ireland want.  This is being forced on Ireland by the EU.
I believe this is standard practice.  The new version is free.  The old version requires a support contract.  Heck, we're up to Java 10 already.  Java 11 is due out in September.

So, with the release of 10, 8 falls off of enterprise support without a support contract.
Microsoft has announced that Windows 10 is the last version of Windows ever.  Everything going forward is just feature packs, aka creators updates, or SAC (semi-annual channel) update.  So it looks like each SAC update will be supported for 2 years.  So, the current Fall Creators Update will have support through 2019.  The Spring update (which has been delayed) will have support through 2020 and so on.

The big challenge for us is getting a Windows 10 image through alpha and beta image testing, certifying it "gold," and then having business lines test all their apps against it and sign off on it.  Honestly, I don't see how we'll be able to pull that off in 2 years before the image goes out of support.

Our IT moves INSANELY slow.  I used to be on the Desktop Engineering team.  We cut a Windows 7 image, tested it and started to deploy it in under 9 months.  Then the corporate overlords from on-high decided that the Windows 7 image was going to be an "enterprise initiative."

2 1/2 years later we finally started rolling the new Windows 7 image out done by a bunch of paid consultants.  The people actually cutting the wim were in India.  So, we'd get an image, report a bug, and have to wait 24 hours to get a response, because they were all asleep.  So, every time we needed a new image it took 48 hours, and then the time it took to copy a 4 TB image from a server in India to the US.  It was a nightmare.

Right now from PXE booting a PC to boxing it up for client delivery and initial login takes 4 1/2 hours.  Our Windows 7 image that was rejected took about 45 minutes to deliver, under 30 min on an SSD.
Correct.  And banks went with no-fee checking accounts when they were raking in a lot of money from VISA debit card profits.  Now that that revenue stream was yanked out from under them, they can either charge customers or non-customers.  Who do you think they're going to pick?
I don't treat my house as an investment.  I treat it as a home.  I bought my house back in 2001 and will be done paying it off in  2023.  It's not the biggest house in the world.  But it has enough room for me.  In May of 2023, I will have an extra $1400 a month I can spend on fixing the place up

And I didn't buy a "starter home."  I bought a house under the assumption that I would stay here forever.  And that's what I am planning to do at this point.  I really don't care if it goes down or up in value.  I'm not planning to go anywhere.  It's cheaper to take a 10K home equity loan and do some work to the house, than sell it and move somewhere else.

I see coworkers that will still have a mortgage payment when they're in their 70s, because they're on their 3rd house and every one gets a 30 year mortgage.  Taking out a 30 year mortgage when you're in your mid 40s is insane.

I think most people these days just assume they need to make a mortgage payment their entire life, and when they retire, they'll just move into a retirement community and just pay the monthly rent.

There used to be a time where you would put a down-payment on your house with the money you got at your wedding, and you moved into it and stayed there, unless you changed jobs.  Now people are buying "starter homes" with balloon mortgages under the belief that houses always go up in value, and they can sell it for a profit and "step up" to a better home, and then use that house to step up and get the house they really need.

That's batshit crazy.  Assume the house you buy, you will be stuck there forever.  Then you don't have an 
"Oh shit!" moment when your balloon is due, and the interest rate is 2 points higher than it was was when you bough the house originally.


True.  But the person who wrote the check is usually paying a monthly fee to maintain a checking account.  That fee is supposed to allow for the processing of checks.
This is completely accurate.  I wish more people would understand this concept.
Banks made a LOT of money off check card transactions.  When you use your ATM card as a VISA or Mastercard, there is a percentage that is grabbed as a fee, 1%-3%.  That small amount is divided up between the bank, the processing company, and Visa/Mastercard.  On a "check card" (VISA/Mastercard debit card), the slice of that fee that the bank gets is a LOT higher  than with a plain credit card.  VISA and Mastercard did this on purpose in order to get banks to start issuing debit cards instead of ATM cards.  And it worked wonderfully.  Banks were making a TON of money.

Then Dodd-Frank came along.  There was an amendment added to the bill called the Durbin Amendment.  The Durbin Amendment capped the amount of money that a bank could collect from a VISA/Mastercard Debit Card transaction in order to try and help businesses.  So, that credit card transaction fee got smaller.  But it also meant banks were now making far less money.

So, through the 90s through 2007 banks were rolling in the money.  They eliminated most fees.  They rolled out new better online experiences.  They expanded their ATM networks and shoved ATMs in malls and convenience stores everywhere.  Then a major source of revenue came to a screeching halt with Dodd Frank.  Not only does it now cost a fortune to file Dodd-Frank regulatory reports with the government (adding to costs), but one of their profit centers was decreased by the same law.

So, you gotta make up your losses somewhere.  And that starts with more fees.

Now, I'm not saying this to make you feel sorry for banks.  A lot of them did some really shady crap to cause the 2007 financial collapse.  But I am just putting things in context for you as to why banks are now charging a fee to make you cash a check if you don't have an account there.
It boggles my mind that a bank now charges to cash a check, even though they are the ones to issue it.

The fact that you have to pay a fee to access your own money boggles my mind.
Credit Unions have come a long way.  I just opened up a checking account with my credit union over the weekend.

1. Their online banking was significantly better than my bank.
2. They actually offered an online Quicken-like took for money management. 
3. Their ATM network is pretty big.  I can use the ATM in any 7-Eleven, Wawa and a bunch of other places fee free.
4. A lot of credit unions now have "shared branching," so I can use the branch of another credit union closer to my house for my banking.  My credit union has 5 branches, and the nearest one is 15 min away.  But there's "shared branch" that's only 5 minutes away.

I would, personally, steer away from a credit union that has a lot of branches (30+).  I feel they're no better than a bank.  But a small credit union with, say 5 branches is going to care way more about your than a large bank will.
I see a lot of people looking for a government bailout near where I live.  Coworkers that bought houses in 2006 at 2X+ their market value and demand the government do something about it.  People that bought houses in a flood zone on the end of a river and demand the government buy them out of their houses because the builder "lied to them."  People that have their kids go nowhere in life and blame the public school system.

Government gives someone to point the finger at when you make a poor choice in life.
Sounds like it's time buy a huge pile of steaks at Costco....
Confirmed.
Phone would need more ROM.
It's as if Jimmy Page and Robert Plant had 4 love children and they formed a band.
We've completely given up on on-premises.

The problem we're having is that different lines of business are starting to pay for or roll their own solutions.

One group really needed Sharepoint with Office Online, mostly so multiple people can edit the same Excel spreadsheets.  The plan is to move to hosted Sharepoint which has Office Online.  But to use that, you need to be on the Windows 10 image (corporate decision, not technical), and that's Q3/Q4 2019.  And since they have placed the internal Sharepoint environment "in freeze," the team is not allowed to add an Office Online server to our Sharepoint infrastructure.

So, one Business Unit bought a subscription to Workiva Wdesk for 50 users and are using that instead.

I expect BUs to start rolling out their own IM solutions soon.  We have LOTS of issues with screen shared dropping, people being unable to join meeting, etc.

People are getting fed up.
We use it for chat and screen shares during meeting.  We're not using it for PBX or anything else fancy.
Well we're migrating from Lync 2010 on premesis to SfB Online.  But that isn't happening until Q3/Q4 2019.

Will the existing SfB client in office 2016 connect to to a Teams backend and work?
You could.  But that would add to the cost of the phone.

I would NEVER want an electronics device without at least some kind of port on it for emergencies.

All we need is screen sharing and chat.  We don't use it for VoIP.  We do use it for meetings, but we use conference lines with Lync.
The way we do things here is that once a new product is selected, the only product goes "in freeze," which means all it gets is security updates.  We've had stuff "frozen" for 2+ years waiting for a new product to roll out.

Things like Lync they'll continue to add new users to, because it's our enterprise communication tool.  But other things just infuriate me.  We approved Intralinks VIA and then "froze" it 6 months later because we chose OneDrive as it's replacement.  So absolutely no new VIA users aloud, even though OneDrive isn't rolling out till Q3 2019 with the Windows 10 image.  And now they just rolled a new alpha Windows 10 image out without OneDrive in it and made it a "Day 2 deliverable." which means they'll look at OneDrive after the Win 10 rolllout is done.

Now Lync is frozen.  So if hosted SfB goes belly and they want teams, we'll go looking for a new product and leave everyone on Lync 2010.  It will be long, painful, and take at least 5 years.
Have no idea.  That's done by another team that refuses to answer any questions.
This problem did not exist when headlights were glass.
I remember when the PowerMac G3 came out and you pulled that little handle and the side just came down and you had full access to the motherboard.  That, in my opinion, was brilliant.

It's so sad that Apple has come so far from those days.
If you've ever dorked a phone and needed to use DFU mode in iTunes to bring it back to life, you'd mind it a great deal.

And, how fast is wireless charging anyway?  When I last used it on Android years ago it was slow as dirt compared to using a USB cable.
Here is my attempt to say "Hey Siri, check out the band Dorothy" after I heard one of their songs on the radio.

https://i.imgur.com/uu5UCMC.jpg
I have a Google Play Music subscription.  Same price as Apple Music and comes with free YouTube Red (My kids want the YouTube Red.)

I've been using the following trick with Google Play Music:

1. Hey Siri, open Google Assistant
2. Ok Google Play the song Purple Rain

Google Assistant works flawlessly.

Siri, on the other hand, half the time, says "You don't have an app called Google Assistant on your iPhone" when, clearly I do, since it opens it without issue about half the time.

Apple had such a HUGE lead with Siri, and then they let it flounder.  Makes me sad.
Apple has sadly gone totally form over function.  Makes me sad.  They have, probably, the best desktop OS (for now).  And they keep releasing hardware that requires you hang a half dozen dongles off the damn thing.  I totally get that USB-C is the future.  But how about more than one USB-C port on the damn thing?

I mean, there was really no good technical reason to completely seal up the laptop, solder on the RAM and make it impossible to upgrade ANYTHING about the laptop.

If they're going to release a new Mac mini, it needs to have an opening on the bottom to upgrade the RAM and HD.

I sometimes wonder if the new Mac Pro is taking so long, because Apple has forgotten how to design a computer you can open up, and the new Mac Pro will be just as sealed as every other Mac, and they're busy designing a series of external expansion buses, so you can "expand" it by using some new high speed port with $100 dongles and cables.

The fact that the new iPhone supports wireless charging kinda scares me.  Makes me think the iPhone 11 will lose the Lightning port completely and do wireless HDMI and wireless charging only.
Didn't Elon Musk just pitch giant battery banks for the states?  
If they're occupied and things are turned on inside.  Overnight, the effect is far lower.
And this is how the dependence on fossil fuels end.  All the legislation in the world will not be half as effective as people not using it.

For that matter, i don't understand why the heck we still have a power grid.  It's a massive single point of failure.  Every residential home going forward should be built with solar panels, a windmill and a battery pack in the basement and be completely off grid.  Same with office buildings.  I understand this gets increasingly harder, the farther north you get with heating requirements, but you need to start somewhere.
I never got the point to SUVs.  I'm still rockin' a minivan.  They have significantly more room than a SUV (both for hauling stuff and people), an they generally tend to be a little cheaper than an SUV.
I have a 72 month loans and am really annoyed.  It's completely my fault for not looking at the paperwork more thoroughly.  But car loans were always 60 months.  It's been that way as far as i can remember.  So, I assumed the paperwork put in front of me was for a 60 month loan.  But no, now it's a 72 month loan.
I did watch it.  And there were no TECHNICAL reasons it can't be done.  They were all business decisions.

RCS can't do encryption, because it doesn't have it as a feature.

And things like Allo don't have end to end encryption, because you can't have Google Assistant integration + end to end encryption.

IMHO, RCS should have been allowed to die.  It's adoption was close to nothing..

I mean, they claim Chat is almost here, and they still don't really have buy in from AT&T and Verizon.  The article says Google got it, but The Verge says that both companies refused to comment on it.

Personally I still would have gone the "front end app with plugins" approach.

The problem is, in the US, telcos (either mobile or home) basically just want to do as little as possible to their infrastructure and continue to profit from it.  That's why a lot of America still has 2 pairs of thin copper wire running to your door to give you phone service.  At a minimum, we should have had ISDN lines in everyone's house by the 80s.

Apple did the right thing with iMessage.  They bypassed the carriers and went their own way.  And they created an app that provded a seamless experience for end users.  I thought Google was heading there with Hangouts, when they merged Google Chat and SMS together.  Then, like classic Google, they abandoned it.  Why wasn't Allo just the new version of Hangouts?
Why?
This is the right solution
Thanks!  I just took the pen and mailed it off to Danny Fudge.  Tracking says he'll get it on Monday.  Hopefully he can turn it around pretty quickly.

The guy originally wanted $60 for the pen.  It was up on Craigslist for about 2 weeks, so I emailed him and offered $40.  He said he was unable to ink the pen and didn't know anything about it.  I told him without knowing if it was even working, I couldn't offer more than $40 for it.  He said to come on over.
The next version of Tasmota will support rules right on the Sonoff:

https://github.com/arendst/Sonoff-Tasmota/wiki/Rules

So, if it loses wifi, it will still turn on and off as needed.


>  Running them on a heater for on/off seems kinda risky because if they lose wifi for whatever reason the heater will stay in it's last state which is on/off.

That's when you rely on the thermostat of the heater to take over.
Sadly, a "dead" product for consumers.
SMS is slow because it only goes out when the phone sends it's keepalive ping to the tower.  Any data based chat is instantaneous.
Even Apple's Messages doesn't allow search.  Which client are you using that allows Search?
I don't know if anyone remembers the 90s and early 2000s, with desktop chat clients:  ICQ, MSN Messenger, AOL Instant Messenger, Google Chat, Jabber, Yahoo Messenger.  Everyone was on a different chat service and programs like GAIM (Pidgin), Adium and Trillian sprang up that could log in to all your IM services at once and unify your friend list.

I wish someone would do something like that for mobile messaging.
Well, encryption is their #1 feature.  They're adding other stuff on as they can.  I use Signal every day with friends and family and have not had any issues with it.

TBH, I have NEVER felt the need to search my messages.  Heck, I don't even care if they all get wiped and I lose them.  Messaging apps are not the place to store stuff you need to hang onto.

If I need to save it, I cut and paste it from Signal Desktop into another app that has proper search and indexing.
Right now, it is the only thing that matters.  And they could offer all the features of RCS over an end to end encrypted pipe.  There's no reason not to.
What did they patent?  There's no secret sauce in Messages.  It's just an end to end encrypted messaging client with SMS/MMS built in for backwards compatibility.  It's big advantage is that you can't change the default SMS client on the iPhone.
Messages can do SMS if the person on the other end is not an iphone user.  But iPhone to iPhone is just data.  So, if most of your friends had iPhones, you'd switch to a pay per text plan instead of giving AT&T $10 a month for 500 texts.
They do NOW.  Back when Messages came out, you use to get like 10 free texts, and then you could buy a block of 500, and then pay per text after that.  It took years for unlimited texting to come along.
One of the big problems I think is that Messages pretty much killed carrier SMS business.  I know when Messages rolled out, a LOT of people I know cancelled their texting plans, since Messages used data, and data was unlimited on the iPhone.

I remember reading articles a year after Messages came out and AT&T was talking about how Messages "blindsided us" and "cost us a lot of money."  The carriers at that point vowed to never let that happen to them again.

Apple is in a unique position, where they can tell the carriers what to do and not do.  Google is not in that same position.  They have the hardware manufacturers to deal with as a middle man AND the carriers that add their own stuff and remove stuff.

Being open was Google's strategy against the closed iPhone ecosystem.  Sometimes that backfires.  Imagine if Allo had SMS/MMS support and Google wanted to make it the default chat app on Android.  There is no way in hell all the hardware manufacturers AND carriers would buy into that.  There are just way too many players that need to buy into that to try and make it happen.
Signal is great.  Except for group chat.  That needs a better UI
Nope.  RCS requires a data plan.  Article clearly says that.
But they won't because it's free to them.  SMS rides on the ping packet your cell phone sends to the tower.  That packet gets sent whether or not you're texting.

MMS, of course, is a different story.  But SMS is pretty much free money for the carrier.
Amen.  I think every chat app needs end to end encryption enabled by default, and you have to explicitly disable it.
What they need to do is built a chat app front end that takes plugins.  Then you ship be default with an SMS and RCS plugin.  Then other chat apps can add their own plugins to the app.  Imagine one UI that has your Facebook Messenger, your WhatsApp and your text messages all in one app.  They could even add an Allo and Hangout plugin.
Hopefully they can do end to end encryption over RCS sooner rather than later.
I have no complaints.
I wish there was an easy way to tell the nib size without taking the hood off the thing.
Ok, I think the date code is too worn to see.  I can barely makes out the "Made in USA" on it.  And I can see part of the word Parker.  But that's about it.

According to Parker51.com, vacummatic Parker 51s with caps that have no diamonds on them were made between 1947 and 1948.  That narrows it down close enough for me.

The tolerances on the blind cap are pretty amazing.  I can barely tell there is a line there.
Too late.  Already bought it.  $40 for the pen, and a $20 restoration from Danny Fudge.  Not a bad price overall.
From my email conversation with Danny Fudge, he thinks it's just the diaphragm, since the plunger freely moves up and down.  I'm sending it off to him tomorrow.  Hopefully he can turn it around quickly.
I'm back.  The pen will not fill.  I am soaking it now and I am getting blue ink on a paper towel that I wipe the nib with, so I have to assume it was left inked in a drawer.  I'll be posting pictures in about a half hour.
Thanks for the tip.  Reached out to him and will probably put it in the mail tomorrow.  It won't let me fill it, so I have to assume it's got dried up ink inside.
1. It will not suck up water.  I'm soaking it now.  definitely dried up ink inside.  After a 15 min soak, when I pull the pen up and touch the nib to the paper towel. I get some blue ink on the paper towel.
2. See #1
3. Pen body has no damage, other than the blind cap threads having some kind of gunk on them that's dried white.  I assume there was some kind of grease on the threads that has long since dried out.
4. Didn't have a loupe, but visual inspection with my eye didn't show any noticeable nib issues.  But I am far from an expert.

I'll post pictures in a little bit.
> Maybe it’s because I enjoy the female physique more

As a heterosexual man married to a bisexual woman, we both agree with you on this one.
I thought the Specials were all aerometrics.
I figure it will need some TLC.  But $40 for the pen was a really good price.
You got it.  I'm hoping to buy it tonight.
It's vacuumatic.
I can get them online on the LabCorp portal.
Kind of strange.

In theory, multiple doses of the old vaccine (say 3-4 every 2 months) may provide the same benefits as the new vaccine.

I thin the real long term answer is early chicken pox vaccination to prevent the virus from getting to the dorsal root ganglia.  If you fight off the virus before it permanently implants itself, then you're never going to get shingles.

Now on to a Herpes vaccine.  The way that stuff hangs around forever is pretty frightening.  I had a professor give a lecture in college about how Herpes Simplex hides in your body.  It's incredibly clever, and I don't think we'll every find a way to get rid of it once you have it.
So, my doctor did bloodwork and told me I did NOT need a vaccine.  I assume that means that Varicella titer was high enough that I was effectively immune.
> because presence of antibodies against a pathogen doesn't always result in protection

Well, if that's the case, you would need to get re-vaccinated for everything.  Checking antibody titers is how physicians determine if a vaccine works or not.  If that can't be trusted, WTF?
If that's the case, you would need to take this vaccine on a regular basis, and not just a "two and done" approach, unless the exposure at such a short interval (2 - 6 months) somehow sensitizes the immune system to the virus in a way that regular exposure does not.  My bloodwork shows an active varicella zoster antibody titer in my blood, even though I have never had chiken pox.

This makes me think that my immune system fought off a chicken pox infection when I was much younger.

Regardless of that, what exactly is this vaccine doing that is different from the chicken pox vaccine?  Vaccines expose your body to a small dose of virus or bacteria, either live or killed, to have your immune system attack it and produce memory cells.  For most pathogens, the immune system "files away" these antibodies for use later in case of a recurrence.  Is the immune response different for Shingles vs Chicken Pox?  It's the same virus, so it should produce the same antibodies.
Why would you need the vaccine AFTER you have had Shingles.  Your body has been naturally exposed to the virus and should be producing antibodies to it.  I fail to to see how vaccinating after having a disease does anything.
Before you run out and get the vaccine, have your doctor to do a varicella antibody titer of your blood.  If you have antibodies to the varicella vaccine in your blood, you don't need to be vaccinated.

I did this years ago.  Even though I have never had chicken pox, I had antibodies in my blood.  So I am naturally immune from exposure to the virus at some point in my life.

And most insurances will pay for the antibody titer.
I would oil those handles.
> Because it enables decentralized scaling.

Perhaps in the future.  But version 1.0 is all about the banks.
> Of course, they lost this battle, and now they have Segwit support

Coinbase has stated in certain posts that adding Bitcoin cash support was a breeze.  Adding Segwit support was a PITA.

From developers I spoke with on here, they said BCH support was a couple of hours of work.  BTC Segwit support took a LOT longer than that.

Coibase;s original plan to add read only support for your BCH, so you could access them after the split.  When BCH took off, they saw there was money to be made, so they hopped on board.  If Segwit was a hard fork, Coinbase would have gotten their ass in gear a lot sooner.
> Again, where we're going we don't need companies running things, just computers and the software that runs on them.

Seriously?  How naive are you?

>Bitpay doesn't really help Bitcoin as a protocol at all, since they are basically an unnecessary intermediary to what should be something that Bitcoin does by simply settling the transaction by itself.

That requires people to stay in the BTC ecosysem and not cash out to fiar.  We're not there yet.

>In the future, there won't need to be any intermediaries, for anything. Bitcoin is already decentralized, so any centralized thing built around it won't be needed as the protocol matures.

Ha.  Have you looked at Lightning?  It's going to require Lightning Hubs (banks) in order to have any meaningful coin flow with low fees.

>In the future, we'll just be interfacing with computers (DAOs), and they won't need companies behind them. 

You do know the first DAO was a complete and utter failure.

>And it's going to be the ultimate irony when ~~bcash~~ Bitcoin Cash has no choice but to implement Segwit to not be terribly outdated compared to other coins that use it.

So, explain to me how Segwit is TECHNICALLY superior to a block size increase and why every coin needs to use it?  And don't give me the hard fork vs soft fork BS.  Because an old client that reads a Segwit block can't see signature data and is unable to verify the block, which makes it a soft fork in name only.
> Changes to the base layer would be welcome, if they were meant to help it in the first place, not to help the business models of companies that leech of it.

You do know there has been a plan in place to grow the block size beyond on 1 MB as far back as when Satoshi Nakamoto was still coding.  An active attempt to kill a block size increase only happened after Blockstream got involved.  The core developers were always in favor of a block increase.  There is sample evidence for this all over the Internet.  And if Segwit "techincally increases the block size," what difference did it make if the core block was changed or if Segwit was added.  

>It's entirely optional. The cool thing about the LN, is that it doesn't try to fuck with the base layer to grow the network.

Sometimes you have to fuck with the base layer to progress.  The only thing that Core has done has been to add Segwit, which is not really a soft fork, and to add RBF, which killed 0-conf transactions.  They least they could have done is Segwit 2X and relive SOME of the congestion, instead of the perpetual 18 month wait for Lightning to get here (yeah, it's here, but only "testers and people willing to lose their coin" are supposed to be using it)

I don't see what your beef is with Bitcoin Cash.  It was created for a reason and it exists.  It was born out of frustration with long transaction times and high fees.  If it's not a viable currency, it will die.  No amount of FUD on either side is going to sway anything.  It's all about market and merchant adoption.

I'd be more pissed at Litecoin and other cryptos that were created to make someone rich and didn't solve any problems.
I'm on a team of 4.  We all cover each other's backs.  Most after hours work is scheduled, so we know about it in advance.  I still make all the Boy Scout meeting, and concerts and plays, and still go with my wife.

It works out for me.  But I can see how it's not for everyone.  My kids appreciate the fact that they get to go to after school activities and I can pick them up afterwards.
My work schedule is very fluid.  My work/life is mixed all over the place.  I work from home and constantly take off to run errands or pick up kids from school in exchange for after hours availability.  There have been plenty of days where I don't even start work till noon.  I then stop at 5, eat dinner with my family and then go back on the VPN and do stuff while running upstairs to help kids with homework.

This obviously depends on the day, but it seems to work for everyone involved: myself, my boss, my coworkers, and the people I support.
Well, we could bitch that they refuse to release Alternity as PDFs.  If that doesn't work for you, then give me 15 minutes and I'll come up with something else. :-)
You also buy the web version with a one time purchase and not a subscription.  I LOVE Pocket Casts.  I bought it for Android and iOS.  It syncs my playback position across all my devices, including web.
Just like the website.
If I disabled all work email notifications after 5 PM, I'd be fired.  Luckily most after work hours activity is scheduled and I get comp time for it.
I own the books.  I am not a "cheapskate."  I even bought the PHB on Beyond to give it a try.

This thread has shown me that it's a good tool for DMs, but it's value to someone like me that just wants digital rules is not that great.

>Digital books are just going to be ripped off and shared en masse.

And this did nothing to stop that.  People scanned the books and put them online within weeks of the hardcovers coming out.  All WoTC did was slow it down by about a month.

Heck, a game I joined two years ago had 2 guys playing using a PHB in a binder printed from a pirated PDF.

I guarantee you that all of my Castles and Crusades PDFs, I'll be able to open 20 years from now.  And my Dmsguild purchases, and the Pathfinder stuff I bought.  Cause it's in an open format.

My D&D Beyond stuff, I am not so sure.  I am going to assume when 6th Edition comes out, they'll just release the 5e stuff on dmsguild as a PDF and I'll be forced to buy it a THIRD time.
> Must we have this discussion every time? You're not buying digital copies of the books. You're buying their information within D&D Beyond, all hooked up, formatted, etc, and also potentially available to all party members if you are a subscriber.

And therein lies the problem.  I don't want that.  I want digital books.  I don't want their content "within D&D Beyond."  And WoTC does not offer than.  I thought D&D Reader would solve that problem for me, and that product seems to be dead.  If you mention it anywhere on D&D Beyond, your thread gets locked.

>Why are you here, then? Did you just post the question to bitch?

To find out if I am missing something.

>If Steam goes under one day, my colossal library of games goes with it. Better forsake it now, buy the games on DVD from a local store,

This is less of an issue.  Usually when you finish a game, you move on to the next one.  You don't "finish" D&D.  And, yes, if you plan to be playing your computer games 10 years from now, then buying them on DVD is a much better option than Steam.  If you're not, then use Steam.
I'll need to go check it out.
My bad.  I was thinking of the Lion's Den Fight Club app for iOS.  I had no idea that  Kobold Fight Club was even a thing.
TBH, I have not heard how DDB is doing.  The forums are fairly active.  But they don't release sales numbers.  I expect them to be around.  And I hope they do well.
The app is the tool.  Is there a digital rulebook offered outside of DDB?
If you do a search, you'll find all sorts of importable files.

You should check out Complete Reference for 5e.  Available for android and iOS.  They have a forum where people post a lot of non-SRD stuff for import.
Perhaps I do.  Having lived through the Internet of the 90s and 2000s, where Walmart Music and Microsoft's own PlayForSure had a lot of people lose their legally purchased music when those services shut down, I'm always wary of locked content.
KFC is legal.  The stuff you can import into it is questionable, at best.
Our DM seems to be happy to allow whatever.  We had a guy try to play an undead character and I was a cleric.  I told him that if I chose to turn undead, he would be affected also.  Also told him I cannot heal him in any way and generally would not want to be near him or help him in any way.  He tried to plead with the DM that turning undead should not apply to him, since it only affects NPCs.

The guy had not been playing D&D that long for him to get bored with all the class and subclass options available to him already.  I think Homebrew monsters are cool, because they throw players a neat "oh shit" curveball.  But homebrew races and classes are asking for trouble.
I wonder how much of what they offer on the web can be duplicated in an offline app.  When I play, I play at a table in Barnes and Noble, where the Internet access is iffy at best.

The thing is, there are quite a few app available that offer at least some of DDBS functionality.  All they needed was legal access to non-SRD rules.  I wish WoTC had gone that route and let you buy legals rules downloads for apps like Fight Club on DMSguild.
And in theory WoTC could provide officially licensed content for 3rd party apps, or provide them with purchase.  They could even standardize the format.

But I think if they did that, Curse would have a fit.  Heck, look at what happened to all the fillable character sheets on dmsguild when DDB launched.
Shouldn't DDB replace KFC?
> So use the app. It isn’t exactly what you’re looking for, but it is a searchable digital copy that won’t go away if the company goes under. 

The app just stopped working for me yesterday.  I had to uninstall and reinstall, losing my cache rulebooks.  So, yes, it can go away if the company goes under.
The tool is the ONLY way to LEGALLY get digital copies of the rule books.  I want digital rule books.
> If they do go down, I expect them to implement something so that I can use material locally,

History has shown this does not happen.  I don't know of a single instance where a company liberated it's content when it shut down.
They can't.  I see that value of that.  Really my only issue is how the content is delivered.  I just want it in a portable agnostic format that I can take with me anywhere.

That's really my gripe.  I want to be able to BUY it and not subscribe to it.  I want WoTC to create an online backend and when I buy the books, I enter my API key and suddenly Fight Club 5E, Roll20, Fantasy Grounds, Fifth Edition Character Sheet, and Complete Reference for 5E and all the other tools out there that support the WoTC API key suddenly have access to my legally purchased content.

As an individual, I don't see a ton of value in the product.  For groups I see the value.  But, TBH, if you're well off enough to buy tablets and laptops at the gaming table, you can probably afford the $29 it costs to buy the PHB on Amazon.  So, I see DDB as more a convenience addon for people that their first entry into the game.

It does bug me that all fillable character sheets were pulled from dmsguild once DDB came out.
I just want digital books.  I don't want the tool.
Have they announced an API, because I don't see that happening any time soon if ever.  They're mobile offering is barely up to snuff.
The ability to search is not unique to D&D Beyond.  Searching can be done with any tool that provides text such as ePub, PDF, or any other digital format.

I just don't like the idea of dropping $20 on a book that might go away one day because DDB shuts down.
I despise Homebrew.  A lot of it is overpowered.  We had a player at my last game that always showed up with homebrew that was just way overpowered.
You can do the same for any game that has an SRD.  The Pathfinder SRD is free and there are even searchable apps for Pathfinder on your phone/tablet.

My big objection to DDB is the the DRM.  I want to know that I will have access to my books long after DDB is no longer a thing.
You could do all that with a non-DRMed tool.  Well, definitely the search, if they provided an ePub3.  The filtering would take some work.
Well, if you buy "Core Content" books, they cost $20.  They just don't integrate with the tool and can only be used as stand alone books.  Since the cover price is $50 for the books, I guess that's a more than 50% discount technically.
How many people can you share it with at once?
>Don't be dumb. there isn't a company running the LN, anyone can run it. it's open source, and an open standard you can contribute to.

Correct.  But core also contributed NOTHING to Lightning.    It's not part of the protocol.  It's another layer that's being developed by 3 different third party teams that doesn't even need Bitcoin.  Lightning can be slapped on any cryptocurrency.  It doesn't care where that currency is Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash, Bitcoin or even Dogecoin.  It doesn't even need Segwit.

>What has blockchain.info done for Bitcoin? or Coinbase, or any other shity company claiming to be in the crypto space?

What they've done is allow you to easily use Bitcoin and to buy it using fiat online.  This is insanely important for adoption and use as a currency.  Even Bitpay is extremely important to the ecosystem as whole.  Anything that makes it easier to spend Bitcoin is a net win for the community.

These companies are important pieces in the overall puzzle.

>Nothing, not at the protocol level, where it matters.

The protocol level is strictly controlled a small group of core developers now.  NOTHING can be done at the protocol level without their blessing, as it proven by Gavin Andersen's attempt to increase the block size years ago and other developers purposefully coding around him to break his commit.
Is DDB that much better the Fight Club or other tools?
>Where we're going, we don't need any third parties, period.

Exactly what do you think Lightning is?  It's a layer 2 solution built by a third party to prevent the core protocol from growing. 
The errata is a plus.  I just wish the books were available as an ePub3 and be done with it.
There is a tier where you subscribe and everyone in your campaign has digital access to the books you own.  But the subscription doesn't include access to the books.  You need to subscribe AND buy the books.

Overall I find the whole pricing model a bit insane.  Especially if you look at something like Pathfinder, where you can pick up a PDF of the core rulebook for a whole $10.  When the cost to enter is only $10.00, it's easy to get someone to join your game, even if they don't own the rules already.  If they like it enough, they may buy the hardback then.
> I do also think that it is worth mentioning that to use any content outside of the SRD, even in character generators, is technically piracy with the exception of Beyond. I mention this not out of moral outrage, but to say that access to any tool using those might be lost thanks to WotC's aggressive (if not justified) policies. 

I have no moral dilemma doing this.  I own hardbacks of the PHB, MM, DMG, and Xanathars.  As far as I am concerned. WoTC has gotten a lot of money out of me.
Beyond's digital option is quite good, because it's not just taking a physical book and printing to PDF.  It's actually formatted to be PC friendly.  My issues with Beyond are:

1. I am not buying physical and digital copies at the same time.  Not without a massive discount.
2. D&D Beyond, unlike a PDF, is locked content.  If D&D Beyond ever goes away, then so do my rulebooks.  For all my other stuff I own, if dmsguild or rpgnow went under, I can still continue to access my purchased content until all my backups go bad.

So, D&D Beyond is the not product for me sadly.
No, it's only for the rulebooks offline on the mobile.  Not sure if you can be logged into multiple browsers with the same ID.  Never tried that.

But I want at least 3 devices:  my iPhone, my work Pixel C tablet, and my iPad.

Check out Orcpub:  http://www.orcpub.com/

There are also quite a few apps for character generation both on iOS and Android.
So basically any site has decided to support Bitcoin Cash is vertically integrated centralized trash.  How open minded of you.  We'll see how things go when the world banking structure has implemented lightning hubs all over the place.

Lightning is an attempt to wrestle control away from miners and give it to the banks, cause only banks and other investment houses will have nodes big enough to be able to do full 2 way exchange of coins.  If someone routes through your and uses all your funds to complete the route, you're screwed, unless someone routes the other way back.
You won't need 11 hops when you use the Citibank Lightning Hub!
Just wait till you're using LN and pay a fee for each hop till you get to your destination.
I think the choice of ePub is better that PDF for use on tablets and phones.  I like the layout of the D&D Beyond books better than PDF offerings from other companies.

But I just remember the complaints on the forums that you can't bookmark, annotate, or highlight stuff and Curse being totally shocked that people would want these features.

The primary purpose of the site is the sell you a monthly subscription.  The digital rulebooks are an afterthought.
I agree.  I bought the Player's Handbook and it's really nice.  But I think they're a tad clueless when it comes to digital offerings.  Curse was quite shocked when people said they wanted to bookmark and annotate stuff.  That wasn't even on their radar.
There have been 25% off coupons before for individual books.  But I always buy the Compendium Content, because that's the book only.  I don't care about the D&D Beyond integration.  Coupon codes never work for Compendium Content.

For those that don't know.  The compendium content gets you full access to the book, but it won't integrate with the D&D Beyond toolset.  Compendium Content is $10.00 cheaper per books than buying the whole thing.  So, you can get full access to the Player's Handbook (from an eBook perspective), and even download it to your tablet/phone for offline access for $20.00/book.

The problem is:

1. If you already own the books, $20 is still too expensive.
2. If you don't own the books, there's always the risk you might lose the books, since they're kind of wrapped up in DRM.  So, your books are only as good as Curese's business model.
1. I have the same issue with Roll20 and Fantasy Grounds.  I should not need to buy the books again at full price anywhere.
2. According to their forums, offline access for PC is not even being considered.

As a player, I really don't see a whole lot of value in the D&D Beyond toolset.  I just want the digital books.  The format of the digital books is really good.  The delivery mechanism is annoying.
True.  If it was available as an ePub, you could also annotate, markup and bookmark.  An ePub is more digital friendly.
I don't use the D&D Beyond tool.  I just want digital rulebooks.  The compendium content fulfills that need.
There are multiple failings:

1. As you pointed out, no discount for people that own the physical books.
2. No offline access for PC.  Only for Android and iOS
3. Locked to only 2 devices unless you subscribe
4. Rather proprietary, so if they close shop, you lose your books.

The actual format of the books is awesome for phone and tablet.  If they'd just release it as an ePub, I'd consider it.
These coupons never work for compendium content, which really irks me.
We're not even close to a stable release.
Is there a demo of espeasy and what it gets you anywhere?
If I HAD to pick a Democrat, it would be Kucinich.  Even Ron Paul said that, even though he disagree with him on economic policy, they're pretty eye to eye on foreign policy.
The only altcoin waiting to see what Bitcoin will do is Litecoin.  And it always beats Bitcoin to the punch.
Well this is a problem.  Philadelphia is DEPENDENT on that revenue.  It helps fund the school system.  If consumption drops off, the city will find something else to tax.

Supermarkets right on the city border are making a killing now.  People are willing to drive an extra 10-15 min to go shopping and avoid the tax.
Right now, I have had 2 slices of cheese just so there was something in my stomach when I took my keflex (that stuff will tear you up).  I'm probably going to make a 2 egg omelette in about 15 minutes.
I used to IF before Jardiance.  Would wake up, take meds and not eat anything till about noon.  Not eating kept my blood sugar at 150 until lunch time.

I think my liver is in gluconeogenesis overdrive.  I'm taking 2000 mg of metformin and all it did was drop my blood sugar about 20 points.

Forgot to mention that I added Quercetin into the mix.  I take 1000 mg of that a day.  That seems to help the cocktail get my blood sugar down an extra 10-20 points.
First week I was on it, I tested every hour.  I woke up that first day with blood sugar of 150 (which is what I normally do), and 15 minutes before lunch my blood sugar was 82.  Post lunch was 101.  Then it crept down every hour till pre dinner, my blood sugar was around 84.  I went to bed with 110, and woke up with 92.

I am also doing a ketogenic diet and taking 2000 mg of metformin.

But the first week I was always at 110 or less.  Second week I did some experimenting.  If I went off the ketogenic diet, my blood sugar would go up 30+ points, some times as much as 50 points, and my fasting blood sugar the next day would be 190, regardless of meds.  If I stayed ketogenic, but ate anything after 9:00 PM, my fasting blood sugar would be 110-120.  If I stopped eating at 8:00 PM and only drank water or diet soda, my fasting blood sugar would be 90-92 in the morning.

Prior to Jardiance, I was taking 2000 mg of Metformin+Keto.  I would wake up every morning with a blood sugar of 150 (pretty much exactly.  It was kind weird.  I actually bought a new glucometer to make sure it wasn't broken), and it would creep down slowly throughout the day.  By lunch I would be 120.  Pre dinner 110, and bedtime, it was usally around 120-125.  My A1C was 6.5.

My doctor thought I could "do better."  I did some homework and decided that I DID NOT want GLP-1 or a DDP4 inhibitor.  I told him I did not want to overstimulate what's left of my working β cells, just to burn them out that much faster and make me insulin dependent.  Plus both drugs have been linked to abnormal growths in the body and possibly cancer.

150 and lower is well within ADA guidelines.  And I am getting those numbers with no exercise at all.  If I decide to go off the Jardiance (which I think is going to happen in all likelihood), I think it's time for stricter keto and a whole lot of exercise and see where I am in 3 months.

I've met a lot of Type II diabetics that WISH their numbers were my pre-Jardiance numbers.  When they ask how I got my A1C from 9.7 to 6.5, I tell them it was all keto.  I get an immediate "I'm not doing that" from them.  And I just remind them that they ASKED me.  I don't preach the keto gospel.  But if you ask me how I got my A1C down 3.2 points and lost 50 pounds, I'm going to tell you how I did it.  Doesn't mean you have to do it.  But, please, don't immediately dismiss it.

Right now I test, first thing in the morning.  Then 15 minutes before lunch.  Then I usually test before dinner and before bed.


There already is an iCloud backup, but my wife has been getting messages for probably a few months that her iCloud storage is full.  Does she tell me?  No.  She just click OK and moves on.  Sp. hopefully it can finish the backup tonight.
I agree on the hardware failure.  But I'm sure it needs to be crossed off the checklist of things to try.

The Lightning to HDMI cable is a great idea, but it's not something I can do before my 7 PM genius bar appointment, sadly.
Amen!

I've been here 12 years.  In 12 years I have only ever had 2 changes be unsuccessful and both times it was because person I needed to do the change fell asleep and was not avaialble, so I had to reschedule.
I try to use down time to learn new things.  But I constantly have business line people nagging me about when stuff is going to get done.  I hear the phrase "How do we escalate this?" at least twice a day.
The frustrating part for me is that I know I can get this stuff done faster and move on to the next thing.  But I spend half my day on my ass doing paperwork or waiting and doing nothing because I need to wait a week to do a change before I can go on to step 2 in whatever I need to do.
That's kind of where we're at now.  They keep adding layers to the process.  I have full access to my test environment servers, but no reasonable access to my production servers.  We have a team that I have to reach out to, to touch a production server and they usually do a screen share and I have to talk them through what I need done.

And these guys will not work without an approved change ticket.  So, I can't even review a log file on a server without a change ticket to do so.  It's really frustrating.

I actually got an award last month from the people I support for spending the last year finding loopholes in our support process and getting stuff done quicker.  Of course, every loophole I found was quickly closed with more paperwork and process, so sadly I can't pull of the same miracles I pulled off last year.  But I make sure to cc everyone that I support on all my emails to make sure they know where the roadblocks really are.

I've decided it's best to let the non-IT people see the real process, so they understand how much effort is involved in even the slightest change around here.  Now that they see it, they wonder why I haven't quit yet.
We block Facebook and all other social media sites.

Funny story.  We used to use some tool for Internet monitoring who's name escapes me.  But we bought a license and then exceeded the license count.  Any machines above the license count simply had COMPLETELY unfiltered Internet access.

We're a multinational company.  We have a Canadian division that has even stricter Internet filtering than the US division.  Well, we had implemented some new customer policy and expected our call centers to get slammed over the weekend.  So, we set up PBX overflow routing to route calls to our  call center in Canada (even thought we had 4 call centers in the US), and I set up 20 PCs, the Canadians could RDP into to handle US calls.  These machines were supposed to be used for a month.  On weekends, things were fine.  But on weekdays, these machines had unfiltered Internet access, because all the full timers were in and using up all our licenses.  During the week, the machines were IMPOSSIBLE to get onto, because the Canadian call center reps would RPD into them and stay on all day on Facebook.

Then someone learned that we didn't pay for https filtering, only http.  When the users found that out, everyone was hopping on the https versions of Facebook and Twitter all day.

It amazes me that when people at work are given unrestricted Internet access, the first thing they hop on is Facebook.
My Tomcat restart was marked very high risk.
Keto rocks.
This process was put in place TODAY.  Without any advanced communication it was coming.  I also learned that I am required to submit a detailed runbook.  The runbook is a 15 page form that I needed to complete to stop and start a Linux daemon.  The best part is that business impact is not allowed to be none.  I had to write a two paragraph description of the 15 second outage restarting Tomcat at midnight when no one is using it is going to do.
Good job.  What's your secret?
TBH, if you're going to wear that, I'm taking a pic of your ass.  But I'll ask first.  And I am not going to follow you around.  That's just creepy.
I have issues with RBF and security.

It definitely has the most adoption.  But I think that's mostly because of it's age.  I wonder what the landscape will look like in 5 years.
Yes.  It's just not a good one.
Inside a briefcase store.
BTC is still a currency.  But that is no longer it's primary purpose.  As such, it's use as a currency, will dwindle much like gold did.

>LN is being built to afford its better use as currency. 

That is true.  But it's a third party solution.  It's not part of Bitcoin Core.  The Core developers seem to have lost interest in the currency aspect of Bitcoin.  I hope Lightning succeeds and does well.  Because if it fails, it will drag all of crypto down with it.

We need to get to a point where one crypto does not affect the price significantly of other cryptos.  I like the on-chain scaling of Bitcoin Cash better than second (and now discussions of third) layer solutions.

I think Core should be free to do what they want.  The only problem with that is that the success of BTC directly impacts every other crypto right now.  So, if Lightning fails, I fully expect all cryptos to tank along with BTC.  And I personally believe that Lightning will fail.  So, sadly I have to give a crap about what happens in BTC land.
This was well done.  Very neutral interview.  Attacking Bitcoin core doesn't get you anywhere really.  Nice to see him be pro-BCH without horribly bashing BTC.
> so why is the LN being built then?

Core is not building the Lightning network.  There are 3 teams working on it:  Blockstream, Lightning Labs, and some company from France who's name escapes me.  Lightning is being built OUTSIDE of Bitcoin but ALONGSIDE it.

Why is Lightning being built?  Because people seem to think it's a good scaling solution.  I totally disagree with this, but more power to them.  Let them do what they think is best.  The market with decide if it's worth anything.

They call Bitcoin "Digital Gold."  Is Gold a currency?  It can be used as such, but it's a poor choice for one.  A lot of stores of value can also be used as currency.

The issue you have here is that Bitcoin Core (at least some of it's developers), have stated that Bitcoin (BTC) is a store of value.  As such, I don't expect any major development by the Core developers to help make it a more useful currency again.  The fact that the #1 mantra chanted is "HODL!" tells me that most of the diehard users also consider it a store of value and not a currency.
Perhaps because the core developers no longer call it a currency, but instead a store of value.  It's use as a currency went down dramatically all through 2017 to the point, where it was all but impossible to use as a currency.  Bitcoin transactions were taking longer to clear than it takes a bank check.

The situation has improved, mostly due to much lower transaction volume.  But the narrative is still the same; Bitcoin is a store of value.
[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/danica_rockwood)
Word and Void was a dark urban fantasy, which was a genre I really was not interested in.  But after I went nuts over Word and Void, I picked up The Dresden Files and thoroughly enjoyed that.
So make knives with rounded ends and give people the option.
Don't forget the stealth assualt X-Acto

http://www.xacto.com/products/cutting-solutions/knives/detail/X3204

[Assault Mode](https://cdnimg.webstaurantstore.com/images/products/extra_large/382383/1607736.jpg)

[Stealth Mode](https://cdnimg.webstaurantstore.com/images/products/extra_large/382383/1607735.jpg)
Series of movies.  Running with the Demon would make a great movie.  But it would need to be long.

It would be epic.  I avoided reading the Word and Void novels for years, and when I finally picked one up, I could not understand why I waited so long to read these masterpieces.
It's a 55 gallon.
Just clean up the article and request it be locked.
I'm curious how it's going to play out.  From what I read about it, it's a pretty poor design.  The ability to just tap your phone and pay is going away.

And with each hop along Lightning having a potential fee associated with it, it's could get quite costly to run a transaction too, unless you want to stop and set up a channel with someone first to reduce the number of hops.
When I sprinkle flake food in the tank, it shoots across the whole tank to the other side and then slides down the glass and turns around and makes it to the mid point, where my intake is now.
Can't tell if trolling, or actually serious.
Is it really safe to run a channel on a smartphone?  What if you drive into a dead zone or go into a tunnel?
Recurring payments as long as you stay online.  So, if you want to pay monthly for Netflix and open a channel, that channel has to stay open ALL YEAR and you need to be online ALL YEAR.  Here's hoping you don't go into a tunnel while driving.

At that point, you might as well pay for a year upfront, which you can do on-chain.

Oh shit, I'm about to enter the Holland Tunnel.  Let me pull over and settle all my lightning channels first.
Why do you have to wait a few more weeks to receive?
The biggest problem with Webex right now are (vs Skype/Lync + Verizon bridge line)

1. You can't just tell someone to share their screen.  The current presenter has to make you the presenter before you can share your screen.  If there is a preference to let anyone share, please share it with me.  Letting anyone present
2. When the person running the meeting hangs up, the meeting ends within 5 minutes.  We often have calls, where the organizer hangs up, and the bridge line just stays open and the rest of us keep working the issue.
3. NO CHAT!!!!  I know this is a decision of my company.  But, oh my God, do we make heavy use of chat.  Almost every WebEx call I get on now, has both a Webex invite and a Skype/Lync meeting, just for the chat.

We're now at a point where people are just doing the Skype/Lync call and using Webex for voice, as I expected.  More people will use Webex, IF they ever enable chat.
Has Terry made a comment and The Word and Void being very TV adaptable.

EDIT:  Sorry Shawn, didn't see it was you.  That's as good as Terry saying it.
Someone hit the genetic lottery.

Outstanding photos.
Let me pick something from my porn collection.
It is.  Danner has been making Supreme filters in one style or another since the 60s.  Good to the see they haven't given up.  I remember the Skilter back in the 80s/90s, which was a HOB with e built in protein skimmer.
A tip someone else posted in this thread:

1. "Hey Siri, open Google Assistant."
2. "Ok, Google." + command.
When I had my tank back in the 80s, as small child, no one ever told me about the nitrogen cycle.   I used to go to a store called Korvette's to buy my fish, which was the 70s equivalent of WalMart.  I remember staring at the Dynaflo power filters and wishing we could afford one.

I remember upgrading to a 30 XH in 1989 and going to a very large store in Jenkintown, PA called Martin's Aquarium.  Even in 1989, I don't remember seeing anything about the Nitrogen Cycle.  I think I first learned about it in the early 90s, when I started reading Aquarium Fish Magazine.  But TBH, I don't remember exactly when I found out.  I've been keeping fish since I was in 4th grade (1978), so that's a lot of fishkeeping history to go through.  I do remember Whisper releasing the WDF filter, and the Triad addon for their existing Whisper power filters in the early 90s.
I don't subscribe to Apple Music.  I still buy my music.
It's not just the car's microphone.  Bluetooth phone (Not A2DP Bluetooth Audio) is also complete garbage.  it's extremely low bandwidth.

I'm kind of surprised Apple hasn't come up something better that Bluetooth.  It't the protocol that keeps getting additional crap bolted onto it.
Let me try that.
Sadly, GBoard does not let me just say "Hey Siri."  I need to unlock the phone, launch the app, and then press and hold the space bar to bring up the voice recognition.
Ok, then.  When did people that took fish and stuck them in glass containers outside of their natural habitat learn that beneficial bacteria in filters were important to keeping fish alive?

Were people with those victorian era tanks aware of nitorgen cycle's importance.  Was my uncle back in the 60s, buying metaframe equipment, aware of it's importance?
So I should say "Hey Siri!" from a foot or two away, or say what I want it to do?
But only with Siri and not with GBoard?

Perhaps Google does a better job of filtering out background noise.
Gboard used the ~~phones~~ car's Microphone.  As soon as I went into the voice recognition the Bluetooth in the phone connected.
It's not 8:00 PM yet.
WTF?!

Siri obviously hates me.

I wonder if it'd the hands free setup in my car.  I get the same shitty results in both my cars.  The only time I NEED voice recognition is in my car.
i think my meaning may not be coming across correctly.  I meant when did the hobby learn about it.
Then why did Gboard get it right?
They do.  But the Gboard voice recongition had not problem understanding what I was saying.
$7,000 is the new norm.  Deal with it and start spending.
Just went through it screen by screen for the third time.  Everything is identical.  The only difference is in the summary screens where it tells my my deduction amount.  TubroTax tells me me deductions are higher, and it tells me my federal taxable income is higher.

I actually stepped away from it and had my wife review it.  She couldn't find anything different either, other than Turbotax calculating our taxable income differently and our deductions.

The difference seems to be in how it's calculating something on our W-2.  And once again, I checked the W-2s, took screenshots and printed them out and verified that they're identical in every way.

I officially gave up and filed with Turbotax, since it gave me a bigger refund.  For such a simple return with 2 deductions, there is NO reason why they should not have matched to the penny.
So, I am really confused now.  The W-2s are identical.  The exemption amount is identical.  The taxable income is about $1,000 different between the two.  And the deductions are about $1,000 different between the two, despite the fact that I only have 2 deductions, which are identical.  This makes absolutely no sense.  If my W-2s are identical and my deductions are identical, then it's got to be a difference in how they're doing the math.  This is kind of scary right now.
I'm trying, but TurboTax makes that rather difficult.
The Word and Void would make an EPIC TV series.  Can you imaging the first episode you see the post apocalyptic world for a good 10 minutes, and then all of the sudden he wakes up in modern times.  I thought about this years ago.  Every episode could be a two parter, with a cliff hanger at the end of the first part where the Demon does something nasty, and part 2 where the Knight saves the day, barely.  That series has serious potential as a long term TV series.
In a TV show, oh sure.  Because you have the time to include him.  But in the movie, there was no reason to include him.
I don't know how well Thomas Covenant would translate into a TV series.  A lot of those books involve Covenant'n internal conflict and his inability to deal with accepting The Land is real.  I don't know how well that would translate into a TV series.

I thought that Shannara would have made a great TV adaptation.  But they totally screwed that one up.
I seem to recall when FOTR came out, there was some guy hopping on every forum he could find saying we should  boycott the movie because Bombadil was not in it.  It was kind of annoying.
There's the problem.  I don't see it making money.  Unless they can do better than the Peter Jackson films or the Game of Thrones TV series, people will tune in and then drop out.

If they do do it, perhaps all the people on the Internet that bitched and moaned that Tom Bombadil wasn't in it will finally shut the hell up.
Stephen R. Donaldson is my favorite author.  If they wanted to adapt one of his series into a TV Show, I would go with the gap series.  It's gritty.  It has sex.  It ha questionable morals.  It has an enemy that doesn't kill you.  Instead it genetically modifies you to make you one of their own, while allowing you to retain all your old memories, which is just bone chilling.  That's the kids of stuff that people looking for a non-network sci-fi/fantasy drama would eat up.

When I finished those books I was both extremely satisfied and deeply disturbed at the same time.
Do the work with the Sonoff app?  I've been buying from Amazon.
I'll be in my bunk....

[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/tambamcosplay/)
The Wheel of Time is already under contract.

But it is a good choice, because you get to know the villains also.
Are the Sonoff clones labeled as Sonoff?  Or do they just look like them?
Kind of surprised it's taking this long to do this.  I guess with every new Mac being completely closed and non-upgradable, Mr. Ive has forgotten how to design something that has removable and interchangeable parts.  Either that, or Apple is busy inventing and patenting some external connector.
There are so many great fantasy books out there that can be turned into a TV series.  Why rehash something that has already been done as a series of movies not that long ago?

I think the problem is that you need something fantasy based and brutal by today's standard.  I think GOT only works because of the nudity, sex and the fact that 50% of the characters are assholes.

In LoTR, most of the characters you interact with are the good guys.  And the books lack brutality and sex.
A lot of the things that were hard to do on Linux, like formatting a floppy disk, kinda went away.

I will say that Gparted on Linux is a thousand times better than the disk management tool that comes with Windows.

I've gotten so used to the way Linux does things, when I use Windows, I get frustrated.

I've grown really accustomed to Gnome 3 now, and I hate it when I hop in Windows 10 an don't have an easy way to see my calendar appointments, the way Gnome does.

I also frickin love gtkHeaderBar.  Combining widow controls with icons in one header bar is just a genius UI design and excellent use of space.
I'll have to check that one out!  Thanks for the info!
Shows you how far Linux has come.
It wasn't that hard to install.  If you follow it step by step you can get through it.  Or you an use something like.  There are some graphical installers out there too.

I don't think I could ever go back to a fixed release distro.  I'm hooked on having the latest and greatest packages all the time.
Will they re-release [The Last Star Fighter Video Game?](http://www.roguesynapse.com/games/last_starfighter.php)
I cry a little inside when someone mentions BeOS.  It was really cutting edge for it's time.
I use Arch and I have a life.  The beauty of Arch is you install it ONCE and then just do updates.  I used to use Fedora and Ubutnu, and every 6 months I would carve a few hours out to do the upgrade and reconfigure.

Not anymore.

Of course, I can install Ubuntu and Fedora blindfolded at this point.  If I had to do a fresh Arch install, I'd need to look up how to do it, since I have only ever done it once.
Sorcerer.  Don't see the point to this class really.

EDIT:  And any Homebrew you show up at the table with.  I'm sick of people showing up at the table with a pre-rolled character that's an overpowered class they grabbed off of some blog somewhere.
Why pick when you can have it all.
He's an unbelievably good singer.
I'm ok with getting 20 copies of the same song.  It's faster to add an artist and then clean up and than to add individual albums.

It is nice to see older non-remastered versions of albums on Google Play Music.
My friend is printing 2 of those out for me as we speak.  Thanks for the link!
I'll probably do that for the next one.  Need to buy some heat shrink tubing for the next one.  I just bought some inline glass fuse holders also.
There are [butt splices](http://www.morrisproducts.com/images/10182_l.jpg) under that electrical tape.


Any recommendations for doing that?

I love my MPOW Bluetooth dongles.  Good choice.
I LOVE Five Guys.  I do this all the time.  Best burgers ever.
Holy shit.  This is amazing.  I've been a Weird Al fan since the 80s, when I first heard Eat It! on the radio.  My kids have picked up my love of the man.

I'd love to see some original serious stuff from the man.  His original songs on his albums are really good.

That cover of "What Is Life" by Weird Al just nailed it.
I kept plugging it and unplugging it until it got detected and installed a driver.  I kept the switch in the S position, so it used the Windows built in driver.  Rebooted a couple of times and it appears to have "stuck," because it's been OK for about 4 reboots now and 3 days.

I did order a FiiO E10K to use as a backup DAC.  It was only $75 and is USB powered also.

If the Modi dies again, I'll switch it out with the E10K.

If you're using it in E mode, try switching it to S (little switch by the USB port) to put it in USB Audio Class 1 mode.  Then it will use the built in Windows driver.
The real cost savings on the Sonoff is if you wire them into existing stuff you already own.  Then you get a smart switch for around $6-$7.


I did open it up.  Not a whole lot of space.  if i did that, the wire would probably touch the components on the circuit board.  I may be able to hot glue it to the top of the inside cover.
I didn't have any home.  And I need to find a better way to deal with the ground wire, rather than just leaving it out there like that.
I just checked out Tasmota's Github page and there is indeed a commit that added the ability to schedule stuff right from the web interface on the switch.  I want to use these as a timer for my aquarium lights and have them auto-adjust for DST/ST.  I wired them into a grounded extension cord.

https://i.imgur.com/NQjbYbZ.jpg

Just trying to figure out the best way to hide the ground wire.
I would love to see the Macross series dubbed and released in the US.

Funny part of all this, to me, is that Macek ended up leaving Harmony Gold, and his new company would bring in anime and leave it alone and just dub it.
I posted Part 2.  Another good summary on The Sentinels and the Robotech Movie.

EDIT: A link to.  I did NOT make these videos.
Watch Part 2.
Class 2 support is still in beta.
No new pictures.  Refuses to try and ink it.  He basically found a "51" in a drawer somewhere and is trying to make a quick buck.  I', going to pass on this one.

> but myself cannot hear a difference between it and redbook quality of the same source

That's because you're human.  The human ear has limitations.  A perfect undamaged ear in a newborn infant can hear 20-22,000 Hz. The range of human hearing is just slightly greater than a CD, which goes  20-20,000 Hz.  Sound between 20 Khz and 22Khz are so quiet it's almost impossible to hear them.

The dynamic range of CDs is often stated as 20-20,000, but in reality it's 0-20,000.  It's just that you can't hear anything between 0-20, you can only FEEL it.  And most equipment doesn't go that low without a subwoofer.  And even most subwoofers can't do anything below 20 Hz.

Though some of the experiments they've done with infrasound are kind of cool.  Infrasound can give you the chills, make you feel uneasy and actually cause your heart rate to go up.  There's a belief that places that are "haunted" or "give you the creeps" may be naturally giving off infrasound and your body is reacting to it.
I didn't want the Uber, because I didn't want a driver.
Edit the post to update USB Audio Class 2
Looks like it depends on who's web page you read.  Some sites say it maxes out at 24/192 others say 32/384.  I'll update in the morning.
If the guy will send me some clearer pics, I'll consider it.  But he's not being very communicative.
For now....

Windows support for USB Audio is pathetic.  Mac and Linux have had native USB Audio Class 2 support for years now.  Neither of those OSes ever need a driver to get a DAC to work.
I'm doing that now, and it was not working.

After plugging and unplugging this thing in every port imaginable in both USB Audio Class 1 and USB Audion Class 2 mode, I plugged it into a port on my powered hub that did not work before, and, lo and behold, Windows detected it and installed a driver.

And much to my surprise, the Modi is still picked up after a reboot.  So, I'm leaving it alone for.  If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
What the actual F***?!

Just rebooted the laptop and the Modi 2 came right up.  Have no idea what's going on here.

Staring at the FiiO E10K now and I'm afraid to even try and plug it in.  I don't want to jinx myself. 
Thanks!

I already own a aerometric.  Any advantages to the vacumatic?
The local antique stores in my area are crazy expensive.  I would expect to pay between $25-$50 for a Parker 51 at an antique store.  And at the very upper end $100.

The cheapest 51 I have ever seen at a local antique store are $200.

Same with Safety Razors.  I've started getting into double edge razors.  Razors I see on eBay and Craigslist going for $20, I see at an antique store for $100.00.
This is the actual listing:

https://philadelphia.craigslist.org/clt/6549290722.html

All the pictures are fuzzy, sadly.
Cause I use the phone a LOT in my car.  And the built in mic on the iPhone is not noise cancelling.

The other issue is, to hear the phone over Aux, I need to turn the volume up a lot and then I hang up and my music resumes playing and it's super loud.

It's the Chrysler system in a VW Routan mini-van, which is just a rebranded Grand Caravan.
Well, this a min-van with a backup camera and whole car entertainment system.  I can't just put any old stereo in it.  I've looked into this.

Apple has gone the direction of forcing you to use Siri in the car with their new Do Not Disturb feature is on.

I really don't want Bluetooth.  I would much to get a really good noise cancelling mic in the car that is wired and use that.
No I have not.  I don't see a need to spend $400+ dollars on am aftermarket radio when the one in my car works just fine.
> And conveniently, since it’s connected to Bluetooth already, Siri works seamlessly over that connection. 

This is untrue.  There is at least a 5 second delay and often times Siri will start to pick up stuff on the phone speaker while the 5 second delay is happening and halfway through my command it will switch to Bluetooth and end up missing part of what I say.

Then it tells me it didn't understand what I said, and I need to wait another 3-5 seconds for my phone to "hang up" before I can try the command again.

The iPhone can detect when something is plugged into the headphone jack or A2DP.  It should easily be able to use the built in mic and either A2DP or aux output to do Siri.  At a minimum that should be a preference.
This completely sucks.  The only thing Bluetooth phone should be used for is, as it's name implies, phone calls.
The thing is, this worked just fine for well over a year.  This just started on Thursday night.
I want my phone to use it for phone call.  But not for Siri.
It decided to work today, but I am scared to unplug it now.  I expect it won't survive a reboot.  Hopefully the E10K will get here soon.
Not an option.
My company keeps hopping back and forth between Symantec and McAfee, somehow thinking that one is going to be better than the other each time they flip.

Then need to realize both are cancer and switch to any number of other security tools which are much better.
Well, that didn't help.  Once in a blue moon, Windows detects it and loads the driver, but that never survives a reboot or unplug/plug back in.  I ordered a FiiO E10K from Amazon.  It has a DAC and a line out, I can run into my amp.  I'll see how Windows treats that device.
Disabled all power management.  Did not help.
Was this sold?
I did.  I think I may delete all my USB devices and reboot and see what happen.

I have it in USB Audio Class 1.  I haven't needed a driver for over a year.
Turned off all Windows Power Management settings.

In the 21st century, people are incapable of understanding the true role of government.  They want a safety net over freedom.

Near me, we have a rather affluent upper-middle class neighborhood.  We have 750K houses along a river.  And, they flooded.  People's flood insurance didn't cover all the damage, and they were all looking for a government bailout.  When I went house hunting, i did not buy near water.  I made sure my house was uphill.  And I checked the area for a history of flooding.  It's about consequences.  You chose to buy a house along a river.  Flooding was always a risk.  Live with the consequences of your decision.
Oh God No!  The original Constitution was designed to limit government.  As polarized as the country is, it would be a really bad idea to try and write a new one now.

One group would try to ban all guns.  Another would try to ban all Muslims.  We don't even want to try and think about rewriting the Constitution in our current economic climate.  I fully expect the country to fall apart and splinter into multiple countries that all go to war with each other.
My beliefs will cause me to be rounded up and executed anyway under Communism, so death is what will happen under Communism.  I was born in the US because my father's family was on the list to get sent to Siberia.  They decided is was better to flee in Poland instead.

First thing Communists do is round up the "Inteligencia," the smart , intelligent, free thinkers, and either execute them or imprison them long enough to be forgotten. 
Vegans.  Because they try to force their morality on everyone.

Also, there is little to no science to backup the claim that veganism is a healthy way to eat.  Whether you like to admit it or not, meat is simply more nutrient dense than plant matter.

Personally I don't find it any more ethical to eat plants than animals.  Plants serve an important role in our ecosystem, and destroying existing ecosystems just to create farms isn't exactly environmentally friendly.

As for "suffering of animals," that's really more an issue with HOW we farm livestock, as opposed to farming livestock at all.

It is unethical to convince people to eat Vegan, considering some of the health problems it causes.  If you want to take up veganism as a way of eating, more power to you.  But forcing other people to do it is just unethical.
Why do I even bother reading tech news on April 1st?
Perhaps.  Is there not a provision in the Constitution to call for a constitutional convention and scrap and redo?
That's not the fault of the Constitution, it's fault of our Government for not adhering to it.  We don't impeach nearly as often as we should.
That's why the amendment process was created.  Problem is, people are scared to use it these days.  They'd rather just pass unconstitutional laws or ignore the parts they don't like.
Fedex and UPS have already stated that they don't want anything to do with daily metered mail delivery on a fixed schedule to every house in the US for a flat fee.  Yes, it's profitable to deliver junk mail.  But the rates FedEx or the USPS would need to charge for that would be pretty high.  The USPS has decades of infrastructure in place to handle that.

I think the USPS should be completely privatized.  A lot of foreign countries have privatized their post offices with great success.

Nixon got us halfway there.  Let's take it all the way.
I have a problem with this too.  The government should not prop up companies.  That's what bankruptcy laws are for.
That makes too much sense.  It will never happen.
I have never been in favor of trickle down either.  But I also don't believe that tax burden should be based on size.  I don't think that Ford of GM should pay more tax percentage-wise than my corner hardware store.  I don't believe in a corporate progressive tax.

The biggest problem with the US is that the government is unwilling to SPEND LESS.  No matter which party is in charge, they all spend the same.  They just put it in different buckets.
Correct.  And the free market is what keep companies in check.  Every company, by design is greedy.  By it's very nature, it has to be.
It proves that all companies should not be punished because some companies are assholes.
I went to see Yes in concert with my friend, my brother and his girlfriend.  We're in the very back row with the corporate box seats above and behind us.  So, about 2-3 feet above our heads is big open window.

Well, the guys in the box decided to mess with us and proceeded to occasionally pour a small amount of beer on my brother's girlfriend's head.  We confronted them a few times, but they ignored us.  And since they were slightly above us, it's not like we could even reach up and take a swing at them.

So, my brother wanders off and buys a beer.  And he just leaves it patiently on the floor next to him.  And he waits....

The show ends, and the band comes back out to do the usual encore.  And since it's Yes, they played one of their more famous songs and everyone gets up and screams.  My brother reaches over and grabs the beer.  He jumps up real fast and yells "Yes!  You Rock!" and proceeds to thrown the entire cup over his head and it completely soaks a guy as he runs up to the opening to see the Yes encore.

The guy just starts screaming at us and we proceed to ignore him.  The guy tries to reach down for my brother, and he simply slams backwards and pins the guys arm between the concrete wall and his back, holds it there for a minute, and then we all just leave.

Last thing we heard was someone else saying "You deserved it, dude."
Clearly the big money maker for the USPS these days is shipping packages.  Not much in the way of first class letters any more.  People call each other and pay their bills online.

I know a lot of foreign post offices offer some cool features:

1. No mail delivery to your house.  You just get an email.
2. The Post Office is a bank.  You can keep a balance with them and actually do online bill pay from their web site.  Since your bills are scanned and made available online, it's like one stop shopping.
3. You can pay a monthly fee and never get junk mail.
4. The actual post office branches have other businesses in them
5. Photocopying and packing services (meaning you walk in with a lamp and say you want to ship it to your Aunt in England, and they pack it up for you and ship it.

The USPS has, in the past, presented some of these ideas to Congress and been shot down.  The photo copier thing still bugs me.  People used to go the Post Office, make copies and mail them, back in the 80s and 90s.  Congress made them take the copiers out, and now people go to Fedex Office (Kinko's) and get the same service.

I used to do consulting work for the National Archives back in the 2000s, and it always boggled my mind what kind of restrictions were placed on us to prevent us from unfairly competing with the private sector.  I remember when we rolled out the 1930 Census.  The 1930 Census website had a lot of restrictions placed on it, so it would not compete with ancestry.com and other for-profit genealogy businesses.
Where did the ask to fund 75 years stuff come from?

EDIT:  Another article I read also said that the USPS was more than capable of making the payments.  Then the Great Recession hit, and that hit the USPS hard.
I'm stuck on the 75 year thing, because every article I have read over the last 10 years always brings up that number.

I fail to understand why you would pre-fund all employees.  What happens when that employee leaves and isn't eligible for a pension?  Does the agency get a credit?
The article says it's because the restaurant serves foie gras and farmed meat “meant to run in the wild.”

Foie gras the liver of a duck that has been force fed to make the liver larger.  And I assumed he served wild game that had been farmed raised.

They're protesting at the wrong place.  If they want that stuff banned, then need to protest at their government building and lobby their government to ban that stuff.

Ultimately, they're fighting a losing battle.  Veganism just isn't healthy for you long term.  Humans are designed to eat meat.  We're omnivores with a strong carnivorous leaning.  Just Google ex-vegan and read all the blogs of people with a laundry list of health issues that made them eventually abandon veganism.
I didn't know him well enough to like him or dislike him.  He falls in the same category as Paul McGann.  I need to see more of him to see if I like him or not.

Sadly that's never going to happen.

Now the whole McGann situation annoys me.  I remember watching that TV movie when it aired originally.  There was no advertising around it.  2 days before I heard a commercial on the radio on the way in to work.  That was it.  And when I mentioned it to friends and coworkers, they knew nothing about it.  Fox set that up to fail.
Money.  All those autographs and pictures don't bring an insignificant amount of money.  And you can seriously get your ego stroked by fans constantly praising you all day.
> (John and Tennant became very good friends)

From the way people describe Tennant, it's impossible not to make friends with him.  Every interview I've seen seen with his coworkers, they all say he's the nicest guy you could every work with.


Can you tell me where in that document it says other federal agencies pre-pay for 75 years for all current hires?  Perhaps I am missing it, it but sounds to me like they they're paying for the current employees they have at around 11% of their current salary on an annual basis.
That is true.  I know you can get the plugs off of eBay for around $5.00.

Their big use comes in with converting single appliances.  So, if you wanted to do one lamp, this is the way to go.
https://www.linns.com/news/postal-updates/2017/april/congress-raid-usps-coffers-30-years.html

FTA

>What Bush demanded was that the USPS “pre-fund” the entire expected $55 billion in healthcare costs for tens of thousands of postal retirees. It was a requirement no other federal agency has faced.


Ok, I stand corrected.

But there is no reason they should have pre-payed for 75 years.  No other government agency is required to do this.  And the USPS is only quasi-public at this point.  Nixon gave them a lot of freedom.  For a quasi-public entity, the government has way too much control over them.
One of the problems the USPS faces is that they are not allowed to raise any of their rates without congressional approval.  The USPS has the lowest rates in the world.  Their shipping prices are cheaper than pretty any other carrier, because they couldn't raise rates if they wanted to.


It's 75 years for current AND anticipated future hires.

I find it funny that the Democrats were willing to repeal that law to make the post office solvent, but the Republicans were dead set against it.

And when the post office tries new things, it's always the Republicans that stop them.  Remember back in the 80s and 90s when there were photocopiers in the Post Office?  Yeah, the Republicans made them rip those things out because they were unfairly competing with the private sector.  The Post Office also wanted to follow in the steps of foreign post offices and offer banking services, and the Republicans in Congress killed that too.  I know at one point there was talk of spinning them off as a completely private company and once again the Republicans were opposed to the idea.  Then they wanted to stop Saturday delivery to save money, and once again the Republicans told them, no way.

From what I read, the Republican end game was to have the Post Office somehow get rid of their union.

The Post Office performs one service no one else wants to.  They offer daily delivery to every doorstep in the US.  A lot of carriers use them for "last mile delivery."

I personally think they should be completely privatized so Congress can't mess with them.  But they won't do that, because they're addicted to those 75 year pre-payments for benefits and retirement. 
The postal service makes a LOT of money off of Amazon.  They don't deliver their packages for free.
That's a lot more expensive.  If this project fails, I'll look into that.
Ok, now I get it.  This is the first smart home thing I have used, so I had not idea the Echo had intelligence based on location.

The thing is in active development.  That can probably be addressed with a firmware update:

Send them an email:

customerservice@bondhome.io 
They're trying to force him to put a sign up on his front window that he doesn't agree with.

F*** everything about that.  Since when do vegans have the right to tell other people how to run their businesses?


I want to try using a Sonoff switch with Routines.
It's a slick little device.  I'm kind of surprised someone had not come up with this idea sooner.

When my wife first got me my Echo 2 years ago on Father's Day, I had no interest in home automation, thought I thought it would be really cool to use it with my fans.  To my dismay, there was no fan support.
So you want the Bond to turn off the fan and the light at the same time?

I'm hoping it can remember state at some point.  So I can say "Alexa, turn off all ceiling fans" before we leave the house and it knows which ones are on and which ones are off.  I totally understand this would require no one ever use their remotes again.
F*ck everything about this.  He SHOULD NOT have to hang a sign in his window.  You should all be rounded up and arrested for protesting without a permit.

Vegans are evil.
My son set up a group and said "Alexa turn off all lights" and the lights in every bedroom went off.
That sounds perfect.  You get your vinyl AND a lossless archival digital copy.
Is the digital download a FLAC or an MP3?
In the 80s, CDs used to cost $14.99 and vinyl cost $7.99.
I remember tech cartoons making jokes about Sharpie violating the DMCA back then.  It was pretty funny at the time.
Wireless may be the future.  But then develop a wireless that's better than Bluetooth. 
I remember that crap in the 2000s.  I thought it was funny that that copy protection could be defeated with a Sharpie.  We did that at work.  Take a Sharpie, run it along the very edge of the CD.  Wait for it to dry.  Insert in CD player and rip it.

I seem to recall that those discs would not work in DVD players.  They had to be used only in CD Players.  I remember taking them back to Best Buy because I could not get them to work.
iPhone X almost the same size as both the Galaxy S9 and the LG v30.
CDs are more convenient than vinyl, but less convenient than your phone or an MP3 player.  They're the most convenient of physical media formats
Other thing you can try is spraying some deoxit into the jack.  It's a contact cleaner.  But I would definitely take it to the Apple store and see if they can clean it out for you.
Cause the average crook is smart enough to know that they need to go into my basement and grab that old as dirt PC with no monitor, keyboard or mouse.

Heck I could record it to my parents' or bothers house.  I just don't want to be forced into a subscription.

Also, I tend to think burglars are going to break in through my sliding glass door and not my front door.
Probably.  But the average data center is a giant target.  One PC in your home is not.  Maybe if you're someone important.  But no one is going to hack the average joe to get their doorbell cam footage.  They're going to hack you to add you to a botnet.
I bought a CD player at Goodwill for $6.00.  It needed a new belt, which cost me $8.00 on eBay.  I now have a vintage 1989 CD player for $14.00.

And, of course, any DVD/Blu-Ray player will play a CD.  You can get old CD and DVD players on Craigslist for cheap.

And used CDs are disgustingly cheap.  Store near me sells them for $5.99 each or 4 for $20.  Plus they have crates of less popular CDs for $1.99 and $2.99.
Using vinyl is an experience.  Some people love the ritual.  And more power to them.  I'm not a fan of it, really.  But that's just me.  Having used for a pretty long time (through probably the mid 70s when I was finally old enough to drop a needle, to almost all of the 80s), it got old on me.

There's a nostalgia factor that makes me want to buy an old Technics turntable and play some Genesis albums on it, because I remember doing that in my teens.,  But I know I'll do it once or twice and then probably never do it again.

As for "audiophiles.." Audiophiles, in general, are idiots.  Most of them regurgitate what someone else says and are merely gear collectors more than they are actual lovers of music.  Are tube amps superior to solid state amp?  No.  They're just different.  If you like the sound of them, sit back and enjoy.  But don't go look down on us solid state guys.  My biggest problem with "audiophiles" is the sheer snobbery sometimes.  There's a reason I call them "placebophiles."

I'm an audiophile because I love music.  It's not because I own thousands of dollars in gear.
Minidisc was neat.  I just wish you could fill a minidisc with music faster.

TBH, I don't really understand why vinyl is catching on.  It's such an inconvenient format.  You have to flip the disc.  It can get scratched.  I used to have albums.  I remember being a freshman in high school and the CD player coming out.  I could not wait to ditch my turntable and get a CD player.  I finally bought one in 1988 and I have never looked back.

The only problem I have with CDs, is they scratch way too easily.  I've kissed a couple of CDs goodbye over the years from them ending up under my passenger seat and getting scratched  up by debris in the car (sand, dirt, etc).

I think it's funny how, when CDs came out, all the talk was about how they were superior to vinyl and tape.  Lower noise floor.  Greater dynamic range.  Audiophile were all about CDs back then.  I remember going over friends' houses and people showing off their CD players and talking about how awesome it sounded compared to their record.

Now it seems to be the exact opposite.  Audiophiles are claiming vinyl has a warmth and greater dynamic as compared to digital.  That's crap.  Vinyl make have a warmth (which some refer to as "the vinyl sound"), but digital will always have greater dynamic range.

If you like vinyl, more power to you.  Enjoy.  The large size is really cool.
It's this 12cm round disc that hold 8-12 tracks of music that you have to physically leave the house to get.  It requires you actually interact with another human being face to face.  You should try it sometimes.
I rip the CD and put it on my Subsonic and Plex server and then stream from my house to all my devices in or out of my house.

I buy CDs, because I like owning media.  It's nice to get the booklet with the lyrics and other info on the album.  Plus, the CD, a lot of times, is cheaper than the digital download on Amazon.  It's also the only way to make music that is DRM and watermark free.  Plus it's kind of proof of ownership.

And the last reason is: shitty remasters.  Most remastered music is dynamically compressed, a lot.  It's called the Loudness Wars and it's ruining music.  If you're looking for an older album, I would much rather crate dig and get the original CD from the 80s, which has way more dynamic range, and listen to that.

Once in a while I will listen to the original CD, but most of the time, I listen to the rip I make.

CDs are also digitial.  So, unlike vinyl, I can make a perfect copy of it for backup.

I just bought the [Greta van Fleet CD on Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Fires-Greta-Van-Fleet/dp/B07743SG4T).  The MP3s are $6.99.  The CD is $5.99.  And if I buy the CD, Amazon autorip gives me the MP3s right away.  Since I have Prime, shipping is free.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jVoSQP2yUYA
Vinyl costs a FORTUNE.  $30 for an album?!  No thanks!  I'm still buying CDs.
I needed more than one.  One for the car, one for the office, one for home.  One in my laptop bag.

And if wireless is the future, why do iPads and all Macintoshes still have headphonne jacks?  There have been new models of everything introduced since the iPhone 7, but they get to keep the headphone jack.
That's great.  Still can't charge and listen to music at the same time.
The former a ~~dumpster fire~~ store of value.
:-)

I thought ServiceNow was good when I first tried it.  It's much better than our previous product.  But the more I use it, the more it annoys me.
[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/amythunderbolt)
That's funny, since the top 2 Android phone makers, LG and Samsung both just released phones with headphone jacks in them.  The only ones I know of that removed the headphone jack were Google and Motorola.  And I will NEVER buy another Motorola again.  The company has gone to shit since Lenovo bought them.
Adding ports does not.  Adding dongles does.
I would never buy a laptop without an Ethernet jack.  High end Apple laptops don't come with an Ethernet jack.  But forget that for now.

How many laptops on the market make me pick between Ethernet or charging my laptop because of a dongle?  Most laptops have at least 2 USB-C ports on them.  Of course the Apple MacBook doesn't.  So, once again, I can buy an Apple Macbook and choose between charging or Ethernet, OR I can buy a Lenovo X1 Carbon or an HP Spectre and get more than one port.  Form over function needs to stop.

With the iPhone, I'd even be OK with 2 Lightning ports on the bottom.  It's not really about the dongle so much as it is about just one port on the thing.

Lightning is also a digital only connector.  So, all those dongles have DACs in them.

USB-C can do pass-through analog audio.  In theory, a USB-C dongle could split in two and provide 2 wires for analog audio and the rest to power and sync.
You should upgrade.  Apple would want that.
You know CarPlay requires a wired connection.
Not a big deal, if you have a headphone jack.  :-)
OK, I want to add every single album by Queen to my library.  How do I do this without being forced to add each individual album?
If I needed a modem, sure I would.  But I don't need a modem.  I DO need a headphone jack.
Vent mount will destroy your battery.  CD Tray mount might be cool.  Right now I am [this mount](https://www.amazon.com/Scosche-MAGDMB-MagicMount-Magnetic-Devices/dp/B00I608BJ8/ref=sr_1_11?s=wireless&ie=UTF8&qid=1522151165&sr=1-11&keywords=magnetic+car+mount) and it's the best mount I have ever used.
How about the ability to add an artist to your library.
Apple offered the W1 chip for sale to anyone that wanted to use it.  And no one used it.  I think the W1 fixed a problem that did not exist.  Bluetooth pairing via NFC is nothing new.  It's just new to Apple.  The fact that car makers are making CarPlay head units without W1 chipsets is kind of interesting.
That explains a lot!  Thanks for the info.  So, when you're using navigation, your engaging your cellular radio the whole time?
Other than the fact that it's a suction cup mount, looks cool.
I never said my car was older.  I merely said my car did not do A2DP.

And that unit has a mic, which I said, I DO NOT WANT.  I want an A2DP ONLY dongle, which it seems no one makes.

I've installed head units in cars before.  Just not in one that required that I cut a new hole in my dashboard.


This is either an auto-corrects disaster, or your high as fuck.
I feel like w1 fizzled and died.  Apple offered it to other audio makers and no one that I know of used it besides beats, which Apple owns.
If you're referring to this:

https://www.amazon.com/Mpow-Bluetooth-Receiver-Streambot-Hands-Free/dp/B00MJMV0GU/

I have two different models of those.  They annoy me, because they have both A2DP and a mic, so half the time, when I get a call, it gets routed to the dongle instead of the car, requiring me to look at my phone and switch it to my car's Bluetooth, something I really don't want to do while driving.

I'm still trying to find a REASONABLY priced dongle that does A2DP ONLY and doesn't have a mic in it.

There's a reason the headphone jack has been around this long, and that's because it "just works."  You plug something into it and audio comes out.  It's simple.  it's pretty much bullet proof.

When I get a rental car, I don't need to go into the glove box and find the owners manual and figure out how to pair my phone.  I can just plug in my phone and move on with my drive.
Ha!
2014 Chevy Cruze.  Stereo only does Bluetooth phone, not Bluetooth audio.  And it's a custom radio.

https://i.ytimg.com/vi/FM8nYrVCjxU/maxresdefault.jpg

So ripping it out and replacing it with a standard radio would cost a fortune.
Same.  My son says they're the only thing that stays in his ear.  The fall out of mine.
More power to you.  Isn't it great to have the choice?
> Having music play on a Bluetooth stereo in your car while your phone pocket is the best thing ever. 

I'm sure it is.  But my car stereo doesn't support it.  And I'm not willing to hundreds for the privilege.  Newer cars all have funky proprietary radios, so you can't just pull out the old radio and put a ne w one in.
I can't handle anything in my ears. They're very sensitive.  I need to use stuff that's on-ear or around-ear.  Apple Eapods, AirPods, 3rd party IEMs; they all kill my ears after about 5 minutes.
> Eventually iPhones may one day even ditch the charging port in favor of wireless charging only.

Oh I know that's where they're heading.
I'm 49.  Obviously ancient.  I got the corded phone, because a few years ago my cordless phone broke and it would never ring.  So i didn't answer any calls for a week.  The corded phone (which is actually powered by the telephone line itself), ensures that my phone will ring if there is a problem with my cordless phone.

And before you ask, yes, I give everyone my home number to use.  Only my friends get my cell number.
I'll just start with my morning:

1. Hop into car and take kids to school.  Plug phone into stereo using headphone jack and Lightning power.

2. Get home.  VPN into work.  Sit on work calls with my wired headset while charging my phone.  In between calls, listen to music and podcasts.

My phone is either on a call, or playing music/podcats from 7:30 AM till about 4:30 PM or so.  If I can't charge and listen and the same time, my phone will be dead around noon.
I have a full land line in my house.  And I have one corded phone in my living room in case my cordless phone goes dead.

>you charge your phone probably every night, it’s not hard to charge headphones

It's also pretty easy to just plug them the headphone jack and move on with my life.  Oh wait....
So, Apple expects me to buy a new car to use an new iPhone?
>I, for one, prefer the waterproofness and symmetry of the design without a headphone jack.

Samsung managed to achieve waterproofness while keeping the headphone jack.

And what symmetry are you talking about?  The opening is flush with the bottom of the phone.  Unless you make an active effort to stare at the bottom of your phone, then you're never gonna notice if the jack is there or not, until you go to plug your favorite headphones into it.

> Cords are becoming simply out-dated. Wireless really is so much better.

That is completely subjective.  I'll take a cord over a dead battery any day of the week.

>It goes hand in hand, this concept is not new, and there’s no point in waiting for Apple to change back.

Then there's no point in me hanging around.
I use a 3.5mm cord plugged into my stereo.  That jack is for more than just headphones.
There was a kickstarter that was suspended by Kickstarter.
My stereo does not have  Bluetooth audio.  It has Aux only.  How am I going to charge my phone and listen to music at same time through my stereo?
No, I'm crying about the dongle taking away my ability to charge while listening to music or be on a call.
So, the cellular radio while using GPS?
The headphone jack can fill with pocket lint and other undesirables.  Take it to the Apple Store and see if they can check it and clean it out for you.
I use headphones and charge at the same time pretty much every day.  And it do every single car ride I am in.

Bluetooth headphones are neat and all, but:

1. I don't want to charge my headphones
2. I don't own any and I am not going to buy some just because Apple decided to remove the headphone jack.  I own a half dozen different headphones.
The currently Lightning to 3.5mm dongle is actually reasonably priced.  Which is good.  Cause you're going to want to have them lying around all over the place.  I actually bought one when the iPhone 7 came out.  Decided to "Live the iPhone 7 life" for a month.  Absolutely hated it.
How am I going to do wireless charging in my car while using navigation (GPS seriously sucks the battery)?

And I already own lots of headphones.  I don't need to buy AirPods, which hurt my ears, don't stay in and cost way too much.

I am not upgrading my life around the fact that Apple are being boneheaded idiots.  Want to use an iPhone 7?  Well, let's upgrade your car stereo to make sure it has A2DP, cause we don't have a heaphone jack anymore.  Oh, and you listen and charge at the same time.  Well. Belkin has a "third party solution" for that.

Enjoy your iPhone 7/8/X.  Sorry it's going to cost you another $300-$400 in upgrades to your life to make it work.

Or I can buy a Samsung or LG phone and just plug in a USB-C and 3.5mm right in my phone.  ZERO upgrades required to my life or my car.

WTF Apple?  I've been with you since 1986.  Shit used to "just work."  Now it needs a dozen dongles to "just work."  Get your shit together Apple.  An ultra thin phone with that Belkin monstrosity hanging off the bottom of it is NOT better than a 6S.

Just give me an iPhone X with a headphone jack, TouchID AND FaceID, and make it thicker with a nice beefy battery and call it an iPhone Pro.

Heck Jonny Ive is a smart guy.  Have him design the entire back to be one big battery that snaps in and then sell batteries in different thicknesses and let ME choose how much thickness I am willing to put up.

If Apple made a phone with a user replaceable battery the world would eat it up.
So be it.  There are choices outside of Apple.
I'm on my 6S because I want a F****** headphone jack.

Sorry Apple.  Unless you come up with a SMALL, REASONABLY PRICED dongle that will charge and listen at the same time, I'm really not interested.
There has already been a discussion of layer 3 solutions.

https://np.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/7bzn0k/lightning_network_has_just_been_bumped_to_layer_3/

https://np.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/7c83el/i_wish_roger_ver_good_luck_processing_256k/


I think Linux has a huge advantage on resource constrained systems.  I can run Linux on a few Raspberry Pis in a lab to do some quick testing of something.  I could never get Windows Server to run on resources like that.

I think XWindows being 30 years old is a non-issue.  We don't run GUIs on any of our Linux servers.  I haven't seen a GUI on a Linux server in well over 15 years now.

Bash may be 30 years old, but it's far from the only shell choice on Linux.  I still prefer it.

When I look at Powershell, the first thing that comes to mind is "About damn time, Microsoft."  Powershell was long overdue when it arrived.

I think the big plus with Linux is you get much more out of the box when Linux than you do with Windows.  If you wanted to set up groupware. most Linux servers can have LDAP, IMAP and CalDAV running on them at no extra charge, where on the Microsoft side, you need to get Exchange.

Back in the days of NT 4.0 and Windows 2000, the answer would have been "If you like getting paged at 2:00 AM, then by all means run that app on Windows Server."  Stability has improved a lot since then.
This is our company's direction going forward also.  Any new buildings we acquire are going to be wifi only.  And when the routers and switches are out of support, we're going to swap them out for new wireless gear.

This decision is just as boneheaded as our new Windows 10 image, popping up a static dialog box you can't cancel to force you to login to VPN when it detects you're on any network outside the company.
Need to read /r/fountainpens more often.
Just got back from Michael's.  The sale must be over, because I paid full price for my notebooks (minus the Michael's coupon I got in my email)

Bought 2 Dot Pads, one staple bound and one spiral bound and paid $6.99 for one and $5.99 for the other.
The root problem is that D&D Beyond and WoTC are two different companies.  DDB needs to make money on the rulebooks and payu WoTC whatever cut they get for each book sold.

I really like what they did with the digital rulebooks.  They're not just PDFs.  They're actually properly formatted for the screen size you're using.  But I won't pay $20-$30 for a rulebook I already own in hardback.  And I won't buy a digital copy that isn't DRM free.

The PDF that most people use is a good compromise.  An ePub or ePub would be better.
I agree.  It's too much money for what it is.  I wish they just offered epub 3 books.
There's a laundry list of reason to not like Roy Moore.  His entire political career is full of WTF moments where he makes stuff up and blatantly disregards the law.
Have an upvote for a gorgeous tank
I support crypto.  I think BCH took the right path, but, if by some miracle, BTC does win, I'm willing to use it depending on how lightning hubs play out.  If we see hub pop up all over Lightning that are owned by banks or investment houses, might as well just use fiat.
I have a habit of that, it seems.
The system was poisoned.  I think we've learned it's extremely easy to sway popular opinion these days.  Nobody vets anything for accuracy.  They just publish it for ratings/mouse clicks.  It's a product of the times.

My motivations are totally self centered.  I would love a Congress made up of Libertarians that will leave people the hell alone.  But America isn't ready to take responsibility for their own actions yet.
My only experience on the matter is talking to people from Alabama and hearing what they have to say.

>If you have someone who would "vote on important legislation that impacts all of America based on how thinks God would want it to go", but behaves in an ungodly way in his personal life, then any religious person who votes for him is a perfect example of ignoring the candidate's personal life in favor of their political performance.

In my experience with dealing with people from this section of the country, it's not about overlooking or ignoring the candidates personal life as much as it is making sure the Democrat loses.  My neighbors are from Alabama, and they had a large family gathering at their house and when I asked people about it, they were very clear: this isn't about whether Moore is moral enough to represent them.  It's about making sure a Democrat never gets that seat.

Admittedly my sample size is only 20+ people.  But that's all I have access to.

>Have there been any Democrats running on a theocratic platform in Alabama?

I've never seen a Democrat running on a theocratic platform, period.  Seen lots of Republicans do it.  And those that do, kinda scare me.  Democrats scare me for completely different reasons.
Doesn't matter.  Not an impeachable offense.  Please stop distracting us from something that might actually get him impeached.
It appears I am.  I had assumed that Keto could get a diabetic through at least a couple of weeks till they could find medicine.
I would too.  The issue I have is that that is not the way the average Alabama voter is working.  They ignore the moral faults of the Republican candidate, but would have major issues with the moral faults of the Democrat.

If I truly believed that this was a case of the average Alabama voter  completely ignoring the candidates personal life and just picking things on the merit of their political convictions, then I'd say good for them.  About damn time.

I really don't give a crap what they do in Alabama.  But when he ran for US senate, then I kinda have to care.  Roy Moore has a history of ignoring the law.  He believes "God's Law" supersedes federal, state and local law.  And he was actually removed from the Alabama Supreme Court because he failed to comply with a federal court ruling.  I don't need him casting deciding votes on important legislation that impacts all of America based on how thinks God would want it to go.  I need him to cast votes based what's best for the US, and what's best for God, is not what's best for the US.
Thanks.  I'm avoiding GLP-1 and DDP-4 inhibitors.  Don't need anything taxing the β cells I have left.  And don't want to deal with all the abnormal growths they cause.

Keto + Metformin ER + Jardiance + Quercetin keeps my blood sugar between 80 and 120 24/7.  I can't complain.
Welcome to the game of politics.  When someone has been hurt by another human being, and they have the opportunity to stick it to them when it will hurt them most, they'll take it.

Revenge sucks.

I have a laundry list of issues with Roy Moore that have nothing to do with these specific allegations.  As a public servant and a judge, he does not get to pick and choose which laws apply to him and which ones don't.

And as a Libertarian, I take issues that he puts "God's Law" above US Law.  His political career is just full of WTF moments.
>Politics is about supporting political positions not moral failings of candidates.

Moral failing of candidates have ruined political careers.  We live in a strange world where that is no longer happening.  Even stranger that the group that used to bring it up the most (the religious right), no longer see it as an issue when it comes to their candidates.
I'm doing a ketogenic diet + metformin + jaridiance + quercetin.  Of that combination, the ketogenic diet does the most for lowering my blood sugar.

TBH, I don't think the metformin is doing anything at all.  It dropped my blood sugar about 10-15 points.  Keto dropped it 50 points easy.

My blood sugar was 211 fasting to start.  Metformin got me to 190 fastimg.  Keto got me to 145-150 fasting.  Jardiance didn't do anything.  Adding Quercetin got my fasting numbers in the 90s.

As a type II, I would never even consider eating "whatever I wanted," medicated or not.  My β cells are severely compromised.  Carbs are out forever.  There is no need to burn out what little β cell functionality I have left.  I'd rather leave it there pumping as little insulin as possible so that it's there if I need it in an emergency.  It also gives the body a rest.

Last night my son was inducted into the National Honor Society.  We had a dinner afterwards.  NOTHING in the buffet is keto friendly.  So, I decided to celebrate with my son and just eat.  Probably easily ate 200 g of carbs.  Prior to last night, I have been pretty strict keto for about a year and a half.  This morning's pre-medication fasting blood sugar was 104.  A year earlier, my blood sugar would have been 220 easily.
I'm now full time Firefox.  Find it hard to go back to Chrome now.
PCP.  I haven't gone to an endo.  Things are very well managed right now.  Don't need to bring another doctor into the mix.  I haven't had a blood sugar higher than 120 in 2 months, and haven't had one higher than 150 in over a year.
EDGE is good.  But Firefox is better.  New rendering engine is much faster.
Now how about native Windoiws 10 notifications?
Nice try, Judge Moore.
Only took my doctor a year to say "Maybe we should try Metformin XR."

This should be offered immediately.  People are way more likely to stick with the medicine if they don't experience all the gastric side effects.
Then I stand corrected.
I don't suck as Google.  All she claims is that she added to what Moore wrote in here yearbook.  She still claims he signed her yearbook.  Still claims he groped her.

None of the accusations have changed.  All that has changed is that she wrote Moore's address under his name.

You're sitting here defending Roy Moore and you're accusing me of being a partisan dipshit.  That takes a brass set.
I think that Evangelicals vote based in political positions more than moral qualities or even adherence to the law.  If Bill Clinton was a Republican, they would have "forgiven him his infidelity," but because he was a Democrat, he's a scumbag womanizer forever.
> Most damning accuser turned out to be lying

I have already provided a source that shows she was not lying.  Stop with the misinformation already.
Ignore what facts?
And, no she did not admit it was a forgery:

https://www.factcheck.org/2017/12/false-stories-roy-moore-accusers/


Local media in Alabama is NOT left wing.  This would be all over the news down there.

National media is another story.  But even national media eventually caves when a story is good enough to give them great ratings.    The US national media eventually turned on Clinton when it was ratings gold.  Eventually they went back to backing him when the fervor died down.  But for a while there, reporting on his scandal was ratings gold.
I would think a ketogenic diet would keep you going longer than two weeks.  It's by no means a long term solution.  Just a means to keep you alive till you can relocate to someplace with access to medical supplies.
In that situation, it's the best you have.  Hopefully in a year you can get someplace that can give you insulin.  Without a ketogenic diet, your life expectancy is far shorter than a year.

I'm not saying that you can live that way.  All I am saying is, in the situation you describe, it's probably your only option, unless you can get some insulin.  If you can extend your life by a year, you can probably get to someplace that has access to medical supplies, even if you had to walk there.
>And the most damning accuser turned out to be lying.

Can you provide me a link to this.

>Do you not endorse how your legal system works? He was not found guilty why should people not vote for him?

Because it's an obvious double standard.  Had Roy Moore been a Democrat, he would not have stood a chance.  It boggles my mind what morally objectionable behavior people are willing to put up with in order to make sure their party wins an election.
Because most of the people that voted for him are strong evangelical Christians.  If a similar accusation was about a Democrat, they would run him out of town with a shotgun.
Diet.

Start a ketogenic diet and hope for the best.  That's what they did at the turn of the century before they discovered insulin.  Read up on the Banting Diet.
It honest scares me that Roy Moore almost won.  That vote divide should have been a lot greater than it was.
Wasn't Rand the one that wanted to force bills to have a minimum review time based on the number of pages it was so everyone actually has the opportunity to read it in full?

Rand is an interesting guy.  Though he has many interesting Libertarian viewpoints (probably from his upbringing), he's definitely Republican batshit crazy on some things.

And he's a little too cozy with Trump for my liking.

I aligned much better with his Father's thinking than I do with his.  I was probably 80% aligned with Ron Paul.  I think I am only 50% aligned with Rand.
Oh wow.  That's pretty amazing.  Didn't know that worked for Type I diabetics.

I'm a Type II on Keto and still medicated.  Seems my liver just doesn't know when the stop making glucose.  Pretty infuriating.
So, are you saying when you did full keto, you didn't use any insulin at all?
[Objective2 Headphone Amp](https://www.massdrop.com/buy/massdrop-o2-amplifier?mode=guest_open)

The drop is just about to end.
It's been a week, and I'm very impressed.
I don't know if it's better recommended, but I am using mine with a Massdrop Objective2 Headphone Amp, and it does a great job driving them.
I got mine last week.
This has got to be heaven for Sennheiser.  When is the last time they sold 43,000 units in this short a time?  The used market is pretty saturated with these things.  By undercutting it with a Massdrop exclusive, it ensures they get the money instead of /r/AVexchange .

Kind of brilliant.
I guess the real issue is rolling out a very complicated second layer solution just to avoid a block size increase.

And with the rhetoric for the last year that Bitcoin is a "store of value." it's going to take some serious convincing to make it a currency again.
Didn't BCH form to avoid off-chain scaling solutions?
The two things I love about this filter is:

1. The Aquastop valve.  Disgusting simple!
2. The ribbed flexible tubing that never kinks
Well, you have to make a profit somewhere.

I just find it funny that BTC people believe fees are the same for both coins.  They're clearly not.  Bitcoin fees are low.  Probably the lowest they've been in a year.  But they're not BCH low.
I didn't know the priming valve acted as a flow regulator also.  Kinda cool.
Says August 16th, not April 4th
I have a FiiO A3 I may be able to sell you.  I NEVER use the thing.

EDIT:  Looks like Massdrop just started another HD6xx drop, which are rebanded HD650s for $199.  Worth a look, if you're willing to wait.
The 305 has that.  It's the priming valve.  I just read the instructions and you are right.  It can be raised up to half way to reduce flow.  Learned something new today.
Plug it in your phone and walk around the house.  You could buy a portable amp, but it would probably be better to buy a different set of headphones you can walk around the house with.

HD600/HD650/HD6xx are really "sit at your desk and listen to music" cans.  If I need to walk around the house and can use open backs, I grab my Fidelio X2s.
How do you turn down the water flow?  I don't see that feature on my 305.
Yes, I have a 305.  Have had it for years and am quite happy with it.
Bureaucracy at it's finest!
I tried doing some stuff with AutoIt and it never did what I wanted it to do.
The job of the system is not ease of use.  I swear they make the change management process as complicated as possible in order to make sure you don't change anything.  The fact that they literally deal with HUNDREDS of changes a week, tells me they're requring change tickets for too much stuff.  The weekly change summary email has a 20-25 page PDF attachment every week.  I swear I need a change ticket to wipe my ass after I take a shit.
How are you auto-filling?
I do.  But when my 8 hour day turns into an 11 hour day because I'm cutting change tickets at 8:00 PM at night till I go to bed, that does not make for a happy /u/plazman30.
Not mine.  Clears the description, the short description, all tasks, all affected Items, all impacted items, all approvers.
Ah, if only Lightning was ready for prime time.  18 more months!
Ticket cloning should keep the ticket intact and just clear the dates.  It does not.  It clears more than half the fields.
Well one comment posted to me was that BTC and BCH fees are identical right now, and that Bitpay is increasing BTC fees to help promote BCH, because they were always against Core.

I know this is patently false, because blockchain.info recommends a fee 10 times higher for BTC for me last week than for using BCH.

I know BTC fees have gone down, but they're still way higher than BCH.

Of course that doesn't mean Bitpay isn't price gouging.  Hence my quesiton.


I don't.  But I do it anyway.  Otherwise change tickets will never get gone.
AptX is a low latency lossy codec used in Bluetooth wireless.  These are wired headphones and don't need AptX.
They put a quarter inch on the end of the HD599?  You'd think they all come with 3.5mm now.  When I bought my HD 558 a few years ago, they came with 2 cables, a very long quarter inch and a shorter 3.5mm.
Ding! Ding! Ding!
I have not.
> Also, even if that was an acceptable business practice, your system should be handling it.

Correct.  The system should just add them as approvers.

Honestly I think they ran out of budget money with the super heavy customization and just can't afford to add more requirements to the system.  So all new requirements are either attachments or something you need to enter as a freeform note.
ServiceNow
For a reboot, not only do I need to cut a change record, I need to get change team verbal authorization.  And if it's really not hard down, so you decide to reboot after hours, they'll give you a hard time, tell you it's not an emergency because "it obviously can wait" and will force you to cut an expedited change ticket which requires executive sign off to implement.
ServiceNow
We have 5 change calls that overlap, based on Business Unit.  When we used to roll out software to all desktops via Zenworks, I used to have to attend ALL 5 calls, because I impacted all business units.  Explaining that this is just physically impossible to the change team didn't matter.  So, we would end up staggering a software rollout over 2 weeks, just so we could make all the calls, and ended up needing to cut multiple tickets for different business units.
We only have about a half dozen pre-approved changes. And pre-approved changes need to be on a schedule.  So, Windows patching is pre-approved, because it happens every month on Patch Tuesday.  But updates to the apps I support and done when vendor releases new code.  Since that's not on a regular schedule, I cannot get a pre-approved change.
I do.  But I get an error if there some mandatory field I have not filled out yet.  When you start a change ticket, you don't answer the phone, you log out of Skype and you just work on the ticket, because you don't want to get distracted and have it time out on you.
We have JIRA in house because we're an "Agile shop" now.  And by Agile, I mean we bought a JIRA license and use all the buzzwords.  That's about it.
Did you know about the HD6xx?  Massdrop rebranded HD650s for $199.
Nope.  As long as you don't get static when you twist it around, you're fine.
Nope.  We've never used Remedy for change management.  We used to use it years ago for ticketing.  This January was the the first time the company used the same piece of software for help desk tickets and change rickets.
Nope.  We went with hosted Service Now and then customized it so much we actually delayed it's implementation twice because if was still missing stuff.
>Or do you spend all day on Reddit waiting for committee approval to do 5 minutes of actual work? ;-)

Pretty much.

We have 2 test environments.  In the lower test environment, I can do whatever I need to so I get a good chunk of my work done there.

In the upper test environment (Production mirror), I need to cut change records.

So, 50% of my work I can get doe without the bone crushing process weighing me down.

What really annoys me is that when I get woken up at 3:00 AM because of an outage, I can't engage someone to do something even as simple as reboot server without paging the change team and getting verbal authorization to do so.  What's even worse sometimes is we page a team and they tell us that they will only work off of a fully approved change record that has been properly change team authorized.

I've actually entered one of these things at 3:00 AM and had to to call people in the middle of the night to VPN in and approve a change record just to get a downed system back up.

Of course the next day we escalate the issue and their management gets a brow beating for leaving a critical system down for over 2 hours because of paperwork.

EDIT:  That was just entering the change.  That doesn't include the time it takes to chase down everyone to approve the change.
Go check out /r/keto 
I am updating a war file on a Tomcat server.
Holy crap.  You have no idea how many times that has happened to me. Every time I fill out a new field, I click save.
Sure.

#Part 1 of Form

* Requestor:  The person requesting the change (must be an IT person)
* Caterogy
* Subcategory
* Item: The Application or server you're making a change to
* Environment: Production, DR, Test, DEV, etc
* Risk: Calculated
* Change Trigger:  Drop down list of reasons why you need to do the change
* Type of change: Normal, Expedited, Emergency, Standard
* Assignment Group: Group who will be coordinating the work
* Assigned to: Coordinator of the record.  This CANNOT be the same as the Requestor.  And despite the fact that you could design the system to not allow the same name in both systems, it does not  You have to remember not to duplicate the two or you will get rejected on the call and have to wait another week.
* Short Description:  Cannot use ANY abbreviations here.  It was always a joy spelling out Windows EXPerience.
* Description:  This is a long form description field.  The short description cannot be duplicated in this field, and you have to write using language an non-IT person can understand.

#Part 2 of Form:

8 tabs across:  Planning, Schedule, Raised Floor Access, Conflicts, Notes, Meeting Information, Related Records, Closure information.

On the Planning tab:

* Testing Sign Of:  Must list the person providing testing sign off.  Cannot be the change requestor or change coordinator.
* Documentation update required? Yes/No
* Disaster Recovery Plan Update required?  Yes/No
* Justification:  At least 2 sentences explaining why the change is needed.
* Implementation Plan:  Step by step implementation plan dumbed down
* Risk and Impact:  This is a free form field, but we have a set of 15 canned quesitons we need to answer and cut and paste into this field.
* Backout plan: Detailed backout plan, dumbed down for non IT people
* Verification steps: dumbed down for non-IT people

On the schedule tab:

Planned start date: Start Date and Time
Planned end date and time: End Date and Time

On Raised FLoor Access:

Physical Access Required: Yes/No

If you choose Yes, then you need to fill out which data center, which floor, which section, what times the access will be required and who will require the physical access.

Conflits tab:  We'll get back to this.

Notes tab:

Tab to add freeform notes

Rest of the tabs remain empty.

Now you have to save your record.

#Part 3 of Form

After you save it, 13 new tabs come up.  You will need to go to only the following tabs: Change Tasks, Approvers, View/Add Approval Groups, Affected Items, Impacted Items, Impacted Business Units and Outages.

So, first you go to Affected Items, and list all the servers and applications that run on those servers.

Then you go to Impacted Items and list any applications or server that you are not directly working on, but may be impacted by your change.  So, if you're patching a database, you need to list every single application and the server those apps are on that talk to this database on this tab.

Once you do that, you need to go to Change Tasks.  You need to create an Implementation and Verification task for every single Affected Items.  Each "task" requires you to enter a start date and time and an end date and time (You'd think it would use the start date and time and end date and time of the change ticket, but NO, you have to put the info in all over again.)  And for each task, you need to add a description in the short description field, and a long description with non-dumbed down steps for the person doing the change or verification, and the team you're assigning the work to.  So, you're going to be updating a cluster of 3 servers.  You need to add 2 steps (implementation and verification) for each server in the cluster, for the cluster object itself, and for each application running on that server.

Next you go to View/Add Approval groups and add any additional groups that other team may require.  Say you need to engage the UNIX team to bounce a server for you.  The UNIX team may have a separate UNIX managers group that needs to be put on as an approver, because that is that teams rules of engagement for a change ticket.

Once that is done, you need to click on a link that says "Fill Out Risk Calculations" and a form pops up with 10 questions you have to answer.  Those questions are then "attached" to the change ticket.

Now, you need to go back to the first set of tabs and click on Conflict and click on "Check conflict.  Now the thing churns away for 5 minutes and checks all your affected and impacted items to make sure they are not being used in another Change ticket.  If they are, then a list of conflicts is listed and you need to click on each one and "accept the conflict" and write a detailed description of why it's acceptable to proceed with the conflict.  Once that is done, the change ticket automatically adds some new team as an approver.  That team's job is to review your answers and make sure you answered properly.

Once that is done, you can start with your attachments:

* Test environment testing sign off
* Test environment proof that it worked (usually in the form of a screen shot)
* Any required checklists other teams you are engaging may require.
* Detailed step by step instructions
* Any files needed (config files, SQL scripts, installers, etc)
* Any attachments the change team requires this week that were not required last week.

But you're not done yet.  You need to find the outages tab.  If you're taking an app or server down for any reason (which is kinda the whole point to change record, is it not?!), you need to enter an outage record for every single item in the Impacted Items tab.  That record need to have an outage start and end date time (because it can't F*&!ing use the date and time the change ticket uses for some reason, and a short and long description; as usual the two cannot be the same.

Now that that is all done, you click on Execute Risk Calculation and some voodoo magic determines how risky your change is.  This can take anywhere from 1 minute to 5 minutes depending on how bogged down the server is.  If the risk is low or medium, you only have to attend one change call.  If it comes up high, you need to attend 2 calls.  If it comes up very high, you need to attend 3 different calls.

90% of the freeform fields have actual templates you're supposed to use, so you need to open a previous change ticket and see what exactly they're looking for in that field.

Now, you finally click save.  You don't dare his submit.

At this point your brain is fried, so you Skype a coworker and ask him to review the record to make sure you didn't miss anything.  He reviews it.  You make corrections based on feedback.  And now you Skype another coworker and have him also do a review.  You make corrections he recommend and only then do you submit the record.

And then you get on the change call, and 50% of the time the change team has added a new requirement which you would have only found out about had you actually visited their Intranet page like a hawk looking for mice every day and seen the new requirement.  So, half the time, they agree to let it go this time.  The other half the time, they reject the change and make resubmit and wait another week

And that is how you enter a change ticket.

> We have very good reason to suspect that it will be a lot cheaper because unlike on-chain transactions, LN transactions aren't limited to a scarce amount of block space.

There were attempts to fix this as far back as 2014.

>We have very good reason to suspect that it will be a lot cheaper because unlike on-chain transactions, LN transactions aren't limited to a scarce amount of block space.

Nodes need to stay on 24/7.  That's not cheap.

>while BCH and BTC are both clearing at 1 sat/b they impose a somewhat hefty "network fee" on BTC while BCH remains free. 

That is not true.  BCH fees are significantly lower.  I just sent a payment using blockchain.info last week, and the C BCH fee was 10 times lower than the BTC fee.  I chose to use BCH.
Yeah, well, I started with Bitcoin in 2011.  Up until about 2014 it was always about vendor adoption, displacing banks, replacing fiat, and giving third world countries a voice in the world economy.  You hopped on board right when the hijack happened and the direction changed.  I remember buying Bitcoins for $10@.  I would by them and spend them.  I nagged websites to take them.  I remember the first price hike to $100.  I had friends at work that were running miners.  One of them had 23 bitcoin he had mined.
Bitcoin is not defaltionary.  The current investment craze is making it deflationary.  Every time a miner mines, he generates more Bitcoin.  This is supposed to INFLATE the currency until it becomes static when there are no more Bitcoins left to mine.

But the problem is, Bitcoin is supposed to be a currency and not an investment strategy.
> Settling on-chain after each tx is obviously retarded on LN and if you stay off chain, those multiple hops are obviously way cheaper than on chain txs.

This remains to be seen.  We have NO idea how the Lightning network fee structure is going to shake out..  Obviously more hope will cost more, so minimizing hops by using a Lightning hub should be a cost saving, unless the hub is the only route with sufficient capital to complete your transaction.

>Better than the business that does everything it can to drive users away from Bitcoin and over to BCH, including misrepresenting their own fee as "network fee", yes I think so.

So you think Bitpay is doing this on purpose to get people to use BCH instead?  That's kind of a stretch.  Do you have any proof Bitpay is inflating the transaction price?
How long have you been a Bitcoin owner?
Well, you think Square is going to be any better?  They need to pay all the Bitcoin network fees and still mark it up to make a profit.  And if they're on Lightning, then you'l need to pay the network fee for every hop, and then the settlement fee to settle on the Blockchain.
I like my job.  I don't want to get fired.  Sorry.


My speed record for doing a change ticket is 45 minutes.  I've never done one faster than that.
We actually have a special change call just for our security team, so they can roll out monitoring software without anyone knowing.  When they rolled out the man-in-middle SSL appliances, they broke half the company.

So, the break half the company, but if I don't fill out their massive form JUST RIGHT, it gets reject and I have to wait another week to deploy something.

I can't even enter an emergency change ticket.  I need to call the change team person on call and they determine whether I need an emergency change ticket.  If they agree, then they create the ticket and assign it to me to flesh out the details.
Every time we modify our change process here, we add more complexity here.  We actually just migrated to a hosted solution, and there are so many things that need to get filled out that the vendor couldn't handle it all.  In a number of places, I have to click on a link that loads another form, fill it out, and then it adds the form as an attachment to the change ticket.

Our old in house system was so heavily customized, that the vendor was unable to do any kind of upgrades to it, even maintenance patches.

Shit's out of control...

Newest requirement...  If we want to do a change that spans multiple data centers, we have to email the managers of all involved data centers and attach their email approvals to the change ticket.

I don't know about you, but most of the stuff I support is redundant across more than one data center.  That's kind of why you have multiple data centers.  I expect all these managers to create a rule that looks for the keyword approval and just replies with the word "approved," because I guarantee you their inboxes are getting flooded with requests right now.
I can step in a puddle and have dry socks in 15 minutes.  It's awesome.
Oh my God.  You have no idea.

I'll bump it up another ppm and thow in more Safe Start Plus

I agree.  I had assumed 2 ppm of ammonia was plenty to get a cycle started.  I figured when it dropped to 1 ppm, I wouid add more till I saw nitrites.

That is not how it started.  The #1 goal USED TO BE merchant adoption and spending.
My tap water has chloramines.  So, unfortunately I need to detoxify ammonia.
Oh got it!

Agree.
No.  It never goes down, so I don't want to add more.
I though the detoxfied ammonia was still available to the bacteria.

I did that a month ago.  I added the Ace Hardware Ammonia a week after that.
You know, without Lightning, there is no need for Square.  You can already store a wallet on your phone and just put up a QR code for someone to scan.  And there is a mobile version of Bitpay you can use.  As Bitcoin gets more vendor acceptance. Square and it's little credit card swipers become irrelevant.  I don't see what Square brings to the table for Bitcoin.  In the fiat world, Square adds value by allowing any device with an Internet connection to be a credit card terminal.  That's not needed in the Bitcoin world.
Yes.  Use Seachem Prime.

I've been seeding bacteria daily for almost 3 weeks.

My ammonia source is a few drop of Ace Hardware ammonia.  There is a heater.  Tank is as 80 degress.
There is nothing with saving a currency.  There is something wrong with saving all your currency and never spending it.  Even the rich don't leave leave huge piles of money around.  They buy stocks, bonds, houses, cars, and other investments.  Only a small part of their net worth is actual cash they have ready access to.
Used them both.  Ammonia is still 2 ppm.

The sad part is this has been a problem for quite a while now.  And no one seems to want to fix it.  People have been proposing solutions for YEARS and they've been ignored.  And the ones that are implemented are so ridiculously complicated to code for, that it takes forever to roll them out.

The best way to controls fees is through user adoption and spending.  The US dollar fluctuates on a daily basis.  But the 20 oz coke at my 7-11 is always $1.79.  That's because 7-11 get dollars from you to buy the coke.  They use your dollars to buy the coke from the company.  And the company uses dollars to buy their ingredients.  That's where we need to get to.  We need crypto inserted throughout the whole supply chain as payment options.

Once crypto becomes a true competing currency to fiat, then the price will stabilize.  How do you get there?  You make it easy to spend.  Something should have been done YEARS ago about the current fee and backlog issue.  People were talking about this being a problem as far back as 2015, and the only one that did anything about it was Gavin Andersen, and they basically outcoded him and forced his commit out.
Well, the headline that Square is implementing Bitcoin (and I hope to God other cryptos as well) and is investing is Lightning IS a positive headline.

Saying he loves Bitcoin is NOT positive news.  He'd better love if he plans to add it to Square.
> You have to realize that Bitcoin is fueled entirely on hype and confidence (no intrinsic value unlike shares, where you own part of a company), so if you undermine their hype efforts - speculators will understandably react negatively since they're always tethering on the edge of a crash/rally with their savings on the line potentially losing 99% of its value. Its value is tied to how much confidence/hype/interest in the "get rich quick crowd" it generates.

And therein lies the problem.  If Bitcoin was a currency before it was a store of value, then this problem would seriously be mitigated.  By turning it into an investment, this is now the new reality.

I think fees of cryptocurrencies other than Bitcoin are significantly lower than Visa/Mastercard fees are.  If consumers knew that, they'd probably be more interested in spending crypto instead of fiat.  But credit card fees are hidden from the consumer and only exposed to the merchant.  Same with Paypal fees.  So people don't have a clue.
RIP Inbox....

Good job!
I've seeded with ceramic noodles from an existing aquarium, squeezed a sponge from an existing filter, used a half a bottle of Seachem Stability and 2 days ago added half a bottle of Tetra Safe Start Plus.  This has all been done over the last 3+ weeks.  Ammonia has never gone down.
This is a quote an Internet person saying he likes Bitcoin.  This is NOT positive news.  Positive News is "Good News!  Steam has agreed to accept Bitcoin Again"  or "Lightning Network Adoption has renewed Bitcoin adoption" or "Segwit adoption has lowered fees and speed up transaction times!"

But we don't have any of those headlines.  Instead we have quotes from "celebrities" telling us they like Bitcoin.
Correct.
With???
And neither company is able to show a profit.  They exist solely on IPOs and venture capital funding.  I don't call that a success.
7
I have tested my tap water and it's ammonia free.

And if it's done cycling, I should see a rise in Nitrates.  I don't see that.  The 5 PPM is there from a water transfer from an established aquarium.
Cause Twitter has done great Internet moves in the past, so much so that we should care what they think.  That company has been on the verge of going under more than once.  It's lost $30 billion in value over the last 3 years.
You are seriously dense.  You deserve every downvote you get.
I send SPEND, not SELL.  You're doing it wrong.  I can't believe everyone has forgotten that you can spend Bitcoin on stuff.
That article is complete trash.
Whatever works for you.
This is probably because everyone saw that this is still beta and Lightning Labs official announcement not to use it.

Everytime you see any kind of initial announcement from Lightning Labs, assume we're 18 months away from a production deployment.  We've been 18 months away from a production deployment for a few years now, have we not?
Currency is meant to spent, not HODLed.  Go buy some stuff already.  The only way Bitcoin will be adopted by the masses is if it's spent on goods and services.  You keep HODLing, and some other coin is gonna win.
Spend Bitcoin!!!
As long as you feel you're being treated fairly.
My boss is EXTREMELY flexible with my work hours.  If I am on PTO, and I get a call about something, even if it's for an a 10 minute call, my PTO is now over (even though I am still out and about) and I get to re-use that day for another day.  If I need to take 2 hours to take a kid to the doctor, my boss is fine with that, and doesn't make me use PTO.  When thing are slow, he schedules "off-site" half day meetings in our calendar and tells us to kick back and relax, and just keep our phones on us.

So, when he asks me to be on-call over the weekend for something or other, I will happily agree to take the responsibility.

There are weeks where I have worked 60-80 hour weeks.  And other weeks where I have worked 20 hour weeks.  In the end it all balances out, at least for me.

We don't have a regular on-call routine for our team.  We're on-call on an on-demand basis.
Music is the key to this all.  I feel like a good chunk of this subreddit loves collecting gear more than it does listening to music on it.
My boss gives us comp time for on-call, since we're all salaried.
I WFH almost 100% of the time.  I love it.

My work hours are rather eclectic, because of the systems I support.  So there are days I may work 10:00 AM to 8:00 PM.  Other days may be 7:00 AM to 4:00 PM.

It allows me the flexibility to pick up my kids after school (half the time while on a conference call in my car), load the dishwasher at lunchtime, and it allows my boss to get more time out of me, since I login right after I drop the kids off at school (around 7:00 AM) and tend to stay on till my wife gets home (around 5:30 PM).

I probably go in the office once a month.  And when I do, it annoys the crap out of the people I support, because I'm less available.  I tend to arrive at the office at 8:00 AM and leave at 4:30 PM.

I don't have a desk in the office anyway.  We all have hoteling space now.  Grab the first desk available.
I have no issues answering the phone after hours.  It's part of the job description.

I have an issue with people expecting me to answer emails or texts after hours.  If I am asleep, there is no way a text is going to wake me up.

I remember being told that they're rolling out a new monitoring system and that if any system I am responsible for has an issue, I will get a text alert.  To which I replied "I am going to hear that, how at 3:00 AM while I am snoring?"

So, for a while I actually changed my text alert tone to be an insanely loud ringtone and left it on my desk.  After a few hours of annoying the crap out of me and everyone around me, I think they got my point.

We now use Xmatters, which blast calls me, so I get a cal on my cell and home phone, as well as email and text message.
Oh wow.  That's good to know.  But my tank is in the basement.  The tank is usually 10-14 degrees warmer than ambient room temperature.  I'm thinking you can just plasti-dip the probe.
So much cleaner than mine.  Nice work.

I was really annoyed when I got the STC-1000 and learned that it did not do Fahrenheit.  But then I said "F*** it!  I used to be a scientist.  I know Metric like the back of my hand."  Then I saw the metal probe and decided to do an Amazon return. 
You know, when you have much dirty laundry as Trump does, why the **** would you run for office and let all that stuff get out?

If I was billionaire, and married to a smoking hot former model, I'd buy an island somewhere, so I could watch her all day in a bikini and sit back, relax and enjoy life.
On this list of things that Trump did that makes him unfit for office, banging a porn star is pretty low on the list.
If you make a trip, PM me.  I'll Paypal or Bitcoin Cash some funds over.
The Evangelical Right will elect ANYONE over a Democract.
Having an affair is not an impeachable offense.  Keep going after the Russia connection.
I DESPISE Trump.  But I really don't see this as being as big a deal as it should be.  Bill Clinton made it acceptable to have an affair and still become president.
I have mine set to turn off at 78 and turn on at 77.

I use Firefox.
Do you have plans for the Pi solution or a link to a video?
I wonder how much I still remember  Would be cool to find a PalmPilot it.and try to use it.  I'm a big fan of using a think tip stylus.
Just got back from the doctor.  Nurse practitioner came in and asked me how I was doing.  Checked my BP and it was 120/80 and asked me how my blood sugar was while she was typing away on the keyboard.  I told her I took my blood sugar before I left for the office and it was 87.  She actually stopped typing and looked at me.  After a few seconds she said "If it drops below 70, make sure you eat something right away."  I told her I was in ketosis, I can handle under 70 if I have to.

Best part is, I'm on the lowest dose of Jardiance, 10 mg.  She thought she was just going to experiment with 10 mg to see how I tolerate it and then bump me to 25 mg.  I told her I just needed a little nudge.  The ketogenic diet is doing most of the work.

Though I am still waiting for the urinalysis in April that comes back with glucose AND ketones in the urine and I get an immediate call that I am in ketoacidosis and need to go to the ER right away before I die.  Then I can calmly respond that my fasting blood sugar is 80.  It's impossible for me to be in ketoacidosis.

Yep.  That's what it does.  Which is why I chose it.  Of course everyone will go bonkers the next time I have a urinalysis done and it shows ketones and glucose.
You can't edit titles!  It's not my fault!
It depends on what I eat.  Usually see it go up 5-10 points one hour post meal, and then slowly crawl down to below 100 prior to dinner.
I'm at a point now where I don't miss any of that food.  I was never a big pasta guy.  And I hate white rice.

My only cheat all year is Christmas Eve, where we have a traditional Ukrainian Christmas Eve meal with Pierogies.


I had been doing Atkins on and off since the late 90s, so I was very familiar with ketogenic eating.  Also helps that I am an ex-research biologist.

I was diagnosed with metabolic syndrome about 4 years ago.  I went into the hospital for another problem (diverticulitis) and my post meal bloodwork showed a blood sugar or 211.  I pretty much IMMEDIATELY went on keto.  The doctor put me on 2000 mg of regular metormin and it TORE ME UP.   I had diarrhea every day for a month.  The doctor told me to stop the medicine completely.  2 week later he called me and asked my blood sugar.  I told him it was 1 hour post lunch and my blood sugar was 134.  And he said "Maybe we can do this with just diet."

And I let it go.  I stayed on keto, but got lazy about it.  Ate way too much protein.  Probably was well above 20g of carbs, but def under 100.  Some days I did have cheats, just out of laziness instead of cravings.

All this lead to things getting worse without me really noticing.  Till I got a fungal infection in my nether regions.  Called the doctor for meds and he yelled at me for not seeing him in over a year.  He demanded blood work, a physical, etc.

That was on 1/2017.

So, a lot of this is self inflicted.  But at this point, I see no reason to mess with anything.  I may ask to cut back the metformin to 1000 mg.  I was on 1000mg for about 2 months and then bumped it to 2000 mg and saw no change in my blood glucose levels.  But the 2000 mg didn't upset my stomach (Metformin ER.  Regular metformin tears me up), and metformin seems to be the new hot drug in the anti-aging circuit, so I figure I might as well keep takling it.

On the plus side, since I got the blood sugar down with the jardiance+quercetin, I've lost a lot of wrinkles in my face that I had just 3 months ago (I'm 50.)

I'm not one to preach the keto gospel, but I really think every Type II diabetic should try keto for 3 months and see what happens.  I know that I will happily give up carbs if it means I get to keep my toes.
I have been doing Metformin+keto since 1/2017.

2000mg Metformin alone got my fasting blood sugar from 211 to about 180.  When I added Keto, it dropped it to 140-150.  Seems my liver is being incredibly stubborn.

But my A1C went from 11 to 6.5.  And my doctor called me and wanted to know what I was doing.  I said "Ketogenic diet" and he was just dead silent for about a minute.

But of course, nothing is ever good enough for the doctor.

I went to see the doctor and she was very insistent that I go on either a DPP4 inhibitor or GLP1.

I told the doctor that all those medicines will do is burn out my pancreas that much faster.  And insulin is the enemy of keto, so I won't take anything that will cause an increase in insulin production.  Keto took my blood sugar down almost 40 points.  If you take that away, I'll just need even more medicine.  So, I asked for Jardiance.

Jardiance didn't do all that much for me.

Then I remembered reading about Quercetin for diabetics.  Did a Google search and found two things of interests:

1. People that take Berberine (a natural metformin alternative), can combine it with quercetin to increase it's bio-availability.  So I added 1000mg of quercetin to my morning routine.  And by lunch time my blood sugar was 87.

2. There are a ton of upcoming studies they're recruiting patients for, for quercetin+metformin for use in Type 2 diabetics.

I have experimented with removing the Jardiance and just taking the Quercetin and my fasting blood sugar goes back up to 130-140 after 48 hours.  And removing the Quercetin has the same effect.  Fasting blood sugar back up to 130-140.  Eliminating the keto, but keeping all three drugs - fasting blood sugar of 180.

Si, I'll stay with this mix for now.  I'll happily shave off any medication she asks, but I will not stop the keto. 
Stack Exchange I actually find useful.
I just learned about the delay.

As for Pinterest, I don't get the point to it.  I made an account, but see 0 value in using it.
No marbled green or bronze at Jet Pens.
???

EDIT:  Oh now I see!  That's pretty funny.
Oh!  That's good to know!
And TBH, we didn't convince anyone.  A LOT of this has to do with Bitpay accepting BCH now.

Though I think it's funny that nzb.su has setup a Bitcoin Cash wallet and has a QR code on their website for payment.  But they do say that if you pay with BCH, it will take up to 12 hours to credit your account, because they need to manually verify.  But if you click on the Bitcoin option, it loads Bitpay and allows you to pay with BTC or BCH.
I can't buy Nitroflare Premium with BCH and they've disabled BTC because of high fees and confirmation times.

DogNZB won't accept BCH (or any other non BTC crypto), but there is no way to convert any other crypto to the Costa Rican Colón or the US Dollar anonymously.  Seems there is a way to do it for BTC.

The key word here is convert anonymously.  If anyone knows a way, let me know and I will pass along the info in their forums.
You could do a DE filtering.  I have an old Whisper Diatomagic filter I use for times like this.  I wish they still made the Diatomagic.  Such a cool filter.
Lawsuits against polluters without the government protecting the polluters is the right way to go.  BP shouldn't even exist now as a company.  But yet it does.  And Congress tried to pass a law capping the amount of money BP would owe.

And instead of allowing individuals to sue BP, instead the government fined them and took that money and established a fund.  You had to fill out an application with the government to get a sliver of money.  And when that money runs out, you're screwed if you need it.
Just took a fully seeded pot scrubber out of a canister filter on another aquarium and rubber banded it to the intake tube of the power filter around 5:00 PM last night.  This morning my ammonia is still 2 ppm and nitrites appear to still be 0 ppm.  I would think there should be at least a little bit of reduction in ammonia.
I know what they're doing wrong.

My point is that there are people that rely on charity of some kind to get through life.  And there will always be people like that.

I believe SOME people can use the existing welfare state to get out of poverty, I think more people can use private charity to greater advantage.

I do not believe that the end of the welfare state will magically allow the poor to all suddenly get jobs and become productive middle class members of society.


That's what Lightning Hubs are for.  They'll have plenty of liquidity fund channels.  And they'll come from names you trust!  Chase, TD, Citibank, Bank or America.
Don't worry. He was just planning a month ahead.
This headline is misleading.  It has almost nothing to do with Bitcoin.
Looks like that part of the article was removed.
Where in that article does it say that they scammed people?
You are correct!  Fixed!
No.  I made a post saying I met one man that is using "Libertarianism" to justify why he only has to care about Number One.
> You can let the poor starve and still be a Libertarian

I recognize that.  And I have no problem with that.  I just don't like this belief that if we got rid of the welfare state and government regulations that somehow the poor will be magically better off and be able to crawl out of poverty and suddenly the world will be a better place.

Life just doesn't work that way.  If you don't want to help, that's fine.  It's your right.  But don't pretend like the poor don't need help because they just don't have the same commitment to success that you do.

That's all I am saying.
> This is sort of how libertarians get the reputation of being assholes, though. The "charity is best because we can ignore people who aren't worthy" is pretty much a textbook example of authoritarian dickery.

I think people should free to choose the charities they support.  Personally, I would not support an animal charity while we have homeless people on the street.  And when people at work are collecting for the ASPCA or some animal shelter I am very frank and say "I'd rather give my money to a homeless veteran."

But, part of the philosophy is that I don't give a crap who YOU give money to.  I have no right to tell you who you donate your money to.

I just want people to realize that if we end the welfare state tomorrow, it's not magically make things better for the poor.  There will always be poor and there always have been poor.  Just realize people need help sometimes.  You don't HAVE to provide it.  Just recognize that not everyone capable of crawling out of poverty, as opposed to the attitude that "they're just lazy."
i agree with you.  When I say, "Call Chris" it should know that 99% of the time I call my wife Chris and not my friend Chris and just call her.

I do find it weird to say 'Siri, call wife."  And I NEVER call my wife Christine.  So, saying it to the phone is also weird.

You can give him any nickname you want, including his initials.  But that involves training yourself to use them.  You should be bale to train your device.
Nowhere in the article does it say they scammed people.  And if they actually scammed people, why did the government drop all charges in exchange for a cash payout to them?

If you have actual evidence they scammed people, please share.  I'm open to some reading.
Seriously?!  The government illegally seized the properly of thee people and then basically extorted money out of them just to go away, and you're don't give a shit because it's "rich people."

So, you think that rich people should not have legal protection from prosecution?  The rich just deserve to get f*cked over?

You're the worst kind of human being, because you're completely incapable of treating other people equally.
My wife's name is Chris.  I had to put her in as Christine in my phone to make sure it would stop trying to text my friend Chris.  I finally added the nickname Wife to her contact entry and now I say "Call Wife" or "Message Wife" and it works.

Try that with your boyfriend.  Add some unique nickname.
I'll need to record it and see.
I try to use Siri to send text messages to my kids, and I have just given up.  Half the time it gets the name wrong and it never sends exactly what I say.

I've switched to the Google keyboard because it's voice recognition is a lot better than Apple's.

And I was thinking about getting a CarPlay receiver for my car, but NONE of the apps I use work with CarPlay, and when I ask the vendors if they're planning to add CarPlay support they tell me it's hit and miss if Apple will approve the app, so they contacted Apple and asked them if they build a CarPlay app will Apple approve it, and they get not response.

Apple, what the hell happened to you?  You used to be THE BEST at everything.  The Mac blew everything out of the water for the first 25 years.  Now we have iPhones full of bugs, and laptops with, in my opinion, the worst keyboards in the industry.
You know I understand what he's trying to say.  And I can agree with it.  But he does such a poor job of wording it that I makes him out to be a complete asshole.
I think the point he was trying to make was that if you walked into Weinstein's office fully expecting to offer sex for career advancement, you don't get to be part of the #metoo movement.  You made a voluntary choice.  And that I can agree with.
They're at 7.
I was reading up on RBF and how it allows double spending on BTC.  I don't even understand how ANYONE thought RBF was a ~~bad~~ good idea.

I guess it was needed to help move along stuck transactions, but MAN, what a bad idea.
Should have pointed out that I have an intake sponge on the  Aqueon 30.  I would think that would be a good place for bacteria to "stick," unless the flow is still too high for that to happen.
Well, that depends on whether a merchant is willing to accept 0-conf.  Most merchants I know want at least 2 confirmations before they'll accept a transaction.

I just bought an EasyDNS membership.  Because I was a new customer, they required 3 confirmation before they accepted the transaction as paid.  Once I am an established customer, they only ask for 2.
I'm debating swapping it out for a sponge filter at this point.  It's Aqueon 30.  There is no place for me to turn down the flow that i can see.
Flat INCOME Tax.  Everyone has the same pulled out of their paycheck.  I don't know what corporate tax is like in this state.

And the converse true.  Companies pay municipal taxes, which are 90% school tax even through they don't have any children to send to school.  Is that fair?
I'll check it out.
Tank is empty.  Standard 10 gallon AGA Aquarium.
Water source is tap water treated with Prime.

The other tanks have been up for YEARS and were cycled a long time ago.  I cycled the other ones by leaving a HOB running for a month or two and just moving it.

The tank with the AC70, I was debating switching from a Cascade 1000 Canister to the AC70, but the 70 was just too noisy.  So I set up an Eheim 2215 and moved the pot scrubbers I had in the AC70 into the Eheim and broke down the AC70.  That tank has 0 ppm ammonia, 0 ppm nitrites and 30 ppm nitrates.

I could do a water change on one of my other tanks and put that water into the 10 gallon, once I drain it.
I worked a GroupWise to Outlook/Exchange migration once back in 2000.  It was my job to "walk the floor" and answer any questions people had.  Number one response from people was "What do you mean I can't do that any more?"

A LOT of people used to create a folder, change it's view to calendar and share it with as bunch of people.  That's how a lot of groups used to schedule things.
I tried to listen to the Big Finish Doctor Who stuff and I had trouble getting into it.  I think the problem is, it's not an audiobook, so you don't get narrative descrpitons.  It's just dialog.  So I get lost and confused.
Everyone should do what PA does.  We have a flat tax.  The only deduction is union dues, that I know of.  My tax form is half a page and every year I own nothing and never get a refund.  Dead simple.

Meanwhile, in NJ, tax laws are so complicated all my coworkers always use an accountant to do their taxes.
A hamburger is backed by the fact that you need to stay alive and it is food.  And it tastes good.

Operating System Software makes something you own function.  You can't use a computer without it.

As long as fees stay low and transaction times are quick, Bitcoin has value.  If we have a repeat of the last two years where transactions take DAYS to confirm, then it has no value.
God bless you my son.  You have suffered more than all the souls in purgatory.
You can run Domino on an AS400 and then only downtime you'll ever see if when you bounce the box to patch it.
We wanted to migrate from Access and put everything onto SQL Server.  We hired developers, project managers, DBAs.  Then we scanned the file servers and found over 15,000 access databases and cancelled the project.
You can store the ID file in the Domino Directory so end users don't need it.
Yeah, you keep thinking that.  Once you get SCCM rolled out, you'll wish you were back on Zenworks.

I speak form personal experience.
GroupWise kicked Notes' and Outlook's ass.  I loved that product.
Computer Associates?
We have a "cool down period" where the server stays powered on and no one accesses it.  They check logs.  If no one has logged in for at least 7 days, we turn it off and leave it racked for 30 days.  If no one bitches, in those 30 days we pull the drives and recycle the chasis.  The drives get DOD wiped and left on the shelf as spares in case of a RAID failure. 
We moved from Lotus Notes to Exchange, and, as an end user, I miss Notes.  I don't know how much of a nightmare the backend was.

The best Groupware suite I ever used was GroupWise.  Don't know my more people don't use it.
> What kind of product is facebook? 

Facebook is an advertising platform, plan and simple.  It used to convince people to buy goods.  That's why it has value.  It is no different than Television and Radio.
My grocery store sells lard in the refrigerated section in one pound tubs.  You've just reminded me that I ran out and need to buy more.

Plus you can buy beef tallow.  Stable at room temperature and also healthier than Crisco.

My preference for lipids is:

1. Beef Tallow
2. Lard
3. Coconut Oil
4. Olive Oil

Though olive oil is a gamble, since it's usually cut with rapeseed or some other seed oil.
I trust the system can't be compromised.  If I still can't spend it, then it has not value.  There is nothing backing Bitcoin other than ease of use.  And ease of use is now gone.  "Stores of value" are things that are backed by something:

1. Stocks and bonds have value because they are backed by companies that produce products and make a profit.
2. Precious metals, gems and jewels have value because they are scarce
3. Fiat has value because of a government with a military and guns telling you you need to use it
4. Bitcoin has value because ~~it's an easy way to send money to anyone around the world instantly with little to no cost.~~  ???
Bitcoin has been around for 9 years now.  By Internet standards it's ancient.
The tweet makes it sound like Lightning is live and we should all use it.  Meanwhile the release notes say the exact opposite.
Bitcoin is usable beta.  The release notes clearly state that this needs to be tested further.
They are NOT encouraging mainnet usage:

>Note that this release is intended for developers of future Lightning applications (Lapps) along with technical users and prospective routing node operators. In this early phase of Lightning, we’re focused on providing the software infrastructure (such as lnd!) necessary to bootstrap the network and serve as a platform for future applications, services, and businesses. As this is the first mainnet release of lnd, we recommend that users experiment with only small amounts (#craefulgang #craefulgang #craefulgang)!

I guess we can add another 18 months on, like we always have to.

I don't know about you, but I feel like sticking beta software on the mainnet is a bad idea.

Now we'll need to deal with the endless barrage of posts about how vendors needs to adopt Lightning now, and that's why fees are high.
Um...  This is still beta software.  Version is 0.4 beta.
Bitcoin literally has NO value as a store of value.  It is backed by NOTHING.  No government, no precious metal, no commodity.  It's actually worse than fiat.  At least fiat as a government backing it with a military to force you to use it.

The ONLY thing giving it value is the fact that it is a borderless peer-to-peer cash system that will let you send money instantly (well within 10 minutes) to ANYONE on the planet, regardless of sanctions, borders or anything that stands in the way, all without banks.  If that's gone, then Bitcoin has no value.
This time.  It's not the first time it's happened to me.
Core has always claimed they were not part of the New York Agreement or bound by it.

But they sure used it to their advantage.

The big issue was that the activation of Segregated Witness and a 2 MB block size should have happened simultaneously.

There are two big reasons Segwit was slow to adopt.

1. From conversations I had with developers, Segwit is difficult to code.  It's taking them a long time to get Segwit up an running because it's hard.  Hell even Core didn't add it to their GUI until 6 months after it was activated.

2. Segwit transactions are weighted less.  So, miners actually make less money from mining a Segwit vs traditional transaction.

And someone pointed out on another thread that a non-Segwit miner is unable to see any signatures in a Segwit transaction.  How exactly is this a soft fork?  It's a Soft Fork in name only.

It still kills me that they think Bitcoin Cash is a scam coin, but love Litecoin.  I think Litecoin is the definition of a scamcoin.  It was a clone of Bitcoin that changed the crypto and the block interval.  Why did it do that?  Not sure, since neither the crypto nor the block interval were a problem back them.  The one thing it did do was make a new Blockchain.  And you can become a billionaire pretty quickly if you're name is Charlie Lee and you're the first ever miner.  Heck look at Satoshi Nakamoto.  His net worth is around $8-$9 BILLION USD right now.

As far as I am concerned. Gavin Andersen supporting larger block size is as good as Nakamoto doing it himself.
I have no issue with downloading a client.  But the client is, for all intents and purposes, a web browser.  At least it looks just like one.  I like the idea.  I like that it takes more than one cryptocurrency.

I'm just curious what it's doing.  Is it routing through TOR perhaps to make things anonymous?  What protocol is it using?  TLS?
You know I'm all for healthy discussion.  I hope they realize that their censorship is what created BCH.

If I remember my history correctly, they took miners signalling 'NYA' as acceptance of Segwit, which was really their acceptance of Segwit 2X.  So they gave them the Segwit, but not the 2X.
Well, they implied that I was somehow doing it wrong and that's why my fees and transaction times were so high.

So, I apologize for the embellishment.
It's not back to 5 cents.

And with the bigger block I don't believe the fees would be just as high.  With a big block, miners that accept smaller fees can compete for transactions.
I need to download a client to use it?  No website?  What were they thinking?
I use Plex also.  I believe both products do the same thing.

I think the only difference with Subsonic is that, if you load your server with FLACs, you can stream the FLACs, whereas Plex will always transcode.  Now I'm not one of those guys that believes FLACs are superior (except for archiving), so my Subsonic server has all my songs in vbr m4a (AAC) format.

The one things I do get with Subsonic that Plex doesn't offer is ReplayGain support in my Subsonic client.  And with a mix of music from the 60s to present, I really need ReplayGain.  If you're listening to the original In Search of the Lost Chord by the Moody Blues and then your program shuffles to a Volbeat track, without ReplayGain, you'll blow your ears out.

But Subsonic costs $12/year.  If you're already paying for a Plexpass, you probably don't want yet another subscription...
> Lightning is a 2nd layer on top of Bitcoin. If it doesn't work it doesn't affect Bitcoin. 

If Lightning fails, Bitcoin fails as a currency.  That is blatantly obvious.  The ONLY thing keeping fees in check right now is low usage.  If people start USING Bitcoin again, fees will go up.

Your whole post is a huge wall of crap by the way.   You're basically saying that it's OK for crypto to take over the world, as long as that crypto is Bitcoin as defined by the Bitcoin reference client developed by Bitcoin Core.  If any other crypto wins, then we've lost.  Which is complete BS.

And what exactly is your beef with Dogecoin?  It exists.  It has value.  It may not be the crypto for you, but it's obviously the crypto for someone.  If, by some miracle it becomes the dominant coin, you'd better be ready to support it.
They did.  But you had to use Graffiti, which was a simplified form of cursive, and you had to write in the box on the bottom of the screen.  I used to have a Palm IIIx and later upgraded to a Palm Tungsten.  Out of all the PDAs that I have owned over the years (had a few Windows CE devices also), nothing beat the Newton.
I like the IDEA.  And that's the whole point here.  Bitcoin is an IDEA.  if you want to achieve this end goal, you need to look beyond Bitcoin and look at crypto in general.  If Lightning doesn't achieve what is expected, then the IDEA of Bitcoin is far more important that BTC itself.

If the goals you listed are better achieved with LTC, Ethereum, BCH, or even Dogecoin, the community needs to realize the support of the idea is more important than the support of the ticker symbol.

Support BTC all you want.  But keep up on what all the cryptos are doing as objectively as possible.  Keep the idea alive, no matter which coin the end users pick.
It was not in 2017.  That happened to me multiple times.  Why do you think I gave up on Bitcoin?  I couldn't spend it.
If you set up a Subsonic server in your house and a Subsonic client on your phone, you basically create a personal cloud and can stream FLACs (if you're one of those guys) to your phone and essentially have unlimited music far more than a DAP.  And you can cache anything you want to on your phone for offline listening.

It amazes me that people will spend an insane amount of money on a portable DAC/amp they rubber band to their phone and then deal with extra cables all over the place, when they could just buy a pair of headphones they can plug directly into their phone.  The iPhone has one of the best DAC/amp combos in a smartphone.  Use it, don'y bypass it.
That was the "recommended fee" by Blockchain.info, and even with a $10 fee, I still waited 10+ hours for a confirmation.
To each his/he own.  When I buy stuff with Paypal, I pay 0% fees.  If you were charged only $5.00 you were lucky.  I tried to renew a Nitroflare membership for $30 back in 2017 and paid $10 in fees and had to wait overnight to get just one confirmation.
How bad were the fees and confirmation times a few months ago?
Not to be a pain, but how long ago did you buy these?

EDIT:  Buying stuff on Bitcoin is a lot easier now that transaction volume is the lowest it's been in over a year.
> For Christ's sake, the idea that neutral and bright reveal more flaws in music isn't some kind of weird, controversial crackpot talk

I think you missed my point.  You said:

>There have been countless complaints over the years about the 650's veiled treble.

But every 650 review I find talks about how it has BETTER treble than the 600.
What did you buy recently, besides fiat?
I am a big believer in the "right tool for the job."  I would buy a pair of headphones that the iPhone can drive properly without an external DAC/Amp and leave the 660S for a proper desk setup.

A new pair of headphones would be cheaper than either of those DAPs.
This is how the original Newton worked.  You wrote on it in cursive or print and it would automagically convert it to text.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BKHelCE9QAg

I really miss my Newton.
Can't do IEMs.  They hurt my ears.
When fees were high, the "Store of Value" mantra was all that preached.  Running a tab, and using Litecoin were all discussed as an alternative.  I don't think Bitcoin has been a currency for quite a long time.
They're boycotting Microsoft?
Since I don't have a 600 to compare against.  I hopped on YouTube and found some comparison reviews of the HD600 and 650 and, your post of the opposite of pretty much everything I found.  650s supposedly have better soundstage, better treble, at the cost of vocal clarity and detail.
Webex is set in stone.
How do we get those?  None of the options we have show toll free numbers?

EDIT:  I'm going to guess that feature costs more.
:-)
he does his best thinking in the shower.
Yes, i can do that. But I am going to assume that's an audit concern of some kind.

And...  recording meetings is disabled.  And polls are currently disabled, though they said polls will be enabled in the future if you request it.  Response from users:  we don't need polls!  But we do need to record meetings!  When will that be enabled?  Answer:  Never.
I totally understand that Webex is  not a bad solution.  The issue is with our implementation.
> Webex has got its problems, but most of what you are describing is self inflicted.

I totally agree.  Webex was simply the wrong solution.

As is typical with how we roll things out, stuff like this (chat auditing) was discovered at a point where it was impossible to roll back to the existing solution, because the contract was probably already cancelled.  So, someone just said "Just disable chat and roll it out."

Another example here is our rollout of Intralinks Via.  Users have been screaming for a dropbox-like sync solution.  Our security and compliance team vetted and approved Intralinks VIA.  The place ate it up and and TONS of people signed up for accounts.  Then we got the bill and freaked out.  We chose to go with OneDrive for Business.  Signed the contract with Microsoft for O365 and built our Win10 image around it.

We made a decision that no one new is allowed to have Intralink VIA and they'll get OneDrive when they get Windows 10.

Then we found out that there is something with OneDrive for business that did not meet our security team's concern.  I think they wanted our corporate data on a dedicated server farm just for our company.  And that was a custom build that was going to cost a fortune.  So, after a 6 month delay, they made the decision to cut OneDrive out of the Windows 10 image.  So now, no one gets OneDrive OR Intralinks VIA.  We're all mapping share drives over VPN (which is throttled to some ungodly slow speed, 256K I think).

It amazes me that our architects and project managers still have jobs half the time.

Well, this might actually be useful.  They need to find the best way to hobble it before it rolls out to end users.
If they can't log everything done in it and be able to audit it, they won't touch it.
Oh I know it's not a Webex problem.  But when the powers that be realized that Webex chat can't be audited, they should have said "This isn't the right solution for us" and continued doing their homework.  It's not like we couldn't continue to just use Lync like we have for the last 5+ years.

What's even worse is, for billing reasons, that have things geographically isolated.  So, there different "domains" for each country.  Because of this, I can't delegate someone else as a presenter for my meeting.  So, I get the flu and want my coworker in England to be the presenter and take over my meeting.  I can't do that.  I can only pick another American, because, for all intents and purposes, they're not part of corporation, because they're on a different server farm.
You have no idea.  When we had company issued Blackberries, they disabled texting, BBM, and every email sent on the device was bbc:ed to some email address and collected.

I think the issue is that Webex is external.  When we were using internal Lync, only people on the corporate network were able to join the meeting.  Now that we're on Webex, we can invite anyone.  So I could potentially leak information that way.

Even our internal Lync servers block pictures and file transfers.  And if I send someone a URL, I get a bot that pings me right away telling me I have violated company policy.

Meanwhile, we run a Hipchat server that I can log into and do anything on.  I can send files, image, URLs.  All the stuff that's blocked on Lync.

EDIT:  I used to be a Cub Scout leader.  One of my parents worked in a company that required you leave all communication devices (cell phones, pagers, PDAs, tablets, Jetpacks/mifis) in your car when you arrived at work.
We were told meetings are capped at 25 people.  People are getting worked because:

1. No chat
2. No toll free dial in number

The no chat is a HUGE deal to everyone.
I'll need to borrow some HD600s and give it a try.
I just got HD6xx. They are also forgiving. 
OK, tried more.  Volbeat.  Great on headphones.  Not good on speakers.
I give up.
What amp did you pair yours with?
Initial impressions added:

https://www.reddit.com/r/headphones/comments/846owl/they_are_here/dvngrt6/
Initial impressions:

1. Clamping force is tighter than I expected.  I stretched the headband out and it's much better.
2. Bass is at a level I like it.  Not too much and not too little.
3. Vocals sound amazing, if they're recorded well.
4. Electric guitar sound amazing.
5. As expected, crappy recording sound even worse with these things.  And well done recordings sound amazing.  Africa by Toto blew me away.  Catch Me Now I'm Falling by The Kinks gave me chills.....
6. Amping definitely required.  Using an Objective 2 and am very happy with the sound level.  I have a Magni 7 Uber in the drawer I may try and see how they sound with that.  But in general, I prefer the O2 to the M2U.
8.  I like them better than my Fidelio X2s
9. Since I am not all that great with reviews, I'll simply wrap it up here.  There are dozens of other threads that will be able to sum up better how these things sound.
I have a pair of Jamo 103s and some Polk Audio towers.

The ones that come to mind right now are Peak Hour (Days of Future Passed) by The Moody Blues.  Original CD release sounds good.  2006/2007 remaster sounds like crap.  You from a DR of 12 to 8.

I wonder if the fact that I am using ReplayGain has anything to do with it...

I think the highest DR album I own is Toto IV with the song Africa having a DR of 17.  That song sounds amazing on everything.

To Toto's credit, they have not allowed any of their albums to be remastered.  But, sadly, their latest release, Toto XIV is a loudness wars victim with a DR of 6.
Massdop has the Objective2 for $95 right now.
I went from cassette Walkman to iPod.  I really miss my iPod 5.5g
I think everyone would be far more OK with Webex if chat was enabled.  But without chat, most people consider this solution worthless.
Catch Me Now I'm Falling (The new US National Anthem, in my opinion.  :-) ) sounds amazing on these headphones.
Ok, now that I have moved into late 70s, early 80s Kinks.... Holy Crap!  These things sound pretty awesome.  Vocal clarity is really amazing.  Just enough bass.  I'm going to have a busy evening listening to a ton of different music.

Amping with an O2, if you're curious.
Enterprise IT.  Make it as difficult as possible to get your job done, one decision at a time.
I really don't want to give impression till I have used them for a few days.  Right now I am cranking The Kinks on them, and I can hear how poorly some of the other stuff from the late 60s/early 70s was recorded.
What a way to kill my buzz...
What sucks is the Webex install they packaged REMOVED the Lync plugin from Outlook!!!
I'm annoyed now.  Can't open the box till I get some stuff done for work.
That's what they're publicly saying.  Internally they're allocating funds overseas to expand a production facility somewhere else.
No, not me.

But I have yet to find a single person that doesn't want their Verizon conference line back.  I expect almost zero end user adoption of this solution.
https://www.tennessean.com/story/news/2018/03/02/electrolux-tennessee-springfield-plant-trump-tariff-aluminum-steel/391059002/
I had my first Webex meeting today, and it's too much.  I need maybe 1/10 the features that it offers.

The UI is needlessly complicated.  And the fact that they chose to disable chat is just a deal breaker for everyone.
Well, as the person getting the goods made, you check the paint on your product for lead.  If you find it, then you refuse shipment.

Lead paint in incredibly durable.  That's why it used to be so popular.
Everything has a price.  You want humane work conditions that costs more.
See a link I posted further down in the thread.
Depends.  If it's a Chinese company with Chinese manufacturing yes.

But if it's a US company that is having their designs made in China, they're given a price per unit based on tolerances and failure rate, and quality of raw materials used.

The company can pick how good they want a product to be.
HODLing is more important than your future.  Don't you know that.
https://www.tennessean.com/story/news/2018/03/02/electrolux-tennessee-springfield-plant-trump-tariff-aluminum-steel/391059002/

Not so fun anymore is it?
China can produce exceptionally well made goods.  But you need to pay for the QC.  Most companies are not willing to do that.  That's why we get "inferior goods" from China.  It's not the fact that it's made in China.  It's the fact that companies aren't willing to spend the money it takes to build a quality product.
My friend's company JUST did this.  The scrapped a plan to build a factory in North Carolina and are building it overseas now.
>And I'm one of those people who insists that there is a difference between FLAC and MP3 ;)

There is a difference.  Flac is more than twice the file size.  :-)
I'm quite shocked I have not been banned yet.
I found the issue.  Some had installed the JP-Markdown plugin.  The two were conflicting.
Working with Linux makes the IT soul happy.

I feel my job is much more rewarding personally since we moved the stuff I support from Windows servers to Linux servers.

Now if I can only get around the insane amount of paperwork and bureaucracy this place has...
I miss Scrubs.
If you think that MQA adds value to your listening experience, then it's worth the money for you.

Personally, I don't want MQAs patents inserted into the recording process.  It should die a horrible death.

And MQA is LOSSY.  All these placebophiles talking about how MQA "changes everything" are the same idiots that claim they can tell a difference between a FLAC and an MP3 100% of the time, anywhere, with any gear.

But back to your point.  Yes, it would be cool if these remasters (or maybe they're remixes too) were available in non-MQA format.  I think there may be more to MQA than just the remix/remaster.  I'm pretty sure their equipment is doing some EQing and DSP processing also to the final product.
Those remasters could just as easily be released in FLAC or MP3/M4A format.  And they' cost a lot less, because there are no patents on stereo.
Thank you!
> Actually, Bitcoin ABC would just be one of many implementations

Could you list some of the other implementations.  I've only ever heard of Bitcoin ABC.
Wendy's didn't sue for Wendys.com.  They sued a domain squatter for registering Wendys.org, wendysrestaurant.com, wendysrestaurant.com and WendysIntlInc.com back in 1999.  The domain squatter actually contacted Wendy's after registering the names and offered to sell them to Wendy's for exorbitant prices.

https://www.deseretnews.com/article/717312/Wendys-sues-Dallas-company-over-Web-site-names.html

http://amarillo.com/stories/091199/usn_LD0666.001.shtml


MQA.  Lossy compressed music that the audiophile press has convinced you somehow manages to sound even better than lossless music.

MQA is an attempt by Meridian to inset their patented IP into the music recording process.

The only reason why MQA sounds different is because you need MQA mastering equipment to make an MQA master.  So, it's not like you take an existing master and just save it as an MQA file.  You need to create a whole new remaster.
Free YouTube Red!  GPM is the way to go if you have YouTube obsessed teens in the house.
If you really want to get picky, the "real" office is Microsoft Office.  LibreOffice and OpenOffice are two other products each with it's own name.  No one calls LibreOffice, Openoffice or vice versa.  They call them by the names the developers picked when they forked.

OpenOffice is the more recognizable brand name and is effectively dead at this point.  Yet, no one is suggesting that LibreOffice rename itself OpenOffice.
Isn't that what I just said.  Just leave it as Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash.  Let the free market (End users) decide which coin they want to buy and transact in for day to day purchases.
I think leaving it as Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash is more than acceptable.  The developers of BCH have chosen the name Bitcoin Cash for their cryptocurrency.  I'm fine with that.  Knock of the bcash bullshit already.

But at the same time, this does not give Bitcoin Cash supporters the right to rename Bitcoin to something else such as Bitcoin Core, or SegwitCoin, or Bcore.  That's the kind of petty bullshit core trolls behave in.  Be better than that.
/r/bitcoin and /r/btc.

I'm a big believer than Bitcoin Cash is the right approach to scaling Bitcoin, but I am REALLY getting sick of the "Bitcoin Cash is the real Bitcoin!" sentiment.

There are two Bitcoins now, with the same genesis block, but different scaling solutions.  Let the market decide which solution is best.
I just had this discussion on another sub.  Bitcoin Core is an implementation of the Bitcoin protocol.  If one side says Bitcoin Core, the other side would need to say Bitcoin ABC to be accurate.  I think what they say is perfectly fine.
So now Microosft will be on the subs BAN list.  I can see the headline now.

"That's it!  I'm done with XBox!  #PS4EVER!!!"
I have interest.  If the Core Rulebook PDF is $10 (like the current core rulebook), then I'll grab a copy.
That was one of the problems with D&D 4th edition.  Did we need 3 Player's Handbooks?

And Pathfinder has the Advanced Plyer's Guide, and the Race Guide and who knows what else.

I think at some point, you just reach market saturation and start cranking out new rulebooks to maintain a revenue stream from your existing userbase.

I think it's inevitable with any rules system.  WoTC has done a half decent job of cutting down on "Rules creep," but I think they'll get there eventually.

If you want to keep making money, you either need to release a new edition or keep cranking out new supplements.

Role playing games, unlike card games, do not have planned obsolescence built into them.

I wonder how much the 2e announcement is going to hurt existing sales?  Would you spend $50 on a core rulebook when you know it's being replaced soon?
This FAQ may be helpful till someone can summarize:

http://paizo.com/pathfinderplaytest/faq
So do I.  Pathfinder players love their game.  And I don't fault them.  Having options is always good.

But I do understand the players that are complaining that they spent hundreds and hundreds on books and are annoyed they're going to have to start all over again.

I just hope Paizo can keep supplements to a manageable level.  Do we really need 6 Beastiaries?
Microsoft Knowledgebase - Technically accurate, but totally useless.
Dude!  You Rock!
They told me it was not a glitch, but a conscious decision.
The two weeks explains it!  Congrats on the will power!

It gets a LOT easier the longer you're on the diet.  And then the one time you do cheat and you feel like complete crap afterwards, it's even more incentive not to do it again.

KCKO!
I've gotten to a point now where those kinds of treats don't even phase me any more.  If the craving is too much, then next time stop at a 7-Eleven for snacks,  Let them get what they want and buy a Quest bar.

But seriously, I am at a point now where I can walk into a Dairy Queen and have my wife and 2 kids each order a massive Dairy Queen Sunday.  I usually go next door and grab a diet Coke and bring it in and sit next to them.

It's amazing how, the longer you stay on the diet, the less you care about carbs.
That I can understand.  But Bitcoin is just as semi-anomymous as Bitcoin Cash is.  Why take one for first transaction and not the other.
I really don't understand why they won't take BCH up front.  If they accept Bitcoin, why not accept Bitcoin Cash?
It may be, but their support said that it was intentional and they would need to escalate my concerns to "upper management."

>it's not so bad as a niche tool for payment, similar to LN.

Good to see he realizes that LN is a niche tool.  :-P
I misread your comment.  And Bitcoin Cash does not Belong to Roger Ver.  He's probably it's biggest supporter.  But then he was Bitcon's biggest supporter back when the vision was take of the world.

Frankly, I don't see how Bitcoin, with it's upcoming design can do that.
You didn't answer my question.  Why does it need to sink.
Ver and Trump are different beasts.

We'll see what the landscape looks like in a few years  I'm sure both coins will be there and we'll all learn if on-chain scaling or off-chain scaling will work better.
And why does it need to sink?
Roger has been in the game much longer than I have.  I understand why he's bitter.  Transaction fees and times were OUTRAGEOUS.
I can't get easydns.com to take Bitcoin cash.  Their support told me that only SOME of their services can be paid for with Bitcoin Cash.  But, right now I cannot get ANY of their services to accept Bitcoin Cash.  I'm currently having a bit of battle with their tech support.  I'm a bit disappointed.
I do NOT criticize everything he stands for.  I agree with him that on-chain scaling is better, and then everyone agreed that on-chain scaling was better up until a few years ago.

I agree with the fork

I agree that a second layer solution, as opposed to a block size increase is a bad idea.

I don't agree with referring to Bitcoin Cash as Bitcoin.

I think that's the only thing he's getting wrong.

May best coin win.  We don't need trolls.  We don't need censorship and screaming.  We don't need vitriol and takedown notices being sent to social media networks.

We need geeks on keyboards coding both solutions and then we just back and let the market decide.
I'm trying to pay for service now and I do not see a Bitcoin Cash option. WTF?
I think it's funny that if you go back in time 2 years, Rog Ver would be praised for but Bitcoin evangelization.  Now he's a pariah to that community.

Kinda like they DESPISED Coinbase for rolling out BCH, but now Coinbase is OK again, because they deployed Segwit.

They take the "You're either with is or against us!" to an extreme I don't ever want to get to.

I don't despise Bitcoin and hope to God they are going to fail, like some BCH supporters do.  But I believe the path they chose is doomed to failure.  But I hope it works out for them in some way.  Cause, if BTC goes down, they'll take down all of crypto with it.  I just hope by the time Ligtning gets here, BTC will be less important and other cryptos will fill the void left behind.
I do not have proof.  But it does make sense.  And it would have been a very smart thing for him to do back when he was evangelizing Bitcoin to the world.
My bad.  I had assumed if Roger was smart enough to register bitcoin.com, he would have nabbed @Bitcoin too.  Good to know!  Thanks!

Roger owns bitcoin.com and @Bitcoin on Twitter.  That's what I have been told in the past.
Well, the account is NOT compromised.  That's a completely false statement.  The account belongs to Roger Ver and and always has.  He's allowed to do what he wants with it.  That's called Freedom of Speech and is Constitutionally protected in the US.

And he didn't ban you.  Be blocked you.  Roger Ver doesn't have the power to ban anyone from Twitter.

Everyone seems to forget that before Blockstream came along, Rover Ver was a Bitcoin hero.  He made a lot of money off BTC and evangelized it every chance he got.  There's a reason he got the nickname "Bitcoin Jesus."

But Bitcoin went in a direction that Ver did not like.  He went his own separate way.  That happens.  We live in a capitalist free market, not a dictatorship.

My only complaint with Ver is that he needs to stop calling Bitcoin Cash, Bitcoin.  It's not.  At some point it may displace Bitcoin.  But even when it does that, it will not be Bitcoin.
The Solo2 is an interesting beast.  It's far the best Beats.  But I find it's bass a tad overpowering depending on song.  if I listen to something that has a LOT of bass in it, like some EDM music, the bass is just too much for me.  If I listen to music with less bass in it, I like it.  i think classic rock sounds very good on them.

I let my kids use them, because, I work from home these days, so open backs rule.  And now we can't find them...

If I need to use a closed back, I usually use my Sennheiser Amperiors.
Just the Qualcomm patents alone won't let them do that.
AND they used Fedex Smartpost.  So, they shipped the headphones on Thursday.  If they had used UPS Ground, I would have gotten them on Friday.  But instead they went from Edison, NJ to to Breinigsville. PA, which is 90 minutes from my house.  And they're not schedule for delivery till Wednesday now.  At least they didn't go to Baltimore this time.

WTF Smartpost?  Smartpost better be super cheap to ship.  Cause taking one week to ship a product 50 miles from Edison, NJ to my front door seems like a long time.
Your point?
March 28th, I believe.
Does EasyDNS do dynamic DNS?  Which of their services support it?
You seriously need to get a life.  The only thing that is compromised is your thinking.  Go outside and get some fresh air.
> Seriously, their methods for trying to grow are f**ed! I could look past the logo being almost identical if it ended there, but everything coming out of the ~~BCash~~ Bitcoin Cash community tells me they're hell bent on stealing the legacy of bitcoin at any means necessary, rather than just focusing on making a excellent product.

I think they take things a bit too far when it comes to propaganda sometimes.  Do I think Bitcoin Cash is closer to the Whitepaper?  Yes.  Do I think Lightning is a complicated disaster?  Yes.  But I think the BCH side of things needs to focus on improving the product and not hijacking the brand.  Instead of constantly saying "Bitcoin Cash is the real Bitcoin" it would be much better if they said something like "Bitcoin Cash - Taking Bitcoin Back To It's Roots" or "Bitcoin Cash - On Chain Scaling and Retail Adoption."

Bitcoin's recognition as a brand name is huge.  Hijacking that will just never work.  Focus on technical superiority.  Admit you're a fork of the original product with a different mission from Bitcoin and move on with your day.

I get where Ver is coming from.  He spent a LOT of time evangelizing the Bitcoin brand.  And he wanted it to take over the world.  He wanted adoption in third world countries, and small mom and pop businesses to be able to do transactions off their phone without a bank.

At some point that vision was lost by the core developers.  The fee problem was outsourced to Lightning, rather than fixed by Core and rhetoric started about Bitcoin being a "store of value" and not a day to day currency.

His dreams were crushed when Segwit 2X failed and he moved to the on chain scaling solution that he wanted.

Which he's allowed to do.  But coincidentally, he happened to own bitcoin.com and the @bitcoin twitter account.  Roger Ver was Bitcoin's biggest fan at one time.

I think, to the people that scream "Bitcoin Cash is the real Bitcoin," Bitcoin is more an idea than a product.  And I get that argument, but I disagree with it.

I fully expect Lightning to be a huge hot mess.  But at the same time I really hope it isn't.  I wish them all the luck in the world and I hope Lightning works out.
A completely valid point.  I have always argued that one coin is Bitcoin and the other is Bitcoin Cash.  Call it what the developers intended or don't bother talking about.  I don't like the fact the Ver calls it Bitcoin Core or "the real Bitcoin."

He's fighting a losing public opinion battle here.  Spend your time and effort to make BCH better than BTC and then the market will decide the best coin.
No we don't. 
I'm OK with that.
>If they wanna call Bitcoin Bitcoin core, They need to call their own shitcoin Bitcoin ABC (which is the dominant and standard setting implementation for ~~Bcash~~ Bitcoin Cash. Same as Core for Bitcoin).

I'm OK with that.
You seem to be.  Since you're so upset @Bitcoin is shilling an altcoin.
Well, perhaps someone should have snagged that Twitter handle before he did.  Obviously that didn't happen.

If you were worried the account would promote something else, then perhaps you should have listened to him earlier.
Roger Ver has owned @Bitcoin for years.  It's not compromised.  Stop with the Goddamn FUD already.  That account evangelized BTC until Segwit 2X was killed.

Ver announced to the whole world that if Segwit 2X didn't go through, he would use his resources to back BCH instead.  And he did what he promised.

You may not like it, but you were most definitely warned it was gonna happen.
You know, I like Roger Ver.  And I have no issue with Bitcoin Cash.  But if they're going to call Bitcoin, Bitcoin Core, they need to call Bitcoin Cash, Bitcoin Cash.

Bitcoin Cash is Bitcoin in idea, but not Bitcoin in name.  That name is already taken.  I get that they believe that the Bitcoin name was "hijacked" and morphed into something they don't think fits with the "Bitcoin vision."  But saying stuff like "Bitcoin Cash is the real Bitcoin" is just silly.
Um, that's not a fake Bitcoin account.  That's the actual @Bitcoin Twitter account.  Has been for years.  The fact that he didn't take the post down speaks volumes for the difference between communities.
He has an unreleased album called My Red Book.  If you Google it, you can find a web page with a download link.
Lights Out is such an awesome song.

He has an unreleased album called My Red Book that Lights Out is on.  If you Google it, you can find a web page with a download link.
It is possible.  But they're not communicating that.  If they were a little more open about their digital strategy, things would  probably be smoothed over with the community a little more.
> It's also remotely possible that partnering with every shop where people might buy D&D products to get them to train their minimum wage staff to put little stickers on your book isn't a realistic solution that's easy to do.

Which is funny because those same shops are already doing it for other games they sell.

Evil Hat, the makers of Fate, will give you the PDF if you just scan in the receipt and send it to them.

https://www.evilhat.com/home/pdf-guarantee/

The Bits and Mortal coalition has a solution for this:

http://www.bits-and-mortar.com/

Lots of game publishers have joined and offer PDF downloads for free from Brick and Mortar purchases:

http://www.bits-and-mortar.com/who-are-we/


Exactly.  I REALLY want digital rulebooks.  My only choice was D&D Beyond, so I bought the Player's Handbook to see how their digital rulebook was.  And I was kinda disappointed that, at the time, there was no offline access and that the books cost too much.

Then D&D Reader was announced, and I immediately thought I had made a bad purchasing decision, since this was obviously going to be an outlet for official digital rulebooks.

So I have been kind of patiently waiting for D&D Reader to come out and see where I should buy my digital rulebooks.

There is a thread on the D&D Beyond forums discussing this.  Curse would neither deny or confirm they were behind D&D Reader.  So I just posted to the thread asking whatever happened to D&D Reader.  The mods replied saying that I should let the dead rest and locked the thread.

This wasn't complete vaporware.  There were pictures of this app running on tablets.  So, there was at least money spent to get to some sort of alpha stage.

I would really like an official announcement from WoTC saying this is dead and the official digital rulebooks are available on DDB.

What really irks me now is that I discovered that you can buy a "compendium content" version of the rulebook for only $19.99.  This basically gives you access to the rulebooks without any of the DDB integration.  And that is EXACTLY what I want.  I don't like the $20 price point, since I already own hardbacks, but I was willing to experiment with one rulebook.  So I spent $20 and bought the Monster Manual....

And the app didn't support it.  The app only supports full rulebooks.  They say Compendium Content will be available in a future release of the app.  The only thing the app does now, is let you look at rulebooks.  NO other DDB feature is available.  You'd think they could have added Compendium Content to the app, since people buying that are looking for just digital rulebooks.

I'm trying very hard to support D&D 5e and not just download the readily available scanned PDFS that can be found in seconds.  And they're really making very hard for me to do so.
Stores like Gamestop are able to print codes right on your receipt when you buy something.  This could be done and it being done every day with other products.  Local mom and pop stores could do stickers and big box stores could print on the receipt.

This is a correctable problem.  They have to actually want to correct it.
You can have a list of codes at the register.  Someone buys a book, you peel off a sticker and put inside the book after the person pays.  There are ways to solve this that are not that difficult.
Logistically that's far more complicated.  But offering the print book + at least one digital offering in a bundle would be cool.

Some publishers offer a code in the book to unlock the PDF.  No reason they couldn't do the same thing.  You take your book, create a WoTC account and register your book.  Then on the website you're given unlock codes for Fantasy Grounds or Roll20 or D&D Beyond.

I'm sure all those services have a way to enter a coupon code.
You are correct.  It does not stop it from functioning the way I want.  I'm merely pointing out that, at the time of D&D Reader's announcement it was made very clear that this product WAS NOT part of D&D Beyond nor developed by Curse.

I'm sure Curse raised a HUGE STINK about this, which they should have.  I think it was stupid of WoTC to add yet ANOTHER digital offering.  Perhaps they were frustrated with Curse's lack of a tablet/phone app.  Who knows what warped logic was behind D&D Reader.

My biggest issue with D&D Beyond is pricing.  The digital books are the same price as the hardcovers.  And someone pointed out today that you can buy "compendium only" versions of the books for $19.99, which are just eBooks with no integration into the rest of D&D Beyond, which is what I wanted.  So, I dropped $20 on the Monster Manual (even though I dropped $30 on it already in hardback) and was dismayed to learn that "Compendium Only" versions of the books are not available for offline viewing in the phone/tablet app.  Even that $20 I paid was too much.

WoTC seriously needs to take the bull by the horns and roll their own digital offering rather than outsource it to somebody like Curse.  There is just no way for them to offer a bundle discount this way.

Curse spent a good deal if time and effort converting the Player's Handbook to HTML and want to make a profit off their effort.  And they deserve to.  But this will also lead to a lack of print+digital bundles.

What I think game publishers need to do is full on embrace digital.  PDFs are great and all, but they're basically taking a print book and then just making a digital version of it.  There is little to no effort to do so.  You simply go under File->Export and save as a PDF.  I would like game makers to go the other way around and design a digital offering and then figure out a way to make a print book out of it.

I REALLY like what D&D Beyond did with the rulebooks.  I bought the Player's Handbook for $20 the day it was released and jus installed the beta app in my tablet yesterday and download the digital PHB into it.

It's a joy to use.  You can change the font size.  You can change the line spacing.  You can change the style from white background and black text, to parchment background with brown text to black background with white text.  And each section is it's own page.  So, you go to sorcerer, you just scroll down to keep reading about the sorcerer.  You swipe right and you're on the Warlock page and left you're on the Rogue page.  So much better than a PDF.

But of course it's locked in a proprietary format.  So, if Curse or D&D Beyond go bye-bye, so do my books.  That's the one big plus a PDF has over this.  It's  platform agnostic.  Of course if they made the rulebook an ePub3, you'd get the best of both worlds.

But that would make too much sense for WoTC.
Plenty of publishers offer a print+pdf bundle.  It's not that hard to do.
They are.  And for reading a good ePub, they're perfect.

But if you want to read things like comics, technical documents, PDFs of role playing game rule books, or PDFs of textbooks, a 10" or even a 12" is preferred.
Perhaps.  That's all I use D&D Beyond for right now.  And that's all I ever wanted.  Now if they could find a way to allow us hardback copy owners to buy a copy at a discount that would be awesome.

It bugs me that WoTC wants you to buy your books over and over again on D&D Beyond, and then Fantasy Grounds and then Roll20.  Sell it to me once and let me use it wherever I want to.  Why is this so hard to figure out?
In it's current beta version, yes.  But they plan to add other features to it to make use of the entire D&D Beyond toolset.
I prefer a 10" tablet for reading.  Especially PDFs.
I think there is a limit to the number of characters you can store in the character builder without a subscription.
And here we are 6 months later with the app nowhere to be seen.
I have the beta D&D Beyond app installed and the PHB loaded in it.  It's quite nice.  But they were pretty clear that D&D Reader was not D&D Beyond.
D&D Reader and D&D Beyond are supposed to be two different products.  They were pretty clear on that.
I use my tablet daily.  I pick it pretty much every time over my phone.

MY device preference is laptop->tablet->phone.
Just looked it up.  Master tier does not include rule books.  Only allows you to share them with your group.

Right now, the only thing the app supports is the digital versions of the rule books.  There is no character creator.  No access to homebrew, or any of the other subscription features.
Does the master tier include the rule books?
Seriously?  No Pixel C?  You know that is your current tablet, right?

EDIT:  I stand corrected.  The Pixel C is gone from the Google Store.  Looks like Google has given up on Android Tablets and want you to use a Chromebook instead.
>You are assuming the worst possible scenario and then base the entire conversation off that.

Not really.  The way people talk up Lightning, you're going to want to stay off chain forever, because it will be so fast, and you'll be able to do everything on Lightning, even exchange one crypto for another and even cash out to fiat.

You and I both know that's probably not going to happen.  But die hard Lightning supporters are making it sound like you'll be on Lightning 99% of the time, and only dip your toes in the Blockchain once in a blue moon, or when you have to add funds to your channel.
There are plenty of apps that let you create characters and keep a digital character sheet.  DDB just provides cool hotlinks to spells and equipment, which other apps provide, assuming you install some third party imports.
$100 in transaction fees is outrageous.  It's cheaper to use a bank.

>it's not either-or

It kind of is.  It's a question of where your money is tied up.  If 90% if your funds are in a Lightning channel, then you're not buying anything on-chain unless you settle the channel and get your money back into your wallet.
Regular price Amazon is $30.  Digital should be cheaper than physical.  Do I need to wait till Cyber Monday to buy my books?

We really need a "I own the hardback" discount.
That does sound nice.  But it's not $30 nice.  Especially when I already own the hardcover.

They need to figure out the "I bought the hardcover, I want the digital," problem.  I'd probably happily drop $10 to buy the books in addition to the hardcover.  But that's my limit.  I'm not willing to drop $30 on something that's locked up in a proprietary format that could go away very quickly.
Well, depending on what you're buying, you will probably be forced to use one. unless you find a fully funded channel for a big ticket item.

If you wanted to buy a used car from someone for say, ₿1, are you going to be able to find a route through Lightning without using a hub that will be fully funded with ₿1 on every hop, and pay a fee for each hop you have to take to get there?
Two words for you:  Lightning Hub.

That's where the real Bitcoin banks will be.
How much do they charge you for shipping to Puerto Rico?
There really should be ZERO restrictions on who and who cannot provide Internet access to you.
It's always nice to get errata incorporated into the existing book by downloading a new PDF.
Let me see if Explorer's Edition is available on RPGnow.

EDIT:  I think this will make less of a difference with PDFs on RPGnow, since they get updated with errata.
I used to run Rockbox on a Sansa e280 and was quite happy with it.

That thing is way to expensive.
I found that mod.  A complete waste of time.  Just buy a line out cable and be done with it.
Pathfinder was created so Paizo could continue to sell their vast array of d20 products.  With 4e out, the supply of 3.5e rulebooks was going to dry up, and a lot of people are not going to buy things for a "dead system."  Pathfinder was a genius self-preservation effort on Paizo's part.  And the fact that 4e was so poorly received just helped to sell Pathfinder rulebooks.

I keep hearing that any d20 system tends to fall apart at higher levels.  Is that true?
I kind of feel this is the wrong direction.  Instead of making Pathfinder 2.0, so soon after the release of Starfinder, they should have made a generic game system and made Pathfinder and Starfinder source books for it.  Turn their d20 variant into something generic you can layer and genre you want on top of it.

I don't feel my post violates Rule #8.  I'm trying to foster a discussion about albums that are great from start to finish.  I'm not asking about a music genre or a recommendation for myself.
What is the "audiophile mod?"  Never heard of that one.

I have my entire library in AAC and FLAC format.  I'm good with just loading AAC on the thing.
I've noticed that the "targeted userbase" (placebophiles and audiofools) is willing to put up with a lot of crap they should not have to.

I will admit the reliance on iTunes to get your music over was a complete PITA.  I had a 5th generation iPod video and moved away from it to try and get simple drag and drop support by using a wide range of different other DAPs, and the UI and scroll wheel of the iPod always dragged me back.

The iPod supported MP3, AAC, Audible and Apple Lossless.  That was good enough for me.  I had no plans to stick a bunch of lossless files on a portable music player.

I really regret selling my iPod.  I wish I had kept it and modded it to take SD cards.
I'm in no rush. If the smell goes away in 48 hours, I can bring it into the house at let it finish curing at room temperature.
I think you're right.  When they use DHL Global, the stuff gets turned over to USPS in Baltimore, which is odd, because Philadelphia is the big hub post office for the area of the country.

I think Fedex shipments (which is how all the Monk+ were shipped) show up faster and around noon.
I need to re-seal in my garage, and it's been too cold to silicone.  It's finally getting warm enough that I should be able to let it cure above freezing for 48 hours.
I'm just glad they got them in before snowpocalypse starts.

The one thing that does annoy me is that their warehouse is in Northern New Jersey.  I'm right next to Philadelphia and when they ship stuff to me, it always ends up going to Baltimore and then swinging back up to Philadelphia and then eventually making it's way to my suburb.  I guarantee you the truck comes down I-95 and probably passes within 1 minute of my house.

That trip to Baltimore an then back to Philly adds 2 days to my order.
Sorry to get your hopes up.  I didn't know there was another drop in February.
Right before Christmas.
I think the pinnacle of DAPs was the iPod Classic.  The UI is incredibly easy and straightforward.  There are aftermarket hacks that allow you to put an insane amount of storage in the thing, all those great iPod inline music controls work with them, and that big scroll wheel in the center of the thing is just the perfect control for a DAP.

When I see reviews for all the DAPs that are out there now, their UIs are all train wrecks.  And the touch ones are an abomination.  If you're going to get a device that is designed to specifically play music, please give me some hardware buttons on it.  If I wanted a touch screen, I would just use my phone.

I think a lot of the problem with these things is that their first priority is to stick a "higher end" DAC and amp in there and try and make that a selling point.  Instead, they should spend some more R&D dollars on the UI.
I heard this on the radio and said to myself "How did I forget about this awesome song!"
I just listened to HAIM - Something To Tell You on YouTube.  Spectacular album!  I'll be buying the CD tonight if I can find it.  Otherwise Amazon will need to send it to me.

I'll work my way through the other albums tonight or tomorrow.
I need to cover the ends with some netting so my shrimp don't go for a ride down the drain.
What makes them SO useful?
They took my corporate phone away and gave me $55.00 a month to use my personal phone.  I have no complaints, other than the fact that AirWatch just sucks.
Earpods won't stay in my ear and I don't particularly like the sound of them.  So, I don't think the AirPods are for me.