Brilliant over from Boult. Nailing yorkers perfectly
Why does Iyer wear his cap in that douchey way?
Gowtham daddy get in!!!
My god even Shreyas Gopal wouldn't struggle this much with a bat in his hand. Short just get out ya selfish prick!
Okay Short you've had a long stay at the crease and it's pretty evident you're not gonna get into form so please fuck off
The collapse begins right on cue
My Note 8. Nothing wrong with the phone itself, just that it's "too much phone" for me. If I'm only going to be using whatsapp, browser and a couple of other apps, I could've done it on a $300 phone, minus the beautiful display ofcourse
Hahaha so Gambhir relinquished captaincy to Iyer and Iyer straight away removes Gambhir from the lineup in his first game as captain. Killer mentality
Woah. Ankit Rajpoot MOTM instead of Pandey ji and Rashid from Afghanistan
Kohli trying to get himself suspended so he can stop playing with these bowlers
Yeah I can imagine a lot of RCB fans using "death"and "Corey" in the same sentence
Need players from CSK and SRH to say "e saala cup namde" so they can start losing some games
So it's settled, anyone who says "e saala cup namde" unironically is gonna attract bad luck
For sure Mujeeb is gonna be giving a toast at Finch's next wedding at this rate
Mayanti is that you?
Ankit "I'm here to take fifers and slog-sweep" Rajpoot
They're cheering the players, not the fans
Fucking hell. This is just unfair. They've scored 118 and 132 and are defending them comfortably without their premier bowler while we're stuck with Unadcunt and  Binny
Deja poo: the feeling you've seen this shit before
Fuck's sake. Give SRH the trophy right now
MI have struggled in all of their games. I know SRH have the best bowling attack but KXIP are giving away wickets cheaply
I have a theory that Finch and Maxwell had a Hangover like bachelor party. They've both failed pretty spectacularly since coming back from thr wedding
Cannot imagine what's going through KXIP batsmen's heads. Nearly a run a ball chase, no scoreboard pressure and they keep losing wickets. Unbelievable
Yea that happens in the dugout. They take 1 lakh rupees out of the paycheck of the bowler
Did Ethical mind appeal after breaking the stumps with his hand?
Another day, another SRH batting collapse. I don't think their bowlers can bail them out again today
Why Fleming?
Should've just used Sundar instead of Coriander
I hope that was the last IPL game for Coriander. 
Fucking hell. MI and RCB have definitely done something horrible that upset the cricket gods. 
Send Mandeep and Sundar before Coriander. It's not that difficult. 
I think RCB should be very happy with that total. 
Holy shiiiit they scored 118 and they're gonna win by 30+ runs
He just played a maiden over, I think you're safe
What is this pitch and what have they done to the real Wankhede pitch?
Oh my days, MI bottling another game, what a fantastic time to be alive
Hotstar always shows ads during IPL
Seriously though, never thought CSK will perform so well right out of the gate this year.
Holy shit, SRH batting lineup has been badly exposed. Just shows how much they relied on Warner and Dhawan (and sometimes Henriques) in the past
For whom?
One time I went to buy batteries and mistakenly asked for Durex instead of Duracell
Finally RR's big money buys perform well! What a time to be alive
That stare from Bhuvi daddy 😍😍
I agree with that but it's bullshit that they dropped Kulkarni but not Unadcunt
I hereby announce I won't watch a Rajasthan Royals game until they drop Unadcunt from the lineup
Ajinkya "nobody thought Tripathi should open the innings" Rahane really needs to make better decisions regarding the team lineups and batting positions
Hardik isn't even the best all-rounder in his house
Ate too many cookies in his day
Every time I think about it, I don't understand how Axar Patel is frequently selected in the Indian team while Krunal never gets a look. Krunal is like Axar Patel 3.0
Well that was quite a collapse. I knew they weren't going to win but they could've atleast taken it a bit close to help with the NRR.
Coincidentally that's also the name of my new boss
Fuck's sake, KXIP nearly pulled a MI from yesterday. Blistering start, followed by a batting collapse, followed by poor bowling
My team scored 217 and defended it today. I don't have to feel jealous :)
CSK batting lineup looks weak. But they'll probably win again
I'm not on the RR hype train yet. ALL our bowlers have been underwhelming
RR batting was amazing, bowling not so much. Either Laughlin or Short has to sit out the next game
I don't understand how we're not on top of the Fair Play table. The way Unadcunt serves up these warm pies in every single game, what more do you want from us?
I think RCB have to send Woakes before Negi and Sundar
Since when is Rana a "new guy"? Established himself last season with MI
Hahaha love RR's strategy of letting RCB batsmen get their eyes in and making them overconfident, then catch them on the boundary
None of RR's overseas players have performed. It's sad. Watching the auction I was going crazy with Smith, Stokes, Short, Archer, Buttler, etc
BUTTLER YOU FUCKING MONG WHAT ARE YOU DOING 
Buttler you fucking idiot what have you done
He's bowled like one ball on the stumps and even that went for four 😂
Yep yep, we're gonna let Samson down with our terrible bowling. Reckon RCB might even win with an over left
I thought Rahane was injured. Why is he bowling pies to Kohli?
I swear to god if we lose this game because of Unadcunt, I'm cancelling my Hotstar subscription and snapping my Jio sim in half
Do you not wash your underwear usually?
To all of you laughing at Umesh, just wait and watch Unadcunt bowl even worse
Even with that score, we're never safe when the other team has got De Kock, B-Mac, Kohli and ABD in their top-4 and such small boundaries
It's gay if you don't get a massive erection when Samson thwarts RCB's bowlers all around the park
Sanju Samson was like "what Ishan Kishan and Pant can do, I can do better"
Woah! As a RR fan, I never saw this coming. Sanju Samson was in god-mode
I think he cut the interview short because of the F word
RIP Justin's head and Dustin's leg
THIS IS WILD
I really hope money is not the reason why Condit came out of retirement
Well that was a wild fight
Worked perfectly fine for me
What a finish! Roller-coaster of emotions
I'd say Pollard needs to go first
Surya and Markande
Poor Tewatia
DD thought they were unlucky for having to chase 71 in 6 overs. Let's see how they fare chasing 240 in 20 overs lol
Good to see Rohit getting his head out of his ass and letting the in-form Suryakumar open the batting. As a RR fan, would like to see Rahane do the same with Samson/Tripathi
Dan Christian more like Ban Christian
Pretty poor over from Cutting after 2 incredible overs by Bumrah and Fizz
BOTTLED mate
What a bottlejob by SRH batting lineup (apart from the openers)
No, Unadcunt didn't deserve the second over
Well Bhattacharya has got achar in it
It wasn't a war
**Khabib constantly jabs Al's face, turning his nose into a faucet, while outstriking him 130-18**

Joe: "This is a disappointing round from Nurmagomedov. Iaquinta is looking dangerous"
TJ and DJ aren't fighting
It's excruciatingly painful if you get hit on an overgrown nail with a hard ball
Pep fraudiola
Not Tahir. That man will celebrate enough for 10 people
Man City and MI bottling games at the same time, I'm so happyyy
Trim your nails
Fairly certain Sanju Samson for 8 crore was a bigger shock
Bhosdike idhar dekh
"God I hope it's urine"
Why are people scapegoating Warner in the sandpaper-gate? And why such huge bans on all 3 involved? Is it because they admitted it honestly rather than hiding like the players before?
Rahane is their captain. They're not looking for a captain 
Can't wait for the evil goatees
If you're really a big man then fight me instead of talking shit. Name a time and place, legit. Put your money where your mouth is, i'll pay for your flight if I have to, money's no problem.

Sounds like someone's bitter about not being able to afford Yeezy Boost 350 V2 Blue Tint
Probably a paid snapchat or patreon or something
Wait isn't this Katrina Kaif?
What the fuck did you just say about me, you little bitch?
r/AteThePasta
I bet the Aussie media feels stupid for comparing him to Trump now
Please do the needful.
"Her ears are like a 9 and a 4"
That's Frank Lampard's short, fat and ginger brother
Indian Note 8 Exynos here, just checked, nothing yet
Calm down Dwight
"I challenged my mods to ruin my subreddit. Now they're winning - part 68"
"You don't call disabled people disabled. It's bad taste. You call your friends disabled when they're acting disabled" 

- Wayne Gretzky
As a Chelsea fan, I have mixed feelings about this. While Chelsea's growth under Abramovich has been nothing short of phenomenal, I sort of feel dirty that the money he has invested has been earned through shady practices.
Yeah he can finish too. Raina can share the ball with Pandya. Rohit Dhawan Kohli Raina Dhoni DK Pandya is a very solid top-7
So basically everyone vs Bangladesh
Always believed in DK and Raina. Even though Raina didn't perform today, he's still better than Jadhav. As for DK, he can play at 4 in ODIs
I demand a yearly Nidahas trophy. Include Pakistan as well.
And his partner, Narain, picked solely for hos batting. The IPL is gonna witness a madness
DK continues to have rocky relationships with people named Vijay
DK is humiliating Rohit "nobody thought Karthik should bat before Shankar" Sharma
Oh my fucking god DK is doing a madness here
#DK2019
Hahahaha this is turning out to be way more fun than I imagined
LOOOOOL wicket maiden I cannot believe this
Hahahaha what an over! 
5D chess by Rohit to ensure Manish and Vijay Shankar never get picked for T20s again?
Hahahaha still no Karthik
27 balls since the last boundary fuck's sake
A very strong total in a final. Much better than I expected from them
Also "wool"
Pepper and Andy
Why would the third umpire raise his arm to signal a no ball? That's not his job
Oh my! Ends with 0W426
Great use of Dinesh Review System by Karthik
BCCI canceling Bhuvi and Bumrah's rest as we speak
India play Sri Lanka so often that now I remember Sri Lanka's national anthem
When you're having a small conversation with a cute chick and her overprotective boyfriend shows up
Instructions unclear, accidentally bought Asus Zenfone
Still fewer than Bhuvi
Nah it was Klaasen
Dala MOTS?
So who's the MOTM? Raina or Bhuvi?
7-2 for India in LOI
Come on India don't bottle this
I didn't expect this from someone who spells Christian with two As
Fuck sake Jonker stop
Well Unadkat and Shardul have gotten plenty of chances but they're both disappointing. Maybe India should look towards Mohit or Sandeep Sharma for T20s
Bumrah injured the middle stump
Morris' best score in T20Is is 17 not out
What's happening? Is there a streaker on the ground?
Dhoni: "Danda me tez mat daalna" x3

*Raina fires it down the leg*
Klaasen trying to injure Bhuvi by getting out. 4D chess
Fuck's sake, it's like they were waiting for Axar. 
Raina
Bhuvi is a national treasure
Interestingly, Virat Kohli is India's top ranked all rounder in T20Is (#13 in the list)
The tail started after Klaasen. In fact SA batting lineup is so much worse than ours, even on paper
Duminy is on a diet
It wasn't funny the first time
Always felt he was a bit unfairly treated. Doesn't get as many chances as the others do
So... Like the whole series?
Repeating my earlier comment: he has batting average of a bowler and the bowling average of a batsman
It's the latter imo
Some time ago I heard something about Mitch Marsh that gave me a chuckle, but it seems apt for Hardik Pandya- "he has batting average of a bowler and the bowling average of a batsman"
Only 36 balls left
Superman from Eminem or Taylor Swift?
Didn't Weidman have like 6-7 title defenses? Atleast he used his peak. Rockhold has been a massive waste of talent
For all his technical gifts, is Rockhold too chinny to be an all time great fighter? It feels like he has all the tools but still loses fights he should win
Gastelum is too small for middleweight
I cannot believe Rockhold has lost that. Is he the biggest underachiever for someone who's constantly praised as being the best middleweight pound for pound?
Fucking hell I didn't see that coming. That is a devastating loss for Rockhold
Yoel "I'll hammerfist you in the lower thigh" Romero won that round
With his "no for gay Jesus" comments, he's definitely conservative 


/s
10-9 Rockhold
Hunt's brain would explode
30-26 x2 oof
Hunt didn't connect clean on Lesnar
So 19-19?
He's injured
I used a similar one, kept coming off due to having glue only on the borders, and fucked with my screen sensitivity especially on the top-right part. Been using without a screen protector since then
And then we get to see Pandya bowl 10 overs. Fun!
Kohli is Hazard, Bhuvi is Azpilicueta, Hardik is Bakayoko
It's 2018 and Spotify is still not available in India. Or Deezer.
"Ask not what Pandya can do for your country. Ask what the country can do for Pandya." - Virat Kohli
I hope he tries a different sport so I don't ever have to see him play for India again
Watching Pandya makes me suicidal. How can we, as a nation of 1.325 billion, not find someone better than Hardik Pandya?
Sometimes it feels like India plays cricket for the sole purpose of getting Hardik Pandya some confidence. And even then he manages to concede at almost 8 per over while the batting team is 4 wickets down
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Machida era
I'm okay with Bisping vs Machida in London, Loser retires and winner retires as well
Huge fan of Machida, but he should retire regardless of the result of this fight
I don't think this fight proved anything to anybody that they didn't already know about Shevchenko. The only thing this fight achieved is giving a debutant fighter some brain damage
People were quick to call out when Cyborg was getting cans in her first few fights but this was just as bad, if not worse. A debut fighter with not much experience should not fight a fighter with 50+ professional fight record in combat sports
I know Shevchenko is popular around these parts but fuck this fight
So 100+ unanswered strikes, when do they stop the fight?
Very unhappy about a debut fighter being fed to one of the top fighters in women's MMA
This fight has a "feeding cans to Cris Cyborg" feel about it. 
From @jedigoodman on twitter:


The last time a #UFC a fighter missed weight and lost was at Fight Night 120 in November.   

Since then, fighters who have missed weight are 9-0 (including 2-0 this year). #randomstat #UFCBelem
Now I wanna see Brian Ortega vs Green to see how many submission attempts Green can survive
>fuck me brazilian fighters



I see what you did there
Stupid millennials with weak livers /s
That KO reminded me of Machida vs CB Dollaway
We're playing South Africa, not Arsenal
Looool and now he realizes he wasted the review on the wrong ball
Kohli's MOTM should be taken away and given to Kuldeep instead for getting out on that ball
Phehlukwayo's last 2 overs are some of the weirdest overs I've seen lately
Phehlukwayo nearly got a 2-wicket maiden lmao
Yes it's time to give Karthik another try /s
Manjrekar should be on sign-language commentary so we never have to hear him speak
That was one of the worst things I've ever read and I think I lost a few brain cells
I'm not sure but I think Kohli forced him into a run. That was suicidal and extremely stupid decision making from whoever thought it was a run
He's not superstitious. He's just a little-stitious
Dropping a catch because you have your sunglasses on your head instead of your eyes is definitely one of the most retarded things I've ever witnessed. Shocked it was Rahane who did that!


7- Have sex with

I choose Bhuvi. Yes homo
Rwanda too I think
Unless he does well in the upcoming edition of IPL
That's the only difference?
Or a mute guy. How else would you tell the replay guy to "rock and roll it"?
And they bought Chameera. Fuck's sake
I've got a funny feeling that Kulkarni will be this year's Dinda
Ranji game lasts 4 days. IPL salary is for 14 games played within 40-45 days. Big difference
Guessed so
Domestic players earn 20lakh in a month-month and a half?
Can they pro-rate his salary and use the remaining amount to buy someone else as cover?
Do KKR have a thin squad considering they've got Lynn and Starc in the team and have nearly used up their purse?
RR
25 is the max, not compulsory
Dhananjaya and Krunal
Hahahah Yuvraj Chudasama got his name butchered by Richard
No takers for Pravin Doobie
If you can't beat them, buy them
Lmao Federer is mauling Cilic in the final
Tripathi Rahane opened for RPS last year
RR lineup-
Tripathi
Rahane
Smith
Samson
Stokes
Buttler
Archer/Short
Gowtham
Unadkat
Kulkarni
Anureet/Ankit

Solid 7/10 lineup
Rajat Bhatia unsold. End of an era.
CSK getting a lot of cheap buys now
Fuck's sake RR you don't need more overseas players!
How many spinners do you need?
Yeah probably. I just don't like that they paid 8cr for Samson as a pure batsman.
RR have Samson, Buttler
Is Unmukt Chand totally useless now? RR could've got him for base price
With cameras, hopefully 
What the fuck did I say? https://www.reddit.com/r/Cricket/comments/7t9toz/z/dtcth6e
My boy Sran making big bucks
Good marketing will only get you so far. At some point you have to perform
Agreed. And now we have the solid core of international players who can guide the youngsters
S Aravind unsold? Probably should've kept his base price at 20-30L
I think Tye will command a 5cr+ bidding war
Nathan 'unsold' Lyon
And RR are basically going for a RPS reunion
Vijay, Parthiv, Ojha and Tare all went unsold yesterday
We've got less than 5 crore left, now it's time to get cheap bargains. Blew all the money on Stokes, Smith, Unadkat, Samson
MI should bid on him just because his name sounds like Wankhede
Unsold
RR need to take a fucking break from the auction and get someone on the phone who can scout local youngsters from Rajasthan.
Definitely better than CSK, maybe even KKR. 
Isn't that Juhi's daughter?
Uthappa maybe
Just got 12 players though. Need atleast 18 imo
Rajasthan with no ex-cricketers on their table and instead opting for suits, yet they've got the most ridiculous decision making, business-wise and cricket-wise
KXIP have bid on literally every single player and still have the most money left. Fuck's sake
Yeah if given a chance, most would prefer Morgan and Hales over Root. Even Billings might sell
Buy as many RPS players as possible
Oh my god I hope to attend atleast 3 games!
Out of the loop here: Does Rajasthan cricket board and BCCI still have a dispute going on? Will Rajasthan play their matches in Jaipur or other venues like Indore, Rajkot and Kanpur since Motera (Ahmedabad) is under construction?
Why not Balaji? He looks fit
Who wants to see Stephen Fleming and Preity Zinta in a cheesy Bollywood romantic film?
Should've RTMd him instead of Mohit
Sandeep for just 3 crore!? Fucking hell that's a bargain
I feel KXIP should've used their RTM on Sandeep instead
That makes sense. Thanks for the answer
So once a team reaches close to their purse max, how do they fill up the remaining spots?
Then I don't think he warrants 8 crore as a pure batsman. I know he started his career at RR but he's not that good
RR could've used a cricketer on their table. Some shock buys from them and the team is extremely unbalanced. 2 wks (Samson and Buttler) and 3 overseas all rounders (Archer, Stokes, Short)
DD got a massive bargain in Jayant for 50 lakhs
I know, I watched the auction live but I feel they didn't need him since they also got Buttler who does the same things but better.
Rajasthan now need a bunch of good bargains on Indian players to make up for the fact that they massively overpaid for Samson and Krishnappa
Wow no one went for Morgan
Who even is Gowtham Krishnappa and why have RR bought him for 6.2 cr????
Yes, Jofra Archer, Jos Buttler and Ben Stokes are my favourite Aussies
The people who are in control of the money should be on the table anyway. No need for 4 stats guys with excel sheets on their laptops
People seeking confirmation on the phone before placing a bid, so overly dramatic
Hahah never mind, Rajasthan bought both Short and Archer!
RR. Supported KKR because of Gambhir
So BBL fans, is Jofra Archer much better than D'Arcy Short?
Hahah RR, RCB and SRH jacked up the price for Krunal 
Friendship with KKR ended, now DD is my second favourite team 
How dare you sir! RR is more like the Chelsea board. Buys Morata and Rüdiger, then wastes everyone's time by bidding and not buying the players
How many Sri Lankan bowlers in IPL?
Tripathi was a great buy for RR. Now they have most of RPS starting lineup that reached the final. Tripathi-Rahane openers with Smith and Stokes in the middle order. Also Samson and Buttler
Young Rashid Khan making beaucoup bucks
Delhi unkills and Preity going to war
Oh they did? Fuck me I missed that somehow
Blessing in disguise for CSK to miss out on Chola and getting Tahir for 1/4th the price
Unlikely but I hope RR get Kuldeep somehow, even if it's for 6-7 crore
As a RR fan, their moves make no sense to me. They got in bidding wars for Samson and Uthappa but didn't even put in a bid for Billings, Bairstow or Buttler.
Extremely surprised about Buttler amd McClenaghan
They might try to get Sandeep and Mohit Sharma again
I'm sure KXIP didn't get Ashwin via RTM
RR won the bid for Samson, but did they really win?
Why not Bairstow? Or De Kock?
MI and RR in a serious dick measuring contest for an Indian keeper
I like Moeen Ali
If RR get Stoinis I'm gonna be so happy
At this rate RR will have to bring Warne out of retirement to make up the numbers
Surely RR will retain Faulkner
Woakes the first England-born player to be sold today?
KXIP going berserk and spamming bids for anyone with a pulse, RR going flaccid after starting with a bang, CSK non existent
Rahul and Manish Pandey go for over 10 crores I'm laughing so hard
Theme of the auction: go big or go home. Either player goes unsold or KXIP gets into a fucking bidding war and makes the player super rich.
Amla unsold. I'm done. Going out for a cheeky kachori with the lads
And Morgan is Irish, so he'll sell too
Well I don't care what anyone says, I'm proud of India's decision to zone out English players to revenge the British Raj. (Stokes is an exception, he was born in NZ)
What the fuuuuck
Rajasthan for fuck's sake buy McCullum or Roy
I meant in IPL
Hoping RR get either Finch or Roy. I'll be a happy panda then
Miller's bad form in the last couple of years costing him
And now comes biwichod
Motherfucker Rahul is printing money with every passing second
They seemed happy with Nair for 5.4 crores ffs
They got Axar Patel
Well if Rahul goes for less than Nair, I'm turning off the tv
I also compared him to 2 international players of similar caliber. 
Well this is just stupid.
Can KXIP just sit out for one fucking player? Why must they get into a bidding war for every single player?
Relying on Kohli and ABD
Definitely. Its not like he's completely out of form
McCullum will come soon
I just don't understand the thought process. Root isn't worse than Rahane, Faf, Kane, Yuvraj, etc. No one even wants him at base price? Ridiculous
Rishabh Pant retained for 15 crore, no buyers for Root for 1.5 crore. I'm speechless
RCB should go in for Root
Kane a big bargain for SRH
This has been such a long, drawn out embarrassment for KXIP. Poor Preity
I felt Starc went for too much. Cummins and NCN are much better for me
>Punjab:
>We are gonna buy every players thanks.



Ftfy: We're going to lose bids for every player thanks
RR get Smith, Rahane and Stokes, watch out bitches!
Yeah Rohit's ego needs repairing
THE MORALEST OF MORAL VICTORIES!!
Just sticking to Sharmas for now
Sunny just used the s-word on tv!!!
Should I not premeditate my shots and keep a calm head?

I shan't.
A heroic batting innings from Bhuvneshwar comes to an end, which can only mean one thing- time for a heroic bowling innings from Bhuvneshwar
In Sri Lankan Rupees
Coincidentally, the amount of Hardik Pandya's total runs in this match is also the same amount of money he spent on his haircut.
That's what I said. 
Who doesn't? Hardik isn't a handsome guy and he looks like a joker with that blonde streak
He's the polar opposite of Pandya. Doesn't let anything mess with his head. Success or failure, keeps calm. 
Imagine Bhuvneshwar if he lost all his composure, patience, batting technique, control while bowling, swinging deliveries and drop-dead gorgeous looks. That's Hardik Pandya.



Edit: I will repost this every time Hardik shits the bed.
64-3
Sounds like someone hasn't seen Bhuvneshwar Kumar bat
Rahul finally equals Dhawan's top score in this series #moralvictory
Por que no los dos¿
Jokes on you when India scores -50 runs somehow
No I think it's the receding hairline
When you take "to be the best you have to take out the best" literally
Kohli dropped Bhuvi because "horses for courses" yet we have some donkeys in this team
We're all Kumars on this blessed day
Bhuvi stop I can only get so hard!!!
Kohli's secretly hoping Pandya and Parthiv drop a catch and start fighting and then beat each other to death so India doesn't ever have to select either one of them in an international game. 666D chess
He has already ruined our batting and bowling, why not fielding too
Mayanti Langer
>Shikhar Dhawan: 750 rums


Sounds about right

Imagine Bhuvneshwar if he lost all his composure, patience, batting technique, control while bowling, swinging deliveries and drop-dead gorgeous looks. That's Hardik Pandya.
Get you a man who can do both 
Hardik isn't even the best all-rounder in his household, let alone the Indian XI
He died on the inside the day people started comparing him with Pandya
Kapil Dev rolling in his grave after seeing that shot from Pandya
I'm more shocked that Kenny managed to defeat and murder a guy with his bare hands, who was twice his size who was even more desperate AND drunk
He's the kind of skilled and well-rounded fighter who can possibly beat Miocic. Definitely got a better chance than Hunt, Overeem, Arlovski, Browne, Lewis or any of the other new guys
I agree with that, anyone can KO anyone in heavyweight. But if Miocic's chin holds up like it did today, there aren't any clear contenders right now.
Ngannou isn't experienced and well rounded enough to beat him *right now*. If he shores up his ground game and cardio, sure he can get another chance in like a year. Heavyweight is a shallow division
We're talking about Cain here. I'm not even sure if he has any mileage left. I wouldn't bet on him fighting 2 more times in his career
Who can beat Miocic in this division? Mayyyybe Cain and Werdum? I can't see anyone else beating him any time soon.
So many parallels to be drawn in both the championship fights. Young contender, rose quickly through the ranks in the last year with some quick finishes, more people got on the hype train than a Mumbai local, got the title fight vs a seasoned, experienced champion and looked like deer in headlights. Also says a lot about the quality of these 2 divisions.
Was reading bloodyelbow's predictions last night and they all talked about Ngannou like he's some monster. And Miocic has been the underdog since this fight was announced. 
Forgot your /s bruv
I didn't like that fight. At all. I mean, massive props to Miocic for surviving and winning that first round, but then the next 4 rounds felt like he played it too safe. He could've easily gotten the finish early, exactly like the DC fight. He chose not to, and I feel he may have even lost some fans.
Can't believe so many people called Ngannou an athlete. Some athlete who can't even last 5 minutes without gassing
I feel Miocic won a lot of fans in that first round, and then proceeded to lose them by trying to out-point a statue.
Just realized Miocic is about to break the successful heavyweight title defenses record
What we've seen tonight is 2 young and upcoming fighters thrown too soon in the deep end vs experienced champions. I'm not complaining, both divisions are just sad but we've seen the difference vs contenders and champions.
This is Miocic's fight to lose. He weathered the storm, and now he can easily out-point Ngannou who looks as slow as a giant in a boss fight in a video game. He has lost all power and will be lucky to make it to the 5th round
Crazy combo by Miocic. He's the real deal. Ngannou is gassed
I meant after he wins the belt. There are no new fights left in either divisions. This fight has the possibility of being a big money fight.
Got a feeling another hype train is going to get derailed tonight
Is it worth it as a walkout song just for "this time for Africa"? In my opinion, yes.
Seriously though, DC vs Rockhold makes a lot of sense. 2 stagnating divisions, not many clear contenders or fresh fights, add some 'he left the team to train with other guys' drama, and you have a very solid PPV main event. Just throwing it out there
Jon Jones vs USADA is the biggest rivalry
Fuck it, book DC vs Rockhold when they both have the belt.
Volkan hype train comes to an abrupt halt. Atleast Gus won a round vs DC. This was a mauling.
Fuck sake DC is terrifying
FUUUCK THAT FIRST ROUND WAS WILDER THAN I EXPECTED IT TO BE
Was UFC 192 the last time DC fought someone with hair on his head?
Did Joe just say DC is coming off a loss vs Jones? Wasn't it turned to No Contest after Jones was caught using PEDs for the second time?
Fight of the night favourite for me and what a beautiful finish!
I don't care who won that fight but I sure know the viewers lost
Worst. Fight. Ever. 50k deduction for each of them for winning the Worst Fight of the Night award.
This is the first time Musonda ended up on the winning side in the Premier league.
Season 5, episode 8
I'm guessing you haven't watched the Community episode Nosedive seems to be ripped off from. Spoiler alert: that's what the 4s do. Rate each other 5 to maintain their status and rule the 1s, 2s and 3s
I own a Note 8, gonna have to get the latest edition of Gear VR especially made for Note 8
Ugh, looks like I'll have to buy that super expensive VR headset after all
Fuck's sake Boris Johnson don't you have anything better to do?
Exactly! Should've bowled SA out for 58 in the second innings /s
I am. nothing works. Maybe the guy saying jio blocked Streamable is right
Fuck's sake you look like a retarded Jessica Nigri
What the fuck!? Why would they do that?
Also Uthappa for a little while
Slightly off topic: Streamable links don't open on my phone. At first I thought the link was removed due to copyright issues but now even new links don't open. Any suggestions to fix that?
Could be when India play England in tests
Arsenal lose 2-1 to Bournemouth and the #WengerOut signs are out in South Africa lmao
Don't need the heavy roller, just ask Ngidi to sit on the pitch for a couple of minutes
50% of the runs scored with only 50% of the wickets gone. Well on track boys!
I said it in the SL series and I'll say it again, umpires should not be trying to be too helpful to players when DRS is a thing.
Parthiv has already outscored De Kock. I never thought I'd say this in a test match in 2018
Cricbuzz seems to be down. I kept wondering why they're taking such a long break after Rabada's wicket
Owie
Via twitter:

Kohli wearing a helmet in slips to get a flavour for what it's like to wear a helmet on a foreign ground for more than 20 minutes.
Bhenchod 3 - Madarchod 0
Follow up comment from cricbuzz:

Someshwar: "@karthik: And Kohli is eyeing to buy Rahane in the auction. He just does not want to show how he performs and raise his auction price" -- Now this is capitalism into financial inclusion
I'm a Chelsea fan, I've been using that hashtag since July
Just realized that if you add an 'm' to his name and exchange the position of his first and last name, you get MuskMelon
Via cricbuzz:

Karthik: "My logic - Bhuvi and Jadeja aren't being considered because they've already been retained by their respective IPL franchises. Kohli is helping everybody make a case for themselves before the 27th." -- Financial inclusion at its best
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Kohli's team selections.
Wow, I knew these away series will be a difficult period for the Indian team but this has fallen apart ridiculously fast!
It's kind of expected, he looks just like James Franco
Time to stat-pad bois!
Joke's on him, Mourinho lives alone in a hotel room in Manchester
Translation: Mushkil hai lekin kathin nahi
Dhawan scores an unbeaten 150 (45) and then removes his mask to show it was ICCDhawan all along!
Bhuvneshwar "Azhar Ali" Kumar
Bumrah's long lost brother, Gumrah
Fastest 200 in Test history incoming
It's not gay if you don't swallow
India. WhatsApp is by far the most used texting app here and people spam New Years messages and calls using broadcast lists and such. So it goes down for about an hour at midnight
It happens every year. I'm not sure why people are surprised. Been using WhatsApp for a solid 6-8 years and it goes down around midnight every new year's day
Mourinho has been doing it for a decade now
24 year old Indian here. Just started my career. I'd like to have a figure in mind but I'm not sure how to calculate the inflation-adjusted amount for 25 years from now. Also, I'll need some extra money to start a small business/ animal shelter because I'll go crazy if I don't have anything to keep me occupied
None taken!
I'm a HUGE Wonderman fan, but it would be extremely unfair that he gets to stand in the way of other contenders after failing to beat Woodley TWICE! As far as I'm concerned, he's not getting another title shot as long as Woodley has the belt.
I already did at the age of 17
This game is perfectly poised for a Bhuvneshwar Kumar unbeaten double century
Have a long distance relationship
Happened once to me when applying a theme from the Samsung theme store. The screen went all black and wouldn't turn on. This was just a couple days after I bought it
Now that we have reviews available, maybe umpires should refrain from pointing out the reason for not out decision until the fielding team has made up their mind.
Hahaha Llong has managed to bamboozle India
He might even use the c-word
Is Shami that fast or can the Sri Lankans really not see the ball?
Its the Group L
It's the proximity sensor that turns it off while in pocket
Exynos here in India, nada.
"When your back's against the wall, you either go big or you go home. And you don't look like a guy who goes home."


"It's true, I don't even have a home"
5.5-7 hours of SOT with AOD off, 4G LTE on the entire time, Dual sim with poor network, Auto brightness and a decent amount of gaming
How did you get those stock icons in the status bar?
Exynos Dual sim version here. Only says "SAMSUNG" on the back
*"I waz imprezz by your performanz"
I like Till but Wonderman is in a different league. He'll outclass him
Literally worse than Covington. 
Definitely better than 189
Yeah Till already called him out on twitter
Michael Bisping vs Ben Stokes come on!!!
I have no idea tbh. MMA is sorta new for India, WWE has always been wayyy more popular here. But we get free PPV events live so that's great. 
You saw how tonight went for cocky fighters. Nobody wants to slight the MMA gods
It's 10 am and I'm fucking exhausted and my bed feels wobbly. What. A. Night. Nothing can ever top that. Not even in my wildest dreams I imagined all 3 of my favourite fighters would win belts and in such thrilling fashion
Wow, feels pretty good to be a one in 1.3 billion
GSP vs SILVA vs MCGREGOR TRIPLE THREAT MATCH BRING IT ON DANA
Wonderman, Thug Rose, Killashaw and GSP winning on the same card, with three of them winning titles in spectacular fashion. It doesn't get better than this for me. This is up there with India winning 2011 cricket world cup and Chelsea winning 2012 Champions League
GSP dropped Bisping with the same punch that Bisping used to drop Rockhold
MMA Gods are out tonight. Don't bad mouth your opponent, be respectful, touch gloves as often as you can, or say good bye to your belt
WHAT. A. NIGHT.
GSP FINISHES FIGHTS NOW OMFGGGGGG
Both
GSP 10-9 COME ON BOY 4 MORE
Bisping knows if he doesn't touch gloves, he's going to sleep haha
Fuck's sake GSP's gut looks huge
Dear God, I know you've done more than enough with Rose and TJ getting massive wins, but please please don't let GSP get knocked out. If anything, give a boring 50-45 to Bisping
If GSP wins I'm saving this PPV event to my spank-bank folder
Thug Rose, Dillashaw and GSP have been my favourite fighters (among a few others) since I started following this sport. What a night it would be if all three win on the same card


Edit: forgot to mention Wonderman as well. Crafty performance from him
Fully expect GSP to land a flying knee and then call out Anderson Silva
Cocky champs being humbled omgghh what a night
Cody 10-8 fuck's sake
I will tap due to excitement if that happens
One down, 2 to go. Come on TJ and GSP!
The way Joanna's whole savage persona shattered as soon as she tapped from strikes was Ronda Rousey-esque.
Dhoni not giving the strike to Bhuvi hahahaha


Edit: and he's out
Kohli out. Good night.
The same NZ last game. Dropped both openers at least once if I remember correctly
It's the hair
Such a brilliant over and concedes 10+ runs
FUCK OFF how lucky is he
Bhuvi is sooooo damn unlucky for fuck's sake
Hahaha Chahal what the fuck
Siraj gets Kane
Gujjus Pandya and Patel getting smashed in Rajkot
Axar bhai suu kare chhe?
Oooooh Dhoni that's a bad miss
Review time
As a Rajasthani, I hope not
c Hardik b Chahal again
HAHAHAHAHA Iyer you're getting sacked in the morning
Well the spinners have been smashed. 
Bhuvi you sexy bastard
Holy shit Chahal's getting murked
Is Latham injured or something?
STOCK ANDROID HYPE
Yeah probably. Poor guy got out at what, 49? And then got injured as well if I remember correctly
They've played together for Sunrisers Hyderabad for a couple of seasons
Talking of retirements, I really want Gambhir to play one of these games. He'll always be one of my favourites and deserves to get a nice send off
Only one team looked like the top ranked nation in this format and it wasn't New Zealand
Eh, not a bad way to defeat your opponent for the first time in this format.
Santner to open for NZ in the next game
Inb4 Nehraji concedes 65 in the last over as a joke
HALLOWEEN PRANK [GONE WRONG] [GONE SEXUAL]

 https://imgur.com/a/5ASbQ
Omgggg I just realized why Gavaskar keeps calling Runouts "Kangana". It's because Run-out sounds like Ranaut. Fuck me, it shouldn't have taken me this long to figure out
But Kohli gets a Kangana
3-0 win in this series will get us to 2nd
Poor South Indian Iyer can't cope with Delhi smog
Pi-ndya
Poor Nehraji just can't get a wicket on his swansong :(
I hope the people knocking Rohit and Dhawan feel stupid now. 158-0 in 16 overs is crazy good
Oooooh Bhuvi I'm coming
Fielding in pairs [GONE WRONG]
HAHAHAHA PANDYA FACES ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION TWICE IN THE SAME NIGHT
Very harsh wide imo
Atleast wait for him to valiantly defend a gay couple before making these comparisons
Another dropped catch. Delhi pollution claims another victory
The way he played in IPL last year, he's already on borrowed time
OMG Hardik took Shilajit during the break
Looks like someone hasn't seen Pandya bowl
Dadjokes everywhere
I think your attempt at humour is unoriginal
From the replay it seemed like the gesture was right after 3rd umpire flashed NOT OUT on the big screen
"New Zealand was never my friend"
Another dropped catch. Seriously how polluted is Delhi's air?
Will be interesting to see Kohli's reaction that someone gestured "out" to Williamson before he took the review
HAHAHAH Williamson got help from the pavillion apparently
Kohli shouldn't have wasted 2 balls on Hardik when he's in this red hot form
Because the ground umpires didn't want him to check for that
Okay this was hilarious
Woah Kohli another beautiful six
NZ dropping catches like it's hot because they can't view the ball in Delhi's atmosphere. What a strategy by India
Lmao Hardik had erectile dysfunction
MI experimented with Hardik as opener in the 2016 season. It did not go well at all
What a horrible over lmao
2nd beamer, is he suspended from bowling now?
Still dropped lol
Killer delivery
So basically they're going to be using a pochha on the ground every 7 overs
Hahaha another drop
This is not just my favourite picture taken from my new Note 8, but also my favourite picture of all time https://imgur.com/a/9yNht
I rage disabled SNote app last week because of this recurring issue. The app would just freeze randomly and after that there's basically no way of recovering your notes, it'll shut down itself and you'll lose all your progress
Especially in Asia
It's a shame my SOT can't go over 5-6 hours because of crappy network in both sim cards and 16 hours of 4G every day
I don't know where you're getting this from because it is widely accepted that Samsung's Exynos phones are better than their Snapdragon counterparts
HAHAHAHAHAHAH 337
James Franco almost involved in the 5th wicket as well
Gavaskar for sure googles 'Kangana hot sexy pix' alone at night
What in the fucking hell is Gavaskar on? Why is he talking like he's auditioning for a job at Planet Fitness?
Fuck sake Boult has had a nightmare. 81 off his 10
Pandya with a typical Pandya innings. 
32nd century for Kohli. Unstoppable.
Hardik gets hit on his helmet, pun intended
I NEED A LITTLE ROOM TO BREATHE
James Franco looks well chuffed with that catch
No run out, no double ton
Good luck getting past Rohan Gavaskar
Trying so hard to get a run out and take Rohit one step closer to another double century
Boult made a deal with the devil in the 1st ODI
Kohli fastest player to reach 9000 runs in ODI
4 4s in the Boult over hahah
Come on boy, you're half way there
The Hindi commentary averaging 1 dad joke every 5 seconds
In terms of facial hair, no.
More pictures of my two kitties: https://imgur.com/a/Q7gJk
When I found the kitten, I just called her Kitty because I had no idea how to train a cat to respond to a name as I've never had a pet. And I'm planning to name the little one "Lucy"
I live in small-ish town in India, we don't have many vets for cats here. I did however, find an animal shelter that's quite far from where I live.
We only found one. I think it's fair to say only one survived
When I found her a few months ago, I was strapped for cash. I chose to spend the money to get food for her. But now that I have a new job, I'll definitely get her spayed soon. 
Fellow Indian here. Was crazy about the Pixel line last year and was eager to finally buy the first flagship phone of my life. Waited until the Pixel 2 launch and ordered a Note 8 the next day. Pixel 2 XL is somehow costlier AND offers less features than Note 8
More like r/mydadisverybadass 
Predicted under-30 for Guptill, not too far away tbh
My Asus Zenfone had a built in "long press Recent apps key to screenshot" feature. Miss it so much
Wants that no. 4 spot
What a cameo by Bhuvi. More runs than Jadhav and Pandya combined in just 15 balls. Hero.


Edit: sorry, I'm wrong
Bhuviiiii stooop I can't get any harder
Hahaha Kuldeep my man

Edit: oh wait it's Bhuvi
Ugh why didn't they cross the strike
Yeaaahhh Bhuvi showing Jadhav and Pandya how to be a real all rounder
I didn't edit
Oooh Colin takes it on the chin
Just like his career
He'll get out for under 30
The signs are all there, Bhuvi is the obvious choice for no. 4 spot
Could use a Dinesh Karthik double century right now
Bhogle and Kohli
You really need to work on your h placement
Working fine for me. That Lean back mode is gorgeous on Amoled displays
How do I get the stock android icons on navbar?
No swearsies the puppers dont like
Did the original Pixel sell well? 
and one more essential accessory they can sell
There aren't many options here in India. Should I buy the Samsung Care thing? 
I'm going with Blue to mask my disappointed of not having this phone available in Blue colour in my country
I ordering this one in Blue colour. I think it's the same as you mentioned-

Spigen Spigen Thin Fit Case for Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Case - Deep Sea Blue 587CS22054 https://www.amazon.in/dp/B073R7LMR8/ref=cm_sw_r_wa_apa_i_Dqc4zb1SHPYKF 
Pretty sure my Asus Zenfone from 2 years ago also has that feature.
Just checked, they don't deliver to India
Appreciate your response but out of all the popular US brands, only Spigen is available in India. The alternative to that is low quality ebay products
Official Samsung stores have the same offers regarding Bajaj Finserv EMI cards and HDFC cashback. But the wireless charger will be shipped separately
Ordered via Samsung eStore at 67,900 with HDFC credit card and it says I'll get a 4,000 cash back within 4 months. The wireless charger will be shipped after I get the phone and activate the offer via MyGalaxy app
Checked after your comment and they don't seem to be available here in India
Same question, same dilemma, I'm also considering V30 and Nokia 8. So far Note 8 is my favorite
I don't have stats to prove my claim but I feel Bhuvi is very unlucky in terms of wickets. A lot of times he creates pressure and his bowling partner (usually Bumrah) gets the wickets
Bhuvi is so damn unlucky
I thought byes and leg byes didn't count as runs conceded by bowlers
So wicket maiden?
What an over from Bumrah
My stray kitty has thumbs too. Didn't know it was rare
Seriously though, so far this has been a poor over from Bumrah
Finally a boundary
Only 17 more wides and they'll reach 300
Pandey was such a cool motherfucker there
Someone earning $50,000 a day doesn't play this piece of shit game
7500 is the highest I've got
Lol cricbuzz called it a 'tactical review'
That's a weird conclusion to draw from a single innings
Time for a Bhuvi 42-ball century
Where did EA say that?

What event are you getting these from?
Is this from the SRD thread where a woman said she'd prefer getting punched rather than raped and a bunch of guys showed up saying "what if you become retarded from the punch"?
It went out of stock on the Samsung website first, just one day after the Free Wireless charger + 3K HDFC discount ended
More info on the upcoming event

https://www.reddit.com/r/FUTMobile/comments/6zqrnl/other_i_secretly_believe_edenhaaazaard_is_an_ea/dmxdimw
That's much less than what I thought. Since 8+ (6GB) is 65,900, I thought Note 8 would be at least 75k
Why is there a Martial token for this plan if it's the end of the current season? Hopefully there will be some continuity from current season to the next one 
Same. I quickly crafted Matic with minimal effort and moved on to Sigurdsson. But I've lost the will power to continue
Opened 43 packs yesterday, 2 Fame, 4 MLS and 1 Pack
Fun fact: Shirley is wearing an Obama Tshirt in the flashback from 2008
People have valid concerns. What he's doing is unethical and immoral, and bordering on illegal. The fact that he calls himself "King" shows how big of a narcissist he is
Clucas and Wood were the cheapest when I checked earlier today
This game is turning into a dumpster fire. Don't get me wrong, I'll still continue to play it in my free time, but my resolve to not spend a single penny has gotten stronger.
Courtois or Pedro would be a dream come true
Oh wow, TIL. The math is way over my head but I sorta get the concept. Thanks!
Yeah man, like most things in this game, luck is the most important factor here. Hope I'll be able to complete him by next Tuesday 🙏
How many times does an average player have to do the gold trophy trade-in to complete him? I'll do 4-5/day until the next weekly event and try to finish him then.
I'm saving FP for the next Hazard Value pack. I can get him to 100 with one value pack and some elite trophies, so the first priority is that. I'll do some gold trophy trade-ins and see if I have any luck
Can't comment without seeing your team first.
u/bmatul u/ourhillourbeans 
Keep in mind that I don't use RF position. Currently have Thuram just for the boosts. So how do I complete Di Maria fast without spending any FP?
A door stopper.
This happened while I was connected to 4G. And then, after 20 times it clicking Retry, I got this error https://i.imgur.com/vlufjPn.jpg
My apologies, I'm sleepy and misread it
Holy crap 20 stamina per ad! That's insane
Exactly. They're luxury items, for those who like to collect cards
This really followed my rules 1 and 2
Who cares, it's a pack-only event. Won't be very popular anyway
1- when your player heads the ball straight into the ground and it slowly dribbles into the arms of the keeper


2- when your player gets beaten for the header and looks like they've just been shot in the head

3- when the keeper body slams your forward but no penalty is given
When I cross with full power but the crosser does a weak ass cross to the nearest player and is intercepted by the defender
Like I said, I highly doubt it. But we'll see
I doubt they'll make TT plans for 2 Barca players
Considering the fact that Dembele was released less than 12 hours ago, I expect his price and the price of Barca contracts to fall further
No one knows, just wait for EA to announce something regarding reset.
Thanks mate. Will there be a live event?
Used Costa 95 extensively, he's a beast. Fast, strong, good finisher and good header of the ball
Recently got an upgraded card through Retro Stars. Unlikely imo
I'm leaning towards Son too. Stats-wise he's equal to Martial but is 260k cheaper
I play 4-4-2 and my LM is almost always in the box when LvL Mata crosses from the right. Plus Schuerrle misses a fuck ton of chances and Forsberg's stats regarding attacking (Shooting, finishing, heading, pace, long shots, shot power) are all worse than Schuerrle. I'm leaning towards Son atm
He'd probably be boosted to 98-99 in my squad too but I think he's a more defensive player and won't give me more goals than Schuerrle 
His shooting and heading stats don't seem encouraging to me. His boosts are amazing but he might turn out to be downgrade on Schuerrle
There's no way to get the upgraded Forsberg unfortunately
When will POTM be released? I'll keep an eye out for Kono 
I see. I'm not sure it I'll have the 1.5 million by the end of this week but I'll see if his price falls. It's still over 2.6 million and the other 96+ rated LMs (Rodriguez, Pedro) are way more expensive
A 96 rated player for under 1.5 million? I don't believe it
Their stats seem nearly identical. Son has better Finishing and Long shots and Crossing, while Martial has better Strength, Heading, Dribbling, Pace and Acceleration. But who's better in-game?
That's how I got him and Grillistch. Still looking for Musonda
I was wondering the same with my Neuer 95. Foster only has 2-3 better stats than him so I dropped the idea of replacing him
Are you telling me he loses Pace, dribbling, passing and overall attacking rating when he plays RM?
Your best chance is constantly searching for him on days when the Gamechangers live event is on
One of my teammates has crossed one thousand. He has completed Neymar as of yesterday. I can post a screenshot if you guys want
West Ham and Real Madrid for 15,500-15,750
That's what I decided. TT Matic's boosts are amazing and he'll play in my back up formation as I still don't have Pirlo
Then buy a 2 OVR lower player for ~300k more if you don't feel like grinding
Which 96/97 rated CAM/CDM/CB is available for under a million and also has great boosts for All?
Asus Zenfone Selfie has a 13 mpx front camera with Dual tone flash
Under 1.2 million in total I think
I expect the prices to fall once the Live Event starts
Hahah at least you're honest. And don't worry, these things happen to everyone
Hector is a LB and Lahm is a RB. You can have both at the same time
I always rewatch that scene 10 times 
>Each time DC got hit in the head, you could SEE him forgetting one of his kids' names. 


Fuck's sake that made me laugh so hard
I definitely didn't know that before. Thanks!
Is that how it works? I'm still relatively new to the game and not completely clear on how the market bot operates
Wait what? Why is the Bid price 4,000,000 then?
Don't 'rip' him, the bot has already bid 4 million
More like "Don't talk to me and my son every again"
Haha let him be, he's a bit cocky
What's happening mate?
It's not gay if you don't cuddle afterwards
Yep. Pretty unique
Agreed. "They were unlucky to lose" or "they deserved to win" is phrase very often used in sports. It's completely subjective
What did Kohli get a cheque and trophy for?
Two hundred run partnerships in a chase of 231
Dhananjaya gets the MOTM. Deservedly, I guess
109/0 at RR of over 7
Let's not forget the opening partnership of Dhawan and Rohit that allowed us to play slow cricket during the middle overs
Looked like that loss vs West Indies in the recent game. Jadeja had the opportunity to stay till the end and got out playing a stupid shot
Heart says Bhuvi, penis says Bhuvi, Brain says Bhuvi
Kohli looks well chuffed hugging Bhuvi there
I always do 😍
Fuck's sake, they might give it to Dhananjaya for his 6 wickets
>randiva 

Name checks out


Bhuvi: my hero, my mate
MAIDEN FIFTY FOR DADDY BHUVIII GIVE HIM MOTM PLEASE
Bhuvi just one run away, please give him the strike MSD
Wrong. Bhuvi is a god amongst men.
https://goo.gl/images/kwIdgV
Omggggh Bhuvi's so close to a 50!!!
4 wides incoming
>Its called strstegy. Bhuvi is taking more risk so dhoni can stay till the end.  

Called what? I'm not familiar with that word.
Move over Axar, Jadhav, Hardik and Jaddu, there's a new All-rounder in town
Hahaha Bhuvi overtakes Dhoni's score
Bhuvi MOTM I'm calling it now
Daddy Bhuvi doing a madness
Daddy Bhuvi has played almost twice as many balls as Kohli, Rahul, Jadhav, Axar and Hardik combined!
As a Chelsea fan, I look forward to finishing 6th in the league and winning Europa League with Guus Hiddink
Chelsea get Atletico and Roma. Another difficult group
Welp, Spurs' CL campaign didn't last long
Lads, what the fuck happened? I switched channels to watch UCL Draw and suddenly we're 5 down?
Ah DLS we meet again
Fuck's sake. I can't find the words to describe how I feel
A modeling agency that specializes in tattooed girls posing nude
My favorite Suicide Girl!
Just came to this sub for the first time to say that I'm so excited that I'm gonna have a hard-on for atleast a week. SOOOO HYPED!
It's nothing more than a conspiracy theory but he's just in disbelief at the whole situation so he's in denial
"Fool me once, strike one. Fool me twice, strike three."


-Wayne Gretzky 
I'm sure he doesn't mean UFC has set him up. Probably means a competitor or a hater did it.

(Again, just to be clear, I'm not agreeing with this guy)
From the other thread, tweet by Jones' teammate that Jones has been set up 
https://twitter.com/BigToneMMA/status/900172027314585600


(PS- I'm not defending Jones in any way)
Neither of them had any clear contenders at the moment and this fight would have probably sold a million PPVs
Jones' teammate says he's been set up. https://twitter.com/BigToneMMA/status/900172027314585600



Edit: don't shoot the messenger, I'm not defending Jones in any way  
Pedro, Vardy and Sterling. Any moment now
Ah okay. I'm looking to craft 2 players for profit or for boosts but there have been no leaks this week
Modeste plays in the Chinese league now so maybe he's less likely
We have one spot left. Contact u/bmatul to join
Doesn't seem well thought out. I mean it was pretty to watch with the blue flames and all but not worth all the smoke
Someone tell Man City Marketing department that flames and fireworks result in smoke
Just over 9 million according to the prices I checked a couple of hours ago
Pretty shitty luck from 200k packs. Bunch of gold and silver tokens, mostly gold players, 2-3 base elites.
It's under "Seasonal" tab so I wouldn't be so sure
Now is definitely NOT a good time to buy. The program isn't even an hour old, calm down. There's no end date for this program as of now
My PSG sold within 5 seconds for 500k
Yeah I know that now. My apologies for the confusion lads
Oh that explains it
That's confusing. I got Bernardeschi from the Free store pack and he was untradable. So I exchanged him for a PSG Elite token and sold it for 500k
I got Bernardeschi 88 from free store pack and he's untradable. I assumed the same for other 5 players
No way people are gonna be able to gain 300-500 silver tokens to get the masters by then
They're untradable
111 OVR players are dropping down to WC III division
Btw I opened two coin packs and got nothing worth mentioning. Bunch of silver tokens and gold players
For now it looks like either Gold contract trade in or Daily Free pack from the store
By grinding VS Attack
Sold one right now for Bid Price 40k and BIN 500k and sold within 5 seconds. Now my greedy mind is telling me I should've listed for over a million 😁
I have to find an upgrade on my Schuerrle soon, and I'm dreading I'll have to settle for Forsberg because Konoplyanka is too expensive for me
Went into content update just now
Yep, that was 39 mins ago
Haven't seen anything about TT coming in 10 mins, where did you read that?


Edit: nvm, just saw the sticky. 
Real Madrid and West Ham for 15,250-15,750
Is con is the opposite of pro, then what's the opposite of Constitution?
hey its me ur tinder match
490k the last time I checked a couple of days ago
There's no information regarding that in-game
No need for the attitude. I think he means the rewards for completing Powerade plans
Holding on to 3 Rüdigers because I think 53k is way too low for him. Should go back up to 80-90k after the event
I think these fights become less about the money and more about ego. Neither one of the persons wants to back off and walk away from the fight.
Can never find him on the market unfortunately :/
Here in India, a passenger and a bus driver got in a massive argument over 3 rupees and one of them stabbed the other one. Read about it in the news some time ago.
Many headers from crosses. And usually I hit the post 2-3 times a game but this time they all went in
What about Rüdiger? He's down to 52k right now. Do you think he'll go back up to 75-85k?
Went from 96 to 98. Crafted Manolas and Lacazette, bought Tolisso, upgraded Neuer from TOTS to UTOTS, got Cesc, Dier, Schmelzer, El Shaarawy, and a bunch more players to upgrade other formations.
It was crazy! We scored the first 9 goals at the same time. Every chance was going in. Then I scored 2 more in the last 15 seconds
North of Russia, where it usually is
It refreshes every 48 hours
1-0

1-1

1-2

2-2

2-3

3-3

4-3 
Same, except I was hoping for Arsenal to lose
Yeah but without the e ki matra, it spells "shavay". That means a dead body
What a header. I'm slightly gay for Giroud
OH FUCK 4-3 KMN
Let me just say I hope Piers Morgan dies today
I'm Indian, I know how it's supposed to be. They should've checked with a native speaker first
The way his artist butchered it, it now says "shavay" meaning dead body instead of "Shivay" meaning the god Shiva
Supposed to be the Sanskrit phrase "Namah Shivaay" but his artist butchered it
What would be easy to explain is Jamie Vardy turned down the chance to join Arsenal
*Arse-anal
Talking of Walcott, I'm assuming everyone's seen his horrendously mispelled Sanskrit tattoo?
Hahah Ozil
Mostly "blud" and "fam". Similar to that girl on twitter who's vegan meal consisted of raw onions and tomatoes
Yep, that was a 1-3 loss.
Sell Lingard for 100m and buy Vardy for 90
Arsenal to do a hattrick of Opening day losses?

15/16: Arsenal 0-2 West Ham

16/17: Arsenal 3-4 Liverpool

17/18: Arsenal 2-3 Leicester 
Then why is the 2nd Master not in your starting XI?
Oh he's that expensive? A month ago when I bought him, he was under 1 million
Yes I'm in India
Glad I unsubscribed it months ago. Any place that automatically bans anyone offering a different opinion is an echo chamber.
>It's sad when the left blindly and openly supports such a misogynistic statement

Agreed. There's no place for misogyny towards Saudi *princes*
2 birds with one stone. As an Indian, I'm proud of him/her
Steven Smith- Captain. Leader. Feminist.
This is nearly the same thing as when those two Arsenal supporters argued on twitter whether a player is 28 or 29. Good times
r/atethepasta
[You sure?](https://imgur.com/a/LHebg)
Sony Liv app
I'm not racist but it's quite cold today
Walt dies.
[A good competition for the most vulgar penis cake](https://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/60w0sk/i_work_at_a_bakery_we_got_a_unique_cake_order)
15% seems crazy low to me. I would've guessed something close to 40-50%. But I agree, we don't have all the stats on how the drop rates exactly work
All depends on luck I guess. I opened about 10 yesterday and got 6 Easter and 1 Carniball
In my experience, VS attack has a very decent drop rate of Throwback tokens
That rhymed
It's not just FIFA, I have the UFC game too and it won't even let me login- "Can't connect to EA servers" error
A bunch of players in our league lost all 3 turns due to errors. I couldn't even grind VS attack because of it
MAKE THE SADNESS MORE SEEABLE (Am I doing this right?)
Hi, I'm Date Mike. Nice to meet me!
u/bmatul please don't kick us out of the next tourney because of this shit. This isn't really in our control :(

[Proof](https://imgur.com/a/m3gr9)
Just lost 2 of my 3 chances due to Connection lost error. Fuck this fucking piece of shit game and fuck EA devs in the ass with a chainsaw
Joke's on you, I don't use Facebook and always look like the 2nd picture
Real and West Ham are available for 15,500-15,750 
No matter who it is, you won't find a 98 rated GK easy to come by.
Off topic but 98 rated Courtois is insane! I only have 10 Fame tokens so chances of me getting him are zero.
FUCK'S SAKE, 98 rated Courtois!!!!!
My app just went into a Content update a few seconds ago so this might be it
Yep that's what I thought. I'll still wait to check if the upgraded version of Courtois is comparable to Neuer and if it's achievable for me. Neuer's price has massively inflated.
I currently have 94 TOTS Neuer and have almost enough coins to buy his 95 TOTS card. I have a half and half PL/Bundesliga squad. Do you think 94 Courtois will be a better option than 95 Neuer?
Will he be worth it considering he only boosts Easter players?
Lawler's corner yelling "BOY GOT NO LIVER" about Cerrone at UFC 214 made me chuckle
Which players does Easter Courtois boost?
All my stamina will go into these events, after I've done some VS grinding, taken my 3 turns in LvL, and some other events like Warm Up, Blue start training, etc. I've been on a hot streak in the Wembley event and have packed Rüdiger, Fabregas x2, Özil, and Lacazette within the last few hours. Again, this is all contingent on whether there's a Retro star that I want.
He actually scored the winning penalty vs PSG couple years ago so I might be tempted to 🤔
I'm going to keep grinding both 3 and 5 stamina events. In my estimation, I could get upto a million coins in 6 days*



*Unless they give a high rated GK in Retro event.
Would absolutely love Courtois LM tbf. His shooting is on point 
In my personal experience, I prefer Heading because it boosts both CBs and STs and massively improves chances from crosses out wide and corners.
Ah how did I not check Crouch only boosts PL. No brainer then.
Anyway, can you please check if Crouch 74 ST (the one we got earlier for scoring 10k free kicks) has better boosts than Alex Alegria GC? 
I was using an older excel sheet before this one came out. It's somewhere in the resources in r/futmobile . I don't know if that one's less accurate now 
Fuck sake, my laptop has been broken for 5 days and I really wanna see this sheet properly and alter my team 
Also pretty sure the girl in picture is Gal Gadot
.........fuck.
>increasing breast cancer chances by 49%. 


What if u/loimographia is male? Check-mate science!
It's all supply and demand. Before Global Tour they were giving Qualifiers Live Event almost every day, and my listings of flags for 13k were not getting sold. 
I'm going for Lahm as I have a half and half PL/Bundesliga team and I play 4-4-2 so his +CRO will boost my LM/RM
This hit a little too close to home
Haha I've had a Twitter account with that name for a couple of years
Hey what up guys its CescOffender
It's all a guessing game right now. My guess is that we'll have a big update reflecting new kits, all the transfers that have taken place, and some player cards will be altered/removed (for example- Matic Chelsea Team Hero), and maybe improvements on VS Attack.
In India we call them "cold drinks"
I agree, that's the sole reason I went for Lahm and not Lampard
To be fair I watched the fight and I felt Zulpikar won it clearly. Vijender was clearly the slower man in the later rounds and then Zulpikar broke his nose. 
Bayern won against Chelsea too
Yes, 5 wins is a fair expectation. So 5 tokens + 2 from Live events + 2 from Year token trade in = 9.

I'm saying that because I don't expect to spend a lot of coins on this. I started Legacy trade in late so in 4 weeks I'll have my Lahm 🙏 
You can get 7 tokens from LvL wins and 1/2 tokens from live event every week. Plus 25 Year token trade in. So it's not a must to spend that much money
Real Madrid and West Ham tokens are available for 15,500-16,000, just fyi
Why would you need 1 million coins?
Not a lot of coins. Just plenty of LVL grinding. You can get 8-9 club tokens every week (granted you win every LVL match) and you can use Year token trade in on top of that.
Are you serious right now? Which part of EOE plan requirements is difficult for you to complete? Worst case scenario, even if you start today, you'll have a EOE player in 5 weeks!
Regarding 7. Corners- I have a decent conversion rate from corners. Or atleast I used to, before they changed my corner kick taker to Hazard, who happens to be the best header of the ball on my team. This is infuriating!
In theory there shouldn't be a difference besides the guaranteed Jet token, but from my experience I've felt Live event has better drop rates than Prematch 
BUTTLICKER!!! OUR PRICES HAVE NEVER BEEN LOWER!!!
Do I Wanna Know by Arctic Monkeys
Yeah I didn't say we should declare
Philander and Morris out according to Cricbuzz. Huge loss for SA, especially Vernon
Kohli doesn't like to enforce the follow-on. India will surely bat again
MRW I see profiles like these https://i.imgur.com/0FCsUIC.jpg
Yeah my bad I misinterpreted his original comment
I meant the Hazard position Token exchange, that costs 1 Elite trophy.
>The chances to pull seven without bundles is pretty low.

What did you mean by that? As of now, 11 free Jet Tokens are available.


Is Laca 94 better than Costa 95 POTM? I have Costa boosted to 98 rn 
Are you joking? I'm totally f2p and I have 9 Jet Tokens. Unlocked 5 matches, and 4 guaranteed tokens for Live events.
Also from Token exchange
I got lucky, but yes it is doable without any spending. I kept grinding the Live Event and somehow got extremely lucky, pulled El Shaarawy, Khedira and Manolas from consecutive packs. And I've unlocked all events so I had the jet tokens
Dybala 95 you mean?
It is because it's easy to craft
Hoping for Tolisso. Managed to craft Manolas within an hour today with a huge amount of luck. If I get Tolisso 95 rated or above, I'll be a happy man
Started about 2 months ago. 97 OVR and 3 96 formations
Definitely not Cesc. It'll be Özil I think
I have 96 OVR and I'm at 676,000 fans. Hoping to get to Leg III in the next 2 days
Close to zero.
I'm going to guess Tolisso. We have a RWB, CB and CAM. There will definitely be a GK, an ST and a CM in the remaining Masters.
You can grind the event to get players or you can buy them from the market
The total current price of 4 players right now is around 1.5 million
I'm tracking prices daily and there's about a 10% decrease every day. I'm planning to wait a couple more days to see the remaining Masters and then craft one
Oh! I didn't know about that
Why 5 weeks? You can just buy the club tokens from the market if you have coins
He's likely severely concussed. Let's not get overly critical
He kicked the wax off DC's face
Great fight. Congrats Jones
Quite possibly 20-18 DC
"DC" chants?
DC is fighting much better than I expected
DC 10-9 imo. Could be wrong
Both trying to ruin each other's knees
KNOCKED THE MOUTHGUARD OFF
Lol no he would point fight Woodley like their 1st fight
Bring guys like Cerrone and Masvidal to create fresh fights imo
Via Helwani's twitter:

Just asked @GeorgesStPierre what he thought of that fight. His response: 

"I want @bisping and Bisping wants me."
We need Rory back in the UFC to take the belt off this man
And we just saw a 25 minute long reminder for why that's the case
Boo, boo this man
2 judges gave Maia one round, good enough for me
Terrible fight for Maia (as predicted) but Woodley has somehow managed to lose even more fans. Now watch him beg for a big money fight vs GSP/Nick Diaz
I'd be surprised if Maia gets even one round
I'm not trying to sound like a hater but Woodley being the champion of quite possibly the most stacked division in the UFC makes me sad.
Woodley said before the fight that a win vs Maia won't do much for him. But even then, he's trying to make it as boring as possible and losing even more fans in the process. Should just go out trying to get the KO
He got warned by Herb Dean in the very first minute
5 point deduction for Woodley for lack of activity /s 
Bring back Condit to fight Woodley
At this point Maia's just trying to not get KOd in disgrace and Woodley's padding his TDD stats
30-27
Look at Woodley's limbs. I doubt Maia can twist him like he did to Condit, Nelson, Brown, etc. Wonderman really should've beaten Woodley
Woodley should just go get himself some fans
You know you've had a shit fight when 'Octagon Control' is your best (only) scoring aspect   
20-18 Woodley. Matter of time before he finishes this
Maia would be lucky to get a 50-45 x3
I blame Wonderman for not beating Woodley. Maia vs Thompson would've been unreal
Maia is somehow doing worse than I expected. This really is a bad fight stylistically for him
RIP Maia daddy
Woodley is THICC
10-9 Woodley?
One eyed, exhausted Maia is not going to take Woodley down :(
Maia is somehow several inches taller than Woodley
Woodley is chiselled af. RiP daddy Maia :'(
2nd title fight for Maia, 7 years after his first
If (big if), Maia manages to win here, I'm going to wank myself into a coma
At least she's actually a Featherweight
She's as much of a lamb as say Renan Barao would be against McGregor.
Okay now I'm officially pissing my pants because I can see Maia getting knocked out cold by Woodley.
Respect to Evinger for taking it to the 3rd round
I'd still like to see her fight Megan Anderson
She got a knockdown within 10 seconds
Dom and Joe taking pot shots at GdR
Massive credit to Evinger, but if you saw a men's Featherweight fight a blown up Bantamweight, you'd call that unfair too
50-45 x3 is best case scenario for Evinger
Evinger is a bantamweight from Invicta. 
Evinger is not even a Featherweight. You can't make a new division with one fighter
Massive credit to Evinger for surviving the round. I would've pissed my pants
This is going to get ugly. Stop feeding lambs to Cyborg
Cyborg with her knockdowns and Evinger with her takedowns
Takedowns for 25 mins
TAKEDOWN HYPE
Make it a handicap fight with Evinger + Megan Anderson vs Cyborg
Knockdown already lmao
"Triple Threat" yeah no
The Iron Lady
I forgot de Randamie would rather relinquish the belt than defend it.
The number of strikes was nearly equal
Get them fighting as the main event to decide the challenger for Maia's belt
Cerrone deffo won the 2nd, 1st and 3rd are a toss up
"BOY GOT NO LIVER"
FATAL 4WAY!
19-19 for me. 20-18 for Cerrone possibly
God I love this! Can we get Condit, Lawler, Cerrone and Wonderboy to fight each other every week?
Would love to see Cerrone just casually triangle choke him
Ruthless going HAM on Cerrone
HAHAHAH THAT WAS QUICK
Ortega says he was close to missing weight and considered cutting his hair to make weight
Ho lee shit he got lit up like a Christmas tree
If this fight ends in a draw, the two fighters will have a tug of war with the ref's moustache braids
Sick facial hair on this ref
One judge gave a 10-8 round
Thank you for making us aware of your birthplace, Sterling
Post Dillashaw Barao is no good
Pettis still manages to win some fights. Barao just looks like a ghost 
He killed his soul too
TJ Dillashaw happened
Barao never looked closed to decent since TJ smashed him twice
For real?
Lovely hard knees to the hip
This explains why Barao doesn't let anyone take him down
Every time Joe explains a submission attempt, he ends up cursing it 
Barao taken down for the first time in his UFC career?
Loved that soccer kick 
Sterling had beef with Meisha's boyfriend
WHAT A FIGHT! Loved every bit of it
Well this fight has been fucking amazing
T-city aka Triangle-city
Guys please, how long til the next fight starts? I wanna go quickly make some noodles
Do we have a 15-20 min break now? 
Albu gets the win and thousands of fans
Beach volleyball?
Give these girls FOTN bonus. Goddamn they've left it all out there
Albu doesn't believe in defense
Extremely fun fight and full of action (This is how you gain fans, Brooks)
Albu looks half a weightclass bigger than Curran
Illegal kick?
"I was with you bro"
Missed half the round, who won?
"WATCH ME!!!"
Stop saying "Watch me"
Atleast he admits he fought poorly