I'm happy for Sevilla, first time past the ro16 since 1958 (and we thought we were unlucky in champions league) also if not for Nasri being a total cunt last year and ruining their chances then they probably would have gotten past Leicester
is yours the one with the red (instead of green) design too? that's the one i'm using and still got the email 😶
LG shit the bed with the 5x and google still decided to use them again for the 2xl, terrible decision
Lol I'm american and didn't even know the super bowl was today until I noticed it on the tv at the gym. I enjoy watching College football once in a while but NFL is about as satisfying as watching paint dry for me. 
https://photos.app.goo.gl/uRZ5z9TF0UBZctGv1
Also a lot less physically tiring on the players
I could be wrong but I think it launched on nougat and didn't have an oled screen. Also priced very very high.
It still annoys me how they pronounce bellerin with a hard 'l' sound, mostly because I have a similar last name that also gets butchered depsite having very straight forward spelling.
It's weird because I went from hating Chelsea almost as much as United but then they got Conte who's very likeable/respectable as a manager, spurs started playing amazing (thus I went from not caring about them to hating them again) Mourinho went to United (making them 10x more detestable) add to that man city buying the league and Liverpool fans becoming unbearably smug this season. I feel like Chelsea has become like 5/6th on the list of teams I hate. As long as their recent record against us doesn't improve then I wish Oli all the best, if someone has to win the fa cup other than us then I hope it's them (fingers crossed Conte can then leave Chelsea on a high immediately after, take a break for one year, then come back and replace AW the season after next).
I think that Samsung doesn't have too much bloat now but LG still does. Also OnePlus has a really nice Android skin that isn't bloated imo. Who knows maybe companies like blackberry and Nokia that have recently started making Android phones will start making some competent decisions and become competitors to Samsung/LG/Sony but even if they don't Samsung isn't the only choice if you want a decent phone that still gives you an audio jack
Left in the dust? Do you even know how audio works? The flac files on my computer/phone would need Bluetooths bitrate to triple in size in order to play without distortion. I'm not saying I have perfect ears and I'm sure 320Kbps or whatever Bluetooth has reached isn't good enough for me but that's not true for a lot of other people so you can't really argue that worse quality audio is going to leave people in the dust
HTC's worst year in the past decade, one of  Motorola's worst years (specifically due to their flagships), Samsung mobile's best year on record despite the note 7 fiasco, something tells me a lot of people buying Android's care about the headphone jack.
or.. y'know... we could just buy phones that still include them
It's always gonna be brushed aside because of the quality of the Scottish league but Rodgers' Celtic were invincibles last season.
Oh wow I completely forgot about that EL final. Also the FA cup final was against a really good Chelsea team.
You can hold onto my Giroud kit for the next 6 months too
the kit can be size XL but that does not mean it is a great kit, likewise a kit can be great without being size XL 
Tbf to spurs, despite focusing mostly on qualifying for champions league most seasons they still went to two league cup finals and 3 fa cup semi finals in the time since winning their last cup (also made it to the quarter finals of the champions league in that time). What's most concerning is that I remember Liverpool fans celebrating their 2012 league cup win because it ended their "at the time" trophy drought of not winning anything since 2006. I hate spurs but Liverpool's 1 league cup in 12 years is a worse stat imo considering the expectations of a club that big. Tottenham haven't won anything but they've played amazing football lately despite being considerable financial underdogs.
Im curious which is better, regular phone calls forwarded to you or VoIP for Google voice?

Bluetooth earbuds also drain phone battery at the same time, I don't have anything against people buying Bluetooth earbuds but personallly they're not for me. I'm not cheap one or anything I just like keeping my life simple and I am constantly switching in between listening to music on my laptop and my phone (with regular headphones this takes 2 seconds to do). This trend is user hostile and really all it's doing is limiting the amount of choice I have in choosing phones (assuming it will still be a choice 5 years down the line).
I think you and me are making the same argument?
Aside from the first fa cup (where we still had to beat Tottenham and an in-form Liverpool)  I'd say none of them were too easy. Had to beat Man U away for the second cup and then Chelsea/City for the third.
Im confused how does iMessage stay encrypted since your phone can be turned off and still use iMessage?
Do roku's have cast-functionality built in?
I mean I don't want to spend time arguing on the internet but feel free to check back in with me in 10 years haha
I meant to put sponsorship revenues rather than revenues as a whole
Just off the top of my head (and not naming any midfielders/defenders) I would say Neymar, Bale, Hazard, Kane (even though I hate him he's good), Suarez, Lewandowski, Dybala, Costa, Griezmann, Cavani, CR7, Messi, and last but not least Aubameyang ;)
There brand is excellent but Manchester is no London. Arsenal will most likely leapfrog them in revenues in the coming years.
Easily
One of the best players in the world is a big stretch..
Poor one out for replaceable batteries 😔 *meant for the comment below you
It's just weird considering every year Sanchez has been with us we've finished ahead of United so it's not exactly a step up for him, sure they look better this year and are playing ucl football but Mourinho will only last another season tops and then whoever they bring in after him will be a roll of the dice. Arsenal on the other hand will be bringing in massive revenue if they end up getting Adidas and a new shirt sponsor next year, they have brought in some top class people behind the scenes like mislintat and Wenger will surely stick around in some sort of executive role after he quits managing which will add stability to the club that man u sorely lacked after Fergie retired. Honestly the club has a pretty bright future as opposed to Tottenham that will lose all their players soon or Chelsea who's owner could easily wake up one day and find all his assets have been frozen.
We became smoke-free just a few years ago what are you talking about?
Oh man that'd be interesting if we faced off against Dortmund in Europa league then since they can't use Giroud
With Walcott gone too I'm wondering who we're going to play in Europa (auba is cup tied for ucl and Wilshere and amn are in the first team now) so who would make up our b team? That being said if we keeping being shit in the league we might have to shift our focus to winning Europa.
Same, ended up going back to my pixel 1 due to this
I think apple did it just to save R&D money they would have needed to spend on water-proofing, given that Samsung and LG figured out how to water-proof without removing the headphone jack they'll never remove it (if they're smart), I personally will not buy a phone without the headphone jack and will gladly give my money to Samsung/OnePlus
Also best finish in the league
Probably the lack of YouTube red to go along with gpm
5 billion times every seconds as well
What options are you referring to?
Also is there anyway to use lightning headphones with a computer/Android?
Def agreed, I bought an og pixel XL and thought I'd never buy a non-google phone again but after seeing google try and be Apple's mini-me with every move they make I think the only phone I can see myself buying down the line is Samsung
Ox too :(
Alexis didn't get that memo
Pretty sure he threw the fa cup in order to rest players for the league cup.. honestly when you consider that they have a chance to qualify for champions league through the Europa league as well then focusing on the fa cup would just be ridiculous due to the fixture pileup.
He just wants to be #1 at everything gosh
Lol I had an iPhone/iMessage for years, in terms of features it's not as good as WhatsApp, last time I was home I just downloaded WhatsApp on all my relatives phones and now that's all they use, also I would just send my friends URLs to join WhatsApp groups and that made it really easy for them to switch over.
I mean no one here really has money to give since we're students but I don't see how people who have lost all their stuff in the fire couldn't use old Xbox's/PlayStations/headphones. Also I have lots of clothes that I've never even worn (half of them still  have tags on them) because they didn't fit me, not exactly old ratty clothes with holes and stains...
I think Android plus Mac makes the most sense honestly, osx and Linux are both built on Unix so lots of similar command lines and the file pathway/structure (not sure of the terminology) is very familiar and easy to use if you're used to Macs.
Gboard has a ton of features that took a while for me to realize, sliding your finger on the spacebar turns it into a cursor and sliding left from the backspace button deletes things in chunks instead of one at a time.
It would slow down the game, I forget which tournament they used it in recently but it genuinely made the game less enjoyable to watch (albeit they were clearly testing it out and I'm sure it will be ironed out by the time it gets to the premier league)
Same boat, I had the Apple music free trial and stopped using it after about a day, it was pretty bad.
I'm why I said we'd be in 2nd not 1st, obviously city are just on a different level performance wise this year
yeah but it's not easy for people like my mom/grandma you know and they're probably the majority of the people buying the devices.
I'm not a fan of Amazon but why does apple not get any criticism here too? They don't sell Chromecast's or roku's or firesticks in apple stores (so why would Amazon sell Apple's stuff on its store) and Apple music/iTunes don't support any streaming devices that aren't apple TV's. Apple doesn't put iMessage on windows or Android and they don't let you read ebooks you've bought from them on anything other than an iPad. Amazon is pretty bad but the precedent was definitely set by Apple years ago in my opinion.
Have you used an Amazon tablet? The things are practically useless from a productivity standpoint because you can't access the Android app store you can only access Amazon's app store
I benefited because it prompted me to cancel my Amazon prime and now i don't waste 20 minutes a day shopping for things I don't need.
Honestly after having Amazon prime for a year I cancelled it since their video streaming service was worthless to me (not being able to stream on TV and also having their movies for rent/purchase displayed alongside their prime shows was terrible UX), their music service was beyond worthless (also couldn't be streamed to my Chromecast or my speakers and the catalog of songs was really tiny), they got rid of their unlimited cloud storage and reduced it to 5GB which rendered that useless if you already use Google drive/Dropbox, and last but not least every single thing I ordered off their store ended up arriving 1 or 2 days later than the "2-day" shipping window it just feels like they're a company that tries to do everything at once but everything they do is extremely mediocre or just badly done.
Google ecosystem? I use Google services primarily because I don't want to be tied down to an ecosystem (Android phone, windows and Mac laptops) 
Just curious but why do you buy your phone through your carrier if this is an issue?
This one just hurts because it was at the end but the Watford, Stoke, and man u games were all decided by shit refereeing too, it's sad how Wenger gets shit on so much when we could easily be 2nd right if not for our shit luck.
Oh yeah absolutely definitely agree

I think you misread, I was referencing real football not american football
I think United might have the biggest wage bill actually
Umm no it doesn't, spurs have been miles better than United and Liverpool the past few seasons, liecester are no where to be found on here, city has won 1 title in 7 years now. I think that money obviously plays the largest role in determining success but it isn't the only thing.
It's just an opinion man so I'm not false and neither are you since you're opinion is probably better formed if you watch a lot of NFL which I don't. To me it doesn't seem like nfl fans have a real connection to the team the same way you see in football (i.e. most football clubs were started by a group of guys who got together around the turn of the century and just started playing for fun, it was a game for the working-class man and even though the sport has drifted a lot away from its roots you still see the clubs and fans alike take pride in turning out academy players from the local area and the rivalries are usually between teams from the same town. I think college football in America has that same type of following but the NFL is just all suped up and commercialized and, at least for me, that makes it boring. Also I know Boston and Chicago are both huge sports towns too, would love to see a few games there once in my life.
Damn that's a bummer to hear
In case anyone doesn't know about it I highly recommend using Google voice for 2FA
I wonder if you cloned pep and had his clone manage man u how even the two teams would be. De Gea and Pogba are the only two standout players I could see walking onto the man city team but at the same time so many players at City have improved under pep and maybe that would be the same at United (i.e. underperformers like mikhytarian would up their game)
Yeah the constant commercials just kill the flow of the game unlike football where it's nonstop for 45 minutes straight, the few college games I've watched in person were only doable because you just get trashed before the game and it makes the time fly by.
As an American I've never understood how people can watch the NFL it's just so over commercialized and it seems like fans have no real connections to their teams (even the teams have hardcore support like Oakland, previously located in LA, end up moving around constantly to the point that it's just a joke. I guess that explains why american football at the college level has gotten so popular lately because people are starting to not give a shit about the nfl.
Where the hell does pool get the money is what I want to know... jesus christ they just paid £75 million pounds on VVD.
I played around with my friends and the UI was just a nightmare to use and even though it's been mentioned before a million times, the little notch at the top is just so darn ugly (the camera bump on the back is an even worse eye-sore for me personally but that stuff is all suggestive). Overall I think the pixel 2 XL looks a lot nicer just wish it had the headphone jack still, I'm gonna stick to my og pixel XL until this thing dies on me.  
Shit I'm at home from uni for winter break rn didn't think I'd hear that phrase for another few weeks lol
Port your number to google voice for Hangouts integration
Well you don't own the music you add from Apple music so no that's not allowed.
Lol at a party a few weeks ago I give this chick my number and she goes to text me immediately so that way I would have her number too... literally looked disgusted after the green bubble popped up on her screen, she's just like  "how come you don't have iMessage setup on your phone, it's not an Android is it?" My takeaway from that interaction is holy shit people can be so brainwashed by marketing and advertising these days, Apple is pretty much a fashion company these days.
Pretty much..I feel like the people who can't go 20 seconds without mentioning the color of someone's skin are either A: just thinking racist shit in their head constantly, hence they bring it up all the time or B: just really boring and have nothing interesting to talk about.
Well he's French, so he gets a few freebie affairs before you can call him a cheater.
Interesting, sounds like they are pretty set honestly. The owner's pocketbook seems to be unlimited whereas other teams like Chelsea can no longer afford to spend insane amounts.
On paper they're making profit because their owner is using the Etihad group to cover their losses by sponsoring them and paying for stadium naming rights, did you not know about that?
Won't financial fairplay affect city at some point in the future? They can't just lose money forever right? 
I mean that makes sense, google is gonna have way fatter profit margins than the company making your ssd and I'm sure the hardware minimization in the pixel 2 adds a little to the cost as well.
The newest generation of flash storage is actually very expensive, you see laptops priced the same way when it comes to storage (also they gotta keep those profit margins ridiculously big so they can fund all their stupid and un-needed ad campaigns lol)
Wow this makes me feel less bad about not paying for Spotify
Turning off background data and location helped a lot but disabling an app's features in order to use it is kind of sad for a company as big as Snapchat
Just donate to developers you like/appreciate Francisco franco has some good free apps with in-app purchase options
Personally I would recommend listening to every a16z episode regardless of the topic (a16z stands for Andreesen-Horrowitz) this one just happens to center on data science so it's relavent to this sub.
Https://i.imgur.com/ZDm3x61.jpeg here's my Christmas present to myself (the comp; been holding onto the sticker for a while)
if it's anything like flood insurance then yeah (was mostly kidding and don't know anything about fire insurance tbh)
as an act. science major all I can think is rip to the fire insurance companies that are covering all those multi-million dollar mansions 😳
What do you want to do for work after college? I honestly don't know what job a feminist studies degree would get you but if you go your degree in something like say econ or history and double majored in fem studies or had a minor in fem studies  you'd probably have pretty good options for grad school and more job opportunities.
Wenger could probably be making twice as much managing PSG, I doubt he's really in it for the money, moreover arsenal is paying him that much to keep him at the club because he's been so valuable for them and they have to entice him to stay somehow (the 2011/12 season comes to mind; how many other managers could have gotten us into the champions league with that shit of a squad, also 2012/13 squad was pretty shit too and he got us CL football again that year)
Well...fuck
Imagine if debuchy hadn't gone to shit (not hating on him just the injuries dicked him) he would have had such sweet connections with Giroud and they'd probably have been playing together on the NT too so their partnership would have developed a lot over time (unless memory serves me wrong and debuchy was never good at crossing I just remember him being a big improvement over sagna in that department)
I use Hangouts for Google voice, but yeah I think Google Hangouts will eventually be phased out entirely
If I use Hangouts/google voice for texting will I ever get rcs 😶
They literally bull dozed an 800 year old village to mine for coal in Germany, that country is a prime example of what not to do in combating climate change
Running on all that clean coal-produced electricity ;)
Yeah I only brought it up because the last 3 summers in a row they've spent really really big and have been terrible in the league, prior to that they went about 5/6 years punching above their weight in terms of investment (aside from maybe Berbatov (we can pretend van Persie didn't exist 😢)  who did they really splash the cash on during Fergies final years)
Except lemar 😑🔫
What the hell happened to Monaco this year?
Well for how much United has spent I wouldn't really say they've had a return on their investment. If they finish ahead of us it will be the first time in 4 years. I can't see Mourinho lasting more than 1 more season so they'll probably have to pay him a huge severance package and then take a gamble on their next coach. On the other hand Madrid have spent huge and have been incredibly successful and you could say the same for Barcelona too so I definitely agree that we have to spend more to compete, but there are steep diminishing returns in the transfer market so how much more we need to spend probably isn't that much.
Pretty sure the kit deal with Adidas that's supposedly happening will be worth more than even United's so we definitely can afford to compete (especially when you consider that clubs like Chelsea and man city can't keep losing money forever and will eventually have to buy within their means)
Hmm maybe this is a prophecy that we'll steal alderweild (probly butchered his name) from spurs and go undefeated again
https://youtu.be/SJUhlRoBL8M
Gotta be honest Matic's elbow looked very intentional but there's no way the ref could have seen it in real time, honestly Mourinho's teams are a cancer to football, they play so damn dirty
If anything just be proud of the performance, we weren't in the title race so in the grand scheme of things this doesn't matter but at least Pogba is out and United can get fucked next weekend.
Lukaku fouled Kos if anything
Did he get punished for those? I'm still astonished that Lukaku didn't get banned for his kick out last weekend.
Fuck yes, doubt we'll come back but after he said he wanted man city's players injured I'm so happy Pogba is out
They were still first after that 5-1 loss, then came the 6-0 loss to Chelsea 😢 and quite a few more losses after that...
Liverpool got lucky with their officiating today and so did United
You... I don't like you
thanks for the info again that's awesome, looking forward to researching more I definitely want to make use of final cut pro since I got it bundled with some other apps for a steep discount about a year ago but I always thought I'd have to upgrade to a laptop with discrete graphics in order to really use it
Probably better off just using bootcamp or parallels I think 👍
Yeah that's what I had figured, also I didn't know you could use egpus with thunderbolt 2 thanks for the info!
Do these support external gpu's?
As long as they lose at least one game ;)
The worst is the loud popping sound when removing the adapter did you have that issue too?
Did you go to a good school? I'm in a pretty similar situation gpa-wise (although for my major-related courses my gpa is fairly high) but I'm just hoping that my school's pedigree will compensate for the bad grades.
Yes they would run better on the mbp mainly because the air is using the same Intel chips that the 2015 air used afaik so you'll be essentially buying a 2 & 1/2 year old MacBook air but for a few hundred dollars less than a MacBook pro with a Skylake chip. I just bought my mom the 2017 MacBook air and it's been perfect for her but it doesn't sound like it'd be a good fit for you
Oh shit yeah I was just looking at the first one..I'd say best bet is to get it done at a repair shop, google charges apple prices for everything so replacing it through them will be at least $200+
Obviously it's an eyesore I'm just curious if the screen is actually not working now? When I had iPhones the screens would crack constantly but they'd still be useable at least.
Add headphone jack, also add a USB c to USB a cable in the box and earbuds, have white bezels for the white phones like the og pixel had, also have a blue color option for the XL (and yes I know this will never happen 😢) also go back to 16:9 for the XL, personally think 18:9 is a really bad look.
How has it rendered the screen useless? Just curious.
I usually just YouTube Al Jazeera and BBC for news since they upload their stuff by the hour, but yeah if Netflix could start streaming sports that'd be amazing it kind of sucks not being able to watch the premier league/champions league at home
Oh true well you guys get way better warranties from what I hear
Same I thought it was a really awesome product but I watch TV only on the weekends and usually what I'm watching is on Netflix, live TV just doesn't really have the content that people want nowadays aside from sports.
I got my pixel XL for $400 brand new, it's still got the headphone jack, great camera, and running 8.1 , for $650 I don't think you got a good deal on the essential phone dude 😬
Not trying to bore anyone to death but currently studying data science and risk assessment, 80% of inflation in the United States (and I'm sure a similar figure in Europe) can be attributed to health care, education, and construction. Every year these clubs delay building their stadiums is basically masochistic behavior
Windows 10 is free?
Oh yeah I'm retarded, I was thinking prices were just higher like in Australia/Europe, really no workaround for the exchange rate
Do US phones not work on Canadian phone carriers? I feel like it would be quite easy to just buy a phone off ebay or have a friend in the states buy you a phone?
Yeah I have a rec cen locker too I might just only use that in the future just because last weekend girvetz was locked (I'm assuming because of the holiday weekend) and I was shit out of luck trying to get my binders/notebooks to study, with the rec cen they put up a schedule when things will be closed so I won't be caught off guard at least
I think the default for Canadian assistant is actually "sorry google but do you mind..."
He did an interview on the freakonomics podcast it was great I highly recommend it 👍
Wow if this works (and it seems to be so far) I'm naming my first born son RustySpackleford
Yeah it was cool last weekend I was at Santa Cruz Friday night and Sunday night and Berkeley Saturday night and had wifi the whole time.... except it would occasionally go to 💩 just like it does at UCSB and I'd have to toggle wifi on/off to get it working again. Luckily another poster seems to have fixed the issue for me!
How loud they get compared to regular 3.5mm Apple airpods 
So you get on UCSB secure with Android? I never tried just figured we could only use eduroam - https://setup.wireless.ucsb.edu/help/browser-check-android-6x-mobile-eduroam
They really need to revamp the play music app, if only you could select multiple songs at once the same way you can select files in drive or emails in Gmail as opposed to choosing them one by one.
Ooh thanks I'll check it out
Liverpool is Reek
Yeah Ive always known that
Oh yeah I haven't been able to get Android File transfer to recognize my phone now that I think of it, I thought my USB cable was broken this whole time
What is MTP?
Francisco Franco (also honorable mention for Matias Duarte; he's not an app developer but still a great designer)
They actually shit on Apple a ton, you're describing probably half the sub while the other half doesn't hold back, I haven't gone on there in a long time though just because the only Apple product I own anymore is my macbook and the only thing that ever gets posted seems to be about iPhones iPads Apple music or various iOS apps so it wasn't relevant to me at all
I just got mine a few weeks ago, even though it's quite overpriced i'm still happy with it. It's a premium Android tablet and will likely get some continued software support by Google and probably won't lose it's resale value for quite a long time so worse case scenario is you can always resell it if you don't like it 👍
what do you typically use the ipad for? my biggest gripe is that most of the things I use my tablet for wouldn''t be possible on ios without rooting, so even though Apple has better hardware, longer support, and arguably better pricing options, I just wouldn't have much use for an ipad because everything is so restricted
Haha did they at least give you the free case live case promo? (I think they want us to feel all happy because those cases retail for $50 but in reality they're way overpriced to begin with and probably cost them $2 to make so it's not much consolation 🙃)
Lol just my luck
I ordered a white Pixel 2 (non XL) it was pretty much the only model not sold out when I placed the order but in retrospect maybe that was naive to order the model available as opposed to wait for the model I wanted (the black non-XL version) I think I ordered it around the 15th/16th.
Yep it's too bad nextbit couldn't stay alive I feel like they would have been successful if they hadn't focused so much on the cloud computing gimmick
TMobile one plan only I'm pretty sure
I talked to the TMobile customer service and they said I could do that (join now; add phone later) since my pixel 2 shipment keeps getting delayed... but I'm still going to wait until I have the device before activating the account so I don't risk screwing up the promotion. The phone isn't even for me it's for my brother but $325 off + a free google home mini and free live case (thrown in to make up for the shipping delays) = pretty amazing value. I'm pretty stunned TMobile was able to pull this off but it definitely worked in getting me to switch carriers and get on my family's one plan
Lonzo is the future
He also finished 6th after spending millions of £'s and playing extremely boring football, honestly last season was not impressive in the slightest for United
Would I be able to re-sell the pixel 2 after getting the $325 refund?
oh idk, the left arrow key is pretty fidgety so I'd probably only sell it for around $50 because of that.
how much would I sell it or how much would shipping be?
I would sell you mine but I imagine shipping to Canada is ridiculously expensive 
2015 320d here, my XL's Bluetooth crashes connected drive every few days, hopefully it can be fixed with a software update 🤞
I just got an og pixel XL brand new for $475 and I honestly don't see the value in the pixel 2 tbh, there is absolutely 0 lag on this thing (pixel 1) so I don't see how the 835 would be noticeable for me and I've never gotten to the end of the day without 50%+ battery, the camera on the new phone sure is better but I think getting rid of the headphone jack made the pixel 2 an overall worse phone for like double the price.
Yeah I know that's why I was curious as to whether they are water resistant because then I could work out in them without sweat/water ruining them
That's good to know, I have a pixel XL and no plans to upgrade to pixel 2 tbh so maybe I'll settle on airpods when the pixel buds inevitably aren't in stock on the Google store
Yeah if I had an iPhone id have bought them for sure, the A1 chip makes them work so seamless (my mom has an iPhone and beats headphones with the A1 chips in them), unfortunately Bluetooth is a crapshoot on Android so I was hoping that maybe these pixel buds had some sort of custom chip to make them connect more seamlessly.
Could you resell the pixel 2 after you got your rebate? Currently happy with my pixel 1 but I'm pretty tempted to switch back to my family's TMobile one plan so maybe I should buy the pixel 2, switch over, resell/gift phone to a friend and keep the line and the $325 reimbursement? 
Will they be water resistant/proof? I really want a pair of Bluetooth earbuds to take to the gym that will reliably work with my phone 😭
Does this deal only work for the pixel 2 or does it work for pixel 1 as well?
Yep something's going on, either the Eredivisie has gotten too weak so they don't develop as well or their players leave the Eredivisie too early and then hit rough patches at their new clubs and never find their footing like a couple years ago I thought bakkali, depay, Jetro Willems, luuk de Jong, and all  the others coming up were going to become superstars but it didn't pan out, so strange to think that the Netherlands (especially now without Robben and van Persie) aren't a force in world football anymore
Kuyt, van bommel, gio van brokhurst, huntelaar, Nigel de Jong...man they were a fun team to watch in the '06 and '10 world cups where they played ridiculously physical against Portugal and Spain, and euro '08 when they smashed france, kind of sad to see their golden generation all retiring.
If only Kane would get injured now ;)
All the new features seem to be software so we'll probably end up getting them tbh. Also for some reason the new phones look kind of ugly to me, I have the white Pixel XL and often times I take it out of the case to look at it because it's such a pretty phone, I think they did a really good job on the design for the OG Pixel.
Yeah I'm guessing the 5" phone was just htc mostly recycling  the og pixel whereas LG was starting from scratch
I use the headphone jack everyday, even with all the new features, the lack of the headphone jack makes the phone worse than my pixel xl, maybe they'll add it back next year when my phone stops getting updates (one can only hope 🤞)
Honestly everything gets leaked beforehand but I watch just to see what the official prices end up being because those are usually not mentioned/confirmed in the leaks 
why have a 6-pack when you can have a keg ;) 
*angel 
If the iPhone didn't remove the headphone jack I highly doubt this would ever have become a trend :/
Arsenal is probably going to bag crazy sponsorship revenues and then they'll spend like crazy too, with the inflated transfer fees though there are (increasingly each year) diminishing returns the more you spend so teams like Liverpool and Tottenham that are ran well could always vie for the title despite the lower budgets
Are mou and Ronaldo on good terms? If they are then this is a definite possibility.
These countries are throwing money at everything really not just football, they want to diversify their economies so they're not dependant on oil/gas
What's weird is that the Spanish banks were basically bankrolling real and Barca for years to keep the league afloat, while the clubs were raking up massive debts, this is just the pot calling the kettle black, I'd be surprised if psg and man city don't eventually become self sustainable and profitable like real and Barca are now, they've been very aggressive these past few seasons but it hasn't gotten either of them the champions league or domestic league so I don't really have much contempt for either club since the UCL and premier league are as exciting as they've ever been
I'd say it's the fans and those in charge of the transfers killing the club. The past 5-10 years haven't been pretty but we were more successful than Tottenham/Everton/Liverpool even more successful than you guys and utd a couple of seasons difference is every other teams' fans stuck by their club and made their home grounds formidable with great atmosphere, our home* fans have cost us more points than Wenger the past few seasons imo
Hangouts 
Wenger has a degree in economics if i'm not mistaken, it's perfectly possible that the over-reliance in tv revenue and the over-reliance in billionaire owner's checkbooks are things that Arsene genuinely fears could ruin the club financially. The only thing is, just as Man Utd takes a risk to sign Lukakus  and Pogbas for exorbitant fees, Arsene is taking a risk by Not signing Lukakus and Pogbas for exorbitant fees. There's risk and reward to either club's approach, and only time will tell who's risk pays off.
I don't think we can win the league or make top four but I do think we can win a domestic cup and the europa league. I think in Wenger's last year having a decent run in the league and perhaps the champions league would be an incredible send-off, someone fresh can come in and with new sponsorship deals coming into effect they can hopefully spend tons. I don't want Arsenal to become a team that chops and changes managers every few years but at the same time that will require the fans to really really get behind the next manager. Also I don't see Kroenke selling anytime soon either, the only hope is that he sees that in order for Arsenal to increase in valuation, trophies will have to be won since the increases in TV revenue will start to plateau and clubs like Man City and Chelsea will start to overtake us in market cap. Maybe just maybe someone in the mold of David Dein or (dare I say) Daniel Levy can come in and Kroenke can just let them take care of business.
wow the exact thing happened for me, thanks! 
I'll check it out!
Thanks!
I've used action launcher for months it just makes my phone very laggy/crashes sometimes and the Google now integration only works half the time
Or maybe Spurs could go bankrupt and we divvy up their squad 😂
Was Gabriel really that bad? I feel like he shouldn't have left until we had a replacement for him oh well.
I'm pretty sure both our teams are doomed this year you guys have quality but no depth, we've got depth but not enough quality, meanwhile the Manchester teams are just signing £50 million pound players left and right as they have been season after season they'll be on another level than us if we don't spend more
I unlocked the bootloader just In case, other than slowness do you give up anything from running the custom kernal?
I know we always say there's nothing we can do to stop these things happening but just for the sake of providing hope/optimism I think that in the future cars/trucks won't be able to be used for terror attacks because of computer a.i. that can bring the cars to a stop or manuever away before they can run people over (and yes obviously the software could be re-written/over-rided but perhaps only by very bright people so that just anyone couldn't wake up one day and do what happened in Nice, Charlottesville, and now Barcelona)
yep I don't hate madrid because the only memory I have of playing madrid is a good memory, all the memories of playing barca are....depressing...
apparently Arsenal's getting 90 million pounds a year from Adidas next year, if they renegotiate their shirt sponsor/advert to a better deal then they will truly be on level playing field (financially) with all of the elite clubs, 60 million for Sanchez is peanuts really
there are like 100 professional teams in England so 10% of teams winning is quite worse than 37.5% of teams winning, its comparing apples to oranges really
Debuchy is on 70k a week so just let that sink in...
there's only 32 teams in total so that's 1 in 3 teams winning the championship and back in 1980 half the current teams weren't even in existence yet so it's not really a strong argument.
not so great for fans since we have to pay for it :(
yep the french league was wide open in between Lyon and PSG's dominating years
Dude she's riding a dragon not flying a plane I doubt she has complete autonomous control over how drogon moves she can just nudge him in the right direction and tell him when to people up
The 4" screen is it's selling point lmao how can you criticize that 😂
Yeah iOS needs to get their shit together on notifications iOS 11 made things even worse
yeah no doubt, they're pretty much relying on us college-aged 20-somethings to just leave cash sitting in our accounts that they can margin trade with (if i'm not mistaken, that is their business model right?). The tech companies that are going to make a killing are the ones that have the best data and just knowing what stocks someone watches/buys isn't the most lucrative data. On the other hand if they do expand and start giving out credit cards with awesome rewards but also monitor your every purchase then that could be very, very lucrative data and us millennials will give up our privacy in droves if it means we get some sweet credit card with "extra bonus travel miles" 😂
I got an email from them two nights ago, I usually delete all my emails from websites/companies but I figured since I use the app so much I mine as well give some input.
haha whenever I hear the CEO speak he seems like such a yuppy, they are definitely making big moves in the future
apparently you can still communicate with the phone when it's unlocked and switch off the faulty cores that are responsibly for the bootloop
Oh that's awesome, I'm currently counting down the days until my 5x bootloops so I just went ahead and unlocked the bootloader so I'm prepared 😑 
Did you unlock the bootloader?
fair enough I'm actually a big fan of the Pixel and it will be my next phone after the price comes down 👍
The Nexus 6 was still $120+ cheaper than the pixel XL and it had a bigger screen/wireless charging/front facing speakers so it was a flagship phone that undercut other flagships on price whereas the pixel XL was not a flagship phone (in terms of features) but priced higher than many flagships.
$1600 credit with Fi?
That's what happened to MacBook pros last year I believe, the new one came out with only USB-C and it made the previous model's price go up on ebay
What's the difference? Im curious.
You're right it's definitely not good for beating traffic or looking for places to eat but just simple  stuff like getting from point a to point b. I still find myself using waze which uses data to beat the traffic.
Yeah I'd be the minority hire lol (in all honesty I'm fucking hispanic we probably have the lowest representation in freakin tech and I don't see how racism is at all the cause but rather the lack of cs and coding classes in elementary and highschool that prevents Hispanics who don't have computers at home from getting interested in tech at a young age). If none of my friends are getting CS degrees then how the heck are they gonna get jobs at Google/Apple. On the other hand as someone stated earlier other industries like fashion, news media, hollywood, etc.. all supposed bastions of liberalism heavily discriminate against Hispanics/Asians in terms of representation yet there's no outcry about those industries being predjudice.
Saudi Arabia is in the Arabian Peninsula surely it's an Arab country?
download Triangle, it's a life-saver. It's made by google but only available in the Phillipines so you have to find the APK online, it's basically lets you turn data off/on for whatever apps you want, whenever.
I'd suggest downloading offline maps, never had to use data once on google maps as i've downloaded practically all of southern california to my phone.
Yeah they ruined a perfectly functioning website imo oh well :(
That's why we (the crowd that cares about security updates) is fucked because the Nexus line won't be supported too much longer at which point all we have is the pixel 1st generation & iPhone 6s to fall back on if we want a phone with security updates and a headphone jack and the pixel 1st generation still only has 1-2 years of updates left..
Rewatching that ad I have to say the pixel had a lot going for it given the fact that it got shit on so hard by the Android community, I think the price was really the one thing they got wrong but they felt the need to mark it up so people would believe it was a premium product
they had really shitty support and pretty much did the exact opposite of what they said they would do so it burned customers like me pretty bad, first week I had the phone I was recommending it to everyone...after about a month I was telling people I recommended it to not to buy it and imagine i'm not the only one so who knows with better execution the phone could have been a hit since the phone is such an eye-catcher that early adopters would have been walking advertisements
League cup is about as prestigious as the community shield in my opinion so technically we won the community shield during the 15/16 season but it doesn't mean we had a better season than Spurs (I really didn't take consolation in pipping them to 2nd after they gave up on the league and would argue they had the better overall season)
I think that's every team that ever played Tottenham tbh. their fans still get attacked in Europe, it's more a reflection of society than the fanbase of a team
Yeah it would have been a 💩 show to try and use both numbers on fi at the same time too, I bet if you really wanted the number back one day Google would probably give it to you (assuming it's not taken) their customer support is pretty awesome
you probs don't want to hear this but you could have created a new google account and used fi on that account then you would have kept the google voice number on your orriginal google account :/
just deleted the app yesterday after months of using it with only a handful of people just my luck lol
seriously though, if you eat chicken, beef, or ham how can you possibly justify your actions which cause untold amounts of suffering to millions of animals against trophy hunting which is basically just a perverted form of charity for poor African countries
You do realize that countries in Africa literally need the revenue from trophy hunting to feed and clothe actual people dying in the streets, trophy hunting is a business at the end of the day that pumps money into some of the poorest places in the world.
Edit: also Kroenke is still a POS I'm not trying to defend the man I'm sure if he was living in Russia during the 90's he would have done some fucked up shit too
kroenke is also just a muppet who married into wealth rather than earn his money, if he were a capitalist he'd want his investment to actually grow in value but Arsenal's market cap is getting eclipsed by Man U, Barca, Madrid, etc..
can't hurt to check but I think the deals are only valid on tuesday
I switched carriers but never deleted the app so I keep getting all the deals lol
or brazzers...we can only dream 
in all fairness had he not killed bran then Joffrey, Tommen, and Marcella would have all been executed and at that point in time Joffrey wasn't a monster yet so he tried to kill Bran in order to protect Cersei + their 3 kids

edit: if you were to criticize Jamie for truly effed up things I would say when he killed his cousin in that prison cell...that was truly evil in my book
I think that's how they make their money by forcing you to buy bigger storage options
I thinks it's only an NBA thing and even those guys aren't die hard fan but more likely just sitting courtside as a status symbol
I actually prefer Android by a lot it's just that I only want to buy Nexus/Pixel phones so that I can have guaranteed and timely updates 
I know that's true but after getting the 5x I really prefer stock Android to non-stock Android
damn bro I just bought a 5x off craigslist in early June, the guy told me it was only 16GB and it turned out to be 32GB, felt like winning the lottery (i'm sure my phone will end up bootlooping though 😑)
that's what I did, no joke first phone I ever had was an iPhone 3G and last year I switched to Android for the first time thinking I wouldn't look back, now that Android's are ditching the headphone jack I'm actually considering buying an iPhone's again.
agreed they're no longer "cool and interesting" so the chances they grow their way out of losing money is slim, only silver lining is they might get bought by a desperate Apple/Google/Microsoft
I really doubt that's true though, if voters cared about the environment they wouldn't let the govt subsidize $7 of beef for every $4 you spend, I bet if those subsidies disappeared there would be riots in the streets over the price of an in n out burger quadrupling despite the fact that it would do more good for the environment than driving EV's ever would. 
really deserved this one, so happy for you
...Ay dios mio
I'm Californian, not even out of school yet so I'm gonna be poor for a while, tbh I'm not sure these incentives are a good thing since the car is already under 40k and the state is in tons and tons of debt, I'd rather have Tesla succeed without all this state aid that could be going towards education and infrastructure (also I'm sure the fossil fuel industry and gas-burning cars get government subsidies too so this EV incentive is more to equal things out but I'd like to see those tradition car subsidies end too)
if it's only 80€ then it might be worth it (unless I have my exchange rates all confused that would be equivalent to around $100 right), if you take your laptop on a trip and watch netflix you'll notice way better battery life with the kaby lakes
you're right about that but I think Google's main strength was how they've been able to survive the decrease in cost per click which has been going on for a while, if you watch Scott Galloway's Youtube vids he seems to bring it up all the time
it's all from the EU fine, the upside is that their operations did well, the downside is that the they're probably gonna get fined more and more in the future seeing as the latest fine was barely justifiable (and there are plenty of justifiable ways they could be fined for anti-trust reasons)
I'm sure they'll do what man city does to work around that.
What is the reason for cutting chrome apps support? I use quite a few chrome apps :/
that's good to hear I feel kind of like a melodramatic but I really didn't like how they changed the settings to that gray-ish white
Weird question but can someone tell me the big advantages of Android O? I currently have a Nexus 5x and one of the reasons I haven't enrolled in the developer preview is because I'm not a fan of the visual changes made in O. Obviously security updates are important but will O improve my battery or add any cool features that Nougat is missing?
Hargreaves was Canadian
I have the non retina mbp and the keyboard is so good on that thing such a bummer they don't have a single new laptop without the butterfly switches 
☝️ low energy ☝️ 
oh wow this is great! the "⌘+shift+[" and "⌘+shift+]" shortcuts work too!
from their kickstarter campaign
that's interesting
Best features for iPhones: more than 2 years of updates, integration with Macs, reliability

Best features of Android: customizable, less expensive, USB charging and headphone jack (hopefully this doesnt change)
:( I'm an ex-Robin owner who just bought a 5x after my Robin's screen stopped working and nextbit refused to help me out, so far loving the phone but starting to worry about all the bootlooping issues
I have it set to default on most things I use, it really is great
Umbro > Adidas > Nike > Puma (in my opinion)
check out KassemG on Youtube his "California on England" and "California on America" are some of the most cringeworthy minutes you will ever spend on the internet (this is the England one https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZEwcIEV-fEk )
It's true I learned more geography from playing 2006 FIFA world cup then I did in school
On average it's probably terrible but when it comes to anything in America there's a pretty flat Bell curve (i.e. the mean isn't very helpful when the variance Is so high). Me personally I'm obsessed with geography to the point where I know a ton of useless shit and there are a lot of people like me (my cousin's even more knowledgeable than me and it annoys me), there are also a ton of people that know so little geography that I'm surprised how they actually function in life. 
damn sounds like NBC screwed up big time with their $6 billion rights deal and are trying to stop hemorrhaging £££, it's kind of sad when people here get all excited about broadcast deals that land the premier league clubs so much money because they don't realize that us fans are the ones that are going to be paying for it
Apparently they don't allow NFL games to be shown in the same market the game is taking place in order to get more people to show up to the games (we're so lazy that given the option to watch the game at home no one would show up to the games 😂 )
seriously they need to get better with VAR or scrap it all together, it has killed the enjoyment of the confederations cup for me personally 
if I don't have a tv or cable for that matter can I just pay $50 to get all the games? If that's the case then this is the best deal ever (although I feel like that isn't the case..i'm still confused 😶)
same 😢
god damn your phone plans are so much cheaper than ours (in america) 😶
I think phones won't need to be upgraded as often in five years time since their specs will become"good enough" for most things people use phone's for. There will be less reason to upgrade all the time. I could see prices go up to compensate for people upgrading their phones far less than they do today.
I think it's hard to use one company (apple) rather than the market as a whole to derive macro-economic inflation. When Apple launched the first phone it was quite an uphill battle. It only launched on one carrier, it required users to learn how to use touch screens and type on touch screens, it had tiny market share, etc.. Forward to today and Apple is basically a luxury brand and lots of people buy their products as fashion statements (for lack of better wording). Maybe the original iphones were discounted because they were asking people to take a leap of faith to try them out whereas today iphones are priced at a premium because lots of people desire them?
Damn that is kind of a lose-lose scenario. I know for my mom she got $100 off her iphone but she was tied to her carrier for at least 2 years. During the past 2 years I cancelled my tmobile contract for 3 months (during the summer) because I was at school with wifi all around, used project fi for a few months after that, then came back to t-mobile on a lower priced plan. During that summer and while on Project Fi I saved about $250 versus had I stayed on my original Tmobile plan that entire time. So economically I can see why carriers put people on contracts because then those customers are stuck paying for service and can't leave for a competitor.
Do subsidized contracts not work the way they used to? I personally don't go that route because I switch carriers or cancel service fairly frequently plus I don't buy flagships. I thought the reason carriers paid for part of the phone was because then you're locked into their service for X amount of months/years and can't ditch them for a cheaper competitor.
There are always carrier contracts (they're not for me personally) but they reduce the phone price by a lot.
yeah no doubt about that but I still feel like north america encompasses central america into it while south america doesn't encompass any of central america into it
I said it jokingly but in my head I always think of it as a large island instead of a full-blown continent
That's what I always learned, I would never consider Costa Rica part of South America. Geographically speaking there are 6ish continents: North America, South America, Asia, Africa, Europe, Antártica, and not sure what Australia would be classified as; point being Costa Rica is a part of Central America and North America at the same time since Central América is not officially it's own continent.
Is this plan still available?
Genuinely curious, why were you paying $90 a month on Sprint? 
Hopefully RCS will be here soon too, I'm personally not a fan of WhatsApp 
I recommend infinite actuary if you haven't heard of it 👍
I recently bought a 5x and I love the phone but the potential of a bootloop scares me 😢
Luckily the wireless networks are going in the opposite direction, I have unlimited data on my cell phone plan for $40 a month and haven't even needed internet in between moving places because I can tether everything from my phone. With 5g we'll have gigabit speeds on our phones and at that point why even stay with isps if they raise their rates.
The first iOS design was virtually a clone of LG's mobile os and the iPhone 6 was a copy of htc's design which now OnePlus is copying from Apple
I mean for me personally I've lost almost all respect I had for OnePlus between the pathetic design ripoff and their backtrack on so many things like spending money on advertising which they initially said they wouldn't do, increasing the price of the phones by $200, and worst of all cutting off software support to the OnePlus 2, the company really is pretty lost and in need of some soul searching. I wouldn't be surprised if they just became oppo 2.0 at this point.
Idk I think what OnePlus did was pretty pathetic no question but I just don't see this as negatively affecting Apple at all if anything imitation is the sincerest form of flattery (ironically I personally don't even like the current iPhone designs and preferred the iPhone 4/5 designs so the OnePlus 5 design turned me off as a potential customer despite them copying Apple in the hopes of aquiring more customers)
Not to mention Apple has blatantly ripped off HTC and LG in the past, it's just part of business. The way I see this whole development is that it's a clear vindication that Apple's design is top notch and they currently are producing the best designed products in the industry. The day OnePlus starts copying Samsung or the day Samsung starts copying someone other than Apple is a day that should start worrying Apple, not today when a niche hobbyist phone comes out with a phone that will at most sell a few million units
Because of the timer I'm assuming? Otherwise to answer op's question there would be 9^6 possible 2fa combos possible
Yeah companies that are too reliant on hardware are going to be hit hard because phones have pretty much caught up to computers in terms of power and they will have diminishing returns with each new chip iteration. Pretty soon you won't be buying a new phone every year or 2 because the new phones won't be that much better than your previous ones (similar to where computers are now i.e. you only buy a new computer every couple years).
Tbh Android tablets are a bad investment to people like me because a tablet is something I'll buy and then hold onto for more than a couple of years, I bought my mom an iPad 2 and she still uses it today. With devices that you keep for long periods of time you neeeeeeed to have software support, my mom's iPad 2 runs iOS 9, if it was still stuck on iOS 2 or 3 or something then she would not still be using it. I would love to buy a pixel c but for $500+ I would want to use it for a couple of years, the problem is that this October it stops getting Android updates at which point it already starts feeling dated and old so I can't justify buying one. Maybe with project treble done manufacturer will come out and release an Android tablet with 4 years of support however I doubt it.
Thanks!
honestly want nothing more than Mexico or US to go far in a world cup, i've never seen it happen (too young to watch the 2002 world cup) and it'd make the tournament more entertaining if south america/europe didn't dominate every single time. Oh well I predict the US to get knocked out in group stages and Mexico to get drawn against Germany/Argentina/France in the ro16 😢
I'm on an 808 with the 5x, are newer soc's really that much better?
He probably thinks soccer/football is a sport for commies tbh
It's also possible that Friday itself was the correction for tech stocks which have been overbought recently, right?
Still works for me, I have it set to always download the 3 most recent podcasts I'm subscribed to
I'm down over $200 😊🔫
same with pulisic, friend of mine was saying he should have opted to play for Croatia.....no way he's getting in that team, they're absolutely loaded with talent at every age group
also it should support external gpu's no?
thanks for the clarification!
What exactly does wifi assistant do? Save you some MB's of data? Does it eat up battery life having it on?
Tbf won't he opt to play for England if he's good enough? Like why would he play for us when we suck..
Where'd you hear that?
Gotta have the app to get all the deals too 💯
Lots of reasons still i.e. lower maintenance costs and lower fuel cost. My uncle bought one and at the time the city he was living in got it's electricity from a power plant but where he lives now all the electricity comes from Hoover dam so I don't think he's doing too much damage to the environment driving his Tesla (he also got a tax rebate and free supercharging so there are lots of perks if you ask me)
I'm on T-Mobile one currently, how much does jump-on-demand cost? Is it a different rate depending on what phone you buy?
Unfortunately they can't make their own iMessage due to antitrust issues, what's unfortunate for us in America is that we're the only ones with this problem, messaging isn't an issue at all if you're in Europe (everyone uses whatsapp) or China (everyone uses weechat)
Lol and here I thought they the iPhone se might be a good buy because then I'd be getting the latest software + headphone jack.... Guess iOS is something I won't be going back to for a looooooooong time. Also why have they not put 3d touch on their tablets yet or added split screen to the phone, the fragmentation is a little bizarre
Surface laptop is beautiful but the pricing on it is just.... wrong (I get they don't want to compete with oems but why even make the dang thing in the first place just to tease us 😭)
google play store grew by a higher percentage year-on-year I think rather than overall higher growth
http://iphone.appleinsider.com/articles/15/05/27/apples-ios-drives-75-of-googles-mobile-advertising-revenue

Can't find anything recent but in 2012 it was 80% and by 2015 it was 75%, if that -5% decrease continued then maybe it's about 50/50 but most likely they're still getting most of their mobile revenue from ios
no argument there! Even Google makes more money off of iOS devices than Android!
Yeah I guess when you think about it 9.5% of 80+% market share is probably not too shy of the total number of iOS 10 devices
Gotta say the new customer promotions just seem unfair to us traditional customers
Not to be mean but this makes me feel better knowing that it probably wouldn't have been worth the trouble to go through, guess I'll still enjoy the unlimited plan since I won't have WiFi at home for the next month!
He nearly assisted bale towards the end too
I mean Man U, City, and Liverpool were all meant to be title winning teams too, all of whom spent even more than us. Winning the title every single year is not possible but playing enjoyable football is and Wenger's achieved that.
if I were to buy it used from someone else would I not have a warranty any longer?
He'll get playing time in Europa I hope
Would be great if he could win Europa league and maybe another cup or even the league to really cement his legacy
Yeah but for a lot of people software means more than hardware, that's why so many people buy iPhone's, also the pixel is supposed to have much better performance than OEM phones despite having lower specs because it's tailored around Android.
where do you go to school? iMessage is what everyone uses at mine, I have an Android and the green bubble hate is real!
I prefer their current I/O solution to any of their competitor's I really just have one problem with the surface lineup which is why use display port instead of HDMI? Would love it if someone offered their opinion for why they did this, my current MacBook pro only has a minidisplay port and I have to use an adapter to hook it up to my tv which is annoying when so many computers come with HDMI ports.
Trust me you don't need to go to business school. You know who else didn't go to business school? Michael Jordan, Kobe Bryant, LeBron James..
I really really recommend watching the documentary "Les Bleus une autre histoire de france" it was about the french football team between 1996-2016 but at the same time it touched a lot upon french politics during that time and how ostracized misfits and outcasts of society are so susceptible to committing terrorist acts.
I think you're confusing a lot of the root causes of these conflicts but for the most part you're right. Essentially the West hasn't learned a single thing from the past.
The pen should be optional but the keyboard should not since it's form factor as a tablet is quite bad.
Crap I thought it was 20,000 a year, I'm a moron but I've somehow made about $2000 in the past month investing in ethereum, at this rate this might put me into a tax bracket and I don't know how to adult yet (i.e. pay taxes).
There's plenty of apps worth it like Wolfram alpha and ummm crap that's the only app I've ever bought on Android..
I think he just wants the teams value to grow, since he came in we've spent more on players just as the fans wanted we've just gambled and lost on a couple big signings. 
That's the problem, Spurs are good right now but they're in the same spot we were from 2005-2011 where we didn't have the money to compete so we invested in youth. With that strategy we were also-rans for the title in 07-08 and 10-11 and you could maybe say 13-14 too (since ozil was our only big signing up until that point), but we had nothing to show for it. By emulating Spurs we'll have gone full circle back to the 05-11 period. Football is extremely competitive and even if you do everything right (spend big like we did last summer), you're still not guaranteed success (look at man city and United's failed expenditures for example too).
What's wrong with using battery saver mode regularly though? Obviously I get worse performance but my phone can actually last a few hours on standby which is a lifesaver if I'm out of the house all day and don't have access to a charger.
Walmart doesn't manufacture or make anything, they're just really efficient middle men between companies selling product X and customers wanting to buy product X. I've never shopped at one but I read about them all the time in business classes, they're​ a remarkable company in terms of automating what items each store needs and that's their market differentiatior, not bribing and murdering politicians like Abramovich did. They're gonna get eaten by Amazon because retail is all going online though. The biggest misconception is that Stan made his money from Walmart. He  didnt, he married a member of the Walton family and used her money to buy himself all his toys. He's no genius innovator just a douche who married into money, as for Usmanov he seems to be self made through hard work and business smarts and would 100% be a better owner than Kroenke who's failed with every sports investment he's made (all of which were made with his wife's money).
He married into his wealth, his wife is a member of the Walton family, at least Usmanov earned his own  money (although it was likely earned at the detriment of the Russian people)
never tried it tbh, I remember back in the day I had an app called pulse and it was really cool and I'm guessing Flipboard is similar to it. Overall it's just a good rule to not rely on one website or source for your news.
As an American thankyou for providing an outsider's prospective, I feel like anti-russian hysteria in this country has gotten so ridiculous lately and as far as privacy there's not a first world country in the world that isn't tracking you online. It's pretty simple, if country X is reasonably wealthy and has the resources to track you, they'll do it. 
I think allo's incognito chat uses Signal's protocol too
Yeah I feel like most websites these days are pretty trash even NY times and huff post run headlines you'd expect to see on BuzzFeed, if you want quality stuff I think you just need to use a news aggregation site like techmeme, ycombinator, various subreddits, etc.
I personally like Engadget even though they have a definite apple bias
I'd buy an iPhone 6s/6s+ if I were you, basically guaranteed 3 more years of life plus you keep the headphone jack, just sayin 👍
I think he was just being hyperbolic but for one they could just make data cheaper and additionally they could implement new features like RCS, they could allow users to use the Google voice website/app rather than Hangouts, they could let you pay multiple months/year at a time for a discount, they could offer an unlimited plan, they could offer a data only plan (personally this is all I want)
Either that or offer discounts on Nexus/pixel phones. I remember they discounted the 5x to $200 after it had come out and at that time it was a great deal.
What would be a good solution to this? Maybe keep spare codes written on a little note in your wallet or just memorizing 1 of them? I have 2-factor Authenticator turned on too lol so now I'm kind of worried.
Are you worried about the bootloop issue at all, is there any way to avoid it?
The problem with WhatsApp is that you can't actually message anyone if your phone is turned off or lost or stolen :/ that and the fact that its owned by Facebook so they're gonna mine the heck out of your data. Personally iMessage has the best implementation (you can even sms when your phone is turned off) but I can't use it on Android or Windows so it isn't an option...
you can forward your google voice texts to your carrier number, that's how I used to get imessage working with my google voice number when I had an iphone 👍
it seems like hybrid drives are the obvious solution which they already do right?
maybe this sounds bad but look at companies that have company cultures and/or design languages you like and try to emulate them. Also I think the site's design isn't bad, just a bad color scheme, the blues/yellows/greens should be bolder 👍
And look where they are now, well below in the table, had to sack their manager to avoid relegation, with no hope of challenging for the title again any time soon. What they did last year was a once in a lifetime miracle, no shame in losing out to them. 
true
Craigslist a family heirloom or some shit
Also fuck the man city ref for gifting them a win this morning 😡
yep  so many rich douchey people (my uncle is one of them) treat the car like a status symbol but do they realize the whole point of Tesla is to make it to mass-market eventually (i.e. lower cost)?
the almost trophy gets cancelled out by Wenger almost signing Guidetti at some point in time which would have prevented his almost-goal from ever happening in the first place 
people will feel the effect whenever there's incremental updates, for instance 7.1 has been out since october but most phones only just got 7.0 and don't have 7.1.1 yet let alone 7.1.2
As an American with a Spanish surname (curiel-boullon) im curious as to when people in England take on two surnames like this? I'm guessing the 2 names got morphed into one name some time in the past and thus both got passed down for traditions sake (unlike the Spanish style where one name is from your mother's side and one name is from your father's side)? Or are these just both of his parents last names combined?
I'd say just don't get her a phone for her birthday and buy something else, pixel 2 is around the corner and the S8 seems to have a ton of issues despite all the reviews being stellar so I don't see very much value in the current flagship phone line-up
I feel like if goal difference became a deciding factor on the final day Everton would just purposely lose by 10 goals to deny Liverpool champions league
I'd say Nasri (Even though he's been awful since he was really good in his final season with us)
They had a deal with nintendo saying they wouldn't make a new tablet for quite some time (since it would cannibalize switch sales and Nvidia makes the switch)
Are bootloops going to be fixed with replacement devices or are those devices just going to bootloops again in a year?

iMessage is a big selling point in the US
Eh I've heard Nintendo's USB c cables are really good, basically any big name brand (apple, Google, Nintendo) should be fine but any other brand and it's just a tossup whether it will work correctly or not.
I've had two different USB c laptops (Dell XPS 2-in-1 and Samsung Chromebook plus) and their charging cables charged my phone so slow that the phone lost power while also nearly over heating my phone to the point where I couldn't hold it in my hand. A friend of mine has a razer blade and it's charger wouldn't recognize my phone at all. On the other hand the USB c charger that came with my phone would not charge any of the 3 computers in question at all. USB c has all the potential to be great but there's not nearly as much quality control or consistency as there are with thunderbolt standardizations. 
As someone with a USB c phone I've never met anyone with another usb c charger that I could use. All the USB c laptop chargers other than Apple's don't work with phones and almost all phone chargers don't work with other phones it's a huge 💩 show and I'm happy the surface lineup isn't including them yet for charging because the magnetic chargers will probably save me from knocking my computer off of a desk someday
I'm sure he just picks phones based on their Twitter app performance
I personally love paying for things with cash, maybe I should move to Germany lol
Salaries will come down, last year Manchester United paid £100,000,000 for a 23 year old. In the time since then you'll see dozens and dozens of articles about how premier league viewership has dropped off significantly because people are fed up paying huge tv fees. The tv windfalls will drop for professional sports teams and team budgets will come down shortly after. It really isn't sustainable
They do some stuff on sports and economics too
Some owners are fans of the team too or at least care about the fans, lots of premier league teams could charge 5x their current ticket prices  but don't because that would screw over fans.
Well they're definitely going to make less tv money going forward because so many people buying cable don't even watch sports but still foot the bill, when those people cut the cord and don't subscribe to a streaming service to view said sport then the teams will receive less TV rights money. Maybe this will result in ticket prices going up to compensate however.
I thought their goal was to get rid of carrier contracts, I highly doubt their phone is going to work on other carriers so it's basically a never ending carrier contract..
nextbit Robin Is nearly stock and only costs $137 right now, should last you a few month until the nelpixel comes out 👍
Taking binge on into consideration I probably use like 25-30GBs a month but I only pay for 5GB that averages out to $30 (bill is $120 for 4 lines). T-Mobile really is killing it rn, would love to switch to FI but they're data rates are astronomical :/
Eh traditional tv is pretty terrible here, I just cancelled my mom's cable bill because it was costing her $115 a month and she never even watched it most weeks (just watches Netflix all day). I think we'll see affordable sports streaming in the future, the transition between traditional to digital rn is just causing growing pains because the tv providers will have to give up their huge margins for live sports.
Mint Sim, metro pcs, and cricket are all very good deals
Wow for some reason you putting everything in numbers helped me get a concrete idea of 5G. Considering I get about 6mbps from my ISP currently (for $69 a month), will I even need home internet in the future when 5G will be so fast and likely be in all of our unlimited data plans 5-10 years down the line? 
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0BzbBbkApom_TTzZWM0VCRkNnSzg?usp=sharing here are the videos
Are you talking about the music videos or the screensaver extension? I can share the videos on Google drive when I get home and there should be a download link on the website I shared 👍
I understand that, I was just saying that phones aren't exactly more expensive for you guys because the warranty is just bundled into the cost.
I feel for the fans because I think it's another case of a foreigner coming in and buying the team with no clue how to run it. That being said sunderland probably has a hard time attracting top players when they're located in North East England compared to teams located closer to London, right?
Gotcha so basically the phones don't actually cost more you just have to buy a warranty along with the phone
Is it possible to just buy a cheaper phone in the US/China and then use it on an Australian network?
Lol considering I'm the complete opposite of his statement (brown, cuban, black hair) I feel like the pervasive stereotyping I get from Europeans on here for being American is way more prevalent than these supposed blond gun toting racists they assume all Americans to be, like how do they not see the irony in their own comments
If Amazon could just let you Chromecast their shows I would actually watch them 😢
Google now launcher is awesome if you use a lot of Google services
And both started out at Monaco, people were saying martial was the next Henry a few years ago too
Yeah but they pay like 2 cents a day for those 8mbps and I'm over here paying $80 for that speed lol
T-Mobiles deal is basically any streaming service that wants to be a part of binge on can opt in, they don't pick and choose winners and losers, the point of it was just to allow them to add customers to T-Mobile without breaking the internet. Prior to binge on they had a deal with Rhapsody that was clearly giving Rhapsody an unfair advantage and currently Sprint owns a stake of tidal so it's likely they do some sort of unlimited tidal streaming deal with their customers that would also give tidal an unfair advantage.
Alternative Facts*
Eh Twitter is kind of dying though as a result of Facebook turning up the heat on them, Snapchat is likely to incur a similar fate (personally I hate Facebook and don't use it at all whereas I use Snapchat everyday but the writings on the wall for them) Facebook will do whatever it takes to bury them 
Just curious but how's he doing lately?
Luckily T-Mobile can likely become the third big cellular company and challenge Verizon and at&t if they keep growing and buying infrastructure
This goal and Messi's goal against Bilbao in the following year's Copa final I could watch a million times and never get bored.
He's just a three season wonder
So basically this phone that I've been saving up to buy is having lots of problems and I probably shouldn't buy it, is that correct 😬
The app constantly doesn't load for me + it doesn't remember my password like chrome does so I stopped using it
Honestly boring might not be the word but I've watched very few premier league games lately because there just seems to be so much negativity. Every game man city doesn't win supposedly exposes pep as a bad manager. Anytime mou doesn't win people are just eagerly waiting to hear his press conference and then write about him being a sore loser. Anytime arsenal plays (win or lose) you hear about how the fans want arsene out. Also anytime any team plays you hear people whine about England not producing enough players or about certain young English players being overrated. The sport seems to be pretty fickle at times. The game isn't about winning trophies it's about the fans and the players and the community and I feel like other leagues like serie a and bundesliga understand this.
We should build a big beautiful wall between England and Spain that'll work
Lol I feel you, something about the unite airlines incident a few days ago made me laugh so hard while watching
Well real Madrid won in 2014, then Barca won in 2015, then real won in 2016, so it only makes sense that Barca wins this year to keep that patter going
Plus they have 3 of the best players in the world right now and to compensate for that they have to have a couple more lower-wage players in order to pay the big bucks for M-S-N, realistically can they afford to replace all these players with world class players?
Not gonna lie these mix-ups and mis-haps kind of ruined the shopping experience that had initially gotten me hooked on prime, now I don't plan on renewing my prime membership because the shopping experience just isn't that enjoyable, I'm sure it will get better in the future though.
What are some of the advantages of using chrome os with Android? Curious as I'm deciding between a chromebook\android tablet\surface\macbook right now.
Or a flux-like night mode 😢
Textra has an auto day/night mode which is the best implementation in my opinion, Reddit, GTasks, Authenticator, VLC, and waze* (not user configurable though) are some other apps with night mode too
I think they just focused solely on making a thin device, honestly my 2010 MacBook pro is thin enough, with it's dimensions we could have a modern laptop with ridiculous battery life and specs to match (since the higher end specs wouldn't eat through the battery as quickly) but oh well :/
This and an automatic night mode would be great.
Because the other team is their title rival
When you share your Google play playlists they only show the music that Google play offers though :/ for instance if you have a cool remix of a song that isn't actually on play music then your friends can't hear it on your playlist unless you actually give them the file and then they upload it
I have a free HiFi 6 month trial, opened the app maybe twice in 1 month then ended up deleting it. Just overall a bad UI and doesn't offer anything that makes it stand out against competing services
I've had some give me straight drm-free FLAC downloads which is awesome and time saving if you planned on ripping the vinyls
Yeah I doubt this is true, jailbreaking your iPhone definitely voids your warranty here in the US
Well one was the Nexus 6p power brick from the Google store and one was the pixel brick and cable also from the Google store, both were very expensive and good build quality and both I assume work well on their respective devices but were wildly inconsistent on mine (ie 10% of the time it would charge correctly, 90% of the time it would charge very slowly and the phone would lose power if I used it while charging), also bought the Qualcomm quick charge 2.0 brick and had the same inconsistency (luckily I was able to return the two Google store chargers).
True,  one of the reasons I bought my phone was because it had USB-C.. turned out this supposed positive would be the biggest negative by far. I've gone through so many charging cables and power bricks that it's made me desperately miss lighting as all my friends have iPhones and can share their chargers. I ended up buying​ the MacBook 12" charger to power my phone since I didn't want to take a chance on buying another faulty charger (went through about 5).
I spent $10 on a sandwich for lunch today but I still use the free tier of Google drive and listen to the free tier of SoundCloud because I'm so cheap when it comes to digital stuff uggh it's like a weird way our brains are wired I think haha 
for some reason when it comes to digital purchases (apps, music, video) people are very stingy, I'm the same way, it's likely the psychology around knowing you can get all the stuff illegally for free so every dollar seems to matter
get the + models, my mom has one and the battery lasts all day
they just started doing that with Google Drive and I thin you can use Google play credit to buy drive storage as well
Correct 
Google should make an Android auto app for iOS 
Just that there was a discussion lately about how you can get rich off of buying stocks right before dividends are given out and then selling the stocks right after, or other people who have said that their entire strategy is to make money off of high yield dividend stocks saying they can make on average $100 a day from just dividends, I thought that there might be some flaws in this argument and it might be dangerous to calculate out how much money you will get in dividends and then expect to live off of that money 
Ok this actually makes a ton of sense why a company would not want to reduce their dividend for fear of reducing investor confidence since I guess investor confidence in the dividend payouts is largely what factors into the stock price. 
Okay this makes perfect sense to me, I guess it's pretty straightforward and logical that companies that offer dividends in the first place are going to be established and profitable, whereas companies that are likely to lose money or are still trying to reach profitability such as newly IPO'd companies and small companies would never be offering dividends.
I don't think you can set it up to have disappearing messages though 
I don't think Whatsapp has Google assistant, incognito mode, stickers, customizable themes, auto reply suggestions, gif generator, ability to make text large/tiny, etc
Whatsapp is great for a lot of reasons but you're comparing apples to oranges 
Swipe to unlock this comment® 
They need to offer better data rates, a data only plan, and sort out the whole hangouts/gvoice/Android messenger/rcs headache. It was a good deal when it first launched but tmobile has made the industry as a whole get more competitive with data rates and fi hasn't adjusted accordingly. 
Thanks and yeah I'm gonna wait for the surface pro 5 reveal before making any decisions, and luckily there's a Microsoft retail store by my house so if I have issues with my surface I can go to their equivalent of a genius bar (not gonna lie I cringed a little bit while typing out genius bar)
Google password + 2-factor authentication keeps me feeling pretty safe, obviously no solution is fail proof but I do feel like the added security of 2-factor authentication is well worth the inconvenience 
Yeah I want to like Windows 10 so much so that I could have an alternative to Mac but I returned my $1600 dell laptop a few weeks ago and went back to using a 2009 macbook pro, I might try out the surface line but I feel like the problems with the Dell were the software, Windows 10 was much less customizable than I was expecting it to be unfortunately and it made me actually consider buying the new MacBook pro or retina MacBook so I've got a big decision to make on what to do with this $1600 😬
Also its important to mention that Tottenham hasn't had European football since December, Chelsea hasn't had European football at all which is a huge luxury in terms of team freshness, Liverpool and man city have both shown that playing in Europe can be draining on squads so that really makes me wish that Wenger could be given a season without playing in champions league just to see how he'd do but in order to not play in Europe he'd have to finish 7th which is pretty unacceptable so it's not gonna happen
Also most Americans will be paying more than 329 too, depending on which state you live in  you'll pay quite a bit of sales tax, it's 8% here in california 
http://i.imgur.com/7LhlQZv.jpeg 
Gotta say after switching to Android I thought my life would be so much easier when it came to charging solutions, but 5 different crappy USB-C cables later and I just gave up and bought the 12" macbook charging block and cable to charge my Android phone, works perfectly without fail. It's a little ironic how I used third party lightning cables for my iPhones but now I'm using Apple's USB-C cables to charge my Android phone, anyways Apple's USB-C's are top quality (I also assume the Google Pixel USB-C cables are great too), I guess you get what you pay for when it comes to USB-C and the cheaper the option the more crappy the cable is bound to be
Technically speaking they didn't fire him, they just didn't renew his contract. 
I think Netflix has just become a term for streaming video to older people, kind of like how my mom refers to all smart phones as iphones. 
I feel like the spending really has gotten out of control when you look at how much United and City spent last summer, just can't see how it's sustainable
Damn that article bummed me out, "Arsenal are only 3 points behind Chelsea in second place"  then it goes on to say their next game is away at Everton 😢...
At the same time though the premier league has never been so interesting. It used to be the same 4 teams guaranteed champions league every year while only 2 (sometimes 3) teams ever had any shot at winning the league. Past couple seasons have had great competition for top 4 and a couple of wide open title races.
That's interesting and also good news, I live in Newport. I don't expect Google fiber will be available to buy where I live but maybe other ISP's will step up their game 
Sevilla's the real deal, they've been in the title race all year but have stumbled a little  as of late and are just a few points off 1st place iirc
Really? I was actually curious about how he's been doing since I figured he wouldn't get much playing time with higuain and dybala in the team. 
I have to say of all the teams kroenke owns Arsenal is the only one that is ran very well 

i mean that was the case during the mid to late 2000's Chelsea and Man U won the premier league every year and...surprise... they were in the final of the champions league almost every year (i remember had chelsea not been ripped off in the '09 semis then it would have been Man U-Chelsea final 2 years in a row)
lovely username
madrid and barcelona are just bigger markets really
Yeah I feel like there's no point to rcs at this stage, you can do so much more with im apps and they'll keep innovating and get better leaving rcs in the dust
I mean I doubt that's what happened, but I don't follow the industry so I couldn't tell you the first thing about the goings on of tmobile. What I do know about the telecom industry is that there are only a few players: AT&T, T-mobile, Sprint, Verizon, if there are any others then I haven't heard of them. This in itself doesn't bode well for competition in the industry it also means that merging with a competitor can be very very lucrative, but yeah that's about all I know. As for "who is doing the most work", that's not taken into primary consideration when compensating people, rather the people that are hardest to replace will usually be paid more and the people that are easy to replace will be paid less, and again I really don't know tmobiles situation but clearly they're growing and expanding so their execs are doing something right that the execs of the other companies aren't. 
Hes also in the photo, alternatively speaking 
I'm really not that invested in this story tbh, but no I'm not talking about feudalism or Kings, I'm saying that maybe in this particular case the COO is being rewarded for bringing in lots of revenue to the company, maybe the company wants to keep hold of him so they can keep increasing revenue and keep adding more stores and growing the company, even more so they probably don't want him leaving the company and going to one of their competitors. 
You're describing something that, for lack of a better word, is inelastic so that wouldn't really apply here.
If not the creators update then most likely late 2017 when the second windows update happens, I want a surface pro 5 to replace my old MacBook so bad 😢 
Don't forget incognito mode, being able to enlarge and minimize text, customizable themes, not needing a Google account to use the product. Allo is just fun to use, while hangouts on the other hand is just a generic messaging app 
gotta say I feel the same way, recently returned a $1500 brand new windows laptop to go back to my 2009 macbook pro, the experience just wasn't enjoyable but i'm positive Windows will keep improving. For the time being though I'm sticking with Mac but man is it hard trying to decide on what to buy laptop wise since every laptop in the mac lineup requires massive compromises on I/O and specs
Yeah Im more on you're side tbh just thought I'd share a different perspective, would love to see a precedent where execs gave back much of their bonus to their employees which would then pressure other execs to do the same so as not to look bad. Kind of like how Bill gates said he was giving away all his wealth after he died so then all the other billionaire had to do the same to not look like a dick. 
Who's to say that the value he brought in as  COO wasn't worth more than the bonus, a couple of tmobile stores opened up recently in my area because of tmobiles growth and success last year, those $12/hr jobs wouldnt exist if not for the hard work of these guys at the top
I use Mac OS and android, personally think it's the best combo. Windows 10 is definitely making strides and on its own might be better than Mac OS but Mac OS just leap frogs it with applications like BTT that I can't live without also FCP is pretty great. I use the stock Mac apps like mail and safari now to save battery and their very good considering Apple just gives them to you for free (even Windows doesn't give you free stock apps since technically they use your data to sell you ads), I don't game so until apple royally screws up there Mac lineup I'm gonna stick to MacOS but I'm having terrible pains deciding what my next laptop will be lol. As for Android, it depends on which phone you buy, but the one I have has near stock android appearance and I just enjoy the UI more than that of iOS not to mention when I had an iPhone I always had to jailbreak to get half the amount features I currently have on my android. Being able to see all my notifications of my phone off my computer is also very nice and I'm not sure if you can do that with an iPhone
Idk I've never followed the NFL or football in general but watch college football every now and then, I think college ball just appeals to the casual fan more so it has more followers, I do think the NBA is a lot better than college basketball though
the phone's been great, I bought it when it was $400 and have been happy with it so far, it's definitely a steal now, dev support is pretty good if you sign up for the beta, battery life is pretty bad but on the plus side quick charge is fantastic. It's a budget phone for sure but if you need a phone for a few months to pass the time between a new flagship phone i'd go for it. Plus when you get a flagship phone down the line you can keep the Robin to play around with custom ROM's (rooting it doesn't void the warranty so you can go nuts).
NFL stadiums aren't big, college stadiums are the big ones
It's the demand unfortunately, that's why we pay so damn much in rent, restaurants probably have to pay ridiculous amounts in rent too im assuming so they raise the prices to compensate (or they just raise prices because they know they can) 
most likely they release it around the time the creator's update rolls out along with an SP5, otherwise i have bad news for you ☹️ 
they should just have 2
I like the design of signal, i like that it seamlessly does SMS, some of my friends use it because they like that it's encrypted and forced me to download it so that's how I started using it, also it has a chrome web app that also has a nice UI
Well I use it because I like the features it has, if there was one all encompassing app then I'd use it out of necessity but it's not the end of the world having so many different apps, personally signal and allo are my two favorite messaging apps and I'll use them with people who want to use them, and I'll use other apps to communicate with other people, also its kind of nice because having a monopoly where one messaging app rules them all isn't the best thing in my view since if I lived in Europe/China I'd be stuck with Whatsapp/weechat and would have no chance of convincing friends to try out new apps
Oh yeah totally agree with that, my UC is supposedly one of the best public schools but tbh I haven't been taught anything here, pretty much learn everything online or from my smarter friends, classes are crazy overimpacted as well 
nextbit robin should do the trick for 6+ months!
there is, you swipe from the left edge of the screen. Before i knew this i hated hamburger menus, now i find them way more useful than navbar icons and i'm bummed to see them start being replaced :/

edit: oh yeah I forgot that having to reach all the way to the left is still a pain on big phones, maybe they should implement a swipe from the right screen edge too to make up for that
Rude 
I mean not arguing with that, I use Whatsapp and as of now think it's way better than allo because of the desktop client, as for established user bases though sadly no one app will satisfy that here in the states, some of my friends use signal, most use imessage, my relatives use SMS, my foreign friends all use Whatsapp, and lots of people I communicate through snapchat with, I use allo with my gf and a few other people, when it has a desktop client though I hope more people use it 
Sadly yes, the problem too is that people talk about all the money that college football teams like Alabama bring to a school but doesn't the distraction of sports end up doing more damage than the money brought in? I mean Alabama football brings in millions of dollars for the school but I don't see that having a positive effect on the school since it still isn't ranked near the top for public schools let alone ivy leagues
I agree that colleges shouldn't recruit so heavily for sports but it seems like ivy leagues are the last guilty of this since they don't give athletic scholarships from what I understand so it's weird that it would be brought up at Yale 
I just want landscape mode 😢 
it has more features than most chat apps i'd say. Customizable themes, stickers, google assistant, cool gif generator, optional encryption mode that can auto delete messages and also prevent screenshots, send message through sms (somewhat annoyingly how it works but still came in handy for me a few times). Honestly all those features are mostly just gimmicks but the reason i do use and enjoy allo is the quick replies, they're just genuinely convenient and fast to use.
yep no way they're ditching lightning, would be horrible from a business sense, they spent money developing the lightning cable and they also make money licensing it, not to mention the whole reason they developed it in the first place is for control which they would lose by replacing it with usb c.
Are there plans for a web version? I thought they were intent on keeping it mobile only
100% agreed, all the years Wenger put out a young inexperienced team 2005-2010 era it didn't matter win or lose watching them because they played attractive football that was a joy to watch and seeing young players not to older than myself develop into stars was amazing
Kind of weird to think that going out in the round of 16 is seen as such a failure of Wengers (although they should have gotten past Monaco a few years back), Tottenham didn't even make it to the round of 16 this year. 
I mean there was a time when google maps and youtube were default apps, I don't think Apple will ever allow people to change their default app to google maps because they have sunk a ton of money into apple maps and it will feel like that money went down the drain if everyone just switches their default app to google maps.
I just bought the Dell 2-in-1 from best buy and have ran into the issues you stated anytime i've wanted to watch videos in HD or play games. I have about 10 days to return it or keep it and i've pretty much made my mind up to return it (the keyboard is quite unenjoyable to use and the trackpad is finicky, I'll definitely look at hte HP spectre now!) 
Just curious would video editing on FCP be possible on a maxed out 2012 mbp? 
i mean by the time they come out with Kaby-Lake mbp's isn't it likely that coffee-lake will be out? Or does apple plan on skipping a generation of processors to catch up with their next refresh? Either way I'd rather Apple start making their own Computer chips again.
oh for some reason I thought we tied in the world cup
I mean the US did beat Germany in a friendly and tie in the world cup with those players so that comment is a pretty rude one to make
definitely agree with that, just look at how bad our team was player for player in 2002 and 2006 but we still played well likely due to the fact that the squad was full of mainstays. 
Worst part is the $30 earpods are overpriced themselves for their sound quality 
The freeways in Southern California are so bad 😢
Well their building it near teslas gigafactory, maybe they've stumbled upon some giga gold mine 
look up the current state of all their stadiums and venues, just less than a year since the olympics and not much to show for the millions they spent, really is a shame.
There's a great deal on the 2016 base model at best buy rn but I'd be stuck with 8GB of ram and 256GB of storage forever, after using my last laptop for 7+ years I don't see how a new laptop could last me even 3 years 😬
Yep most likely gonna buy used, the 2012 and onwards models have replaceable batteries right?
Haha yeah that's also why I ask 😂 obviously if I buy one the first thing I'll do is put in 16 gigs of RAM and swap the optical drive for a 1TB hdd, since you can't do that with newer models without spending ~$2500
I'm guilty of this so much
Eh I think that culture of vapid consumerism definitely applies to western countries in the fashion industry, it would apply in smartphones too but android brands just aren't seen as hip (let alone luxury) devices 
get in Armand traoré 😉 
Shut up with your lying fake news. Wrong! 
Eh I'm no trading expert just have family members that work at funds and they tell me that a traders returns are usually in the teens, single digit returns are bad, and then some traders even go negative, so if OP is doing as well as people whose career it is to bet on stocks then he's doing pretty well by my book 
I don't have a Google home but I recently started shopping on Google express and its awesome, definitely will keep using it after my 3 month trial ends
🍕 
Seriously though, doesn't Apple have Samsung make their batteries and Qualcomm make their modems  (hence the current lawsuit) I think their new oled screens are going to be made by another company too (pretty sure it's Samsung) ,  I think people forget that a lot of tech companies are competitors and customers to each other at the same time. 
I think they wanted to make a phone that "just works"  prior to the pixel I would never have suggested an android to my non tech savvy friends and family. So in a sense Google did want to create an iPhone clone (i.e. a phone that people enjoy using and don't have to deal with constant crashes, ugly bloatware, late OS updates) 
Anything double digits is pretty damn amazing, great job! 
yeah but those companies offer better deals on virtually every plan, the difference is that they don't have as good of customer service and they don't have stores all over the country you can walk into, I'm interested just from a consumer standpoint on what $80 for two lines will get you from other t-mobile plans as well as verizon or at&t
shit are we killing people in Ukraine now...I can't even keep track of all the different people we're killing ☹️
my gf broke her screen last week, it was 2 months after she repaired her previously broken screen :/
I mean no one's forcing you at gun point to use Verizon? People use SMS because it's been unlimited for a long time, and even with unlimited SMS its probably used less then Facebook messenger, imessage, etc. 
Do people actually buy iphones there? $1000 for a phone just seems unjustifiable, my phone was $250 off amazon in the US but priced at $1100 CAD  and over €1000, I feel like despite having great data plans people still get shafted by the price of the phone
What happens if you go over call time? You probably just use Whatsapp for calls so it's not a huge deal for you but I could easily hit 60 minutes in just one day 😬
most people on here are power users too, so we're trying to get more efficiency out of our phones, on top of that we're usually early adopters and trying out new things, so when a new messaging platform comes out and we want to use it but the 99% of other Android users want to stick with the messaging apps they're using it sucks for us. I think one thing all messaging apps could help with however is offer seamless sms integration (signal does this the best out of all the android apps i've used)
same, totally agree, but sadly I think RCS will be a jumbled mess :/
I mean I get that everyone wants to have less apps on their phone, but at the end of the day different apps satisfy different things for different people, I really use my phone mainly for communication, I have 32GB of storage on my phone, it doesn't kill me to have more than 1 messaging app if it means i can communicate with more people. The whole idea that iMessage solves everything is just so off-base, when I had an iphone I still had to download Whatsapp, snapchat, facebook messenger, Groupme, & Google Voice to reach the people I wanted to reach. I still get what you're saying though and i'm sure a majority of people agree with you.
eh I feel like hangouts is the one big screw up by Google, they forced it on us but changed directions later. Phone and Messenger are just your standard phone apps, allo and duo are new and definitely satisfy a niche user group, personally I use them both but I don't mind having multiple texting apps when i can quick reply to everything in N, lastly voice for me personally is great. I can forward my texts to an iphone for instance to use the messages app on my macbook, I can get and reply to my texts by email and I can have my voicemails transcribed, I can log into any browser practically anywhere and go to voice.google.com, the only problem is that they have to fix VoiP because as of now you have to go through hangouts or your phone to call someone on Google Vocie.
6?
Suarez was also a piece of 💩 sometimes while at Liverpool, the whole Evra incident, the ridiculously nasty challenges and kicking out at players, and the biting... He was basically the crazy hot bipolar girlfriend (also not trying to attack him he's a really good person in real life but his behavior was really unprofessional on the field)  
Yeah I was just saying that if he couldn't find any apps worth buying then he could save money in a way he might not have known about (in-app purchases). 
Does iTunes work for in app purchases on the app store? That $30 could pay for a few months (well really only 2) of Spotify 👌 
same, use it with a few people that i forced to download it, don't know why i keep using it but i will say the message delivery is blazing fast as opposed to sms that can take seconds to send sometime
People who music. 
Yep low key the historical Christ was a bit of a mad man 
That's totally possible no doubt about that, my only complaint is that using it on a browser is very slow and laggy which kind of kills the whole time saving/productivity features that inbox offers 😡
Eh there doesn't seem to be any urgency to update it, lots of people are just now discovering it so it's possible that as the user base expands they're able to catch a lot more bugs than they were before 
How do you like the g5? It's the top thing on my wishlist for my next phone but the price of it unlocked is still pretty steep
I had an old iPhone laying around so I setup Google voice text forwarding to that iphone number and now I can text from my MacBooks messaging app while still texting from my androids Google voice app, best of both worlds since I can still use Google voice on any computer at my school and don't have to use Pushbullet/mightytext etc.. (in case you hadn't noticed I really really prefer texting from a computer and keyboard as opposed to my phone lol) 
It's a lot more than just breaking even, investors look at EVERYTHING, a company might be losing money but if their revenue is rising quarter after quarter that's good, if the rise in revenue itself is rising that's really really good, if their cost per dollar earned is lowering quarter after quarter (which is really common for tech companies that are scaling) then that's really good. Conversely a year ago Apple was getting hammered because despite a rise in revenue, the rate at which their revenue was increasing was negative which investors saw as foreshadowing of an eventual drop in revenue.
your right haha right after i posted that comment i searched for some and couldn't find any. For some reason I always thought that the "1984 themed" android tablet commercial a few years back was made by Google  
Crap this whole time I've been struggling to decide between Gboard and Swiftkey now I have to try Swype 😓
They've been doing super bowl ads forever I thought?
I thought it was only supposed to be around $600?
Couldn't the media buttons (◀︎◀︎  ▶︎◼︎  ►►) already control iTunes in other apps?
thanks, i'll check it out!
I used to be addicted to snapchat when I had an iPhone, now i'm afraid my phone is gonna crash every time I try to open a notification..
You have no sales tax 😐 i'm jealous, I know Wyoming doesn't have sales tax but there's only like 2 people that live there.
Still have to pay tax I believe but you can also get free shipping by doing the 3 month trial!
can you still use the Google Voice website and App if you prefer? Also do you use Nexus/Pixel phones? I heard you can use the service with any phone you're just limited to T-mobiles bands only which wouldn't be a problem coming over from T-mobile.
Thanks for the link, still just can't figure out what's wrong :/ maybe my computer needs to have internet access when installing? I'll try and fish out an Ethernet cable when I get home but don't see how that would be necessary. The router I'm installing it for is a Google OnHub by TP-LINK but I was hoping to use the device to handle Internet/wifi in general as my MBP's wifi doesn't work (issue with the motherboard so virtually unfixable, already tried replacing the airport card and clean installing osx)
Thanks for the feedback, I know all that but this was just the quicker method for me as my computer doesn't have internet access rn
What are the main reasons you like it if you don't mind me asking?
Thanks!
thanks!
maybe it varies by location, both lines have $3.34 of taxes and fees for my bill next month, previously they were between $5-6 each
yep billing has got to be the worst part about T-Mobile, the annoying part is that I might lose track of which stuff I was supposed to pay and which stuff is supposed to be part of the promotion. For instance I know that I was supposed to pay the activation fees, but are the taxes included in the promotion? I don't know, and the employees never clear that part up, I may not even want to continue the promotion if it turns out that my bill does substantially go up from taxes/fees :/
it makes happy when things like this happen, reminds me of the fbi-Apple even last year where Google and Facebook supported Apple :)
no question that the mob-rule democracy we have is un-democratic I just think the actual monarchies that existed in the past were pretty bad for lots or reasons and personally the presidential system itself is crazy to me (the idea of one person having so much power), like the founding fathers defected from Great Britain because they didn't want to deal with the king of England, and turned around and practically put one guy in charge of the whole country. I think that the reason our democratic systems haven't been challenged and altered is that people are just used to them and put up with them so sadly I think it will be a very long time before sensible democracy makes it's way to the United States.


Also administrations having longer tenures of power would probably be a good thing because like you suggested, they would be willing to forego quick success for longterm gains.
I would have undoubtedly bought a g5 (even now I'm saving up to get an unlocked one) if the carrier versions didn't remove so many of the cool features like the radio tuner and ir blaster
I think inbox is basically supposed to be Gmail's material refresh since too many people would be angry if it changed
the only problem was that during the times of monarchies, success was usually measured by wars and land won lol
Their business model is crooked, but it's not an illegal monopoly and they'd be nuts to not do it, Qualcomm got very lucky in the same way that lot's of tech companies get lucky, the US patent system will practically let anything be patented, it just sucks for the consumers and the phone manufacturers
I'm guessing it's because people sending you texts would have to give their permission to Google to read their texts, but how would they do that if they're using a non-google SMS client
At the end of the day I just think that if arsenal had better players (by spending more money) then they could win the the league with Wenger, they have the money to do it but the club is run like a business, executives have made a lot of money and their owner is a dickhead
Check out the nextbit Robin! They have some beautiful colors!
have you done that? if so, which phone are you using?
wow I never even thought about this but it's pretty genius haha
I just wish you could use a non pixel/nexus on project fi :/
negative income tax was actually up for debate during the 50's/60's (MLK was a proponent of it during his day) ironically this was during the post-WWII boom when America was manufacturing everything and even then it was well understood that manufacturing jobs would be lost to robots and wouldn't exist forever.  
trump also has a super secret plan to defeat Isis, better take his word
agreed, it should be $5 a month imo 
Actually college textbooks can be around $500 a quarter but I don't see how buying a surface book eliminates the need to buy textbooks so I must be missing something here about how they saved his wallet 😳
Also Android users get choice, despite the leading concensus, iMessage is a pretty awful app, there's not one single thing you can customize within the app and you can't use it on anything that isn't Apple hardware 
Also Android users get choice, despite the leading concensus, iMessage is a pretty awful app, there's not one single thing you can customize within the app and you can't use it on anything that isn't Apple hardware 
Crap I was waiting for it to go down in price so I could buy it 😥
Is there any plugin or extension to get Google now :( even when I ask Siri to close an application she says she's not allowed to, if I ask her to play a song she takes me to the iTunes store where I can purchase that song despite already having it in my library :(
It's kind of like the first Microsoft surface in a way, a software company giving hardware a try, it took Microsoft about 3 iterations to get it right but I expect the pixel 2 to give iPhone a run for its money
From what I understand this is only a U.S. thing right? Doesn't everyone else just use WhatsApp or weechat or ...gasp... sms
Also IR Blasters too for controlling your TV!
What are some of your favorite Android or Mac apps that you get alot of productivity out of but a lot of people might not know of? Also what is your favorite Android launcher? 
Duo and allo don't need to be one service imo, best part about Duo is its simplicity, it'd be cool if allo had a button you pressed to take you straight to duo though
Awesome thanks! 
I actually had the same opinion until I got a phone with front facing speakers, something I just never thought I was missing out on, now I watch videos off my phone without the headphones all the time 
I believe you can stream Netflix in HD? 
Considering they just bought webpass I don't think they will ditch fiber, they'll most likely figure out a solution to "last-mile" infrastructure and see if that works before completely abandoning the project 
personally I love the magic mouse 1 especially since I have BTT installed, however I got it off of Craigslist for $10 so it probably isn't the best mouse out there given the fact that it originally cost ~$100
They'd have a pretty damn good water Polo team as well! 
At the end of the day apple will always have a low p/e ratio because they're a product company (although they're trying to break into the SaaS space) investors won't place too much confidence (I.e. pay too much for shares of Apple) because selling products is risky, Microsoft is more of a company that investors buy into for their vision so they could easily reach 1 trillion before Apple imo, I just don't see Apple reversing the declining iPhone sales atm but who knows maybe they'll pull out another hit product out of nowhere and leave their competition in the dust since at the end of the day they're revenues year after year are pretty extraordinary 
it's pretty sensible practice considering they're business competitors, Apple doesn't sell Fire Tablets and Echos in their Apple Stores, also iPhones can't download apps from Amazon's app store, nor does apple make apps for Amazon's app store nor do iTunes movie and song purchases transfer over to Amazon tablets
Also that's around the time they started releasing a new color iPhone every year which was basically the biggest indicator that they're products are fashion statements 
I'd say it was from the time they were founded up until around the time the ipod came out, up until about 4 years ago I would have defended them since they were still making decent products at a decent price, but the company really has gone to 💩 with their whole form over function thesis
Yeah but the macbook pro isn't a new product line :/ I think Apple products are just becoming more expensive
Doesn't the $5 discount only last for 12 months though? 
I know my comment was kind of rude but yeah i certainly feel ya on all those points 
nah I used to be a blind fanboy. Also if Apple cured cancer they'd find some way to patent it then sue any other company that cured cancer after them 😂
The factories making iphones sure as hell ain't running on renewables
Ever thought that those sites you visit are paid for by ads? 
House Party. Dankest app I've seen in a long time 
yeah I was thinking about either an onhub or Google WiFi so my mom can just manage it from her phone, do you have any recommendations on which one might be a better choice (the house is roughly 2800 sq ft) 
thanks I just checked them out, how on earth are their prices so low!? Im in school up in Santa Barbara and Internet costs about $80 a month for the cheapest option up there (and there's only one ISP that you can buy from) , I'm genuinely curious about Earthlink and how I've not heard of them before haha
it's actually a very politically charged song even more so than imagine, very meaningful and relevant even today
lol didn't he say he was going to get Apple to "start making their damn computers in 'Merica" then said everyone should boycott apple products a few months later 😂 seriously still in denial over how this fucker got elected president... plz kill me 😭
in my opinion it's better because it's just a very very quick and easy process, tap on a contact once and you're video chatting instantly, hangouts offers group video chatting too if I'm not mistaken  
similarly, I don't "need" a MacBook pro
ehh i made the switch from iOS to Android this year and while my love for this new OS has turned me into diehard android-fan who can't imagine going back to iOS anytime soon I can still say without a doubt that the iPhone can't be matched on reliability (maybe the new pixel is the exception)
oh god where is that? is there only one ISP in your area because that's the case for me.
I feel like inheriting your team does make it a lot more special. I have met a handful of Brits at my school though (one even stayed at my house for a few months) and often times they supported Man United or Arsenal even if they weren't from Manchester or London and it was simply because their local team was either in the championship (or lower) division.
meanwhile Obama and Wenger just hang back and enjoy the show
so sad how injuries/bad luck kept theo from building on his 12/13 season :/ he was always my favorite player growing up and I remember that year feeling like he had finally started reaching his potential
what's a reseller? I know my area (central coast-california) is unique in that internet is a monopoly sold by COX 
internet alone costs me $80 a month in my area :(
Personally I couldn't imagine Steve ever ditching the audio jack unless it was to make the phone itself thinner, I still haven't heard one single argument for ditching the audio jack that has made sense to me, but who knows maybe next years phone will be incredibly thin and they just wanted people to go through the pain of switching over to bluetooth a year in advance.
Facebook officially has no chill
I just wish they had the $5 student discount like apple music/spotify i love the service but just cancelled my subscription this month :(
*when you play the game of upvotes you either win or you die
you're telling me football existed before r/soccer?
Shit good point didn't think about his injuries, always thought it was weird that brienne was able to beat him but yeah he was pretty fucked up
worst part is tottenham finished fourth that year 😂  but chelsea got to take their spot in the champions league.
still shocks me when I think about that season when Andre Santos was a regular at left back and gervinho  was a regular out wide... and they came in third just barely ahead of Tottenham...
cough* Brianne of Tarth, on another note it would be unreal if Brianne and Sandor teamed up on the mountain
Rooney is world-class
Shoot I think this is the problem I remember setting the video quality to hd a while back
Thanks i'll check!
How do these companies afford to dish out these huge contracts?? Oh yeah they sell shoes that cost a few dollars to make for $200+ 
gotcha, i kind of figured honestly just wanted to annoy the original comment because it seemed so rude, as for negrito is it really a derogatory slur because I know there was that whole suarez thing? I feel like with all of these slang words it's just a game of devils advocate where the connotation of a word changes from it's original meaning and people use that as an excuse to keep using the word, case in point 'puto' that is clearly homophobic but then fans will justify it and say its not
except that every translation i've found of it means "simply foreigner" so...
Kinda sad considering it was the U.S. that totally fucked over Cuba's economy and forced them into trade with the Soviet Union since that was the only option they had, if anything the cubans should be mad that we took so long to lift the embargo and kept their nations economy in the shitter 
seriously though why are people butthurt over this? if they had chosen to play any other country it wouldn't bother anyone I mean not very many people care about the sport so why all the hate (i'm talking about all the comments on twitter)? 
yeah because this game is totally being played for competitive purposes
doesn't gringo translate to foreigner? i'm kinda confused why it gets used in place of 'american' so often, same thing with yankee, i feel like 99% of the people who use that word don't know what it means, oh well.
good thing we're playing them in soccer and not baseball 
except that the 30% cut in revenue renders itself useless when people don't use the app store to subscribe to the service because it costs them more, so no Apple is only doing this to hinder competition/squeeze extra money out of the app store.
but all they have to point out is that hey this subscripiton will cost you $13 a month but if you take 2 minutes to go on safari and sign up, it'll cost you $10 a month
what I don't get about netflix/youtube red/hulu etc.. and all these companies that are practically being robbed by the app store policiy is why they don't just let people sign up through a mobile browser like safari, it'd be so easy to implement and then the user already has a profile to sign into the app with
If apple only cared about that then they would do it...and not take 30% of a company's revenue. So no I wouldn't say Apple caring about the user experience has anything to do with this.
which phone do you use on it? I saw that the 5x is $200 when you sign up
amazon has an amazing return policy, you can absolutely still return it unless it's a sketchy third  party vendor
hmm I don't know, Pellegrini did coach Real Madrid though so I feel like that was a good stepping stone for handling the Spanish media and handling a lot of big egos on La Roja like Sergio Ramos 
Just curious but why do you guys think England does so well in qualifications? I mean surely they deserve some credit for that considering lots of better teams bottle it like the netherlands did.
Pellegrini?
French government has gotta be pretty happy with all the taxes they're collecting from the massively expensive contracts PSG's been dishing out haha
hunger games canon blares out in the stadium at the final whistle
yup yup yup basically after this one broke I'm just not going to bother buying another one because it will inevitability just break again 😒
thanks everyone for the responses! 
why is there no music.youtube.com website :( Love the UI for Youtube Gaming just not into videogames but i use youtube music on my phone all the time
is it true that if you buy a chromecast you get 3 months of google play/youtube red included?

https://www.google.com/contributor/welcome/ i wouldn't mind a future in which a small percentage of the population paid for services like this while the rest could just deal with the barrage of ads we get these days kind of like a Spotify model
Yeah i've only done the 2-hour shipping once, but they recommended  I include a generous tip (kinda off topic but theres a big debate about the of the broken tipping system in America since it is not a custom in many countries) like if they made everyone pay like 50 cents more for their order it would make up for the people who don't tip lol. currently up at school but when I move back to Southern California I'm Definately giving Amazon Fresh a try!

Also wondering what shows you like on it, I don't watch too much tv, the only original i've watched on it was Mad Dogs and I loved it!
you can buy amazon video by the month now if you just wanna binge the shows you like when they release then cancel until the next season comes out, and yeah i feel you I love the HBO and Showtime content on Amazon now that HBO/Showtime are so expensive on their own
Honestly all Bezos had to say was "look we're a competitor in this space, Apple stores don't sell fire sticks or chromecasts, and the Google store doesn't sell Apple Tv's or firesticks because we're all pushing our own products" rather than just filibuster his way out of the question, by the time he finished answering I didn't even know what the original question asked was even about, like did it have to do with technical difficulties or did it have to do with taking competitors market share away? 
how much of the demand for actuaries stateside is due to the overall mess of the U.S. Health insurance sector and all of its complications/regulations? Does, say, Switzerland, a country with a working model of privatized health care have just as much demand as the U.S. or do they have similarly less demand like their neighboring coutnries that are single payer systems (socialized/government healthcare)
gotcha, in the case of cheap phones i think it makes perfect sense for cell companies to sell those, the subsidizing of smart phones just seems like an unsustainable money-loser as each company will just keep trying to match their competitors and the happy consumer who's paying $15 a month for their iphone probly doesn't realize theyre overpaying for their cell-service
Just wondering what you guys think about my opinion which is that cell phone companies in the US need to drop there retail arms, now that Apple and others have their own iPhone upgrade programs people can afford their phones by means other than their cell phone company subsidizing the cost upfront, AT&T/Verizon/t-mobile et. al. Should be focusing on their core business which is cell service, from what I understand the UK and many European counties have much better and even less expensive cell service, it never occurred to me how unneeded the retail aspect of cell phone companies was until I read a piece by Mossberg a few months back 
i stand corrected, Alphabet's p/e ratio is in the 30's, still everytime they pass Apple in market cap they go under the microscope and investors start panicking and their stock shoots back down, when companies are valued that high the biggest question to investors is whether or not the company is being over-valued, that is why Spotify (a relative little guy compared to Apple, Google) will keep being funded, investors see them as a company with a remarkable subscriber base that's still growing with a singular focus (spotify doesn't need stores of cash tucked away to fund crazy projects like Apple because they're focused on streaming and nothing else) people will always pump money into a growing company so despite all your excellent points about how flawed spotify's business model is, VC culture in and of itself is very flawed as well.
in regards to the first point that was kinda my point i think a lot of people would be turned off from spotify if they cancelled the free service at the drop of a hat, the only option that would make sense would to slowly kill it off, kind of how itunes slowly killed off beats music by announcing its death like a year in advance (itunes radio seemed to be killed off without warning but at least people were given 3 months of apple music around the same exact time the service was killed off so that was some consolation)
...also in regards to tim cook, he's done a pretty amazing job at Apple and won't suffer the same fate as Balmer who nearly killed Microsoft, but yes I believe Apple is having trouble hiring and retaining top talent and that's due to an overall lack of direction, the fact remains that Steve Jobs was irreplaceable and Apple will most likely miss out on the next 'tech revolution' just as Microsoft did with the mobile revolution, they're the most valuable company in the world but staying at the top is a hell of a lot harder than getting there because there's all to lose, why else is Alphabet a company with a 60+ p/e ratio surpassing Apple (last time I checked p/e ratio in the teens/20's) in market cap, its because investors now have them under the microscope analyzing every mis-step, hiccup etc.
They'll just increase the f frequency of ads and that'll just turn more people to the paid tier or they'll cancel the free tier, VCs keep giving them money because they have the largest subscriber base in the world of music streaming not exactly a fledgling business plan rather an extremely successful one, maybe the guys running Spotify just happen not to be bean counters which is more than I can say for Tim cook unfortunately
I like that I can look everything up on my phone and cast it, and be able to close that app or even look around for the next show to watch, that is not a functionality the apple TV has, the price doesn't really factor into it, if the apple TV and Chromecast costed the same I'd still choose Chromecast, also I found the app beamer to work way better than airplay mirroring and used it for both Chromecast and apple tv
whatsapp now has a mac app, also google hangouts is great too
exactly, people have different opinions, i bought an apple tv 3 and 4 each one got used a couple of times then i was back to using the chromecast, simply put its my favorite streaming device and I love the fact that all i need is my phone/tablet/computer to use it, i returned the atv 4 immediately and am still trying to sell the atv 3 atm
i love you
#emacsMasterRace
yep i feel the same way luckily this guy subleasing from me last summer had the regular edition but didn't have a record player lol so we would just play it on mine every evening 😍
nice, do you happen to have the deluxe edition record of his first album? i've wanted to pick it up for a while but was just curious if the quality was any good since I usually don't buy records new/unused and last i checked it was going for around $30 online 😁
tbh i tried using icloud for everything, i paid for the 0.99 50GB plan for about 7-8 months and ended up going back to google drive, im sure apple will improve a lot over the next couple years but for now Google drive is just the better product and saves me lots of time and headache unlike iCloud drive, now all i have on icloud are backups and am back with the free 5GB tier, as for photos i use google photos because its convenient if youre already using drive but i hear flickr is a good option as well
no commercials and miles better quality television is what they get...
I need dis too :o
oh god yedlin's first touch 😂😂😂 still good to see him getting playing time
Then again I'd love to see Barca lose the final and Atletico win the ucl/league double just cuz I love underdogs haha
I've heard of those but what specifically are they (now and now on tap) just curious?
for me i'd say not paying for a bundle of services when I only need one or two of them, also not being tied down to a contract. case in point right now I pay for internet through COX and a no-contract cell phone plan 2GB's a month through T-Mobile, a few years ago I would have been paying for internet, home phone, cable (+a few add-on channels) through COX and I would have been on one of those two-year unlimited data contracts where your cell phone gets subsidized up front through AT&T/Verizon. Pretty substantial additions to the monthly bill which really adds up over a full year
Very true most of the clothes I buy is made/manufactured in the states and even though it's more expensive it also lasts a long time which I think a lot of people don't realize, it's not as easy for electronics though since as mentioned before a product can be made up of dozens of components assembled in different factories, are there any resources we as consumers have to know whether the products we're buying were made by slaves basically?
And personally I don't think it should be the focus of the west to try and compete with China on manufacturing jobs, I just don't see it fixing any solutions to our problems and it most likely will be a big waste of time, energy, and money, I would like to see the factory workers in China (and Vietnam,Bangladesh etc...) be given safer working conditions, some of those factories truly look nightmarish to work in and there's no doubt big companies like Nike and Apple can force the manufacturers to provide decent working conditions for their workers
pretty sure forcing companies to make products in the US will just speed up the automation of making these products i.e. the jobs won't even exist for anyone let alone the people in China, also I feel like we shouldn't be promoting low-skilled factory jobs (as opposed to high-skilled factory jobs, many of which still exist stateside), nobody wants to work these types of jobs except people that have no other options, I like what Sanders says about giving people free higher education but isn't this a little contradictory, I mean people with a college degree aren't going to want to build iPhones in a factory? 
perfectly sums up my feelings, I used to think I was bad at math until I took physics my sophomore year of high school it made calculus all of a sudden just click, learning to solve real world problems with math is just amazingly more useful imo and makes the process of learning math more of a series of eureka moments where all of a sudden a concept can suddenly just make sens rather than have to memorize equations you can start solving problems with common sense. the math department is very impacted at my university so I took a foundations in computer science class to replace one of my required discrete math classes, honestly don't think I could have survived the discrete math class but the cs class made the concepts so easy to understand
i bought a nest thermostat last christmas, really has been a solid investment, its a really great product, just thought id add that.
Really want to watch a documentary on the Japanese asset price bubble of the 80s, what lead to the "lost decade" in Japan, also a documentary on the future/potential of big data
yeah it does seem like going forward a lot of devices won't be using bluetooth 2.0, im pretty sure the new magic trackpad is bluetooth 4.0 only. gotta love these old macbook pros how you can just open them up and upgrade their components so easily, i did the same with the storage/memory in my laptop as well 
just curious, other than continuity/handoff what other features can bluetooth 4.0 provide to an aging macbook pro? (i currently have a 2010 mbp but don't really see myself upgrading anytime soon as its still working perfectly fine, I am interested in adding bluetooth 4.0 to it though)
duck duck go
it's called ppp look it up, I see a post like this once a month
very true i used to always go for at least 32GB for my phone, but since i subscribed to itunes match I found that I could do with 16 GB easily now that I don't have to download my music, plus with tmobile's stream everything i can stream as much music/tv that i want, obviously this isn't the case for everyone though and my situation is probably unique
they do it because they can, both my grandparents have iphones (as well as my parents who are even less tech savvy than my grandparents), they'll never need more than 16GBs and neither will a lot of other consumers, they (APPL) make a lot of money this way because people put up with it and still buy the phones.
of course the first time i updated transmission in months/possibly years was 9.20.........
I've given up music to be a redditor full time 
now they'll finish above us, all thanks to you...
Should I swap out the airport card for a newer one in my 2009 macbook pro, if I do what performance benefits will i see?
wow this was a super informative answer thanks, and yeah I understand that broadband is lightning fast and cellular has a ways to go in terms of catching up but I feel like wireless companies are in competition for who has the speediest network while isp's want to throttle speeds 
I wouldn't say that only those countries contain the 'best' academies since a lot of the best players in the world are developed in argentina/brazil, but just like in the original post you could simply say that the reason the academies in europe are so good is because they invest the most money in their academies its really not hard to put two and two together here.
yep public funds should not go towards professional sports teams, especially when NFL teams/owners/players are already making huge fortunes
check out the attendance figures for Michigan/LSU/Alabama/Ohio State/Penn State/Texas/Notre Dame http://fs.ncaa.org/Docs/stats/football_records/Attendance/2014.pdf
not even Barcelona can match these figures (i know its comparing apples to oranges but still very impressive)
yeah i guess it isn't so much that college sports have "preserved" the sport, but rather they just haven't caught up to the nfl in terms of revenue
they were in L.A. for a while, the people of L.A. didn't want to use their own tax dollars to fund an NFL stadium (pretty logical if you ask me) so the team moved to St. Louis, a city with nothing going for it and thus agreed to foot the bill for a stadium, now that the stadium's old and St. Louis doesn't want to pay for a new one they're moving back to L.A. (i could be wrong but thats what it sounds like) also this whole "teams picking up and moving across the country on a whim" is why college sports are much much more heavily supported in the states.
honestly after the hit Mourinho took to is CV this season, if he's able to right the ship at Man U and upend Guardiola's stacked city team, he will certainly go down as one of the greatest managers of all time. No matter how you look at it Mourinho is taking on the tougher challenge and thats something I can respect while Guardiola clearly took another easy route just as he did when he went to bayern
thats cool, Granada sounds like a pretty cool place, now if i can only stop picturing Grenada whenever i read a match report about them...
eh tbf if watford can become solid mid-table prem team then their club value will soar as will all the premier league teams over the next decade thanks to tv money, additionally with more lucrative and fair tv deals coming into place in la liga you can expect granada to raise in valuation as well, there is still so so much untapped potential in commercial revenue for football so if you're a fan of the sport why not invest in it? I even remember reading a couple of reports explaining how the owners of manchester city as well as psg expect to actually **make** money on their investments somewhere down the line which tells you how much of cash cow football is capable of becoming when these owners expect to recoup the billions that they've spent and actually make money
to be fair the rules worked brilliantly to keep the league afloat and growing over the past 20 years. when you consider theyre competing with the nba, nfl, mlb, nhl, college football, college basketball, and of course their biggest competition of all: ucl, premier league, Serie a, bundesliga, liga max, etc.. like seriously these people running the mls deserve a Nobel prize in Economics, on the other hand something tells me the mls is just a giant ponzee scheme that's going to come crumbling down one day :|
I think it's the fact that there really is little volatility to googles core business model: search engine ad revenue, apples a product company if they came out with a disastrously terrible iPhone one year they could lose a ton of money over that one year, Google could virtually stop innovating on google search and it would still take years before bing could catch up to them and actually start stealing revenue away, same goes with YouTube, there just isn't anyone threatening googles revenue stream which is why they like to be market disrupters (I.e. Project fi, android, Google express, play music, Google fiber, project sunroof etc..) it truly is a healthy company and the faith Wall Street shows in them reflects that
Yup I think this is why college ball usually has such better atmospheres, rather than drive an hour to the stadium the fans spend that time just getting drunk 
haha im guessing one of those pasties apps from like 2008 
haha the way you worded that just made me think of the app being like a drunken one-night stand or some crazy ex 😂
its very possible that there could be a reduction in ticket prices just due to the fact that the product the premier league is selling is  live "televised" football, and seeing a packed stadium definitely makes for a better product than seeing a half empty stadium, thus the league would want to incentivize clubs not to price fans out seeing a match
win.
if this is true how has every single person on "rich kids of tehran" not been given life-sentances in prison?
Maybe cuz all those countries you just mentioned are about < 10% of the muslim world, they also happen to be countries that were exploited by imperialism for the past two centuries. There's violence caused in the name of all religions, especially christianity, but if you look the average christian they'll simply dismiss those violent acts as un-christian, same goes for Hindus, same for Buddhists, same for Jews, etc..
I powered on my iphone 3g a few weeks ago and guess what? I was actually quite shocked at how beautiful the old OS design was. I had let all the hate it gets on this sub convince me that I'd be holding a caveman's tool in my hand but nope the skeumorphic design was very very aesthetically pleasing, given the CPU restraints of the phone back then I felt that the OS that accompanied those early iPhones was actually pretty great.
well im not gonna argue over something that can be googled in 2 seconds
Well Brendan Rodgers was arguably the best the season he finished second (but imo it was just suarez carrying the team not Rodgers' work himself), and yes Northern Ireland is part of the U.K. and Ireland as a whole is one of the british isles.
Just curious as many of the best british managers seem to be scottish or Irish, are there currently any English managers better than Pardew?
that'd be great, maybe a Nasri own-goal as well but he'll most likely not make it off the bench for city
Hope Jenkinson comes back already feel he's better than Debuchy
thanks looks like I have quite a few modems to consider :) 
thanks, reviews look promising and it's got 4 & 1/2 out of 5 stars. also gotta say with that price tag + Jet.com's 20+% off sale this keeps the total cost of the modem + OnHub under $200 which has me pretty stoked :D
awesome i'll check this out

The saddest part of this is that a lot of great managers like fergie needed time to start getting results, had fergie had the start he did at united in today's time people would be calling for his head after half a season
yup basically thats where i see the smartwatch headed if its going to be a success 
umm is this an attempt at trolling?
It's like the british isles threw a party and forgot to invite scotland
thaks honestly these look perfect
there are a lot reasons the stock is volatile that are just based on product life-cycles, for instance they decided to release premium cameras back-to-back years which is why they didn't meet expectations with the new cameras this year since go-pros typically last 2-3 years. Because of this the stock may very well bounce back this year as all the people buying cameras 2 years ago will be ready to buy a new one. There are also lots of other weirdly related variables that will determine the company's success, for instance they have a near-monopoly on virtual reality filming right now which is starting to get more popular. All in all they are probably not a good stock to bet on, I only picked it up because of how far it had fallen and the fact that it has a slight chance of making a comeback.
I don't think you can honestly, their competitors are companies like sony that make tons of other products where as gopro is soley action-camera which also lets them market their product more since its their only priority.
well she likes listening to audiobooks when she's working out so I have a feeling she won't have to connect the earbuds to the watch at all since she usually has her phone at the gym. as for price range, the watch im buying her is $250 so i'd want to get some bluetooth earbuds in the $100 price-range, I'll look into the wireless powerbeats because they routinely pop up on Amazon for around $100 just have heard bad things about beats quality (not worried about audio quality at all more of just wear and tear quality; i've heard beats fall apart rather quickly) what's your experience with them?
wouldn't say it "surged" I actually just bought some stock in GoPro about 2 weeks ago when it got under $20, thought that was surely the lowest it would go, yesterday it hit $16 and now its up to $18. To put this into context it was trading in the high $60's earlier this year
gps, LTE/4G capabilities, bigger storage, bigger screen, longer battery, better speaker, better microphone, change the favorites button to volume buttons, iphone-like force touch features, front facing camera, etc... obviously these are all ridiculous demands but they're all features that will make smart watches a worthwhile device for a majority of people


edit: also faster performance, better screen visibility in sunlight, latest bluetooth capabilities to improve speed
Not on the level of City? I'd argue they're above City's level and on par with Juventus who barely squeaked by City. Cazorla, Ozil, Sanchez, Koscielny, Cech, Coquelin, Walcott, Chamberlain, Mertesacker, and even Monreal could thrive in all those teams mentioned.
well with the squad they have they should be, but you're right they probably dont have a chance this year, i mean they still have to qualify for the knockout stage.
eh in my opinion arsenal is a much stronger side than both those teams mentioned, also I think its worth mentioning that the premier league is just more demanding then many other leagues which is why their teams falter so often despite looking like clear favorites on paper (e.g. arsenal losing to monaco, olympiakos, zagreb etc.)
I wouldn't say their doing worse than ever in Europe, honestly I just view the last few years as Spain being exceptionally strong. When you think about it English teams have probably been the second best over the past 4 years in Europe (chelsea won the champions league just 3 years ago. Germany only has one team that consistently challenges for the champions league (bayern), Italy only has one team that challenges (juventus), France has one team that challenges (psg), England usually has around two teams challenging (chelsea and arsenal in the past man u), and spain remarkably has 3 teams (atletico, real, and barca)
ooh didn't know that thanks. Honestly I wonder how the increasingly lucrative tv deals will effect lower league clubs even if they keep the same proportion of money shared with the lower leagues I feel like the disproportional nominal increase in revenue will give the 1st division teams a huge advantage over any of the teams coming up each year
don't forget germany has 18 teams in its first division, not that it makes that much difference, but each team gets a little bigger slice of the pie than if there were 20 teams
Sorry for the late comment. It really just has to do with my work being very fragmented and unorganized between the work I do on my laptop and the work I do on the desktops in the computer labs at my school. I guess its hard to explain but having multiple screens and stuff helps me work and the cpp.sh helped me loads for testing out functions that I would isolate and see if they worked before implementing them into whatever project/lab I was working on. Also it'd be fun to mess around on similar sites for other programming languages to just mess around with as I'm just beginning to learn them. Being able to text-edit then compile on the same page with a simple click of the button is pretty convenient as opposed to editing something in terminal on EMACS then compiling it through there. tldr; my coding process for schoolwork is very strange and maybe counter-intuitive but works for me :)
Do you remember the life you had (presumably) at one point in time?
Exactly at the end of the day they're all just ridiculously overpriced shoes (cost a few bucks to make and sell for hundreds) made by little kids in Vietnam.
Thanks I'll check it out.
Thanks, and thanks. And thanks again! 
did both
got it thanks a bajillion!
any chance you could explain how to do that? im pretty new at this stuff tbh
Yep I bought Fitbit thinking I would sell if it hit $50. Well it hit $50 but then dropped down to $40 on the same exact day during after hours trading. Then it dropped and it dropped and it dropped then it slightly rebounded but still a loss of like $5 per share. Don't even know why i'm still holding onto it since the company looks doomed to me. 
wtf I never heard shit bout that o_0
cool that was actually going to be my course of action (switch it back on after changing the icons), good to know that it will already work! And yeah the only thing I *really* wanted to do was change the icons just cause I like designing my own little app icons its just sort of a hobby and I was pretty bummed when they did away with the users ability to change the native apps, but i was curious as to what other sort of things SIP restricts that was allowed on Yosemite?
they've actually been generating a ton of revenue, just not very much in comparison to what they keep getting valued at (i think 10 billion last time i checked which is pretty grossly overvalued imo)
maybe he could use his influence to shed light on the fact that the cost of a 'public education' is pretty nuts these days :o 
I took them at the same time, was very manageable just got fugged on the finals (both were a lot harder than the midterms/homeworks up to that point) but I'm not even that good at math and was able to....umm...pass both...
van buyten's like 40 dude, try toby or vertoghen as kompany's defensive partner and you've got a solid center back pairing
gotcha, will i still get the imessages on my computer though?
yeah i mean its not the end of the world if i can't make customizations to my computer, are there any other things that SIP restricts?
why is this important?

woah they sell iPhones :0 thanks for the tip I would have never known that actually!
truly the scum of the earth
im using a 6-7 year old macbook pro, would that be considered beyond the support period? Are there any actual security issues I should worry about if i disable SIP? Also thanks for the response, its much appreciated :)
is that through safari/chrome then?
I think its because it devalues google play music completely, no one would pay for their music streaming service if they could access all the music they want for free on youtube
yeah, messenger.com is pretty awesome imo, its just so uncluttered
Googles actually forced almost all of those third-party apps to be taken off the app store iirc
my question is: does ok google on your laptop work better than cortana? because that would be a clear indicator of cortana's power rather than having to guess whether or not you're computer's mic is faulty/garbage
any update? did you try it out? i'm looking to do the same :o
I mean it is a lot easier to cater to the US market considering the people building the products are living and working in the US, when you release your products in foreign countries you have to abide by that countries guidelines/laws/codes and regulations etc. that's why a lot of products in Europe are so much more expensive because they have different taxes on electronic goods
funny that you mention this, during a time when Bernie Sanders is being criticized for being a socialist, most people don't realize how incredibly socialist the United States government is already set up (even more-so then most European countries), nearly every industry is heavily, heavily subsidized by taxes in order to lower the costs that are levied onto the consumer, just take a look at the meat industry, for every $4 an American pays for meat whether at the store or at McDonalds, the government is paying $7 of your meal (the meal would have cost $11 without the government subsidies to farmers/food suppliers/food chains). Basically the government thinks providing big macs to the poor is more important than providing health care to them if you really think about it.
When will the discussion shift to our appetite for red-beef though? Every time this topic goes unmentioned it makes me want to buy a big yellow hummer just to annoy those who think electric cars are gonna save the planet somehow.
well iCloud.com would be considered a web interface, it's just pretty slow imo
interesting I might just end up buying a 27" imac then since apparently the RAM is user accessible and it can support up to 64gb which is a feature I rather like.
yeah, gotta say the politics of these big companies is pretty cut-throat sometimes and can be just as interesting as the actual tech itself haha. Anyway the past 5-10 years has pretty much seen Apple, Google, and Microsoft create a stranglehold on the tech world by just buying out as many startups/competitors as possible it seems like (well maybe that's just been Google doing that since they're a younger company and had to play catch-up) it'll be interesting to see if another company ever steps into the arena with the big 3, the only one I could see having a chance is Facebook (maybe Amazon if they start making decent hardware..)
damn thats crazy!
wow thanks for the correction, that's pretty crazy!
well they updated the keyboard and trackpad (: too bad they'll burn a hole in your wallet tho );
Should I buy a mac mini (sometime in the next few weeks) or is true that they're releasing a new mac mini sometime this year? Also are mac minis built like the non-retina mbp's in the sense that you can actually upgrade the specs yourself a few years down the line?
they seem cool, but as someone who's had 2 bikes stolen this year alone and have had some friends had their boards stolen i'd be careful dropping $800 on a skateboard that you'll be using in IV and on campus
if its ssd then you don't have to worry about it slowing down if you fill it up, this is because-in short-there are no moving components
jesus christ this is a scary situation, also what an unbelievably fucked up person to do something like that :/
my problem with keeping your ID in your phone is that you must have a phone that virtually never runs out of battery, same goes with replacing your wallet, what happens when your phone runs out of battery and you need to buy dinner? What works for me is i just have a credit card slot in my phone case and that replaces my wallet rather than the phone's software itself replacing it
im running el capitan on my '09 macbook pro and it works perfectly fine :) honestly I'll be bummed if I don't get another 2-3 years out of this computer just cuz I upgraded to an SSD this year and its outperforming my housemates & friends brand new PC's!
sounds like an interesting/good show but the title sounds so dumb imo...
I'd like apple pay (not like a hold your computer up to a card scanner thing more like just a synced apple wallet across all your devices so you can just scan your finger when you buy something on amazon per se), also i'd like to start seeing laptops like the macbook with cellular connectivity just like they have with iPads, I think that it would be very popular but maybe thats just me
I was wondering what LiteIcon does as opposed to pulling up an application in Finder and just changing the image through getinfo? i'm wondering just because when I try to got he latter route I usually get that image of a blank white page with png. on it.
hmm it didn't come with mine or maybe it did and got taken out when i upgraded to mavericks, anyway im using a 2009 macbook pro and the iWork applications sell for $60 total in the app store so im just sticking to the free browser version for now
i think it would be a lot smoother transition than the last charger change, i personally wouldn't mind having to buy a couple charger adapters [think something like the little extension on this but all by itself](http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00LP4GOC8/?linkCode=xm2&tag=thewire06-20&ascsubtag=WC24710)
simply due to the fact that the shapes are so simlar between the two chargers whereas the adapters for the last transition were [very awkward and unstable](http://gizmodo.com/5942656/this-is-the-ugly-iphone-5-lightning-adapter-youll-need-for-all-your-old-accessories) 
  edit: by unstable i mean it felt like the lightning connector would snap of when using it
Hw got posted today I'm just gonna guess the midterms/final will look a lot like the hw 
Wow thanks, that actually explains a lot haha
maybe snapchat too?
ive been getting the "The installer disc could not be found." error. I have a 64-bit iso downloaded copy of Windows 7 (its not off the microsoft store though so I don't know if its a legitimate copy). I also have an official windows 10 64-bit iso download bought off the microsoft store (i can't use this one though since my mac is a 2009 model so i was just gonna install Windows 7 first). I guess my question is do I need multiple flash drives/flash drive plus a burnable dvd-r, or can i do this all off of one flash drive and just put the windows 7 download on the flashdrive thats also has the windows support software put on it from the first step in bootcamp?
do you know where I can find an iso of windows 7? microsoft doesn't offer it through their store anymore and apparently I can only install windows 7 since my mac is old (and then i can upgrade once i'm booted in). 
if I bring my macbook pro (non-retina) to the genius bar will they install windows via bootcamp for me? i'm usually pretty good at figuring out these sort of things through online guides and how-to's but I just can't figure out how to perform bootcamp i keep getting weird errors that aren't mentioned anywhere in the guides i've found :/
if you have an xbox one or a friend with one you can just bootcamp windows and stream the game through the xbox pc streaming service ive heard it works really well
edit: you'd have to buy the game for xbox one as well
Once in a lifetime (should be free on YouTube) can't recommend it enough, in my top 10 favorite documentaries of all time and the only sports doc in my top 10 :)
thanks! also how do dividends fluctuate from year to year? do they change by the quarter based off the companies performance that quarter or are they determined at the start of the year as a set price and issued out each quarter/half-year no matter what the companies performance was?
oh I see, so the yield % is only big as a result of the stock suffering (as in they are dependent upon each other in this case?), for instance if the stock hadn't dropped so much would the yield have been lower?
[ok....](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQCU36pkH7c) , honestly though i'm grasping at straws to understand what makes you believe any of what you said, deprive them of their right to make a living? Are you delusional?
costco and trader joe's for everything i need, what i spend really varies though a lot since I just kind of buy whatever looks good at the time, so between $80 - $120 every 1-2 weeks
it was a snapchat story of a friend and I don't know how to save those :( apparently Del tha funky homosapien performed for Clint Eastwood too though!
Honestly just go by yourself if you can't find anyone (definitely don't skip out), I saw them twice this year and they were great both times and totally switched up there show the second time! Also if your not sober it will be easy to meet new people there :) sorry if this doesn't help/answer your question at all lol
tru luv :)
how do you set up your airport express as a wifi extender, whats a good range to set it from your modem/router? Anyone have any previous experience with using it as a wifi extender?
thanks!!
that looks like a really good turntable, all i can tell you is I have an audio technica and have been very satisfied with the quality of it, also if its been used heavily a simple replacement of the cartridge/needle should make it good as new, if you really want a professional opinion maybe ask someone on /r/vinyl just cause I'm no expert on the matter, good luck though and I hope you can finally listen to plastic beach scratch/skip free, its my favorite album and I love blasting my copy from my speakers :)
yeah my turntable needs speakers, it has an internal amp but you're gonna buy an amp to get the most out of the speakers, [this is the turn table](http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002GYTPB8?psc=1&redirect=true&ref_=oh_aui_detailpage_o05_s00), [heres the amp](http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0049P6OTI?psc=1&redirect=true&ref_=oh_aui_detailpage_o06_s00) , [and these are the speakers](http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B009IUIV4A?psc=1&redirect=true&ref_=oh_aui_detailpage_o08_s00) , all of them were about 50% their current price when I bought them, you just gotta wait until the price is right or just hunt for a bargain on your own, I actually got the speakers after seeing them posted on [budget audiophile] (https://www.reddit.com/r/BudgetAudiophile) 
i still remember thinking Terry was finished after that game Arsenal won 5-3 at the bridge (he slipped up and gifted RVP the winner), it was like every pundit was saying he was past it, he was getting hammered by the media for what he said to A.Ferdinand that season too as well as kneeing alexis sanchez in the back in the UCL, who would have thought 3-4 years later he'd be at the top of his game again leading his team to the premier league title.
eh I guess i'm not a good judge on what makes boba "good" but I got the green tea blended drink with boba and it was really really good, just super pricey so I only got it once, I love there donuts also!
sometimes after a weekend practice a bunch of my team-mates and I go to In-N-Out, I usually devour 2 double-doubles 2 fries and a shake and am still hungry afterwards, its pretty great!
there are quite a few places in IV that have boba now~spudnuts,I love seoul food, pho bistro, and hana kitchen, never tried the one at albertsons though and can only assume its better than the ones in IV (hopefully cheaper too)
thats what I'm hoping for so bad! Also couldn't afford the bootlegged versions anyway their like $100+ 
gotcha so its basically someone burning a cd but with vinyl? I didn't really understand the terminology of bootlegging.
gotcha but is there any advantage to having the gaucho health insurance other than the fact that your parents can't see you buying birth control/paying for std tests...like why is it automatically included in our tuition cost (automatically included as in you have to opt-out to not be charged for it).
you could buy your ticket for the downtown one (assuming your leaving sb headed south) and board at goleta, you'll save a few bucks cuz they never check your ticket immediately, just a tip ;)
I'm curious how much money are you saving/not being charged if you waive your student health insurance. I get my health insurance through my dad (which he gets through his work), and i assume many other students do too, would their be any advantage of keeping my student health insurance?
I believe it, I know it's not a rare album since I monitor vinyl prices online all the time and thats usually the best indicator of whether an album is rare or not, that being said I've never seen it stocked in a record store 
The fall, Laika come home, and the singles collection are all really rare too (upwards of $100), also plastic beach isn't rare online but I think the guy who posted was excited to see it in store because you don't see it in stores very often so it probably seemed rare to him idk really
I'm assuming right in front of san miguel/san nic i've definitely seen them before
Im really astonished it hasn't been repressed considering all the crap that gets regurgitated on vinyl these days like seriously its easily one of the defining albums of the decade in my book and would sell like crazy on vinyl
ooh thats my favorite suggestion so far :)
so true I remember my brother bought me one of those crossley record players that fold up into a briefcase for my birthday one year, not only did the needle horrifically skip constantly but the speaker wasn't even as loud as my laptop, it was like one of those gifts that you have to be appreciative of because it was such a nice gesture but in reality the thing was a piece of junk that wasn't even as enjoyable as just listening to an iPod, so yes the equipment is very important!
side A on the first record is perfection, after that side C is my second favorite to listen to, of course if I have time i just listen to the album in order all the way through :)
thanks i'll try that
interesting, I wasn't aware people donated to D1 sports teams considering their fully funded by the school
just curious was it a club sport or D1 sport?
just putting this out there, you could easily learn python (or any other programming language for that matter) online. There are tons of resources and websites, if you want I could post a handful of them on here! also there are online courses offered through other universities that you could take as well.
anyone know the exact book these illustrations are from? I want!
I'm getting a double in computer science but i'm curious why you would recommend not majoring in act sci if I want to work as an actuary?
these things just attract people from outside of the UCSB community to come, in fact most of Deltopia blowing up can be attributed to the Youtube channel SB party scene a few years back, I'd recommend making a video about the memorial paddle out if you want to make better use of your time.
what is LookupViewService if you don't mind me asking, never heard of it before.
I forget which book it was, but my brother had to read a book in high-school that was set in the depression and the plot centered around a man who had a dilemma on his mind, he figured that if he couldn't find money to support himself through a wage and a job he would choose to rob a church (i believe it was a church), his reasoning was if he successfully robbed the church he'd have money to live on and if he was unsuccessful (got caught) he would at least be provided food and shelter in prison. I'm sure I utterly butchered the story but it seems like purposely committing a crime in order to go to prison was a real life escape from starving on the streets for some people.
maybe you answered your own question though, i.e. its the ultimate vacation spot so people vacation there but don't live there per se.

Whats been going on with the Dutch team ever since the world cup? There have been lots of strange results for them after such a great tournament.
a lot of people in my family have served in the military, I haven't but  I can definitely say that getting a free education through ROTC is a HUGE factor in joining the military for a lot of people.
so sick, you tryna sell?

edit: also lol that you chose 2-D to make a 3-D picture of
what a bunch of scrubs ;)
there are arguments for and against making mens rowing an ncaa sport (for one, it would increase the sports popularity ten-fold), but to be honest i'd rather keep it non-ncaa in part to respect traditions like swapping tanks but more-so because the ncaa is a really slimy organization that seems to be getting more powerful and corrupt every year.
interesting, I have read as well that some IRA coaches were scared that they might have their programs axed if they were continually not performing at the same standard as club teams that weren't school funded. Obviously club teams would never take down the IRA giants like Washington and Cal, it is a shame though that some club teams have so much talent and they don't get to show it against the big boys anymore.

edit: I don't grammar very well..
thanks!
oh gotcha thanks for the clarification!

sorry but was that a typo cuz english 10 isn't one of the options to replace writing 50 as far as I can tell :(
are Wolfe & Associates really bad :( I was planning on leasing from them the schoolyear after next
not gonna lie at the beginning of the year before Suarez was playing it was looking like Barca's best shot at a trophy would be the Copa, so in a way it kind of went from a poor beginning of the season to one of their best ever potentially, I guess its important to remember that both teams have a long way to go still so this post might have been a bit premature, but still I feel like this hasn't happened in a while (two teams facing off in the champions league both on course for trebles)
see I personally think Barca's treble would be more impressive due to the fact that they had to fight off Real Madrid for the title and Atletico Madrid to reach the Copa del Rey final, however what Allegri has done with the team he has impresses me more than what Enrique has done with his team just due to the fact that Barca man for man is sooo strong.
What CLAS groups do you teach?
how does that work, do people in the UK automatically get free access to ITV, or is that particular postal code have a fee paying subscriber, Im always confused on why all you have to do is post a postal code and you automatically get access to a content provider.
For anyone who might wanna know, I was just at the laundromat by Chipotle off holister/storke this morning, they're opening another "The French Press" next door to it.