Not to mention a one year supply of makeup from Fatima Khamis-Mushait cosmetics
Maybe he forgot to count himself the first time
I just spent 30 minutes browsing that lol, how pathetic
Like cronenberg_summer said, the best method is usually covering it with dirt, preferably in the pot where you intend to keep them, unlike other succs where its ok to transplant after the props have grown
Its ok Jush everybody makes mistakes, everybody has those days
I suffered temporary vision loss when she was on the runway in that outfit, what did she wear?
Mandarine
I feel like you didnt clarify that the time /ended/ but yara and alexis were the only ones who had finished outfits, yet the producers decided to give more time for raja and manila to finish
and Eureka+Asia can be Eurasia
Ze Joker’o?
I cant seem to find a pink one! All i see are red and sometimes white.... im jealous!
Its advised, use a toothbrush dipped in alcohol and brush all the scale away
Ok 
Bitch, fame needs to get Painted by Asia™ 
I think she was literally born fierce, those eyes make her look POWERFUL
Is it confirmed that she doesnt?
Rich* white woman
LMFAO IMAGINE BEING THIS DELUSIONAL, i cant
Shes not a white twink so ofc she’ll be underrated
I saw some other redditor post his garden where he made this sort of random wavy pattern along the edges of the garden, and I feel like it might suit yours since its a huge rectangle.. did you consider it?
oop you better copyright it
Bitter
Lmfao but vixen and monique screaming and jumping together???? I love them so much
Yeah and at 1100 decibels a black hole big enough to destroy the universe is created... 200 decibels is a LOT and probably not something that is achievable by speakers
Is pee stored in the balls?
Can you actually propagate flower stalks??? Did it work for you?
And my lamp
But trixie won?
Even  better than fertilizer, they reduce the need for spraying against bugs
“Jinkx’s transformation into james st james is almost complete” idk why tf it would get removed
>92 comments
Also somehow people being anti-gmo got coerced into it
Soil looks wet and im seeing some droplets on them... did you water them recently?
Ok but drag her
Freaky! Must be super rare
Heads up, they look etiolated! Give them more sun if possible
Unhhhhhhhhhhffffff
Did you at least get a lot of plants?
This is really all over the place and the choreography barely makes any sense
Thanks jush
The comment got deleted so its not too interesting but it was [here](https://reddit.com/r/rupaulsdragrace/comments/6p0lp9/tbt_manila_and_sahara_looking_glamorous_in_black/)
Remember when that dumbass drunkanimalfacts bot commented on a rip sahara post
Thanks for reminding me to make “i was also trans at the time” my flair

Same, people are going *wild* for her but nothing she has done or said has been thaaat impressive/interesting/funny. But I guess shes white and “”””””quirky”””””” so fans eat it up
But also, lets NOT put how annoying babies in public spaces can be aside. 
Circus (2008) and Femme Fatale (2011)
Bitch it wasnt denim, if its not denim dont wear it for a DENIM RUNWAY, ITS👏🏻A👏🏻DENIM👏🏻RUNWAY👏🏻JUST👏🏻WEAR👏🏻DENIM👏🏻
It would be too much with green, I think its perfect as is
Fuck
Sis are you roleplaying as bryce
Those abs? Those hips? This is a Fit Legend™ 
Mayhem came to a denim and diamonds runway without a denim outfit. You can say she outperformed asia/vixen in the challenge but her placement wasnt *undeserved*
Me when one of the 732 people i messaged on grindr replies
Really? How did you figure it out?
I just wish she would drop that harsh black pencil under her eyeeeeee
Yeah lmfao the biggest plot hole, I hate that the interviewer didnt call it out
Grow lights are only effective when theyre 15-20 centimeters away, otherwise they dont make much of a difference
*im gonna fuck you up if you talk shit about asia im gonna gut you like a fish* ^yw ^sis
Haha I actually upvoted you, I was joking, but yeah this sub is a bitch sometimes
Im pussy, bitch
Sis I hate that youre getting downvoted because youre 100% right, mob mentality
Sis your personal aesthetic and opinion is objectively wrong tho
Could there be another reason that they didnt split? What soil are you using?
Haha i see you also helped yourself to a fallen cactus head
Definitely not exposed enough... some plants etiolate even when theyre at the windowsill, so placing them on a wall with no direct sunlight will definitely not be good for them
Looks like nothing inside, i think you should water
/r/RuPaulsDragRace and /r/Succulents is a combo i would die for
Hate to say this but most of these will die from lack of light if they stay like this long-term
And it was fierce as fuck. So whats your hang up?
I may be deducting from one photo but she doesnt seem uncomfortable, she seems pretty happy about it.. its probably not a big deal 
Lol is asking a customer what theyre writing THAT invasive? Geez
I loved how he and michelle actually fought, now all we get are silly pointless michelle critiques
Yep, its definitely possible to do this
Oh man, that sounds way better than grass!
Aeonium black tree!
Aeonium black tree!
Btw, after watching it in the sun for a bit im pretty sure its aeonium black tree
Damn, youre so lucky
What do you mean by “found on the streets”?
I bet “love is just a chemical reaction” aswell, right?
Is that the plant that closes when you touch it?
There is no way to tell until a seed pod forms
Flowering can also be a result of stress, repotting mightve triggered it
But its a rude thing to do! Im sure the neighbors would be complimented if he asks for a cutting
Her oncle didnt actually went cleek that episode, she just talked about it because she was worried about wrestling
Can you blame Eureka for lashing out at Vixen tho? She was also trans at the time
Wtf, this is gorgeous
A show featuring only Trinity Taylor, or zoom ins on drag queen bulges with narration by Michelle? Maybe both??
>big as hell
Damn, I remember a lot of people making fun of the whole situation, I didnt remember it being that awful...
Bye, the top post on this sub is literally her AMA
Like he couldve used queen Azealia and it would be 100% the same except shes a woman
Are you going to add more plants?
The T
Stealing leaves from plants in greenhouses is a great way to get yourself kicked out and banned...
Usually its the fans that run memes to the ground but this time its the show’s producers
Aw jesus, gross
Jeremy Scott’s boyfriend is an Aquaria stan with a throbbing erection.
Wow!!!!
All I was getting was dollar store “Fashion Dolls”
Doubt it was an accident, her head moved too quickly for that
Oh my g o d paramedics
Yeah idg why people like it so much..
Buying lightning-connector earphones seems silly to me but i guess i only use my airpods with my phone so maybe its not a big deal
There are fake ones on ebay that cost 1/10th and look and feel exactly the same. Like, I compared with a friend that has a genuine one and you can barely tell. The fake ones do wear out slightly faster though, so maybe just get a bunch at the same time so you can switch
You can use styrofoam cups to cover it during nighttime if youre worried about low temps
Not anymore
Y u h u a
Raja and manila didnt finish their outfits on time while alexis and yara did, and yet production gave them more time which was considered unfair
I just wish the right side was longer, yknow? So it looks more balanced
Yeah, thats what they tell you to sell you the more expensive “special” cactus fertilizer...
Id stick it halfway in, rooting it the way you mentioned might not be the most stable long term
She’s very talented and im sure shes fine with the amount of exposure she has right now
Very easy, roots form as quickly as 2 weeks. Cut the pads and wait for the wound to callous, then plop them in some dry dirt in a shady spot, try tugging them after about a month- if you feel resistance, you know roots have formed, so you can start watering and moving them to full sun
Did you remember to drill drainage? ^^/s
Use gloves! Those thorns are a bitch 
-use well draining soil- 50/50 cactus soil and gravel should work
-lots of sun
-use styrofoam on the needles to not get hurt
They all probably have similar watering needs so it should be fine, just make sure to give them lots of sun!
Looks like extreme rot... you watered it too often/the soil doesnt drain well enough
Sure. Its just fertilizer. Just dont use it on lithops, and dont use it too often
Yeah same, lying for attention on such a serious matter is a huge red flag
RemindMe! 24 hours
M.i.a gasping for air
If its camp and comedy then why wasnt it funny?
gurl it all went south episode 2
Young ones are fine to touch usually, its the old ones that fuck you up
Iconic
It looks great! New growth is very dense. It doesnt look like it needs more water. I have one aswell and they do lose leaves a lot, but its fine. 
Watch it be "Lady Cowboy"
It wastes a lot of energy for no reward, could eventually kill the plant
If its a cutting, did you let it fully dry before putting it in soil?
Ive seen people graft them to the side of the base, maybe try that?
Gurl the lipsync doesnt decide who wins, Kennedy slayed while trixie was ripping hairs out but Kennedy didnt win
What are you asking?
Why is the “the end is near” sign still there though lmfao
But are you gonna feel it down deep in your soul?
Badum tss! But forreal though, it doesnt look like scale to me, if it doesnt come off it could be a type of fungus or possibly an indication of rot. If it doesnt spread within the next couple of days/weeks its nothing to worry about though. Whats your soil and watering situation?
Its a mole. Take it to a dermatologist 
Those colors!
ONLY👏🏻FIRST👏🏻TRY👏🏻WINNER👏🏻OF👏🏻MISS👏🏻GAY👏🏻AMERICA👏🏻SINCE👏🏻THE👏🏻80’S👏🏻SHE👏🏻IS👏🏻NOT👏🏻HERE👏🏻TO👏🏻LOSE👏🏻BITCH👏🏻
Ok, so why arent you dragging Eureka/Aquaria for coming for the vixen? Why arent they responsible for their actions? What they did was waaay more aggressive than the vixens repsonse and on top of that it was uncalled for. The Vixen might be over-reacting to things but shes not wrong for talking back
The fact is, its always -Queens try to purposefully piss the vixen off -The Vixen gets pissed off -“omg! Youre so negative! Stop being so hateful!”

Like.... can you blame her?
Lmfao if she has a “temper” why didn’t she start any fights for no reason? The only time she had any fights was when other queens came for her. Defending herself aggresively does not mean she has a temper, it means shes so used to getting bullshit she lashes back when people come for her. She is not aggressive against innocent queens.
Pretty sure those are fruit. Try pulling very lightly at them and see if they come out. The fruit is edible and you can plant the seeds, though i suggest studying on how to grow cacti seeds before trying
She’s not saying “its your own fault of i yell at you”, she’s saying “if you come for me im gonna come for you back so dont act surprised”, in no way has she been abusive and she did not instigate any fight she got into, and to compare it to an abusive spouse is honestly insulting, disgusting and diminishing of what abused spouses go through
Yes, the vixen getting into fights with other drag queens is the same as an abusive husband. Thank you reddit.
Thank you! You can even spot a little baby near its’ base, definitely exciting to see where this goes
Hmm.. it seems like mine has more leaves and also retains its’ straight shape, could it be a relative?
I feel like the only thing that could’ve made it bearable is if she would pad! She had no body
What about grafting it to an adult plant? Not asking specifically about corn, more in general about albino plants
Ohhhh I thought you meant it has too many cacti haha
Can you just cut off a branch and it’ll root?
This is by no means overpotted though
They have fabric and sewing machines at the workroom, and im pretty sure they have time to edit outfits/ make whole new ones if they need to
Ok, work
Yeah tbh it was none of Nebraska’s business 
Yes! Like, I live for Asia but I can admit she deserved her bottom placement this episode... still love her though and I wouldn’t try to give excuses for why she fucked up
It was missing one thing which was TITTIES, where 👏🏻are👏🏻the👏🏻titties👏🏻bitch👏🏻
Guys I found the straight girl
Wow!! That is really gorgeous
Mark Zukerberg nowhere to be seen
“Big Strong Man”: Roll dice, if result is even, all spider type creatures are captured by you.
Great, hope I get lucky! How long till it roots for one that small?
/r/euphorbia has 10 subscribers. Posting euphorbias here isnt usually a problem since they are pretty similar to cacti 
Looks like some corking which shouldn’t be a cause of worry considering its’ size
How big do they have to be? I have one that lost a thimble around 3/4cm in size
Using neem oil at evening should reduce sunburn, usually plants get burnt from neem oil because people spary them during the day and the oil droplets focus the light and burn the plant
It kind of looks like Wario?
Well... not necessarily. Succulents and cacti might flower under stress as a sort of last option to reproduce before dying. So... he might be doing horribly aswell.
Someone commented what to do on your other post :)
Im not ready
Like others said its probably mealybugs
Is it soft and mushy or does it feel sort of empty? Did it start small but spread very quickly? When did you last water it? What type of soil is it in?
I hate off-episodes
Half of these wouldn’t even fit through the runway entrance
Well, as3 was shot months ago so its not far fetched
QUICK TO SAY “I AM THIRSTY”
This is brilliant! Thank you
I think I heard salt water ruins the glue on the seal so it might not be waterproof anymore?
They’re so rebellious! Nature tells them to be green so they go to the complete opposite color
Thanks! 
No idea! I thought it might be black prince but the leaves are way too thin for that, Im gonna let it sit in the sun and see if it changes form to something more familiar
Cacti dont like humid enviroments in general. Id use the cloche for a different plant that might appreciate it more, maybe some kind of carni plant? 
It might be because its young but the leaves look too thick and longer than graptopetalum paraguayense, could it be sedum starburst? It looks like a lot of the ones i have
What flips? She can only do a cartwheel lol
I love fractals
Looks like some type of fungus. Cut any black spots with a clean knife and sprinkle cinnamon over the wound, then let dry in a well ventilated area. This one is in pretty bad shape so its gonna look messed up if it survives
It definitely looks gorgeous but arrangements like this are short term, all these plants have different watering and lighting needs so separating is advisable 
Its okay if its mixed with gravel/perlite. Compost soil on its own holds too much water which can lead to rot. You can get away with it if youre very careful with watering, otherwise id repot again in a couple of weeks
Best comment
2nd funniest rupaul vine right after [“slay the world”](https://youtu.be/BfWq7NWzAu0)
Asia does not lose. Its literally impossible for her.
How convenient that the photo crops out the legs tied up to a branch :)
Mainsub is still good for memes though
This is awful and all but if she does this you HAVE to post it here
L m f a o
I literally texted my friend who hasn’t watched yet “courtney love is obviously drunk as fuck” while watching
Tbh Blair isn’t making me cringe as much as I thought she would so far... I expected more from the girl that wore the “farrah moan lookalike” dress
Could you imagine
Im so sad they took the vid of kennedy doing it @ miss gay usofa, it was soooooo fucking good
“That’s all, folks!”
Asia looks the same is she too fierce to age???
Seriously??? I thought it was so cool looking in a freaky way, it really went with the outfit and vibes
Ehh, it has a zipper in the back its probably not so bad
I think she looked great tbh, idk a velvet catsuit is a big mood
I remember hearing some T that they fired the cleaning crew because Milan would just swiffer the stage during lipsyncs
How often does it grow a new limb?
Hmm... I dont have many euphorbias but I didnt put the cuttings in water when i propagated them.. but yeah just stick it in and itll do its thing
Its getting so tall because it needs more sun. You can definitely cut it in half and it will start growing new arms from where you’ve cut, but make sure to put both the plant and the part you’ve cut in a well ventilated area. After the part you’ve cut is fully dry at the wound you can plant it
You havent watered him for 6 months?????
I looooooove a good high bang so I thought she was gorgeous!
Lmfao it was a great episode /because/ milk went home
what? why? it was a great episode
Im gonna remind myself to see what was the result of you going there with a kangen bottle lmao
Weird, I have the same friend but mine’s fully green! 
Just pull and twist
Its probably rot.. try cutting a bit from where its dark and see if its dark from the inside, if it is then its rot, if its rot cut all of the rot off and sprinkle cinnamon over the wound and let it dry in a well ventilated area, also check the roots and cut off any rot in the roots
Watering by misting is a good way to kill your cacti... cacti have roots that need to be watered, only misting it will not actually water it, and the added humidity might cause it to rot simultaneously. What you should’ve done is drill a hole to the bottom of the bowl so water can drain
Black* women 
Is it softer than the rest of the cactus?
Its almost impossible though to do a huge batch.. you need to make several rounds on the mixer, a lot of fridge space, and you’ll probably be working all day for 3 days
Depends. Is it soft?
I watched the disaster artist tonight and the auditions scene was the fucking same the universe is so weird
She was being super quiet weirdly, hope shes not feeling unwell or something
Its also a mess
This is a disgusting list that shouldn’t be made
WHY DO PEOPLE DO THAT DO THEY NOT REALISE ITS A HUGE TURN OFF
I wish I had that problem..
She just said shes also donating her income from the partnership like kim
Hmmm... I wouldn’t risk trying to plant one in sand but the top dressing idea is super cute and im definitely going to try it!
Its gorgeous!
I would pay for someone to take them away tbh
Just to be safe, ill remind you to not pull them up until theyre completely dry, as it’ll hinder your plants’ growth
Lmfao they have posts at /r/digital_marketing lmfaooooooooooo
It looks like its getting too big for its pot... consider pruning it/replanting?
I think its crested
Is it sand all the way through or is there soil under it? Can you actually grow cacti in sand? This looks so cool and I kinda want to try it
wig... did you just say wig?
Ya'll are too much is it really that hard to accept an apology when someone admits they were wrong? This is like when RuPaul apologized and people were like "hmmm but he didn't write a 918237 word letter and announce season 11 being a bioqueen only season henny so he's still Cancelledt©"
I know this is a month old but next time you do something like this you can use an app like Snapsie for iphone, it puts a transparent overlay of the last picture you took over the viewfinder which helps with positioning
Im just comparing it to mine but it looks extremely etiolated, and it should have leaves at the tops... take it outside please!
Did you drill drainage to the bottom?
I thought for sure that Monique would win during the musical but her being bottom3 was some fuck shit
I think Latinx queens don’t do well on drag race because its just a very different perception of drag, for example Naysha/Kandy are incredible outside of the show but it didn’t translate well for tv..
M   O   N   I   Q   U   E
M o n i q u e
hmmm... it shouldn't be related to winter since they don't grow at winter...
The far left and far right ones need way more sun! Theyre looking etiolated
Id say its looking a bit etiolated though :)
No no no, I said *steamed songs*
Relatable
Idk why she was even bottom3? She was fucking hilarious, the bodysuit was incredible, how could they say she was forgettable???
Looking like she about to ask you if you want to be your own boss and make extra income from home
The beats are great but the rapping is a choice
I think you feel that way because her part blends perfectly with the song, there is still a very obvious slot for her verse
They read her, I mean they didnt read her but they read her, but they didnt read her, y’know?
The fans are torrenting it since there are barely any online options (Wowpresents+ isn’t available where I live)
She’s too busy with Kimmy Schmidt
This is dark mawma
Tbh when I saw its a musical challenge I prepared myself for disappointment riggory and tomfoolery but it was actually funny and the characters seemed fair! 
Roarnacia found dead 
She didnt even bomb divas live THAT bad... I think she was only slightly below Milk
I stan an israeli queen
Leaving wiggle room for cops to go on a case by case basis reeaaaallly opens up ways for them to abuse their power against minorities though.
Dope! Where is this native?
Why did yours get scarred? I have a few succulents that got those scars from some aggressive rain
What
-is it getting enough light?
-is it planted in well draining soil?
-do you let it dry fully between waterings?

It could be either overwatering, root rot *from* overwatering, or lack of light
Asia somehow currently looks younger?
Im sorry, who?
Lmfao black queens are being called monkeys and n###### but poor widdle blair is called young-looking and we need a dedicated post for it? Miss me
Edit: Also, how many posts about kennedy being cross-eyed got 2k votes?
I feel like people that are so insecure about how they look maybe shouldn’t go on a very popular tv show? Im not saying those comments are appropriate but if they’re so bothered about it maybe they should rethink some choices
*”This wig looks better on a feminine figure”*

*”Yeah and it really balances out those shoulders*
It was fate that you won! Anyone else probably would’ve killed it
Yessssss she was so fucking funny
>~~Yuhua~~ Vice
Thats the first thing I thought of when Ru said that lmfaooooo
Also jason was in it dancing with blair
Gurl you need to leave the house more
“Annoy them into submission” is me on grindr
Hope you’re planning on seperating?
Ass Titties Masturbation
Is that Vicky???
Nina AND Leikeli47???????? I love 2 legends
>She's got moves!

Yes.... she's moving. She is definitely making movements with her body parts.
Too bad most of them are ugly. There are so many very talented artists that make fanart that looks 10x better than this... Hot Topic made some choices
Underrated comment
idk how to feel about this comment
Those confessional brows are so we can tell which episode it’s from
Itll just shoot out roots when its still not in the dirt, so its preferable you stick it in dirt to prevent the roots from drying
Well its settled, chicagodragisthemotherfuckingbomb.com
What about scale?
If they are then hey op its me ur mom can you resend the invitation to my pm
The only issue is that they’re too gosh darn pretty!
Awwww but i really like the pot!! I guess ill wait a year or something. The bottom is actually all gravel so maybe i can make it slide out
yeah nina bonina had printed screencaps from facebook on the show... doubt it was that
Is it a fast grower? How long till I have to repot it?
Gorgeous, and I think adding some burro’s tail in that empty spot would really make it pop! Just a suggestion :)
Cut off all of the roots, pluck off some of the bottom leaves and let it callous over a day or two. Then stick in some dry cactus mix, new roots will form
Iconic
Gurl this *is* a gif hows your head
The “sushi” in the sign looks slightly off center so maybe it really is photoshopped?
/r/forbiddensnacks
Unrelated but those pots are crazy cute!
Toothbrush+alcohol, or spray it with neem oil during nighttime
Clustering in my eyes is very pretty so you can just leave them be :)
Make sure to check for rot... considering its from Lowe’s its very possible that it was overwatered and lost its roots, which made it dry out due to not being able to get water
Why is there an orange?
How dare you come for a legend
Its a bad photo but it was a gorgeous look
Santino!!! How have you been?
Thats all folks
Trinity killed her solo lipsync too
Even making a ranking is a rude fucking choice in itself
I was making a joke lmfao its a refrence to the untucked w derrick berry, did “well tamar” not tip you off
Well, Tamar..
She was all over the place but I wouldnt say she looked a mess... I mean most of the outfit is consistent. the colours are analogous, she was like lemme find the blue that matches this green... it makes sense to the eye. she should've won.
Wig
Tex-ASS
How could I possibly stan harder??
This is the T. She looks genuinely terrifying to be around.
Looks fine, pluck out some of the lower leaves and put it in some dry earth
Guac with hard boiled eggs is the best
I love how she literally said it once in a 10 min preview and it caught on because of how infectious it is
Tel Aviv?
Vixen has nice flow and voice but her lyrics are soooo fucking boring and overdone lmfao, I hope the single she undoubtedly releases has some more thoughtful writing
Hem to the hem to hem hem, hem to the hem hem pow, Giving you the BRANE of all stars 4, Miss Derrick Braney
did you comment on the trophy post and have a mod reply to you?
I love a confident bitch when she has something to back it up with. Off the top of my head, trinity taylor is just as confident but she has years of experience and pageant wins to show for it. What does aquaria have? 300k followers? Ok...
Aquaria was referencing the legendary dida ritz obviously
I think it was less about AS3 and more about her meth addiction but okay
I speak hebrew and thats true lol
Ok but trixies ruveal was garbage so maybe it shouldn’t be a requirement
Yeah lol thats what im saying, both op and the other guy are kind of ignorant here 
Idgi... do you not know what stonewall is? Like the event itself? Your response doesn’t make sense
Its like im watching a jfk assasination movie

*She pulled out that lipstick back... and to the left*

its the MTQ effect, trinity's promo wasn't the best either
Do agaves die after flowering?
This type of cacti grows only from the top, so it will probably stay thin
Im ready to tattoo the word “chameleon” on my forehead
This is the kind of bitter rant I am LIVING for
How could you even press ‘post’ after writing that
I feel like everyone associates as2 with ruwu and as3 with kitty girl so they feel like kitty girl is a worse song, when its actually miles better than ruwu
Kennedy’s verse is the fucking best out of the 4 and idk how some posters here dared to compare it to roxxxy’s
There’s always time for emotional growth
To the cosine?
Horticoutoure
We have a 30 year old one that flowers every year, and its just the best :)
Kill it before it lays eggs
Walkover* waaaay harder than a cartwheel
ItS cAlLeD gEnDeRfUcK sWeAtY lOoK iT uP
If its a cacti mix its probably fine, though if you want to be safe you can mix it with some gravel/perlite
Id say you’ll regret that decision in a year or so haha
I love how tight it looks!
Hey it me your uncle send cuttings please
It might be a bit crowded. Also, the soil looks too rich for succulents. Looks gorgeous though! Id suggest replanting them in a year or so
I kind of doubt thats where the pic actually came from 
Lmfao shangela not making top 2 was crazy unfair but booting kennedy instead of morgan on ep7 is somehow ok?
Shakesqueer at least -made sense -was so bad it was entertaining
Well mawma you can call me donna summer
SHE ALREADY GOT A WOWIE WHAT MORE COULD SHE WANT
Thick thighs save lives
On S9 I think they just felt too bad about eliminating someone in front of gaga. Luckily, Xtina is the guest judge on the first episode so there’ll probably be an elimination. ^^jk ^^kimora ^^^i ^^^love ^^^christina
I love Tupperware “The Burp” Taylor
Is it bad that i like the red wig better?
Thats the draggiest description of an outfit ive ever heard.. she nailed it
Lmfao it feels like she didnt get top 2 because of that, I wouldnt say it was laid to rest
I feel like the fanbase wants a jinkx at season 5 / biqtch puddin at dragula s2 situation. In both these cases the winner wasnt the frontrunner but was presented as an underdog with a redemption arc, therefore making her win justified. It just feels like production is trying to recreate that kind of story bit it just comes across as over-edited and not genuine. 
How could I forget that mess
Queen of hugging the homeless, queen of being there to encourage me, queen of dancing at skate parks
why is this so fucking funnyyyyyyyyyyy
Young hung and clearly getting my trophy
Can we stop calling kennedy a pity vote, its fucked up
Is she gonna jump on there??
Not letting the plant go into a dormancy period during winter could prevent it from flowering. Next winter dont water it at all so it can go dormant.
I think its also a pretty rare cactus... looks gorgeous!
The comments are disgusting
I guess nazis now made 2 crimes against humanity
God I wish I were rich
NYC IM CUMMING EUUUUGGHHHHH
i can't draw but ill try mawma
Why is no one talking about the fact that her bracelet lined up perfectly with the line on the wall behind her
It happens jush sorry youre getting downvoted
/u/asiansockboy
You better get your jush bitch
I love my VP and President
Uhh.. no there isnt? Like, there are some unofficial ones, but no official katya funko
Its still not getting enough sun though.. try to see what you can change. Maybe consider a grow light?
Stop buying these! All you did is encourage the shop to order more of these leading to more plants getting painted
Definitely more sun. This isnt a house plant
Lmfao but really, what fly???
?
Maybe put cinnamon on the wound to prevent fungus from forming?
Wait... did you just say porn?
Source?
Pretty sure the casing of the apple watch prevents the magnetic field from passing through, so it can’t reach the coil. Even if it could, the apple watch is just over a centimeter thick, so the magnetic field would be too weak to charge it. Not saying its impossible to wonder, just providing you with an answer to your question :)
Nope, just like you cant charge your iphone screen down
Why not? What if the check was for some long term gig of some sort that only pays once its over/ the check is paying for equipment for something? Cashing a check for 42k doesn’t necessarily mean he just made 42k... seems reasonable to be pissed at such a huge fee
How about “Betsy”?
I have one of these and thought it was a string of pearls that just reaaaaaally lacked sunlight lol. Thanks for the id
This split rock has too many leaves. Its called “stacking” when that happens. Id stop watering it completely for a couple of months, or else it might rot and die. Split rocks should only ever have 1 or 2 sets of leaves, when a new set of leaves starts growing, you’re supposed to not water it completely so that the old set of leaves dies off. Its possibly too late for this one but it might be saved
But she was not being violent, so no need for the officer to use violence. He reacted very well here by not escalating the situation
Absolutely true, no need to escalate the situation with violence if its not required. Arrest? Absolutely. But tasering someone who’s just sitting there, albeit being an asshole? Uncalled for.
Whats the pink pads one called? Its gorgeous!!!
Could y o u   i  m  a  g  i  n  e 
Omg a legend dragged me 12/3/18 😍😍😍😍😍😍
It was soo fucking pointless and unfunny, I didnt get anything that was going on
Gurl TYA 
^^tya
Turn yo ass
The untucked for some episodes was legitimately better than the actual episode. 
You got your priorities straight mawma,
Kennedy’s shitoris is importatnter than any other
Its apples to oranges. Theres a difference between a drag queen’s performance, where the song and performance are usually planned ahead, and a lsfyl on a tv show. The second is —-usually—— less thought out, less polished, and full of filler moments. Not to mention seeing a queen perform live is way more exciting than watching it on a screen, so you need to somehow make up for that. This kind of lipsync doesn’t make for good tv. This video could use a bit of chopping. Again, not saying its bad, its just easier to lose interest than with drag race lipsyncs.
Lol maybe mention the snagging part in the post? Seems pretty important, dare i say its misleading not to include that
Pretty good but doesn’t come even CLOSE to PhiPhi’s iconic lipsync, maybe they should practice a bit more 
Edit: this sub really doesn’t get jokes holy shit
Looks like shes about to block me on grindr for refusing to suck her toes ^jk ^kimora ^^mustaches ^^are ^^hot ^^sometimes
I wanna watch it but something about the way they shoot/the lighting is just so overwhelming and distracting lmfao, feels like im watching an action movie.. also the lipsyncs are waaaaay too long
Op fucked up drag by not putting “Count von Cunt” in the title
Got it! Thanks
Is watering after potting bad?
Ok, glad to know!! Would you mind if I send you a pic of it so you can check out if it looks fine? If its not too much of a bother
I have a string of pearls i moved outside after a long miserable time inside, and while its taking its rounder shape i noticed a bunch of the top leaves are turning white. Its less marble-y than in the picture though... is this normal?
It seems like every time i try to propagate on purpose it dries up, but i always find little babies propagating under my jade on the porch!
Usually no need to pot them until the leaf dries off. You can just leave them be, even with roots exposed
Might be rot/fungus, if its spreading quickly over time cut off the black parts and then some, and sprinkle cinnamon on the wound. Let it dry in a well ventilated area
No need- moon cacti tend to stay the same size until they die. You could repot if you want to but it won’t make much of a difference
Ok but did you seal it
How hard could it possibly be to do an aretha franklin/donna summer number though for the best dancer in all stars? Do they not want views? Green light isnt really a majorette number
Moms are just the best
Lmfao detox talking about ‘cryptic posts’???? The pot putting roofies in the kettle
Nope, not without jailbreak. This is a much needed feature that apple just overlooks
We got ONE Kennedy lipsync and it was to fucking “green light” what the fuck is wrong with the producers
So cute!!
Love aloe blooms! I was walking to a show and walked past a park with a huge aloe bed and tons of flowers! So pretty and cool
I think its because she’s a *drag queen*,  not because she’s extra
LMFAOOOIJOOOOOOOGGGXGTCBGHBHU
Alyssa and Tati were brought back at top 6 tho.. 

Lmfao dont remind me that non-drama, it was lowkey cringey
I love everything about this except for the end of the wig. It looks so dry and over-teased..
Maybe she couldn’t get someone to design it until after the episode aired, because of the NDA
I sometimes think that about queens but then realize, I've seen so many drag queens my idea of what a woman looks like has been distorted beyond repair, and anyone else would see its very obvious that's a man
Is clicking your profile considered stalking now? Lol seems to confirm that you’re the one who posted this aswell
Is it that hard to buy plants without flowers glued to them though? Why support it?
It might be a bit slutty but I think calling it hookeri is kind of harsh
This is definitely not donkey tail, but I dont know why you’re getting downvoted for guessing
You’re so lucky!! Its usually so hard to get cacti seeds to get to this size
This is gorgeous!! Looks so sci fi with the lighting
It may be hard but stop buying them! You’re only encouraging those stores to keep gluing flowers to cacti
Looks like hylocereus. Severely etiolated, but i doubt you can move it outside. Its a climbing cactus, id suggest chopping it off to parts and replanting it outside where it can get plenty of sun, maybe near a tree it could climb on.
Lmfao are you just an alt of this guy? Seems weird that your account was created the same day this was posted and all of your comments are on this post
Really good.. at makeup. Is he really good at drag? Who knows? Being good at Makeup shouldn’t be a factor in auditioning or fitting to drag race.. especially when it’s basic youtube tutorial makeup. And it has everything to do with him being white because of the influx of james charles-esque gays posting they basic ass makeup. Sorry for the rant it just kind of pisses me off how watered down drag became. Nothing against this queen as I have no idea whether or not she has talent.
/r/PeripheralLatino/
Lmfao are we just letting any white 16 year old with makeup go on drag race now?
What naivesmalls tweet?
Can you actually propagate burros tail from leaf? Arent they like string of pearls where you can only propagate from stem?
Ok, so I guess ill plant them like regular cacti seeds. Thanks!
Cool! How do I go about planting these?
[This is the plant](https://i.imgur.com/IB2FHcA.jpg)
Hebrew is my native language and that writing definitely doesn’t translate to “a small one” lol
Sorry, had a stroke
    ת פצ

-	
He talks like girls on tumblr??? When they use question marks after each sentence?????
Maybe the neckhole is already huge and she just pulls it down more/less to make it look like it has bigger/smaller cleavage
^ a joke stop downvoting her
Nothing but they need 2 lipsticks so theres one in each box gurl
These are the 2 genders and you can’t tell me otherwise
WoooOOoOoOOooo *shut up!*
Im the gay going “yas” when she says “im african american”
I love naomi’s aesthetic, this is gorgeous
Also shes worn that wig like 37 times by now
LMFAO COULD YOU IMAGINE IF THE P.A’S ONLY MADE 2 LIPSTICKS PER QUEEN SO NOW THEY CANT PUT KENNEDY IN THE BOTTOM NEXT EPISODE
Add cynthia lee fontaine again and im watching
Its severely etiolated. Definitely needs more sun
Ok but check out that moon cactus in the upper left corner, its thicc as hell
Im on wifi either way, but tried turning it on and it did nothing :(
Haha obviously restarted already.. if it won’t be fixed i guess ill try logging out :/
Thats not even possible on an iphone
Tbh... I feel like having a separate account that doesn’t rely on anything else would actually be so much easier
Its now been 24 hours but it hasnt been resolved.. would signing out then back in from apple id solve it?
Yep
If shes even a quarter as cooky as disasterina I will stan
Maybe raven doesn’t know how to paint on a darker complexion?
I just wish they were darker
Imagine how many thousands of times this happened to other parents. The only difference is she had way worse luck. When stuff like this happens but no one is harmed no one is quick to jump on the parents for being not responsible 
Well, Theres still going to be another SE edition
I have a challenge for you.
Get your ass on motherfucking grindr challenge
Id just jailbreak at this point..
Google on how to grow cacti from seed, as its more complicated than regular seeds
Ok but can we talk about how good that movie was
What was the original wig?
Eeeuuwwwwwww
A Delta that *doesn’t* vaguebook and @‘s the bitch? Well *bling* sign me up honey
I saw this coming
Dean pelton for season 11
Buy a bunch of small plastic pots and start giving them away to people at work/school/whatever! 
Gay interns are HEATED
Let it callous and then stick it in the ground. In my experience it takes between 2 weeks - a month till  roots form
Hmm.. it doesnt look like the type that can propagate from leaf, but I dont really know much about it. Maybe you should post it for an id?
Sounds like bad luck. What plant was it? Maybe it wasnt one that can propagate from leaves?
This usually happens when the leaf wasnt plucked correctly.. if the base is cut/torn it wont propagate, it has to come off the plant either naturally or with a twisting motion. Either that or the leaf was too old/yellow to propagate. Did this happen multiple times or just once? With how many leaves?
LMFAO
I thought you were reading till i got to the end
Thought we saw the worst of her when we saw that video of her saying the n word
And kennedy’s “milk”
Kennedy would like a word
Who else has been karb free for 2 weeks?
The only thing you need to do is nothing. Take some leaves, put them on some soil in a paper plate in a shady spot in your house and just wait. It could take a couple days or it could take a month or even longer but you will get some pups soon. Heres the method I use for leaves that fell of my plants: https://i.imgur.com/pGEj0bB.jpg
Judging from your reply and comment history I can only assume youre the artist, so all I have to say is you’re very talented, but I find homages of this sort to be kind of tacky. Thats just my taste and opinion though, and I hope you succeed on the rest of your career
Sure! Hope you do get fruit from it. By the way, if you do decide to chop off the arm and replant it, you can graft other cacti onto it, similar to a moon cactus. 
This is gorgeous! The only thing that kind of bothers me are the eyebrows, I really dislike those flat style eyebrows some queens do and prefer ones with hairs sketched out. But its a matter of taste, and you look great either way!
/r/ATBGE
Wether you knew it or not, this is hylocereus, the same plant that grows pitaya. Its a climbing plant, so those roots are more like grappling hooks that it uses to climb on things. Its a jungle cactus so its used to pretty humid enviroments, so you can mist those roots to keep them alive, or just chop them off as they dont serve much functional purpose. I really love this plant and im happy to see yours is doing well! The only suggestion i have is put it in a sunnier place as it seems slightly etiolated 
I was like this for a lot of time till i realised i look in pictures the same way i look irl and people that know me dont actually give a shit.. just stop caring!
Im that friend, @ me
Do you have enough storage available to actually download the photo?
Yeah thats what the title says
This looks like april carrion in shade the rusical
She lost the lipsync but ru just kept her. But she definitely lost.
Great app!
Most of them have exactly the same youtube tutorial makeup... its kind of getting old. Like, its good, its pretty, but i wanna see something new
I think you mean ‘pulled a stacey layne matthews’, how could we forget her iconic multi leveled poodle shit wig ruveal on her lipsync
Sooooo many people already wear them so who even cares
i showed this to a friend from my base and she was like "wait... is that a man or a woman" so even the straights are shook
whats that?
Oh my fucking god
Gurl, its a competition, do what you gotta do
How does everyone look so bad in this video
Yara was fucking iconic
Please stop
I doubt it, i think this is just to serve a warning to other leakers
You do it for her
That is to say
You’ll do it for him
 Offseason has been replaced with onseason im shook
Gurl its bad WITH the laugh track
Could be mold... when she waters the plants does she leave the cactus itself wet?
Milks wigs runway wasnt only unoriginal or creative, it was also ugly and sloppy. I was so disappointed lmao
You can take Morgan out of season 2 but you cant take season 2 out of morgan
same jush
I cant tell if its the same nostril that looks smaller in each pic and some pics are mirrored or if its actually her nostrils being super small now
Watering sparingly would prevent rot but im not sure how the plant would react to it... if you worry about transplanting again just water how you wanted to and see what happens, if it stresses the plant id transplant again. Hope it works out ::)
Went well draining* but forgot the word lol, cactus soil is just that. I never tried drilling into ceramic pots but i wouldnt risk it, just transplant it into a pot with holes instead :)
Im genuinely upset over how jealous this makes me
Or just drill holes into the bottom
Do they die after flowering?
This plant is so close to my heart! We have on in our backyard thats even older than me. One of my fave plants! But i do have to agree yours seems etiolated...  ours has a way thicker base, I wouldnt be scared to put it outside if i were you
Oh my god i freaking love this!!!! Thanks for the idea! 
Whats worked for me is putting it in well drying soil and watering it very thoroughly once a week. Im talking making all of the soil in the pot wet, then letting it drain. Also make sure it gets plenty of sun!
Shitoris plentiful, shitty queen jezebel
Jaidynn was fucking hilarious
Oop im sorry mawma i saw the fb page posted it 3 hours ago and thought i was being original :(
The 4th episode isnt even released yet lmao 
What do you even get from seeing these pictures lol why not post the video where you can actually hear the impression
Oh Jesus, gross
How often did you rotate them?
Congratulations!
Hope most of them live! :)
If the roots dry out you can just chop them off, though if i were you id put a little stick or post for them to cling to so your cactus can have some fun climbing
Kinda like cacti blackheads!
Right one is so cool!
Klein Epstein & Parker? Oh my god shes fucking dead
Ok but when are we gonna get a shitoris emoji
I feel like that could make the battery expand so i wouldnt recommend that
/u/opfeels /u/PoweredByPotatoes
Why do you prefer play music over apple music?
When i leave apollo for a while and then come back it reloads which makes me scroll alllll the way on my feed back to where i left, does it stop doing that?
Is juxtaposition word of the week on this sub or something cus i feel like ive seen it used 30 times already
This is a weird political compass but okay
LMFAO STOP IT
Bitch lemme tell you my friend texted me “i could hear you screaming from 5 miles away when kennedy won”
I feel like looking stun and looking like pickle lady aren’t mutually exclusive
I guess were different because i love the drama of stressing out over who will be top and bottom and wondering who will go home, this week i was so excited when kennedy won because it was such a surprise since i didnt watch any previews
Oh jesus, gross
Thats why i dont watch the first looks mawma why spoil it
Now kiss
Yet it didnt come close to milk’s horrendous arts and crafts project
Ben’s look was sooooo ugly
Dont be jealous of his boogie mawma
Cured my crops, cleared my aids, watered my skin
Janet jackson didnt really sound like janet but i also reaaalllyyyy love it! Ive been listening to it on repeat since the episode! *dont you try it, bitch!*
Someone commented its something celine did in one of her dvds
*”memorized or internalized?”*

*”I analyzed”*
I was kinda pissed she didnt do any gymnastics in a *majorette* performance but i guess this explains it?
Ikr??? A redemption arc done fucking RIGHT, this season of dragula had better plot than most drag race seasons
*gOoD tHiNg ShEs BeEn SuCkInG rUpAuLs DiCk FoR sO lOnG*
Theres one at my house and youre invited mawma
Lmfao and the subtitles reading her w (in not a british accent)
This is the drama i wouldve LIVED for
I was kinda living because it gives me hope the show isnt getting watered down
Drag her
Thank you for this
I love seeing ru laughing 
Ok but also kim wasnt funny, like, at all
Both of those complaints seem reasonable lol
Conditioner leave-in leave-in hair
Thats awful :(
Confidence is just ‘fake it till you make it’, ive gotta say it doesnt sound thaaat unreasonable
Please help her OP
Why do succulents look so tastyyyy
If youre a mage and you dont have fortify destruction at 100% you’re doing something wrong (unless youre at early game like you said)
True, and this is also why im kind of worried for kennedy, she pulled every stunt in that show so idk what she’ll do if she’ll have to lipsync to an upbeat song
So sad, i heard her last words were “lets get”
Yeah lmao she did a *majorette* number without backflips/backhandsprings/deathdrops (the majorette type not the voguing type) what was she thinkingggg
Be different
Same, chose kennedy because of how iconic it is
Yes
DONT HIT THE CHILDREN
its kind of like a really bad version of the iconic [fashion shower](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zXRmWzi2ne4)
ehhh tbh it wasnt good but it also wasnt a trainwreck like those other ones so it just falls short
Oh god i did this, then went on facebook and the FIRST post i see is chichi posting a sad emoji status. I thought i just spoiled the first ep for myself but luckily didnt lol, not making that mistake again
LMFAOOOOOOOIO
How DARE they disrespect mariah like that, i need to put on my aja wig and talk to a manager
Consider me SUBSCRIBED bitch.
They really are, the owls look stressed out and theyre tied to branches, i went to one in japan and just felt so sad afterwards, dont know how anyone could rationalize that kind of place
Is it just me or does that lighting make kennedy look like an apple product
Your skin looks great hun✨ but it would look even better with my essential oils pack🌿🌸! Pm me if you want to be a boss babe 😉👩🏻‍🍳
https://youtu.be/0cxejwq6Emc 2:44 gurl
Host one gurl, live your dreams
R/gaming is a shithole
I live in a shithole country so there was only a viewing party for the premiere tho :(
/r/gonewildrpdr but you didnt hear it from me thith
Would you like to be filmed when youre having a moment like this? And im not saying he should or shouldnt, im saying she had every right to tell him to stop. People act like fast food workers are some sub humans who cant speak up against costumers, she can say whatever the fuck she wants
Imagine the gag, i really want this now
HOW IS IT THAT SOME GUY SCREAMING IN THE CROWD FITS SO PERFECTLY 
She also has beautiful boner structure we seen the nudes
I mean, shes a human being, and its not very fun when you have a video of you taken while youre in a bad place... whats so fucking wrong with her telling him to stop filming her
Always upvote queen azealia
I went to a show yesterday instead of going to a viewing party and i possibly regret it now
A lot of those were already asked back and declined, but i feel like darienne wouldve been so much better
Didnt even notice its a green screen now im shook
Her looks on s1 were genuinely better than most s9 looks and that really says something considering the rest of the cast was wearing jeans
I ugly laughed 
What the fuck
All stars 3 is cancelled
Did he really post this????
*does anyone have an extra furry ball?*
Id much rather see extremely advanced public transport. Its more accesible, cheaper as a whole, and eco friendly
You do you gurl im curious now
I feel like that would be a gateway for some unwanted tax loops of people defining their income as prize money
Nope, the boundaries of the curve arent related to the constant. The constant is there because there isnt just one formula for the integral of any other formula, and you can add any constant to it and it would still be the integral for that formula, so you add a “constant” as a sort of placeholder, but it doesnt matter when the area under the curve is calculated because it converges (right word? English no #1 languange)
It might not be healthy or good of mature for him but i weirdly find it kind of sweet that he’s chasing his dreams?
Not for 120$ tho
In like a super manly video game buff voice?
I aint tryna be a hateful bitch but anyone else feels its kinda cringey when 30 something adult men try to be cute? It kinda makes me cringe idk
Relatable!!
Siri always hears “israel” as “is rail” for me, weirdly...
Dont stress, you can barely notice it
Why are you downvoted? This is true
GUESS WHAT? CHAKALAN IS HERE
DONT LEAVE YET, BECAUSE ALL-STAR GUEST CHAKALAN IS COMING inlike4hours
Ikr? Everyone was living for cynthias finale look but it looked so off to me
Is it weird that i really hate those types of wigs? Not my taste at all
You forgot 🤡
AYO SOTH
Because that fucking hair
Literally gasped audibly when i saw this, fucking gorgeous
Just a woman at an apple store buying a 10,000 dollar watch
Forreal though.... would fertilizing with nitrogen actually do this?
Why is white better?
It would be like a boynextdoor orgy cast
I think one of them just has a really good sense of humor
Saw them too!! So silly looking lol
I have no idea what youre talking about but i love a good draggin’ so im living
Moms are the best
Bitch i saaaaaiid where is the supertrailer?
The mona lisa was found dead
Delta is great EXCEPT for that harsh line connecting her nose contour to her crease, i just wish shed drop it
Dont buy cheap knockoff ones but buying apple ones is a waste of money imo
Acknowledging it isnt living for it lol
Clickbait title, it was probably punctured during the repair, didnt actually “overheat”
Eh, you stop caring after a while, moved from the 7 to 8+ and i stopped getting excited after about a month
Just a prank bro
BIQTCH
You arrive to destination, you like??? Huuuuyhhhh
I, for one, legit dont lol
I knew putting it in parentheses wasnt enough to stop comments like this
Now i hope my kid pees his pants so i can make some bank (im kidding reddit dont kill me)
WHAT
omg remember how iconic ru was on weakest link
KSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
rip :(
Thank you! Sharon’s final runway was objectively bad, it was such a weird choice
Same, i got army friends to start saying it and i fucking love it
Why do people love this look so much???? Its literally a forever21 bra with forever21 shorts???? I will forever be baffled
Maybe draw on eyebrows next time?
Shes actually 7639 years old, shes “50” because she came to earth 50 years ago to extract our ejaculate
Have you considered wireless earbuds? You can get the google ones or the apple airpods, which are very nice to use from personal experience. They cost a lot more than what youre looking for but are very convenient, surprisingly comfortable and the sound quality isnt amazing but its very good.
Edit: downvoted for liking apple, stay cool reddit
I didnt know the *dollar store* was a **brand**
We get it!! (Jk)
 A new se is rumored to drop in the next couple months so id wait if i were you
I was about to say the same!!!
WHY IS THERE A SMALLER SHANGELA IN A DIFFERENT ANGLE AHHHHHHHHH
IM FUCKING SCREAMING LMFOAOOOOOOOIO
Mehhhru shut your no drag knowledge mouth
I fucking hate main subs
Twurl honey TWURL
Im kinda into it tbh
Edited thx
Someone call Charlie because lush needs to be told to shut up a second
THANKSGIVING 2012 I FUCKED YOUR BROTHER
DAT GRADIENT
Anyone else came for the screenshots but stayed for the t on PETA
Holy shit lmfao, did anything come out of it?
H͉̱̘̩̩͍̘ ̜͘O̫͓͍̤͟ ̹̜̫͉͉͟N̘̹̥̬̥̪͡ ̣̮͕̱̙͜E̮̗̘͟ Y̴̜̫̤̼̼ ͏̺̝
First her leg in the promo, now her arm.. will pepper catch a break?
F R I D A Y N I G H T
Oop
No thanks
NYC IM CUMMING
I would KILL for apple music on windows
Ok, but every other reddit app has free posting... js, apollo may be better experience wise but putting such a main and common feature behind a paywall is peculiar. Gestures and other cool features make more sense..
At this point i feel like all jews root for biqtch
You can take a live photo on an iphone and give it a “loop” effect and it will look pretty much like this. Works pretty well at making it look stable too
username checks out, its green so she's probably interested 
Maybe he didnt see the old guy when he looked up?
Love that wig
Yaaaaaaaass
You’re a fake ass fish, i dont fucking like you, you shouldnt even be here
*disasterina thru megaphone* EVERYBODY SHUT UP
Yet you keep using fag as an insult? How can you be so close minded lol
“Attention to detail” is pretty pointless if its only present in useless places/visual scenarios like the battery widget instead of actual phone functions
OOP
Relatable..
LAGANJA AND JUSH ARE EVERYTHING IN THIS VIDEO
Lmfao why are you so bothered you miserable homophobic thing
I will never stop laughing at “slut dragula” lmfaooo
lol @ 21 downvotes
Final extermination LEAKED
Very common on iphone 8+ aswell. I think its because the lock screen and notification dropdown are now the same thing, so the phone confuses the two.
Holy shit THANK YOUUU
Ok, but also, this is a pretty minor thing so its pretty understandable people didnt bother to google it
Didnt bother checking if its actually true, but youre right
Already have it on but i have a habit of turning off cellular data, so it might be useless when the day comes
Haha im just super scared of losing my phone since i worked so hard for it, if i lost my phone i would be calling it non stop. Thank you for making such huge efforts to find the owner!
Just reading this gave me anxiety...
This is the most extra and clever of replies
Serena chacha
I wonder if it means jaymes is the reincarnation of lady bunny
This reminds me of nina bonina so much... outrageous look, outrageous padding, intimidating the heteros, dance style
Why is there a second cancellation in a different angle?
id like to speak to your manager
Every second flair was farrah, dont play
Yeah lol people loooove denying it once the season is over
Where did you watch it?
Sharon’s aluminum wig, Katya’s blonde wig, Jasmines kuht kuht
I love how shallow the fanbase is that they base chances of winning on looks, remember when people thought farrah was gonna be top 3?
Did they set her house on fire?
Omfg
On the other hand, why would a blind guy go to the movies?
Pls
An earthquake? A tsunami? No.... its.... DISASTERINNNNAAAA
What the fuck is going on in here on this day
Roxxxy would, ironically, be killed on this rhyme
Biblegirl3:53 will forever be the best read
I stan her severely and I will only replace it for a kennedy flair
Roxxxy killed them AND this rhyme
Max is anything but funny
You forgot laganja
Same deal, it “streams” to your earpods, if you tap it you can make it play music in the speakers instead while your earpods are still connected
Means sound is being streamed instead of playing on iphone speakers, usually airpods/bluetooth speakers
I had this happen a couple of times and it usually happens when I get a whatsapp notification, it just stars vibrating and forgets to stop. No alarm no nothing. Closing all apps/sleep-wake doesnt help either
Happens to me aswell!! I have to reboot it to make it stop. What gives?
Its chicken bitch!
I think that there was T that people saw her near the studios during the taping of episode 1 so I doubt shell be revealed only on episode 2
They really shouldve made it one hour long episode
Trinity really changed since drag race
Really? I start at 100% and finish the day at 20-15 on my 8+.
I know!! I meant it in a good way lol read my edit
She did a fucking back walkover, thats like 12 year old gymnast shit
Edit: I meant it in a good way, its fucking hard and requires the flexibility of a 12 year old
Mouthoff77 is just a Raven stan
Downvoted because /r/apple has a weirdly intense love for apollo so any critism is downvoted 
Apollo visually sort of feels like it was designed for android rather than iphone. 
Hi Jessica???
Isnt this pic like a day old.... how
An icon
Wasnt there a BOTS in france?
Change yara to serena and it makes sense
I dont think a 30 year old can give “little latin boy in drag”
Plus, serena is perfect for this- young, messy, know it all, it would be iconic
Tbh? I feel like its just her mug. She painted kinda worried eyebrows
Let her feel her oats
Half of it was “its a great outfit but its not fucking green stop trying so hard” and the other half was “its green but its also horrendous”
This, but unironically
Sell bitcoin crash insurance but put a loophole in the contract so you dont have to actually pay
Im suing lmfaoooofofkejejdiwiek
Fuck
Unrelated, but did you experience a lot of eyebrow hair falling off? Id hate to lose my thicc eyebrows
Excuse me sweaty but the only queen doing it right is ms coco
I mean, the pics of her posted here pre season were pretty polished.. she only looked a mess on drag race
She should start drawing a tiny anus in there
Thanks daddy
... so was aja
Their affinity towards facetune
Gonna be val2 based on? Asking genuinely 
You cant deny their drag is very similar..
[Why is everyone so hyped for aquaria? This feels like aja pre season 9 airing... we all know how it ended]( /s)

Coco peru wig runway for s10
I kinda wanna follow up on this
Rose gold too! I hope they can make one that doesnt look cheap considering the glass back
[gotchu 🅱️am](https://i.imgur.com/hP07Xfu.jpg)
Capitalism is truly amazing
God we need these where I work
Did you hear that? I heard something click
Are straight men really so afraid of showing genuine emotion that they have to go out of their way with stuff like this to avoid it
I have no experience with that kind of stuff lol and i think the connector is busted too (and thats definitely a bitch to replace)... might try it as a project one day. Might be nice for nostalgias sake
[in case youre not just trolling](https://pbs.twimg.com/tweet_video_thumb/CExOot8WoAIJXE0.png)
Kim Chi tweets in a nutshell
The comic
All codes used now
This whole post reads like /r/hailcorporate
Cant hear music but i definitely hear the white noise youre talking about. I think its kinda like the speaker is on ‘standby’ so it can jump into action if you unmute/change the volume
I have one but i think the battery is busted.. might bother replacing it one day
I feel like the sub is just a movement against “le so relateable XD” and lazy comics. They just chose adam as their antichrist.
/r/Adam_fkn_Ellis_Again
Even more if youre not white
That would be so ugly tbh
This looks like a 3d render for some reason
Death cab for cutie is me in an uber after a long night of hooking
Omfg
Wait, are they real???? How do they not run away?
Whered you get the cute ladybugs?
does honey from prickly pear actually taste different?
Dont they dare
Did you see the sasha belles drag race one?
Youre really working that flair arent you
No, theyre just sort of buckled up in a facing the ground position. 
Didnt know facing the ground and being upside down is the same
Cocoon runway
Sooma Cum Latte
Im so happy I got you to call it a copypasta
Eh, its not like theyre actually upside down, wouldnt count this as sweaty palms..
Is this supposed to be a gif or something?
Thanks daddy
Can someone post the jar of mayonnaise copypasta i dont feel like looking for it
Still got more than kendra...
Love your brows
Really? I was wondering if it has to do with the fact shes not black
I think shes Belgian?
Honey honey friday night honey
Which dress?
No its erika klash
Eye make up is stunning but those lips.... gur
‘Keepin up with the haus of edwards’ is already in production
The best copypasta
I quote this daily
I think abhora is probably next
I know right??? Just seeing her in that wig at the start of the episode I knew it was about to be incredible
I love it when legends support legends
Are you serious?
Th-this horse cant go faster?..
Is graphic design your passion?
Yeah, doing the robot in a forever21 bra was so good!
Can you upload the full res version of this?
Oh, shameo
Can you link which one you get? Maybe youll get lucky
Had the exact same experience, and I believe it was the hamstrings. Started stretching my hamstrings and saw more results.
Apple released an update which meant most 3rd party ones wont work. I had a bunch of cheap ebay ones that worked great for weeks, but then updated to ios 10.something and got the “this accessory is not supported” after a couple minutes of playback. Id just get the apple one and not bother with it..
This isnt actually a final fantasy game..
Edit: did any of yall search the game on the app store/click the ad? Its some bootleg tower defense thing by some unknown company. Its not an ad for the actual FF game.
Im ashamed to say it took me about 40 seconds to realize its not actually kennedy
Where can I watch it?
A brain aneurysm doesnt care if trade is coming over
I thought you said “cucu” and almost had a brain aneurysm
Im not talking about that. Im talking about things like a 1$ being compared to an apple cable. One is gonna bloat your battery, while the other probably wont. The same goes for wireless chargers regardless of manufacturer  
I feel like thats similar to thinking cheap and expensive phone cables/adapters are the same inside
I know its not the most complex or sophisticated or whatever, but she really knows her face and theres something very satisfying about it
How is she so perfect
Kinda loving this
Tbh! Shes so polished
Tbh id be excited by that
This isnt great execution either
This one made me laugh fr
[try posting a flyer?](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/BuOF75vIcAECRFb.jpg)
I really love queens who do that contrast between super butch and super femme. Refreshing to see out of a sea of white twinks
Good luck cleaning it up aswell
Really? Mine last two days, and i use them around 3 hours a day..
Good luck! Post an update
the Jake is up Bitches
What if he takes off the jacket after running away? That way the police are looking for a guy in a yellow jacket so hes safe
Yeah, becky glasscock was robbed!!11
Uhh... yeah it is?
Youre being n-a-n-c-y-uh bitch you know the rest
God was like “let me find this blue that matches this brown”
Ive never seen that in my life
This was the best mariah moment ever
Pretty much the same
Go ahead, I support you
Did you activate lost mode on Find my Newton?
Actually i recall bianca telling a story about how ru watched her show at a bar or whatever after season 6
Bought my 8+ in japan and didnt experience any bad service... i was at a tax free line with a lot of other tourists and workers were going down the line checking for people to make sure the phones theyre buying are in stock
Trinity’s verse was iconic, shame on you
She got dragged and now shes fumbling for excuses, Aja I love you baby but aint nothing unique about that overdone triangular eyeliner gig
Dida Ritz was born for this
Send it to me so i can bite it
This is beautiful!
Does this work with most pad boiis? Can i just grab a small pad from a cactus and plant it?
I feel like its more of a dating sim... can you successfully seduce latrice?
Kennedy
[Relevant](https://youtu.be/hM_pWx_olo0)
They should ask tyra
She’s busy
We all know its coming. And I cant wait to see it
Chi chi, kennedy, trixie... can there be 3 winners?
No, trinity is trump because theyre both crazy but off the hook
 Edit: fucking jk kimora jesus
I feel like shea is bernie and sasha is hillary 
whoa
oooh i see, thanks!
[fun fact: i searched for “hot water” on this sub to find this post lol](https://www.reddit.com/r/rupaulsdragrace/comments/7a9met/season_1_jade_in_some_hot_water_out_in_chicago/?st=JA2YOSNS&sh=a2298c3d)
Yall would dickpig a fucking show title
Hell yeah i know how to sop it up girl :-)
There was a post a while ago about jade attacking a trans man for going into the mens room
Drag herrrr
Yeah its a really fucking awful show, its the epitome of bad sitcoms
Oop
She said theyre hers, apparently they were taken care of during filming
Seriously someone needs to teach them how to pose lmfao
Did it have to say dragula or could you pick something else?
^howdy
I swear cacti are so weird.. it looks like a tree
Yep, but i didnt notice it since i had a pink 7 so fingerprints didnt show.. only when i got my black 8+. Doesnt bother me too much tho
Idg why youre being downvoted, I can relate, my 8+ button gets fingerprints mad quickly
The dots are IR light, and the regular camera only sees visible light. So there is an ir camera.
It looks like an iphone 4/5 tho so shouldnt be too expensive
/u/goodbeertimes you owe him a beer
Gurl if they need messy gays with no confidence and an awful life im free
I think its just the way the sequins show up in bad lighting and bad camera quality... i dont think its a filter
Are you suggesting we should drown them? Im down tbh
I mostly lived for nina during untucked, i do like the old untucked better but i feel like the new one has some potential if they cut away some of the slow motion black and white footage
The new untucked is boring? I thought the season 9 untucked was really good
Still more than 0$
Lmfaoooooo
Thank you for speaking up, youre so brave
That album cover is fucking dope
I just wish it were darker
Oh god, the ipod touch 4 would scratch soooooo easily. Mine looks like its been through a war after 2 months
Im pretty sure sahara was one of the zombies that episode, wouldnt say its thaaat big of a deal
Express yourself was already lipsynced to by vivacious and kelly
Its always uncomfortable to me. Unless im doing something else, id probably prefer talking over staring and doing nothing
This was 2 days ago but it still got me shook over how fucking accurate it is, im really not feeling milk and this described exactly my reasons for it
You can tell from my approach i have a loving family, grandm-ASS! And it was very easy growing up like this!
Thats fucking awful
Oh my god
???
[sherry is shook](https://youtu.be/8mfPkU_UJu0)
Everyone wants to be a pickle jar hero!
Eh, i feel like its not different enough from the regular app to justify paying for it. 
Whats even so great about it compared to other reddit apps? It feels all the same pretty much
Whats with the hyperbole around it? You cant even post from the app without paying...
Edit: getting downvoted for not liking an app. Keep goin reddit
/r/iamverybadass
Edit: meant you can find most of these memes on this sub
What about all those “comon robbers make my day!!!” Memes that are very abundant online?
Well Temer, do you even watch the state?
Still worries me... i wouldnt use a 5$ cable/adapter so why would i use a 10$ wireless charger?
Never in my life have i bothered to 3d touch the wallpaper for that animation
I wouldnt charge my phone with that. Id be worried it would bloat the battery
I think they just dont let her out of the nursing home enough to go shopping
I honestly think shes getting too old for drag. Maybe she should channel her artistry elsewhere
Tried drilling a hole into it but i think it made it wilt. Any chance of saving it or should i chop off the dead parts and let it propagate?
Ru pauls drag race race
I like big butts and i cannot lie
Do you have any tips for taking care of these? I think im watering mine too much 
I dont see me in the pic tho
Well, might be anecdotal, but usually when mine develop decent roots i pluck them off the big leaf and plant them so the roots are underground. I then water them with about a bottlecap of water every 1.5-2 weeks. Idk how else to help you, sorry :/
Do you cover the roots with dirt when they form? Do you water them?
Might be overwatering/not watering at all? Are the roots above ground or below ground?
YoU aRe SoOoOoOoO fAt GiRl
Id wait for the x2 personally
True aswell. But i wouldnt say the blame is all on the woman like some comments here do
Apple store or t mobile? Making sure
Possibly got them tax free. Most countries allow that. I got my 8+ in japan and didnt pay a tax for it, and didnt have to declare it in customs aswell
Yep. When i got my 7 i kept leaving it at home because i was so worried for it
Why is the truck driver so close to the crossing if he cant even see the people walking over it?
Why do you tell people?
You can do that?..
Its cool, but i think /r/drag, or /r/sfx would appreciate it more
And this is rpdr related, because.....?
Id suggest posting this on a more fitting sub
I played Portal 2 with my gamer friend and it usually ends with us cussing at eachother. Still fun, but id imagine it wont be as fun if one of the players didnt actually know how to play
I love how drag makeup looks super weird until they put on the lips, then it all makes sense
Wow an icon
I feel like this would lead to mirrors being uploaded online, which would take view and ad revenue from WoW
I think she had some work done since the show. 10th queen?
Yep lol. I think its something with the new ios
All good
[ok so the reddit app is just being really weird](https://i.imgur.com/1lhbu4T.png). just checked on pc and the comment shows up right.
Ok so why is 1.9 GHz at 91% but 1.0 GHz at 62%?
Idg what the percentages next to the GHz values represent though?
Yeah
Im so proud of you
Ikr???
I liked rewatching the s7 finale 
I think its very obvious he was poking fun at the trend of prayforx but most of this sub seemed to miss that
Am i missing something?
Yeah it was bad, but i feel like the overall direction was good? I thought that if princess disastah was more polished it couldve been fierce
Did you mean to type 2.0,2.1,2.2?
edit: [this is how i saw the comment for some reason](https://i.imgur.com/1lhbu4T.png)
If it was meth or something i would’ve believed it
The goggles probably dont let IR light through while the glasses do
Lmfao this is so goooooood
100k dollars leaves you with a lot of fucking money for outfits
Bedsheets arent gloves tho.. would it work with something thicker
Who said it isnt okay to say fag? Fags say fag all the time
Peppermint dancing to scheisse was the only rudemption to this
Why is there a smaller tatianna with a different expression
Did anyone else forget trixie is a man with a penis
I fucking love gia