How difficult is it to change the battery? I have done the Nexus 5 batter which goes smoothly, but the videos about the 5x battery change claim you need many very specific tools 
Wasn't he against the money? Just fell into line after it was passed?
Tbf the military is stretched extremely thin across the globe because we station so many troops in various countries. The Crux of it is that the military has too many directives/missions. To some degree because they are abused to political advantage.
I always have an emergency belay device on the back loop of my harness 
Uh if you get hit with a falling rock? Can knock you unconscious
Uh rappelling without a friction device is insane. Just holding on with hands? 
Ugh I flipped a guy off, he slowed and sat there presumably thinking about getting out. This place is fucking rough man
Paging Larry David 
I still know him, but I used to, too 
Yup Bronx for sure
Love the name 
climb boulders and be...molders?
I really love on punch man, but I haven't watched a lot of anime. Any suggestions?
Ooooo I love that stuff 
i really loved "the american peril" ep 49  about the spanish american war. I knew almost nothing about that period or pres mckinley. Also, since it was closer to modern history I was more interested in its bearing on the present day global politics
I own like 10 adapters. Makes life so much easier
Try it with pickled jalapeno juice instead. So fucking good
u da real mvp
Ok...you wanna cookie?
or graduate school.
We used to do that. I have also used this method to stir a goopy reaction mixture in an rbf when. We didn't have an overhead stirerr 
Do these bacteria d
Work in high salinity environment s like ocean?
But you will fit really fancy jeans really well 
ok thanks
the second guy to the left is a sheep
yeah PT provides so much more than a straight laced doc can do. When i broke my ankle the surgeon was useless when it came to recovery, but the PT helped me physically and mentally.
Eh now I use mendeley and Adobe for when I need to make a snapshot
This year foxit started to become really unstable for both my partner and I 
Uhh yeah it's explored pretty well in the later books
Aaaaand that's how you get fat in America
If you're not into the whole brevity thing 
I think it's all lost a lot of pixels along the way somewhere (?)
I got confused thinking that was it 
Love Hangouts chat with Google voice
"plan"
My wife's with Visa process got halted. We were stuck apart in different countries. It was simply horrible. So many more people were affected 
he needs some coffee to stop him from being such a douche 
Are his attorneys terrible? Is that because any good attorney would not work for him?
Are there nipples on it?
This sub has kind of ruined the rewatch for me. The show used to be fun but now Reddit just keeps reminding me it's a show about a depressed horse 
handegg amirite
My life got too stressful so I dropped slightly more intense podcasts like TAL and RL and listened to around the NFL exclusively for a while just to keep me relaxed 
We get three bags a month as part of a subscription to Jj bean which is a Vancouver roastery. We make press with the Eastside blend 
Wizard and glass was the best of the series imo
I think you can like tgt whole also missing tg
Why aren't they getting good celebs like tg? Paris Hilton...what?
/r/nfl is leaking 
She got great big horns growing out her head. Ugly as sin but a hell of a good cook 
hate to say it but "going off on someone" isn't going to change any minds
My wife is using my old n5 which I have changed the battery and screen on a couple times and I'm still rocking the n5x
Fire on high. Such a cool weird song 
Yeah one time I actually distilled several mls of waterb leftover from the ether when trying to isolate my product. Etoac is harder to pull off but I favor it
Haha yep. I do avoid ether workup though.
For me it seems like this happens when someone else has connected to my Bluetooth device
Yes conversationally it's correct like he said 
But...it does water your wine down and adds a bunch of sugar 
Like a pickleback or fire walk with me 
h
Damn try to take some ea and we'll really see it 
Also it is uncommon for health insurance to pay for the pill
Well they did go to war because they couldn't get their space meds 
uh jersey water is pretty terrible compared to nyc water ime
how much the military you think?
Yeah there are a bunch of sounds to try
Uhh are you giving Amazon support over Reddit? Insane what is this world coming to
Interesting downvoting going on here
I'm in almost the same spot!
Why do I want to see him in Wes anderson
Oh wow you must be a real badass 
I am also looking for advice. Climbing is my life outside of work and I just realized I have injured a2 pulleys in my left ring and middle fingers. I'm not sure what to do with myself. Last year I was out for 7 months with a broken ankle and I just cannot do that again. 
Lol all I can imagine is someone trying to spatchcock a chicken while in an oven 
I want to be a woman!
Looks tasty but can you lift it without spilling?
nyc
yes i am in the US and want to watch the olympics on cbc streaming
how can i watch cbc coverage when i am in the US?
Would love a map...
Isn't this piece on Etsy?
The courts have been finding this action by the feds to be unconstitutional. Trump/sessions has tried to threaten the cities with taking away funding of they don't detain for ICE but it has not been held up in court.
What's the price link now?
i thought the first ep was kind of bad... could not continue
Lol
FOOTBALL
Yeah good players have "add" and "insert"
I fucking love chicken rice. Where is there good chicken rice in NYC?
omg saved 
What I find so frustrating is when I add an album to the queue it adds it next up not at the end of the queue. Do people really not listen to albums in a row anymore?
I think you'll find a lot of synthesis people like the chaotic good 
Is it easy enough to get the medical exam after notice? What doctor should we go to? Thanks 
Aaaand ya banged 
also eyelashes?
check out songs: ohia, magnolia electric company, the national eponymous album, bill callahan, etc. lots of good "alt-country" out there
Interesting I didn't hear that. S there a link?
She was later released as well 
My wife is from iran and she only says Farsi
Run the shop from astrometrics 
💯
At climbing gyms ttypically very supportive of beginners 
One ref saw it was down and whistled. Another ref saw the fumble. It's not rocket science 
There was hands to the face by the jags on that play 
It too me several episodes but eventually I did come to like neo yokio 
Neo yokio and devilman crybaby have been good 
Would rather be working construction and ripping cigs 
uh i'm pretty sure it's only progressive if your ahead of the game 
thanks! perfect
yes! my spouse makes that and it is amazing
oh that's a nice plan i dont think i have unlimited music/video. still cannot beat the value of my plan though 5gb/30$
yeah i have a grandfathered cheap tmobile plan with a bunch of cheap data but only 100 minutes, so i make all calls over VoIP
i guess i just like my sms and hangouts messaging in the same spot
oh ive never tried video chat on it. i agree it does have some weaknesses

What do you use the voice app for then?
Brees big number games this year were when they had come from behind. When you have a good defense and good run game you have fewer games playing catch-up thus fewer big throws 
I still just fucking love Hangouts with g voice account. 
I was thinking about getting a fire device with a hard drive so I could download the show prior and I think it will be the full res
ey der doggo
sadly chemists do not consider themselves normal. especially when they are graduate students they tend to think they are not allowed nice things like "normal people"...this leads to self-destructive working hours etc
On a radio spot I thought TB was genuinely sad when he heard about the JG trade, and I think he realized his desire to keep playing forever might actually end up hurting the future of the team, and he really wanted JG to take his spot when he was done
Jolly rancher....shudder
Yeah the uranium fissions into something else 
yupppp christ its like skiing isnt on the internet or something.
Would be awesome for the car 
I like to do cowboy coffee. The coffee is excellent, no grounds depending on your skill, and no extra equipment, just a pot! You just let the grounds settle after stirring them in and help them by sprinkling a little cold water on top. Here are detailed instructions https://driftaway.coffee/how-do-you-make-cowboy-coffee/
Wow feels 
Thank you. Is it possible to find out those precise dates?
So the newly passed travel restrictions do not affect your husband? I can't find a clear answer on this one anywhere 
Thank you!
hmmm maybe we should have filed the i-131. the waters on that might be murky though because my partner is from iran
thanks this is what i was looking for
I hope you like them extra sloppy!
My cabbages!!!
yes, i tihnk the celeb bit can be reenergized with some better celebs

YES!
eh I thought some of the tg celeb interviews were kind of fun. could be again. the hoff stinks
yes! 100% the shots were cut really tight (why I say it's overproduced). I tihnk it was especially bad because "the hoff" sucked so hard so they had to edit the crap out of him
yeah the audience laughter a bit too well timed. ah well i don't think we can ever go back to that pokey old motoring show
Yeah I liked that bit also 
It will always be scripted. They need to have fewer cuts, longer shots. Better celebrities
Do you need a current fi account. I bought my phone through first, no longer with them 
this typically happens with thin cheap shitty pans
there was some redditor a while back who posted a full schedule analysis for this strategy
thanks a lot! I might suggest you check out wetransfer for filesharing
Same here 
You're telling me, I have cluster headaches. Takes me out of work for 2-3 months every 3-4 years. A migraine every single day. Make me want to die 
separated form my wife by the trump travel ban
was there for thanksgiving...i wanted to stay there for the rest of 2017, I was so sad to leave.
Mmmm coava 
...also america
And If the women don't find you handsome, they should at least find you handy
Except for prisons?
Uh I mean their drip is the same price or cheaper than anywhere else. Their Capps and lattes etc are same price as well. Still crap though 
It might be your pumps not mixing well 
It might be your pumps not mixing well across the period of the run 
I bought a replacement battery once my turned to absolute shit but I was pretty intimidated by the online articles about how to do it. I have changed my n4 and n5 batteries and screens before but it looked quite a bit more involved for the n5x. Is this true?
when I get into awkward situations I like to pretend i am playing larry david in curb, and so when things go south its not me its just the character i'm playing
yes wtf this is the first time ever i have received notice of a delay. ust be how they made so much profit last quarter
in canada i used to get my tree at the beginning of november and we would water it...it was fine through january
Yeah these impeachment attempts right now just seem to be distractions and will I think in the long run hurt Dems 
my friend got the delta symbol which i think is nice

How is I conflict of interest if someone donated to a campaign? Is that a normal test to determine conflict of interest?
i have heard its easier through Fi if you got it through the service
ugh.. does it come with a new warranty?
n5x refurbished. hope they fixed the bootloop if it can be fixed
my forester runs much better if you run it in "3rd" gear (it's an auto) until the vehicle warms up
huh i think my parents had one of those, lasted forever
i opened a bottle of conc ammonium hydroxide and there was a small overpressure in the bottle. i was wearing all PPE but it sprayed a little bit up under my glasses. had to run to the eyewash! that shit is bad
Oh sorry your phrasing was a little confusing 
Are you kidding me rothfuss would be terrible. Maaaayyyybeee Steven Erikson as long as he doesn't get to name any of the characters and has other people write the dialogue 
lets just print mars closer
Sounds awful

edit: /s anybody (?)
sounds like a pink floyd song. is frederick getting rather old but he's a good mouse?
anus
rubbing your eyes
I have a feeling it's more to do with the low surface tension of IPA
This is George Costanza af 
That one time it was on star trek ds9
Yeah we used to get cheques for gst periodically because we didn't make a ton of money 
Maybe I'll skip both of them and flex j kearse
Maybe I'll skip both of them and flex j kearse?
It was...soap poisoning!
It's a crummy commercial!
A-L-W-A-Y-S-D-R-I-N-K-Y-O-U-R-O-V-A-L-T-I-N-E
Little snowflake here getting downvoted 
Well the real crux of the argument is not whether JJ can force players to stand but rather should he, which is a type of question that neutral politics shies away from.
The problem is that congestion fees are highly regressive 
some pig
6-3 dolphins
Perhaps too Goldman sachs-y
the black shin ramen bumps it up even another notch
I thought season 3 kind of jumped the shark
*hitler mustache intensifies*
the black thing is a phone?
What's really creepy is that I can search by my partners pet name that no one else in the world knows and yet it does do...
thanks we spoke to our state rep and they said the same thing
Does anyone know if this new ban also affects family members of Americans? I am American but my spouse is Iranian and we are just getting together the spousal PR application. Is that still possible?
It would be really nice to see a full journalistic study detailing the ACa passage
interesting the labeling always seems pretty straightforward to me
So what's the difference between this and crushed tomatoes? I
For a quick sauce personally I prefer canned diced tomatoes or hand crushed whole canned tomatoes 
I'm so jealous I am waiting desperately for the new one in December
I think the problem is that under super glue cuts heal really really slowly
Lol champignon just means mushroom in French...
Possibly spark plug wire connections. My subaru had a similar problem and that fixed it 
But they can negotiate from a stronger position 
Loved this episode. My fave is memory by rl 
Radiolabs memory
At least the book series is excellent
haha no, rock. no good i'm guessing?
When I hear about you story I tihnk about all of the star trek episodes where they explore Geordi's blindness. In one expisode they visit a planet where genetic screening has eliminated all genetic differences like blindness, etc. However when the planet is threatened by a major disaster they are saved by a technology that was developed specifically to make the visor that gives Geordi the ability to see. It's a pretty good episode! http://memory-alpha.wikia.com/wiki/The_Masterpiece_Society_(episode)
it's also a kind of super power if you could just block out all noise at will. taking a nap on the train, for example
I switched from being a hardcore republican to a liberal after living ten  years in canada. not that weird of a place but probably in the middle of a playground in the middle of the night is the most unusual place.
He means "naggers"
I've been rewatching as well!
Enol*
What's up with the intense ads in that article? they were very distracting
I thought he chose not to vote because he viewed clinton and trump as one and the same...which is an ignorant and egregious error clearly
ah what a nice discussion here!
you should do an AMA!
I also live right near one. I highly recommend dried shrimp. They are this chewy umami explosion. I made this dish http://ohsnapletseat.com/2013/07/08/chinese-stir-fried-cabbage/ to learn the technique of cooking them (I use veg oil) and now I'm expanding on that and adding lots of other weird ingredients like other vegetables and fish tofu which is like a very tasty tofu with really flavor 
uh that's not why I disliked it. frankly I found it a bit trite and I thought the thieves were too goody-too-shoes to even be real.
did not like very much also
oh my god I read almost all of the malazan series (got to half way through #9) and I gave up. I was so close. It got that disjointed for me!
Well the real George aka Larry David did exactly this on curb 
Jerry's gf works at the charity and mentions she has been playing words with Friends with someone who turns out to be Newman 
Care to delineate the rights trampled by healthcare programs around the world? Maybe start with Canada 
Having lived in Canada for ten years I can vouch for the reasonably good healthcare with none of the insane stress that comes in the American system.
The problem is Democrats don't vote 
<3 Michael Smith 
That opinion seems to be the popular one around this sub. Personally I love my burgers to be similar to meatballs. No bread crumbs but I use meatloaf trio, an egg, lots of diced onions, Italian herbs, anchovy paste, olive oil and salt. I love that crunchy onion in the patty  and they always come out very juicy and delicious 
Huh I just went to /r/islam and I thought people were very nice about it, supportive of gays generally but very conflicted because it is clearly a sin in the Quran. I dunno, I just searched for all posts mentioning "gay" and I thought there discussion was very open minded. Maybe I missed something?
I left fi but kept my voice account for hangouts which has been an excellent move to maintain the things you list about fi that you like
This guy's on fire 
I don’t know if they grade sand but….coarse
these are the esoteric issues that bite to the core of democracy and its improvement. Even though Trudeau did not push electoral reform though, I think it was wonderful how well educated the concerned the canadian populace was in regard to this complex issue, while here in america we are still flinging feces at each other. Electoral reform can have a great outsized positive effect on the country, and it is these fundamental principles that will push any country in the positive direction. At lease in the US we had the successful SCOTUS case against gerymandering, that's something!
the pre-existing conditions clause kind of changed the way americans perceive healthcare. I think it started to make people think that everyone needs and "deserves" healthcare, not health insurance. Why would an insurance company ever take someone who they absolutely know will take more than they give? This changes the entire paradigm of views on healthcare, driving home that it is the care we need, no the insurance.
it's not healthcare in the US, it's still based on this antiquated notion of health "insurance" as if some people might never need it
It might mattere for other politicians watching though 
no that's the ikea crib theyre getting
what about the of nots?
Neon is extremely unreactive. It cannot catch fire. I'm pretty sure it's used in really fancy fire suppression systems.
Isn't it a little crazy to use a hotspot with fi data prices?
Wow! Good news! Interested
I concur. I'm in good shape but still need an undershirt
i like to watch the patriots alone in the dark...
peanut butter cap'n crunch is the shiiiiiiiit
Too bad bb+Trump, but if you're rich enough just don't think about it
You can tell because of the pixels 
Well, this is how I drive. I try to move over once I'm not steadily passing people, but sometimes there's some driver trying to go over 100 behind me. I try to move over and let them go when it's convenient to me
For about one second I thought this was a thread about the band the war on drugs
Except for healthcare. No choice there! Oh and transit and roads and infrastructure and generally government operations you need them so they are invariably different
Im dying here 
Perhaps I just miss the past 
are there plans for s2 on amazon?
wtf how is
Ah I miss Canada 
I have 5 gb on t mobile for 30$ it then just slows down. Data has made my life so much more flexible, not worrying with shitty wifi all the time. It's an old plan but my spouse current has the 5gb for 45 per month before slowing and that is still currently offered 
A flute with no holes, is not a flute. A donut with no hole, is a Danish
Dude chill 
Whenever I "add album to queue" in Spotify it does not actually add the album to the end of the current queue but rather insterts the album between the song i'm playing and whatever is left of the album i'm listening to. Is there a solution here? It seems totally idiotic that Spotify would make it like this when for the past forever years in any half decent music organizer "add song/album to queue" always means adding to the end of the queue
use the app "DiskUsage" which scans and displays your storage space in a 2D graphical rendering, where each file/folder is a drilldown square so you can quickly figure out what file(s) is/are hogging up all of the space. There's also a similar utility for windows that is very useful for PCs as well
Eh, I still enjoyed it
I haven't had bootloop problems but my battery is shit after 6 months. It drains faster than it can charge when I run maps and podcasts 
I think dragonair looks like it is giving us the middle finger
oh i forgot about the cavalcade, i guess you're right
seconded. my 5x is 9 months old and it drains battery faster than it can charge when running gmaps and podcasts. i went 4->5->5x i think i'm done with google phones, especially since i'm pretty much priced out of them at this point
uh my car is from 2006...i have an fm transmitter :( do you not understand people who cannot just go out and buy a new car?
I prefer to to have a bunch of wired chargers throughout my life...like at home, in the kitchen, work, in my bag, in my other bag...plus the usb charger can be used for all of my devices. That way I do not have to remember to pack a charger everywhere i go.
so i would have to bring a wireless charger every time i go on some trip?
ah might as well buy a new car  so i can charge my phone
Having lived in Canada for ten years...the stress level is just so much lower and the quality of life is much higher because you are not worried about healthcare expenses. I moved to the US and immediately broke my ankle and had a firsthand (foot?) experience of the US system and it is absolutely rubbish. Even having insurance caused a hug amount of stress and expense.
tasteless boors like trump, that's who
Really what the middle East is missing is more weapons. This will solve everything
You need to listen to that podcast asap 
Yes he can the recent radiolab addresses this question 
Yeah Android emulators are excellent
Yeah my sister teaches high school and she always has compatibility problems with files students submit so she requires them to be googledoc
so then why do they keep giving him information? just stop
OUTSIDE
My main annoyance has been because I have to get my bags and do customs on a layover which is brutal 
Also the seven gods
It would be coming pretty slowly presumably
I hate flying through yyz. Direct flights on ac to USA are typically pretty good for me though from yvr 
No it needs to be disposable. I will try you guys out!
Yeah piercing is essential. They need to couple to either simple needles or the long all-metal needles 
i cannot find smaller than 1 mL. here: https://www.fishersci.com/shop/products/national-target-all-plastic-disposable-syringes/p-4525984
I chuckled aloud
Is to kingdom come on vinyl?
It's scarily accurate
Jerrycurl ftw
I'm pretty sure they haven't implemented that band yet 
This would be gilded but we have no money. Here's some silver 
The feds should pay for it
The chemistry book by Derek Lowe 
Worried it's too expense 
Also now he is the president of everyone in the states not just candidate of Republicans. It is abnormal to not soften plans once in office. 
Man I actually chuckled out loud at that. Been a while for something the internet
As an organic chemistry PhD student I'm fairly certain the technology to catalytically break polyethylene down to ethylene does not exist. can anyone find an actual citation for that? presumably you get a pretty broad mix of hydrocarbons when you break PE down. http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0165237000001455

If you use it chronically it can take months to leave your system 
USB C Adapter, CHOETECH 2-Pack USB-C to Micro USB Adapter Convert Connector with Keychain and 56k Resistor for 2016 MacBook Pro, Google Pixel/Pixel XL https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01I91NFUI/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apap_mAQbK3MEFCJwl
I thought they looked a little sketchy. This product send to work well
it's not ideal by any means but it has saved my butt several times

strange i ordered these around december of last year
Ok ok ok here it is geez USB C Adapter, CHOETECH 2-Pack USB-C to Micro USB Adapter Convert Connector with Keychain and 56k Resistor for 2016 MacBook Pro, Google Pixel/Pixel XL https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01I91NFUI/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apap_mAQbK3MEFCJwl
Just kind of...normally? USB C Adapter, CHOETECH 2-Pack USB-C to Micro USB Adapter Convert Connector with Keychain and 56k Resistor for 2016 MacBook Pro, Google Pixel/Pixel XL https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01I91NFUI/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apap_mAQbK3MEFCJwl
USB C Adapter, CHOETECH 2-Pack USB-C to Micro USB Adapter Convert Connector with Keychain and 56k Resistor for 2016 MacBook Pro, Google Pixel/Pixel XL https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01I91NFUI/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apap_mAQbK3MEFCJwl
I keep a tiny micro to type c adapter on my keychain 
I like yo call him lost wages!
Broke my ankle that way. I was laid up for several months. Maybe 25hp?
Snap so many does he go feral 
There is also a sequel "the river" where he goes back and does it all over again. Not as good 
There was that podcast about the guy (Japan?) who was not allowed to leave an apartment and only live off what he was able to win in mail away contests . I think they ended up shipping him to Korea 
But then you don't get anyone near as fucked up as Trump in the parliamentary system 
yeah google play store. i see it using the Disk Usage app
Jesus my canker sores are so fucking terrible I will look out for this 
also i would recommend being extremely comfortable and with your partner on the chief

Yeah actually I buy their stuff on vinyl but would love to stream also 
I just did it and they didnt ask an email. not sure how they are verifying... they say they use "sheerid" to verify?
drag city records doesn't distribute through spotify so we miss out on bonnie prince billy, bill callahan, and the silver jews (and more). I even wrote them and they said they won't dist on spotify until they treat the artists better :(
everyone in suburbia anyway
yep. price of meat on signage in per pound while the package gives you the mass of the meat in kg.
I would assume congressional republicans would rather work with Pence, though an impeachment would likely impinge on their effectiveness
That's done high quality h2o
Fuck what is this referencing 
yeah his wife kind of annoys me in the ad
the difference is commercial availability and the relative price of the SM
I think I would prefer amazon simply because I have an amazon fire tv stick 
My fire tv stick has a twitter app so i can stream through that
For some reason twitter was not advertising it enough. i used to go to nflstreams and screw around trying to find a half decent stream until some commenter would remind me that twitter was streaming
how complicated US immigration is. no my spouse does not immediately become a citizen right when she married me like in the movies
wyyyyyy
Yep it is. We already got through the premium processing bit, so not sure what's happening now 
I knew an American who was a girl guide leader 
We are both in chemistry and I went to the us for grad school and she is following. She secured a job soon after I came here but then things exploded. Currently in "administrative processing", which is taking an abnormally long time 
Surely there are many girl guides without Canadian citizenship.
this is not true. Iran is so far from saudi arabia
I married a really cool, beautiful and smart Persian girl I met at University here in Canada! we are now waiting for her visa for a job in the US...
Remember we were supposed to be be in cap hell this year because of our defense?
He has said several times that offense is more important than defense in today's game 
watchseriesgo.to
For one night only....Saaaaaashi!
In 2003 bush tried to pass a law on mortgages trying to stop exactly what happened only to be thwarted by the Democrats. Of course we don't know if it would have worked but it's hard to lay the blame on bush I think 
buaest?
Damn 6 foot arms you're some kinda neanderthal
why can't allo also have the hangouts stickers? i actually love stickers...
100% it should help i tihnk
get a google voice number hangouts does sms from gmail
noice
Yeah they can do terrible damage by reporting leaks about Clinton and result in electing a dangerous buffoon 
good news everybody!
I still use my Google voice account on my t mobile account so I get all of those features
I didn't do anything special and I kept my GV when I left fi 
Under these conditions noting would happen to the glutamate
Excuse me 60000-100000 people were affected by that, not including the families it tore apart
I just keep the argument flow through my spaghetti lines on pretty much constantly
I feel like American would just bulldoze a mountain and put a city down
So if i understand this correctly now, if the game ends on a TD in regular time there has to be an extra point, but in OT it is not req'd to hit the extra point?
Damn we need a sharpener for ours
interested in learning how to grow that 90$ into a mcmansion? Join Mr Flaim's economics class in the hague, the netherlands!
Hi there, is there any specific information on what is happening with visas that were in the process of being approved?
do you have a citation for this? we were 1 inch from a visa when it came through.
It would have to be made of very tiny atoms and do you know how expensive those are!?
boboli ftw. it's so easy and pretty good
Edgar your skin is hanging off your boness 
https://i.redditmedia.com/uUr9by_SOSympLptvdlcG4NpRlYFUFfWSh4iUyJrW5I.jpg?w=249&s=0a8aa550d49853ca24c84d1ab00055c9
call holding whenever a flag is thrown
For several years we struggled mightily in the secondary
Cooks came in enough clutch for me to get to the final. I just kept him in there
It would have been professional to show up at the afccg 
I agree OK google is ungainly 
Lol TiVo blast from The past 
Pats TE Matt Lengel scores 2 two TDs
usb type c ftw
my b!...5

http://cdn.acidcow.com/gifs/20150319/gifs_20.gif
I believe a number of the writers on b5 also worked on ds9
I really loved b5. It's kind of similar to the expanse
I like Locus
nobody knows!
because he blocked dan hanzus...?
how did he spend all that time in acting school and nfl head coach school? man must never sleep
Whoosh.gif
Uh they made a TV show about that 
Is that a teitelist?
Also who would ever desire to watch the game on your phone at a 5yo birthday party 
Ugh I hate the NFL football life balance ad. Makes me feel bad 
There should be a command for go away google pls for God's sake go away
Personally I have stopped buying a ton of cheapo records and now I buy only albums I really want (typically new and expensive) but I buy very few of them 
so slippers?
and in this case...clevelanders? 
Duda apparently...
The difference is that those places have jobs that pay well enough to afford the housing
Well they have google maps and another app called driving 
I cast YouTube through the app and then other media through localcast without having to rooting.  From a 5x to a fire stick
Did Android hit a huge market growth that VB year?
I think that's actually deflectors
So is the bootloop a power button issue like in the Nexus 5? I had my button fixed on that one and it's been fine since 
I read somewhere you need AMOLED. Does it seem OK? What system do you have?
I recently got one. Everything is fine but I'm a bit bummed that you can't use it for VR 
Harrison Ford took a share of profits in lieu of pay while Hamill took the cash. Too bad for him 
Celebrations are OK as long as they are sponsored 
Don't think so
Definitely. I left recently for work elsewhere. Miss van though :(
Same here :(
Oh my god I'm not able to go home for the holidays and that hit me in the feels 
I assume that was corrected for considering it would be so simple to do
Interesting I wonder if I can do this on my Amazon fire stick 
I had the same experience in ca 
A cable watcher in the wild on Reddit. Wow! What's it like these days?
Damn I wanted to hear from spicerack for the lulz 
Lorda' MRSA
I got my 5x, activated Fi, paid the month, and then cancelled 
AND YOU WILL RUN AS FAST AS KENYANS
I think the ppt will just crash out. This may be a fair amount of heat put off by the neutralization and the precipitation, which could spew ammonia gas, but nothing like ammonia and bleach
Wtf
You could try cat hydrogenation. I just googled amide hydrogenation and there was a nice pdf with a bunch of lit. I don't have any hands on experience though 
Hold on the John Madden 
Everyone knows it's always x=pi/2
MS vs Ms 
So much this I don't care it's goddamn football and I love it no matter what 
I used to stir my phosphonium salts vigorously in ether overnight to convert them from an amorphous goo to a fluffy material 
 Thomas covenant the unbeliever is an excellent series without any real specific magic system
Not enough James May. I almost think he might have felt intimidated or out of place on the huge production.
YOU HAVE BEEN SUBSCRIBED TO SNAPPER FACTS
I really thought it was a little tongue in cheek
damn joe zone!
thatsthejoke.jpg
Hexanes are a neurotoxin 
I felt exactly the same but it is excellent. The royals had much more to do with the strength of the empire in those days as well
This is bizarre timing for wikileaks to be doing an ama when there is such hostility towards them in regard to their actions during the election. Brazen 
I suspected this. Scifinder is a bit tough since the intermediate azomethine is typically not referenced. I'm working now on thermally opening the benzyl protected aziridine bit it's a pretty messy reaction. The 3+2 we want to do is with an electron rich alkene which is slower than with your typical enone...but apparently not impossible. Might try from thiazolium salts but the deprotection with tin is not appealing. Might be nice with alpha Cyano amine
Maybe the effects on the lungs aren't caused by liver metabolism but the effects on the heart may pass through the liver. I'm not sure what the mechanism of toxicity of nicotine is, but I do think it is likely the pharmacologically active species. 
One of the biggest uses of the Ames test is that it looks at metabolites of the compounds not only the the parent species. I believe they treat the material with liver enzymes and then see what the resulting products do. Often it is the metabolites that cause the major problems 
Do PAHs cause oxidative damage? I thought the real harm was in intercalation of DNA 
I don't think I would try to have any control on a short path 
Well they cancelled the Nexus line because no one was buying g them :(
It's much tastier than a bloody Mary 
This is a good one to remember. Can go make a tank so good that he cannot defeat it? Turns out yes in a way
Wut?
Ooooooooo Sunday night 
I love tnf though! 
I can't stop laughing at frozen bags of shit
Do you remember they used to make announcements at PWM referring to part of the airport as " the new part of the airport"
Thewhitestskidsuknow.vimeo 
Just dont kill hangouts
matt cassel
It actually looks exactly like ketracel-white and its delivery to the jem'hadar. I guess Zuckerberg is the founders?
Wow 100 inches man
is that what happens when you jack it too much
your bortles are rustled

well, they killed nexus because it wasnt performing, so it's good to use a phone that will have continuous updates and support
In the fan lit Slytherin is redeemed but it kind of destroys the dynamic of the story
I think they will wait until the legal battles are a little more settled
About three fiddy 
merakrable
uh isnt the average score 33-17 pats-bills
the 3ening
Mr B, this is Roger Goodell of the national football league. We received an, uh, an informal complaint that a member of your team - a Legarrette Blount? - drew a firearm during league play. If this is true, of course, it contravenes a number of the league's by-laws and also article 27...
How do I get this to work on Android?
man i miss that so much. i still enjoy hangouts but that feature was excellent
all you students are bitch!
Didn't you guys also have a decent showing last week one before shitting the bed on the season?
What kind of bird law jurisdiction do you have going on here?
"I wish I was taller"
Finkle is einhorn!
ITS JAPPENINH
I think the spark fear is more concerned with hydrogen gas fire danger rather than electrocuting yourself 
Putting in pitons with my teeth 
Just find some on Craigslist
Shit was masterful 
PMd you
Cool sub!
Love rapping!
Hundreds of miles, more like that shit had to go to space and back
I read a little bit for a lit course and then bailed
ASS TO ASS
shiiiiiit
but what about that ugly garage?
but what stuff?

not yet!
Effing love destroyer
In BC we had tons of drowzeeb but I saw zero evees 
I was upside down in a whitewater kayak and got really disoriented. I kept trying to flip but I couldn't and so I started to panic. My lungs were bursting so I took a deep breath of water. I actually remember it feeling painless at the moment, but the act of breathing water was so shocking. Somehow this actually called me down and I had enough presence of mind to pull the skirt and swim. Chest burned for hours after.
Tl dr: oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck am I going to die!?
Oh man I could not stop laughing
Oh he mentioned the bisque 
Cool I've done done if those unnamed stuff while waiting for rocky 
Is that the crash just left of rocky horror?
When I drove from BC to NY two weeks ago it was pretty consistent for me with the welcome signs
Tywin...sort of
Yeah and that couple coming across on a boat to sneak into America to see house from Cuba(?) Also that episode with the dude from the cia was in DC 
it's cuz he's a jedi right
The series is so damn good
Isn't he a locker room nightmare
I quite like buying the peeled cloves
Ahem windows 10 updates
It's illegal in Canada
Ferengi styles
Anything by Borges
O nvm 
They probably want a bank check it money order for that much
I don't care for meat in lasagne. I like meatballs on the side
Bagel cream cheese and halved cherry tomatoes
The hood would be there to keep things safe when chemistry goes south, there are spills or some kind of gas leak: all things that are not planned to occur. I think doing reactions outside of the hood is sketchy even in closed systems, however I sometimes do workups outside of the hood depending on the solvents, etc.
Around the NFL is just dudes talking sometimes about football
I will!
The detectorists is fantastic. Nostalgia plus great acting.
I kind of like Michael Smith at home. His dishes aren't often the best or really optimized, but they always serve as a starting point for something greater that I make my own. I like how he gives me ideas for combinations flavors. His soothing tones and demeanor boring but perfect for a hangover. Plus he cooks a lot of vegetarian. Edit: I almost forgot my absolute favorite! Laura Calder French food at home. I have a massive crush on her.
Shoshone falls and dierkes lake in twin falls is pretty cool I just did that same drive. Cool bouldering at dierkes 
All the Mec bags do
Lol
My clone worries about the ethics of cloning slavery for me 
I've always wanted a decent business card scanner and I could search later
I do one 60 w
In our time
The networks don't seem to care very much about ds9...
Ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh making the courting call of Tina Belcher 
Yeah there is also a week trial period but I think it's worth the 5$ if you can binge through the 12 or so episodes in a month which it sounds like you can. Then just cancel. So much fun listening if you are a fan. 
Tks 
And hardcore history game of thrones
Quick question does the video spoil the chapters from the next book?
Or a hair on the back of your throat like that curb episode
I think there is a specific spoilers label that excludes the chapters but no one ever uses them. Otherwise I could never look at anything in this sub 
Interesting theory, and you are alluding to the base metals like sodium etc in common bases of chemistry in former times?
Skip catelyn chapters. They were the worst on reread 
I think it will be a nearly exact replica of the time when Jaime killed the mad king to deliver the throne to the rebels via Ned stark. He will deliver the realm to her by killing cersei and she will be somewhat required to keep him around. She or her representative (a la Ned) will come into the throne room with him on the iron throne and he will be sitting there legs up and he will yield the seat to her. He may figuratively vanish into the mist thereafter because he has done this shit too many times and does not want to babysit another monarch who may eventually go crazy again. Thus he may decline her offer of some position in her court. I think she will appreciate and respect that Jaime did what he had to do when he ousted her crazy father because he deserved it.
I started reading them around 2003 and the fan community was so much more interesting back then. The theories being developed were so much more detailed then since they could use very small textual clues like eye color etc. Currently the community is too wrapped up in comparing the show and the books and such and the discourse has really plummeted IMO. Otherwise I thought grrm was relatively well known among fantasy readers
Arya wearing Jaime's face?
Fuuookkk trying to avoid these. People tend not to specify that the early release chapters are spoiled or not in their post 
One more reason to never trust being belayed by grigris. I don't even like using them 
ITT: dudes on cell phones looking at dudes on cell phones 
I would agree with that. That and my PC crashed in the middle of the forced update and I lost all my chemistry and windows office  software I got back free as a student but cannot get again. The worst
That and most if guys audience are cord cutters
A very secret service should be your next comedy
Reddit, man
I had Chinese style frog legs once. Delicious
Oo interesting 
Un, tss 
Bridge!
It was kind of awful to watch
I preferred season 2
No sorry do you?
Hey it's me ur cuzin 
No he just  learned the future on that TNG episode 
Oh shiiiiiiit 
first thing i thought of! for shame?
I'm completed addicted to around the NFL. So much fun 
http://arrestedwesteros.com/
I keep mine on a large locker because I found it on a route and I wasn't going to use it in my rack, so it's perfect for holding keys. I find it can fit in the flat of my back pocket with the keys hanging out, otherwise I put it in my man purse 
My Vaio is a total POS
I don't know how you make it interesting. Dragons are so invincible
Also so different from the last time he received the hand sigil, back when it was more of an albatross around your neck.
No mention of husband either lol 
A good Cassandra moment
Omg I'm dying 
He thought he was "the least arrogant of anyone"
What about charging while listening to music? Seems like that would would be terrible
For a little bit there I thought it was a massive gay orgy
Frankenjon
I suspect Sansa did not trust Jon to use the vales army properly. The way she fought with Jon after the war council could be seen in hindsight her being torn between telling Jon about the army or not. Just a theory though
the headline could have been more clear
cool pic of mike mularkey
the working in shifts ref is from big lebowski
Radiolab,
Around the NFL,
Hardcore History Game of Thrones, 
This American Life,
Love+Radio
I got too excited for a second when I thought wolf 359 was about star trek...
get the power button replaced by a guy. i paid ~50 bucks (canada, i know) and now it's like new. just have to replace the button, but requires pretty fragile soldering iirc.
I'm also pretty sure gasoline would go bad in the show too. I think it has like a six month life span.
The NFL won't accept anything but a big sponsor I think. That or its all an act an Dick's is ACTUALLY sponsoring then
OK I used to work as an analytical chemist and I was surprised at your comment. Seems like lcms would be ideal for amino acids...never run them myself though
You can hack anything as long as you type fast enough though
Lol my coworker (Korean) thought it was legit 
See venture brothers show. Great henchmen comedy 
Wtbeep just use a reg usb to micro c jayyssuss 
Obviously you would also have a calibration curve. This wouldn't solve those problems? Run triple quad in MRM along with a some matrix spikes to compensate for ion suppression/other matrix effects 
Why isn't lc-ms good at amino acids?
Yeah they are the same
Isn't it the new micro USB type c?
could you give a semi-tech savvy person a little more info on how to do this?
Whew that's a rough comparison. What about sessler=Wesley?
Broccoli?
This was fun. Interesting that there are almost no parallels to TNG
This seems like quite a commitment to trolling
What is the reaction that converts propene into glucose?
Edit: nvm figured out what you were trying to say
White Meadows is a beautifully shot iranian film. The setting is the salt lake Urmia among the large salt encrusted islands. The shots of the black figures against the white salt is haunting. Also a very thought-provoking film.
So they first use KOH here to freebase, and is the second addition to prevent HCN formation or what?
[This](http://www.nrcresearchpress.com/doi/pdf/10.1139/v70-297) paper shows how glucose can be synthesized from an acrolein dimer, so at that point you would just have to figure out how to make acrolein from CO2. Acrolein could conceivably be constructed from some various C1 species (building blocks containing 1 carbon) which could be made from carbon dioxide. Working backwards, An aldol reaction between formaldehyde (synthesis [here](http://pubs.rsc.org/En/content/articlelanding/2015/gc/c5gc00599j#!divAbstract) but also likely could be made a few different ways from CO2) and acetaldehyde will get you acrolein. Now we just need acetaldehyde. If you hydrogenate CO2 to methanol ([example](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0021951713003278)), turn that methanol into methyl iodide (appel reaction), lithiate the methyl iodide to methyl lithium, hit CO2 with methyl lithium to make acetic acid and then reduce to acetaldehyde (for example, rosemund reaction). Now that I think about it more, acetaldehyde could also just be made by acyloin condensation of formaldehyde followed by samarium iodide deoxygenation of the resulting alpha-hydroxy-acetaldehyde into acetaldehyde, which could avoid having to to the full formal reduction of CO2 to methyl lithium. Point is there would be many approaches. that was fun!
have you tried reductive amination?
I don't think that company would be legit in immigration applications
her you go http://i.imgur.com/sy9lVl4.jpg?fb
Such is the world today. None of my co workers will microwave in microwave safe dishes for fear of chemicals, etc. Kills me.
Pretty pretty pretty pretty good
Check out the radiolab episode on blood
Do not donate blood, there is always way too much in the wave of terror attacks when the demand has not much changed and it may be thrown out. Try giving blood on a more consistent basis.
The beans are actually awesome with a breakfast like this
I'm guessing the real costs are the people needed to do the shopping
Yeah but I just used a mix of parmesan types that my deli sells. Probably mostly romano, but the same type was used each time 
Well 115k km is only ~71k miles. With the newer car you surely get better amenities but I'm not sure how you can compare reliability. My money for that is on miles (clearly)
Lol, that's the classic used car salesman bs 
5700 is way too much. I paid 6000 for an 06 Forester with 115k km on Craigslist. Not saying you should use Craigslist, but that is way too much for 200k miles 
...would not be cannibals in America III
...has no time for apple polishers
oo nice a little shot at slack
The Around the NFL Podcast...is the weakest link, goodbye.

so it seems like you can indeed have a franchise quarterback (Ryan, Flacco) who is valued less than JJ
Huh sounds like a software/phone problem rather that Bluetooth workings 
Ooo I'll have to check out her others! What other one was the best?
He needs to CHILLLL 
He recommends rothfuss though, which sucks in comparison to asoiaf and is also as different as Sanderson 
I read station eleven (SF) on recommendation from grrm and it was great
I don't think phenyl is bigger. In my chemistry right now I'm observing that 2,6-diisopropylphenyl is less sterically demanding than t-butyl. mesityl might be something to look at or menthyl.
Are you doing [this](https://deepblue.lib.umich.edu/bitstream/handle/2027.42/89847/zbuchan_1.pdf?sequence=1) type of chemistry? Looks pretty cool
ayy
This thread was weird
Lol moly cows/pigs is the term used because it comes from radioactive molybdenum which is created in a nuclear reactor. I meant it does not exist naturally on earth. The only traces of tc on earth come from meteorites 
Yeah there is a larger electron cloud arising from those methyls that repulses and is not present otherwise. This is one reason why pyridine is significantly nucleophilic though is a relatively poor base 
e != ~4.26082047636


sterics
most likely it meant basicity. A generic secondary amine is a better base due to inductive effects, but nucleophilicity is majorly affected by steric bulk, whereas basicity is mostly a thermodynamic effect
madden schooled him up
i was what i thought i am!
I think they mean you are less likely to be injured when you have more muscle mass on your frame, not necessarily on the arms. In that sense he still might be able to throw well enough but taking a hit requires more cushion from muscle/fat
captain insano shows no moicy
That seems like not such a bad plan. sodium bicarb leads to a lot of foaming, but you don't end up with a crazy basic solution if you overshoot. Make sure to be careful when you dissolve the sodium hydroxide as it will generate a lot of heat upon dissolution and a hot solution of sodium hydroxide can be pretty dangerous. A decent way to control all of this is to just add a bunch of ice directly to the water. Also make sure to keep agitating the solution to get a homogeneous solution over the course of the addition. Make sure to take safety precautions: wear safety glasses and rubber gloves and cotton clothes that cover your whole body including closed toed shoes. I might do it outside on the lawn or something, especially if you have to use bicarb and you might foam everywhere. I can't think of the best order of additions off the top of my head (base to acid or acid to base) but it helps to have the solution you are adding to be a fairly large volume, as all of the water acts as a heat sink. It would be a good idea to calculate your stoichiometry/moles of each to know if you will need additional acod or base to achieve a neutral solution.
Well either way it's not accurate for anything 
Not found on earth except meteorites 
Huh I wonder how this relates to the sports term to bring in a ringer
ITT: pats fans wanting to talk about all the busts that have become amazing for NE (myself thinking of dion lewis)
that's outrageous
I have a (~100$) wooden counter from Ikea at the entrance to our tiny kitchen which also doubles as a bar. Greatly improves it
I did something similar but I made it a bit of a slaw with sliced cabbage
Uh or people recently joined Reddit in the past year or so 
Also sans nom 
you can scan the barcodes on some of them
let's make reddit great again...one OP's brother's wife's titty at a time
Is it possible to use the product dissolved in DCM directly in the next step? Or you could change the solvent in order to accommodate for the next step.
Dr knobs to you
Grignard and cerium chloride (or some Lewis Acid, though cerium chloride is the classic) would likely lead to the ring opened ketone product which could then be subjected to conditions for reductive amination (sodium borohydride). The thing to look out for is double addition into the carbonyl by the grignard, but I think that might be limited by the intramolecular interaction between the resultant ketone and deprotonated amine. If double addition is a major problem you could ring open to the weinreb amide first and then do the grignard and reduction.
*edit: for the grignard addition you may need to protect alcohols (TBS, etc) and potentially hide your ester (ortho-ester or acetal)
He's great in hell on wheels 
The closing instrumentation of take a walk on the wild side 
Sadly true like that Connecticut guy
Read station eleven 
Get some really good drywall anchors 
4 pentabyte hdd perhaps less likely?
what about when martavis bryant is present?
Listen to the podcast radiolab titled memory. Not sure if they overstate the efficacy of the memory erasing drug but pretty darn interesting regardless.
Serenity NOWWWWWWW
/r/urlgore
I think they are designed to have very poor aerodynamics in order to increase nimbleness, but can still go really fast due to huge jet engines 
I think they just co-authored this kid to get into the news. it worked aparently
Guilin chili sauce is awesome 
Q&D I use frozen prathas as burrito/taco wrappers. So delicious 
What the beeeeep
The band
It would be nice if flight search engines (kayak etc) could tell you how much to expect to pay for checked bags
I have an ancient Brinkmann MGW Lauda K2-R which works quite well even though it is ancient. It has a bit of a hard time keeping up with the heat output of the 450W mercury lamp but for condensers it works great. I don't know about new ones.
The biggest problem with a government funded R&D structure is the haphazard and politically motivated way money is splashed around on different projects in the government. The recent ["cancer moonshot"](http://blogs.sciencemag.org/pipeline/archives/2016/01/15/moonshot-they-say) is a classic example of a big flashy politically motivated project that is doomed to fail. See [this](http://arstechnica.com/science/2016/01/dear-mr-president-please-stop-with-these-science-moonshots/) also. The government does not have the requisite patience for something like drug discovery. A good start could be a constant X% increase in NIH funding, but that is not sexy enough, and every time there is a new president the targets change hugely. While perhaps it may end up more fair in the end, a fully government funded medical R&D program will be completely inept.
Well I have only been shopping for climbing gear at REI two times but both time the selection was terrible and the prices were really high. The REI prices were about the same in USD as the CAD price was...which is absurd. The selection was crap and there was no help to either. Not sure why I got downvoted to hell? Now MEC is becoming way more lifestyle oriented, and while their selection of climbing/mountaineering stuff is still decent, I fear that it will begin to shrink as they sell more Nikes etc..
REI sucks so hard compared to MEC, but MEC is going down now too...
In Canada I think keener is the word 
Samesies
/that's/ racist 
and so the good ship mettenberger has found its mooring
What about fucking 100 live duck sized horses?
The mediocity is apparently catching, ie Suh
http://imgur.com/CIr7TvC
The book is fantastic
I envy you
is there a big advantage to firing the phoenix missile from the air rather than just firing off of the ship?
But if you never lower on it, the gear lasts even longer. Some routes get heavy use and I could see getting ~500 uses per year. I do not think it over-protective at all.
you should try to avoid lowering on rap rings
While i completely agree with what you said, it also shows how when you remove so much regulation and red tape/corruption from a business you can end up with a way more consumer friendly and efficient service.
Love car rides with my so 
are you sure it's toluene and not moisture? Otherwise, it could just be a mixture of product and impurities that will never resolve themselves unless you use chromatography. Also try just stirring vigorously with pentane or ether overnight
Interesting I have not heard this referred to as trituration, but it works on the same principle. this site seems to put all types of htis under the same category http://www.commonorganicchemistry.com/Sidebar/Trituration.htm
it's pretty much just washing a solid. Add solvent to solid, mix slightly, and then remove with a pipette. Ideally the solid is stuck to the glass and you can kind of decant it. That's how I do it, but it's a pretty crude procedure. A few labs ago had a centrifuge in lab which was awesome for trituration. After mixing, just centrifuge down to a nice solid mass and pipette/decant off the top.
I'm moving to Princeton but plan on being in the gunks a fair amount 
What about service in the mountains? I'm moving to the US from Canada and thinking of trying Fi. In Canada I switched around a few times and found a network that has decent service in the mountains (we climb/hike/backcountry a lot). Currently I have a T-mobile account for when I visit the US but man their service sucks hard. Does Fi have better service outside of city centers as well as in?
definitely a good idea. glassblower can fix them easily, just make sure you have the slightly thicker nmr tube for the repair
Nice! Rick is a really helpful guy, so he might be able to make some arrangements
I've heard they are great. no direct experience with them myself, though
rather than their typical receiving corpse
in canada we have the meat weighed in kilograms but the price/weight in dollars/pound :(
That sounds really sketchy.
ooo reading this now
I used to think Wess was my favorite because of his high football IQ and penchant to tell it how it is, but after so many shows without Dan as the host this offseason I have realized he is the most essential piece. I think without him the gang is not as committed to the show, while he truly takes it to heart.
That's what he said
and then retiring immediately
how many opposites can there be? I live in Canada
> from the bush in your yard


Do 06 foresters have any major problems like the head gasket?
As I think about it more, that but might not work. Controlling the stereochemistry of that step would be difficult
Cerium chloride in a small attempt to chelate and direct stereochemistry 
Key step something like this? http://imgur.com/bpbhwIa
my zune was fantastic until i lost it
it's like that time stafford(?) threw an interception and was also penalized for intentional grounding
what about...us?
Also white
La reveal magnifico
I thought way of kings was significantly better
What about a kind of tiered draft order? The worst six teams get in a lottery for 1-6 and so on. My guess on the chances of a straight lottery are quite low.
I hope you made all of that up
Hell is other people 
You should cite that Canadian assertion
Biiiiitch!
My TT builds up quite a bit of static. Does that affect performance/longevity of any parts or vinyl?
Could be your RCA connections? I extended mine and it caused a buzz. I had to geographically reorient my whole system so I didn't have to extend the turntable RCAs and that fixed it. Maybe one of the RCA connections is no good, try flipping them to test?
I have a onkyo cp 1020f and I am happy
Why won't my discog app work? I add albums to my collection but they don't show up even after syncing
I think it would take a huge government push. Battery technology is evolving so rapidly it might not happen until a standard of some kind is settled on. I could see California song something like it.
What I meant was more the time necessary to recharge the battery. A battery swapping infrastructure might work.
The big difference is not necessarily the range (which is getting up there for electric vehicles) but rather refilling the car on the go.
Thanks curdled but I'm looking for info on silicon tetrachloride not carbon tet 
That sounds awful. As a scientist I would hate living surrounded by only other scientists.
How did this dog operate the phone to take a selfie? 

How far the world has come since the 90s
First thing I thought of was King of 7-9 Jeff Fischer. I think Garret has done really well considering he had to deal with Jerry Jones 
Mr. Lonelihearts, right? his acting was out of this world. Such a bizarre pick for lead in a show specifically designed for an actor with range
I don't think he ever practiced the play but it was some other guy and that's why he screwed up
The show was good but the main character's acting was atrocious 
Les cousins dangereux?
So the gameplay is still good even on a phone?
Go to squamish for a day
Which I think will play right into dalton sucking again this year
I also feel like dalton with revert this year...I kind of hope he does just to cement his place as the great mediocre qb of all time
This QB better find I-90 quickly or he'll be circling the greater cleveland area all night
Mirror is sucj
Phrasing?
Thanks! Oh my god is that expensive though, it would be the most expensive component in my setup! Any advice for a more economical  remote?
I want to remote control the receiver with a remote control... Is this possible?
My yamaha rx-396 receiver has these remote control plugs http://imgur.com/zfVj7Hi What works with them? Where can I buy a remote control for it?
Canada has similar problems. Price per pound of meat advertised in per pound, mass of package listed in kg, etc
Bbc dealt with Jeremy Clarkson for a good while. I imagine they have some bravery
I would recommend requesting an informational interview
Loved the your are the GM seg. Get a drop for it!
Love the inquiries with siciliano 
Might be going to school in NJ in the fall. Will all the fans hate me there? I meet a guy from Philly. He was pretty rude about me being a pats fan 
I loved the cual es tu fantasia which had the elves taking parts of flesh out of their bodies in exchange for other gifts
Love it
Gotta be April fools 

Cost of living is relatively easy to figure out, and Vancouver has one of the highest in the world
Swiss cheese is awesome. Plus on a toasted English muffin
i got oregon trail flashbacks there
I could see raiders, they have some buzz
haha well i hope you got it! or perhaps flair is like points on whose line is it anyway?
It's like flair in office space...
I think you are probably right
Pyridine is an excellent nucleophile but a poor base
Be careful nucleophilicity =\= basicity
Hm yeah I was thinking that I might have to do that
Thanks! Decent quality m/f cables are tough to find
Another question: will it likely be good to get male/male cables with an f/f adapter or is it worth it to find a long enough m/f cable?
I recently purchased a 25ft RCA extender for my turntable on Amazon but they are shit and give buzzing. Where can I buy a quality RCA extender ideally over 15ft? Also hopefully in Canada or ships to Canada. Or will this likely never work? Are these any good [infinite cables](http://www.infinitecables.com/audio-and-pro-audio-cables/rca-audio-cables/dual-rca-cables/dual-rca-male-to-female-cables/15ft-premium-phantom-cables-dual-channel-rca-male-to-female-audio-cable/) ? I have the ground extended, too.
I recently purchased a 25ft RCA extender for my turntable on Amazon but they are shit and give buzzing. Where can I buy a quality RCA extender ideally over 15ft? Also hopefully in Canada or ships to Canada. Or will this likely never work? I have the ground extended, too.
I read a Proust screenplay once. I think they are closer thematically than stylistically, but that is after a very limited Proust experience. Knausgaard is very stream of conscious with dreamy transitions between sequences. I like how the plot also drives you to read more, not simply a hunger for more writing. 
I'm really enjoying part one of my struggle by knausgaard. I was a little daunted at the thought of starting this novel, but the writing is so beautiful it is really engrossing and pleasant to read. It helped to tell myself I would just read part one unless I loved it. A little over half way through.
Surprised podcast addict is not on here. It's fantastic
Steam/boil until just right. Toss with salt olive oil and vinegar. Cool in fridge. A great salad
that is a crapload of oleum
What about Chuck testa? 
Very symmetrical game
I get the low sodium one and then add salt to taste
Sports podcasts is the solution. I haven't watched SC in years 
Better than bullion is great... Not sure if it's in the UK 
photochemical isomerization of an alkene. woohoo mercury lamps, but the UV is a bit scary
ok, thanks. I'm mostly concerned with the alkoxy. I took your course last year!
I talked to a guy on the plane a few days ago who had no idea about anything about the Iran-USA deal
Thanks I got it
Tks
Like a tapedeck?
so say you have two radio buttons for an option on say an online survey (yes or no or something like that, usually little circles that fill in when you choose them), if you choose one you cannot choose another by design. This is like two radios talking to each other, when you have the transmit button pressed, the other side cannot also transmit to you, thus "radio button". Contrast this to check-boxes where you can choose several at once. I just realized this, not sure if it's the real reason but it blew my mind.
Omg I just figured out why they are called radio buttons 
We have a sonicator for jewelry cleaning (sharpertek digital XP pro, sketchy brand I know) which I'm pretty sure was dirt cheap and we might have gotten used but it works great
Can you just seal them with some other stopper type and just use the dropper when you want to use it?
Why don't you just use some kind of large refillable vessel of water? I'm not sure where I come down on this issue, but surely there is a better way for you.  Also, I'm not convinced recycling is the long run solution.
I'm doing the same thing on my side, so I think I would probably be playing with my phone on my downstairs neighbor's couch
Now you think they need separate schools!?
3d printed Doritos 
I even work at a tech company, but having visited real tech communities in the US, Vancouver is a complete joke. IMO that is why vancouver is so hard to live in. SF is way more expensive, but it has the jobs to support people living there. If vancouver had a real job market for professionals then the cost of living would be fine
What tech sector?
that's why theyre called wide receivers now
Fitz had already failed the Texans. RG3 had looked terrible since surgery, but I would agree he would be in the mix.
Black lentils cooked in stock are tops. Then fry shallots and mushrooms and add to the lentils to finish. Put on top of rice 
Boil the broccoli in salted water. Filter and dress with olive oil and vinegar. Cool it until fridge temp. Eat all of it, so damn good.
well, there were just no other options, regardless of all the downside on brock
how do they find this out?
or perhaps more accurately the chip kelly experience?
ITT: http://57.media.tumblr.com/ab0340333d82a0cce5d68bf7fbf0970e/tumblr_mjth7m9nI91qha6vko1_500.gif
ITT: http://57.media.tumblr.com/ab0340333d82a0cce5d68bf7fbf0970e/tumblr_mjth7m9nI91qha6vko1_500.gif
I heard it vaguely on the ATN podcast
I'm not sure if it was the raging adrenaline or not, but the breath of water was not that bad, and I remember no pain or anything. Afterwards was terrible though and my throat and chest burned for a long time.
I was disoriented in a flipped over white water kayak. I couldn't tell which way was up. After struggling for a while I took a deep breath of water.  Eventually I was able to settle myself, rip the cord and swim out.
The best designs in catalysis come not from the computation chemistry, but from human imagination. I highly highly doubt a computer will ever be solving these problems. It just requires far too much creativity. Frankly I'm shocked how uninformed this comment sounds.
How certain are you that the impurity is moisture? If it is indeed water, lyopholizing it will solve your problem. Your bioservices should have this if your lab does not, or perhaps some chem/bio group. It is specific for removing moisture and you typically end up with a fluffy product. If that does not work it is likely oiling out due to impurities other than water and requires columning or recrystallization. When I was working with phosphonium salts I could get them from oil to powder form by stirring vigorously in ether overnight, so that may be something to try as well. I hate azeotroping not only because it is tedious, but also all the heat required to remove toluene or other solvents typically end up degrading my product further.
Buy peeled garlic. It's great
yeah, i think because she was more of a main character than kes and should thus be a better actor. i didn't really mind jake's acting that much. it's been too long to even remember ezri
Huh I find Dax's acting to be the flattest most boring of all the ST actors. I get that she is attractive, but beyond that I feel no emotion or excitement from her portrayal.
I was disappointed by the stand after reading tdt. It's a bit cliched post apocalypse novelish I think 
I only read 4 WoT books, but I thought dark tower was significantly better. Totally different class of writer
That's just like, your opinion, man
I'm really hoping it's good. Two good car shows to watch!
minny the moocher?
I don't. You did what you did, you can't get out of that.
Not looking great
How did he run like that in wet jeans!? Worst clothing choice
I thought cyd was way stronger than alecia, the way she read that tribal and played everything perfectly
B-b-but the puppy found industry
http://imgur.com/FL3LSAs
CaH2?
the problem comes when the ball was not catchable
HA PI's know nothing
I think it is free
C&EN is actually a great publication in my opinion. Also, do you not get the scifinder access with an undergrad membership?
but van der waals equation would be more accurate regardless
Brain tumor :(
or is this just fantasy?
way too warm for sensitive molecules. If I really have to use it I do a crapload of aqueous extraction. not fun. We can get away with MeCN lots of times
I have read this in literature. You have found it to be successful in your hands?
More important than your alkyne is your time wasted on improperly prepared solvents. Borrow some CaH2, every lab ought to have it.
Interesting that you can treat it with benzoyl chloride. TEA is known to react with BzCl to form the diethylamide and tetraethylammonium chloride
just try working it up on scale
What are the favorable properties of ethyl formate?
hate water. has destroyed so much of my chemistry
So our wheat prices can be as high as our dairy prices? No thanks.
Also, DW from Arthur
Here is a start: http://link.springer.com/article/10.1007%2FBF03161952

That paper is a bit older, but i know that scientists still use ESEEM to interrogate the mechanism of photosynthesis.
Thomas covenant the unbeliever. Donaldson is a masterful writer.
whenever my phone is in my shirt pocket it drops out when i bend over
i really like my nexus 5 case (the official one)
do you look like a middle-manager?
The dairy queen around the corner from my house. They have this loyalty program called belly and I used to go all the time because every three visits you could get a free ice cream. You have to tap in at the ipad at the front, but there are no instructions anywhere and the staff have no idea what they are ding. One day i go in and there is a pretty big line. I go over to the ipad and redeem my visits for a free ice cream. I then wait in line and when I tell them I have the free ice cream they say I needed to do it in front of them. Well we got into a bit of an argument and I don't get any ice cream, and so I called the manager the next day. He said they did everything right. Because I'm petty, I've never been back. At the least the guy should have given me a 2$ ice cream for free with the caveat that the ipad needed to be checked in front of them. Either way, I have not been back to that dairy queen for two years, but boy on a hot day I would love some dairy queen. I still go to any other location.
that's bizarre
that's what i thought too
OK I will definitely try this! I just want a very easy, set and forget while I cook everything else. I assume you just leave it on the warm burner as it cools?
Interesting, how long does this take? Seems like it would take a while with no additional heat
I do not stir the rice
hm this is something I have not tried
so is it worth it? I have tried it once and it didn't really change my results
Who is your daddy and what does he do!?
With 1 trillion you could buy the top 4 companies, so no you could not (http://www.statista.com/statistics/272716/global-top-biotech-and-pharmaceutical-companies-based-on-market-value/). Even if a government could probably buy out ~90% of all of the big pharmaceutical companies it would be a total disaster. Looking at megamerger companies like pfizer and you see that they are not innovative. You cannot stick two companies together that get ~5 drugs approved every year and expect that megacompany to then make 10 drugs the next year. Furthermore, you add that this monopoly is owned and run by the government and the productivity would crash even further than your typical megamerger company. Then there is the issue that now this huge government organization is run at the whim of the government and all of the politics that come therein and then the whole machinery would be brought to a standstill. No Alzheimer's cure for anyone.
It costs 5-10b just to develop a single approved drug...so that trillion dollar wealth fund is not going far
well someone has to pay the billions of dollars to develop that drug
After reading the first page of this paper, I'm guessing you are going to have a lot of trouble trying to do that. http://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/ja962994s?journalCode=jacsat

here is a review: http://www.scripps.edu/carroll/papers/gupta_bbags.pdf 
it looks like you ca transiently generate it through elimination of beta-thioether carbonyl compounds.
You need to talk to a colleague about learning schlenk technique
I would just dissolve it, dilute it quantitatively, and then try to see how HPLC-MS looks. Positive or negative ESI would work, but in my experience positive is a better ionization. Hopefully you have a standard material and you can make a calibration curve. There may be some matrix effects on the ionization, that is, the other stuff in the supplement could impact how well the phosphocreatine ionizes, and in that case you might need to run an SPE cleanup step. A quick google search I found this HPLC paper: http://www.scirp.org/journal/PaperInformation.aspx?PaperID=37291
On a quick google search the easiest way may be by 31P NMR, but HPLC is significanltly more quantitative: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/1731953
can you recommend one?
oOoOo cadencegate
stealing this
i thought that it meant to wash the glass in subsequent steps with each solution? maybe i misinterpreted
Interesting I will think of that in the future
I am in process chem and I am interested to see if the chemistry works in a solvent quality that is more likely to be seen on large scale.
I use the heel of a previous grignard to activate the magnesium and it works well. I believe it mostly works because it consumes any adventitious moisture. Before that I would just add a small amount of the alkyl bromide (a liquid) to the magnesium grit and that worked ~70% of the time.
ha! yes! It took me a long time to figure out to use the magnesium grit instead of turnings. Still figuring out little wrinkles of the reaction, though.
I am a little concerned about the Mg activation of the alkyl bromide, it can be capricious. I'll go for the inhibitor free i think.
Yeah I'm mostly into sport and trad. Thanks!
Tom Brady with cable 
Seeing as I live like 3000 miles from my team I don't foresee that as a problem
i she wore the borg suit on the sidelines..hngg
damnnn
Could they get away with offering him fewer years, or could someone snap him up from you guys?
So the big question I guess, is whether to keep an amazing pass-rusher or an average QB. I think with the various QB fiascos around the league I would stick with Brock
mostly local teams only, tho. also gets expensive af over a season
Always have a cooling bath in place while doing it as well. Usually when i'm killing a thf stillpot I just use a cold water bath, but with LAH I would use and ice bath
If you've never actually seen a C-H bond how do you know it exists?
can you upload straight from the photos app if you don't have the fb app installed?
this is my concern. i upload a lot of photos to facebook from my phone.
I guess he can probably read the defense better than they can read him, though maybe the way he goes is by design rather than a read?
I still don't know how other teams can't stop it even when it's clearly expected
 #shaqproblems
who is that later power ranger who may have murdered someone?
hey man, w're talking about rules? fuck the rules rules rules
Maybe you could make the carbamate instead of amide? Then there are lots of different Boc deprotection strategies that might work. This one http://www.organic-chemistry.org/abstracts/literature/783.shtm for one.
You seem to be using pretty bizarre TLC solutions. I would stick to the basics: Pet. Ether/EtOAc (or Hexanes/EtOAc, same same mostly), DCM/MeOH, and EtOAc/MeOH. Try not to go more than 10-15% MeOH. I have experimented outside of these solvents in the past but they typically do not result in as tight of spots by TLC.
Agreed, have someone in industry read over your cover letter/resume/research brief
I moved out here ten years ago from NE, I never meet real pats fans. Seahawks  fans are the worst up here though.
Yeah it's worked out well
I've seen it on applications, but I leave it blank. I think it's in there because it's such a generic application form.
Huh we dont have this problem either yet
no they are shot after exiting the medical clinic thing
i think there might be a little more in a trade considering the dearth of QBs in the league
the whole browns office is a huge disaster though, with sashi brown in charge of personnel and depodesta in there, you already have two major guys who are not even football people, and that undercuts ray farmer as the gm. slapping a decent coach on top of that snarglefart will not a rose make. I predict that the browns will be in even worse shape next year.
he is cursed to end up on the browns
YOU'RE A MAN 'ARRY
Hm maybe i will
I just like how incandescent lights have a softer more aesthetically pleasing light. I am not switching to fluorescent or led because they make my house look like a hospital institution.
If you have a centrifuge they are great for isolating fine powders, especially when paired with a hand mixer. Just centrifuge the powder down, decant off the liquid, add your rinsing solvent, shake it up, and then re-centrifuge. rinse+repeat however much you want. Make sure to have the centrifuge balanced with dummy vials or it will explode at speed.
acetone? Typically -70 to -80 doesn't really make a difference in my experience
search "which region netflix" and this is the first thing that shows up...I have no idea how you could not find this
I use adfreetime and it works great for accessing other countries netflix
Not particularly useful here, but I prefer the white ones without the scuba seal.
An interesting stat for QB's would be their percentage share of all the passing YDs/TDs/Rec/etc in the entire league of that season. Perhaps that statistic could be compared over time?
Will I need to pay for it?
Thanks
ozonolysis of vitamin D2 derivative
are person bros actually people?
KOH. 25g KOH into IPA and then added 100 mL H2O. The KOH dissolved successfully, thanks for the note on the water ratio. I had to add ~300 mL more water for it to go
Overweight and depressed? /s
Lithiate the alkyl chloride and then react with electrophilic fluorine source like 4-iodotoluene difluoride or something similar. I doubt the disulfide would survive, but if you are looking for different ideas there is one.
Actually, it depends on the fact that I know what it is like in America. ICBC is ridiculous in comparison.
you're joking about ICBC being good, right?
You should probably add at -80 and then slowly allow the reaction to warm to 0 or RT 
oh my god you used HF outside of a fume hood!?!? that's some dangersous shit man
man i know that feel. sometimes they have the worst preps in there. do you not cool your llithiation reaction?
I think probably the least appreciated NFL position (until the screw up) is the clock guy
or return a punt to win the game? or a good return for good field position? or punt the ball and land it on the 1 yard line? all kinds of major things ST can do
I saw in r/patriots that it was a limited practice for gronk, but i'm just propagating the rumour
one example of cross-coupling with aryl nitro species
http://pubs.rsc.org/en/content/articlelanding/2015/nj/c4nj01293c/unauth#!divAbstract
something like an acetal? 2-dihydroxyethane would over a (short) period of time convert to acetone, which would have a stronger C-O bond
I'm not sure charcoal would capture chlorine
The line is pretty fine, and in fact I would have to say there is a lot of overlap. So many deaths are caused by heat attacks, recent findings that eating red meat causes cancer, etc. are reasons the FDA could cite for regulating the sale of unhealthy foods. There definitely needs to be some political oversight of the FDA.
But should the FDA outlaw food that is unhealthy and causes heart problems like fried food?
can you explain this stabilization?
Yes, there was a radiolab about how it has been successful in Brazil
Interesting, TIL. Is the tris acetoxy borohydride more reactive then?
It might be that the massive steric bulk of the polymer prevent the molecule from binding in the active pocket(?) to taste sensing proteins
Borohydride reductions are almost always done with MeOH, I believe it's a solubility thing. Typically it requires excess reagent
That gets a little more complicated. What about fatty and salty foods? Should the FDA regulate that? There needs to be some control over what the FDA does.
I don't think the browns have much of a choice
Thanks for the details! I will have to try some raman in the future. I'm not sure where it is available for use, but I will look into it.
The crystal is pretty robust, I'm not very careful with it, and you can wash it easily with any solvent your stuff is soluble in, no extra special cleaning required.
To be honest, I'm not sure about the head-to-head comparison between the spectra, but I think they come out pretty close. ATR is commonly cited in literature for characterization. I can see how Raman is superior, but it seems like SERS requires a lot more work(?) having to put your stuff on nanoparticles. Do you just buy nanoparticles, or do you have to make them? How expensive are they, and are they one-time use? Additionally, one major advantage of IR that will take a very long time for Raman to catch up, is the vast quantity of molecules that have been IR characterized, so it is easy to look up even complex molecules synthesized decades ago. For that reason I'm not sure Raman would ever displace IR in synthetic chemistry, especially since so few people even bother with IR anymore. I just get it last minute because JOC/OL require it.
oh, hello
you gotta TLC and column that...way too impure to be even looking at it by NMR yet
great post, but most modern IR use ATR, so making a KBr pellet or Nujol mull is no longer required. They are really easy to run.
I have 1 kg of pickled jalapeños
Something like http://imgur.com/pOSW4eD . It can also be monitored simply by the difference in wavelength absorbance between sm and PDT.
I was pretty surprised when he screwed up on the "excessive timeout" rule with the clock control
eh, C+
what about very large values of 0?
One +A+ for me pls
yeah the room where we would fill used to just look like this
very interesting, i discovered some interesting SOCl2 chemistry in previous work, I will check out these papers!
edit: that cram paper exploded my brain. such a complicated mechanism! I was amazed to find that the (f) mechanism was the most common one, but this must be fairly specific to homobenzyl alcohols reacting with thionyl chloride. I assume a simpler substrate will have a much different mechanism.
stupid question(?) back tou you: wtf is osmolarilty, it seems made-up
ah the old dick-lobster shuffle. a favorite with the ladies?
why is that his nick?
Pic?
gives me a black strip in the top. not sure to to solve it
The point of academic labs if not to sell their material they have made, that doesn't get them closer to that big grant or publication where the real money is.
Thank you!
Thank you for answering! I'm mostly concerned about my product being trapped in the resin, it is a poly hydroxylated steroid
sarcasm?
Im not so sure you have Christians figured out
Stir in etoac over mag sulfate. Forms imines like a dream, use 1:1 equivs.
Sounds like democracy in action right there
Maybe dean-stark it? 
trollz
Being able to perform it is incredible though, and really sets good teams apart
you got a dude, playin a dude, who thinks he's a dude playing center so he just snaps it
could a center snap the ball directly sideways to a wide receiver?
Pocket cup 
I can't believe they are trying to do science in the imperial scale. Rankine?
you use a schlenk flask for that? i assume your sample is air sensitive?
It looks like he retires in 2015 
Recent submission in natural product synthesis and chemical biology by the Leighton group at Columbia. I find the combination of the two fields really fascinating, showcasing both the unusual synthetic strategy and protein binding hypothesis development. Anybody have suggestions for more work like this?
(http://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/jacs.5b09869)
Doors CBS all access carry some NFL? Then I'll do it. But not just for trek
what does making a bacterial stock mean? can they be revived after being at -80?
Twist cube is the mad real android and spiner is the no nonsense human female captain 
circ
But the Pats D continues to be highly aggressive even when up, like calling blitzes when you are up by 28
what about the sniff test?
you are right i think. euros are probably sick about the first talking point being about dives in soccer
he did the /r/youlikethatmath
GOLIATH ONLINE
mad props on the trollz
I think tailor is 2nd
Damn lol that's pretty good
he and odell are quite good...something something nationwide goddamnit
too lazy to check if this makes a haiku
he is vince lombardi's grandfather
in b4 nfl wrestlemania
to needy children in africa
yeah we all have our own issues, i live in bc and i love the night games! I would love if there was nfl every night of the week. i'm typically out hiking/skiing/climbing on the weekend
But fuck them 
Star trek IS better. Star wars is just action movies in space (good ones, anyway) whereas true sci-fi tries to use its future setting to philosophize on the human race.
You ever sucked dick for weed?
they do underwater stuff because of the lower apparent gravity I imagine?
send /u/citatser into space!
*phrase*
that sounds amazing
if the aldehyde is available I think reductive amination would be the preferred rxn
i second the reductive amination if the aldehyde is available. To avoid the over alkylation problem and you still want to use the alkyl halide, lithium amide addition to the alkyl bromide may work at lower temperatures. Think about this though: make the nitro with sodium nitrite and then reduce that to the amine.
I have only had house nitrogen once for 3 months in a 5 year research career. cylinders work fine
well two weeks ago my RB flask shattered when it dropped a cm, spilling nearly a gram of my advanced intermediate...13 steps :(
For good separation use closer to half the col, for bad sep use closer to 2/3, for excellent sep use a silica plug. Try to have your PDT rf be around 0.5-0.7 depending on separation (faster if separation is better). And, yes grams and cm.
same with the cbs sports app. it absolutely never works. what's the deal with apps that don't work?
well some of us are not blessed with the beard genes soooooorrrryyyyy *sobs*
Use a column based on this rule of thumb: the max mass a column can separate = col. diameter squared divided by ten. try to have a column big enough to handle the expected mass of pdt, but still be in the range. Then a good guess is to fill the column half to 2/3 full.
god /u/kkranberry why do you have to bring up personal stories to gain sympathy? should i also tell all my personal stories? i once had a splinter that hurt so much!
i think the receiving (WR+TEs) core right now is strong enough to do it without gronk, though he is amazing
i would love to see a fatty CB. just sit on the wr in the 5yd allowed contact area
for me it was too traumatizing missing so many phone calls to ever think about giving them a try again, even though they have likely improved
I had wind in vancouver. Did not get service in the buildings at home or work. never again.
also must not go inside biuldings
also the game was absolutely terrible. played so extremely terribly on each side
he got sucked in on the undercoat deal
can i just live the dream and stay asleep?
Even though the chirper still works in other situations? I'll think about it
I don't think it's the fob because all the buttons do what they are supposed to do, just the sound does not go 
Thanks I'll check out the battery. If the voltammeter reads OK is it likely not the battery?
The mighty boosh anyone?
It seems that you are combining magnesium and iodine and the reaction is accelerated in water. I believe the water is dissolving magnesium oxides on the surface, giving fresh highly reactive surfaces of mahnesium with which iodine can react
Thanks but I got it!
thanks i'll try them next. libgen did not have the paper, but maybe i am doing it wrong. will check it out
using the fluoro grease will prevent it from showing up in the 1H/13C NMRs
http://www.amazon.com/Grade-Sodium-Hydroxide-Micro-Beads/dp/B001EDBEZM

Though I might suggest not doing this project because it sounds quit dangerous if you are not an experienced chemist
I would add sat bicarb dropwise while stirring and cooling with ice. You can do NaOH if your product is very robust towards base and heat (because a lot of it will evolve) but in my nitrating reactions the reaction turns into a mess when quenched with solid naoh, even though the pdt was pretty stable.