...and they don't stop coming and they don't stop coming
In the shape of an L on its forehead.
It's kind of neat that this picture appeared right after this guy's new game was released on Android.
Idk, I think it's beautiful.
Stop liking retarded shit.
China? Yes. Russia? Not really.
It'll still cause the panel to turn yellow sooner and will reduce your battery life.
Honestly, Russia is mostly screwing itself.
No it's not. It's taking useful real estate out of your status bar. Surely the screen is a bit larger but status bar is less useful. And what do you need this 0.2 inches of screen space for, one line of text?
God of War is a true indie gem!
180 kmh on an empty highway is honestly not that dangerous. People often drive this fast in Europe, it's even legal in Germany. He wasn't DUI, not on the phone, he certainly didn't deserve his insurance to be more expensive than his car.
It's about fun and feel, not about speed.
But why would you want a more boring version of a fun car?
He was speeding, it's not the same as DUI or texting, not even close.
Yeah, but Far Cry 2 was a better God of War game!
It's absolute trash *with* Apple's contribution. Everything Google/Android manufacturers copy is pure bullshit, while Apple copies legitimately useful stuff.
It will 100% be announced at this E3 just like it was forever since they've introduced the first Horizon.
Damn, the music is stuck, where's my pencil
Yeah, that's why they've already banned millions of IP addresses that Telegrams has used and demanded that Apple and Google remove Telegram from their stores. Next you tell me that 9/11 was an inside job?
Durov will pay hundreds of thousands of dollars to anyone who breaks the encryption. Even Russian government banned it because they couldn't, and he wouldn't give them the keys.
Oh, so the CIA will be able to steal your secrets! Telegram also has end-to-end encryption and it was just banned in Russia for not giving away keys to regular chats.
E38 probably.
✓ full game, no dlcs

✓ sp campaign AND multiplayer

✓ trusted from 1885

✓ not from EA
Yeah, say that to Order 1886.
It's just a game with a popular title. Watch Dogs actually does a lot of things better than GTA.
Amount of work? It's super lazy recycled bullshit.

Not much income? They earned billions of dollars on GTA even without microtransactions, earn billions more with them and they belong to a huge publisher.

Bashing EA? Titanfall has *actually* free DLCs.

You're retarded, sorry to break it to you.
Yeeeeah, free.
Not in dirty places :(
iPhone X's swipe gestures are completely retarded because they're counter-intuitive and there's no way you'll figure them out without a tutorial. Also, they fix a thing that didn't require fixing. We already had great mobile UIs and there's no sense in replacing it with another, more complex one.
No, it should be investigated, of course, but it's stupid to think that Russia could influence US election with such ease. US is one weak-ass of a country then.
iOS looks and feels like shit and it's a pity Android is copying it.
I mean, halo is bullshit.
Oh yeah, a few accounts on Reddit can really influence the election!
He looks straight from Gothic 2.
But I don't want my car to drive itself!
And then no one will understand him.
It's just bullshit. America is participating to protect it's own interests. Everyone does.
Far Cry 5 is a good Fallout, just not a good Witcher 3 Fallout.
LPT: Breath to avoid dying.
You must be joking? Canada is one of the easiest Western countries to move to. It has become stricter recently but US is far ahead.
Yeah, except they flood your phone with all the unwanted media in the world and they've also decided to add stories to keep it basic.
We'll just call you a retard.
That's exactly what they're probably pointing out to.
Talk in person if you want to be 100% secure. If you don't, it doesn't matter.
Whatsapp collects your personal information, it's owned by Facebook. It's also just a shitty app.
Whatsapp is also a really shitty user experience.
Sharade to make people use it? Are you retarded, do even know his story?
It's bit a Surprise though, imagine what would happen then!
If it's only easier than impossible, it's not lenient. US is one of the most strict countries regarding immigration (which allow it, obviously).
Lenient? It's only more lenient than Middle East countries.
Hardcore old-school gamers play Angry Birds!
Just wait until they remove it in Android R and replace it with iOS gestures.
Swipe from left on iOS is terrible.
This was still different from iOS.
They've just noticed this new world obsession with AMOLED screens so they decided to adapt their OS.
Stupid Canadian politicians, it's a pity they don't have you there!
Greetings, time traveler!
EA is an okay company though, just not on this subreddit. Rockstar is much worse on microtransactions now and people still love them.
Do you realize that $80 million in Canada and the same money in Poland is not even comparable? Yes, Witcher 3 had a way higher budget.
We're more often outjerked:(
Forza has a serious shortage of convertibles.
Oh what a retarded argument. I don't have a lot of time to play. In games like Battlefield or Titanfall I can unlock basically everything by playing a few hours a month for a year and people hate EA for microtransactions. I'll also happily pay for a season pass because it gets me a lot of great new content. In GTA, same playtime gets me nothing. GTA is also a game about freedom and doing anything you want but I'm locked into grinding same boring missions over and over again if I want to get anywhere in GTA. That's why I quit playing years ago and think that Take-Two and Rockstar are among the worst companies in terms of microtransactions.
It's shit. Get it for single-player, it's still great.
DLCs are not really free, they're not even free-to-play. And obviously they've been supporting the game for years, adding all those same $100+ cars for people to buy. Dedication, seriously? The only thing they're dedicated to is milking it.
IV absolutely didn't feel like a proper GTA for me. V is better, but online ruined it. And now we can be sure that VI would be even less inspiring 
Of course they produce new content, because it earns them money. It's not like they do it out of charity.
They're pay-to-win. They exclude you from the content. Prices are laughably high.
With another left hand
It's not level 3. It's not "eyes off". According to SAE and virtually everyone else except retarded Tesla fanboys it's level 2. Even if it's better than other level 2 systems, it's still level 2.
Happily there's not much happening at 30k feet above the ground.
This isn't 90s at all. 90s was a pretty dull decade in terms of colors.
I think you don't really understand what term "psychological issues" means. Surely, German police is totally wrong about his background and you know for sure he's a neo-Nazi.
He's not a terrorist because there was no ideological motivation behind his attack. That's why psychological problems are mentioned.
If it's scary, then it works. It wasn't a terrorist attack though.
He's not implying anything, he's saying that it wasn't a terrorist attack.
It's not, it's what some random retards have decided. Every new Far Cry has been better than previous ones.
What's a person?
Besides investigation and re-training pilots, they had to update their software to never let it happen again, probably takes a lot of time.
The Bible doesn't mention her either, evil woman confirmed.
No other company has a retarded cult behind their tech.
They're filled with useless electronics and have impressive specs but are absolutely boring to drive.
BMWs actually have turn signals.
So you seriously think that NSA wants to see your stupid-ass face?
Your status bar is smaller though, so it can show you less notifications and it also can't be customized by apps if it's hidden like that. It gives you more screen-to-body, but a less usable status bar. It will also cause uneven degradation. It's a waste and it's stupid and it should go.
And I wish they don't, notifications on iOS are useless, while they're a big part of Android experience.
We don't really have optical zoom though
I mean, I get why anyone could get the X, but I don't get why that guy got it. He doesn't even really know what he bought. I'm glad that he's one of the people who keeps Xbox alive, but I just don't get it.
Why would you buy it in the first place?
Are you retarded?
And it's both beautiful and realistic.
First few questions are usually a joke, they're not supposed to test how smart you are.
It's not like you can't find kitchens in any town, but the answer wouldn't make sense. Obviously, you'd find kitchens *in the furniture store*.
You don't need to know, it's common sense.
Maintaining those servers isn't free. And they even throw in some included games for you each month to make it worth it.

Even when the publisher hosts the server, voice chat, party system and often matchmaking are still hosted by Microsoft/Sony.

And it doesn't affect you at all if you prefer to play single-player games.

And no, Microsoft servers are not known to have problems, they're pretty good actually. Even Sony got better with their servers recently.

Microtransactions are different. DLCs are fine to me, but charging absurd amounts of money for low-effort skins and especially pay-to-win systems (I'm looking at you, GTA) deserves the hate.
Replacing rear glass happens to be more expensive than front one so that's just shitty design for you.
Pro tip: iPhone X is bullshit.
It's the one we see on the large screen, probably.
What exactly would having Oreo change in how you're using your phone? You're paying $1000 for premium features, you're getting them.
And Apple's OS-breaking bugs in new untested updates. And slowing down devices. And loading them with so many features they couldn't handle anyway.
There's no content available in many countries, so no sense in subscribing.
What exactly is an upgrade, double camera on the plus, useless longer screen or uglier colors? Is it worth $800 to you?
It's not really an upgrade though.
It's just not.
Welcome to 2012!
In the modern meaning republic literally defines representative democracy.
A republic is democracy, moron.
[Yes,](https://www.britannica.com/topic/republic-government) [it](http://www.toupie.org/Dictionnaire/Republique.htm) [actually](https://www.duden.de/rechtschreibung/Republik) [has.](https://dic.academic.ru/dic.nsf/ushakov/1009430) The old, medieval [meaning](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/commonwealth) of republic is now in the word [commonwealth](https://www.britannica.com/topic/commonwealth-political-science).
Except you're a retard who didn't read what oligarchy actually is.
Your are now defining a representative democracy. Republic *is* a type of a democratic government.
The term shifted its meaning since Genoa times. Now republic *is* a type of a democratic government.
Honestly, America's biggest problem are retards like you.
Except it's actually a democracy.
I mean, you can very precisely control your shifting time with any dual-clutch gearbox. Manual is mostly just very nice to drive.
Honestly, why would you want to play Skyrim on a trip? Take a normal handheld with you, it would have smaller games to keep you occupied during flight/trains, but why would you want to play a 100000+ hour game instead of enjoying the trip?
I hope it's a joke.
That was a first friction match. Matches were invented earlier.
It *does* work like this. It's a non-issue for the most people in the world. People call kids monkeys, it's normal. Black kid, white kid, any kid, people don't care about races here. You do, however. You think that this is racist. So you already imply that the word has different meaning when applied to different races, this *is* racist. You're just fueling the stupidity.

Well Samsungs are also much more technically advanced, so no wonder they require more battery.
If it looks racist to you, you're being racist.
You're retarded, and I mean it in the most offensive way possible.
/r/Android is retarded anyway.
It's for the looks.
It's kind of the same on LM/TA/GT versions, so it makes sense if the owner was after that look.
4WD and AWD are different names for the same thing.
It's just not true. RWD is better on the track in almost every situation. FWD is just cheap and safe.
✓ safety car

✓ pits

✓ legal
You're a joke man, at least run a quick search or something.
A republic *is* a democracy, you moron. North Korea calls itself a republic.
Shook off too much sand in the end, Mercedes 2018 WCC confirmed.
USA didn't keep anything, Japan itself decided to expand South, not North.

Also, Russians had the Trans-Siberian railway at the time, they could at least throw in some supplies, even limited. Japanese would have to throw in supplies by sea.
ITT: we're true car enthusiasts, we only appreciate rare stock cars and hate everything interesting
Art could be different though, even a gang tag could be considered to be art. You just define art you like as legit and everything else as shit.
Republic is a form of democracy, did you even go to school?
Republic is a form of democracy.
I mean, NK is not actually a republic.
Mostly due to economic help, not direct intervention.
They didn't film it at all, they said in the episode that it wasn't their footage.
Humans need all essential amino acids, iron, zinc, DHA, vitamins B12 and D and meat is a great natural source of that.
Just search something like "Jesse Watters steak" and watch the video this article is talking about.
We don't *have* to, but it's generally better if we do. Of course we should balance it.
Yes, some amino acids, also some vitamins, also DHA, iron, zinc. People are omnivores, so they ideally should eat plants and meat, the most important part is to balance it properly. It's not that healthy to exclude meat, but obviously also not healthy to exclude plants.
She said that eating meat reinforces patriarchy.
You are an omnivore, all people are. You don't stop being an omnivore if you stop eating meat.
Food technology doesn't add animal proteins to vegetables, it's not completely balanced.
Quiet, you're spoiling circlejerk with your facts and legitimate personal experience!
One example is an increased risk of anemia.
Apple also puts ints own bloatware in iOS, it's not a point. TouchWiz is not laggy anymore (it's not even called that anymore).

Yes, Sprint *can* put their bloatware on Android, but it's a trade-off of a reasonably free platform. You get many advantages with it and you should really blame Sprint for spoiling it.
Thank your carrier, not the manufacturer.
Throw away everything you have into the sea and run away to a inhabitable island and live there. This way they can't track you.
Google doesn't give you lower priced phones, Pixel phones are around the same price and Google has nothing to do with other Android phones except updating the AOSP.

Apple tracks you equally, they just won't tell you.
Statistically, Android is more stable than iOS. Also, you could at least disable bloatware apps on Android, you can't do anything with them on iOS.
Have you tried a factory reset?
Do you also buy a new car when it's time to change the oil and blame the manufacturer?
Chill man, your Prius is not *that* bad
And how do you know that, Sherlock?!
Everything great is dying for a reason, pop-up headlights, huge engines, NA, manual gearboxes, even F1. We could also just celebrate some nice old stuff.
You're not a gourman if you eat 8 tons of spaghetti and meatballs every day and don't really like anything else.
There are no advantages to FWD except for it being so boring even a grandma could drive it safe.
You must be fun at parties.
They are a flaw if you want 3rd party games on your console.
Yeah, remember that fiasco when they tried to allow you to sell digital games and make them cheaper overall? What a disaster!
You're already carrying it around with you, just plug it in before the battery is dead, it doesn't require much management. It also gives you more charge and is generally safer.
Because it makes water resistance less secure and provides users with more options to break the phone and complain about how bad the it is. It also makes the phone less sturdy and limits possible designs.

Changing battery literally takes 20 minutes in the any okay-ish shop. You can even do it yourself, it shouldn't take more than an hour. Again, it's only needed once every few years.

And you can carry around a power bank, which is literally an extra charged battery, only it could charge your phone more than once and you don't even have to reboot it. You also don't have to buy a new one every time you change your phone and it looks kinda cool.

I don't get why people still want replaceable batteries in 2017.
Via OTA update. It doesn't update the version of the OS itself though, it only updates the security part.
You're welcome. It's a great little device with nice specs inside!
They do.
You could replace the battery at any repairs shop, it's cheap for Samsungs and you only have to do it once every couple of years. It's just stupid to keep a replaceable battery now.
Well your dad probably wouldn't even notice that half of the apps from the App Store won't work and he probably doesn't care about security.
Android has an option if providing security updates without OS updates and that is exactly what Samsung does. You get security updates and your device is still as fast as new, no trade-offs.
It's a budget phone though.
Tell that to consumers.
Not on Android.
It was released one and a half years ago.
Samsung now provides phones with 3-4 years of security updates without updating them to newer OS which would have bogged them down.
They issue security updates for quite a long time though.
No it's not.
And all this time, all these morons told me "no, my 12-year iPhone is even faster than new ones, thank God Apple updates them forever!"
I tried really hard to come up with an answer but this is retarded on the level I've never knew even exists. Now I just feel sorry for you. Go and put some work into those heists, don't waste time communicating with people.
Entitled? Oh, you millennials love this word. 

No, I'm just angry that they ruined one of my favorite video game series by going the shitty way with monetization. They could've added single-player DLC and I would've gladly bought it. They could've made normal paid online DLC which would have actually added some meaningful content and I would've gladly bought it. 

I bought the game twice, one of them is a special edition and yet I can't access most of the content they add. I got nothing besides the base game for my $140. I would even pay for it, but they're asking $100+ for each set of a few stupid cars that they add.

No, I'm not entitled, you're retarded if you think that's fair and fine.
Yeah, like how GTAV could be an "expansion" to GTA IV in it's own right.
I have the game and I mostly can't get anything from all those free updates unless I spend a few hundred bucks at least. How is that free?
It's not the scope, it's the details. It's like if VC was based on the modern times. And gameplay is mostly more fun too.

Don't forget that Rockstar has 10 studios and earned billions on their previous game. I'm pretty sure developing some new tech is not a problem for them.
Why call them free then? And protect idiots who ruin experience for everyone else?
It's not FREE, it's free-to-play.
Just look at all that high-quality free-to-play DLC for GTA Online!
VC and SA are not expansions, they're just in the same universe and use the same engine. V is not an expansion of IV.
Updates are not really free though.
It's not free, it's not even free-to-play at this point.
IV felt like a super boring game after 3D universe though. Still feels like that.
Watch Dogs 2's world feels more alive than GTA V's and it only took 2 years to create. Rockstar has 10 development studios, it's not THAT hard to create a new game.
I have to use them pretty often, unfortunately. iPhone 5 is almost unusable, in my opinion, iPhone 5S is not much better, even iPhone 6 is really showing its age now. Same story with iPads.

Are you sure you've used modern devices if you think that iPhone 5 and iPad 4 are absolutely fine? They're tremendously slow.

On the other hand some same-age Android devices I have run like a dream. Not all of them, of course.
Thanks to that their older phones perform worse and worse up to the point of becoming a completely useless piece of shit.
Why would you be driving that fast at night?
Yeah, but they also look really cool.
No, I love cars, not gadgets in them.
Hyundais are still shitty cars though.
Cameras are almost the same, wireless charging - welcome to 2014, true tone is a gimmick and you'll never notice a new CPU. It's still almost the same, they didn't even bother to redesign the body for the third year in a row.
Well iPhone 8 is actually almost identical to an iPhone 7, if you forget that glass back for a second. Newer Bluetooth, smaller battery and $150 more, that's just about it.
They also start to look dated really fast while traditional gauges look good forever.
It won't be reliable, old ones weren't and the only thing they did was add even more stuff to break.
How is it offensive? If women are *so easily* offended on shit like this then probably we aren't actually created equal. 

I've written in my previous comment, that if a woman wore a shirt with men in swimming shorts to my workplace, I can't imagine how it could offend me. I'd think it's fun, probably. It could be tacky, but who am I to judge her style? Maybe my clothes are actually tacky.

All workplaces are different. Somewhere you should wear a suit. Some places won't allow people with tattoos. NASA is obviously free of this retarded shit.

And I can't understand why we can't show it on TV. We show horrible stuff and it's fine, but a Hawaiian shirt is completely inappropriate?
How is it sexist? Especially if a female friend did it for him? I would never find it offensive if a woman wore a shirt with a guy in swimming shorts, I'd think it's fun. I guess people don't have sense of humor today and are just actively searching for stuff to offend themselves.
OK true true
Also: don't swim in water if you don't want to get wet.
I'd say it's inappropriate that you question his sense of style.
SORRY HUMAN CONVERSATION IS AN UNSKIPPABLE SEQUENCE
LOGICAL ERROR 3756: RELOADING ASSUMPTIONS... GREETINGS. I AM A HUMAN AND WHAT TYPE OF SPECIES ARE YOU?
I AM 95% CONFIDENT I AM A REGULAR ALIVE HUMAN JUST LIKE YOU AND OTHER NORMAL HUMAN BEINGS
Prison *should* be punishment, that's the idea from the beginning. You're removing a person from the society, that is a punishment in itself.

You also can't just blindly think you'll change every person to a better one. Some could change, some wouldn't.
If a car has an all-wheel-drive system, it doesn't immediately mean it's an off-roader.
It's extremely retarded that people mostly evaluate environmental friendliness based on CO2 emissions.
No we don't. I live in a country where Spotify is not available so I can't even view the playlist.
They don't make a lot of money, they're just not producing a lot of cars. Even Musk himself admits that they're losing money and the company is overvalued. Car selling is either about volume or the margin and they have neither.

Objectively, any their model is a mediocre car. They have some nice tech gimmicks, some great features, definitely save on fuel, but quality is really questionable, reliability is still mostly unknown, many ergonomic decisions are retarded.

I just sound like someone who doesn't really like this car. It's great that it really pushes other car manufacturers to produce more clean cars. Look at the Bolt - it's better than Model 3, it's available now and it arguably exists because of Tesla - no one is buying it though, because it's not a Tesla. People don't want to save the environment, they want the hype.

Electric cars are also not suitable for any country. They're kind of good in US with all the superchargers, it's great if you never leave the city, but it's still far less practical than a conventional ICE-powered car.
They don't make any money, it's constant losses for them. Their cars also often don't function well as cars.
Tesla is not really a car company, they really struggle with the basics.
OP confirmed retarded.
$60k? It would probably be something like $52k.
Galaxy phones have great software actually. Good luck with your screen when you decide to purchase Pixel 2 XL though.
Cars. They used to be fun, now they're all restricted heavy computers on wheels.
Do you seriously think you're interesting enough for someone to go through the hassle of spying on you via a laptop camera?
Too soon.
And what? These are the most important things to happen in the last 30 years?
Tesla is not even a car company.
It was the shittiest GTA to me. Way too serious, way too little humour, unlikeable uncharismatic character. I'm glad they've improved with GTAV, but 3D universe is still so much better.
They only did LS in GTAV, still have two more cities left, besides VC.
Honestly, I'm not sure about Audi, but I owned a newer VW and it was a nightmare, I'm never buying a VAG car again. It's not even comparable to Lexus.
There are a lot of cars which are just as safe, but have fewer problems.
Just on the landfills.
It's much more environmentally friendly to keep your current car running though.
They *can* be recycled, but they aren't.
Even more stuff to break down!
Electric vehicles are not fast, they're quick. Gas cars are fast.
r/firstworldproblems
Have you at least ever been outside US?
How is this urban hell?
Yeah, very cheap and absolutely universal evil.
RAID though.
It's a cash grab for Apple because they're earning on royalties. It's a retarded move by Google.
They didn't make it popular though.
Why would you buy it two weeks before Pixel 2 event anyway?
Why 5 was more fun if it's basically the same thing?
I have a set of Cooper S/T, they're a bit more aggressive and pretty good in wet, but a bit more noisy, you can check them out!
I don't like how they behave on wet roads. They're okay, but no more than that. Don't drive fast and you'll be fine.
But it would be fake.
Newer Samsungs will detect this and keep the cellular connected.
Why state that he's black, isn't racism in the attention to race? It shouldn't matter at all.
The idea would have been criticized anyway, the jack is just too popular currently. It's not about trying, it's about compatibility. I have an aux in my car, a have several 3.5mm headphones, I have some accessories that connect via 3.5mm jack. I'm not replacing everything because someone is retarded enough to remove one of the most popular connectors in the world, I'm just buying a phone that has a jack.
I guess you're watching wrong tests. They're pretty good at implementing some features like the fake bokeh, but honestly, are you sure you've seen photos from them? They're often overexposed, dynamic range is mediocre, front cameras are just shit, mics are shit, stabilization is shit, autofocus is pretty slow, HDR is too harsh and looks like a shitty effect from 2011. Also, but not limited to, inability to choose aspect ratio in camera (iirc), soft images and strong desaturation in low light and a lot of other stuff.

Their cameras are comparable to other flagships two years ago, as is the whole phone, basically.
I've had iPhones and they lag even if you don't install anything.

Any phone lags if you don't reboot it, sometimes at least. Or if you don't have much free storage left. Or if you install many apps. I've had dozens of them, they all do and I will won't believe else until I see it.

You car could probably do 100+ mph but it won't feel great if you drive 100+ mph 24/7.
Why does barometer works fine inside other waterproof phones like S7?

It's just bullshit they're telling you.
iPhone has had a mediocre camera for a few years now, it's laughable that people still perceive it as the best.
Do you also have reception everywhere?
...who probably install everything, download everything and never reboot their phones.
I much prefer Samsung's version of Android to stock one. It's a matter of personal preference.
Barometric vent, are you kidding me? How the hell do all other phones work without that useless piece of rubber is an unsolved to this day mystery?
This mindset is *exactly* what allows them to pull this type of shit.

An adapter is inconvenient because it's additional thing that you should plug in, because you could lose it and will have to buy a new one, it could break, you may forget it, you have to carry it around with you, because it has a shitty DAC inside it, there is no single reason why an adapter is convenient.

Your lightning headphones are supposed to work with other stuff because they are headphones, it's normal for them. And you don't get them for free, are you retarded? You are paying a high-end price for your midrange-specs iPhone, they better include some headphones with it. And at least you could expect them to work with other Apple products, because ecosystem, amirite?

They are giving you exactly one option less than other phone manufacturers.

And if they didn't include an adapter, the shitstorm around it would have been even worse. This way, they might even look like some good guys. Like they do to you.

So, why do *you* think they've removed the jack? Because of courage?
Do you really get 20 hours of battery time with your phone? Do you have a Mi Max?

And was PS/2 also absolutely universal between different types of devices and was also used for various accessories?
Because it's fucking inconvenient to use an adapter, your lightning headphones won't work with anything else and also you can't charge your phone this way. Why do *you* think they've removed the jack?
Because Google is just retarded.
For some people it's a major inconvenience. And there are basically just two mobile OS, apps are mostly the same and specs are not that different either. I could easily live with a 0.2" different screen if a phone has a jack.
Did you have to switch between powering on your computer and connecting a keyboard?
You can avoid being forced into anything just by buying a normal phone with a jack.
Apple removed headphone jack for royalties and AirPods sales, its place inside the phone is just left empty.
Never knew band 71 was the most important thing in lives of so many people.
It's true for everything though, it's inflation.
It's important that the back is not metal.
Thing is, consoles are cheap and simple. If consoles costed more than PCs *and* we're more limited *and* didn't have any innovative features, that would be a problem.
Even a $200 budget phone will be a really sweet upgrade.
Guidelines advise not to crop the screen though.
Apple's new UI guildines warn you not to use black lines to hide the cutout.
We certainly needed to know that the camera you attached your printer was a GoPro.
S8 is generally faster when opening/switching apps than the iPhone. The only exception is games, which are optimized much better for the iOS.

They do have solid processors, but not the best ones. That's why they're switching to an Android-like multi-core setup, not vice versa.
Downvoted for obvious truth. /r/Android is a fucking Apple fan club.
It is obvious for anyone though.
They're not faster, they're quicker.
What? Petrol heater for a diesel engine has a separate small petrol engine with a separate petrol tank. It is used to heat diesel engine, fuel system and filters before start in very cold conditions.
Apple will say that your face is wrong.
Just jumping to electric cars is pretty retarded. We'll just be replacing one set of problems with another.

Electric cars are also not suitable for a lot of applications. /r/futurilogy is extremely naive to think that we could just magically replace all vehicles with electric ones and all world problems would be solved.
Yeah, straight with thorium. And as soon as US does it - boom, there go the prices and the industry is ruined yet again. China controls the market.
Hence, electric cars won't completely replace ICE-powered cars, as Reddit likes to think. In cities in developed countries - mostly yes. The whole world? No.
As others already said, some diesel cars could drive over 2,500 km on one tank. And that's even with 60 kilos of baggage. And it takes 5 minutes to refuel.

But turn on AC/heating, lower the outside temperature, drive a bit faster and Tesla's range is nowhere near that. Electric cars do have a limited range.
It uses either battery or petrol. Obviously petrol is more reliable.
Why should I adapt if I could just use an OS that is not limited in retarded ways?
Are you seriously implying you would like a phone without any ports?
Groove street... home.
EVs suck outside cities. They have a limited range, you can't charge them anywhere and it takes ages. **A lot** more than 1% of people still need ICE cars and it's not changing soon.

Also, public transport is still a cleaner option for cities.
So increasing rare earth metals based cars is a great idea? Did you forget that China basically has a monopoly on that?
Not everywhere you can use the limited range of EVs.

If you care about environment that much, public transportation will be cleaner anyway, so it's more viable to develop that instead of personal EVs.
I live in a place where you have to use winter diesel and batteries struggle outside in winter and I'm very, very far away from Antartica. If you live in a warm climate, doesn't mean everybody else does.
There is a reason. I don't want anyone to control how I commute. I don't want a company to make my self-driving car use a particular street because of a huge new ad/shop there.
There are still a lot of people who don't live in cities.
It should be a big fucking battery.
Only up to some point, and gas cars are still faster, and they can drive fast for much longer amounts of time.
Production of batteries equires rare earth materials, which is arguably even more dirty. We'll also have to deal with utilization if the batteries.

And no, electricity doesn't make gas/diesel cars look silly. EVs are still a gimmick.
But those mines cause enormous harm to the local environment. Should we forget about it to fight the global warming?
So do you also think this is a great geopolitical decision for other countries except China?
You can use public transport, you know.
It won't happen. Technology is not there.
Yeah, that's far away from your home, why worry about people living there.
Removing yourself from the world would make even a greater impact.
There's winter diesel, there's fuel system heating. There's petrol. What's there for EVs?
People here are retarded and think that if everyone suddenly has a Tesla the world would be free of all problems including cancer because it's a fucking miracle of a car.
China also has a very serious pollution problem because of rare earth materials extraction required for EVs. People on Reddit think that EVs are some sort of a miracle.
With a range of 700 miles, less than 4 tons and refuable in 5 minutes.
It's not though, it'll still take years and years and years. Electric cars are still mostly a gimmick.
They won't get rid of the oil dependency though. You need oil for many more things than just cars.
You can carry/store gas quite easily.
Electric cars appeared a hundred years ago though.
Yeah, you pay so much for all those features and don't even know about them. It's smart to read through the manual.
/u/doug-demuro is the type of guy who talks about glovebox air valves instead of weather with strangers.
It's still one of the worst cars to get away from a hurricane.
It's not about sales, it's about showing Bethesda that their fanbase doesn't appreciate it.
Why would you retrofit a jack if you can buy a phone which has one?
My bad!
Yeah, Apple also said that you're holding your phone wrong.

How can anyone sane think that there's a valid reason to remove a headphone jack. Of course money is the reason, it's so obvious a monkey can see it.
You said they removed it for waterpoofing. This is clearly not true. Now you're trying to say that they've removed the jack *not* to make money on the decision, which is also a ridiculous thought as there aren't any other possible reasons. There's just no possible discussion here, honestly.
They fall out if many ears, they're the only earphones that fall out of mine.
Just wait until they build up enough courage to connect your mobile phone to a phone line via cable!
Paino black is the most retarded thing ever, it's on the same spot with removing the most universal port in the world because of courage.
Those sweet royalties off of everything that uses lightning now - *everything*.
It's a very stupid idea. It's like removing your legs and then using $15k robotic replacement which needs to be charged daily.
It's just stupid how far Apple fans can dig into bullshit to protect their beloved brand.
Yeah, they create products to show everyone what being courageous is like, totally not for profit!
Japanese racing color is white though.
It is entirely possible, but it's not a Windows update problem then.
What's wrong with not liking red color in general? Even on a Ferrari.
It's stylized to look like an LM.
What if you like F40, but don't like red color? What if you really like they looks of LM?
Do you really believe that homework was given the exact day it was due and exactly on this day OP was *really* busy until like 10:00 PM and he also legit hadn't had any time in the previous few days to update his PC? I think then the problem is in his luck or time management skills, not Windows updates.
Xiaomi phones have great battery life.
That's bullshit, newer Xiaomi phones are better than ever.
Do you want US spyware though?
It is though, it's worse in every sense.
Well because that's how it is. And it's easy to compare to Apple because everyone knows their products and they are wildly popular.
These TV controlling apps are **so bad** and not universal at all. IR blaster is fast, reliable, works with every TV, it's perfect.
No, PS3 was just a shitty console to develop games for.
Microsoft wanted to change the gaming market for better with an option of reselling digital games and lower prices, but gamers were too retarded to understand that, so they decided to keep everything as it is.
So monsoon ended two weeks earlier this year?
If mayweather got 100 million and talked 160 shits and threw 160 punches he got paid 312,500 per shit or punch
iPhone doesn't even support proper multitasking. 10 minutes of very limited background tasks is what you get, IIRC. Suspending apps is not the same thing as multitasking, just so you know. It also can't run two apps in the foreground, this is how advanced iPhone is. But screw the facts!
I hope you're a troll or fully blind, people can't be that retarded right? Just look through the fucking thread, the comments you were answering to.
I'm glad you're not that poor! I can read though and I don't care how you use it. However, S7E is 1.6 times cheaper than your 7+, is better in every single way and could also take in two sim-cards, so that you don't have to carry around a second phone with you!

And you do understand that people don't use iMessages outside of US? That's my whole point, is it that hard? Its quite difficult to find an iMessage user in Europe, let alone Asia! Other developers are smart enough to reach out to different user bases, so you can't even compare them, iMessage is dwarfed by other giants. Apple won't even tell you monthly active users, because no way it is comparable to other platforms. They will just tell you number of active devices and claim they all use iMessage.
Ooooh, your sources are legit! Can you find *any* camera review where iPhone is better than other flagships? It really is close to midrange phones today.
What, you don't even read through the comments when you answer them?
I'm glad iOS 10 got a bit lighter, at least your midrange phone from 2014 could somewhat handle it. You should really upgrade though, hardware in that phone is shit.

And yeah, iMessage hit around 200,000 messages per second in 2017, while WhatsApp was dealing with 740,000 messages per second back in 2014. You just can't take the truth, huh?
I just hope you can't read the tables or something.

Surely random forms are much better help in choosing your $1k device than a professional camera review website.

Too bad that iPhone shows mediocre camera results anywhere.

But you really shouldn't believe it, just go to apple.com and check out those photos!
Wow, that was a good one! Now I truly believe that you choose iPhone with your brain and heart, not with your retardness.
I've just sent you a link. There only like two other videos and they're exactly like I described, but who cares, right? It looks faster there, got to be true!
Yeah, like the S6 and Z5 and G5 and V20, which are all obviously worse, right?

Oh no, it's actually not a professional camera review website, who knew! What is a professional camera review website then, apple.com? How far will you go denying reality to believe that iPhone's camera is the best while it just clearly isn't?
Man, GTA Online sure deserves to be shat on.
That's exactly why the game is a cashgrab. Why bother making a full game when we can make a quick card shit and earn tons of money on that? I'm sure they're now figuring out how to attach hats to players' cards.
I don't just think man, I see. I see the opposite 
Oh yeah, they are not $150! Nextbit Robin is even [$130](https://www.amazon.com/Nextbit-Robin-Factory-Unlocked-Smartphone/dp/B01D9LVCAI) and scores just one point less than an iPhone 6S!
So which factual videos did you check? The ones where they just open a bunch of games in a sequence?
My god, you really are as retarded as legends say! Do you really like your phone being ruined by updates it can't handle? Have you tried to find a person outside US who would use iMessage? Do you really believe anything is lag-free?
Yeah, because iPhone has [no bugs](https://www.blancco.com/resources/rs-state-of-mobile-device-performance-and-health-trend-report-q2-2016/), [best camera](https://www.dxomark.com/mobiles/column-right/mobile-scores), it's just the best amirite??
Oh really? Does it also suck your dick?
Exactly, people are buying those hats/knifes because they're stupid, that's the only correct answer. It is crap, even no matter how well-made it is. Shit, they even had to downgrade the game visually to let this bullshit happen.

Game industry becoming a shitty business thanks to players and only players, who think that paying $50 for a hat or $120 for a car in the game is okay.
Are you kidding me? I'm not even talking about the fact that Samsung doesn't use it's own OS in phones, it's just a skin, but Samsung phones also [outperform](https://www.tomsguide.com/us/speed-test-galaxy-s8-vs-iphone-7,review-4380.html) iPhones in apps. iPhones even score less in Geekbench now. I'm not even talking about multitasking. If you bought your iPhone for performance, I'm really sorry for you.
And it's even possible to turn it off altogether and use original icons' shapes.
You have a second-long animations, what are you talking about?
You might as well buy an unlocked $150 midrange Android phone, it will have all the features you need!
Good luck with /r/iOS.
So your data doesn't get mined if you use an iPhone? What other magical features does it have?
"They forced me to buy smth and I'm thankful", you're a retard.
You're a retard if you think DLC is free.
The game was ruined by Rockstar and no one else.
I'm sorry man, it must be hard. Don't worry, one day you'll find yourself as a professional artist working on CS knife skins full-time, at least you have this opportunity.
Are you retarded?
So you think that TF2 hats are masterpieces and people buy them because of that? Are you retarded? Microtransactions are almost never worth the money, people just happen to be stupid enough to fall for this shit. That's why HL3 got cancelled while you praise knife skins here.
It takes literally almost no skill to create a knife skin, you're very naive to think otherwise.
Please go and buy some TF2 hats.
You can't skip your stupidity.
If you were Valve you could for charge for it. It's a pity you're not.
$1000 is a lot of money for 99% of people, can't say that's cheap.
Music/movies requires talent and effort to create, while creating a new knife skin takes literally 10 minutes and could be done by anyone. Music/movies are also cheaper.
What exactly? Every time you turn on an incandescent or fluorescent light, it experiences a thermal shock, which is shortening its lifespan, you can read further on it.

For longest lasting light bulbs, search "longest lasting light bulbs" and check out the list, there are 3 bulbs which are over 100 years old, I think.
They're pretty simple compared to their rivals. Simpler interior design, more plastic buttons, cheaper materials, more noise. Also, but not limited to, outdated engines, more weight, worse fuel economy, shitty infotainment systems, some strange design choices, questionable looks.

I mean, they're pretty good all-around cars, but the only thing they're really good at is reliability.
And what? Modern incandescent and fluorescent bulbs are still vulnerable to being switched on/off.
They're not that good at luxury, their main point. They're very reliable for luxury cars though.
There are at least 3 and another few are close.
Turning bulbs on and off shortens their lifespan **much** more than just leaving them on forever. There are bulbs which have been on for more than a 100 years.
here come dat androi!
Regular cars aren't going away.
$10k is a shit ton of money, just for you to know.
People are so retarded, most people here claim they want a PC-like UI on Xbox.
It's stupid when regular people do it though.
It's just convenient to use a powerful and spacious car and old Cayennes are pretty cheap.
And a '64 Impala
If a car is parallel parked in a row of cars, you may not see far away back through your window. It's also harder to estimate speed. Oh my god, what am I even talking about? Reddit is retarded anyway, you can exit without looking at all, why bother the driver.
Because they could often see better and it takes less than a second to check.
Are you Trump's accountant?
Just ask the driver to check the mirrors.
Mystery solved.
You said exactly the opposite thing in your previous comment.

Anyway, we all know that cooking pizza is no rocket science, it's actually easy to master. Even though I still can't cook one.
Even though I can't cook a perfect pizza, I can still tell a good one from a shitty one.
"Do it yourself" argument is extremely stupid.
Oh, I also remember that [removed] story, it was legendary!
Only two others left to find.
Every car has an alternator, which generates electricity from the engine. It powers all the electronics when the engine is on and charges the battery.
Edited it out.
That's totally not the argument I'm making.
Sorry, I was unclear on that.

I've meant that everyone who owns an Xbox has an easy access to Xbox store, everyone who owns a PS4 has an easy access to PS Store, etc. I guess absolute majority of people with consoles accessed the store at least once.

On the other hand, only a small fraction of PC users use Steam. That's why only it was able to overtake only one console, which sold around 30 million units, even though there are billions of PCs.
No, it wasn't. People just couldn't get it, hence the outrage.

They wanted to allow to resell digital games, isn't that great? Now we're stuck with them.

They wanted to allow to convert your physical games into digital. You wouldn't need a disc to play, and be able to resell them to anyone in the world.

This would've also allowed games to be cheaper on Xbox.

This is exactly what happens on Steam, except you can't even resell games there, can't you see it? You're not angry with Steam though.
It is true. You misunderstood them too, that's the most common problem with gamers, they don't want to think.

Thanks to people like you, we missed out on all those nice ideas and stuck in the past.

Edit: As the person in another comment stated, we missed out selling digital games, cheaper games, a lot of good stuff.

And oh my god, games play almost exactly the same on PS4 and Xbox, you'll never see the difference. Also, see Xbox One X.
But *all* console owners actively access the Xbox store, while only a relatively small percentage of PC users actively play games on their PCs. Consoles are built for games, no wonder their market is still quite larger than PC gaming market.
Their original message was misunderstood because of terrible delivery but it wasn't bad at all. Just required a few adjustments, not a complete 180.
How many Linux and Mac computers are active on Steam, about 5-6?
A few dozens of millions of people. Fairly limited.
Don't forget the batteries and ugly rare earth mining requires to produce your whole package.

Coal is dirty but wind turbines are no magic.
How do you think windmills are produced?
A quick look through OP's posting history would have shown that this post is a bamboozle and Trump supporter is actually right. Oh no!
It's bamboozle, don't send anything.
The story is fake, OP is a dick and you're just stupid and likely upvoted it.
Don't send anything, it's a bamboozle.
Fuck you and your fake story then.
Reddit really went downhill recently.
Shit! Better send him $150 for a new action figure asap!
The story is fake.
It's a bamboozle, guys!
It would've been okay if at least it matched the gif in any way
It's also color coded.
We'll, I mean, maybe it is, who knows.
He said:
>Correct me if I'm wrong, but I thought all 4x4 squared G-wagons came with the portal axles. 

What's wrong with it, you can't read?
Yeah, but we don't really know. Did anyone get to that speed? How long did the battery last? We can ask Hammond, I guess.

It's just a dangerous concept car at this point.
That's exactly what he said.
Too expensive for the capabilities though.
BF1 is better in every way imaginable, better buy that.
It was meh, honestly.
BF1 is superior in every way.
Why did you decide that it's an obvious joke?
Well it's a huge fucking incovenience, I won't carry around a dongle just to use something as basic and universal as a 3.5mm jack.

And I charge/use headphones at the same time *very* often because I use AUX in my car. It's also extremely useful for traveling.

I also have quite expensive 3.5mm headphones and I'm not buying new ones just because some manufacturers are retarded. And stock headphones suck.

Giving up the most universal port in the world is bullshit, not progress.
Now add up "android slow", "samsung slow", "sony slow", "oneplus slow", "lg slow", "pixel slow", "htc slow", "huawei slow", "xiaomi slow", "meizu slow", "motorola slow", "zte slow", "blackberry slow" and I'm sure they won't be far off.

iPhones do slow down much more with updates, but searches are not a prove of that.
That's for security.
And you'll also lose a few gigabytes of storage on your phone. It's just much smarter to stick to Android.
I think that Apple does support products for a long time for the very purpose of them becoming slow, but they don't become slow right before release of the next phone in a year, that's bullshit.
People will search for "samsung slow", "sony slow", market is fragmented. Also, Apple sells higher fraction of high-end devices, which people expect to be fast.
Apple doesn't a lot of stuff which could be considered planned obsolescence, but this is not one of them.

Apple are known for supporting their products for a long time and they can't just suddenly stop doing it. But then, newer OS are always more complicated and harder to run and older phones just can't keep up.
No it wasn't.
You can replace most infotainment systems with custom stuff though, even if they're built in.
Any digital player has a DAC.
Yes, there's a longer version in the comments and they're alright.
No, it [doesn't](https://electrek.co/2016/03/23/tesla-model-s-p90d-ludicrous-top-speed-acceleration/amp/).

And for how fast EP9 is, its 0-120 time is still worse than modern hypercars, which actually have less power.

Electric cars were invented before gas cars and were pretty popular 100 years ago, so they had even more time to evolve.
All top-tier Teslas' top speed is 155. They also get to that speed in twice as much amount of time as a comparable gas car.

And yeah, I think there is one car which does 160+, maybe, probably, but then gas cars are pushing 260+, top speeds are just incomparable.
I don't think there is a production electric car which goes up to 180mph, even 160 mph.
That's what I'm doing.
They just made it *really* inconvenient.
Also those sweet royalties.
Thanks for ignoring the rest of the population! You may not need the jack, but other people use them everyday. It's stupid to remove it.

If it's not developing fast enough, means that demand on it is still probably pretty low.
Public transportation is also really developed in Europe, so you can skip having a car at all.
Oh, sorry, yeah, I misunderstood.

Anyway, electric cars have good acceleration up to like 60 mph, but then they're pretty slow and their top speeds are low.
It will also overheat pretty fast.
That means you can go 110 miles away from your home without recharging in perfect conditions. This is useless for anything but city, and public transport wins in cities.
Except they don't. Electric cars make an incredibly small portion of cars sold, they're still impractical for a lot of cases and too expensive. Gas cars will exist for a while more.
They didn't even try to disguise it.
1/1 is 0 basically, it should be around 1/1.5
Data plan? The second you connect to any Wi-Fi it will stop working. It's quite a serious issue for those who actually travel or live in other countries for a while. GPM has no issues with this.
If you use a [desktop app](https://www.googleplaymusicdesktopplayer.com), you can use [this remote app](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.marshallofsound.gpmdp.remote).
It got easier lately. Were you creating a new account via VPN? Have you tried using a random US address? If it doesn't work, have you tried buying US gift cards?
Spotify will only allow you to use their service out of your country for 14 days. If you're traveling for more than two weeks, forget about music.
Yet somehow they still retained open cockpits and open wheels.
Fuck halo.
You can create a US account.
You can create a US account and get all the benefits.
I guess there's an app for GPM to switch songs on your PC from your phone.
Good luck traveling with Spotify.
Nah, they'll discontinue the music portion and leave the music messenger, and then they'll announce a new YouTube messenger in addition to that, just in case you need it.
All music streaming apps are quite slow and riddled with bugs, if you feel it as soon as you add a lot of music. Play Music is actually pretty fast.

And your downloaded songs are layed out exactly in the same way as your whole library, what's wrong with that?
I've used most of music streaming apps if not all, and honestly, Play Music is one of the best. It's the only one I don't have major problems with.
Because updates exist for a reason.
But no, it can't be true, Apple products are the best & most stable that's why they are so expensive I've spent $2800 on my i3 MacBook with 1.5 ports!
It has a lot more customization options than Sims 2 and, unlike Sims 3, it actually works.
Airline names don't align with the bars.
They did so many things wrong with Sims 3, so they threw everything away and started from scratch. Sims 4 is actually closer to Sims 2 in every sense. It looks good, it runs well, it has great customization and a lots of freedom, it's relevant, it's just fun to play!
Their OS gives you a feeling of running smoothly, but in fact it's not. It's failure rate is already higher than that of Android. Apple computers have higher failure rate than ASUS ones.

Any newer OS requires a powerful gear. In order for it to run on shittier hardware that Apple always uses, they have to sacrifice something. For example, iOS still doesn't have proper multitasking, that's why they can out so little RAM in their phones. Optimization magic, amirite?

Not only their software is quite limited, their hardware is almost always inferior too. Remember the cheap paint on the iPhone 5 (mine died in a few weeks, I've never had a phone die that fast), cheap aluminum on the iPhone 6, shitty gloss paint on the iPhone 7? Look at their specs, these are honestly closer to midrange phones. And they run inferior software. And they are much more expensive. And there's a legend that they'll last for a decade but they just don't. 

They've also removed any ability to upgrade new MacBooks so they could last less. Oh, maybe you want a Mac Pro with 5-year-ild hardware for the same price as 5 years ago?

Apple stuff is just not as good as everyone wants to think. And then their shitty anti-consumer practices.
Thank you!
Sims 3 was optimized like shit and had ugly people. Sims 4 is even different in its concept, it's closer to Sims 2.
M E T A

E

T

A
Sims 3 was the worst Sims. Yes, it had a lot of stuff - too much, honestly, the game engine wasn't even able to cope with it. No optimization, ugly sims.

Sims 4 hadn't had a lot of stuff in it at the start but it gradually got better to the point of being the best Sims there ever was.
They have added lots and lots of stuff and forgetting the nostalgia, it's the best Sims.
Welcome to the world of inflation, nothing surprising or extraordinary here, really.
Last for a decade? Luxury items? I hope you're joking. And you missed the point about Android phones.
It is original. It was posted to /r/dataisbeautiful like this, then, after the author faced criticism he realized that he forgot the legend and uploaded a version with the legend to the comments. Again, legend also sucked, but the original post doesn't even have it.
Butchered visualizations, unlabeled axes? Forgetting one of the most important parts of a visualization is exactly /r/dataisugly. Also, the legend that guy provided still kind of sucks.
You're not really incentivized to switch, you're forced too, and that is a bad thing. Everyone you've seen may benefit from it, but many don't and they're left with less and less choice.

The point is not about a phone that can affect someone's mood. The point is Apple have started this idiotic wave of removing jacks from flagship phones, and a lot of people are affected by that. Apple may have did it because of the royalties but Android manufacturers do it because they're imbeciles.
Because you think that your use case is everyone's use case and that it's okay to remove the jack because it's okay for you.

And you're just ignoring points, jumping from one statement to another, yet you claim there's no logic in my comments even though they all follow exactly the same line? You're as stupid as it gets. Enjoy your dongles.
Oh, so LG also spends massive amounts on R&D? So does Sony, Google, even fucking OnePlus? Somehow they all managed to keep the jack without huge R&D budgets. And somehow HTC managed to find budget and space to develop their useless squeeze feature.

HTC is full of bullshit and always has been. They've recently started showing ads in a shitty free keyboard they're using, if you remember.

And do you think they develop every phone from scratch? Somehow they had the jack before.

And yes, you're a retard. If not for retards like you, we'd have had the jack and won't have to fuck around with stupid adapters to use basic features.
Well you don't really have a choice with an iPhone, so I guess they assume that everyone's ears are the same.
It's because of royalties and bluetooth accessories.
What if you have hands-free in your car?
Longer lasting, are you retarded?
Just wait until you lose it.
Why would you buy this phone on the first place?
Oh, so it's a cost decision now? What a change of stance. A $0.01 jack in a $600 phone? Are useless second screen and a 16MP camera cost decisions also? Is it also a cost decision in a $970 midrange iPhone?

You're a retard, get out.
7.4mm shorter, 3mm *wider* and 0.2mm thinner? Are you kidding me? Is it much smaller to you? Well, anyway, S7 is the same height and thickness as Essential while being narrower and still gets a headphone jack. And *a lot* more sensors, that's where Samsung's huge budget went. Meanwhile HTC U Ultra is *huge* and doesn't have space for a headphone jack? Are you retarded to believe this?

And no, there are no popular smaller connectors. What, Type-C, it's much smaller to you? And forget about charging and outputting audio at the same time?

How many Type-C headphones do major manufacturers offer? Close to none. How many flagship phones with a headphone jack on place are left? Close to none. This is bullshit.

Apple is also a shitty example because their fans will literally buy piles of shit with Apple logo on them.
If *you* don't use it very often it's not the reason to phase out a tech. A lot of people do, it's still by far the most popular audio connector.

Apple removed it *just* to earn money on the royalties, it's extremely stupid that Android manufacturers do it too.

Essential phone doesn't have the place for connector, somehow S8 does with a whole lot of more of stuff inside.

Surely it'll get phased out at some point, but it's just too early now.
The legend itself is not that great too, honestly. And forgetting the legend is exactly /r/dataisugly material, right?
Thanks for supporting the community!
This game is seriously underrated.
Well how did Samsung manage to do it with all the constraints while Apple doesn't have any of those sensors and still removed the jack and left the place inside empty? God you're stupid, that's why they're removing it, because anyway dumbasses like you will defend it.
One LED and another sensor on some phones. Plus the heartbeat sensor. Plus other stuff. Throw that away and add back the jack.

Oh, wait, Samsung already added a jack even without removing stuff. Other manufacturers are talking bullshit.
Yes, there are several pipboy watchfaces on the market.
On Note 7 it was a separate module, on S8 it's integrated into camera but requires a separate LED, which is still some place.
Oh, so second cameras, iris scanners, other stuff, they use literally no space? Bluetooth is the only thing which doesn't use a lot of space in that list (it still uses a bit, you silly), but it increases price though.

S8 somehow manages to keep the jack while being one of the most technologically advanced phones, which just proves that other companies remove the jack just because they're retards.
Bluetooth is essential to some and meh to others. So are iris scanners, heartbeat sensors, additional hardware buttons, double cameras, a lot of features.

Point is, overwhelming majority of headphones and audio cables come with a 3.5mm jack, and it's incredibly stupid to just ditch it. Have you seen the iPhone 7 inside? Nothing takes the place of the jack. It was possible to fit it in S8. It's just retarded.
REMOVE DRIVERS FROM CARS FOR MAXIMUM SAFETY THEY CAN JUST PLAY PS4 OKAY
Okay, I won't write a huge post, let me just highlight a few things:

** That research is not assuming that emissions of production of batteries are scaled linearly with the growth of battery size, it comes to this conclusion, which was surprising for researchers themselves.

** "We have a problem in UK that we should solve by electric cars because they are produced far away" is exactly the mindset that I hate so much. Your batteries are mostly produced in Asia. Factories in Asia are not placed far away from were people live, they're town-forming, in fact. Moreover, forget about CO2 emissions. Batteries require rare earth materials and it's so incredibly dirty to mine and process them, it's hard to estimate the harm being done. And it's being done to both nature and people living there. But it's not in UK, so it's alright, yes? Much, much more people are dying because of air pollution in China, but UK gotta solve its problems.

** I am not sure that Golf GTI is an average UK car. The whole UK population is driving performance cars? It's even more stupid to compare it to Renault Zoe. It should be compared to a 1.0 TSI Golf, I guess, it's much closer. That one produces around 100g CO2/km, so your calculations are already a bit off. Yes, it's still more than that of an electric car, but you don't have to produce huge batteries for it, so less CO2 emissions there, and, more importantly, less pollution from rare earth metals mining/processing. And we were only talking about UK, which is quite clean in terms of electricity production, what about developing countries?

** Again, no one is saying that electric cars are incredibly harmful or anything. It's just so incredibly stupid that everyone in the western world believe they are so clean because manufacturers state there are no CO2 emissions, and well, the rest of pollution is somewhere else. They're just not as clean as they seem to be, they're not magic. They're cleaner better in some cases, may be worse in other cases. Still less practical in any case. Anyway it's probably not a great idea for the whole world to suddenly switch to electric cars.
Nintendo could release a $150 console which would literally only play one Mario game and people would praise it and buy millions of them.

Atari making a retro console which would also play new games? "Bad idea", "will not sell", "disappointing".
21.7 US gallons is 82 liters, do you suggest that gas weight is 1kg/liter? It's actually around 0.75, so the numbers are off.

We don't even take diesel into account here.
Oh, sorry, I get it know, I misread. 

But is it 8x though? Tesla S has what, a 500kg battery and a range of 250 miles? Audi A8 can carry like 60kg of gas and its range is around 800 miles. That's more like 25x density.
How did you count it?

Tank-to wheel efficiency of an electric car is around d 70%, tank-to-wheel of an gas car is 16%, it's higher for diesel. It's already 4x.

Through in the rest of the losses and it's about 2x-3x for a natural gas plant, I don't know where you got that 8x figure.
That's from Top Gear.

>We never said that the Tesla's true range is only 55 miles, as opposed to their own claim of 211, or that it had actually ran out of charge. In the film our actual words were: "We calculated that on our track it would run out after 55 miles."

Electric cars are so overhyped today, I like that Top Gear often shows that they are not there yet.


Yeah, I get your point. I also secretly dream about NASA getting a higher budget and us seeing achievements equal or greater to the ones in the 60's.
I think we all can agree that inequality is a huge problem, it's just that nobody knows how to fix it. The only decision most people throw is for rich just to giveaway their money, but that's not a decision.

However, I also think that we now live in a prosperous time and surely it's not worse than at any point in the past.
It's not an article, these are just someone's dreams. It's not all that simple. I agree that NASA's funding should be higher, but US military budget is adequate and it's not the best idea just to switch two budgets.
I'd say you are greedy because you want to get your hands on other people's wealth. It's just pointless at this point.
Miata has a 12-gallon tank, it will do something like 130-160 miles on a track and could be refuelled in a minute.

Tesla Roadster has a 500kg battery, it will do less than a 100 miles on a track and will take hours to recharge. It will also start to overheat after a few laps.
This exactly what a socialist would think.

If that individual earned a billion dollars, they earned it. They got taxed while earning it, they are taxed now on everything they have, they pay for everything that guy working 80 hours uses because they pay most of the taxes in the country.

By your logic, there should also be free migration in the world, and US should basically just giveaway its federal budget to poorer countries.
It's just worth pointing out because people read this shit and actually believe it. This way, maybe they'll actually go and read further on it.
It's a shitty comparison.

18k people work at NASA, US military personnel is 1.2+ million people and that's only a fraction of jobs military sector actually creates. Sure, it's still less per dollar than in other areas, but it employs millions of people. It also gives you a benefit of a strongest military in the world and the opportunity to be the greatest superpower.

Finally, percentage of budget that US spends on military is not that high.
Yeah, I messed up the numbers, that's median. Average is $350k. Still by far not enough.

How are taxes misleading? Top 1% pays more than bottom 90%, tax share from 1% is higher than income share, taxes in US are not low by any means.

And well, corporations do provide benefit for society in one way or another. Surely they don't just giveaway their profit, that'll defeat the purpose of their existence. If you're a socialist in your heart, then there's no point in this conversation at all.
...and leave millions of people without a job.
Top 5% of Americans earn $200k on average, additional 2-3% of taxes really won't be enough.

Top 1% already pays almost half of total taxes, while bottom 60% only pay 2%.

And corporations were created to earn money, what the fuck are you talking about?
It's incredibly stupid to compare national debt to personal debt, those are absolutely different concepts.
lol what they tax oil like crazy, it's viable because it's cheap and effective
Yeah, and it was like 90 degrees a few years ago, you can really feel the global warming kicking in!
Honestly, we're more interested in great games.

edit: according to downvotes, this subreddit is actually not interested in great games
Would you pay $500 for 60fps in some games? If not, then it's probably not worth it.
It's a joke, man.
You can't really orbit space, it's too huge!
And look at those private Russian companies launching reusable rockets!
Just a month earlier. Their space program was still much weaker overall.
They kind of do if they own a sports car? Tesla Roadster is not a regular car.
Well it's legal on autobahn and yet you can't do it in a Tesla. Quite a lot of race tracks will also allow you to go faster than 125mph. Also, salt flats. Also, drag racing. There's plenty of places where you could go over 125mph.
This is really the only light we need.
1) Be straight.
It's a repost of a repost of a repost, we've seen it a million times already.
Because it's a sports car, you buy it to go fast, for the thrill.
Except most car producers already have electric cars.
He's a good host, but certainly not badass.
160 is even better in a sports car, right?
Are you kidding me? 

In Formula E they have to literally replace cars in the middle of the race because they run out of charge and it will take too long to charge them. The race is about 50 minute long and batteries weight around 250kg.

In Formula 1 they race for 2 hours at much higher speeds and only need 100kg of fuel.

Electric cars are not even close to ICE-powered ones in terms of range, anywhere, highway or race track.
Also, ICE efficiency is much worse than that of an electric engine, so actual power density of gas is 60X-75X.
Total well-to-wheels efficiency is about 2 times better for electric vehicles, 2.5 times optimistically, not 8-1.
The effect on the range is probably about the same, except an ICE-powered car has more range to begin with and can be refuelled in 2 minutes.
The handing is excellent for a car that heavy. However, remove that weight and handling will be much better. You can't break laws of physics, heavy car can't be great at handling.
Except power first has to be produced and delivered. Total efficiency is about twice as good, which is great, but not phenomenal.
Well their ads were like "Burn rubber, not gasoline", "0-60 in 4 seconds", "1 million miles range", "ZERO EMISSIONS". I don't see a word about it being luxury, I see a 0-60 time.
Was the engine turned off when you achieved that MPG?
How did it happen?
On Android people are angry that it doesn't update that often. On Windows people are angry that it updates too often. It's always assholeish design.
No, you just input random address there, like rassholedesign@mailinator.com, no need to create it in advance. You'll be able to check it later.
You can use an email address for spam, check mailinator.com.
Switch to desktop version, it will work.
Edge is actually a good browser, it often feels much faster than Chrome.
Yeah, any phone that doesn't have an SD card slot is a piece of shit, every phone without a replaceable battery is piece of shit, every phone on the market is shit.
Sometimes it's handy to clean cache.
I'm not saying they are the same.  

However, production of solar panels is connected with pretty nasty greenhouse gases, so in order to produce your clean energy, you have to pollute, a lot. They also require batteries, which are also really dirty to produce. But it's in the other part of the world, while your energy is clean, right?

A few research also found that solar panels increase ambient temperature around them, creating a heat island, just like urban areas, albeit smaller.

I'm just saying that no energy is 100% clean. In some areas it's great to use solar panels, in some areas it may be actually cleaner to use fossil fuels.
Well, it's the airport, they've always been pretty tough on security, especially after 9/11. They are also connected to immigration/emigration. It's not like pharmacies are even close. When they decide to start using face scanning in pharmacies and liquor stores, then it's time to protest.
Greenhouse gases associated with production of solar panels are thousands of times worse than CO2. They also require batteries, production of which is very dirty, again. Nothing is exactly clean.

I'm not saying that burning oil everywhere is better than solar panels, but today people tend to overestimate how green some green technologies are.
It's a popular technique for getting stuff from underground, it's used with oil too!

So, in the end, are you Obama or probably no?
What's the problem with face scanning? You provide them with all info required when you're travelling anyway.
You still need that energy to produce/refine everything you need for an electric car/everything.

Even your solar panels require rare earth metals, and it is a really dirty process to get/refine them, not any better than oil.

You switch the pollution, not eliminate it.
It's not full truth. Lithium is also produced with traditional mining.
It's not that simple.
It's an opinion for me too, so what?
For me it ruins the essense of F1, I'm just afraid that they will implement it after all.
It's already the safest sport there is probably. You can't fully eliminate the risk without removing drivers from cars. All these halo and shield concepts are just ridiculous.
It's not much smaller, it's debatable.
This guy is just a dumbass, vanity plates on Teslas never were funny.
Yes, other people. Not everyone. That guy was saying that VR is dope like it's a fact. That's bullshit. I'm just saying that's it's not dope for everyone. Get out.
I ain't.
Yeah, they can enhance it with two new supercars, GTA$7,000,000 each. That's all, I'm afraid.
VR is dope for you. It's shit for other people.
Well it's obvious why.
Phone producers could get hundreds of millions of them and Nintendo can't due to huge shortage? Either Nintendo is very bad at negotiating or it's bullshit.
I literally have no idea what's going on there.
Console exclusives are good enough to have both.
Welcome to /r/futurology. Young, naive, stupid and optimistic.
We're not yet 100% certain that it would help, it could also increase other types of pollution. Diesel vehicles also have lower CO2 emissions, so do LPG/CNG vehicles.

I have nothing against electric vehicles, I just hate when people think that they're some magic and they should replace all ICE-powered cars in the next 5 years and the world will be absolutely clean then, failing to see their flaws. For now it's just another alternative type of vehicles, with their pros and cons.
Thanks for an honest answer.

However, best chance at what? Lowering CO2 emissions? There's a million other ways. Lowering other pollution? Could make it even worse.
Oh, so some rather small vote from 1999 makes the car legendary now? It's a shitty car, anyway.

God, I get it, you love French cars, probably driving a Peugeot or smth, but just stop pretending they're really meaningful in the scale of automotive industry. Again, there were a few great cars they've made, that's okay, doesn't give them a reputation of a great automotive nation.
2CV may be a legendary car in terms of pop culture, but it's a shitty car. Escape is just a van, it's far from being an automotive legend. If we count it this way, any country has a lot of legendary cars, but it's just not true. France is just pretty shitty at creating cars with a few exclusions.

I'm talking about quality and quantity. France was able to create a few great cars, while others were able to create dozens of times as many. Obviously France is worse at it.
Yeah, and there are no losses when power is delivered, no rare earth materials needed to use renewable energy sources, batteries are also produced out of color green and nothing else is needed? 

There is no magic in EVs, it's not as simple as which fuel burns cleaner.
And recycling is 100% pollution free and 100% of a battery is recycled? And it's easily scaleable and pretty cheap and could be set up in the whole world in a really short time? There are a lot, a lot of problems and indirect pollution when it comes to EVs, but hey, it has no tailpipe, so it must be clean!

Yeah, and power lines have no losses, and your battery is made out of rainbow and absolutely no CO2 emissions are generated when producing batteries. There is also no other types of pollution connected to battery production, like, lithium production is the cleanest industry in the world and totally doesn't involve any dangerous chemicals. Batteries also last forever and you never have to recycle them.
We still can't be sure if EVs are better for the environment or not.
Seriously, 2CV, Espace? This is everything France has? Let's face it, France only created a handful of great cars. Compare that to Italy/US/Germany/Japan, even GB.
Learn to read, man, then try reading your own point in the beginning of tough comment.

Also, check out CO2 emissions of diesel vehicles.
Oh, you just believe that people will magically choose EVs over ICE-powered cars, and the economy will do the magic, and then developing countries will just magically do the same? Too much dreaming in that.

EVs are a shitty choice for like 90% of people of people in the world, so I doubt it happens any time soon. Sure, we'll see more of them, electricity will become another viable type of fuel as gas or diesel, but they won't replace ICE-powered cars completely.
It also doesn't take into account diesel vehicles, which produce a fraction of CO2 of gas-powered vehicles, it also doesn't take into account other types of pollution caused by production of batteries, it doesn't take into account a lot of things.

Fact is, electric vehicles are no magic, they don't magically remove pollution, they change the nature of pollution, for better or worse. And they're still pretty impractical as cars.
Sources of electricity may become more efficient, but creation of batteries still requires mining/transportation, which not only produces a lot of CO2, but also pollutes local environment with chemicals and other nasty stuff.

Production of fossil fuels still becomes cleaner and cleaner every day, just like any other production. ICE-powered cars also get cleaner and cleaner. And let's not forget about diesel cars, which destroy electric cars in terms of CO2 footprint.
That PM article is cocky bullshit.

The research that you've linked seriously overestimates CO2 gram/mile for gasoline vehicles. And even with these numbers they get an equivalent of 30 MPG gas-powered cars in some states. And what about other countries? What about diesel/LPG/CNG?

Let's also not forget about other environmental impact from mining resources for batteries. And lithium is also not infinite, just like oil. And soon we'll have to recycle millions of tons of batteries.

Electric cars are a good alternative for gasoline cars for people living in the cities in developed countries and not driving too much, but they're much less suitable for the rest of the world and they surely don't qualify as a sole replacement for ICE-powered cars.
I've heard the risk is especially high for 100+ age group!
Also, water is wet.
>ICEs are going away in France by 2040. That's pretty darn soon.

That's just what they said they wanted to do, no legislation for that. People talk stuff all the time.

And gas is not getting more expensive fast enough to render gas-powered cars useless. They are also getting more efficient. Also, it's only really possible to use EVs in developed countries for now, but people in those countries don't tend to think about the rest of the world.

>EVs are superior to NGVs in that you're not using pressure vessels that can shoot a damaged valve through your upper body.

LPG cars don't use high-pressure tanks.

I like your hype about EVs and all, but people here on futurology always fail to see how their dreams about future work in real life. And we see the answer every day, everywhere. They don't. 90% of stuff posted here is dreamy shit which never comes true because it's not magic.
How am I contradicting my previous comment if I only added to it? Did you even read it? Do you have hard times understanding it?

Only the production of a battery for a car like Tesla produces more CO2 than Honda Civic running for 8 years. That's only the battery, without the car itself, without anything. It doesn't matter, even if the power in the grid is 100% clean, CO2 footprint of electric cars is still enormous, it's just not that straightforward, hence, nobody notices it.

And if you have to replace the battery on an EV even once, multiply those 8 years by two. Even if you don't have to do any maintenance at all.

LPG could be used for any car, my car is converted to be dual fuel. You just need to promote it. But why, when we could just promote EVs, failing to see any of their many flaws.
These are only emissions from the battery production. Power in the grid is also not really clean, sometimes you will have to replace batteries, things add up. Don't forget that you can convert gas-powered cars to LPG and cut their CO2 emissions by around 20%. In the end ICE-powered cars may have even lower CO2 footprint.
They're almost the only ones looking into this exact issue. The rest is as stupid as you are: "oh, we have EVs now, magic devices from the future which are made from rainbow and produce flowers!". Europe already tried to switch to diesel because it was supposed to be cleaner, turned out it's even worse.

ICE-powered vehicles are efficient, pretty clean, autonomous, have room for improvement and are not going away any time soon.

It's pretty clear who's the winner for you, but 99.9% of car owners in the world somewhy think differently. Do you even own a car?
[Here](https://www.nyteknik.se/fordon/stora-utslapp-fran-elbilarnas-batterier-6851761) you go. Link to the report's in the article.
Sure you know better than Swedish Environmental Research Institute.
Swedish Environmental Research Institute came to a same conclusion about electric cars, except they state the difference is 8 years of operation.
CO2 footprint of production of an electric vehicle = CO2 footprint of production of a gas-powered car + 8 years of operation.

In terms of CO2 electric cars are no better than ICE-powered cars.
You are a fucking idiot.

It doesn't matter where you get electricity. At all. So much CO2 is released when an electric car is **produced**. Even if it never runs. Because producing batteries is an extremely dirty process. Producing ICE-powered cars is a much cleaner process. So a gas-powered car has to run for 8 years to hit the same CO2 footprint as electric car had at the moment it was produced. 

Average lifespan of a car in US is 12 years or so. Convert your gas-powered car to LPG and you have a cleaner car than your electric one. And a much, much more practical one if your drive a lot.

And yes, average mpg is increasing for ICE-powered cars, check the stats.
Not true? It's a research done by Swedish Environmental Research Institute. You're claiming to be saving the world and you just ignore related research because you think otherwise? This is typical millennial ignorance.

8 years to compensate is very quickly to you? Some cars' lifespan is less than that, and it will only decrease with development of electric cars. And that's ignoring any possible replacement of batteries in your electric car and ignoring the fact that only a little amount of electricity in the world is CO2-low, ignoring the fact that batteries become incredibly inefficient when it's cold and other facts. Your green suppliers are only available in a few areas in a few countries.

And gas-powered cars are still becoming cleaner and cleaner.

Electric cars are not some wonder, they're cars. They have their pros, they have their cons. It's incredibly stupid to think that replacing all ICE-powered cars with electric ones will only do good. 
Valve can't even get their shit together with the interface of the Steam, how can we trust them on something as complex as a a custom OS-powered console?
You miss the point, the process of producing an electric car releases so much CO2, that you can produce your average Honda Civic and it will have to drive around for like 10 years to get to the same level of CO2 as an electric car did immediately after its production. 

And that doesn't take into account CO2 from production of electricity to charge your car.

Sure, diesel's shit, I don't know why Europe decided that they should switch to that, but regular gas cars are actually pretty clean. They also come as hybrids.

And that is only ecological point of view. Gas-powered cars are better than electric almost in everything.
So it's okay if it pollutes elsewhere? Producing electric cars releases much more carbon than producing gas cars. Use public transportation.
It may not sound pleasant to you, but in no way it is outdated. That's like arguing that Phil Collins is outdated, it will never be the case.
It could work for other people, right? We were generally talking about people living in big cities. 

Again, it might be more ecologically friendly for you to buy a gas car with a smaller engine, especially a used one. Because in order to justify that extremely polluting manufacturing of an electric car, I guess you'd have to drive it quite a lot.
EU already tried to switch from gas to diesel cars. Turned out they're worse! Time to switch to electric cars, just to find out they're worse too.
No shit, Sherlock.
Such person might as well just use public transport because producing electric vehicles is incredibly polluting. Or buy a cheap gas car with a small engine, its CO2 footprint with low usage would still be lower than such of an electric car.
So you're paying for other people's electric cars?
You need to have a place to charge. Acceleration is only better from launch. Expensive to fix if they break down. Impossible to fix yourself.
What about producing electric cars in the first place?
Because electric cars are magically made out of rainbow.
They drive them in the south, in the city. In the north they exclusively use ICE-powered cars.

It is a golf cart. Which requires HUGE amounts of carbon released just to produce it.
It won't be illegal, in 15 years electric cars won't be able to become as practical as gas cars are today. Their usage may become somewhat limited, but gas cars will be with us for a while more.
You also have to come back, so you can only drive 100 miles away from your home. Also, it's not like quick charge takes a minute. Gas cars are still much, much more practical.
Gas cars don't really produce a lot of carcinogens and are faster than electric cars.
Honestly, Tesla is a good car for an EV, but a meh car overall.
These are, like, all good cars that they've created in the last 100 years or so. Italians create equal amount of great cars in a year.
So you're not a car enthusiast.
So yeah, driving a gas car kills people, driving an electric car saves the world. Good thinking!
Yeah, sure, in a I4 Toyota Corolla. Not so much in a V8 Challenger.
But how will we create new classics?
It's not a knock-off, it's just an action camera.
Do you have a carrier version or an unlocked one, Exynos or Snapdragon? Something could be wrong, my S7 is buttery smooth.
It's not sold in US, I think (except imported ones), it doesn't support some 4G frequencies and it could come with a Chinese rom.

So, regarding roms, any Chinese phone has a Chinese rom and an international rom. Chinese one will also feature English language, but half of it would still be in Chinese, and they also usually don't feature Google apps.

It's pretty easy to change the rom, but you just have to be ready for it. You should check in advance if this particular phone  model has an international rom available for it (most popular phones do) and you can ask your seller about type of rom in the phone.

Check your carrier's and that phones supported 3G/4G frequencies.

And be ready to dig into the settings. For example, Xiaomi will have some problems with notifications, but they will completely disappear after a few tweaks, which are very easy to find on the internet.

Other than that, you'll get a really good phone, with pretty good specs and a nice design for a pretty low price. You also also check out Huawei, Meizu and other Chinese brands, but Xiaomi has most decent budget phones, in my opinion.

Good luck!
We all liked Symbian OS, it's a pity it left us so soon:(

You don't really have to spend A LOT to get a decent Android phone. You can get Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 for like $200 and it will be pretty good at everything. But that depends on where you're living, because it's clearly not made for US.

However, for the very best experience of course it's better to get a flagship, but prices for them are ridiculously high.
Man, I wasn't the one claiming that TouchWiz is an abortion, sending links to stupid articles and stuff and then running around downvoting your every comment in this thread. It's just cute that you're trying to prove yourself that your 3-year old iPhone is any good.

And look up Geekbench 4 benchmarks yourself, okay? Check the top for iOS, find iPhone 7+, check the top for Android, find that the total score for iPhone 7+ is around the same as Samsung S8+, which is 7th in the top, I guess.
Most mid-low end phones from 2013 were unusable. They all went a really long way, today you don't even need a flagship anymore.
You probably understand that Nokia N and Android phones are just too different to compare their specs or anything. Android needs much more resources, but it is also a really powerful and versatile OS.

And yeah, new phones are orders of magnitude faster. Android became much more efficient, SoCs went a long way.

You should try getting a newer phone if you have a chance, it will be a whole new experience. If you care about it, of course.
Exactly! I never liked old TouchWiz that much because of the looks, even though is wasn't as bad as everyone else was complaining, but the phones were always pretty good. Now, Samsung phones are just the best on the market. I've tried everything and I always come back to Samsung as my daily.
iPhone's 7 benchmark is lower than top 6 Android phones, even though it's a stupid idea to compare benchmarks across platforms. 

I'm not even talking about your 6, which was meh even when it was new. And RAM, what is it, like 1GB? Great! But why would you care, your phone doesn't have multitasking anyway. 

And what are the rest of the specs? Average camera? Cheap aluminium without any reinforcement? No wireless charging? No NFC? No waterproofing? 720p display? Your phone is from 2011.

And it's funny that you think that iOS doesn't slow down your phone because your animations are twice as slow as loading times on Android, so you'll never notice anyway.

And those articles you've sent are just cute. What, you think iPhone 7 doesn't have a stuttering problem? It does. And older iPhones become really slow pretty fast. Yes, they update phones for years, so new OS becomes just too much for old phones to handle and they become unresponsive pieces of shit. Same with the iPad, even though I like it so much.

You may think everything you want but the reality is that you pay a flagship price for a phone which is outdated at launch. iPhone is a joke today, and so are you with your reasoning.
You're a joke, man.
If all phones were slow, none of the phones were slow? That was just the standard back in the day.
Your iPhone is a bloated abortion compared to Samsung.
No, it doesn't.
Samsung phones are really fast and responsive today. Honestly, they weren't that slow previously too.
Never experienced such problems, 105+ outside now.
Exactly, that's comparing apples and oranges, that's comparing urban hell and a so-so neighborhood in a western city. 
Try making a silicone chip out of paper.
Hey, you can even use public transport in a town and not use your car at all! But for those rare long trips, your electric car is pretty much useless.
I don't own a laptop, so I guess I'm still more environmentally friendly even though a have an ancient gas car.
EU was extremely stupid to push for diesel cars, honestly.
If you're still talking about power, a good tractor engine produces less power than an engine in a good SUV.

Farm vehicles use diesel engines just because it's their best bet because of torque and range and nothing will change it for a while more.
Diesel cars are less powerful than petrol, they have more torque.
It was obvious for so many years and it was incredibly stupid to push for diesel cars in the first place.
And your laptop was produced from CO2 using nothing but power of mind or it's a box of plastic and rare metal crap? 

At least petrol cars are not made to be thrown away in two years.
Welcome to 2002, Nintendo!
Just compare NYC to large cities in less developed countries? People wish they lived in NYC in the 80s/90s, just as they do now.
That's a bit far-fetched, isn't it?
They made it brown, actually. It's made out of copper, so it changed color with time.
Alternatively you can get a phone which can at least crop pictures for $1000.
That's why you're not the marketing guy.
And those in the corner?
There are different apps for your phone, you know.
I wish we had all the old tracks back.
ITT: people post extremely well-known and much appreciated bands and say that they're underappreciated.
So it's better to just release the trailer quietly and screw the hype?
Nintendo fans are the worst. It has no games, *literally*, get over it.
I hope you're joking.
People have different needs. Some people need more than 100 hp because they live in the mountains or drive on the highways or whatever. Some people need a $1000 phone because they actually need a very good camera or a powerful phone or anything.

But then, even if it's a luxury there's nothing wrong with it. Sure, I can do most of the same stuff on a $300 phone, but a more expensive phone obviously does it better. If someone wants to buy a $1000 phone, there's nothing wrong with that.
Do you live in one room, without any paint on the walls, you pee outside, you walk and never use any vehicles, you eat insects for protein? Everything else is a luxury.
What, 1-2 Switch or Bomberman? Obviously, I am exaggerating and that is exactly why I used literally, because Zelda was the only actual game that was available at launch.
Apple products.
It's exactly the word I was looking for.
Very rarely you need more than 100 hp from your car, but sometimes you actually do and it's nice to have more.
He'll never gonna give us up.
Maybe it's a used first gen with shattered screen and not working charging port? I mean, it's obvious that if you bought it on contract, you didn't really pay $25 for it.
Wow, that's a strange, but great deal.
Yeah, should've been shooting with that 1991 Motorola.
Some of us need better camera, more RAM for multitasking, a lot of stuff. You won't pay, someone will.
Note 8 will be out soon!
Yeah, I also don't envy girls with expensive  handbags because I'm a man and I don't need one.
They're are cars which cost $400k, there could be a phone which costs $1k.

Also, yeah, probably anyone else in the whole world has that issue, you're not special.
Did you literally buy it for $25 or is it a contract or smth?
Of course, it was literally the only game available for the console at launch.
I get it, you're /r/iamverysmart and all, but can't you see this car's rims are 30-fucking-inches large? It qualifies perfectly. And *of course* racing this type of cars is an objectively stupid idea.
I guess Nintendo is using the same box for all those fake "my wife got me a Switch and the only two games available for it!" pictures.
I'm not calling any game perfect, I'm saying that Andromeda is a shitty one.
Will we ever see the end of stupid Switch pictures?
So racing donks is absolutely normal in your opinion? 
Chatpads are available for PS4 too.
They are among the consoles.
That's a good joke about Andromeda!
Well OnePlus performance well anyway.
We'll LG certainly doesn't make better phone than LeEco. Their phones don't massively die from bootloops, at least.
u tred
Another platform arrived!
He means the basement, I think.
TL;DR: It's actually just a mini-console.
What, he is unusual to have eyes?
Doesn't look like a police car.
It looks almost exactly as the house from FO4! Great job!
I personally don't like The Killers, but honestly, I have nothing against them, I respect them and recognize  them as great musicians. 

I just think that Jet doesn't deserve all the hate they're getting. Sure they're not groundbreaking, but they're not awful either. They have a dozen of good tunes. Not every band is a revolution. Some are just solid. Jet is there, I guess.
Have you tried doing some maintenance? Replacing air filter and cleaning injectors at least? It's not a V8, but it shouldn't be too weak to go up a hill.

If you still need more power then getting a V8 LC is probably the cheapest way.
You've just confirmed you are dumb.
I wasn't accusing anyone, I just noted that alternative became mainstream and it was kind of stupid. That fact. I think you're stupid now though.
I hate them. Any 2017 car would have been an instant classic in terms of looks if not for the fins. Fins are ugly.
You just may be dumb.
Alternative was so popular it was mainstream at that point, that's really stupid.
People are stupid. It's cool to hate something, so why question it?
It's a lie basically. While some of their songs may sound kind of similar to other songs, it's not an out-of-this-world thing in music. They didn't blatantly steal songs, they were inspired by them.

Jet is not the best band in the world, but the hate is absolutely stupid.
Mr. Brightside sounds like shit to me and I hate the band, yet I hear them all the time, everywhere. I wish everyone just played Jet instead of them.
I don't know, I love them, I don't get all the hate. They might not be the best bands in the world but they're definitely solid.
The why discuss unbelievable price. $70 is pretty steep for a small box of nostalgia. If it's okay for you, that's great, but unbelievable price?
You can get an unknown brand's console that will play NES, SNES and Sega games from SD card for like $40. So it's a meh price.
What's even more strange is that it has UK plates, and not even international ones.
So 35GB of sounds out of 48GB total size is totally okay for you?
Is it that much of an innovation though? Honestly, I've tried new iPads and I don't even see the difference.

Meanwhile, iPhone Plus has a pretty shitty resolution and I can clearly see it.

Meanwhile, Android manufacturers are pushing waterproofing, infinity displays, wireless charging, other means of unlocking your phone besides fingerprints, multitasking, sophisticated cameras, smartwatches, tons of stuff. Apple stopped innovating a while ago, people have to shake off that memory. They're only trying to keep up now.
00's actually have their own personality and 10's also. You're just used to them.

00's generally started after the 9/11, the world changed a lot after that. War on terrorism, switch to the modern world, rise of computers, music started to change to how we know it today, rise of R&B, financial stability, environment protection became a much more serious thing.

They've ended around '08 with the financial crisis, which also redefined a lot of stuff. The gap between rich and poor started to increase, we see the rise of a lot of human rights movements (stupid or not), hipsters, hispter music, hip-hop music almost disappeared, the most popular movies are superhero ones, the world's opinion about gays/transgenders started to change and it becomes a normal thing, also a new cold war is starting.
Of course you can't name it, because it won't happen on a normal market. It can't happen for years.

You could believe anything you want but I can tell you that this is absolutely not a normal situation, prices are deflated and soon we'll probably face a deficit and they'll rise.

And I'll just stop at this point.
That was almost a decade ago, now iPhone has the worst dpi among high-end phones. What is Apple pushing now? Absence of headphone jacks?
I'm referring to the opinion that 90's as a cultural phenomena ended with 9/11, not to the method of counting decades.
But the nineties ended in 01!
What makes you a human? An ability to post shit on Reddit?
It's not like there's any overreaction and it's actually pretty funny. Just as most other submissions to this sub lately.
This gif is optimized as well as sound files in the first Titanfall.
It's a stupid and obvious question, but honestly, do you have kids?
I have a headphone jack in my phone.
You're a genius because you found out you could repost 1000-year-old unfunny jokes for karma.
I like that the world could really unite against worst cases of injustice.
Maybe you could enter more of your personal info get to 120%? Please?
So you would like to pay for the rest of his life in prison, in better conditions than some of people live in? Or you'll prefer him to be released in a few years?

He isn't a human after he's done something like this. We could argue for eternity on what makes us people, but he's already proven he's less human than any animal to me. And I just wish he dies in the worst way possible.
Apple pushing something? You're joking, right?
Everybody hates them.
Inhumane? He's not even a human at this point.
They're not stockpiling it anymore and surely it's cheap to store it.
You can't just sell as much as you want. You have limitations, even just physical ones. Your pipeline could only transport a given amount of helium. Hence, others have to buy from other sources and it's much more expensive.

And of course it's not a regular situation. Name one market where a single company could sell its product twice as cheap as everyone else, basically below any possible cost of production, for years and without going out of business? That's just stupid.
The price should be much, much higher. Their only goal was to repay their debt and they already did it, so they don't care about the price at all now. They might as well just give it away for free. But gladly recently they've started to adjust their price (increase it basically) to make the market more competitive.
Goddamnit. You just don't get it, do you? You read that article on wired or somewhere and think you understand economics now? I'm tired explaining you the same thing over and over again and watch you embarrass yourself. Let's just stop.
It's okay if things are hard to understand. It happens. You can just skip them.
They counted their stockpiling cost years ago, their current price doesn't even reflect that.
Helium offered by everyone else is exactly the same but more expensive. And it is still being bought, because US has a limited supply. Evergone can't just buy from US reserve. So, some buyers pay twice as much for exactly the same helium. 

Also, even US itself has different prices. There's price on helium that they sell from the reserves, then they also sell part of it from an auction, and the price is logically higher, then there's price on US-produced helium, which is also higher. This is not a regular market situation.
I get that you're kind of stupid, you can just quit.
You're wrong because you're wrong. 

Reality is much more than you see right now. Fair value is also reality. Current price doesn't represent it. It doesn't represent this part of reality, if you wish.
There are not at least 2 offers. There is at least a hundred offers, and they're are all more or less the same, because these
producers have to actually produce the stuff.

Then there's only one offer which is significantly lower because that producer is selling his stuff at the price that his dog told him to yesterday. And he's not even producing it, he has it stockpiled. And that reserve is running out fast, much faster than the price is rising, so it's not balanced out and soon we'll face a deficit. 

Then the production will rise, and only then we'll see a market price that more or less represents fair value. US is an outlier right now, and it realizes it itself and takes measures to change it. Like, you don't even have to prove it, they're saying it themselves.
Fair value is not just the cost of obtaining it, it also includes risks, return on capital, lots of stuff.

The cubic meter of dirt under your house is no different than cubic meter of dirt anywhere else. So the fair value of dirt is nothing. Anyone could get it basically for free.

But if dirt from under the houses was different and you actually had to tear down your house to get some dirt, then yes, fair value would be a million bucks. The imagine I was selling it for $20, even though it's a million for anyone else to get it. Of course my price doesn't represent fair value.
It is not reflected by supply, since the reserve is running out faster than the price is rising. Once it's empty, it won't be great since no private company could match the price as low as now, so they're not even producing. It will take time to increase production and during that time, as short as it might be, we will face a deficit.

US sets its price according to how it decided to repay the debt dozens of years ago, not according to current market situation. Market doesn't consist of US only. And they've recently started to change the way the prices are formed.
The problem is that current price is not only lower than economic value, it's even lower than market value. No private company can match the current price because of the way US sets it.
I didn't said they're not real, I've said that they don't relfect reality. Like, true market picture.

It's like how much LeBron's worth can't be used as an estimate for a fair pay for an average basketballer specifically because he's an outlier. Same stuff here. 

I just wanted to say that that guy above is right in his logic.
That's my job, man. True value and market price *are* often different things.
US sells half it it's helium from the reserve and price is set accordingly to a 50-year-old act with some minor adjustments. Price of helium from private companies is a better representation of the true value and it's much higher.
The real value is the real value. Like, what it costs to extract it, refine it, store it, deliver it, etc. US now sells its helium cheaper than that.
Except it *is* artificially deflated. US doesn't set its price according to the market. They've recently started to change it, but they're not there yet. Prices are low exactly because the US government sets them like this.
You're confusing price and value. Current price doesn't represent true value, that's all.
Market price is lowered, but real value could be different from that, especially in this case. As soon as this seller's influence on the market stops, prices will immediately rise, reflecting the true value. Value wasn't lowered, price was.
If you artificially inflate/deflate prices, they do not represent the true value of a good, hence they do not reflect reality.
I'm glad you've hidden their faces, FBI is coming for them!
It's not about 6K, it's about how powerful X1X is and how well it will run at 4K.
You never know if they were truly on your side or no. What they've done to GTA shows the opposite.
ITT: paranoia
Oh, hey, Mr. President!
Why would you do this?
...which would immediately get covered in bacteria anyway.
Well, it was supposed to be it, they openly said that.
EVERY HUMAN HAS A RIGHT TO HAVE ITS NAILS PROPERLY MAINTAINED.
This is pointless. Looks like promotion.
And people fucking told me "the updates are free!" every fucking time.
I feel sorry for your kids.
You can buy even two, but you're generating pointless garbage with it. And they produce millions of them. I guess you're​ too busy thinking about my motivation.
It's dogshit now.
$30 is like $15 too much for a game as old and as grindy.
What if it's not a manufacturer defect, it just broke down? German cars are especially prone to that.
Yeah, good luck getting a new one in two years after your battery dies.

What, you can't travel with a 1mm thicker laptop? Bullshit.
What? Do you also think that a car should only be repaired in official manufacturer services forever? And that one faulty decorative panel should mean they're replacing the whole interior?
Battery won't last forever.
It was his plan all along, now they have less money to fund terrorism.
4K HD AND ULTRA HDR ENHANCED FOR BETTER GRAPHICS
You don't realize how consoles work at all. No, equal PC can't handle equal stuff. And $300 could buy you another console.
It's really hard to explain to consumers. Now it's a family of Xbox One consoles:

* Xbox One - older and cheaper one.
* Xbox One S - newer one with more features.
* Xbox One X - 4k version.

It's hard to position "Scorpio" within that family for an average consumer.
Yeah, try explaining an average consumer that despite it's a "whole new" console, it still has full backwards compatibility. It's much easier to brand it as a 4k version of an Xbox One.

Also, when PS5 is out, you're in shit, because suddenly you are one generation behind, that's how people will see it. Xbox One X may be at the same level as PS5, it's hard to tell from the name and that is good.
It was a joke, but there are quite a lot of people who take this whole idea a bit too seriously.
Yes it is.

It's easier to market it. Easier to explain to customers that it's one console family. Letter X looks powerful to an average consumer. Xbox One is a brand they already know. Easier to explain differences. Even easier to fit into promotion materials since it takes equal amount of space. It's a great name in terms of marketing.
4k is roughlty four times the work.
And have you seen how Forza 7 looks? Do you think your PC will be able to handle it at 4k60 with dynamic weather and everything?
KB+m is a shitty combination for games, imo.

Anyway, your PC sounds really powerful, have you tried 8k? Or maybe mining bitcoins?

Anything could run CSGO on 4k60, could it run newer games, like Forza?
So you have a $100 more expensive PC, that's without a controller, and it has an RX480? And you're targetting 4k in newer games?
It is better.
Are you serious now?
PC gamers are cancer.
Depends on what you love. Xbox for plug&play, PC for fucking around.
It's a shitty name for marketing.
Your $500 PC outperforms XB1X? Show us the specs.
It doesn't look as a huge improvement over Forza 6 though.
Crash Bandicoot FTW!
This period of events is no more bizarre than any other.
Lie about your previous salary.
This is like a weekly tip.
Manual? So you, like, spin pedals for engine to work?
It really is, though, and their games feel as old as the engine is, and miss features and suck in many areas because of it.
...how imaginative Bethesda engineers have to be to keep creating games on a 20-year-old engine.
What, you have 3 pedals in your car? Is it some higher level trim?
Reddit is really into recycling. Why produce new stuff when you can repost old.
So, turns out the internet planned the attack?
Why futurology?
Wow, somebody still plays GTA V.
This is the best color option there could possibly be for this car. Looks gorgeous!
Matte black looks ugly to me:(
I don't carry a powerbank around because I hate them, I don't have 30 minutes to be glued to the charger, neither I want to carry that shit around with me. I also want a high-end phone. I can't have it all at the same time. You tell me I don't use the phone correctly?

Most people I know have the same problem and wish batteries were larger.

Most people in the internet wish batteries were larger. I understand this is probably not even 10% of the client base, but surely it's enough to produce phone with larger batteries, right? I was happy that S7 was less slim than S6, but had a larger battery and I wish more companies moved in that direction.

And battery is not only about density, it's about both size and density.

And phones don't get a lot of new features lately, they mostly lose them.
10 minutes won't give you 1000 mAh more which some phones offer. And for those 10 minutes of quick charging, you'd have to carry around your charger whole day. Isn't it more convenient to make a 0.2mm thicker phone, but with a battery that will last for day?
You need to be glued to the charger for this hour or carry around a powerbank.

And no, 15-30 minutes of charging is often not enough for a super heavy user. I'm not even talking about travelling.

Companies are removing jacks because they claim there's not enough space, but they don't squeeze larger batteries there. The space is wasted. I'm sure at least a quarter of users would even sacrifice a bit of slim design in favour of a larger battery.
And spoil my great audio system with shitty Bluetooth quality? No, thanks. 

I also use Bluetooth for hands-free in my car, it can't use both, I guess.
A phone without a jack is useless as a music player in most of the cars 

I am not going to replace my car and my headphones just because of stupid fashion, I'll just buy an S8. It is an issue for a lot of people.
Apple did it to earn stupid money, why everyone else does it?
Not everyone could find an additional hour a day to charge a phone.
I wanted it really badly until I saw it has no 3.5mm jack. Bye, Essential!
Was it ever a thing for Nintendo?
Any period of history is equally important, the fact that you live in a given one doesn't make it any more significant.
Revolutionary!
I'm sorry but Lenovos are rubbish, no wonder they broke down.
I agree it has it's problems, but it's still better than complete absence of any persuasion/haggling in Skyrim. It just had to be nerfed.
Anything is good for such casual usage.

Which Windows laptops did you have? I have an opposite story. I really loved my MacBook Pro, but I can't really use it anymore, while same age Windows laptop is still as good as new.
Off to a free adult life!
If you have two monitors you can watch two videos at 2x speed simultaneously!
If Americans would walk instead of driving, US would immediately realize 15000% of its greenhouse gas reduction targets.
Same price Windows laptop will be much more future-proof in terms of power, will be upgradeable and will be of same or close quality. New MacBook Pro is a joke.
This guy doesn't report hours of work or nights without sleep, does he even have a job?
It's a high average.
How can't it be self-reported?
Their video sucks. Same price Windows laptop would destroy a MacBook.
It's a shitty old joke and it's not even funny with this shitty new console.
I also really like the persuasion mini game and I really miss it in Skyrim, breaks immersion for me.
Xiaomi doesn't really need it for now.
I am serious. It's a good camera, but objectively worse than any other flagship on the market. Same applies to its video stabilization.
But reneweable energy is also not abolutely harmless? Sure, wind/solar produce no waste but introduce new problems. Renewable also doesn't scale that easily. I think the best option for us now is to combine nuclear/renewable, it would be incredibly clean and quite future-proof.

The main problem with nuclear is public panic.
Why is it so uplifting? Nuclear power is also clean, it's not coal, after all.
US' 52nd state is actually located on Mercury.
What are the stats?
THIS IS ABSOLUTELY UNACCEPTABLE FOR A HUMAN COMMUNITY WHAT IF OUR FELLOW HUMAN BEINGS MISTAKE US FOR ROBOTS TRAITOR MUST BE RENDERED BANNED
Hyundai is still a joke, honestly.
Switch won't last for 6 hours anyway, it's no Vita.
/r/gifsthatendtoosoon
You can still document crimes, I guess.
How long does the battery last with Skyrim?
But portable Skyrim is only available* on Switch, that's what I was reading on all websites lately!

*not really available
I really like the windshield/side windows line on all Koenigseggs.
They really suffer from that blue light radiation!
MY HUMAN JOINTS NEED SOME GREASE NOW.
The kitten is obviously a saboteur.
I would be happy if they stopped stripping away features we already have.
You can have auto mode that turns on itself on Android if your car has Bluetooth.
You were asleep for the last ten years or so, right?
Why would you buy a phone without such basic feature?
Non-smart stuff. Without internet connection, touchscreens and voice recognition.
Abortion is not murder.
If it becomes more tasty and less expensive and will provide same nutrition.
Average cruising height of an airliner is like three times larger than average ocean depth.
And people fight against nuclear energy, how stupid is that.
I thought you had to do the whole list. I see I was wrong. Thanks!
The list that I see in the comments is much more than just a street race, it even includes a couple of multiplayer races. If you don't have time for that, you don't get the Porsche, you'll have to buy it. So you either have to invest time (and right now, as this is a limited offer) or money, which is not exactly free.
If the answer is YES it is acceptable to be anxious/upset for more than 5 minutes.
Is there a chance that sun will start orbiting the fidget spinner instead of Earth?
It's not really free, it's freemium, right?
You may be gay, but not a homo.
I need a TL;DR for this TL;DR.
It's not good, it's [incredible](https://youtu.be/y_S7Wa2EC3M).
What makes you think so?
How do you know she's an American citizen?
iPhone 7 has a shitty camera compared to other flagships. Especially in terms of stabilization.
You have a shitty phone then.
Have you tried out stabilization on newer flagships? It's incredible.
Just get a newer flagship phone.
F
Honestly, many newer smartphones could stabilize like that. It looks like strong digital stabilization.
Newer phones' stabilization is really good.
Phones are much older than mobile phones.
MY AGE IS CURRENTLY 0 SECONDS. HUMAN HEART BATTERY REPLACEMENT REQUIRED.
SORRY BUT THIS HUMAN DIALOGUE CANNOT BE SKIPPED.
SORRY BUT THIS HUMAN DIALOGUE CANNOT BE SKIPPED.
I ALSO HAVE A REAL HUMAN AGE.
Doesn't seem simple to me. It takes more actions than if it was just in the swipe-to-the-left menu. There's also no tutorial for it, so you wouldn't even know.
Are you stupid or are you joking?
Yes. It's not that simple currently.
It's you're
Political news made this subreddit shit.
To send a friend TIL or a showerthought or an article's name without sending the whole thread. I would love that feature too.
Most of them have always-on screens, so you don't have to turn them on to see the time. Don't get a watch without always-on. You also don't need to install any of the stuff you've mentioned, but some features are actually pretty handy. I have a smartwatch and it works perfectly as a watch.
All smartwatches do this. They also look like a watch, unlike Pebble.
Bluetooth drags down battery life? Which phone do you have?
I don't really like him as a presenter though.
They are actually pretty useful.
It's a pity, Apple Watch is dogshit compared to Android Wear.
What's is it with /r/Music that everyday somebody posts an extremely popular song and it gets thousands of upvotes? Is it like a free karma machine?
Not if you could bend the laws of physics.
BASICALLY WON QUALIFICATION
LPT: If you own a GoPro, sell it and buy any other action camera. You'll get more value per money and your camera wouldn't die without reason.
Take AOSP, add some GApps and there you go - Pixel rom. The joke was that this sub has a huge circlejerk on stock Android.
Close enough.
What's the problem?
If you want to switch from iOS, you best bet would probably be Samsung, by the way.
But no, nothing could be better than AOSP!
Russian spy game is on a whole new level.
So 1880s is not previously, 1880s is right now?
Your source proves my point?
>In the Progressive Era from the 1880s to the 1920s, reformers frequently blamed lobbyists as corrupting politics.

The whole article is about how there always was lobbying in US.
These are smartphone sales, it has little to do with Android/iOS. Google earns its money on services, hence higher market share is more important for them. Android is winning the market right now.
You can lock your diff, what's the problem? Toyota advises not to use chains on front axle on IFS cars.
It is written in the manual. Toyota often advises to use chains only on rear wheels of a 4x4 car.
BE HUMBEL.
You could swear on the internet, you know.
Nope, pretty much the same as everyone else. I've yet to see two iPhones with same displays.
Maple Gold looks like dirty gold to me. I wish they kept S7 colors.
The camera is not that great? It's probably second-best in the world, if not the best. Certainly better than on an iPhone 7.
It isn't.
No phones have same screens. Choose two same phones of any manufacturer and their screens will be slightly different.
If you set up a few things, you'll get notifications instantly.
Longer exposures are not that good for stars, they'll move too much.
So there wasn't too much money in the politics previously?
Where did you find that 10% info?

Also, a run for its money is not really connected to money.
Sometimes even /s is not enough.
https://discussions.apple.com/thread/7691303?start=75&tstart=0

http://www.iphonehacks.com/2016/10/iphone-7-plus-poor-image-quality.html

http://forums.imore.com/iphone-7/379487-poor-quality-photos-iphone-7-watercolour-effect.html

https://www.reddit.com/r/apple/comments/57jsrx/poor_picture_quality_on_iphone_77_plus/

https://forums.macrumors.com/threads/bad-picture-quality-on-iphone-7-7.2011989/

You can find such threads about any phone, of course it's more objective than DxOMark.
Unfortunately, still not as incredible as fossil fuels on larger scale than phones.
Do you really need Doze when most manufacturers have their own battery saving techniques? Battery life on Xperia Z5 became shit when they updated it to MM, I wish they just ignored it.

UI updates? Google adds things after they are already present in most of the skins. Same with system optimization. Why does it take so long to update phones? Because they optimize them.

I don't get the hysteria about version updates.
I've owned Xperia Z2 and Xperia Z5, I've also used C5 and M4 a lot. While Z2 was mediocre, Z5 was truly one of the best shooters on the market. You're not into photography if you can't see that.

And no, Priv doesn't have better camera than iPhone 7. It has roughly the same camera as iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s, that's it.

DxOMark is the best way to compare cameras, you just can't point at incosistency there. Where is it? In that they choose default settings for testing? That they actually show meaningful technical apsects? That they always use same tests for all phones? Camera reviews that you linked earlier are pure shit on the level of "oh, I think this shit looks more better than that one".

God, this sub is something.
Security updates are not the same as Android updates, are they? Asus are pretty good with security updates, from what I've heard.
You're kidding me? Those are the only shitty examples that guy bases his opinion on? Xperia's default setting is 8MP. First, DxOMark usually tests cameras with default settings, and this is the best way to do it. Second, this is the best setting there is for Xperias, the in they consistently make best shots at.
DxOMark are very consistent. They use same methodology, they explain precisely what they tested and what do those scores mean. They are the only website that objectively tests phone cameras.

Xperia cameras are not mediocre, they are actually very good, pretty low noise, fantastic stabilization, a lot of stuff. iPhone cameras are becoming mediocre, that's true.

This sub also thinks that iPhone is the fastest and just the best phone in the market.
Priv gets the same DxOMark score as iPhones 6, 6 Plus and 6s. Camera comparisons don't get more objective than DxOMark.
Apple responding fast? Like with the touch disease?
Well I think that stock Android sucks, and I really like different skins.
Why would you give a fuck which version of Android you have if it's customized anyway?
What's the problem with that?
It's the thrill of the fight!
On the dreams of the past
Seems that only millionaires and terrorists could get US citizenship.
"So I want another head on top of my head".
They're not mutually exclusive.
It will allow to use larger apps. But I guess they will lift the limit for more RAM.
Yeah, forgot about that. It's overpriced too though.
Forgot about Pixel. But honestly, it's as overpriced as an iPhone.
To keep a lot of apps in the background. Not to open them again every time you use more than four-five apps.
Man, it looks like you did virtually nothing throughout the whole day. Any phone will last long with such usage patterns.
Well they can't upgrade it in a week, and there's no need too.
I think nobody charges $100 to double the storage except Apple.
I have 3GB and it's not enough. My S7 has 4GB and that's not really enough too.
8GB is better than 6 anyway. You find no use, others will.
Because Apple users generally don't care about how stuff works. The bump in RAM was noticeable. I would like my next phone to have at least 6 gigs.
The more the better!
To be like Apple, no other reason.
Why, HTC, why. You won't earn money from fucking Type-C like Apple does with it's lightning. There's literally no reason for it except the stupid trend. Godamnit you're stupid, HTC.
Why all comments here are removed?
Maybe that's why he dances.
I won't list you anything, but honestly, it's hard to think of any new phones made of plastic. Xiaomi Mi 5 is like $350, Redmi Note 4 is like $150, ZTE Axon 7 is like $350, Oppo F1 is like $250, Meizu MX6 is like $300. I'm sure there's more, that's just out of head. They're all metal, some of them have good cameras, some have pretty great. If you raise the bar to $450-$500, you can find phones, which are not only metal, but also have better specs than a $800-$900 iPhone, and they will feature top-notch cameras.
Is it correct shade of orange tho
Any? What does iPhone have, except processor, that is better than any midrange Android phone?
My point is that there's no sense in switching to a $800 Android iPhone, if an Android Android has same hardware features for $300.
Hey, it's always nice to see someone who wouldn't just smash that downvote button, but would actually post some thoughts! Regarding your points:

1. Even a 5.5" 1080p display is a bit rough, but I can clearly see pixels on a 4.7" iPhone. 720p in 2017 is very bad. The screen on S7 is just a whole new experience, honestly. It does degrade battery life though, that's right.
2. S7 and S8 are both IP68. You can actually use them underwater.
3. Fast charging uses higher voltage. It could charge something like 3k mAh in an hour, if not faster. Difference is definitely noticeable.
4. Wireless charging is inefficient, but it's very convenient. Place a charging plate on your desk, it looks nice and takes less than a second to start charging your phone. There's also fast wireless charging now.
5. A lot of people use headphones a lot, there are a lot of problems with Bluetooth headphones. I charge phone and listen to music in the car all the time, and again, I'm not alone in that. I wouldn't change my car because of my phone. What's worse, the only reason they've removed the jack is to promote their own accessories and earn royalties off of lightning accessories sales.
6. Curved displays are just for the looks, no practical sense in them. Just give you a feeling of an infinity ​display, which is nice.
7. It's just space wasted on nothing, same with Pixel. The phone could've been smaller or it could've had a larger display.
8. If we talk about attack vectors, we should strip the phone of any connectivity options. It's just incredibly convenient to have an NFC. My current Xiaomi doesn't have one, and it's a pain in the ass.
9. In order for the iPhone to work smooty with low RAM, it's restricted from doing stuff in the background. There's no magic, optimization can't make things better without sacrificing something. It's noticeable when you're a heavy user.
10. Camera isn't bad, it's actually better than average, but it's not as good as it's supposed to be in a phone this expensive. All it's competitors have better cameras.
11. I thought it was fast before I tried newer Chinese phones. They're so fast they don't even show you the lockscreen.
12. I just think that it's lazy design. I believe that iPhone 6 wasn't the best design on the first place, and they made little effort to change it in three years. It looks old now. And it's subjective, but in my opinion, it doesn't look nice.
13. iPhone costs around $600-$1000 off contract and contracts are mostly popular in US. iPhone is one of the most expensive phones on the market, and while it certainly isn't a bad phone, it performs like a phone, which should cost around $300-$400. The rest is premium.
So basically same as most midrange to high-end Android phones?
I also loved that New York circuit, it was kind of stupid, but I wish they bring it back.
It's impossible to edit titles on Reddit, I think.
No, man, why? You'll just get a midrange extremely overpriced Android phone.
What's so beautiful about its hardware?
There's a new BlackBerry, and it's very nice.
Everything, except it's processor. Screen resolution is bad, waterproofing is worse than Samsung, no fast charging, no wireless charging, no headphone jack, no curved displays, huge bezels, no usable NFC, mediocre RAM, average camera. Fingerprint sensor is slower than in my current $200 Xiaomi. Design didn't change for 3 years. I honestly don't know what makes people pay $800+ for it, except Apple's marketing.
Here, take this \
You should really stop raging over some shit like Hyundai. Open-mindness is in the ability to accept the fact that different people could have different opinions. My opinion is that that Hyundai is shit.
The hardware is mediocre.
Their software is as shitty as their hardware. There are Android phones which work out of the box just like an iPhone.
Man, it's nice that you've written so much to defend a Hyundai, but the point stands: it's still just a Hyundai.

FCA is not shit, they make a lot, A LOT of great cars.

BMW's reliability isn't that awful and they've created so many legendary cars it's hard to count.

Toyota has some pretty good cars too, they're at least very popular among offroaders, and they have great history. Same with Nissan, same with Honda.

Hyundai didn't do much. They don't have any history. They didn't create any legendary cars. Yeah, they tried with that Genesis Coupe, and I appreciate that it's RWD, but it's still a pretty shitty car in my opinion. It's too Hyundai and not extraordinary in any way.

It's not about a brand, it's about stuff they make. Hyundai are pretty average, cheap, bad-looking cars. You could be open minded as much as you like, it doesn't make them a great car company.
Oh, so you know anything about cars and love Hyundai?
That Mac Pro bit was a good joke.
Deal with the guilt? Fuck them, they asked for it. It's not like an innocent person was harmed.
What could he do? He didn't have his badge or gun, I doubt he could have stopped it.
That guy who was charged was actually undercover as I understood. I'm not sure why he was charged.
This is what absolute absence of games looks like.
It's still a Hyundai.
It doesn't mean they bought it. What, you think Almaty should have won?
Chinese didn't buy Winter Olympics though.
I V DAMKE
Also China, Russia and Kuwait besides NA.
Infiniti and Nissans are sold in most countries simultaneously (well, the G35 is Infiniti everywhere and Nissan only in Japan), Lexus and Toyota too. Except some models, which are sold as Lexus everywhere in the world except for Japan, where they branded as Toyota, or like that G35.

Acura is also sold in several more countries besides US.
Where do they even find people crash into in Wyoming?
Do you cringe when you hear your old stuff or do you still like it?
It's processor is the only high-end thing about it, the rest is pretty midrange.

Also, you can't really compare benchmarks across platforms.

Also, it doesn't outperform other phones using random apps, it does it only using games, because they are optimized much better.
I've never said it makes difference who owns which phone. I said that the iPhone actually has the worst camera among flagships, so you choosing an iPhone in a blind comparison means you're​ probably not into photography that much, cause you would have noticed absence of details and strong noise in low-light otherwise.

It's not about operating systems at all. It's about the fact that most people in the world think that iPhone has the best camera on the market, while it's pretty far from truth.

And when you say it, you get downvoted to oblivion because iPhone can't have worse camera than a Pixel or an S8, right?

People on /r/Android are actually greatest fans of the iPhone.
It's an extremely overpriced midrange phone, which performs exactly like one. I don't know why people believe Apple's marketing.
If you check DxOMark, you'll see that iPhone's score is not that bad, but still worse than Pixel, S7, XZ, P10, most of new flagships. It doesn't get more objective than that.
You're full of shit, man.
Well your first comment wasn't about the article, and neither was the reply. You clearly said that you see no sense in comparing cameras at all 
iPhone should be compared to midrange phones, it could shine there.
You have a DSLR from 2001?
You're joking? Samsungs are strongest in low light.
What, you disagree that there are objective measures for cameras? What are you even doing here then?
But no, then it means that the iPhone objectively has the worst camera. This can't be true!
Ultra-contrast looks least edited to you?
Phones are usually tested with auto-HDR on, they should be able to decide when to turn it on themselves. iPhone just has a worse camera than others.
Well if you're a photographer, you should probably carry around your actual camera more often.
Have you seen photos from the iPhone or you're blind? It turns contrast to 11 on half of the pictures. Samsung phones have magnificent cameras and it's a joy to edit pictures from them.
The most accurate, you blind?
*this option removes charging port.
iPhone objectively has one of the worst cameras among high-end phones now. You're probably not that much into photography.
Man, there is no bias against the iPhone, it just has a shitty camera compared to others. It's been this way for some time now.
No wonder, it's basically the only game available for Switch.
Exceptional? Funny joke, man. iPhone was one of the worst in most of the shots. I don't even know where to start, like, mostly everything is bad. iPhones had great cameras before iPhone 6, but then other phone producers really caught up, while Apple mostly forgot how to make a great cameras. It's bad both in specs and software.
But they turn a car's profile into a square box!
iPhones have mediocre​ cameras, what's so surprising there? They should be compared to midrange phones.
iPhones usually have mediocre cameras.
My birthday is 14/15/92, what a coincidence!
I'm with you here. New cars look just perfect without them - and then they slap those monstrous sails, ruining entire looks. I'm happy fins are going away.