Support suggested I get an older iPhone or use a computer if I want to PTT. I suggested they not give that as a solution, and simply apologize and work towards the solution. 
I stand corrected, not 100% on it.
Also, technological advancements that allowed for moral action without losing economic motivations of cheap labor (even if non-human, mechanical labor).
I am more of the solution focused, strengths based perspective clinically, so I try to do the same thing with myself, and my co-workers. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
What’s the best we can do as end users post-net neutrality? Use VPNs? 
I am only one individual who happens to have joined the Church. I don't speak for anyone else, and anyone else does not speak for me. We have different views or conclusions. I am simply stating mine as an individual on this question.

Feel free to share your own concerning the OP's question. 
Effeminate =/= gay. You can have an attraction to the same sex and not be effeminate, or you can be effeminate and be attracted to the opposite sex, or no sex. It's not so simple, and these are stereotypes.
Yes, I am quite certain. Baptized as an adult. Converted from years of atheism and still enjoy comparative religion and philosophy.

Did you think we all think the same? While we are catholic, we are still diverse and dynamic. Who would've thought it? I also believe in evolution! In fact, a Jesuit contributed to the Big Bang theory.
As a gay Catholic, who desires to live chastely (it's not easy, ya'll!), I do also feel called to the priesthood potentially. If nothing else, it is nice to know that I am not alone and to have some role models for living a chaste and holy life, albeit we are ALL sinners.

Thanks for engaging. I am a bit disappointed that this was downvoted 50/50. Disagreement is one thing, but dialogue is even more important then. It is hard to have dialogue when people use the downvote button synonymously with "I disagree."

This is so wonderful. As a Catholic, I view God as being Love. Emmanuel! God among us. May acts of joy and communions of love grow all over the world, in their many forms and fashions.

Light is love, and may it shine in all or our wounds.
I agree with this. I'm sure CPR was also viewed as 'playing the role of God.' Death is an evil, but something we have had to accept in the face of no 'cure' or medicinal intervention.

While it has been something to come to terms with, it is certainly not something I would preserve if given the option to prolong or extend a HEALTHY/QUALITY lifespan for myself or another.
As a Catholic, I find medicine and the preservation of life, and the end of death, as being consistent with pro-life teachings. It is not just about abortion, although that gets all the attention by both sides usually with loud voices. It is about preserving and enhancing the quality of life, for all. Like any other medicinal intervention to preserve or prolong a quality life, yes I would be grateful for a daily pill that would reverse the effects of aging.

Caution: I am a transhumanist, gay, Catholic. Not everyone will share my perspectives. :)
Thanks! My apologies for not including in the title.
You answered your question at the end.
Congratulations! :)
My first trauma (motor vehicle accident with other deaths) has now become conscious and is slowly working towards speech therapy and recovery. They'll likely never be fully recovered again, but they were very close to death that night and it was a great thing to hear that they're even able to seek physical therapy and psychological therapy.

:)
I've seen some police agencies, when they are serving a warrant, automatically shoot a dog if it looks aggressive at all or moves towards them. Why are citizens any different in their own self-defense, when they are in a public area, minding their own business?
I can recall my conversion 'moment,' and once I said "Yes" on deeper and deeper levels to God's Call, I began to see so many connections to previous moments of my conversion. God was always with me, even amidst my free will.

I was just baptized at the Easter Vigil, and the RCIA process was wonderful and the Sacraments are truly gifts from God. It is great to be part of Christ's Church, as we are all One and make It up.

Keep walking! God is with you, His Church is with you. Amen!
You know who doesn't fail a polygraph? Someone who is a pathological liar or has no prominent conscience.
There are many home based care programs for social work, nurses, counselors and so forth. Community based care is a huge need too. 
Awesome! I am being proactive and going to therapy due to my job being very emotionally exhausting and a high risk for vicarious trauma. Mental health stigma is silly. :)
Semper Fidelis
I wish we used social engineers. :)
Amen.
*God does it all*, we are the instruments. 

God Bless! Thanks for sharing.
It may be a bit different. So far, I've noticed all screening (including PTSD risks) are very brief, and can be filled out in a few minutes max. We are mostly medical, so most behavioral health and suicide crisis that is already identified as the primary complaint goes to behavioral health side.

A lot of our work is physical and sexual abuse screenings, assessments, and reporting. We also do SANE exams and forensic interviewing when outside main hospital hours.
Thanks! We use some assessments for warning signs of PTSD and so forth as well. Any general intervention models or approaches that are predominant? CBT can be modified and applied in CBI from what I understand, making it more brief.
I have found the single best ingredient, outside of medical care, is HOPE. If AA, or another method, gives someone who is hopeless, some hope, it is great -- evidence-based or not. We are all a sample size of 1, and if it works for us, or that person, good!
I've been trying to get my parents to switch from their slow, old Windows laptop and off-brand tablet they bought over 5 years ago to an iPad or iMac (new or refurbished).

They don't NEED it, and are content, but I mainly want to integrate them for iMessage, FaceTime, and so forth. And they deserve better. 

They won't even let me gift it. :P
I commend you for your courage and pro-activeness. It’s an unfortunate situation, but safety is important for you and your mom too.

Prayers and good intentions your way.
Thank you so much for sharing. This is a life-giving subreddit, and what a beautiful story! 

On this Easter day, regardless of your faith identity, or lack thereof, may hope and joy overcome our own individual and collective struggles in this life. :)
We had 9 newly baptized among our 20, the rest being Confirmed and received into Full Communion with Christ’s Church. AMEN!


This may stem from emotional intelligence? Not sure if that's an INFJ or a me thing.
Do you need to use Google Voice app for texts, then? Or can you set it up to use iMessage and regular SMS text on the iOS Messages app when using the GV number?
You have no idea. I've already considered such things.
It's making my adult baptism seem a bit... up in the air?
Same! I saved this for after graduation. :)
It takes more courage and wisdom to be aware of ourselves and know when we could benefit from healthcare (this includes mental healthcare). Good on you! 
I just realized... we receive Communion on Easter Vigil, yea? For some reason I was so used to not receiving (2+ years), that I forgot! LOL

I was thinking it would be the next Mass for some odd reason? Thanks for this!
As another former atheist (about a year ago), gay male who will be baptized this Easter Vigil... thank you for posting. It is weird how similar it is to my story. :)
I am happy for you. I also laughed a bit, because this sounds so much like my anxiety surrounding 'coming out' as a gay man. Glad your parents were supportive and your relationship is still strong! :)

(They were probably relieved that this was the news, after that build up. Haha)
This guy is a Saint! :)
I’d rather just spend quality time engrossed in adventure of thought and conversation with a cozy atmosphere where I feel present and connected. Hand written cards or surprise nice acts. Considering me or randomly texting me out of thoughtfulness. 
Good! Enjoy your rest. :)
I have had similar fears. Took me two gos to stick with RCIA. I have been atheist since I was around 12, sometimes anti-Christian. I will be baptized at the Easter Vigil. I've attended Mass for two years or more.

Good luck on your journey! :)
What on earth? Emotional chastity? As someone who is converting to Catholicism, abstaining from sex is hard... and now no emotional intimacy with anyone?

I think I may misunderstand. Can someone explain more and walk me through the logic?
Thanks! 
This is it! Should I be concerned that I saw one on my wall? 
Anyone else ever have to put themselves into the dirty laundry bags and hop around the squad bay at 3am, 'yelling' "Mhmm" quietly?
I looked it up. Seemed a bit too black and white. The colors were more plaid in shades, as opposed to pure black and white.
That is odd. It does look black and white, but nope. Wall is that color and it was zoomed in. Bug was smaller than my pinky finger. About the size of a small lady bug. 
🇮🇱 
Yea I preordered the MacBook Pro with AC. Realized they added AC+ later but Apple would not allow me to upgrade to the +. Felt punished for being a quick consumer. Seems counterintuitive in terms of customer service strategy to me. 
[Photo](https://ibb.co/eZCCA7) I came to comment just to redeem this thread from evil. Going to touch a door knob 7 times before opening it now. 
Finishing with my Masters using GI Bill. Went through the summers for undergrad and had time left to do a one year Masters as well. Definitely plan out your career and get the education needed for that. 
Sexual attractions are not what define someone. It’s one label. Being a Child of God is primary to many. 
This is so beautiful and wonderful. You have a lovely boy and wife. Blessed be your family. God Bless!
This was helpful in deepening my buyer’s confirmation bias. ❤️ 🍎 
Thanks for correcting me. On a good day, I’d know better. Haha. Are you in the social sciences? 
I agree with this a lot. When I was younger I was quite homophobic and mean-spirited towards a queer boy I knew. Jokes on me, God.

But, it was humbling, and it has rippled into so many other areas of encountering the 'Other' with love and acceptance, despite being separated from my own lived experience or even agreement at times.
I'd like to nominate this post for /r/HumansBeingBros . Love this, love you all, and love you OP! Prayers to you, and good will and intentions of others and hope in yourself. <3
You are destined for the shores of Walhalla!  
Thank you for sharing that. 🤗 
I’ve worked with people who have been subject to inhumanity from their own family members that I don’t want to share aloud. Sometimes I wonder if it isn’t so black and white. But then again, some of them have used that pain to bring great joy to others. I am pro-life, just want to remain open to it. I used to be very pro-choice, and atheist! One never knows, but I remain open so Truth can work on me despite my biases. 
I remember when I first learned of this, the beginning of my realization that Catholicism was not the fiery evangelicalism of my many loud Christian fellow Americans, was a big part of my eventual openness to convert. 
I tend to agree. My question would be, knowing that people sin (bother not to love) or make perfect choices... is it better to prevent it from occurring (life beginning/being viable) or to wait and maybe have an abortion, or maybe introduce a child into a world that may be quite awful? 
If we are to let in Christians who are suffering, let us also let in strangers who are suffering, humans, regardless of their religious affiliation. 
* 1.) Identify what you'd like to be doing with the majority of time and life.
* 2.) Figure out what is needed to do that (degree, certificates, experiences, and so forth).

Plan between #1 and #2.

For me, my original Plan #1 was to make a career out of the military. That didn't happen, but it allowed me to make a new Plan #1 and go to school (Plan #2) in order to get to the career I wanted, which required a degree, **debt-free with the GI Bill**.
1-800-273-8255, Press 1

Semper Fi. Don’t drop your pack. Lean on us! 
This is a modern example of how conversion and missionary work can be. God Bless!
I cannot think of a reason not to call. Can you?
I like this theory! Flies are short-lived, and also connected to dead things -- perhaps acknoweldgement of the limit of all experiences. All things of joy will bring bitterness. It is also spoken of in the final monologue: soon we all become old, our hearts worn, our bodies no longer desired. It is always in the back of our mind, even during amazing moments -- this is not permanent, this is not permanent.

So deep and powerful! I think of my own youth. :)
Seems kinda scandalous that we would be made to wait until Easter then. I’ve heard that baptism by desire upon death would absolve mortal sins away. 
My apologies...
What about Mortal sins for catechumens and elect awaiting baptism in RCIA who cannot receive the sacrament of reconciliation due to the program stipulating you wait until Easter Vigil?
What about venial sins for catechumens or elect (awaiting Baptism)?
I’m glad you posted this! I was thinking the exact same thing this morning when I saw this on the news (gossip for adults these days). 

Disheartening. /r/HumansBeingBros and /r/UpliftingNews to the rescue!
I love Judaism as well! Been to Israel and love the traditions, customs, and pride amidst diversity and otherness in the world.
This film/book is truly a work of art, and it is MOVING within me. It touched a deep part of myself. It's really cool to see others having the same experience.
I've been listening to the music from the film ever since I watched CMBYN the other day. As a gay man, this really hit home to my experience of suppression and secrecy of my childhood and coming-of-age -- both its beauty and pain, and joy in the midst of the adventure of it all. It is bitter-sweet, like a rainbow (how fitting).

It was gratifying and scab-pulling. I just purchased the Audiobook of the original novel. I didn't read all of your post (spoiler warning, perhaps?) not to ruin it, but I know I may not feel netter by listening/reading it, but I think it's good to feel our emotions. As the film said -- don't kill pain, and with it joy.

<3
We are truly sacramental beings and what a gift this Rite of Election was for me and my sponsor too. I continue to be amazed that I am here. Truly by God’s grace. It was beautiful to see so many others who were Called. I wanted to ask all of the catechumens their story as we became Elect today. I’m sure they’re all beautiful and inspiring. :)


I was in the military, got out at 22, and just turned 26 not long ago. So, I have been around those 2-4 years younger than me in most social situations due to college, so I always feel 'old' but I do not feel like an "adult" either. It's weird. We all sort of fall into the labels and boxes we are placed in, eh? Our bodies and expectations change, but my sense of 'self' remains quite similar to me in the moment.
“Do I contradict myself? Very well then, I contradict myself. I am vast, I contain multitudes.” -Walt Whitman 
I'm feeling pretty emotionally and intellectually drained after my 25+ hours/week internship and final semester of graduate studies. I want to spend time with people, but when I do I feel depressed and more so 'alone' despite being surrounded by people who are my friends. 

It's hard to focus on tasks as well, with so much going on. I am ready to graduate! :)
I would love to ban guns if I felt it would work. I own a firearm, and I sometimes carry it legally concealed. More often than not, I enjoy going to the range.

How will banning guns not, like many other regulated things, not just create a black market or desire-of-what-I-cannot-have effect? The AR-15 became popular when it was initially banned, much more so than prior to.
Thank you! 
I’ve never been more excited for the good looks of old age (WISDOM!) for a beard. :)
Amen.
You have a lot of really great self awareness, and perhaps even motivation at the core of YOU, despite your brain being ridiculous sometimes. Very cool! 😎👌🏼
Those are really unique and beautiful names! 
Welcome, my friend, to the club of sinners. I think it’s really great that you are going to the Hospital of the Church each day for Thanksgiving, and speaking to the Priest about all of this! That takes a lot of courage.

What are the pets’ names!? They sound like they really mean a lot to you. 🤗
I was being quite genuine, and you didn’t answer. :P
😊!
That is AWESOME! I have no idea what it was like to do that, it sounds like it was an amazing feat! How did you do it?

For me, checking off a project for school or work is an amazing feelings. Putting larger tasks into smaller ones and checking them off is very satisfying and motivating as well. Oh, and coffee.
I appreciate your inquiry and curiosity! I’ve heard the documentary “Common Ground” is a great one on dialogue and questions with a Protestant and a Catholic priest. It was available for Prime users on Prime Video last I checked.

Catholic.com is also a great place to type questions in. I found that helpful when I was inquiring. 
Wow! How did you manage to make it a month? What are some tips for others?
Sure thing! Glad it was helpful. :)
I agree. A message based in good intentions can come to be delivered terribly; through ignorance or fear. I’ve found many Catholics do not understand much of the teachings with much depth and thus there are a lot of confusions and misunderstandings.

Gay here. Former atheist. Current Catholic convert.
Look into the manuals and training of IDDT/MHICM programs at the Veterans Affairs hospitals. These are dual diagnosis programs and they are community based.
I agree with this. The more I read and reflected upon it, the more disappointed I was with it. 
As a veteran and social worker, this is really concerning. Glad she was removed. Certainly not the norm for social workers!
We know whose dentist is disappointed. 
Today’s First Reading from Job is also a prayer. Pray when you’re angry, pray when you’re sad, pray when you’re questioning, pray when you’re happy. 
You got this. Go the distance. 
I have felt this way when I was judging myself and using negative inner self-talk narratives. However, I would much rather be challenged and stretched by those with insightful minds than be "the smartest person in the room." I know that I grow and am constantly stimulated by being around those who are thoughtful, curious, and can be an expert on something I am not; we teach one another.
How beautiful it is that you have met these two wonderful people.
7 days? How did you go that long? That’s an entire week without PMO! Start there. :)
Fair. I’m a single line user so it’d be $70/month for me. 
I hope other carriers take the lead on this. Very good approach! Feels very fair to me. 
This! I need good, empathic friends!
Love Micro Center! It’s the authentic Best Buy. 
I’m certainly not perfect. We are all sinners. But as someone once said, the Church is a hospital.


Also former atheist, and studied MANY religions. The grace and Love of God found me, and has been seeing me — I find that I just need to turn to God, and there God is— in infinite mercy and love waiting for MY embrace. God is, and was always ready. 

I am glad you’re here! :)
Don’t forget the homeless. The addict. The felon.

Each of them was once a baby, with eyes turned towards others with curiosity, love and joy. 
They took our jerbs! 
It sounds to me like you’re happy! What did you hope to gain from this post?
Will we have the "live" comment feature on desktop reddit.com? That is very nice!
Sexualizing genuine fraternal love is so scandalous. We need more love in the world, not more lust and objectifying (“devouring”) of one another, so also says Paul to the Corinthians. 
I agree that it’s good to shake up our theological idols, and realizing that God is more than our human understanding of genders, but to use theological misunderstanding to justify an in-informed conscience is willfully ignorant and refusing to discern God’s Will.
What priesthood path are you currently discerning?
So happy to hear this went well. I found that my study of Judaism allowed me to see the beautiful outgrowth and evolution into Catholicism’s teachings, sacraments, and historical underpinnings. So much of the teachings and theology are not detached from this, like many other Protestant outgrowths. Have you also found this? 
Really glad you are here. Home. We are all sinners. Turn to God with love and sacrifice your idea of possessing power. Ask for God’s grace and love. God is merciful. Much love to you!
After taking time to consider this more, I agree. You articulated this well. Thank you.
This does make a lot of sense. I think words are delicate things with such high emotions, perhaps even poorly translated or translatable into English and other languages. I do appreciate that the Pope was humble enough to clarify and apologize for anyone who was hurt, clarifying his intentions as without ill will or meaning to make others feel hurt, but also respecting the dignity of the Bishop accused, if in fact there is no evidence to suggest such a condemnation as just.
I agree. But who are we to know who is false or not? All claims should be taken seriously. It just seems odd to defend someone in such a manner when there are so many claims.
None shall prevail over the Church. Do you believe this?
I am disappointed in the victim blaming that comes across from Pope Francis' closing statements to the victims (credible or not) of child abuse in Chile. What happened to the "Who am I to judge" (credibility of accusers) attitude?

Definitely seems out of character in my mental schema of Papa Francis' previous words and deeds.
Well I am glad you are always desiring to be a good father. Bless you! :)

<3
I see Trump supporters double down and make excuses. Confirmation bias is powerful, very much so.
How awesome it is to see someone you love work towards showing you love through action and struggle. God is love, and is infinite in his mercy and love. You clearly feel guilt, and this is why it is sin -- it is what takes us away from our best selves.

Love yourself. God loves you. Ask for forgiveness, and begin praying again, through your actions from this point forward. Turn to God when your Cross is too heavy, He is spotting you with His grace. :)
Thanks!
Does this contain all of the canons, such as Catholics have, or is it King James Version?
Thanks for finding this, and choosing to share. :)
Praying for the grace and Love of God.
When you feel lust, FEEL IT FULLY. 
Acknowledge it. 

Then pray, and transform the energies of Lust into a deep DESIRE for Love. Text someone, do something... lovingly. Deeply passionate love.

Lust is a sin because it desires the object, forgetting the Person. It is a Person we love.

We are passionate people. We just need to direct our desires towards its best end. The call is to Love. It brings dividends.

Little children, love one another. Amen.
Your story is not surprising to me, any more than my own was to me. After a while I surrendered to God’s Call. As an atheist, anti-theist for a time, who is gay, and has studied many religions and philosophies, well educated and was quite content — God used my curiosities and desires, even when I used free will to sin, to walk with me and perpetually offer Love. I said Yes after many years of slowly saying it. 

It doesn’t make any rational sense, that YOU would be the source of these feelings. That’s when I stopped with the fear and denial — it wasn’t me that was the source of these sudden desires. I have faith now that it was, and is God.

Don’t stop asking questions. Ask them! Read. Study. Practice it. See where it takes you. 

God Bless. 
I am really glad it was hopeful, my friend. Thank you for your prayers. :)
I just wanted to say -- it takes courage to be self-reflective and see what is there. You talked to us, and you acknowledged it with others. That's a big deal! Vulnerability is not easy, it is the stuff of courage!

I am proud of you. I hope you 'fuss with your stuff' and find a progressively deepening sense of peace.
Something to ponder, or try out:

1- Envision as much as you can what you would like to do with your life. Forget names, titles, degrees, whatever. What is you calling, your vocation? What do you enjoy doing, or being, in the world?

2- Research titles, or job names, or fields for this 'thing' in #1.

3- What do you need to do to get there? This includes finding ways to get past barriers in your way. College? Perhaps. Perhaps not. But it is one obstacle on the path to your calling.

The choice is *yours*, and you deserve that. Perhaps your answer will be the same as others have said, and that is okay. Perhaps it will be different. That is also okay.

I wish you luck, and I hope you find a meaningful new journey for yourself, decided on by yourself. :)
I was wondering the same thing as /u/DaTruestEva. Thank you for sharing, /u/YsoSRSs!

From the link:
>The account in John’s Gospel happens a day or two after Jesus’ baptism. The apostles in question meet Jesus, spend a few days with Him, attend the wedding in Cana with Him, and then (and this is what is not written down) went back to their fishing business while He went out into the desert to be tempted. After Jesus came back from the desert, and after John had been arrested, Jesus started preaching and called the apostles to follow Him as recounted in the Synoptic Gospels.
I do this all the time. :(
I cannot, yet exists and is experienced by me.
Define God. And I respond the same.
For me, secluding people based on identities, let alone sexual proclivities, just seems... counterproductive to diversity and inclusion. I would think to integrate and find common ground with identifiers rather than how we’re all different. 
I am not God, and I do not have all the answers. I will only say that I think having the power, or choice, to love or not to love, and choosing to love is more powerful than not having a choice. It is the choice that makes the gift of love possible. That is a gift I am thankful for, in many ways. 
No. I am moving beyond the idea of God that can be grasped as an idol, as a single person as we think of one another. God as love itself, beyond any single “thing.” Can one say there is pure love, if not by the free will choice? Anything less is not love, that is compulsory. Love is because it is chosen. 
We are presupposing the existence of a God, and free will, in this question. 
Hopefully they can do a quick security fix release instead of rushing the current total beta.
If God is love, then how can God not allow free will? Love must be chosen as an act of free will. Evil comes from the free will choice of humans when they do not choose love, or God. To force humans to “be loving” it would defeat the very existence of love, and thus God. If we presuppose God exists, free will, and thus the potential for humans acting in evil ways with their free will, may exist. 
Can you think of loving someone who forced you to love them? 
Talk about victim blaming...
Some others I know who work in intensely high traumatic secondhand exposure call it their “little graveyard.” I hope you find ways to take care of your self. Thanks for the work that you do to help bring justice.
So proud of you guys! Awesome work. Thanks for sharing. Semper Fi. Oorah and Hooah!
That’s nice to hear. :)
I am so proud of and happy for you. 🤗🙏🏼❤️
As someone who explored Judaism quite closely as a non-Jew, traveled to Israel and explored the depths of Orthodox Jewish customs and traditions for over 2 weeks, reading "Jesus and the Jewish Roots of the Eucharist: Unlocking the Secrets of the Last Supper" by Brant Pitre (https://www.amazon.com/Jesus-Jewish-Roots-Eucharist-Unlocking/dp/0385531842) really made me appreciate the Eucharist so much more.
I value friendship so much now, and not everyone my own age does. My intuition is that they will cherish it, and what I put into it now, much more later. I view it sort of as an investment. It is always *really nice* to find others who value it now, and can mutually add to it now. For others, I hope it is more and more like a fine wine, aging. Stories like in the OP give me hope for that.
This is THE best! I love catching up with people I have not seen in 10 years, let alone 30-40! So happy for you. Enjoy it. <3
I've found fellowship and deep, intimate friendships based upon love (not lust) have been essential to living chastely for me. Community in the parishes are also very vital. Finding others who can understand why we do what we do helps too. Many good friends who are straight and gay but Side B or just okay with our Side B choices.
>	Mystery is not that which we don’t get; it is realizing that we are enveloped by infinite energy that made us reach out for what we do not have and what we are not, at least yet.

❤️☝🏼
I had cream of broccoli soup with melted pepper jack cheese in it and a chicken salad sandwich on toasted bread. 😋 
Thanks for aiding my laziness. :P
Can someone TL;DR / ELI5 the actual evidence of this outside of conjecture?
I’ve always wanted someone to be proud of me. 🤗  🙌🏼 
Let me start by saying that I feel that. I too am a human being who has wants and desires. I want to hear Yes to those desires and wants. Sometimes I do. Sometimes I ignore things that challenge those. Sometimes I am open to them, even when I don’t like them.

I might caution that if you are seeking truth, we must begin with self-awareness of our biases and work towards being open to truth despite our wants. It doesn’t always agree with us, but it changes us. Whose will — ours or God’s — do we seek and act out?

I am gay. I feel sexual attractions to my same sex. However, I acknowledge my sexual attractions and choose to not act on them. It’s not always easy, and sometimes I have failed. But I am currently choosing God’s will. For me, I’ve slowly come to understand that what I seek is love, and that doesn’t require that I act on my lusts. I transform the “energy” of lust to love and commitment to my friendships, service to others and God, and cultivating my own life towards sainthood — which we are all called to as children,  BeLoved of God.

If nothing else, please take this away. You are loved by God, as you are. Ultimately, that is the bedrock of truth. When **we** love Him, let us speak with him. I open myself, my will, to God. I am challenged at times, but I’ve found a deeper sense of love and feel that I am on the right path. I feel the Comforter, I feel a sense of closeness with myself, others than ever before.

I truly care about you, even though we don’t know one another. I’ve found that being honest about my attractions with others has helped as they know my Cross that I bare. Everyone had crosses they bare, and we can support one another as we all journey towards the best selves that God — Father, Son and Holy Spirit — has called us to through eternity... to eternity.

We are much more than our sexual attractions, gay or straight, these are but labels. We are children of God! And how wonderful that is. 
Agreed! It is beautiful *when understood from a place of love*. There are a lot of wounded people though. Emotionally and physically. 
I’m sorry you had an experience that was not loving. Which church and it was for exploring living as a chaste gay Christian? 
Haha, thanks for engaging! I was just on a chance encounter at /r/spiders so it is funny you mention that. 
Great list! I like that it’s diverse in perspectives and conclusions. I’ll add some:

* Spiritual Friendship by Wesley Hill
* Building Bridges by Fr. James Martin, SJ
I’m glad you are finding support and love! Just want to point out that being gay is fine in Catholicism. Showing love, being loved... absolutely okay. God is love. 

The Catholic Church has a Catechism with all of its teachings and explanations are out there. The Church doesn’t teach anything about sex or chastity that is singling gay people out. Not having sex outside of marriage for *for the purpose of co-creation of human life* is something **all** Catholics are called to — this is not a thing just for *gay* sex. 

As a gay convert, that made me realize the Church and God does not hate gays. People may not like what we are called to do or not do, but it isn’t hate and it isn’t discriminatory. Any homophobia or discrimination is the work of sinful and fallible **humans** in the Church of Jesus Christ.
Thank you for that! I appreciate hearing from my brothers and sisters here, all sons and daughters of God. Whether or not we are of the same current perspective, it’s good to push ourselves out of our own perspective and learn and consider all sides. May we all arrive at truth!
I agree! I’m hoping we can all work together to figure that out. For ourselves individually, and if it would be helpful in general, among the community itself at large.
Thanks for the recommendation. I understand both uses of words, or lack of their use. However, many people do use gay for their identity, so I like to use the words that will make sense to them. Communication is a two way street. Whatever is helpful for each individual. 
It’s the same dilemma a straight man feels when they have sex outside of the teachings of Christianity, for pro-creation in a marriage. 

There is nothing stopping you from being Christian as a gay man. The question is if you will be willfully ignorant of the teachings and what it asks you to do, or to willfully disregard them.

It’s not easy to be Christian, but that doesn’t mean you can’t be. Love is more than sex. The idea that sex is a casual way of showing love and receiving love is quite odd if you think about it outside of secular culture’s messaging.
All great options! I think working towards creating opportunities and norms of social hours after Mass, or taking time to do birthdays or something to get one another to know each other would be nice outside of formal groups.

Coming into the Church should always be, for me ideally, a place of warmth and outpost for the Lord’s Family on earth.

I’ve considered religious life, but that’s certainly not for everyone and I don’t think a solution to the general cultural shift towards inclusivity and community that is needed, in my opinion. 
Well I’m glad to “meet” you. I’ve only been here a bit but it does feel largely Protestant. Not an issue of course, but being a celibate gay person who is Catholic and “side B”... not everyone may upvote my interactions much, or agree.  But that’s fine! We all grow by removing ourselves from our own bias boxes. 
TL;DR: The real question isn’t if you can be both Christian and gay, but if you will choose to abide by the implications of being Christian — namely the commandments and teachings. Prohibition or challenging commandments is not synonymous with hate. 

Being gay is not a sin, and having sex as a gay man, outside of marriage for pro-creation, is just as sinful as if a straight man does it outside of marriage. Sex is not a given or a right, at least in Christian teaching. We are not secular society. Christianity has always been counter-cultural.

Does a Father who tells their child to do something or not do something, out of Love, cease to be loving? God loves us as we are, straight or gay. Even if we’re called, like everyone else, outside of the purpose of sex to pro-create, to be chaste / celibate, we are Beloved.

We are talking about whether or not we are obedient, or when we don’t do the will of Our Father, ask for forgiveness and genuinely wish to be a better son of God. We are not talking about whether God loves us or not, God is Love, he does.

The idea that sex with another is a right, or if we are told not to means we are being attacked or not loved is not a given. Sometimes as children, less knowing than God, we don’t always like or understand what we’re told — but neither do children when their earthly parents say so. But it doesn’t mean it’s wrong, or not out of love or their best interest. 
I agree! It’s certainly not only gay people, it’s all people who, for whatever circumstance, find themselves outside of the parameters that allow one to feel “connected.” 

We have work to do. :)

Are there programs or initiatives within the Church that are addressing this we can all be made aware of? If not at our local parishes we could be that light. 
Not many of us here? Ha ha 
It’s sad when anyone moves away from God. I’m not sure I’m interested in comparing who’s closer or further away. “My sins not as bad as *that* sin. Thank God.”

May grace and love guide us away from all sin. 
Thank you. I definitely can agree with this book and many others that argue a strong sense of community and making the Church parishes and communities more familial and inclusive outside of Mass or events will go a long way. Most humans cannot be healthy and expected to be chaste AND live a life of loneliness.

We build community and events around either straight, married people, families, or those whom we expect will soon marry up and create a family. We cannot forget those who do not fit that mold, or cannot due to the very teaching of the Church that will lead one to loneliness, Unless we foster a community and place for them.

When we deny lust, we must live on love. 
Article snapshot:

>He [Ed Shaw] believes that we, as Christians, have a plausibility problem when it comes to people who experience same-sex attraction. We do not offer a plausible alternative to the message society gives us about homosexuality. The cries from outside the church are strong and powerful and promise liberation. They tell us that fulfillment can come only by acceptance and indulgence. Many who profess Christ are now saying the very same thing. The church, on the other hand—the church committed to the authority of God’s Word, that is—offers answers that seem far less compelling. But that is simply because we have not fully understood and embraced what Christ offers to those who struggle in this way.

>The heart of Shaw’s book is a series of 9 missteps Christians and their churches take when considering the issue of homosexuality and in actually accepting and ministering to Christians who are same-sex attracted. Here they are:

>
* Your identity is your sexuality.
* A family is mom, dad, and 2.4 children.
* If you’re born gay, it can’t be wrong to be gay.
* If it makes you happy, it must be right.
* Sex is where true intimacy is found.
* Men and women are equal and interchangeable.
* Godliness is heterosexuality.
* Celibacy is bad for you.
* Suffering is to be avoided.

I found this to be an interesting read for a newly converting Catholic who is gay and living chastely. How do we find intimacy, love and a sense of connection with someone outside of *sexual intercourse*? 

I've personally found that I am more joyful when I seek love. It challenges the ideas of modern culture that sex is casual, that it is necessary. Christianity has never been easy, it has always been counter-cultural, even today; in mainstream culture and especially LGBT culture in my experience and observation.

Would love to discuss, regardless of if we agree! :)

<3
Article snapshot:

>He [Ed Shaw] believes that we, as Christians, have a plausibility problem when it comes to people who experience same-sex attraction. We do not offer a plausible alternative to the message society gives us about homosexuality. The cries from outside the church are strong and powerful and promise liberation. They tell us that fulfillment can come only by acceptance and indulgence. Many who profess Christ are now saying the very same thing. The church, on the other hand—the church committed to the authority of God’s Word, that is—offers answers that seem far less compelling. But that is simply because we have not fully understood and embraced what Christ offers to those who struggle in this way.

>The heart of Shaw’s book is a series of 9 missteps Christians and their churches take when considering the issue of homosexuality and in actually accepting and ministering to Christians who are same-sex attracted. Here they are:

>
* Your identity is your sexuality.
* A family is mom, dad, and 2.4 children.
* If you’re born gay, it can’t be wrong to be gay.
* If it makes you happy, it must be right.
* Sex is where true intimacy is found.
* Men and women are equal and interchangeable.
* Godliness is heterosexuality.
* Celibacy is bad for you.
* Suffering is to be avoided.

I found this to be an interesting read for a newly converting Catholic who is gay and living chastely. How do we find intimacy, love and a sense of connection with someone outside of sexual intercourse?

I've personally found that I am more joyful when I seek love. It challenges the ideas of modern culture that sex is casual, that it is necessary. Christianity has never been easy, it has always been counter-cultural, even today; in mainstream culture and especially LGBT culture in my experience and observation.

Would love to discuss, regardless of if we agree! :)

<3
So excited that it was inspirational for you. Enjoy. :)
Thanks for asking. I also learned something today, and many others will as well as a result. It is a gift to question, as well as to have the opportunity to teach.

Happy New Year!
Join in! Let’s start a movement. :P
I just found this subreddit, and this post. You have my attention!

How did it go? Happy New Year, regardless! :)
First of all, thanks for 'biting' and engaging with me! :)

>I love seeing happy crying dads because that shows a man who would rather allow the ones he loves to see just how happy and emotional he is than try and hold on to some stupid “man card.” It always makes me cry too so having a reason to cry tears of joy is always nice 

Absolutely! I sort of waxed poetic about it in my original post, but I find it extremely helpful for men to allow themselves to be vulnerable, and others to see this as well, especially boys who learn from them.

Men are human, and humans are emotional creatures as well. Joy **and** sadness, tears are the natural way of removing stress or the overwhelmingness of joy. It cannot be contained. It can come out in tears or in heart attacks, or in rage or anger. It comes out. 

>Question for you: what other good subs have you found randomly? And do you ever go to /r/casualconversations ? Cuz it seems like something you might like lol

I have been doing this for 4+ days. I have learned about how dentists look at teeth before eyes, being able to tell a lot about people just by a quick glance at ones teeth ( /r/Dentistry ). I have learned about jumping spiders being similar to "kittens," following laser pointers. Some people keep spiders as pets, or even cultivate 'multiple generations' of spiders in their garage. I am still terrified, but I have a greater appreciation ( /r/spiders ).

I have failed miserably at communicating in Finnish via Google Translation, only to be told they all speak English, much better than I speak Finnish ( /r/Suomi ). They were **overwhelmingly welcoming**. I think that thread was a gild-fest. Some anonymous person/people were throwing gold around like they were Mr. Monopoly.

This really has been a great way to utilize Reddit for me, and I enjoy the chance encounters I have, like yourself! I would've never heard about /r/casualconversations -- indeed, sounds fun! Thanks for engaging and for your subreddit suggestion. :) [Fun fact: it moved to /r/CasualConversation now].

Thank you! I am not familiar.
If you had to recommend one good movie from Finland, which one would it be? Bonus points if it is able to be streamed on Netflix, HBO, YouTube, or Amazon Prime Video. 
I don't know why I didn't realize this -- but I was aware of the Sandman lore here in the USA as well. I used to have some MAJOR crusties on my eyes upon awakening as a kid. Mr. Sandman was very generous at times!
Nuku hyvin!
Kiitos Unijukka minulle!

[Sleep well!
Thank the Sleepman for me!]

FYI: Cool to learn about fairy tales and figures in Finnish culture. Had to look "Höyhensaaret" up!

Happy New Year to you all in Finland! Thank you for an AMAZING welcome and stay. Much love <3. :) 
Absolutely not! I have never had this happen. I was very shocked — and pleasantly surprised. Thanks to whoever the anonymous Goldsmith is! :)
That is fascinating! The subtle things certainly do add to the realities, in this case gender equality as you mention. 
I hope Apple uses this as an inside joke in a future propaganda commercial.
That’s very cool! Thanks for taking the time to inform me a bit. I took two semesters of German in high school and the sentence structure was different than English as well.

Always fascinating to me how language changes the way we imagine, perceive and communicate reality.
Glad I made you smile. :)

**[Disclaimer: This is just my experience and my story. Not preaching or trying to do anything other than share].**

I turned away from Christianity in general as a young kid because I had a hard time believing it after reading the Bible on my own. One parent was from a Catholic family, the other raised in a Methodist family; neither one of my parents attended Church or practiced. They were supportive of my different adventures and didn't want to push religion on me. Thinking back, I would've been much worse off I think if they did; very stubborn here!

I learned so much about different religions, cultures, philosophies, ways of viewing the world. I even visited Israel and explored Judaism and considered conversion for a time. I have been very far from Christianity since childhood, but always searching for Something, truth? The last year or two I kept feeling directly pulled to the Mystery of re-visiting Christianity and found that Catholicism made the most sense historically, logically, and even in the Mystery that was admitted by the Church.

My 'self' a year ago or more would laugh at me today. I am still getting used to it. It doesn't make rational sense for me to be converting as I am gay, formerly very atheist and well read on culture and religious diversity. I don't disrespect others, and have a lot of compassion and insight from my journey -- I feel it was meant to be.

A lot of my previous experiences make more sense when I finally acknowledged my conversion pull and said "Yes." I feel a sense of peace and 'Home' that I feel I have been seeking.

The plot of the novel "The Alchemist" by Paulo Coehlo is definitely relevant. Great read if you haven't already read it. Sometimes what we are seeking is right Here, but we must Journey to Arrive.
*Nainen hammaslääkäri tuijottaa /u/Kusmariinin 's hampaat*

...*ajattelee* "Cunnilingus"
*Pyörittää silmiä*

[*Female dentist stares at /u/Kusmariini 's teeth*

...*thinks* "Cunnilingus"
*rolls eyes*]
Mielestäni tämä on yksi huippukokemuksista, koska se on vaatinut minua rohkaisempana ja käyttää Googlein kauhistuttavaa käännöskonetta. Voisin helposti lyödä "satunnaisia" uudelleen, mutta olen iloinen, että olen juuttunut menettelyyn. Te kaikki olette tehneet niin hilpeästi ja kiehtovaa. On ilo olla täällä ja tavata jokainen teistä. Kiitos kaikille, jotka ovat olleet tyytyväisiä tai jopa nauroineet minua. Mielestäni on ollut varsin hienoa.

Olen oppinut, että hammaslääkärit katsovat hampaitaan silmien sijaan, koska he voivat oppia niin paljon meistä vain yhdellä silmäyksellä. Olen oppinut, että hyppäävät hämähäkit seuraavat lasereita ja ovat "kuin pennut" (olen edelleen kauhistunut hämähäkit, mutta vähemmän nyt). Jokainen päivä on uusi seikkailu! Tämä on ainutlaatuinen hämmästyttävä.

[I think this is one the top experiences as it has required me to be more daring and to use Google's terrible translation machine. I could've easily hit "random" again, but I am glad I stuck with the procedure. You all have made this both hilarious and fascinating. Glad to be here and to have 'met' each of you. Thanks again to all who have been welcoming, or even laughing at me. I think it's been quite cool. 

I have learned that dentists look at our teeth instead of eyes because they can learn so much about us just by a glance. I have learned that jumping spiders follow lasers and are 'like kittens' (I am still terrified of spiders but less so now). Each day is a new adventure! This one is uniquely amazing.]
Minulla oli idea satunnaisesti, kun olin kotona lomille, kyllästynyt ja halusin kokeilla sitä kokeiluna oppimasta uusia asioita, uusia ihmisiä tavalla, jota en koskaan voinut tehdä ilman satunnaistamista. Mielestäni se on hieno ominaisuus, jota ei käytetä. Olen tehnyt tämän kolmen päivän ajan ja aina kun se on ollut erilainen ja mielenkiintoinen!

Kiitos osallistumisesta ja tekemisestä tämä hieno kokemus kaikille meille. :)

[I just had the idea randomly while I was home for the holidays, bored, and wanted to try it as an experiment of learning new things, new people, in a way that I could never do without randomization. I think it's a great feature that is underutilized. I've done this for three days now and each time it has been different and interesting!

Thank you for engaging and making this a great experience for all of us. :) ... ]
> Please never again use google translator to translate into Finnish. Here is how I read your message (translated by me, attempting to maintain the "flow" of the original text as I read it:)

Se on hilpeä! Toivottavasti et välitä, mutta mielestäni huono käännös on itsessään hauska. Olen sisällyttänyt sekä englannin että "google" suomalaisen. : D

Hyvää uutta vuotta, uusi ystäväni!

[That is hilarious! I hope you don't mind, but I think the poor translation is in itself funny. I have included both English and 'Google' Finnish. :D

Have a Happy New Year, my new friend!]
> I'd recommend that you don't. Most (all?) of us here understand english as well and while your text is somewhat understandable it requires quite a bit of quessing what you actually mean.

Ensinnäkin, kiitos paljon tekemisestä kanssani. Arvostan todella tätä kokemusta, huonoa käännös ja kaikki (First of all, thank you so much for engaging with me. I really appreciate this experience, poor translation and all)! :P
Kiitos Jumalalle (Thanks be to God)!
I agree, that works too. Semantics at this point I think. 
Thanks! Great job on app. :)
This is an interesting hypothesis. Following it... those pre-VII who were poorly catechized would find it even harder to support or assist those born post-VII who had a lot of questions. But for those of us who are resourceful and know where to look or do our own research -- we have much more access and understanding.

This can extend to many catechists or priests, perhaps, if they were not pro-active or intrinsically motivated. Some of them may have been apathetic. I hope not, but it can certainly happen. A big shift would make it hard to catechize pro-actively.

Just some added thought to this hypothesis. Very interesting to me!
Why sin? Why fear? We are human, not God.
Through God's grace, we may taste redemption and love. Perhaps we can come to peace with death, but I don't expect myself to not fear it, at all.
>I without a doubt received the Holy Spirit during the experience. Being open to surrendering my life as it was, giving up all my conceptions of the world and who I thought I was (aka ego death) and acknowledging the will to do anything to fix my life, is what I believed opened me up and allowed the Holy Spirit to enter. I had been "baptized by the Holy Spirit" as some Protestants call it. Our sacraments are an outward reflection of what is happening in our interior spiritual life. On this day, I very much so left my old life behind, died and rose again with Christ. Receiving the sacrament of baptism a year later at the Easter Vigil was very much so an outward reflection of this day.

What is the Church teaching on the presence of the Holy Spirit in those of us who have not been Baptized? I certainly feel my conversion and being led to the Church couldn't have happened on my own. If not the Holy Spirit, what?
No worries! I really enjoy this teaching, actually. Since God the Father is beyond all of our human reasoning to comprehend, we are often wanting to create 'idols' of God, and it thus can become so many things. We see this in all pagan religions, in Protestantism, and we seek to safeguard against this in the Catholic Church as well. We can slap genders, opinions, and even our own human wills on "God" -- but that is idolatry and human will using "God" as a concept as a utility for sociopolitical or personal needs. That can't be good!

The fact that God is beyond our reasoning and ability to 'idolize' into any comprehensible form makes the miracle of God becoming a *human being*, infinitely more profound than a human becoming an ant, to give us His Will -- and it was salvation, love, peace, eternity with Him. It was reconciling, to bring us to our best selves and more. Thus, we can comprehend by Jesus Christ, God, the Word, made Flesh, as a example. That is how we learn as humans -- by mentors and heroes. This time, the Source is of God, and is God. So the importance of having an institution that holds the inheritance of this individual, God made Flesh, Jesus Christ, is so vital. Our Teachings and understanding of Scripture, entrusted to the Magisterium, so essential. We must always safeguard it. While we are all still human, and sinners, and fall short of the glory ALL THE TIME, the Church shall keep our inheritance of knowledge from Jesus safeguarded for us.

Now THAT is amazing. God Bless.
>  I’d like to begin with where you are from and why you needed braces.

I am from the United States. My lateral incisors were a bit pushed forward on each side (my dad also has this). My bottom teeth were also bent in different directions. Fun fact: my bottom wisdom teeth were removed but my top wisdom teeth have yet to develop enough to need removed; I am in my mid-20s now. I have never had more than one cavity, and that was in the military and I think they were just wanting to practice on me, to be honest. 

> There are also times when I failed to recognize a patient with his face, but instead everything come back when the person opens his mouth.

Absolutely fascinating! It's so cool how each profession, that is, the thing we focus on intently and do for 8+ hours a day, changes how we interact and engage the world we exist within.

For me, I am in the mental health field and I have always had a intuitiveness to me -- I can tell when someone is 'holding back' or being authentic, that is when they are being honest. I have become very good at nonverbal communication and focus on word use way more than most people. It can be very annoying in my free time though, or when home with family (like now, for the Winter holidays).

>About self-maintenance, brushing at least twice daily but not over 3 times is a must.

I am usually good at this, but recently I've been skipping in the morning sometimes due to work or just bad habit forming. I floss 2-3 times a week on average and haven't had mouth was -- but if I own it, I use it. Today will motivate me to get back into the habit of brushing (vertically) twice a day, flossing, and to pick up some mouth wash.

>If you made it to this point, congratz and thank you for reading the wall of text. It is 3am. Not sure why I am here or how I wrote this. Maybe it’s the holiday making me ... spirited away (bad pun intended). Goodnight everyone. Have a happy holiday.
P.S : Fun fact. Did you know that medical practitioners who play video games perform surgeries quicker and more efficient ? Google it.

THANK YOU. I did indeed read it all. Have a Happy Holidays!
I agree that God the “Father” can be gender neutral, that is, beyond gender. But not Jesus Christ, the Word made Flesh...
Thanks! Love the app and just donated for Apollo Pro. Will Apollo add “reddit Chat” support soon? Perhaps I just missed it?
Very cool! Thanks. 
I have been getting this since starting my random adventures through Reddit, haha! Apparently only the USA standardized dates by "MM/DD/YYYY"? I wonder how I should format it going forward to be less ethnocentric?
> To date, I still have that critter barn and have seen 7 generations of common house spider, 3 generations of cellar spider, and then the complete massacre of everything in the tank thanks to a grass spider i introduced last week who i aptly named Spider Jesus.

Oh wow! That is super cool.

> It's the unfamiliarity that worries people.

I would agree!


> Spiders have been the scapegoat for minor reactions and other bug bites for millenia, and recently it's been proven that the only major threat held by most spider bites is infection when the wound is left open for an extended period of time.

Interesting!


The mating video looked like the spider was a conductor with it's legs.

> unfairly maligned for centuries. I come here to help identify them, to see new ones from places I've never been, and to promote a rational view and humane treatment of them.

I appreciate this. Thanks for sharing your knowledge and the diversity of spiders that exist on your favorites list. Fascinating that some can be solitary and some are clannish and webless.
>Jumping spiders are very smart and will even follow a laser pointer like a cat does.

Now **that** is hilarious. Certainly adds to the idea that they are the 'kittens' of spiders. Never would've considered that myself! Any good videos of this?
> I suggest educating yourself and you will find your fear is soon replaced with fascination. Just to give you an idea, this year I saw my first tarantula in the wild, and just the other day I found a Mediterranean recluse in my bathroom. Both of these times I was more excited than scared, whereas before I would have probably ran away screaming!

I have already begun to feel more fascination than before. While I do hope that I do not start seeing more spiders, I hope that if I do, fascination will be increased and a rational level of fear, if necessary, co-exists. :D

>What's the best sub you have found on your travels? (Apart from this one obviously).

Just began my travels yesterday, so not much to say yet. I would've never came here willingly, but I am glad I did! Thanks for being so welcoming. :)
Thanks for taking the time to share that video and some info on your favorite spiders.

> I also love encountering bold jumping spiders, Phidippus audax. They're so friendly and curious about humans. Sometimes they remind me of playful puppies.

I have never considered personality and puppies with spiders, so this is a first. I am working on seeing them as 'cute', and while I am not sold yet, this has helped! Haha, thank you.

>How long have you been doing this random subreddit thing? Have you found any neat nature/biology subs in your travels?

I just began it yesterday. I was in /r/Norway and they were very welcoming and engaging with time. I think my time zone difference mad it hard, though. I do not have any recommendations yet for nature/biology but I hope to arrive at one soon, if the random gods permit it! :)

> I’m not alone!

That's awesome! I really love how the internet allows people to find their 'home' among many different things. I've learned so much and explored so many perspectives that I would've never had access to if I had not grown up during the internet boom.

>start of by looking at some pretty, harmless, and cute spiders like the peacock spiders. It’s impossible not to smile looking at them

Oh wow. Certainly stunning and beautiful! Still scary once I realize what the colors are on. :D
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/pNZ3i7kZIGo/maxresdefault.jpg
Google yielded...
http://www.op.org/sites/www.op.org/files/public/documents/fichier/schillebeeckx_dominicanspirit.pdf
>Spiders can actually easily survive such temperatures, but the change needs to occur gradually. There bodies will start producing a kind of antifreeze when exposed to the cold, but it takes some time.

That is simply fascinating! Is that for all arachnids or certain types?
Jesuits, Benedictines, and Franciscans! 
Don’t rule out Greek life. There are definitely the stereotypical Animal House fraternities, but some are actually very values based and full of great men and brothers.

Definitely don’t assume though. Check them out, be very open and honest, and don’t fall into the trap of “proving yourself.” I recommend finding a group that is curious and vulnerable, and whom you feel “at home” with. Same fruits of the Spirit — “love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness, and self-control” — should be felt when you find the right one.

This too shall pass. :) <3
Thanks for sharing!

> That said, almost everyone I met hates US politics and after living there for several European elections I really saw how nice other people have it.

Something we can all universally agree upon. 😁
Thank you! I’ll continue to engage as you all do. :)

Good night! 
Fair! My 9th grade teacher made us learn metric and told us we’d all be using it in the near future. That was before 2007. 😂

They underestimated the stubbornness of America. Yet I totally get it — that would be annoying and likely easier to learn if they started earlier than 9th grade. 
Fascinating! Thanks for sharing your perspective. This has been fun. :)
That’s very insightful. Thanks!
>I like how the US military has it shit sorted out and uses KM, 24:00 and "correct" date set.

My assumption is that everyone outside the US doesn't like the US. That is what a lot of media and many college environments make me think. Am I incorrect in this case? An appreciation of our military, no less!? :P
>I’ll bite with your title, do you know the rest of the world is DD/MM/YY ?

I don't think about it often, but I am not shocked! We used "DD MONTH YEAR" as a format in the US military. Is time also often in 24:00 format as opposed to 12(am/pm) in the rest of the world?

>I’ll ask how the Winter Olympics is viewed in the US ? Do people pay much attention ?

As for me, not really. Our big thing is US football, and the Super Bowl and the baseball World Series from my perspective. Football much more so for me. However, I have never been much of a sports fan. I watch socially, but I don't care much for the outcome outside of the fun of it. That's not the norm for a lot of my friends, though! I rarely hear much about the Olympics in my circles, but it is talked about on the news in passing. It's on television, live broadcast.

>I certainly didn’t in the U.K., but when I moved to Norway I suddenly found the Summer Olympics paled into insignificance to its Winter sibling.

Good point. I don't distinguish the two myself, but I am just one American 'perspective point.'


>Cool :) do you enjoy it or is it more like a nuisance for you? For me and a lot of norwegians it is not really christmas until the snow arrives

I don't mind the snow, as long as it doesn't cause emergencies! Most parts that are used to snow in the Midwest region of the USA are prepared, with salt and city officials prepared to take care of and manage snowy conditions.

In parts of the USA not used to it, it can be quite dangerous with no salt and drivers not used to it!

>So do you have any questions about Norway or norwegians? :)

For me, it is really easy to get confused with Netherlands, Norway, Denmark, and so forth. I often used to just mentally lump all of Nordic/Germanic countries into one. How would you say you feel you're distinguished by your neighbors or these other countries? 
> Where are you from?

I am from Midwestern United States.

> How is the weather there currently?

We just got hit with a HUGE amount of cold air, snow, and wintery conditions. Some areas near us are in a state of emergency. 

> What are some common misconceptions you feel foreigners have about your country or area?

I can only imagine. The United States is so diverse, each region has it's own 'stereotypes.' I think the Midwest has a lot of internal stereotypes by other Americans as being very polite, always saying "I'm sorry" and being very considerate.
We are definitely in a bubble in the United States, so much so that I am not sure what the stereotypes are of our country. I'd love to hear what those of you here think of the USA.

> How has your christmas been?

It has been wonderful. I have been able to see friends and family that I haven't seen in years due to travel, work, and school.

I have seen "Lilyhammer," the Netflix gangster comedy. Is this the same location? Thoughts on the TV show's portrayal of the city, culture, and so forth?
That’s definitely new! I recall only having brief time away from DIs and able to have common sense self-thought on Sundays. This was 2010, Parris Island.
He made sure I understood it wasn’t being consecrated (I tried not to roll eyes) but agreed to bless it; and it was a good blessing. I appreciated it! 
Digging the septum and gauges as well. Right on!
What a beautiful message. 
This is literally a dream of mine as an only child, always wanted a brother. So wonderful. 
I can’t speak to racism by users but it does appear to be heavily male, white, and upper socioeconomic status. However, not super surprising that well-to-do people have time to use Reddit to the level of taking surveys on their membership in a subreddit. I also think men are more “loners” in engagements with others, perhaps finding it online. Just a theory, no evidence of this. I guess I am challenging whether it is indeed an issue though. Do we need Reddit to be diverse to be good or useful for those of us who enjoy it? I certainly would welcome diversity of perspective but people generally find their sounding boxes and cliques. /r/changemyview is a great one for those who are looking for a challenge to their own perspectives. Also fine with me if people choose to create one for hearing their own beliefs echoed. Up to them. 
Insightful, thanks! 
Want to clarify that I’m not personally attacking you. We all can make cognitive biases and do. Just ruling it out, Socratic like. 

Can you share links to these surveys? 
I was genuinely curious if you met the mainstream criteria you mentioned and was exploring if that was perhaps a projection in the assumption. If there is no data to confirm there is a “diversity issue” then perhaps that is a good place to start before trying to solve it. 
Can someone cite evidence for these claims of “superpowers” outside of subjective impressions?
@OP: do you happen to meet those identity criteria yourself? Perhaps projecting? How do you know this is the case. Do we have objective data to state this is the case? I certainly didn’t share any of that info when I signed up. 
If one goes in to the Apple store before one year, you can get battery replaced for free, no?
It’s shitty, but you have great brotherhood since everyone is in the shit life together. When I went to Camp Lejeune after Oki I was happy to have “freedom” on libo and a car,  but missed the barracks cookouts, and Tsunami parties. So many things that I took for granted in retrospect. Some of the best times and got really close to the Marines I was with there. It made our deployment better I think.
Even harder to be celibate when some societies are very closed off and not intimate, loving, communal.
iMember
I kind of want to hear the horror story, but I am trying to be trauma-informed. 

...

Okay, tell us.
Where do we sign?
/r/HumansBeingBros
Some weeks at Mass I’m pretty down or “walled off” and I’ll glimpse a child or a young kid in Church and their care free-ness brings a smile to my face.
Funny you should post this. A mentor told me I should consider shaving before interviews. I don’t think I will. My beard is nice.
So even Apple?
I promise, it is more precious to others than you think. 
How about we do this every day?
I’m bipolar INF(P/J)
The second part of the Vision is a warning and call to steadfast faith, likely martyrdom. Inspiration will win out, violence will not protect us in the end.
What an amazing story. I was hoping to see him be a Saint. Certainly an example that touch the Hearts, truly a Man of God’s Will and a great follower of Jesus.
God Bless... <3 Semper Fidelis, brother. 
I’m glad my addiction is caffeine. 
I was the furthest from God and Christianity than anyone I know. I am in RCIA and feel called to God’s Love and the Love of Others. “I can’t explain it.” 
Which is which? The portrait on the right seems to be in fact the Madonna as previously mentioned.
You are certainly correct on the right photo. Thanks!
This scene secured the show for many years. 
You don’t. It is not natural to be celibate and chaste. It is by the grace of God in my experience.
I can hear the iPhone X at full volume when th shower and fan are running. The iPhone 7 at full volume I struggled to hear. Definitely much better! The alarm is much louder too, almost too jolting! 
I’ve said this myself so many times. Cool to see it in media! Haha
The Sabbath traditions have also inspired elements of the first portions of the Mass. Cool stuff! 
Thanks! So you can activate on Sprint but move to Virgin Mobile or Teltik?

Also, will the Sprint (Qualcomm) work internationally?
My reply was mostly in jest. But I did have pneumonia, I’m almost certain lol.
Many of us likely had chemical burns and pneumonia in our recruit class. Poopy pants? Just another day in the life of an E-0 nothing. Keep training.
iPhone Upgrade Program Questions:

Is the phone we get through Apple’s iUP unlocked? As in, once I pay it off, if I want to early, can I take it to Boost Mobile, Teltik, Boom! Mobile, and so forth? Specifically speaking, I will have a Sprint compatible iPhone X via iUP.


Isn’t science tied to observable phenomena? 
Thanks! 
Clarification: those of us currently on it are extended until 1/31, or new enrollments can happen under it until 1/31?
Project Director: Johnny Appleseed 
You picked a good first game! Hope you didn’t leave early. :)
/u/landoflobsters // Question. Is National Socialism itself a violence, or a political view that HAS had followers that were violent? Democracy has come about through violence and war as well... in the United States. Just saying, I am glad if we are removing those who actually incite violence, but those who hold views that we don't agree with being silenced is another matter, even if I really disagree with them.

edit: In response to reading that /r/NationalSocialism was removed.
Can’t change the past! Get in line now and if it gets bad tell them and I think most places have urgent appointments.
Better to get in line now. ;-)
Some of this may actually be mental health. Not to assume, but it can't hurt to talk to a priest or spiritual director at your parish, and even try a therapist if your school provides one? Some provide them for 'free' for students. Don't want to neglect checking into medical or mental stuff. No stigma here! Health is important. :)

If you completed your IRR, are you still able to be recalled? If so, likelihood even if there was a major push?
Due for a good clean up at a good beard barber. 
My mother is the Saint of Bulk Goods! <3
Okay with original movies, not a huge fan of funding adult cartoons. 
Sign up for the VA’s burn pit registry. Basically, do this if you served in OEF/OIF. Do it even if you feel healthy now. https://veteran.mobilehealth.va.gov/AHBurnPitRegistry/
Thank you!
Do you have any good links to material on this?
Are you saying that the Trinity speaks of how the soul or essence of an individual is also the Universal One Essence, or God the Father? It makes me think of the Hermetic saying: “As Above, So Below; As Within, So Without.” It makes me think to the parables of seeing the world in a “grain of sand.” That God is within each of us, and yet beyond all of it.
Can you be a practicing Jew without a community? Without a minyan? I ask as a curious non-Jew. From what I’ve gathered it is hard to separate from community.
#NeverShave 
Haha, thanks. I was serious about the mod interest, trying to be playful with the goy. Guys and gals... self deprecating humor, not a thing here? A bit surprised. Ah well! :)
Can they be goyim? If so, sign me up! If you don’t, do you hate diversity? ;)
Someone transitioned to 1st CivDiv well.
Questions / Socratic method of teaching > Instruction and one way delivery of content is what I’d say it translates to.
I definitely related to this! :)
Yes, and if possible, likely a wonderful exploit that may go unnoticed and thus successful. Just a question. I am literally ignorant on the matter, hence the question.
I think it’s a good question and consideration for any hardware decision for a company that publicly values privacy and security of consumers information.
Would this create holes concerning security?
Also please do not rule out a medical cause. If it’s causing issues in any area of your life, consider speaking to a clinician such as a social worker or psychologist to assess that it is not something more after a medical rule out.
I signed up for their protection and didn’t even get an email from it.
It’s a felony for some locations, though...
Can’t legally carry in any of those where I am. Unfortunate that laws restrict most likely places...

If I ever get in harms way at any of these I’ll be suing with the NRA or anyone who will help get the laws changed. Laws should serve to PROTECT us as individuals, not pacify us.
Siri watch face in the Apple Watch is amazing. Seems to be Apple’s version of the old Pebble setup.
I just got on Sprint’s unlimited plan for free, for one year. If they merged would I get better service for free? I wonder how it’d effect us? May stay if it’s decent price after with better service.

Likely will go back to third party anyhow to save money (example: Boom! Mobile)
That’s why I’ve always had a hard time with religious legalism or picking “one religion,” having found unique lens or “masks” of understanding who I, we, and God is/Am.

Gnosticism and more individualist focused religions/systems have been more palpable for me. Whether we focus on self centered / internal or selfless /external, we seem to lead to the same Thing.
This is how I’ve come to understand it, but I never seem to see the same take away from any Judeao-Christian followers.


∆

You’ve changed my views and nuanced it. Thanks for adding perspective!
How are you confirming respondents are post-9/11 veterans?
I have a plastic based trigger guard for a clip carry IWB Glock. Those shouldn't wear down or be a risk as the leather ones, correct?
This. Emotional support animals have also been abused as it is protected under ADA and housing stipulations but doesn't have the same degree of owner and pet training. Often abused to get around housing restrictions or policies and private businesses who may not want pets for various business or personal rationales. 

Regardless, the programs of emotional support animals and service animals are wonderful. This is why tolerance for abuse should be a low threshold with larger repercussions for fraud and abuse. It tarnishes a great program for people who need it.

Vietnamese fella waited until American threw his... haha.
It's intelligent then. I've had conversations with them/it.
Search "The Third Party" on Facebook. You can message him a location and time/date and he will manually find one for you. He is working on apps.
Summoning a Devil to Advocate the other side. What are their stated intentions or rationale behind this? Was it to investigate a specific incident of violence? There are extremists on both the right (KKK, neo-Nazis) and left (ANTIFA). Opposing views or public protest and organziing is legal and should be fine. However, when *either* acts violently, or an *individual* of them acts violently, that person or group of individuals should be pursued by the DOJ.

Are we sure this may not be the reason?
This was simply amazing. Thanks for sharing. Do you think taking probiotic pills once a day would help with mood and "happiness"? Article suggested one regimen was successful more than the placebo.
Can those completely done with their 8 year contract be drafted anymore?
Same!
Just wanted to say I'm proud of y'all. Semper Fi
/r/beards
I'll have the salad. 
To clarify, the DSM-5 classifies gender dysphoria diagnoses with the main stipulation behind "distress" about the incoherence of physical sex and gender identity. If there is no distress, then it is not a disorder. Being a transgender person does not prerequisite this diagnosis. Thus, it is not accurate to equate the two.

Another example is that bereavement after a loss or death for one may be uncomplicated and for another, complicated and effecting the quality of life and activities of daily life. The former is not experiencing a disorder according to the DSM and mental health research while the latter is indicated for treatment.
While not easy, these are going to be your brothers. Vulnerability is at the foundation of relationships. Trust your Brethren. 
If you can negotiate and explain the real inflation rate consideration, I wonder if this would help. Should be a law potentially. 
I look forward to a day when this is no weirder or to be ashamed of than any other health condition. Glad you are self aware and wise enough to do what's good for your health.

You are correct. Touché. 
Switch to T-Mobile or a third party that is not on Verizon. 
Definitely looks like an EA ring. Didn't know they made those. Look at the S&C and the top of the ring. 
Phi Gamma Delta is not all Freemasons. Not sure about Pi Gamma Delta. There is a historically Freemason fraternity (used to have to be a Master Mason to join, but no longer) founded by Masons called Acacia. 

Good luck on research. Hope to read it when you're done. Please do share here.
Very cool! Thanks to you both for your caution on proper communication procedure. 
Thanks for sharing this. I find the connections between the U.S. Marine Corps and early colonial lodges involved with the Revolution at Tun Tavern. Very meaningful for me personally, and cool to be involved with both.
That dude looks like Tom Hanks with a "I'm just a commoner" beard.
Active listening skills, calmness, directness, metaphor use, patience, comfortable with silence, and not being afraid to call 911 to have police come for their safety. I was surprised they wanted me to accompany them to the hospital after I felt like I betrayed them by having someone else call 911 in background. Normalizing the process. It's crazy for them but it's normal to go through crisis in the moment. There is no golden advice or magic. I'm sure I'll also experience the same skills used and it not working.

All of the skills and theories we learn, mixed with your own creativity comes together and it's pretty amazing. I was pretty "high" on the experience after. Good supervision is key as well after.
Why I have a 99% alcohol bottle in my car trunk. :P
Talking someone down from suicide in crisis and being able to say I may have saved a life. What we learn is amazing and it has a lot of potential to heal and save. Self-care and healthy professional boundaries are also key.
I've seen this in person! In New Orleans, right?
Thanks!
What do you propose the Square and Compasses are based upon? I'm told they they can themselves be found in almost all cultures. 
This is incorrect. CS and multiple others have confirmed it does not include music unlimited. That would've made me switch though.
I love capitalism. 
Talk with a social worker at the VA. They will have the best options and can help you navigate as well as advocate for you. 

You can also google disability rights. I can't imagine there are not laws protecting you. Sounds like it would be discrimination. 
Post 9/11 for a 4 year degree allows you to finish out an entire semester if you are a few weeks short or so, right?
I was pleasantly surprised by this as well. Got the band name for half the price.
Check out Boom Mobile. www.boom.us

I pay $30 or so for 2GB and unlimited text and talk on Verizon. 
Where is this text quoted from?
Thank you.
Thank you. Can you explain more? Intrigued! 
I've heard Reuters a lot. Why are they less biased than others?

Al Jazzera is interesting as well.

Can you speak more to why each is perceived as less bias than others to you and many others?
Is there a website or app that helps do this?
I agree that there is no such thing as bias, but more healthily an awareness the biases involved. Perhaps a comparative approach is best, finding a common thread behind each perspective being told of the 'event.'

Is there a good website or app to help in this?
I am also surprised that his name was released. I assumed he was asked and was okay with it. 
The vast majority of my friends near a liberal college campus and in a liberal city are still mourning their 'loss.'

I normally don't give a shit about "thanks for your service" but almost no one has even acknowledged the fact that it is Veteran's Day.

Too busy mourning a crook.
Thanks for the info!
Will they have upgraded 16GB RAM TouchBar models of the MBP 13" in store? Or are those only ordered online?
This is such an important post. Congratulations on the win, thank you!
Sounds like a very eclectic and engaging club. Good! 
Il get bac to i n the mornin
That's fair. Not terrible.
Yes, but if the seal breaks -- would it be covered and replaced by Apple? Some places may, as their customer service errs on the side of the consumer experience, but that's an expensive what if, for me at least.
Switched. :)
Would you wait for the next Pixel and stay with Fi or buy it now, in light of your esoteric knowledge?
Are you a Googler with insider info? Haha
Would T-Mobiles One *PLUS* plan that allows mobile hotspot unlimited ($95/Mo base plan for one individual, double check)?

You'd have unlimited phone and hotspot internet(data). Maybe other phone carriers have unlimited tether options?
This thread and subreddit scared me and I canceled my order. 
Thanks, Obama.
Literally.
I haven't switched. 
Thanks. I was also considering Boom! Mobile, who has Verizon coverage for 2GB (I think? Maybe more) for $30/mo.

I rarely go over 1GB as of now. Mostly on WiFi.
Maybe even RingPlus while I am in school and near WiFi a lot.
Thanks. I was thinking of getting the SE until the iPhone 8.

I wish I could do the Upgrade Program, but none of the major carriers have remotely good priced plans for an individual not on a family plan.

I could always purchase the iPhone 7 and sell it after a year. iPhone prices seem to stay pretty stable.
Also struggling with justifying a new phone at $649+ when my Nexus 5X gives me no issues.
Thanks for doing the Right Thing. 
This may be hard, but maybe consider sharing this post with them. Be vulnerable. It will help them understand, if only a little, how you're feeling.

In my thoughts.
I hope that Fi will do this after pre-order with the Pixel for Fi users as well. I pre-ordered the N5X and then it dropped a month or so after, and I was upset that I paid as much as I did.


I cancelled my pre order. Couldn't justify it. My phone is still great.
To the latter part: Why not?
This was beautiful and hit Home.
I can relate a lot to Thomas. I think he wanted to believe, but wanted to not be fooled or to have a false belief. Truth was important to him, nonetheless. 
Thank you.
RingPlus seems to be a good option to reduce price by taking a quality cut.

Boom Mobile seems to be maintaining the price but improving quality.

Oh? If so, awesome! 
I've seen some talk of Boom Mobile.

$34-35 for 2GB of data, throttled after that on the Verizon network. They also offer plan options for all different carriers. I hear they have good customer support as well.

Wonder how they are on updates to Android and so forth.
I already own the Nexus 5X. Suggestions were being sought for that device. Thank you, though!
What happens if we have phone insurance, the Nexus line is discontinued, we keep it, and the N5X breaks a few years from now. 
Check to see if RCIA programs are beginning at local Churches. It's around the time they begin. It's for those seeking to learn more and discerning conversion.
Same. Just updated!
Nope. Never the only one.
Awesome!

http://www.policymap.com is also a cool resource where you can analyze data such as cost of living, crime, population, quality of life, and so forth with a map overlay. Just learned about it today, so I found it oddly relevant to see this upvoted post just now. How cool!

I know. It was my general address to the Marine in the video. I can see how that'd be miscommunicated though! :P
Semper Fi. God Bless you.
Look up Team RWB in your area. They do all sorts of exercise routine near me. From yoga to functional fitness training to running, swimming, rucking, you name it (or organize it!)
Is this perhaps why my N5X hasn't updated to Nougat OTA in September?
Still have not received the OTA update in September. On a Nexus 5X.
I don't think that someone who is religious and feels that G-d has certain commandments or guiding behaviors is inherently, for lack of a better word, an asshole. Someone who is condescending or judgmental of another based upon their differences, is, to me, an asshole.

If they let it effect their role as a manager and inhibit your economic and career aspirations based upon that, then that is a character flaw (in my opinion), and has nothing to do with what their religion says about it, for them, and what they choose to believe and follow. 
This. In the Jewish root of thought, Man (female and male) is a microcosm of the universe. We are both animal, with a drop of Divinity.

Procreation is seen as the way in which we as Mankind can Create. It is seen as very sacred. It is how Hashem (or G-d) has instructed the Jewish people (and thu influence continues in influence on Christian and other Abrahamic religions') thought.

The impulse for intercourse, with various sexes, is very human. It is the animal impulse.  It's not an attack on the desire of sex for homosexual impulses anymore than it is on those with heterosexual sexual desires a acted upon outside of marriage.

As others have said, this is how Catholic theology approaches it as well. Love the sinner. It is the behavior in contrary to God's Will and commandments (sinning) that is rebuked.

We balance passions all the time. This is no different. It was an interesting difference when I understood it in this way.

Hate or homophobia is not condoned theologically by Judaism or Catholicism.
As someone learning more about Judaism, I really appreciated this. Thanks for sharing!
If the numbers come, they come. But the essence and core of the fraternity should come first. As you said, and I agree, quality trumps quantity. Those who may be interested for the right reasons will appreciate and be more likely to pursue Freemasonry if they have a quality Lodge near them.
Coincidences? Perhaps. They can be quite frequent. ;-)
Absolutely. I like this as well, but I struggle with the notion of needing Faith (belief without knowledge). I can do Hope. I can reason that Love is better than hate, and empathy is better than walling people off. Forgiveness feels, physically and emotionally and in all ways, better. "Like a weight is lifted."

But I do struggle with Faith -- not just in practice, but as an idea itself. Love I struggle with each day, but I know that it feels better, in the long-term and short, than hate or other labels for states of being.
Faith, Hope, and Love. Does it not say that all but Love will leave? I love the message of Love and the positive things we pull from the Great Books and teachings of Love. However, I do struggle with Faith and Hope. I prefer trying to enact and live it.

Love is truth in itself of it's own merit.
Consider looking into the National Guard (Air & Army components exist) of your state. If you have a degree, you can potentially go officer. Can't hurt to check it out. They have a monthly drill pay that varies around rank, time in service, and so forth. For officer, it is much higher and quicker.
I am a senior in college, using my Post 9/11 GI Bill for a bachelor's degree. I graduate next year. I am prior service. 

1- Could I enlist in the ANG and get 100% tuition at my state school for a Master's degree?

2- What question would you ask to determine whether officer or enlisted NCO/SNCO is a better option for someone prior service?

3- What route as an officer do you recommend for prior service in the ANG? 

Thanks!
Would going to A school be much quicker if you are prior service, go DEPOT, and come in as an E-3.
Good job! 
Agreed. 

I just requested the subreddit to accomplish this, or do so on our own (verifying brothers of course).

https://www.reddit.com/r/redditrequest/comments/4xji0b/requesting_rphigammadelta_abandoned_subreddit/
*My Big TOE* by Thomas Campbell is interesting and speaks a lot to this point.

Essentially an attempt to merge science and spirituality. I find it compelling, and useful to explore if nothing else. It's a long read.
The roof over my head. Food in my belly. Friends I can rely on and enjoy life with.

Truly blessed to have a sturdy foundation to build upon. May we not forget the beauty we already possess as we build higher.
Yup! I've used them and there are a lot of cool ways to get involved with other veterans and supporters. Rucking, yoga, running, functional fitness/CrossFit, etc.

Also check out Team Rubicon.

There are a ton of resources for veterans for employment. Also check out applying for Vocational Rehab through the VA.

If you're school has a Military office, try and continue to use their liaison with VA and other veteran organizations. Just because you have graduated doesn't mean you can't use them to get a kick start.
Congratulations brother. I'm in my senior year and I'm already anticipating that moment.

Find a new "mission." A purpose. And dedicate all behavior and actions towards its accomplishment. Don't forget to take care of yourself as well. Look for clubs. Consider non-collegiate fraternities like Freemasonry, or non-profits with mission statements you are passionate about to volunteer with (or work for!).

Use that knowledge for good in the world. Or evil. Whatever gets you going. 

Press on.
Thanks!
Contact the Grand Lodge of the state that they were from. I've been able to track down their initiation date and the lodge they were from.

It may take some time and investigative effort, but in my experience, the GL had a good record.

Good luck! Having a family history and lineage makes the experience of becoming a Mason very cool. It's a cool experience as a member of the military already, and as an American in my experience.


I am pursuing a social work degree. Interested in law enforcement.

Is parole/probation officer a good fit then? Please PM me if you are interested in letting me know more about it if you are in this job.

Thanks!
Thanks!
I've actually heard of this! If you are activated and go, how does that effect work and such? How can someone with a job be able to go volunteer? Is it paid travel, food, place to sleep and so forth?

Basically, is it covered under law like drills and activations in the Guard? Personal expenses? 

Thanks!
If you can improve it, improve it.

But I think a new Lodge would be best. Look up ones in your area. Look some up that are Traditional Observance as well. (http://masonicrestorationfoundation.org/lodges.html)
Thank you!
Good luck to you too.

Also check out Coast Guard. I am considering it as well. It's not all law enforcement, but security, rescue, and preservation of the waters around the U.S. is its mission.

There's a wait time, but they have a maritime enforcement A-school.
Thank you so much. I hope this helps others as well.
I'm told CG works a lot with other federal law enforcement agencies, depending on what you do and where. CG itself has federal law enforcement powers. Someone told me they even assist with the Navy a lot because the Navy does not have arrest powers.
Thank you! Is the 2 years as an E-3 non rate terrible? My baseline is the Corps and being a new guy is terrible.

Can you tell me more about ME and the specific mission that's different than the other two you referenced for boarding alot?
Good advice. To clarify, however, someone asked me what I would be interested in. I realize that the Marine Officer route is more about (a) being a Marine and (b) servant-leadership.

It would be a way to give back as well as be around the Corps again.
So another point for CG / LE. Haha
Agreed. I have gained more from the friendships I've made here than any class. In fact, I learn more on my own usually. Naturally curious and the internet and library is amazing on its own. Now I just feel like checking boxes and getting assignments done because I have to.
Thanks. I am going to finish, and most of these options should still be on the table then. Better to have it, than not. 
Good advice. I do want a sense of oath based purpose with camaraderie. Coast Guard, fire department, law enforcement seem to have those things.


Very cool scene! What show is this?
Not really interested in flying.
Social work. One plan is to continue on and work with Veterans on base or at the VA.
Thank you. I am going to sit down with someone to talk about the options, process, and eligibility for Marine officer, but I seem to be leaning towards Coast Guard enlisted.

They have a Maritime Enforcement (ME) MOS, but their A-School wait time is like 2 years. I'd go back to E-3 (was E-4 when I get out), but they would still keep me working somewhere at a station. Some places, especially if they are Search and Rescue, you still board vessels and such.

At my age and years of service, I can still fall within the required years to not get pushed out with the CG it sounds like.

Part of me wants to get out of college and just go now, but waiting it out will be better in all respects. Perhaps this is just a 'bug.'
I know we get to select very broad areas as our top three, and they ultimately pick after the Basic School from what I can gather. A quick look at the options for Ground (not Air/Law):

1- Military Police Officer
2- Signals Intelligence Officer
3- Public Affairs Officer
Go to your nearest recruiting station. You will be a god.
To each their own. Not saying this is how you must deduce your own thoughts or stances. 
"idk" either. But I am not certain of anything, rather I have varying degrees of probability. 

We can't operate our lives on certainty, because nothing is.

My 2 cents.
Patience is a virtue. I was interested in Freemasonry since I was even younger than yourself. I pursued DeMolay. Joined the military after high school. Pursued college afterwards. Joined a college fraternity.

Now, many years later, and having put this on the side, I am now about to become an initiated Entered Apprentice.

I am very glad I took my time, and gained some life experiences. Freemasonry will not be going anywhere. 

That said, when you turn 18, feel free to check out your local Lodges. My story is not yours. Regardless, the same stands true:

Patience is a virtue. A good meal can be spoiled if eaten too fast.
(Higher Power)

How would you answer:

"Is there an intelligence or being greater than you? Likely more influential in the world and reality that we can understand as a limited *Homo sapiens sapiens* entity within it? Does the ant not experience reality different than us? Are we not a Higher Power to that entity, more influential in their reality, but seemingly beyond it and in-comprehensible?"

To me, it makes more sense, even logically and rationally, that there would be a Higher Power... or a Grand Architect of the Universe.

That said, this is not about how we differ, but the common ground we have to one another. It's about bonds and unity, not labels and divisions.

My advice: Go and check out local lodges. Things like this can't be thought out, you just 'click' and feel at home or you do not. Every Lodge is a bit different, as the people are different.

I think today, young people are often too busy or into themselves based on our culture and time. Some more than others. I think it is around mid-20s or 30s, when school is over, and friends go their own way, when we begin to have more time to think of things outside of ourselves, have more time to fill and contemplate.

Freemasonry is a lot about going 'deeper' with what that extra time and thought allows. It extends to *others* and focuses on relationships and brotherhood **intentionally**. It may not be valued as quick.

However, that said, I am seeing a lot of revived or new lodges bringing in a diverse bunch, including age ranges.

I think Freemasonry has a big role right now. People are tired of divisiveness. They want purpose. We are in a world of hyper-connectedness (digitally), but feel devoid of intentional and quality, in-person conversation and bonds with others. This is a very human thing, and without it, you will see people finding ways to establish a deeper meaning with something, and others.

The big surge of numbers in the early 1900s is likely more of a enigma than anything. Quantity is not a measure of quality. 

Look into local lodges, also check out "Traditional Observance" lodges as well. http://masonicrestorationfoundation.org/
Uncle Sam's troll face.
Good stuff. Also check out your college's resources. Many have counseling and even veteran specific programs or resources. 
Always good to remember. Thanks!
Interesting. Those verses speak to multiple gods (Psalm), and then directs it to potentially being the 'divine' within 'us' (John).

Sounds similar to the theology of Mormonism as well. I know the founder of Mormonism was also a Freemason at one point.

*contemplates deeply*
It is how invested one is. Time can do it. Shared memory can do it (and struggle is often more pronounced in one's memory, in my opinion). Money paid can do it.

The best one, for me, is a shared experience.
> 
> 
> On the other hand, I believe that the value of a thing is directly proportional to the difficulty involved in attaining (and retaining) that thing, so who knows...

I cannot agree with this enough.
Very cool to see in action! Great job.
> If you look at the entire span of masonry's existence, the boom in the early 20th century was an anomaly and not the rule. Masonry has always been a fairly small and tight-knit fraternity, and honestly that's the way it should be. There's a reason why we have investigation committees and balloting. The attitude that we need to throw the doors wide open so we can reach the level of membership we had in 1952 is just wrong.
> 
> Let me put it this way. I'd rather sit in a room with three serious masons than with 50 masons who joined just because they were looking for a social club.

Hear, hear! This is the same attitude I take, in all areas of my life. Quality attracts quantity. Filter out those who would not contribute and maintain an environment conducive or brotherhood.

Slow, and steady, wins the race.
Phew. That would've been worse than the Green Weenie.
Fair enough. As prior enlisted and graduating in less than a year, I am considering officer. However, it sounds as though a lot of what I am interested in the USCG for, predominately ME and S&R, is not done by most officers.
So housing is not provided? To clarify, do they get a stipend / BAH for rent and such if no housing in provided? Or just use the base pay?

Hopefully not base pay alone, that would be rough.
In the Marines, a lot of people didn't get BAH unless they were married. How does it typically work in the USCG?
Does the USCG get BAH as a single member? I know a bunch of Marines dreamed of marriage (how unnatural, right?) to get BAH pay.

No barracks, eh?
That's fair. I've seen it range from ~$30,000 to ~$51,000 entry-level for civilian law enforcement. Considering that food and housing and travel is taken care of by Uncle Sam in the USCG, it is not THAT different, if not even better, even as an E-3 / E-4, depending on the pay being compared civilian side.
That's where I will be in a little less than a year's time. If I do not get hired by a good police department civilian side, I may heavily consider this as well.

Why, for you, did you not pursue an officer position (more pay, etc) with your degree already done?
Flip-1-2-b-1
I am about to finish my Bachelor's. Considering USCG as prior service (losing rank to an E-3 and pay) or civilian LE (more pay, settled down in one place).
Did you enlist after obtaining a Bachelor's degree? Clarifying.
@OP:

Get the hell out of where you are, change your ways, do your time, and better yourself. I promise you, it will be a better path you are on now. Your choice, but I do hope you listen.

Good luck.
One of the finest Marines I served with was a heroin addict, OD'ed 3-4 times. Wouldn't return to the US from Japan because he didn't want to start up again; knew too many dealers and places to obtain it.

You can change. It won't be easy. You won't get what you want -- this is SERVICE to your COUNTRY. You will be a piece of government property, at the end of the day. You may deploy. You will do what the needs of your branch are. Don't join on conditions, because they are never guaranteed. But you will have an **opportunity** to better yourself, during your time and especially after, if you take advantage of them and act properly and serve honorably. Nothing is given, it's all earned. But push on! You may be downvoted, but prove everyone here wrong.

(Also, learn to use grammar and communicate more proper. It seems dumb, but it goes a long way with impressions).
Loved it! This is what Freemasonry needs to start doing if we are to make it relevant to the new generations. It's the same message and purpose, but the medium to communicate it must be able to evolve with those who are to hear.
If I have 3.5 years prior service, enter as enlisted, wait 2 years for ME school, that puts me at 5.5 years enlisted just hitting E-4 (again, since I go from E-4 to E-3 again). Should I have any issues ranking up in time to stay in until retirement, in your opinion?
The police responded to the 'perceived reality.' For their part, they did well. If people can put themselves into their shoes, realize they are human, and consider the very real precedent of terror attacks (let alone the unsuccessful ones, which are not heard of), they did a damn fine job. Thank you for your courage and work.

However, if the person who called this in did so with ill intention, and was blatantly lying, I hope they receive justice as well. This is bad, if false, on so many levels, and it affects far more than a single incident, even if from police PR and national security perspective.
All I'm thinking...  keep your firearm secure. Keep your firearm secure. Lol
How would one be made a Mason if there are no 'operating' Lodges to be making Masons? Temples also need maintainence. What of those without internet or technology?
Thanks, brother. Semper Fi
I have a 1, and am eligible for re-enlistment.
I was E-4 with 3.5 years active before honorable discharge. Should I have an issue?
Thank you!
Social work, and 24.
Thanks. If I took this route, I would likely take the pay cut for the job role as enlisted. 
Thank you.

As far as officer, I would love to gain the advantages and perks of being an officer since I have put the time in to gain a degree. What can I expect as an officer in the USCG?

I am also open to the idea of being enlisted, if it is a better experience than being an officer, in terms of the job opportunities. If I did this, I would think that going active duty and making it a career would be wiser than reserve.
Literally the same thing Apple fanboys say. It just works. No issues.
:( 

I feel more for animals who are strangers to me, than humans who are strangers to me.
Awareness, wearing identity and constructing reality tunnels based upon sensory input.
Find avenues for brotherhood outside of the military. I know that I miss that a lot as well.

Fraternities, running clubs, Team RWB (red, white, and blue), #22Kill Campaign, etc, etc.

You are not alone in how you are feeling, and thus, finding others will be helpful to you both.
The same can be said about a healthy Greek Life organization, at least the ones that emphasize life-long bonds.

Good article, particularly this point:
>“Men have a harder time reaching their emotions and are less likely than women to reveal their emotional side. But when you have a real friendship, it’s because you’ve done just that.”

>He has found that “it’s important to expose yourself and be honest about what’s going on. If you reveal yourself in the right way to the right person, it will be just fine. There are risks, you can’t force it. Sometimes it doesn’t work — you get a don’t-burden-me-with-that kind of response and you know to back off. But more often men will respond in kind.”
Reservist's First Deployment

Good to hear, bud! Get well soon, persist. High five and thanks for your service.
History is written. Those upset write angst essays on top Reddit. The world moves on.
Thanks!
I've heard the "wear clean underwear" one, but goats? Oh boy. Haha.
Thank you. My favorite passage:

>For a more simple definition of ritual, here’s one that works: thought + action. A ritual consists of doing something in your mind (and often feeling something in your heart), while simultaneously connecting it to doing something with your body.
Thank you!
Become a sponge. I am a sponge. Become one with experience. :P

Thanks!
Thank you.
I actually edited it from "was" to "is." Haha
A damn good Marine, he is. :D
I can't say I don't have tattoos. I don't regret them, per say. But I didn't NEED them. They have certainly limited me in the job market post-enlistment. However, not terrible.

Either way, do what you will. But I do say, now being out, I would be fine without them as well. Consider not getting ink.
Five guys... at once?
You can go Combat Engineer and then lat move into Counter Intel as an E-4. Just don't do anything dumb, which will be hard as a 1371. ;)
One of our gunners did the same thing. Mixed it with sugar drink, though. Kid downed it. Savage, it was.

People can criticize, but they didn't have rocks thrown at them from kids, having to hold fire when you are expecting IEDs and gunfire at any moment. 
Congratulations! Mine is at the end of July. Very excited. :)
Look into which colleges have been ranked highest in military programming and transition assistance. 

There are some phenomenal setups at colleges out there if people choose to utilize them.

I've been able to find community and there are a lot of options, some military focused and some not. I like a mix.
The local Team RWB is great from first impression. Thanks again. I will pass this on to other veterans.
I was worried about this too. They are all different, and at each school. You really just need to take the time and try and find the best "fit" for you.

You'll likely find they think it's awesome that we are older and have served. A mentor if you will. But I've learned so much from them as well, and they've been there for me just as much or more. They'll surprise you.
Thanks!
> I also maintain contact with my local Team RWB (Team Red, White, and Blue). Which is a great group of veterans interested in **hanging out and being physically active.**

That's awesome. Especially the physically active part. I have started to slack here and accountability would be good.

Thanks!
I found this to be very helpful, and have heard many others mention in for those seeking to better understand Freemasonry.

http://www.amazon.com/Masonic-Myth-Unlocking-Symbols-Freemasonry/dp/0060822562
Considering it is for gaming, I don't want to skimp too much on something I'd use a lot.
It's actually a really good deal for what it is.

IPS, 1440p, 144Hz, 4ms response time, G-Sync, etc.

Those offerings usually put them at $700-800.
This is the current build:
[PCPartPicker part list](http://pcpartpicker.com/p/n8CZxY) / [Price breakdown by merchant](http://pcpartpicker.com/p/n8CZxY/by_merchant/)

Type|Item|Price
:----|:----|:----
**CPU** | [Intel Core i5-6600K 3.5GHz Quad-Core Processor](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/intel-cpu-bx80662i56600k) | $233.99 @ SuperBiiz 
**CPU Cooler** | [CRYORIG H7 49.0 CFM CPU Cooler](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/cryorig-cpu-cooler-h7) |-
**Motherboard** | [Gigabyte Gigabyte GA-Z170X-Gaming 5 ATX LGA1151 Motherboard](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/gigabyte-motherboard-gaz170xgaming5) | $139.99 @ Micro Center 
**Memory** | [G.Skill Aegis 16GB (2 x 8GB) DDR4-2133 Memory](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/gskill-memory-f42133c15d16gis) | $48.99 @ Newegg 
**Storage** | [PNY CS1311 480GB 2.5" Solid State Drive](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/pny-internal-hard-drive-ssd7cs1311480rb) | $109.99 @ Amazon 
**Storage** | [Hitachi Deskstar 7K2000 2TB 3.5" 7200RPM Internal Hard Drive](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/hitachi-internal-hard-drive-0f10311) | $56.95 @ Amazon 
**Case** | [Fractal Design Define S w/Window ATX Mid Tower Case](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/fractal-design-case-fdcadefsbkw) | $74.99 @ NCIX US 
**Power Supply** | [EVGA SuperNOVA GS 650W 80+ Gold Certified Fully-Modular ATX Power Supply](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/evga-power-supply-220gs0650v1) | $69.99 @ Newegg 
**Operating System** | [Microsoft Windows 10 Home Full - USB (32/64-bit)](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/microsoft-os-kw900016) | $108.99 @ SuperBiiz 
**Monitor** | [Acer XB270HU bprz 144Hz 27.0" Monitor](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/acer-monitor-xb270hubprz) | $515.99 @ Best Buy 
**Keyboard** | [Cooler Master Storm QuickFire Rapid Wired Gaming Keyboard](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/cooler-master-keyboard-sgk4000gkcr1us) | $81.24 @ Amazon 
**Mouse** | [Logitech G502 Wired Optical Mouse](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/logitech-mouse-910004615) | $78.00 @ NCIX US 
**Headphones** | [Audio-Technica M50x Headphones](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/audio-technica-headphones-athm50x) | $120.00 @ Amazon 
**Other**| GTX 1070| $400.00 
 | *Prices include shipping, taxes, rebates, and discounts* |
 | Total (before mail-in rebates) | $2069.11
 | Mail-in rebates | -$30.00
 | **Total** | **$2039.11**
 | Generated by [PCPartPicker](http://pcpartpicker.com) 2016-05-28 11:23 EDT-0400 |
How about this one, at a lower price point? Puts me at around $1,800-1,900 with accessories.
http://pcpartpicker.com/part/acer-monitor-xb270hubprz (Monitor)

[PCPartPicker part list](http://pcpartpicker.com/p/NVBhPs) / [Price breakdown by merchant](http://pcpartpicker.com/p/NVBhPs/by_merchant/)

Type|Item|Price
:----|:----|:----
**CPU** | [Intel Core i5-6600K 3.5GHz Quad-Core Processor](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/intel-cpu-bx80662i56600k) | $233.99 @ SuperBiiz 
**CPU Cooler** | [Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVO 82.9 CFM Sleeve Bearing CPU Cooler](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/cooler-master-cpu-cooler-rr212e20pkr2) | $24.89 @ OutletPC 
**Motherboard** | [Gigabyte Gigabyte GA-Z170X-Gaming 3 ATX LGA1151 Motherboard](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/gigabyte-motherboard-gaz170xgaming3) | $134.89 @ OutletPC 
**Memory** | [Kingston HyperX Fury Black 16GB (2 x 8GB) DDR4-2133 Memory](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/kingston-memory-hx421c14fbk216) | $59.99 @ SuperBiiz 
**Storage** | [Samsung 850 EVO-Series 250GB 2.5" Solid State Drive](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/samsung-internal-hard-drive-mz75e250bam) | $88.30 @ Amazon 
**Storage** | [Western Digital Caviar Blue 1TB 3.5" 7200RPM Internal Hard Drive](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/western-digital-internal-hard-drive-wd10ezex) | $47.49 @ OutletPC 
**Case** | [Fractal Design Define R5 w/Window (Black) ATX Mid Tower Case](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/fractal-design-case-fdcadefr5bkw) | $99.99 @ NCIX US 
**Power Supply** | [EVGA SuperNOVA G2 550W 80+ Gold Certified Fully-Modular ATX Power Supply](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/evga-power-supply-220g20550y1) | $78.99 @ SuperBiiz 
**Operating System** | [Microsoft Windows 10 Home Full - USB (32/64-bit)](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/microsoft-os-kw900016) | $108.99 @ SuperBiiz 
**Monitor** | [Acer XB270HU bprz 144Hz 27.0" Monitor](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/acer-monitor-xb270hubprz) | $515.99 @ Best Buy 
**Keyboard** | [Cooler Master CM Storm Devastator Gaming Bundle Wired Gaming Keyboard w/Optical Mouse](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/cooler-master-keyboard-sgb3011kkmf1us) | $18.99 @ Newegg 
**Headphones** | [Kingston HyperX Cloud Headset](http://pcpartpicker.com/part/kingston-headphones-khxh3clw) | $65.99 @ NCIX US 
**Other**| NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070| $400.00 
 | *Prices include shipping, taxes, rebates, and discounts* |
 | Total (before mail-in rebates) | $1900.49
 | Mail-in rebates | -$22.00
 | **Total** | **$1878.49**
 | Generated by [PCPartPicker](http://pcpartpicker.com) 2016-05-28 09:57 EDT-0400 |
I was considering getting a refurbished Macbook Air if my current MacBook Pro "retires."
Someone told me that if you want to play games and record video (Twitch), it is a good idea to have an i7. But if just gaming, an i5 is fine.
Freemasonry, Early America, and The U.S. Marine Corps are sitting at a bar, when...

http://www.midnightfreemasons.org/2013/11/freemasons-military.html
Thanks! 
This is a good point! Thank you for bringing it to my attention so I can explore it.
I really like this. Even if I am not able to wear a uniform at my future job/location, even just a basic set of clothing or an **item** I wear like jewelry or something to designate work mode / personal time.

Thanks!
Social workers have told me our area's main struggle is transportation. I am making sure I am reasonably covered by consulting a lawyer, my car insurance agent, and the school beforehand.

Does that sound reasonable? Obviously make a judgement call and tell the agency I'm with if I feel unsafe if this all checks out and is reasonably precautionary.

I don't think I can ever have 0% risk of liability. But it makes sense to be thorough and prepared as much as possible, which is what I'm trying to do.
Thank you for the insight. My car insurance agent said it didn't sound right and wasn't sure if they could cover me.

I am clarifying with the agency on the liability coverage. The college's does not cover personal client transport but they told me to make sure the agency would cover me.

Getting more info and making sure it looks good from my car insurance agent and the school.
Thanks. Those were the best two 1440p, IPS, over 25' monitors **under ~$500** that came up. This didn't show up for me due to the budget constraint. Ideally, I wouldn't want to spend that much.

At that price range, I mine as well go up to a 4K. But not sure I have that $$.
No problem! 
Has this been effective for you?
Translates to "pancakes" as one would understand it today.
Consider a Jesuit Retreat. It is done with a group, but is very internal and spiritual. Maybe just check out your options. I know some local dioceses offer them, or there may be a retreat center near you.

http://jesuits.org/retreat-centers

You may even just want to try the Daily Examen.
http://www.ignatianspirituality.com/ignatian-prayer/the-examen
I already learned this the hard way. I could not get a refund on this, and I may return my pre-built. If I will build my own after the GTX 1070 comes out is yet to be determined. I may just be out $40 (I missed the 50% off sale as well!) lol
Can you explain what K means? And what is over clocking? I see both a lot.
My pre-built has an i7-6700 and not a 6700**K**. Will that differentiate our experience? Also what monitor were you using -- 1440p 144Hz 1ms?
Thanks 
I got the ASUS G11-007T for $999. With accessories (wireless headset, gaming mouse, and 1080p monitor) and 3-year replacement protection at Micro Center, I was at $1,560.

If I get a 1440p 144hz, 1ms monitor as an upgrade, that would put me around $2,000 total with that pre-built build, accessories, and 3-year protection and replacement at a nearby Micro Center.

So a 1440p 144Hz monitor would slow it down, rather than increase the ability of FPS, even if it falls short from 144? A 1440p monitor wouldn't **improve** the experience from a 1080p?
That was my next question -- I wanted a better monitor. Coming from a MacBook Pro (non-Retina), my eyes hurt with the 1080p monitor I have.

I was looking to upgrade to a 1440p, 1ms, 144Hz monitor. That would be too much for this pre-built build?
What about this pre-built computer? Found it on sale for $999.

http://www.amazon.com/G11CD-US007T-Gaming-Desktop-Nvidia-GTX970/dp/B016E80RFO
Interesting. Makes me reconsider my plan for a replacement should my current MBP 'retire.' I may be fine, though. I don't do much intensive stuff.
Can one use the compatibility checker in MacGamesStore and, if it works, download via Steam?
I have a late 2011 MBP and I still haven't used half of the space. You may only need a MB Air. Double check your use and see what is needed so you don't buy something you won't use 
Used a 1080p Dell monitor the other day. My eyes hurt. I have a late 2011 MBP **without** Retina and it is way better.

The user experience is just awesome, minus gaming unfortunately. A 1440p monitor is like $500 too for a good one.

It gets expensive and I didn't realize how nice MBs really were.
That's how I feel. I love the user experience of a Mac, and thus would want these for my daily 'driver' use. The only thing I would need a PC for is gaming, and unfortunately, both Mac/Apple and *gaming* PCs are expensive hobbies and loves. :)
I'm sort of at the point where I think I will keep a PC for gaming and add-on to it. Once this MBP (late 2011) hits the graveyard (if it does!), then I will likely just get a MBA for school, internet browsing, writing, etc on the go.

Other than gaming, I don't ever do anything that would need anything other than a MBA (and that's because I want the sleekness; I could also easily get by on a Chromebook for what I usually do).
> My suggestion though is to at least get 1440p monitors, especially if you are planning to run Mac OS on it (and for gaming of course). 

Can you suggest a reasonably priced 1440p monitor for a gaming PC? I am at ~1600 now with all of the accessories and a 1080p Dell gaming monitor that cost ~$150. 

All of the 1440p monitors seem to be ~$350 (maybe) to ~$900 or more. Hard to justify, since I can get a new computer for that price. Almost to the price of a MBA! Haha
Interesting. So I can use Mac and boot a gaming PC rig inside the case, eh? Nice! I bet it costs quite a bit to do this. I will look into it more.

Any suggested, good, resources on this to learn more and get help?
From a in-the-process-convert to the PCMasterRace, and a fellow service member... Semper Fi. Thanks for this.
Excuse my ignorance, but do you have a link to something that can explain this concept more, or even an actual product that matches this?

I don't fully conceptual this. I appreciate you taking the time to respond and help me out.
Agreed, and this is where the whole "a PC is cheaper and more powerful for more things" argument seems to end. Most of the 1440p browsers I saw seemed to be ~500-1,000, which is my price range for an entire PC itself! Hard to justify that. I could be wrong, though, and there may be more affordable 1440p monitor options.

There is no arguing that my MBP late 2011 has a better monitor/screen than the Dell monitor I bought for the gaming PC.
So you see my dilemma! I bought my MBP late 2011 ~5 years ago. Honestly, looking back, I am not sure I needed a MBP. I barely have used half of the drive space and I generally use it for school; writing, internet, and so forth. Who is to say? Perhaps it is more future proof in the long run, and thus worth the extra $$. A Mac Book Air may be all I need anyhow.

If I keep my PC gaming rig, perhaps I could just upgrade it as needed for gaming needs, and get a MB Air for school / general internet browsing while I am mobile?

The other idea, and even cheaper, would be to get a Chromebook or a decent ~300 range PC laptop.

It appears it is End-User Experience (Mac) vs. Affordability/Upgrade-bility (PC) to me.
Thanks. I am learning. I have had a gap of ignorance (go figure) as a Mac user. :)
How does this one look? Under $200 and Full HD. This is higher than 1080p, right? I appreciate the help.

http://www.amazon.com/Acer-GN246HL-Bbid-24-Inch-Display/dp/B00KO4518I/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1463683460&sr=8-1&keywords=Acer+GN246HL+24%22+3D+Full+HD+Widescreen+Monitor
Oh, okay. Thanks. I was a bit worried about building and I wanted to get established sort of quick (gaming > the art, for now). I would love to build my own in the future, though, mainly for the art of it and as a hobby/skill to learn.
Fair. It is just hard for me because I am in college and I am mobile most of the day, and a MBP packs a damn good punch for its mobility and user experience (other than gaming, in my experience). I don't think I would even need a MBP next time, I think a MB Air would suffice.

However, in terms of gaming (which is what I want), this is probably the only option. Consoles lack the community that makes the games I enjoy fun.

I spent the money, but have just been struggling with the transition. The mouse feels cheaper, the keyboard is a bit more sticky (compared to Mac's keys), and my eyes feel the difference between 1440p and 1080p. But the games, when I can, are fun! 

I still have 15-30 days to return, so I am just sort of trying to figure out what to do.
I looked into it and 1440p seems to be the standard for the late 2011 MacBook Pro that I am comparing my new PC monitor to. Makes sense, it is much 'sleeker.'

It seems it gets quite expensive, which makes the price tag for this new system sort of less frugal in comparison to a MacBook.
I asked a few people who build their own and they said $999 for this was not a bad deal at all, some said 'steal.' I have never built a PC, and have been out of the PC market for a long time, so I went off the info I was given and could find from multiple sources.
Not sure of the specifics, but it is an earlier model of Macbook than the Retina. Late 2011.
Can you look at the monitor I shared above and let me know where this one stands, in comparison to other ones >$200 price range?

It sounds like it should be good, but it just doesn't match the Mac's screen. Is it because it is LED and not LCD with LED lighting? Would that make it more "sleek", like my Mac?
Why are we attacking the OP? They were sharing their new perspective and the lesson is: who am I to judge? It was against prejudice against someone for being of a different socioeconomic class.
Yes! There is a beauty in this unity. We are equal, when we get down to it, in that we each are humbled to the level through our own Crosses.
Very cool! The image of the rams/lambs (?) surrounding the water looks very similar to a Mormon piece in their Temples, according to some comparative religion research I have done.

I know Joseph Smith, the founder of the LDS faith was a Mason for a short while. Not sure if he was regular.
You all seem like a laid back, fun community, that's close, and also enjoys Arma III. I just invested in a gaming system, so I will be checking out the Teamspeak and server soon, once I get my important obligations (real life, blah -- haha) done and set everything up.

Look forward to it!

I'll probably go by "Delta1848" if I can.
You can craft wings and fly? I need this game now... haha.

What can't you do? I am considering buying. Is it complicated? I am mainly looking for a fun community with a game that can play on my computer.
Cool. Any particular good articles you can suggest?
Well said. So, it is not to the question of the Divinity of Jesus of Nazareth and the Resurrection for me. As I've said in previous posts in /r/Catholicism, I really think that the fact that historicity and logic/reason seem to hold up best for Catholicism as opposed to Protestantism is a key thing for me. I feel that, if we are in the Image of God, and His Creation, that our ability to reason and invent and create (technology, medicine, etc) is also a product of such, and that we should not deny it.

That said, I have also pursued, explored, and practiced (experiential learning) various religions, philosophies, and paths -- some perhaps deemed heretical or evil by Catholic or Christian standards. I am not perfect, but I **do care** about the Truth, if there is one. My renaissance adventures for the search of Truth have opened me to what appears to be Truth, found in pieces, in all different religions.

For me, I can accept that I am not able to take a stance of atheism (there is no God/Higher Power), agnosticism (there cannot be knowledge of God; how do I know? A lack of knowledge doesn't mean that I cannot know at some time). However, my adventures and experiences of other paths and 'answers' to the deep questions we all have, seem to indicate that dogma, or a codified religion, or a philosophy of another, always seems to fall short, at least a little -- **but that doesn't negate the good that I have found in each of them, in their own way, in their own answer to the fundamental questions and curious calls of humanity**.

I guess I am struggling with the notion of Truth, if it is realtive or not.

If there is Truth, I am having a hard time believing that this is it, and not another of the endless interpretations and answers to Truth. Perhaps we don't have it yet, perhaps we never will?

I have found that a stance of *acertainty* is my most honest descriptor. I don't know, but I want to. The idea of Faith, to me, speaks of "belief without evidence," but to remain true to my dedication to wanting to know the Truth, this appears to set me up for being biased towards accepting a statement or notion without truly knowing it to be true, or even being confident, when compared to other claims, that this is most likely it.

I am working on it, and exploring it, and I appreciate each one of you who support me in this.
Agreed, I suppose. Just trying to flesh out what I meant. I have a habit of having healthy lungs, and thus being able to be long-winded, as you say. :)
Prefacing the conversation with humility and love.

"I am not perfect, and even guilty on this one from time to time, but.."

", and regardless, I do this because I know we both share this faith and I want to make sure *we* are both following the right path and behavior. It's out of love, so please don't think I am trying to judge you! :)"
As a seeker and inquirer, I would agree with this as this has been my experience as well. **If one presupposes or accepts the essential starting piece of belief in Jesus of Nazareth as a real person, and the Son of God, then** it cannot be Protestantism, in my wager.

However, I am also interested in the concept of Restoration (think LDS/Mormon). However, the evidence is much, much weightier for the Catholic Church.

I am heavily leaning towards Catholicism, but the foundation piece (bold above) is not something I am confident of at this time. But I am exploring it.

I've always been more of a esoteric / mystic / personal connection route than an exoteric / human authority position. The latter just seems... ripe for abuse, as we are not Divine and thus sinful/fall short/subject to corruption and mistake. The former had led me to more of a universalist or finding the common behind the differing symbols of various religions. In essence, I have studied the common essence and motivation/experience that had led humans to form exoteric, organized religions, which often find their source and root and inspiration from esoteric or personal experiences first. Think prophets, etc.
Just as light comes from the sun, so too does Reality/Experience come from the Son/Soul in the Image of God/Consciousness, etc.

Is material reality a subset or is it simply how we currently experience reality? We would not have an image without light to make it apparent to us. So, too, would we not have reality or the world we call material without the Sun of Consciousness.

Metaphors, but intended to communicate a metaphysical concept. Make sense? Let me know if I can clarify.
Are there places one can go to find the more sacred Mass? How do we know where to find it if so? I think it's called Extraordinary Form, right?
I love you. And I hope that you are alive. I hope you read this, and despite your pain, know that us humans need one another. We need to love one another, *and ourselves*. Even if we need to just acknowledge we are having a hard time doing that, but it is the right answer regardless. We need to be able to forgive our failures and falling short.

Shooting for a high ideal can make us seem more of a failure, but we go far further with lofty goals than apathy, even if we appear to fall short more.

Please call someone. You are worth it, and so are others. 
I think it's also a sin to think that God cannot forgive your sins if one is truly repentant. This is the true beauty of this claim and examples the depth of Charity.

Sunshine faith is one thing, but I think you are now experiencing the true miracle and blessing of this claim of forgiveness that the Church testifies of, in a Cloudy faith. If that makes sense.
When taking on this perspective, one really appreciates what a celebration and Joyous occasion it is in Church and during Mass.

Thank you.
God is love. Then why would His Gift be fear...?
Thank you! This response was life giving. :)
I do not claim that I cannot know, because how can I know if I can know, until I do, or not (agnostic)? I am also not atheist for the same reason.

Acertain, meaning I am without certainty.

edit: I guess it is said: "The **mystery** of *faith*" and not the certainty of truth, yes?
"Nobody should expect to be compensated for their time to obtain knowledge and educate others."

If you can't agree with that, then you can't agree with your current view.
Have you ever checked out the Thomas Jefferson Bible? As a Unitarian Deist, Jefferson took out all talk of Divinity and the supernatural and compiles the morals and lessons of Jesus Christ from the Gospels.
In Part 1, it says that Jesus Christ achieved Godhood before becoming mortal.

How could he do that before taking on flesh, as we must, to become like God? I am not Mormon, but this is according to my sense of the Church's theology.


I think Luther removed some stuff though, didn't he? Hehe
What edition is the MM Bible? 
Thank you. So if one is sincerely sorrowful, and asks forgiveness, is not baptized or confirmed, and not yet able to do so via RCIA, will they still be saved, according to Catholic Doctrine?
Thanks. I am reading through it. One paragraph that sticks out already:

> There is an impulse to Freedom planted deep in the human soul by the Creator of man's being, and never till it awakens does man **realize his birthright and evolve to higher planes of life**. Previous to this awakening he is either a slave to his own animal nature or held in the bondage of superstition and fear by some despot who claims the right to rule him "by the grace of God," either in the name of religion, or by the power of political prerogative.


I have identified as an atheist at times *in the past*.

I would say, more accurately, I am acertain of a specific religion or belief system, but acknowledge that there is something Higher that is a Mystery to me, that I have felt called to Seek my entire life.

This article sums up where I am nicely: http://www.freemasons-freemasonry.com/freemasonry-supreme-being.html
Yes, but a grave sin is a grave sin, regardless of whether one is a fully initiated member of the Church -- right?

How does someone who has not yet been able to start RCIA and go through the initiation absolve themselves from sin? 

What happens if one dies before?
> Don't expect anything more than feelings. 

I have had many feelings about many things; some were true, some were not. I understand the notion of trusting one's feelings, but on such an important matter to me, I don't think it is enough.

Truth can also hurt, and not be what we like, or 'feel' about it. Why should a good feeling indicate truth?
> I eventually started reading about it myself, then reading about theology. I agreed to go to an Orthodox Church with my boyfriend because I was intrigued, still quite unsure as to whether I believed in God or not. That was when *everything sort of clicked for me. Not in a 'God is real, this is the way forward!' sort of way, but* **it just felt right.**

Yes! That was how it was for me. But I still struggle with the notion of "What if I am fooling myself? This is not a way of knowing truth! A feeling?"

How did you address that, if you experienced it?


> Faith is not 100% belief that "He"(quotations around He because in English there is no gender neutral pronoun, and God has no gender outside of Jesus) exists. That is called knowing. So faith is very much a question that remains to be answered. Faith can very easily be described as hope and trust mixed as one.

Thank you. This speaks to two things that I held as a personal interpretation, but never knew was the official stance by the Church.

That is (**a) God is gender neutral**. I always thought it weird that God would simply be male or female. To me, the idea that his Name is "I am who am" speaks to a deeper level of Being and consciousness, within and without us; all encompassing. Hard to understand, but I 'get' it... I think. :D

And **(b) my struggle with the concept of Faith**. I would say that my general epistemological stance on life, despite varying degrees of probability (sometimes close to certainty), is that of being **a**certain. I can hope that there is a God, I can love a God that stands for Love and Goodness, but **I have a hard time with** **trust**.
> This is utterly different from a higher power in every way, and I agree that it is reasonable. Honestly all we have to imagine is the human race in 100-200 years and they would most certainly be "larger" than us. I also agree that you can conceptualize something like the entire Earth's ecosystem as one large piece of "life".

This is how I am defining it. I realize that the words and phrases "Supreme Being", "Higher Power" and "immortality of the soul" have traditionally been used to a very specific definition or concept in various belief systems and religions. However, I am arguing for the more general concept, which is what we both agree on via reason (perhaps not the latter; in terms of soul).

You may not agree with my choice of words, or general interpretation of it, in this dialogue, but just be aware that is what I am saying or intending to communicate right now.

> Where your reasoning is unjustified is the notion that, given zero evidence so far, there exists something that is beyond the laws of the universe, or exists in contradiction to those laws. Even a race of beings that has the ability to travel between dimensions would still be utilizing the framework of the universe.

Again, I think we are miscommunicating. I agree, a Supreme Being would not exist outside of the laws, assuming we are not mistaken on some points of physics. I don't think we fully understand everything, so some things may seem outside of the 'possible.'

One's concept of a god or gods is separate from the general sense of a higher power, for me anyhow, in how I am communicating the concept.
> 
> I do find the humility in scale amazing, so we can definitely agree on that. However the part that we probably disagree is on the notion of universal connectedness, in that there is some "extra" beyond normal that links everything. It's not that I don't think that would be amazing, it's just that I don't think it's true because I haven't been convinced by reliable evidence. I understand your position is different based on a personal experience, which is totally understandable.

I agree with all of this. I am not certain of much, let alone this stuff! :)
Is there a formal time for a priest to speak to people, outside of Sacraments? Like 'office hours'? Or does this just happen one-on-one, by request?
I can accept a belief in a Higher Power/Supreme Being by logic and reasoning, and personal experiences.

However, I am considering different specific belief systems, namely Roman Catholicism.

I recently petitioned a Lodge, but found out that the Church does not allow for Catholics to be Freemasons.

While I have not chosen Catholicism, it does stick out in my consideration of a denomination or religious path, perhaps in the future.

I just feel that it is a real shame that I need to question either, as I think they are both Good and would be empowering to one another.

Am I wrong? It does appear that a priest and others have confirmed, with citation, that a Catholic cannot be in good standing and be a Freemason.

:/

> Mortal sins are the ones that need "Grave Matter", and those are deadly.

How does one who is not confirmed in the Church go about removing a 'grave' sin? Can we get a blessing or something from a priest?
>  That's not to say we should presume we are--we can be open to the possibility of something existing that's greater than us--but we shouldn't assume that we aren't since we have no evidence to the contrary. 

I don't think I disagree with this. In fact, I think this is my stance. I tend to try to remain **a**certain about all things; degrees of probability are more useful I think.

In line with being acertain, please read the comment section of the article you shared. Certainty in any direction is not warranted; for or against. Skepticism is fine, but a final word on "this is it" is not very honest either. Belief and disbelief alike, in my opinion, should be avoided.
http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/peace-of-mind-near-death/

This is a very good point. I agree that my concept of higher and lower is a value judgment, and inherently biased.

That said, do you not agree that it is reasonable to assume that there are degrees of life vastly larger than us?

Perhaps the ant is not the best scale. I think of the microscopic cells, and then to our planets, floating in space. It brings a sense of micro-to-macro levels of life. Perhaps, in our limited range of observation and understanding, we are all living on a tiny portion of a much greater ecosystem. Perhaps we are in the 'telescopes' of another scale of existence.

Perhaps. I know. It is speculation, but it is not without reasoning. Perhaps there is not a Supreme Being or a Higher Power. Again, I am not speaking to any attributes or characteristics of it, merely that it, to me, follows reason that, in terms of scale, we are smaller to something greater -- just as other things are smaller to us.

Is this not reasonable? The greater thing may be completely unaware of us, aware of us, non-intervening, intervening, anthropomorphic, or something vastly removed from any concept I can imagine.

If anything, it is humbling. It is amazing. I just enjoy it. :)
I clearly misread your latter point.
1. It is more reasonable to assume that there exists a higher power (or more advanced being) than *Homo sapiens sapiens*.

2. Immortality of the soul can also be translated as the continuity of existence (without end; continuous). In this sense, I am comfortable, with this logic, and through personal experiences and experiences of others that appeared to be an OBE that point to the reasonable chance of an 'immortal soul.'

3. By the same same reason, a more specific and certain (dogmatic) statement in a codified religion or belief system (Christianity, Hinduism, etc.) would require more evidence, and thus not as reasonable to hold.
Clarification is important. Communication is not going to ever begin to be perfect. As the sender of this message, I hold some responsibility, but so does the 'receiver.'

If you need further clarification, it would probably be good for me as well to do so.
My actual claim in (b) is that religion or codified belief systems require much more than reason can allow, for me, at this time.

My claim in (a) is that I can speak to the general notion of a being in superior power than myself, without detail or full understanding, if at all. Also, that due to personal experiences, I am not certain that existence ends, especially since I will never be able to experience non-experience (non-existence; Death).

I understand science as a method of epistemology. I quite enjoy it and am thankful for it. Nothing I have said contradicts the requirement of evidence. I am not making bold statements, or claims with certainty. I am merely using reason to speak of probabilities or likelihoods. 
I would say that we have similar hardware, and thus we share many similar renderings of reality. That is, we often experience reality in similar images. Those who take drugs have their hardware altered, and thus experience slightly altered experiences.

Our common hardware allow for general agreement on reality. When someone differs from the majority, they are 'deviant' or ab*normal* to the consensus/majority.

In this sense, how can we even have truth? We can have agreement, in varying degrees. No?
I am speaking of a general concept. I do not need to claim any specifics, because I do not know. I can have a general concept, without an idea of further specifics.

In that sense, perhaps it is alien. It depends on our frame of reference. I am thinking in terms of the Universe, not simply the USA (foreigners also 'aliens' from this frame), North America, or Earth. Thus, one could call such a Higher Intelligence or Being an alien if they wished.

Again, I am not speaking on specifics, merely the concept of a Being or thing higher in power than us. To me, as I addressed in my OP, it makes reasonable sense in general, as opposed to us being the 'top of the hierarchy' in terms of all existence and lifeforms in the Universe.
>  But even then, to jump from "unexplainable" to "gods did it" is quite the leap.

I am not claiming this. I am simply saying that it is not something I have ruled out, and I don't think it is an unreasonable potential. Perhaps more so than not, at least in my estimation.

> To me, the presence of a "higher power" makes more assumptions than the simple acknowledgment that we have not yet solved the proper equations.

I just feel that the likelihood of a being more sufficiently intelligent, advanced, and powerful than us (likely that it would be described as a 'God' by humans, based upon our use of the word thus far, if it were experienced or discovered, or if we had an intervention from it) to be more likely the case than not. That is, it is more likely that we are not the highest of life, given the multiple examples and evidence of the hierarchy of being and power (ant to human) than that we are.

To me, to claim that we are it, and there is no being 'higher' in 'power' and 'advancement' than us, is less rational or founded. I can't prove this, nor do I claim certainty, but it does seem more reasonable to me.
I did not define what this 'God' (what I think a Higher Being would be experienced and described as, in my opinion) would entail for certain.

I also did not say that I believed it is an alien, simply that this can be one manifestation of a potential reality of hypothetical Higher Power.
> I'd argue that accepting the dogma of a particular faith is an important step toward spiritual progress, in the same way that positing a hypothesis is a vital first step in scientific inquiry. If you don't posit that hypothesis and move forward with your inquiry on the basis of certain assumptions, you're never going to learn anything.
> 
> I like your metaphors. But as you're saying you've had many realizations through the experience of 'walking many paths,' then it seems that your own experience has demonstrated the value of adopting a particular dogma -- as you couldn't have arrived at where you are without having embraced religious dogma in the past.

This is interesting. Talk is one thing, action (and experience) is another. I would agree, in general, that talk and speculation is cheap.

Experience is a much better source of wisdom than speculating and philosophizing alone, if one is open to lessons that may present themselves.

Do you argue that one must pick a single dogma for life, or that people, like myself, can 'walk' various paths, one at a time, and learn much? I pull gems of knowledge from each new path, and realize the common threads between them.
By power, I personally mean the ability to influence. That can be from a higher degree of intelligence, size, understanding, or so forth. I am not sure on the details, but I would say that humans have more power (ability to influence by scale) than ants.

In the same manner, I would argue that a Supreme Being would be a Higher Power as such, comparatively to us.
> A reasonable assumption is one that is backed by at least some evidence. Eg, I can reasonably assume that the sun will rise tomorrow, or that my left leg will not spontaneously turn into a snake. I can make these assumptions on the back of all the evidence I have observed in my lifetime.

I agree with the former (the Sun rising), but don't think the latter is reasonable, based upon historical experience and observation (personal evidence).

However, my reflection on the preponderance of evidence for varying levels of intelligent life, where I think we are less likely to be the 'epitome' or 'apex' of, despite our ignorance of all truth, indicates that there is likely something of a Higher Power, even if I may never understand it or interpret it, much like an ant will never fully understand my influence on it. A step on the sidewalk may appear as an earthquake to them, for instance.

I don't think it is unreasonable, and I think this constitutes, for me, at least *some* evidence. We may disagree, and that is fine with me.
> While God might not reveal Himself in the same way He did to Joseph Smith, He will reveal Himself to you. And I mean He will. I have some crazy stories. I have seen angels with my bare naked eyes and known they were angels. I have spoken to one of them. I have a supernatural witness of the Book of Mormon. I'm a convert. God called me to be Mormon. I in no way wanted to be Mormon. But He chose me and out of a broken beauty I said yes.
> 
> You can experience God. Take Moroni's challenge: ask God about the Book of Mormon, whether it's true or not. Even if you don't have faith, have the desire for faith. God can work with that. Pray to a God you don't believe in. Tell Him you don't believe in Him. He'll show up.

Thank you for sharing your testimony with me.

I hope you are right, to be honest. I will try. But I have little faith.
Fundamental in the sense that this is political and social power. The power of an ant versus a Homo sapiens sapiens is fundamentally, by its very form and base self, automatically less powerful and advanced.
> > If you believe it would interact with us,
> 
> To clarify, I said it **may**, but I am not certain of this.
> 
> If 'it' could and wished to interact with us, I do think it would follow that it would interact with us. 
> 
> > If I had a button I could press to force God to appear, I'd press it. I don't and actually I'm okay with that. Doing so would give me power over God and that doesn't seem like a more powerful being anymore. 
> 
> Assuming a Higher Power could and wished to interact with us, I would think it would do so in a way that would be known to us, and without us needing to press a button. I may not be more powerful, but if it desired to do so, why would it not? Why would I need faith that it wanted to, and has, or can?
> 
> It is reasonable to be uncertain of this, until I have evidence or personal experience or observation of such an interaction. How cool that would be! I am not opposed to the idea, or notion, but I have not had that experience.
> 
> I don't think we can ever fully know everything about God in the same way that an ant can never fully understand me. Religion comes in to help fill that gap. In Christianity at least we believe that God adopted a human form to interact with us.
> 
> I can only know things about Him because He reveals them to me. 

I am not sure about this either. However, I am comfortable with the 'gaps' that is uncertainty, myself. I can accept the original points in my OP, but I am not sure of the specifics, as I addressed in the OP.
The conclusions and tenants of this faith sound wonderful, and I would be inclined to agree with many of them. 

However, the Bahai faith still includes 'messengers' that established it. That is, they have some authority separate than I. I think, rather, that they came to these conclusions, much as I can agree, through reasoning and personal experience and observation.

Thus, I still struggle to find the need to join a organized religion or belief system, even if it is congruent with my own current stance based upon evidence, personal experience, observation, and reason (-based) assumption/hypotheses.
> this might be possible if your not thinking in the religious sense, after all with the amount of planets there are there is bound to be life out there and with our limited scope who can say if we are in any way central to the "big bang", thus its quite possible that there are other races that are a million years ahead of us in science, and as the quote says ""sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic""

Some religions, such as Raelism, are based upon aliens. So, let us be careful with assuming that religion needs to be metaphysical or outside of our assumed material realism paradigm that many seem to possess today.

> now the whole soul thing is a bit more iffy considering we are essentially hydrogen and time, if you postulate souls exist they must have started some time, but do single celled organisms have souls, do multicellular organisms have souls etc, ones you try and cut it down to only humans having souls you need a reason why only we have it, (aka religion) or if you claim all life has souls then all your bodies cells have separate souls and you as a single person would have non.
> 
> (I'm more of the type of i was omniscient before i was born and i will be after i die as I'm just part of the universe trapped inside a single vessel, after i die I'm simply the universe again.)

I truly do not know, and thus cannot answer these points. Ultimately, it is a mystery. That I acknowledge. However, I mention reason as to make a 'reasonable assumption' due to my own personal experiences, the shared experiences of others that appear to corroborate my own, **that at least makes it a possibility for a continuous existence, not restricted to possessing a body**.

This is clearly an assumption, and not something I hold to by faith or claim with certainty. But I do not think it completely bollocks or out of the realm of possibility. 50% or greater chance for me, based upon experience, and reasoning. Not absolutism or certainty.
I would further define that the degree of Power should be more fundamental than political power. Think again to the difference between the fundamental power between an ant and a *Homo sapiens sapiens*.
Can one not make "reasonable assumptions"? If we cannot be certain of anything, holding only highly probable positions, why is it then incompatible with reason to do so?
I disagree. This can be as simple as a higher level of lifeform, completely physical and material. Or it may be something different.

I am using this in the sense that as we are Supreme in Being and Power to an ant, so something is likely to us.

I am not adding any other dogma to it, or constraints. To me, this is quite logical, although I am acertain of it.
Certainly, it may. However, if this is the case, I would need personal evidence and experience to accept that notion personally.

I wouldn't take it on faith. I wouldn't rule it out, either. In a word, I am *a*certain about this, until my own personal evidence.
To clarify, you are addressing point (b), correct?

This reminds me of the analogy I once heard. You can study Shakespeare all day, but until you act it out, or experience it play out in person with the full range and depth of emotions and nuance -- you will be severely lacking in the non-intellectual depths of what it offers.

To your metaphor, I have 'walked many paths' and have had many different wonderful realizations and it has caused me to grow in various ways. Many of these things stick with me, and I sort of create my own syncretic philosophy, ethics, and system. It is this that tells me that, as far as I can tell, 'one' religion doesn't have it all.

Another metaphor of this is a building with a stained glass window, each representing a different belief system. They are beautiful, and all shine bright -- but the Truth itself is the Sun's Light that allows them to glow. I appreciate each stained glass window, but I am interested in the Sun's Light that emanates behind all of them.

I can resonate with some aspects of Christianity, Buddhism, Hinduism, and so forth. However, when the stated dogmas are required to be taken on faith, I cannot, in good conscience, agree to them when my own mind cannot fully accept them, or even to the same degree that points (a) and (b) in my OP can be agreed to, based on personal experience, reason, and logic -- for better or worse.
> Well, yeah. For lots of things. Until we understand them, at least. People thought the Sun was a god, until we figured out what it was. People thought thunderstorms were gods, until we figured them out. People thought volcanoes were gods, until we figured them out. It's a pretty standard pattern at this point that humans tend to say "god(s) did it!" to any facet of reality that we do not yet understand. But now that we can identify that pattern, it makes sense to me to break out of it... just because we do not yet understand the limits of the universe or the presence (or lack thereof) of an afterlife doesn't mean we have to jump to the conclusion of "god." If anything, jumping to that conclusion seems shortsighted when, in retrospect, it has never been god in the past. It's a huge assumption. I find it better to simply say "well, we don't know yet," and move on.

I am not proposing that a Supreme Being or Higher Power is the Sun, thunderstorms, rainbows, or any other facet of Nature, perhaps. However, one thing that seems to point to it is my reflection in the OP -- that there are seemingly endless levels of and degrees of sophistication of lifeforms and intelligence. With that increase of intelligence and awareness, comes a greater degree of influence, or Power.

That, and understanding Nature and its consistent patterns (phi, for instance) tends to make me also question that there is likely something Higher than I, or an Order much larger than I. If we possess intelligence and consciousness, a Higher Form of this would likely also possess this, in a greater degree. Perhaps beyond our comprehension.

> If you want to boil things down to statistical chance, then I would offer up the simulation argument. Given the almost incomprehensible timeline of the universe as we understand it, it actually becomes likely that our universe isn't "real" at all -- simply a simulation devised by a different, advanced civilization. Effectively, we are no more than a giant game of the Sims.
> 
> Whether or not you'd want to argue that this advanced civilization qualifies as "god(s)" is a different argument. But I would hold that they are not, at least by our current definition of "god."

As you said above, I am comfortable with saying: "I don't know" to a lot of claims and possible theories. But I don't think it negates the practice of applying reason, based upon other observations (mentioned above and in my OP) that allows me to have a high degree of confidence in my stance that there is *likely* a Higher Power / Supreme or Higher Being and a continuity of experience. 

Perhaps I am more so confident in the former than the latter point.
I am open to other ideas that may change my view that (a) reason can come to the conclusion of a Supreme Being / Higher Power and the immortality of the soul / continuity of experience and that (b) I cannot do the same with religion.

If you seek to change my view that (a) is correct, you can change that. If you are religious, and feel that reason can be extended to more detail, you can address (b). Or both in some way.
I would agree. I think this is semantics, though. Let me clarify my usage of the term.

If we agree that we have a Higher degree of Power than an ant in our environment, in the world, and in general, then by the same token I speak of a being that is Higher in Power than I.

This does not presume that I feel the need to worship 'it', or that it desires me to worship it, or that it is even aware of me, or if aware, concerned or actively seeking to intervene.
You could respond to my logic and reasoning that there is a good reason to hold the stance that a Supreme Being or Higher Power (reasoned out in my OP) and the continuance of experience / immortality of the soul is likely, *based on reason*.

I am open to changing this with more consideration or other perspectives. But I find, through reason, that both are possible, at least 50% or more.
I am comfortable with taking what resonates with me as true, and useful. I think the "fruits" I have seen of those who I have met who are members of the Church of Jesus Christ of LDS and the potential of the theology to give me a lot of comfort and positive motivation and meaning to life and my actions as a result.

However, I do not think that such specific claims, without evidence, or certainty, allow me to follow it officially and to be a member. However, I do think it is a beautiful book, at least the parts that I remember and recognize. As you said, regardless of if it is a hoax / fiction or not -- the effect, meaning, and motivation it inspires appears to be Good. Truth, at least in part.

However, I have found that Goodness and Truth, albeit perhaps in fragments, all over. I think many Mormons think this is the case as well. I just want to focus on that, and am comfortable without making a certain statement on the reality of things unknown or unseen. I do not deny a Higher Power, nor have a stance on an afterlife or not, but I do approach it with reverence and interest.
I would love to speak further. Thank you!

> I approached my faith very much like an engineering flowchart with decision gates. I started with the most basic concepts - "do I believe there is a higher power?" - and went from there. It was rather like a 3D printer, methodically printing thin layers to form a complete structure that represents my religious beliefs and convictions. 

Can we speak more to this? I think a clear way of approaching this, and ruling out what is logical, or *more* likely/logical as opposed to certainty (for or against), is the correct approach.

Can you PM me? Sharing in more detail your method and perhaps even a chart (if you made one) would be a starting point I would appreciate.

Thanks again!
I had intended on doing this, thank you. When does it usually begin for you? It appears to be September here.
Thank you. I enjoy and agree with many of the thoughts on truth and how we each have a piece, and may often misinterpret it.

That is why I am neutral on many things. I do not know many things. That is okay with me. To have faith that the Sun will rise tomorrow, as it has many, many other mornings is one thing. However, to have faith in the grandiose and bold statements of Christianity and what it asks us to believe, I must be more critical. It is not the same thing in degree, so it requires a higher degree of evidence or experience to make that the rational or likely choice of potential truth.

Defining Satan as one who brings doubt, especially in areas that are contradictory to the claims of the Church is, to me, a bad argument. It sets up any detractor from the Church as someone deceived, or wrong. But lack of evidence in the positive claims of the Church, we should just have faith? Why shouldn't we have faith that perhaps the moon is a hologram, as the speaker joked about and the people laughed at? Many people laugh at the beliefs of this Church and claims of Joseph Smith. Why are you all not fooled by Satan, as many other Christians may believe?

It seems like a double standard once the dichotomy of doubt = from Satan, to me. I like where it started, but it seemed to be bent a bit to be biased towards the beliefs of the Church, not the earnest search for Truth, which should be open to the wrongness and unreasonableness of the Church's own claims -- not just easy targets like the hologram of the moon or the flatness of the Earth. 
What of my own previous experiences that indicated a Methodist church was the place? I had intense energy and sensation hit me, and I burst into tears.

I have had intense experiences and found truth in various other philosophies, traditions, and religions.

This is why I am skeptical of faith and a personal 'revelation' or feeling that it is true, being the Holy Ghost confirming for me.

I do not want to fool myself. Having these experiences in many different religion and paths tells me that it is not a reliable source of evidence or proof.
Thank you for sharing. I am sorry you are receiving downvotes due to a difference of belief. I don't think that is fair, or the point of upvotes and downvotes. You have addressed my question and concerns, and I appreciate that. I have upvoted you.
What a wonderfully honest and beautiful letter and testimony. How did your kids receive it?
> 
> But what about the flaws? There’s no shortage of criticisms of the Church, its policies, and the prophets. You don’t have to look far, and there are likely friends who are actively telling you of the problems. But I’m not saying it’s perfect—I’m saying it far exceeds anything else on earth for my values, and it fits all my criteria for a religion I want to associate with. I personally believe it to be true, but—here’s the kicker—**I don’t care if it isn’t. Because I look at the good it does, the fruit it bears, and that is how I judge it. Everything else just noise.**

That is actually something I have come to think about, in terms of religion chosen vs. agnosticism. I think it is a beautiful theology, that makes life more meaningful. However, for those who have same sex attraction or other areas of their life that require immense sacrifice that is not in line with the teachings, it requires a lot more thought. To sacrifice so much, for such a bold claim, one may be more critical and less inclined to be okay with the possibility of it being untrue, or only partially true. The fruits may be nice in part, but in other areas, lead to a life of restriction for nothing. To deny a love that is told be unacceptable. Or to not enjoy a beer. Or to enjoy other things that are forbidden.
I agree. If it brings you peace, regardless of my own outcome of belief based upon questions and research and dialogue, I respect that.

I have been agnostic and atheist, and still have valued helping others and love and the universally beneficial morality and teachings of Jesus, and other peoples throughout history.

Thanks for taking the time to engage in dialogue with me and sharing your experience and thoughts! :)
> But it was here, for the first time, that I had an authentic experience with God. And that nearness to God has only grown as I have dedicated myself to Him, His church, and His service.

Can you speak more to this *authentic experience* that proved the truth of Mormonism to you? Why is evidence, such as continued physical visitations of Jesus Christ, not occur as evidence? The early Apostles were able to have this. Thomas even required proof and evidence. Peter denied the love in terms of Divinity (agape), but loved Jesus as a brother (philia), and Jesus accepted this.
> What is awesome, is that you need to really kind of know that this Church is what it claims to be. Thats why God gave us the Book of Mormon. If that book is what it claims to be, a religious record from the ancient inhabitants of the Americas, then Joseph Smith was a prophet and he was called to restore the Church of Jesus Christ.
> 
> So I had to read the book and ponder it, then pray to see if it really was true. I found out for myself that it was true, so that's why I am here. So I would invite you to do the same! That really something that helped me. PM if you have any questions.

Why would we not look to prove the authenticity of the BoM? How did you come to find evidence through prayer? What was the effect of the prayer, the event or thing, that allowed you to find truth in the BoM?

I do not think that a 'sense' of truth equates to truth. If that is so, then we live on a Flat earth, as some have felt that to be true in the past.
I have, and in some sense, I do find the theology of Mormonism fascinating as it is a unique interpretation of an old idea of Christianity that I have had. However, that doesn't follow to make something true.

> regardless of it's historical or empirical validity.

If we can find this for the Gospel of the NT & OT, why do we not concern ourselves with issues raised in this same vain for BoM or the other revealed texts from the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints?

I find a lot more validation the more I look into the testimonies and writings substantiating the NT, and Catholicism. Not that it is without error to be discovered, but it much more historically and empirically validated as of now than the LDS revealed texts.
My biggest thing is that Thomas' required proof and evidence first-hand. Peter could not give God the love of a God (agape), only brotherly love (philia). In both instances, they are largely not capable of believing on faith (Thomas) or in the way they are called to do, ideally, by God (Peter). 

Yet both were alive, and with Jesus Christ in the flesh.

Why do I need to take things on faith alone? Especially with something so grandiose of a claim? Would it not be reasonable to want more evidence?
I have a hard time viewing conviction (certainty) as proof of Truth. Many people are convinced of things today, that we will likely realize was faulty or misplaced in the years ahead.
> Also, Pascal's wager is a decent (if not excellent) answer to your "what if I'm wrong?" If you die and it turns out you were wrong, so what? It means you lived an intentional life. You held yourself to a code, a discipline, based on an ideal you saw as a good. It led to you living more focused, so that you squandered far less time than you would have if you believed nothing mattered. And it made you happier anyway.

This, to me, feels inherently fear based, as opposed to the intention of hope, faith, and love. But this is just my first reaction to the Wager.
> Of course, we could be wrong. It could be nothing more than our minds wanting there to be some great omnipotent power. It could be an evolutionary mechanism, or some societal norm created to maintain order, it could be delusion or madness, **but it's not.**

I would agree with everything, except the bold part at the end. It could be, or could not be -- but I am not certain.

If we were, it would not be agnosticism or faith, but knowledge.

> o lets look at the record. John 20:24–29) talks about Thomas. Here is a guy that spent years with Jesus. I goes along with what Jesus says. Then one day he sees Jesus brutally flogged and tortured, carry a cross to a hill and get nailed to it. He subsequently dies, and a Roman, to make sure, punctures his side to pierce his heart to make sure. He's dead. Really dead. Everyone has seen it - its pretty widely reported (Jesus was somewhat of a celebrity a little earlier). So when the other apostles tell Thomas a few days later, "Hey Thomas, Jesus is alive and looking great!" he does the obvious thing and says, "That sounds like crap. He was crucified, and unless I can stick my hands in his holes I wont believe you."
> 
> That is an appropriate response (maybe not for a disciple, but for any reasonable person). What does Jesus do? He come to Thomas and says, "Hey dude - you want proof?! Stick your fingers in my nail holes!" At which point Thomas says, "Whoops! Sorry!" (or something like that).
> 
> Jesus is a pretty reasonable guy. If you NEED proof then Jesus will give it to you. Not a feeling, but proof of existence. The same way I can hold a rock and know its in my hand.

Thomas' story really speaks to me, and your reply addresses some of my reactions to people who have said, "Pray on it, and you will know it is true." That is not enough for me, but I am not ashamed of that. This claim means so much to me, that I must know, I must explore, I must grapple with it.

Truth will win, in the end, as I am open to it. I am not looking to confirm a desire or a wish, although at times this is likely the case (when I want something that is sinful, perhaps). But it is knowing when this is the case, and when it is not, that is helpful to know. Bias is inherent, identifying it and drawing a line through things inspired by it is the key to being more 'objective', if we can be such.

My main argument against the idea of faith without evidence is Thomas' story. He needed PROOF. That is how I feel, and I never met Jesus in the flesh like he did. 

In fact, we also see the story of Peter, when Jesus asks him if he loves (agape) him, but he replies that he only loves him (philia) as a friend. This is a man who followed Him in His time on Earth, in the flesh. Saw him die on the Cross, perform miracles, and be Resurrected. And still, he could not love Him (agape) as He wished.

But I feel we ask people, today, without that direct evidence and experiential evidence, for us to believe without said evidence (like Thomas' needs) or to fully love Him as a Divine Being (agape), yet Peter did not -- yet he was given the inheritance of the Church of Christ on Earth.
This is an awesome reservoir of resources and links. I've read, watched, and reserved many of these sources and will no doubt continue to return to this and reference it.

Thank you!
Thank you. I read the Chesterton article and reserved the book by Kreeft to skim/read.
This may be an extremely useful resource for everyone. In this context, for one's clients.
Interesting!

I do accept that it is a pretty universal thing to have an impulse for desiring to answer the deep questions of identity and purpose that religion responds to.

I am not certain which it is, or if it has been fully developed in a way that speaks to my sense of Truth yet. 

I will check out the resources you provided, thank you! :)
> Why do you believe in your mom? Because you've met her, right? If I told you your mom doesn't exist then you'd tell me I'm a liar. I tell you I believe in god. You might tell me that my belief is silly, because you've never met god. But I have, so I know that god exists.
> 
> First you need to know Jesus. You need to be open to Jesus. If you are, then it will happen. How do you do that? I don't know. I'd start by going to mass. You don't need to join in - you can sit the whole time if you want. And when you feel ready, and I mean REALLY ready - invite Jesus to make himself known in your life. I would suggest a little prayer. Something like this, "Jesus, I want to know the truth." I think if you're ready then that is all it will take.
> 
> If you get nothing from the experience then I'm wrong. If you DO get something from the experience, then you'll know Jesus exists and he is God. I think you'll find I'm right.
> 
> So that's how you discover whether Christianity is true.

I have been born from my mother. I could prove this with a DNA test. Or I look very similar. It could be false, but it is likely true. I can speak with her, hug her, and be raised by her, physically and in all the other ways.

A feeling of truth after prayer and reflection, with a desire to believe in Christ, seems a bit... different? I would love to know the truth. I would love to believe, but I have doubts. Even after wanting it so bad, that I believed for a time. 

How is an emotion-based confirmation of a desire the same as an entire life filled with consistent evidence? I can want my mother not to be my mother, but she still is. As a child, I woke up to her and lived with her, and was raised by her, belief or not.

> If Christianity is true then the Catholic bit is quite easy.

I agree with the latter. I would love to know what is true, even if it was Christianity. But I have not yet been convinced of the former, but I remain open to it.
A priest actually recommended this book to me as well in the past. I am not sure why I didn't follow through with it. I will have to re-visit this now that I have some time for a few weeks.

It **is** very relevant and similar to my life journey thus far, isn't it? Wow.

Thanks!
Thank you for your reply.

The idea of prophecy makes necessary *prophets*. If there were prophets that were valid, why do we not continue to recognize prophets today? This is where I think the claims of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints is interesting. More so the fact that many use that as a point of scoffing at them or saying they are odd or not true theological practices, despite accepting Scripture that is Divinely Inspired, authored by a Prophet.

The second point is that I have read the book "Zealot" by Reza Aslan, speaking about the historical figure of Jesus of Nazareth that claims that he was a radical Jew in his day, rebelling against the Temple of Jerusalem being sold out to the Roman Empire. That the added "Christ" and prophecy fulfillment was written by those that wanted to paint him as such.

I am not claiming that I am sold on either of these counter points, but I am interested to how you all address those counters so I can consider both sides.
> Why Jesus? He was born to an unremarkable (in the social status sense) family, was made to suffer a horrific death, and yet the Apostles experienced something that caused them to risk and lose their lives to evangelize.

I find this argument partially compelling. My counter thought is that many people die for Allah and in their belief that they will obtain rewards in the afterlife today. More than any Catholic, at this time, I would say.

But I don't think most of us would take that as an argument for Islam's truth. Martyrdom, in my estimate, does not indicate truthfulness or add a mark of authenticity.
Why do we move from a reasonable request for understanding, or evidence for our actions and choices in other areas -- to not requiring this for such an important and life altering thing such as the existence of God, and all that it calls us to do?

> I have a hard time with the idea of faith, too. The crucial leap on my way to true faith was realizing I had to surrender. I had to admit that I didn't know everything, and maybe there were some things I'd never know. I had to admit that I am not self-reliant. I rely on God.

I agree. This was my conclusion when I began to go to Mass and begin praying and attempting to be chaste.

However, it is scary and it does require radical change.

My biggest fear is: "What if I am wrong? I will have denied myself pleasure and pursuit of things that I am long for, *for nothing*."

I am afraid to be wrong. To fool myself.

For me, in other areas of my life, I require evidence or sufficient reasoning. I don't want to stop doing that, especially for such a bold and important question such as those things that religion claims and addresses.
It certainly is a humility thing. I agree that it is healthy to admit that I am claiming that I can be the one to find Truth.

However, who is another to tell me what the Truth is, if I cannot? If I am uncapable of recognizing reason, even with sufficicent effort required -- how can we ever know anything?

I think it is unfair to say that I, a human, like other humans, cannot find truth. We have continued to grow our knowledge, albeit limited, but improved, over the years. I am not sure that I should just stop trying to decipher Truth for myself.

I do appreciate what you are getting at though. I will consider this.
Thanks for sharing.

What was it, for you, that led you to being able to point at a single institution and organized religion, after seeing the diversity (yet common themes, perhaps?) among various religions, philosophies, traditions, and paths?

I've learned a lot from trying out various things, and it has made me less certain. How has this similar experience led you to certainty instead, and to the Roman Catholic Church?

I just want to say: Thank you.

This was an amazing reply. I will do my best to address some things that did pop out, so you can speak to them. Overall, I felt this was a very good answer to my questions.

My main concern with this argument is that it assumes that Truth, in its fullness, can be found in a single religion.

Also, I like the arguments from history, but perhaps the place that contains Truth has been lost to recorded history. Perhaps it was never written down. Perhaps it is not found in ONE place, but one can decipher it from finding Truth, in part, in various places. 

For me, I find a lot of similarities between different religions, behind the 'trappings' and stories. Love, for instance, can be taught and communicated in various ways. 

One metaphor I've heard is that the Truth is the Light, and the stained glass windows, each different, through different symbols, are different stories, philosophies, traditions, or religions from various cultures, times, and peoples.


> So we know that all peoples across all history experienced spiritual reality. All peoples felt a spiritual connection to nature, themselves, each other, whatever. Everyone manifested this in different ways but we can all agree that something was there. The one thing that I think can be said is that the atheist conjecture means that all these people who were all reaching out at something were all wrong and did it for no reason.
> 
> We have faith because we can't figure out every question empirically. Why are we here? Who are we? Where did this all come from? The questions of a child bring modernity to its knees. 

I would agree with this. I think agnostic is more accurate as a starting position ("I don't know.") And then, if evidence is good for someone, they can proceed towards knowledge of Truth, which may lead one to a specific religion.

> So for this question don't try and make it more complicated than it needs to be. **Essentially there are two options for religions today (that are relevant) which is the western Abrihamic religions (Judism, Christianity, Islam) and the Eastern religions (Hinduism, Buddhism, etc).** The main difference between east and west is the purpose of the world views. West is focused on making you a good person. Morality is stressed. East has a heavy focus on preventing suffering (Buddhism is the best example.) 

I am not sure it is this simple. In this sense, you have set it up to be constrained between two options, which I don't think is the case. Truth may not be found completely in an organized sense, or even a revealed sense. There are also oral traditions and mystery schools. Perhaps the Truth is not fully uncovered by anyone. 

> If I say Jesus went here, did these things and talked to these people. We can actually go to those places and see the historical fallout of those events.
> 
> Jesus is different from the other religious prophets because He wasn't just a prophet, He IS God. Buddha said stuff about God, Mohammad said stuff about God, all the prophets of the old testament and of other relgions say things about God. Jesus is the only one to say he is God and "get away with it." (we still believe it 2000 years later.)
> 
> Why the Catholic Church? Because we are the Church he started. We have a unbroken line of popes all the way back to st Peter. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_popes

Could you find me some good sources that speak to the confirmation of and evidence that proves that (a) Jesus was a real person, including both Biblical and extra-Biblical sources and (b) proves that he was God?

I think there is a lot of stuff for this, but I want to explore it more, as I agree -- this is the biggest argument that would substantiate Christianity and the Catholic Church. I love the lineage and history of the Church. I just have not yet found myself fully convinced of the premise of Christianity is THE way of Truth, as opposed to any other religion or perhaps found in each, piece by piece, or perhaps it is not known yet at all by humans fully (that is, Truth).

Thanks for your time. I am slowly getting back to everyone who has replied to me. Thanks all!
Not sure if this is the reason, but it appears the inner conflict allows for strength. Just as we grow from the tearing of muscles from resistance in weight training / working out.

In this case, it is spiritual.
Agreed. Pets that are properly trained through being a "service animal," which is also properly matched with an owner aware of how to take care of it, and so forth. This is much more regulated, managed, and legit.


I know someone who did this. Not a fan of it, but what can you do? Not worth the legal issues. 
From what I understand, evidence is only required when a positive claim is made. No one has to prove something they don't claim.

I think agnosticism is the most honest neutral point. To make a theistic claim, one then inherits the burden of proof.
I will check this out. I am not personally defending it, but I do promote challenging our our own views, even if we remain within them afterwards.

As a return gift, the apology: http://en.fairmormon.org/Criticism_of_Mormonism/Online_documents/Letter_to_a_CES_Director
Agreed, it would have to be one or the other.
In terms of Buddhism, I do think Mindfulness practice in general has shown to be healthy on many levels; emotional, mental, and physical.

I would disagree based on their claim to sole lineage and authority in terms of apostolic  succession. But I see why you would disagree. I didn't say identical. :)
Thank you for taking the time to respond.

Without religion, do you still think Man has the inclination to ascribe meaning to their existence through symbolism, ritual, practice, et al? Do you think it is viable that Man can, once they say there is no objective belief, design their own philosophy, ritual of life, meaning, and so forth?

In a sense, once we realize that religions are "paintings" of the world -- a perspective lens -- can one not choose to paint their own? Inspired by others, creatively?
Beautiful.
http://www.whats-on-netflix.com/leaving-soon/
Not built-in, but a resource to help you prioritize your queue. 

*high five*
War is effective because death is scary. Destruction is scary. We don't wage war for friendly competition. Drones and cyborgs will inevitably be used on humans. The winner will be the one who invents and utilizes it first.
ELI5: Will social workers and helping professions be okay, according to the article? :)
They shouldn't. But there is a double standard. If a white person created a thread like this and made it for another ethnicity or race, it would be downvoted and reported as racist.
Generalizing "white people" is just as bad as any other form of prejudice.
I really enjoyed this book.

This quote also reminds me of the letter in *V for Vendetta* that speaks about the "last inch."

> I shall die here. Every last inch of me shall perish. Except one.
> 
> An inch. It's small and it's fragile and it's the only thing in the world worth having. We must never lose it, or sell it, or give it away. We must never let them take it from us. 

http://www.shadowgalaxy.net/Vendetta/valerie.html
Have you read the Bible? LOL
If I were to have children, I would allow them to enjoy the 'magic' of it all. When they inevitably find out, it would be a prime time to examine the power and affect of belief.

One can still be affected and belief, like a tool, can be utilized. It can affect us positively (a jolly fellow bringing us gifts, the fun of it) or negative (masturbation is a sin, sex is only for pro-creation, abortion will send you to hell, etc).

This way, they can decide how to build their own 'reality tunnel' (see Robert Anton Wilson for more).
I don't give to random people on the street.

But I enjoy helping a friend, or someone I value.

Mutualism is the farthest I'll go. I don't think un-discerned altruism is healthy. To use a metaphor, one must be well to help another, or it will quickly bring both down.
I Jelly.
I agree. I don't really want to get the insurance, but the *option* makes me think of the potential. I would be paying to remove that "what-if" now created in my mind. A peace-of-mind fare, if you will.
I just went on a Mormon one. Intense, rigid, but, like a squeezing hug, sort of *comforting* and reassuring. 
That's not bad for insurance replacements in my opinion. 
You have to send the old phone in within that time. They send you a replacement in one day business shipping.
Isn't homosexuality, or at least acting on it and accepting it internally, against Gospel according to the Church?
I actually agree, and that is a hard one to sell many people. To look in the same mirror we hold to others is hard.

That said, do you think it's possible to have others be any way, even peaceful? Or can all we do is affect ourselves and inspire/influence others without direct intervention?
Again, this sounds wonderful, and I am sympathetic to the message of the brotherhood of Man (women & men, of course).

However, many theologies are specifically exclusive based around the specificity of their worship, who is to be worshiped, etc.

Am I missing something? I want it to be as you describe, but I just don't see it being compatible with the actual practice of the Word of the many Dogmas of their Bibles/Books. You mention things should change to match the world, to stay 'relevant,' but is that even actual practice, then?

What good is something unchanging if it constantly changes to match the comforts of a modern society? I am not orthodox, dogmatic, or very religious to be honest, but it appears to be a bit contradicting if I was to follow a Book or Dogma. Isn't adherence and sacrifice necessary rather than having your faith or religion change for our personal preferences? What's the point at all, then? Why don't we design a religion to fit our needs altogether then?
But there are multiple 'bubbles.' Who gets to be the Universal One? How does that happen without violence, the opposite of peace, especially on a world scale?
I enjoy the idea of religion being a source of inspiration and bringing people together. However, a vast majority of the most successful (largest # of followers) come from those that are inherently exclusive (this is THE STORY, and THE WAY; singular) and evangelical (spread this; not that!).

It creates harmony, in the bubble it creates. But it is also very divisive as well.
I will never thank someone (or a group) for returning a stolen thing -- my self-ownership and freedom. 
Thank you.
To clarify -- I am a Vet. I was speaking about working with active duty as a veteran and then my perspective and concerns as someone who can relate a bit from my own experience. 

But I enjoyed reading that. Of course there would be an informed consent piece where the social worker could tell the client what the SW would have to report and does report to their command, right?
Clinical mainly. I would love to be a resource for the units I am placed with. I also know they had social workers who you could call and they would anonymously meet with you in random locations, which was very cool!
Thanks, and good luck!
Thank you.
I have not considered the above positions. I am still learning about the title and agencies that would place me in a setting as I described.

As for the bottom concerns, I would need to learn more about it. As a Vet, I wouldn't want to be speaking to someone in a uniform or afraid that they would be telling my command everything.

There is a culture of toughness and 'suck-it-up' that is, actually, quite functional at times for the role that the military plays and the tasks it has to do.

However, counseling sessions are not that place and I want to make sure there is enough confidentiality protection to be ethical, in my opinion.
I appreciate it, thanks.
Thank you!
Can someone ELI5 what Swift is and why this is so significant for me? Especially for Mac users? Excuse my ignorance, and thank you if you choose to enlighten me! :)
"...you sociopaths."

Very nice. We are people as well, with feelings. When someone who doesn't even know you, or take the time to have a **dialogue** with an open-mind to the diversity of perspectives, then many will feel anger and reply in such a way.

You do not, at least at this time, appear to have any desire to have a dialogue or a halfway decent or humane conversation. But please come back when you are ready. I am 'undecided' as an AnCap. I used to be a strong left libertarian, but there was good dialogue here and their point of view is better understood by me.

Please consider trying that. Not here, but in general in life. Thanks.
I think it's unfair to say that AnCaps don't care about people. It begins with the Principle of consent, in my own words and understanding.

As much as **I** value understanding the nuances of how the environment in addition to personal responsibility and decision space add to economic variability in terms of 'success', I cannot say that it is ethical or just to take money without consent & with threat of force (taxes).

People can do good, if they choose. Everyone defines that differently. If people do not want to see homelessness, or someone cannot afford healthcare, let those who provide housing or medical care feel actual empathy and help them out somehow, on an individual basis, rather than making it some bureaucratic  forcefulness (law) that removes all autonomy and makes basic human emotions null & void.

TL;DR: Bernie Sanders, without the democratic socialism / welfare state. His values and not the way he is going about it, pretty much sums up where I am. It is more nuanced than what you feel.
Thank you. Not as exciting as my imagination would hope for, but nice to know! Ha ha.
/poor_mans_gold

Seriously. If I wasn't cheap and more wealthy, I'd give you gold.

Thanks.
You cannot save a drowning man on a sinking ship.

One cannot help another if they need help themselves.

"Be happy," said the sad man in his monotone voice.
Agreed. If you use a LOT of data, then Cricket still may be better. Or T-Mobile.
When I'm horny, I am superficial and thinking of the flesh.

When I am not, I want to grab coffee and dig into their intellect & soul.

Neither are bad, just different reflections of my own desires, in the moment. Both are passionate. Both are lustful. I feel alive in both.

Just like anything, it is a tool. I do think it makes it hard to get the latter (coffee & deep connection), but it is not unheard of.
I don't mind being downvoted, but it does show the negative side of being unpopular. Unpopular sends the message of "wrong," but I'd say that is a dangerous affront to critical thinking or debate, especially when the Devil's Advocate is so important for any new ideas or change to happen at all (in this case, an idea or notion).
I can relate. As an INFP, and former military member, **I get it.**

It sounds like you need ways to take care of yourself. Check out mindfulness. Writing also worked, for me. You may be different. For you it may be painting, drawing, sculpting, etc.

We had a social worker attached to our unit. Consider talking to someone at your own comfort level, but find someone to chat with, if you want. You mentioned this, so I would encourage *testing* the waters. No commitment to it, just give it a try, in my opinion.

Keep your head up. There **is** life outside of the military. It **will** come. And it **is better** -- in some respect, but I do miss the community and closeness I had with some people. Most of all I miss all the free time. Read books and enjoy your freedom in this sense (of time, at least in my experience we had a lot of free time).

There are good & bad aspects of each 'chapter' in our lives. Find the good in yours and balance out the less optimal aspects right now.

edit: Oh yea, Happy Thanksgiving! :)
Is it not scary because of the fear of death, or smaller 'deaths' such as poverty, depression, possibility of cancer, etc.. that takes away from the exuberance and joy of Life?
>"A psychiatrist once said that I gambled in order to escape the reality of ~~life~~ **death**. I told him that’s why everybody does everything." -Norm Macdonald
"Two words, Americuh -- Global. Warming." -Bernie Sanders
I've met Aubrey and chatted in person. Very rational and down to earth, and appears to know his stuff! The wizard beard is fierce, and certainly helps. :P
Thank you!
Love it! I could find some of the information about turquoise and red coral and that it was special to the Southwest Native Americans (especially Navajo), but I did not know anything more than that.

> I don't think the iconography of your ring has any meaning (I think the images are just abstractions here).

Darn. I am a sucker for symbolism. I was researching symbols and couldn't find anything either.

> But there is a kind of deeper cosmological reason people in the Southwest use turquoise and coral together, yes - they're representative of the two layers of the universe human beings exist between (the Upperworld and the Underworld).

This makes sense, as I have seen that the jewelry from this region (or inspired from this region) has combined the two minerals. Do you have any good resources or readings to learn more about the 'deeper cosmological meaning' and the Upper-and-Underworlds according to the peoples of the Southwest?

Thanks again, these apples are great. :)
 
I love it as well, and I am glad it was something of a passion for you. Thanks for your reply, your time, and your shared knowledge.
Perhaps it doesn't. I don't know, you are correct. However, that is precisely why I am inquiring. Someone *may* know of something. If not, that is fine. I will say, while you may not have intended as much, this reply did not have much to add and was received as a bit rude.


It is logical to come to terms with it if there is no other means. However many plan ahead through cryonics, DNA archiving and keep an eye on future medicine and technology that is working to reduce or even reverse the effects of aging, and to make death from aging a thing of the past if one chooses. Accepting that death is the natural end is honest. But saying death is GOOD because it seems inevitable right now is arguably missing the point and devalues medical breakthroughs in the past (that ward off death).

Edit: http://www.gereports.com/aubrey-de-grey-can-we-and-should-we-give-ourselves-indefinite-youth-oh-yes/
Read up on Joseph Campbell and creating a myth/mythology.

Also consider looking into "The Satanic Bible" by Anton Szandor LaVey. It sounds spooky, but it is essentially an example of philosophy that is largely atheistic but with psychodrama and ritual.
http://www.churchofsatan.com

Read "The Temple of Set" by Michael Aquino for further terminology. It may or may not resonate. But both are good examples of what you are seeking, even if they are not your personal approach or philosophies behind them.
http://www.xeper.org

Create your own meaning, make your own rituals, etc. I do think there are people, such as yourself, that are drawn towards the power that a ritual has. Ritual, ceremony, and symbolism are not exclusively the domain of religion, although this is largely where it is noticed and utilized in a communal sense.

It will happen.
How does this compare to the Ringke Slim case available on Amazon? Don't want to pay $10 (50% off code) if its not much of an upgrade in terms of protection and quality.
I already have the Ringke Slim from Amazon for my phone.

Is the Adopted case strong enough to protect a fall? Trying to determine if the Adopted 50% off is worth it or any better than my Ringke Slim.

Also, does the microfiber case seem more protective than the Adopted? That is my assumption but I'd like your review.
Yea. I've heard people say it took 7-10 days but it eventually began working. I just started the process again too. Fingers crossed I am lucky this time,  haha!
I ported from RW to Fi before, and this happened to me as well. Sometimes it happens. It can take 7-10 days. Hang in there, it is going to feel like forever, but people report it works in time.

It is because RW is a hybrid company. It uses different setups for the voice and different setups for the text.

I noticed that I could only send/receive texts from T-Mobile customers. This could explain why it works sporadically for you as well.

Can't hurt to submit a ticket to RW and to contact Fi support to let them know and if they can pay some special attention to it.
So, likely just shipping to those who have been waiting longer today. I really hope I don't get it after someone who walks into a Best Buy or orders today when I pre-ordered last week. LOL
Does this mean ALL pre-orders ship today? My order status shows the same dates (Oct. 26-27th) and hasn't changed from "Pending"
Sounds like your agency/workplace (or supervisor) is not social work related. *Got self-determination?* :P
Thanks so much!
Thank you for your suggestions!
I know she enjoys horses and old houses. She looks forward to focusing on her house, garden, and just fixing up her own space as far as I know. I mentioned her finding some passions, but she is just ready to stop working at this point and focused on not having to work each day, all day.

She has worked as a customer service and sales representative for a large company for many years. She often unwinds, sadly, by watching TV as she is too exhausted after work most days.

To be quite honest, it is hard to give you much details. Her life has been work and trying to unwind by doing nothing and watching TV as far as I've been in this world (her child).

Just want something to be a good 'spark' in her newfound freedom. To set her new life on a good path.
Same story here on the shipping let down, ha-ha. Still not terrible.
Oh, I misread your last reply. I thought you meant you didn't enjoy it other than the Hangouts integration. Sounds like you love it! Haha
Can you expand on the elements that make you think you wouldn't switch if you were deciding now?
Has anyone else had issues porting out with texts not working?

Has anyone switched to Fi with no issue from RW? I hope this happens, and not the issue again!
Democracy and leadership based on spontaneity and merit? Not sure.
I was told that going to T-Mobile prepaid with a SIM card kit often allows the full port to happen much quicker. Once that is done (1-2 days), then porting from T-Mobile to Fi is much smoother.

T-Mobile has a $0.99 promo for their SIM kits online right now as well.
What about transferring to a regular cell company, then porting into RW? I had this issue with RW --> Fi in the past, went to T-Mobile, and my texts worked in less than a day.
What do you recommend me (as RW customer) to do now to prepare for porting to Fi with my number in the next week or so?
Do you think porting from RW to Ring.to and THEN to Fi would help?

Or is Ring.to going to be just as bad?

I wonder if it is the VoIP thing or the shitty RW porting process?
Anything yet?
If you switch from RW -> Fi, I recommend going to a cheap pre-paid with your number first and then porting into Fi.

Coming from RW to Fi seems to cause issues with texting for upwards of 7 days or more, if it is bad.

Going to Ring.to first may help, but I am not sure if this would be as effective as to a regular wireless network.
What are the "new traditions" to make it more enticing for bringing in the next generation into the Craft? I am curious.
This matches my personal experiences with flights. Southwest was the best I've had. I usually have flied with U.S. Airways.
Thanks!
Thank you!
Okay, thank you! I just don't want to have that experience again.

Has the Republic Wireless issue been figured out? Is it even possible to port from them in an operable way?
So Band 12 is supported through Fi's T-Mobile agreement? Just clarifying. Sounds like it, and if so, great!
Can you speak more on this?

I had issues porting from RW (VoIP based) to Fi. I could make calls, but could not send or receive texts unless they were T-Mobile customers. This happened for ~2 weeks before I left Fi.

I don't want to have this happen again. Can users come from Ring.To or should we go to a traditional mobile pre-paid and then port-in to Fi?
Thanks!
Are people still having issues with porting? I know it took FOREVER for me and I ported out to another carrier because it never worked for ~2 weeks. I may port out and port in from another carrier than RW if I go back.
Interesting. For the latter traveling suggestion, do you have any reference links? Never heard of that. 
This makes the trip to HH all the more terrifying.
Good news on the Marshmallow "fix" for this. Thanks for asking, as I had the same question!
Check out non-branded phone carriers that are owned or lease towers from the main carriers.

* Cricket Wireless --> owned & uses AT&T towers (awesome family plans; starting at $35/mo; up to $100 saved with 5 lines)
* Metro PCS --> owned & uses T-Mobile towers ($30-40/mo)
* PagePlus --> uses Verizon towers ($30/mo)

I use Cricket Wireless as an individual user, have AT&T's 4G LTE coverage, have unlimited calls & texts, 2.5 GB/data a month and can bring my own phone or use any unlocked phone. You can get SIMs cheap at most Gamestops as well. Customer service & ease of setup was smooth for me.
Thanks!
Thanks. That was my conclusion but I am open to others sharing something I wasn't aware of.
Oh really? So an unlocked Moto G or X Pure wouldn't work?
I'm glad to read this. I went from the Moto X (1st gen) to the Nexus 6 and I felt it was just too big.

I like the size of the Moto G (3rd gen), but I just purchased the Moto X Pure because the Bamboo looks beautiful. 

So would you say its more manageable and portable than the Nexus 6, size wise?

Thanks for the suggestion! How is service & support for PagePlus?
Thanks!
I though the Nexus 6 was too big. I like the size of the Moto G (3rd gen). Seems like the Moto X Pure is in the middle.

Is the Moto X Pure more portable and bearable compared to the N6?
* Customer Service: I am pretty good, but it is nice to be able to access help. So, I would lean towards yes.
* Network Carriers: Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile
* VoIP/Video Conferencing: Not really, no.
* Gaming: No
* Hotspot: Nice to have, but wouldn't use regularly; I'm okay with 'sneaking' it via an unlocked phone.
* Voice: Not sure to be honest, I have unlimited right now
* Texts: Not sure, but unlimited right now and would like to keep that
* Data: 0.5-1GB usually should be fine; LTE please :)

Pretty consistent usage patterns.


I am likely using the Moto X Pure in the next 3-4 days. So I can't use Project Fi (as of now, hopefully they open to all compatible phones via SIM later after their beta).

For now, to have good coverage & reliable customer service without a locked in phone, it seems like $35/mo with Cricket is the best option -- even though I don't **need** 2.5 GB 4G LTE data.

Too bad they don't have more options like 1GB for $30 or so.
Of course! I appreciate the response, thank you! :)
RW only allowed custom designed phones (locked to their network). Also, they do not support the phone I have or the phone I want (Moto X Pure).

So, RW is choppy service, locked in phones (can't re-sell to everyone, just potential RW customers).

Used to have RW for a good year or so. Not bad, but wouldn't go back with a new phone purchase.
Maybe you'd find your Home! :)
When your throw away account gets gold...
The lowest monthly rate for financing a iPhone 6s was $27 with T-Mobile. Or $32-33 with Apple Upgrade program but you'd be stuck with the big four as options.
I ended up porting out to T-Mobile and then to Cricket. No issues now. I may try returning in the future.
Please remove me from the list. Thanks!
They definitely prey on those who cannot afford anything else, at all. Sad. Some could look at it as 'social darwinism,' but I choose not to due to ethics & morals!
Looking for a group, please add me! :)
Seconded this. I got a SIM card and activated at a last minute need, but I didn't appreciate the $30/mo being advertised without the option for BYOD.
You are the most experienced expert in this decision. From what I am reading, it sounds like you already know. Feel out the former a bit, if it doesn't get better, focus more on the latter.

Sounds like RW --> Fi is a ~7 day port process. Ouch.

Hoping to figure out why and fix it prior to or for future people.
I am having similar issues. I can send/receive texts with T-Mobile users at present. Really frustrating. Any way to fix it sooner? Talk to RW? Or?
Same here unfortunately. Are you good now? How long did it take? How did you fix it?
I actually ended up purchasing the Moto G (3rd gen). Not a bad look and does what I need. Added a 32GB SanDisk microSD. Removable backing. A step up from previous generations of Moto G. Only around $127. Couldn't justify spending so much for more than I actually need with the freedom to move around.

Did research and T-Mobile is the best where I goto school and where I live in terms of coverage & speed. I have the $40/mo 2GB 4g LTE plan with MetroPCS. I can always move later if it isn't good.
I am familiar with this plan with Cricket Wireless. $35 (autopay) doesn't sound too bad. I wish Project Fi had more device options, as the data you don't use (only pay for what you do use; 0.01/MB) is great! $20 base plan with unlimited calls/texts.

Just limited (for now) to the N6 and I sort of don't want to lose my 14-day return window with Best Buy if I am not going to enjoy it.

**Is BYOD (Moto X Pure) an option for PagePlus? I couldn't find it easily on their website.**
Thank you! Did the idea of Google Voice as your main source for minutes/calls not work out or is there a reason you do not do this?
Are there any tools / charts / guides that take all of these and provide you information on current options out there? 
It is limited to 8MB download speeds PRIOR to going over 2.5 GB or AFTER? Hopefully you mean the latter. If so, Cricket may be my go-to if Fi / Nexus 6 doesn't work out for me.
Thanks for your feedback. It was hard to beat the N6 for ~$350. I am going to give it a chance. Maybe it will grow on me. Going from a tiny Moto X (1st gen) to this is a big leap. The new Moto X Pure and iPhone 6S+ seems to be a good size. Letting the Nexus 6 sink in for now and waiting for my service to transfer and activate to see if Fi is good (considering the fact it is Beta into my determination).

What all do you get for your Cricket group plan. It's AT&T towers and you can pretty much BYOD, correct?

Republic Wireless was not bad for me, just didn't like the idea of slow Android updates and locked phone to RW. Resell would be terrible.
What do you use now -- T-Mobile's $30 prepaid plan with 5GB LTE + 100 minutes (using GV for phone calls)? 
Buy new phone. Awesome stuff outdoes it. We are moving so fast now. Haha
Thank you. My Moto X was fairly good, but I abused the battery for a while and now it is just not the same person anymore. Looking forward to the N6!

Overall, how is the N6 compared to the X in your experience?
Just thinking of my homie Nikola Tesla... pour one out.
Any suggestions on Amazon.com available non-bulky cases? I agree with the preference. Was looking at http://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B00OHFGUDU/ref=ox_sc_act_title_1?ie=UTF8&psc=1&smid=A3RZJ9YYQ3ASDK
Thanks for the suggestion.

I am thinking of this one, with a tempered glass screen protector.
http://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B00OHFGUDU/ref=ox_sc_act_title_1?ie=UTF8&psc=1&smid=A3RZJ9YYQ3ASDK
Thanks. I went with this one, looks like good reviews & lifetime warranty for installation and such.
http://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B00XIS7L9Y/ref=ox_sc_act_title_2?ie=UTF8&psc=1&smid=A33FTZHR9YUA4V
I was just going to ask this! The Fi case is fine then? I was looking at "SUPCASE" on Amazon which seems a bit sturdier. So maybe just use the Fi case and purchase a screen protector?
How would you describe N6 battery life, in comparison to Moto X (1st gen; 2013 model)? Anyone who has had the Moto X 1st gen able to speak in comparison?
That's a bummer. Hopefully that doesn't happen when I transfer, and I hope it resolves soon for you. Have you just been getting texts on your RW phone, or no texts *at all*?

I think RW (a subsidiary of Bandwith, Inc.) & Project Fi both use Bandwith for the phone # 'holder' (?) -- right?
Thanks. Were my shared benefits on point? Please help correct anything I might not understand. I'd love to hear some pros and cons from a former RW user. I appreciate it!
Sounds like we're rational*izing* creatures to me, Watson. 
Phone just went down to ~$350 on Amazon. :)
Why did you even ask then?
Aww, this guy stopped asking for help directly to make **us** feel better. How uplifted I feel. Thanks fella. 
Is there an easier way than this? Because fuck this. :)

https://www.ifixit.com/Guide/Motorola+Moto+X+Battery+Replacement/16974
So soft strokes with the boar brush, once a day, preferably after applying oil/balm?
Thanks!
Sounds like it is a manufacturer defect. Any chance to get a replacement past warranty?
In theory, one would want to use a VPN for this anyhow. 
Fair. Thanks for offering that new perspective. If the waters aren't muddy and the black or white isn't grayed, then there is more to learn or consider. :)
The difference being they (law enforcement) are public **servants** given certain authorities on conditions to their duty to **serve and protect** the public. This making the case of body cameras for oversight & accountability (from the public who should be allowed to request this footage), as opposed to surveillance in general.

Context is everything.
I enjoy this as well, which is why I think a lot of INFP people pursue helping professions, particularly counseling or, in a past life (?), shamanism. :)
Also be aware of:
Republic Wireless 
&
Google's Project Fi
This was terribly depressing. It all stems from a strong sense of self and removing self-judgement & concern for another's approval. I read it, it was stimulating, but altogether unuseful thinking.
VPNs increases in consumer base.
YSK: Truvada is a drug that has been FDA-approved for **Pre**-Exposure prevention up to 99% if taken daily after 7 days.
This is great, but we will need to adjust how we run our economics & society as this continues to other fields of labor & sources of income, or it will be not so great, for most.
Looks great!
Anyone port from Republic Wireless? How did that go?
May I suggest that you submit this to Google Fi's team, if you have not already? Since it is beta, I'm sure they'd appreciate the feedback so that they can fix it up for consumers like me in the future. :)
I feel like all technological progress is met with fear and a desire to stop, reverse our 'path', or regulate, regulate, regulate.

No problem. I was called on some good points, as it is an opinion piece after all. And in my own reply, I spoke for others using "we" as well.

The fact that I am guilty of this doesn't change my initial point. We tend to project our own personal views and perspectives on others. It is a common thing, that I do still consider to be the source of a number of intrapersonal and interpersonal tensions.

Thanks for sharing this article with me. I'll read it over.
Guilty as charged. Thanks for calling me on it! ;-)
Called me on that, good point. Touche. 
Fair enough, haha. :)
This needs to be made into a petition to Hollywood. :)
Appropriate Title (thinking):

"**I** find lawns to be a soul-crushing timesuck, and **I** feel **I** would be better off without this activity or chore **in *my* life**."

Projecting our own lives; values, morals, tastes on others. We, as a species, tend to do it a lot. Stop. Just stop. Please. :)
I'm not sure why this was so heavily downvoted. I have the same exact concerns and find the replies thus far very helpful in my own considerations. Sorry about that! Upvote for you. :)
Beard may be eaten; too dangerous.
As a fail safe until technology & medicine is developed, have you considered cryonics? Not ideal, but better than no preservation and decaying.
**FYI**: This is available for free online via Sacred-Texts.

http://www.sacred-texts.com/mas/bui/index.htm
This underscores the extremely large role food plays in the social dynamic of human beings. Perhaps not a necessity, but I think it will largely push a majority of people from adopting it.

Perhaps. I am not set on this, however. Just something I noticed when I experimented with the original Soylent powder.
**FYI:** You can donate to SENS Research Foundation whenever you make a purchase on Amazon.com by going instead to...

http://smile.amazon.com -- It's that simple. Just select SENS RF as your recipient and a % of your purchase will go towards them as a donation in kind.

Win-win-win. 
Might makes right. Doesn't "sound good," *ideally* but I do agree, you are being realistic. Thanks for sharing.

> There is nothing wrong with playing in that different league, LeDroit Humane, being a different league for example. But it's good to know that you're in a different league and don't expect to play in the "big leagues." 

This is interesting. I sort of agree that, based on what I have read about the ideals, virtues, and principles of Freemasonry, making a distinction between sex, gender, race, etc... seems sort of falling short on a human level. To me, finding the universal bond between individuals is valuable. However, there are good arguments, for most people, that having a space where men can be more vulnerable and open away from their female counterparts is good as well.

I think it balances out the typical cultural expectation of men, at least in Western culture. That is valuable as well to me.

I ask myself: Do I pursue something that matches my ideals (perhaps Co-Masonry, a "small league") or do I play in the "big leagues" because I am a male and can? I just sort of wish people didn't have to decide & segregate themselves.

> If you plan on becoming a Mason I would suggest that you wait to participate in the Master Craftsmen III program, just so you see the degrees before delving into Pike's theories and thoughts on the Blue Lodge degrees.

Certainly! I didn't plan on studying it as I do still seriously consider petitioning and becoming a Mason in the future. Thanks for your commentary, sharing your perspective, and suggesting this program! I only hope I remember to take advantage of it in the future.
As a potential candidate for Masonry, I like this. My concerns throughout the chapter were of the sort of negative reflection some of our past behaviors shown: racism, sexism, and so forth. I don't think much of my generation and beyond will tolerate that, and I think that is a good thing myself.

However, this is a cultural thing, in general, and to be unfairly blamed on Freemasonry itself. This chapter was about *history* after all, not the present or future potential. As I cannot speak to all of the ritual & teachings as a non-Mason, I do hope that the values & teachings of Freemasonry continue to unfold and evolve us towards more tolerance & brotherly love, "inside & outside" of the Lodge.

I was sort of distressed to see the bit about one-day degrees and lowering quality "guarding of the West Gate" due to quantity concerns.

I would rather have quality > quantity, speaking as one young millennial potential candidate.
> In Masonry, Might makes Right!

Is this truly a Masonic principle, or are you joking? Just clarifying.

> Southern Masonic Jurisdiction's Master Craftsman III self study program

Thanks for this advice. It may be some time, but I hope I remember to do this in the future. I assume this is open to all Freemasons, regardless if we are from the "Northern" Scottish Rite District?

It sounds like an expanded study & reflection on the Blue Lodge Degrees, yes?

http://scottishrite.org/members/masonic-education/srmc/


Thus far I am glad I picked up this book, especially as a potential candidate. I knew there were a lot of conspiracies and pomp spread about Freemasonry, but this really surprised me.

The lack of clear lineage, disputes, multiple lodges, histories of the degrees implemented, and so forth... sort of removes the mystique of it all. But I think this is ultimately good, especially for someone such as myself. 

I just listened to a podcast on the 'irregular' or 'clandestine' lodges under the LDH and other Co-Masonic orders. The typical arguments seem less convincing now, that they are any less 'Masonic' than another. It seems, historically, it is all a matter of ego who is 'the most ancient' or who came up with the 'rules' first.

Thoughts? Just reflecting.
Thanks, that definitely puts a word to what I am attempting to convey. 
Thank you for your taking the time to share you experience and congruence with my own present experience. I have my petition filled out, but I am waiting to turn it in. Not sure when is the right time. I have been to two open dinners thus far and have enjoyed the fellowship and connections made each time.

What is customary for potential candidates? What do you all, as Masons, like to see from potentials prior to them submitting a petition?

I am excited, but I do not want to rush into this. I am not new to Freemasonry in general, however, but I still want to practice Patience.
Brotherhood isn't an action, it is a relationship. Drinking is simply a large part of college life *in general*, so it is going to exist and be a shared activity by those who are in a *collegiate* fraternity.

College culture aside, this says nothing about the quality & health of a brotherhood. 

Be vulnerable. Reach out and talk to the brothers at an appropriate setting (not drinking or leisure time). Do it one-on-one if you have to. Speak your mind and how you are feeling, with respect. If you can't find a way to 'connect' with the brothers, than that is that. Move on if you want.

Coming to reddit and seeking validation that your brotherhood is non-existent or it is bad is **not** going to fix anything. You are responsible for your own life and your college experience. If you don't want to stick around, or if you try the above and it doesn't work, make a decision. 
I have enjoyed Manly P. Hall's writings in the past, and have glanced through *Secret Teachings* as well. It is a fun and fascinating read, but as always, I take with a grain of salt.

I hold personal experience and the *journey* of listening to and 'following' our own wonders & sense of the mysterious primary. No text alone can do this for me, in my experience.

It is hard to put to words, but one grows in wisdom. It has been said before that the real Teachings are not uttered, that is, they cannot be fully communicated. It is a sort of spiritual knowledge, for lack of a clear way to word it.

Anyone else 'feel' that as well?
Thank you!
I love the Shank band. When I purchased the Pebble Time, the band just did not cut it. I missed the sturdiness of my OG Steel and Shank band. Returned the Time and back to my Steel & Shank. :)

Looks great!
These are concerns of you and your brothers. I understand you are seeking refuge here, but that is not going to contribute towards improving your chapter.

Speak your mind, respectfully and honestly, among your brothers. The worst that can happen is they ignore you. Remember that is is not just *your* chapter. They may not want the same things as you.

A final thought: You can never force or argue for **genuine change** in others. All you can do is to discover what it is you feel is the best way to operate, and set an example by your own actions. The only way for others to genuinely change is through **inspiration**.

If it is no longer a fit, it is no longer a fit. But be candid, and give it a shot. At the end of the day, I think it is about brotherhood and helping on another through life. Some like to drink, some like philanthropy, and so forth. No one is going to have the same idea of what the organization should do.

I am going through the same thing expressed in this article as an inquirer and potential candidate.

I have sought what this speaks about since I was a young child, 'called' to seek these mysteries. It is a sense of longing to re-connect, so to speak, that I have and continue to feel.

Every time I listen to that impulse, I am continually astounded at what new questions I gain and a depth of knowledge that surfaces. Wisdom seems to be filled with more questions than answers; more ambiguity than cut and dries.

Because of this, one religious manifestation (Christianity, Islam, Buddhism, Judaism, Taoism, et al) has not 'stuck' with me. I explore them, digest it, and find the commonalities between them striking.

In a sense, I have begun to see that they are all (to me), different 'masks' of the same 'face' (GAOTU in Masonic terms). So, as an inquirer, I am at a sort of dilemma -- how do I describe this view to the Lodge? What 'holy book' do I use? If I could I would lump them all into one, but still, what I seek is not within any text. As you all are likely aware, the text is simply a symbol, a 'directional' towards the inner knowledge that comes through time, study, and embodiment. It is a very personal thing for me.

Any commentary on the above would be extremely welcome! Thanks.
I'm sorry... I had to. :)
"I'm... bringing light to children."

https://youtu.be/Y5felAN1O1s?t=26s
I assumed you were from the U.S., my bad! Nonetheless, couldn't hurt to check before throwing in the towel. Let me know if you have luck! :)
Have you attempted to speak your mind, calmly and directly to others as you have here? If there is any reminiscence of good brotherhood they will hear you out -- it *could* simply be a miscommunication or all in your head.

If you do this, and they do not care, then there is no brotherhood anyhow for you, so you wouldn't be leaving a 'fraternity' anyhow.
Is it at your local library?
This resonates with me. I am not a Mason, but a present inquirer and I would say that I do not label myself or feel drawn to a single 'path' or religious book in particular. It is, for me, deeply personal, universal and comparative. I sort of create my own personal interaction with what many call God through my own seeking.

Is this accepted in Freemasonry? How do I communicate this to the Lodge I am inquirer should I petition? Which book would I swear an oath upon? etc.. 
This is beautiful. I have sought what this speaks about since I was a young child, 'called' to seek these mysteries. It is a sense of longing to re-connect, so to speak, that I have and continue to feel.

Every time I listen to that impulse, I am continually astounded at what new questions I gain and a depth of knowledge that surfaces. Wisdom seems to be filled with more questions than answers; more ambiguity than cut and dries.

Because of this, one religious manifestation (Christianity, Islam, Buddhism, Judaism, Taoism, et al) has not 'stuck' with me. I explore them, digest it, and find the commonalities between them striking. 

In a sense, I have begun to see that they are all (to me), different 'masks' of the same 'face' (GAOTU in Masonic terms). So, as an inquirer, I am at a sort of dilemma -- how do I describe this view to the Lodge? What 'holy book' do I use? If I could I would lump them all into one, but still, what I seek is not within any text. As you all are likely aware, the text is simply a symbol, a 'directional' towards the inner knowledge that comes through time, study, and embodiment. It is a very personal thing for me.

Any commentary on the above would be extremely welcome! Thanks.
Tip/Reminder: Check your local library system prior to purchasing! #frugal 

:)
Perhaps setup a labeling system, where each user posts the chapter/page number so that they can avoid spoilers and speak on the same 'page'?
Beautiful!
If Phi Psi nationals are anything like our local, they have good lawyers. LOL!
> If you are reading my responses thinking that I would apply my vision of social transformation like motherfucking Joseph Stalin or some other dictator, let me rephrase: how can we as individuals, who would like to maximize our well-being and ability to make decisions over our lives, quantify these traits? I would calculate the aggregate number of people living in an area who are: well-armed, well-educated, have the highest number of bottom-up organized social/economic units (NGO's, NPO's, coops, credit unions, home-schooling or un-schooling groups); have non-existent courts, militaries, police mobs, parliaments, corporations, ad agencies, and public relations firms. Such a society I would find highly desirable to live in because bottom-up organized society provides you the means to empower yourself as well as doing so.

Sorry, you are not Joseph. :)

I agree with pretty much everything in terms of your ideal society. I think I was just nitpicking. My main concern, philosophically, is a balance between radical individualism harnessed by a strong dose of tolerance and non-aggression between one another.

Your mention of moving society towards secularism and away from religion, while I agree in large part, was my issue. If we replace "society" with a sense of our own decisions and way of life, then I'm fine with that.

I am not okay with religion or another form of belief / non-belief dominating outside of one's own individual choices. If the secularist forces religious people to conform to them, I am not okay with that. Equally, if the religious individual forces others to convert or continues to harass others or force it upon them, certainly not okay with that either.

If people want to conduct science experiments, meditate, or pray all day -- great! The only thing I disagree with is imposing this on another. This can be extended to any other thing.

Finding a way to create a society that protects individual rights while preventing individual-to-individual aggression or imposition is the goal. I guess that is what I am ultimately looking for and enjoy exploring. 
I think this is fascinating stuff. It changes the idea of capitalism vs. socialism, however, doesn't it? The idea of labor is being replaced slowly.

What society do we live in, optimally, post-labor and post-work?
I agree. I may like the Time Steel (need it to be sturdy). I did enjoy the Timeline OS and look forward to that for the OG Pebble's. Bought the Time, tried it, taking it back and keeping my Steel.
My vibration doesn't seem to work all of a sudden and I woke up late because the vibration did not wake me up this morning.

Just bought the Time and thinking of returning it. I was already questioning the price tag of $200 for it. I have the OG Steel, and it just feels much sturdier and looks better on my wrist I think.

The Timeline OS is fantastic, though. I hope it comes to the OG's soon.
I'm a bit ashamed at the level of reactionism coming from these intellectuals. The only way to suppress technology is through force or threat of force against individual innovation & creativity.

As others have said, knowledge is neither good nor evil. It's application is up to each of us. We should not deny the 'good' potentialities based upon the (ever present) 'bad' potentialities.
> How should **we** deal with the fact that there will be conflicts of disagreement? One method is prognosis, or the foresight to reduce ideologies and desires that can cause social conflict. **We** can remove illogic and superstition in people's minds by downgrading religion and tradition and promoting secularism. 

This is where we fundamentally part ways. Who defines these things? What is right and wrong? Illogical & logical?

It sounds like you are proposing to legislate your own opinions, worldview, and morality. I am not sure how this can be considered under the philosophy of libertarianism.

The scientists we often credit for amazing theories and breakthroughs were often the ridicule of their age.

How do you do anything such as proposed that is non-coercive against individuals?

The idea of "we" is a myth. All groups are multiple individuals. Each must be respected, unless they transgress upon another. This includes allowing individuals to hold different views or ways of life, as long as they do not harm another. 
This is generally my take on it as well. Certain things I will not be frugal on, such as the things I put into my body. That is, if I can afford more by being frugal elsewhere.
Agreed! It was refreshing to see such a reply, which is why I wanted to share it with you all and discuss it.
I agree with your above points, philosophically / ethically.

However, when I think of pragmatic in the context of the replies I read above, I think they were referencing the fact that, given the current situation, they mine as well push for programs (using the compulsory tax dollars) and initiatives that are in agreement with them.

Ideally there would be no compulsory taxes, government, and so forth. 
Thank you. 

It sounds as though I am considering (a) individualist socialism or (b) anarcho-capitalism. The disagreement between the two being on the opinion of private property as a form of aggression, or not.

The former (individualist socialism) holds that private property, as opposed to occupancy & use of property, is an act of aggression as to maintain 'ownership' even when not being occupied and/or used requires threat or threat of force.

The latter (anarcho-capitalism) holds that private property is a natural extension of individual liberty, or self-ownership, because they began occupying & using it first or justly obtained it through the original occupier & user's exchange/trade. Thus, anyone occupying or using it due to their temporary absence is now the rightful heir of it.

This is interesting because both agree that free market is good and that statism is bad. I would agree with both in this respect.

However, what I am torn between is the idea that someone can occupy & use the land just because someone left for the store and no one was around. To me, this is also breaking & entering as well as theft as well, which would then be justified through a sort of threat of force or force as well, by the new occupier dealing with the previous occupier (or owner, depending on your philosophical agreements).

I am open to this. I'd love to hear yours and others points on this. I see possible downfalls & merits to both routes.

I do think this is a good quote that sums of a defense of individualist anarchism's concern with absolute private property:

“I am truly free only when all human beings, men and women, are equally free. The freedom of other men, far from negating or limiting my freedom, is, on the contrary, its necessary premise and confirmation.”

― Mikhail Bakunin

http://anarchism.pageabode.com/afaq/secG1.html (Individualist Anarchism background)
http://anarchism.pageabode.com/afaq/secG3.html (Individualist Anarchists vs. Anarcho-Capitalists)
You could set a time window for the book, announce it early, and have everyone answer a review or propose questions in a thread, and so forth.

I don't think it needs to sync up exactly, time wise. 

Good idea!
If the only argument over the theory & rationale of anarcho-capitalism is the label, that's fine with me. But I wager that we should be focusing, rationally and non-emotionally, on what method respects the individual liberty the most.

My main argument is that while I value a sense of equal opportunity and wellbeing of all individuals, forcing redistrubtion or a 'collective' decision for everyone (not going to respect everyone's view) is not going to be possible through communism or socialism.

The way around that is a free market, where each individual can decide for themselves. Socialist or communist communities **can still form** under anarcho-capitalism, if the individuals choose to do so. The same cannot be said under a socialist or communist (even democratic) society.

That is why I am an AnCap (bleeding heart mind you; I value wellbeing of all) and not an AnCom or any other collectivist alternative.
> In a democratic political system each citizen gets an equal vote. That gets complicated quickly depending on specifics but that is the concept.

While a democracy may be the best route for a society that is still Statist, it is still a form of collectivism. Meaning, even if you have an 'equal' vote, if you are a minority, you're view is disregarded.

How does the outcome of a democratic vote get enforced? How do you force the minority of individuals in a democracy to 'play along' with the majority, other than aggression or force? That is the issue I have.

The only way I can think of is removing any form of monopoly like the State, have a free market (with competition & choice), and allow individuals to decide what is a just exchange between them.

Much, if not all of your concerns about 'capitalism' is simply the result of a monopoly of force (who can take taxes, create laws that benefit a small group of wealthy who can bribe individuals [politicians]). What you are addressing is **crony capitalism**, not free market capitalism, which is what I am referencing from. We have to be on that same page.

Thanks for your interaction and dialogue, though. I am enjoying it.
> In the absence of State power corporate becomes the state without any checks or balances to restrain it. The end result is a lot of dead people.

Even if I agreed with your first part, the latter is dramatic. Even if "corporate" were nothing but evil, inhumane bastards, they would still want healthy consumerism. You need consumers, at least alive enough to use your products & services, to remain 'alive.'

However, once again, without a state to create regulations, patents, and so forth -- the market would be much more competitive and more people could innovate much easier as well as be entrepreneurs.

>You take for granted that a company cannot form a private army in the modern era. You also take for granted all the infrastructure that no company would build or maintain on it's own that makes modern life possible. Or the regulations that protect sustainability. 

I do not take this for granted. Arguably it would be much harder, if not impossible, without a State (and the things that inhibit competition from these regulations, patents, etc), due to so much more competition. It would keep companies in check naturally.

Don't like something, stop consuming it. Conscious capitalism.

It was an odd idea to me, but it makes sense! Odd = different. Different =/= wrong.
Be open. But realise if you both don't agree on what the relationship is, then it isn't.
> I have no idea where this came from, you failed to name someone without current competition like I asked.

Not my intentions. This may sound like a joke, but I will use the example of one's own government. Is this not an example of a 'legalized' monopoly of services through threat of force. It collects taxes, and you can't just opt out less you be thrown in jail. It provides services, and pays for it from those taxes, whether or not you want them.

How can you compete with that?

>Its like the freedom VS security debate. You can never be completely free, nor completely safe. But you can find a middle ground that optimizes both freedom and security without sacrificing one completely. Otherwise you end up pretty secure in solitary confinement or completely free and terrified of being murdered.

I agree with the dichotomy of freedom vs. security. However, do think that removing the State, honoring individual rights (private property & voluntaryism interactions), and conducting things through a free market would do just that. It wouldn't guarantee any single ideology, but it would allow it, **assuming individuals valued that and were willing to exchange their money/property/labor/etc for it**. It would require consent from the individuals.

How else can we preserve that consent for each individual if not through a free market (which cannot exist with a legalized monopoly that is the government; which is automatically an aggression to individual consent because one cannot say "no" and opt out of it).
I apologize if I am missing what you are pointing out, but as I read it, it is certainly not an example of free market capitalism leading to monopolies. In fact, it appears to be a good example of why a State is a negative thing in general, and especially for a free market of equally free individuals.
The difference is that people have choices of where to work, or to take the same service/product that Company A is enacting and offer better x, y, or z. This can be wages, ethical practices, employee benefits, more environmentally conscious. In a free market, that is. Currently the issue is all of the barriers to competition and protectionism for monopolies & big business who are in 'cahoots' with the politicians and government system (which happens to utilize **our** money as they see fit, without asking us [try not paying your taxes] ).

If people value those things, they will certainly want to give their money or labor to it much more than a company that does not respond to this. A company cannot survive without consumers or users.
>  an anarchist production system is to provide for everybody's needs and wants - to house, clothe and feed everyone without exception. You should still be free to live a small-scale self-sufficient lifestyle if you want to, though.

I thought anarchy was simply a lack of government or oppressive/coercive authority? How we go about it from there is the "socialism" (or communism, which sounds like what you're describing?) or "capitalism" part after it.
> Like I say, some decisions might need to be made democratically.

That is where I have to fundamentally disagree with it. A democratic society is simply a form of "tyranny of the majority." Even in a republic style, unless the Constitution or rules are decided by unanimous vote, it is not okay for me.

That is why I like the idea that private property preserves the individual's freedom to make voluntary exchanges with others based upon each parties consent, *without the need for a democracy, or collective opinion > individual's*.

>he abolition of private property does not imply that you can no longer have personal possessions - that's a misconception. Often we make a distinction between 'property', meaning capitalist property, and 'possessions', meaning the things you need and use.

Fair, my example was indeed of personal property.

>Surely anarcho-capitalism would have to deal with this in the same kind of way.

Yes, there would be competing services that act just as the police do not, just not in a monopoly of the 'government' as I understand it. They will evolve and form based upon the consumer's preferences. Thus it will be what the people make it to be, or allow it to be, through their contributions and business.

How can we do this another way without individual's losing their consent to the majority/collective or another fashion?

Again, in an an-cap society, people could *choose* to create a libertarian socialist community on their own. But it would be through their own choice, not a majority vote.

Thanks for the dialogue!
Okay. What happens when I find a plot of land and decide to grow my food there, I chop wood and built a log cabin, raise a family, and sustain myself there without the need for anyone else?

How do we deal with someone coming in and just eating the food I raised/planted, wearing the clothes from the hang-line out to dry in the air, and sleeping on my floor, couch and so forth?

What is the incentive to do something if another can just take it? How do we establish what is alright and not alright?

Without consent, this is not voluntary. What if I am there first, and do not consent to the others using the things I have cultivated and established?

Is this not the essential factor of having private property? If they had something to exchange in value or I simply *wanted* to share, I would then do so willingly. But where is the foundations that establish these boundaries and preserve the same individual freedom that we sought to preserve by removing the state?
You referenced the East India Company as an example of free market capitalism allowing a monopoly which was abusive. This is just not the case. The East India Company was able to grow so powerful due to the special Royal Charter from the Queen of England as well as government intervention. This is a pure example of **crony capitalism, not a free market.** We agree here. This is bad. I am equally opposed to government intervention, which is not free market capitalism. This is like claiming a scientific law from an experiment that was interfered with.

>The company **received a Royal Charter from Queen Elizabeth** on 31 December 1600,[3] making it the oldest among several similarly formed European East India Companies. Wealthy merchants and **aristocrats** owned the Company's shares.[4] The government owned no shares and had only indirect control.
>Despite **frequent government intervention**, the company had **recurring problems with its finances.** 

It says they had only indirect control, but that does not mean that the authority and monopoly of influence & force that the England had in the world was not infleunced by their cronyism. A Royal Charter is a form of "letters patent" which is:
>a type of legal instrument in the form of a published written order issued by a monarch or president, generally **granting** an office, **right, monopoly**, title, or status **to a person or corporation.**

How hard do you think it was to compete with East India if you didn't have the Queen's nod? Certainly not a free market. Oh, and don't forget all of that biased advantage that would be thrown from supporters of the East India Company in the aristocracy and with influence in government, which was able to show favoritism and protectionism in this market against any competitors that threatened their monopoly.

Capitalism isn't inherently bad or good. It is just a system that reflects the values & desires of consumers/individuals within society. The market exists solely by what consumers value and request from people who then seek to provide it. An exchange is between two individuals consenting to the agreed upon values.

When you have involuntary mobs with a monopoly of force or threat of force (like a government or state or empire), then things are always hampered. This stifles the freedom in a market and does not allow it to operate. Monopolies are bad because it removes choice, and choice is central to freedom. 

 
What is an alternative to anarcho-capitalism that allows for voluntary, non-coercive interactions between individuals within a society?

Within such a society, people can choose to create a libertarian socialist community. It will happen if people do it voluntarily.

Anything other than that is coercion and dominance of the individual by the group.
I start from the point of voluntaryism, that is, voluntary interactions without coercion. The example of avocados you cite is an example of where capitalism, or a "free market" would be helpful. There would be less of a market, and thus less production efforts sought by individuals in search of consumers for profit, if there was largely no major value for avocados by individuals (consumers).

How else do we decide how to do things between one another, respecting that each individual needs to consent to each action (voluntary interactions)? How does socialism do this without breaking the foundation of voluntary interactions between individuals?
The past examples of capitalism you refer to, did any of these exist without a state regulating and interfering? If not, we are not speaking about a free market.
> infrastructure barriers to entry with most markets 

Can you ELI5 this for me? Also -- does this barrier still exist without patents, trademarks, and so forth that we see limiting immediate competition in a free market without a state authority?
You will never experience the experience of death. Think about that.

Do not worry. Live.
>  accumulated wealth **left unchecked**

I agree with you -- when capitalism exists with forms of non-consensual authority such as the State.

However, on this point, they accumulate wealth (power) through the consumption from consumers. With competition, consumers will not give wealth to those they do not value. There will be multiple companies or producers for products & services. If there are no differences besides their companies ethics & behaviors, I will choose the one that is in line with my own values & ethics.

Besides, money is power in a corruptible sense when there is a State (with politicians) to bribe for advantages through laws, subsidies, patents (inhibiting competition and promoting monopolies). They can have all the money in the world, but without an external form of authority over you (such as the State through laws, police arresting you --> jail, and so forth), they will have to bribe **you**. The choice remains in your hands, so accepting a condition or offer in exchange for something of value (money or otherwise), you made the choice. It is no longer a form of dominance or aggression against you.

So, in this case, I would disagree, in an anarchist (lacking a State) society with a free market.
Agreed. Read more about "anarcho-capitalism."
It would be hard for things to get produced without people to help produce them, or people to consume them.

If Company A is producing or servicing something, and they refuse to pay wages that are fair, then Person A can create Company B that provides all the same elements that work, only with different values and a fairer wage.

Workers would very likely decide to go to Company B. Company C can do the same thing, competing with benefits to draw in more workers. Those who can provide the production and offering of services (and thus jobs) to the most people (spread to multiple locations as well) at the best wages and benefits, will succeed.

How is that bad? Those benefits, such as healthcare, medicine, clothing, food, and so forth are products and services. We **must** pay for them. We do now as well, but this is done through taxes and without your consent (I doubt you agree with everything your tax dollars are appropriated to).

I argue that the free market would naturally allow for an increase in accessibility (affordability through competition driving prices down and wages & benefits up), and in turn, an increased quality of life.
I doubt people would want that, as it is a threat to them. People start doing that, stop giving them business. You must remember, it will provide an opportunity for someone to market the same product or service but with better exemplified ethics, values, and service.

There would be no patents (protected by threat of force by a government) so people could easily provide competition. The providers of goods & services would rely upon the consumers (individuals, you and I). 

In this society, there would be many more options (competition), which would not only allow us more choices (such as who is NOT acting in a potentially tyrannical fashion, or whatever other value of concern), it would also be a way to drop the prices and allow more access.

Apply that concept to the things we are concerned with today. Healthcare, medicine, food, clothing, shelter, et al. A lot of the issues that we have today, socially, (and which UBI is now trying to address), comes predominantly from regulations and cronyism coming from capitalists taking advantage through the State.

We pay taxes to the State/government, they utilize our money. We hope they utilize it in ways we agree with. A lot of it we likely don't, but in some other areas we like it. We have no real bargaining power there. It is a lump deal, not a la carte.

Politicians want money. They can be easily bribed. Capitalists with more money can influence them through this, in exchange for regulations, laws, and monopolistic-inducing policies.

In a free market, without politicians and taxes (I wouldn't consent to half of the stuff my tax dollars go to if I could choose to support only the specific services/programs I agree with, would you?), those same elements would be dealt with on a private level, and woudl only survive if consumers determined they wanted them through their consumption.

This is the closest we can get to each having a 'say' (through consumption). What we value as consumers will be profitable. If a large amount of people do not value it, it will not be profitable and will be revised to meet the consumers needs (values, et al).
If we go to the base, before politics, we have ethics. I am claiming that, if we are to agree that individual rights and liberty are important, then we cannot ethically have a State. In essence, the natural conclusion is anarchism, or a less triggering word -- libertarianism without a central authority (try not paying your taxes if you do not consent to something that it is going to, such as a self-determined unjust war, and see what happens --> jail, threat of or actual force/coercion) and a free market through capitalism. Capitalism, mind you, not 'crony' capitalism that we see manifest when capitalism and a state exist at the same time. It doesn't work. We are living in it. :)
The issue becomes with how we move towards that. Not everyone will agree with how. A majority vote (democracy) will not even ensure individual's are not subject to the "tyranny of the majority."

The only way I have been able to reconcile this is through Anarcho-Capitalism; removal of the state (to remove cronyism) and a free market. Consent is necessary in all interpersonal relationships and exchanges, thus removing the idea of an individual not having a choice (particularly to say "no").

Within this system, people could create communities that are more welfare oriented, where they agree to participate in the social security or social welfare programs, for a fee. It would simply be privatized and done within self-created and self-managed communities for that. A "customer base" if you will.
> There is no way to separate economic power from political power. As such, the capitalists will always use their power to create regulations that favour themselves at the expense of upstart competitors.

Indeed, there will always be crony capitalism (crapitalism) with government. I may have forgotten to mention that I don't believe the State or a form of non-consensual government can exist for free market capitalism to exist, for exactly the reason you stated. But that doesn't mean free market capitalism can't exist at all, ever.

Look up Anarcho-Capitalism (AnCap for short), Austrian economics, Polycentric Law, etc. There are respective subreddits for more info/discussion to understand it better.

Thanks for your reply!
Even if I agree (consent) to the UBI, what about those who do not consent to their taxes going towards this? From an ethical standpoint, we are essentially committing theft. Not just with UBI, but with any social welfare program.

I am not opposed to welfare, but I am opposed to forcing another to pay into it if they do not feel it is a worthwhile thing.

What is more important -- individual freedom or collective welfare? I don't think we need to decide, it does not have to be mutually exclusive. The former can allow the latter (if people truly support it morally and through their choice/consent to support it economically). However, the latter, without the former (consent), is unethical and theft.

Interesting, eh? But **I am personally** pro-UBI.
I find it funny that competition is called a "war." Who's suffering? Certainly not anyone in London, OH! :D
If anything, it is economically responsible and wise. Screw cultural norms. Do what you find appropriate for yourself.
I used to blame capitalism. The more I research, it seems to be capitalism hampered by unfair intervention (helping the inequality grow worse) that stifles innovation and competition. Hoarding/sitting on patents, regulations, etc.

Perhaps free market capitalism without state intervention would improve things over time. Just playing the devil's advocate. 

I didn't understand the difference between free market and crony capitalism.
Just to be safe. Cryonics. DNA archive.
Reality is not black and white, agreed. That doesn't mean we don't guide our actions through principles. In this case, we are speaking about the idea of individual liberty, that is, to be free from the coercion of others. Choice. The ability to say "no."

Free market may not offer unlimited choices, but it still allows a choice from the individual without an external coercion. 

I personally agree with more humane, equitable treatment of humans. I would take this into consideration in what I look for and support as a consumer. If others agree, as you say, then the market with adjust to those preferences or I can create them and if they are popular I will be successful.

How does the an-cap ideology require coercion, as you claim?

What is the alternative?  How can "equality" be achieved without an authority dictating the definition and agreed upon standard of this equity without the consent of all individuals? What is a better way than a free market where each individual chooses to enact their preferences through consumption choices?

> It is only rational for people with free will to voluntarily work for the values of determinism.

Agreed, personally. That's two of us. But what of those individuals who do not agree in general, or with a specific act or proposition in relation to one another? Should they be coerced or forced to do so?

How can we do that, without a state? With democracy -- whether the majority decision or the Constitution? (Someone is inevitably not going to agree with the majority decision, do they just suck it up?)
I am by no means an expert in political or economic theory. I am trying to understand both sides as much as possible and to argue for and against to test my understanding and the theory in practice.

One thing I think a lot of people have a hard time imagining is how things get done and cooperation happens without an automatic, authoritarian (non-consensual) state government.

One option is a decentralized, consensual agreement-based communities, called "Communities of Legal Agreement" or COLA.

I just learned about it as an option, so you can read more alongside me here, mainly on the side bar of this subreddit:
https://www.reddit.com/r/Polycentric_Law/
Thanks. Yea, I think we've become so accustomed to authority that is established without our consent, that we think we cannot do it consensually, among multiple people outside of traditional business relationships (partnership agreements, consumer relations, etc) because it is currently done by the state.
Sorry if I am missing a major point in this rather long reply (thank you though!), but what is wrong with having a strong ethical foundation behind a rationale for a system?

Libertarianism, defined on Wikipedia as:
>Libertarianism (Latin: liber, "free") is a political philosophy that upholds liberty as its principal objective. Libertarians seek to **maximize autonomy and freedom of choice, emphasizing political freedom, voluntary association and the primacy of individual judgment.**[1][2]

Democracy does not allow this. Libertarian socialism is based upon a democratic ownership and decision base of the means of production, is it not?

Anyone outside of the majority or end result vote, who did not consent, is going to be subject to an action (enforced by the majority will or some law which is another aspect of external, collective authority) that they did not consent to. This goes against the notions of libertarianism.

How do we address that? I am finding the argument of anti-state, decentralized laws, and free market capitalism to be the only way to arrive at a system that does not sacrifice the indvidual & their liberty to the collective will (which will inevitably violate someone outside of their **own decision** to do something).

It doesn't guarantee equal well-being. But is preserves freedoms of the individual and removes the ability of others to impose their will (non-consensually) upon you. Is libertarianism about equality (which is negated when a minority of individuals are subject to an action that affects them without their consent in democracy of any form).

I am open to another alternative, but to deny this "logic" of ethical considerations behind freedom as a valid foundation for a theory, such as right-libertarians (voluntaryists, an-caps, etc) doesn't seem very fair to the spirit of debate and understanding.
> If you elected your parliamentary delegates through a single transferable vote system instead of first past the post voting, instead of getting 100% of parliament in support of option A, you'd get 80% in support of option A, 10% in favor of B, 5% in favor of C, and 5% in favor of D, which is roughly proportional to the views of the electorate.
> 
> With that in mind, the delegates in favor of B-C-D could form a coalition to block the passage of A by filing unfriendly amendments, filibustering, etc etc. The delegates in the A camp would have to capitulate and make some sort of a concession to get B-C-D on board, or try and ram it through and hope that B-C-D would be willing to work with them to get more controversial legislature passed in the future.
> 
> Obviously it's not perfect, but it's a lot better than a simple majority ruling on every single issue all the time.

How is your example any different from a republic that we have now. I was under the assumption that libertarian socialism was opposed to the authority of the state, including any elected officials or a central organization with the power to make laws and thus enforce them through, well, force or threat of force.

I was under the impression that libertarians don't disagree on being anti-state. But this seems to be a form of statism, even though it is democratic or a republic. How do we elect the leaders? 

Without a state, or a central authority that can tell an individual what to do, despite them not consenting to the exchange or interaction or law, how can we have socialism?

Is there a way to preserve the free choice of the **individual** through any other means that free market capitalism, devoid of a state authority intervening in the free exchange and choices between individuals?

It is certainly not ideal, and I don't know if it would create equality in an economic sense (likely not, as some will provide more value or have more motivation to innovate successfully than others). However, each individual will have the equal freedom from coercion outside of their own decisions and the just (consented to) exchanges between individuals.
Indeed!

The question may be more appropriately, is this **useful or not**, rather than is this 'true' or not?
> exploring the way that some people are taken with the meanings behind things and turn esotericism into mysticism. 

Yes, indeed. I think this is an important distinction and realization to have, especially if one is inclined to the esoteric traditions.
>Buddhist communes and temples might be one of these. Of course even in those you have hierarchies between senior and junior practitioners.

I said love affair. Love is often better in thought than reality.

I think I'll remain on this plane, although I enjoy mindfulness & minimalism at times. :)
>This assumes that your construct of government uses first-past-the-post voting, does everything by referendum, and has no constitutionally mandated obligations.

Perhaps you could go into more detail on how these would address it, or provide an source that already addresses my concerns this is in reply to?

Regardless, doesn't any form of 'collective' process negate individual liberty, as in the decision may go against the will of the individual involved? While not always utopian, free market capitalism, without structural systems of authority to enforce unfair advantages through restrictions, subsidies, and so forth would increase competition and remove systems of oppression we associate with capitalism as it is now.

People 'vote' through their free market decisions.

I do not like the **idea** of inequality, however I fail to see how one can remove it without coercion and force, as even with a democracy those who do not agree will be pushed to follow suite.

How can we arrive at equality, justly. Just as in not violating individual liberty? 

>Okay, but how do you make sure that no cronyism exists? Capitalism inherently produces inequality, successful businesspeople will be able to set up monopolies that you don't have a government to trust-bust. AnCap sets up a pathway to create unchecked systems of oppression, and it relies on the benevolence of those who find themselves at a competitive advantage to play "fair" in a game with no rules.

I am not convinced any system can remove inequality. There will be people who provide more value at certain times, and they will be rewarded for that. A lot of the issues I have now are due to people being protected through government regulation and cronyism. Without that, the people decide through their consumer choices and are much more apt to improve or innovate without patents, copyrights, and so forth preventing them from such improvement and innovation. Don't like something? Others don't either? Change it, modify it, and provide that improved good or revised service. The people, if they actually agree, would naturally have a new choice, and choose that preferred option.

No need to 'take a vote' and do what the majority want. People can decide for themselves.

What is the alternative to preventing inequality, justly, through another means such as socialism, outside of unjust coercion & threat of force?
It is still a democratic-based system, which still leans more collectivist and not based on individual choice. So I agree, it doesn't eliminate the issue Chomsky often raises about capitalism.

I am more and more inclined to lean towards capitalism as the means (of the systems I am aware of) as at least free market allows individual choice, devoid of collective/majority 'will' forcing me into something I didn't consent to.

It kills my utopia of equality, but I think it is unjust to have an 'equality' through force. Even more so, it is defined by the majority, not each individual through their own free choice/action. Thus, it is only equality for the majority who choose it (in a democracy) and those in a small group of elite (oligarchy, dictatorship, central administration).

If a community forms around egalitarian principles through their own natural, individual volition, great! That is the only way I can see it being just, despite my idealistic and utopian love affair at heart. :)
Things just keep lining up for me to read this book. Thanks for sharing that.
> Alot of people get confused on this point once the state comes into the picture, because this will introduce legal privilege into the equation and removes the component of competition which is crucial to the market and the system ancaps advocate. In this way those with this privilege can operate to the advantage of others and this is where you will really see wealth inequality come about. This has many forms, government granted monopoly privilege, tariffs and various other state interventions.
> 
> This is why you will see people around here saying things like "that is crony capitalism not capitalism" till they are blue in the face, this is something the left/socialists/collectivists either have trouble understanding through a lack of economic understanding or simply obfuscate to suit their political agenda.

Agreed! 

The **(a)** distinction between crony capitalism and free market capitalism (devoid of a state or another arbitrary, non-consensual authority) and **(b)** realization that democracy does not eliminate a form of coercion on individuals (majority/mob rule > individual liberty) changed a lot of what I founded my initial affinity with libertarian socialism on.

Notice that I am libertarian in both instances. I am just exploring the best **means** to that **end**, of individual liberty (and ideally, not allowing myself or another to suffer). So even in an AnCap society, if I was able to, I'd be philanthropic within reason.

>Ancaps and libertarians in general are charged with not giving a shit about the poor etc because they dont support wealth redistribution and welfare etc. And this is superficially plausible, but the reality is they care just as much as anyone else they just believe the free market to be the best way of achieving the best standard of living for as many people as possible.

I agree. I think most of those within both sides of the libertarian left and right divide genuinely want to improve society and allow greater well-being amongst everyone. The **means** and conclusions are just different, for whatever reason.

Just as I distinguished between crony capitalism and free market capitalism, I would hope anarchists here will consider the difference between statist/authoritarian socialism/communism and non-statist, democratic, libertarian socialism. The latter is far more tolerable from a libertarian bent, but I do think the argument against democracy not eliminating aggression or coercion/tyranny is a pretty strong one.
The most compelling argument against socialism, even the non-authoritarian (libertarian) bent, is that democracy (majority rule) is a form of oppression against the minority individuals.

We have 100 people in a commune. 80 of the 100 vote to do A, but the other 20 wanted to do a mix of B, C, and D. If we are to value individual liberty and recognize that the majority **overpowers** the minority individuals, then only 80% of the people are benefited. While this sounds nice, 20% of the population are being oppressed by the system.

We can argue that they can simply leave and form another society based around principles A, B, C, or D. True. 

However, AnCaps argue that the idea of a free market without state interventions (which create a lot of the unfair opportunistic, allow monopoly, and inhibit consumer choices that shape the market and reform it) would allow each **individual** to shape the market based upon their 'votes' which would be in the form of economic decisions.

They distinguish between crony capitalism (the kind we have now due to states being influenced by 'big money' and creating laws and subsidies that benefit and perpetuate dominance in the economic realm, ala monopolies, patents, and so forth that inhibit innovation and competition which drive down prices for consumers and allow entrepreneurship from those in the market) and free market capitalism. The former allows the injustices that I disagree with and seek to eliminate and the latter may actually hold a viable alternative to increasing individual liberty, as democracy still holds the opportunity to oppress the minority by the majority.

I am open to counterpoints. But surprisingly, this is pretty compelling. I was resting my support of libertarian socialism (non-authoritarian, non-statist) on the view that democracy was good for liberty. But I didn't think of it in this way. Pretty compelling for me.

It seems you can choose equality or liberty. The latter may provide the former through individuals choosing to support that. The former, without the latter (individual consent) is tyrannical and oppressive for those who did not consent.
He is particularly anarcho-syndicalism so I think he is anti-state, pro-democratic. However, I am aware of the sound arguments against democracy coming from a non-aggression / pro-individual liberty perspective. Just making the distinction, as I think many people lump all leftist thinkers in with Stalinist, authoritarian centrally planned markets.
To be fair, Chomsky would not defend authoritarian socialism, and would detest this.
Thank you for bringing this to my attention. You're correct, I didn't intend to cause any issues and was unaware this was against the rules. The latter is my mistake.


Interesting! Doesn't this sound like telepathy?
Your previous activity on this 'throwaway' account is not very... becoming either. Lol!
Sounds good, thanks again!
Phew! I saved this, but that is a lot at once. Tiny bites... :D
Still on the journey. I have a hard time 'settling,' as I continue to explore, question, and each time I do I tend to drift again. Ha ha.

I have grown comfortable in acertainty and am sort of label-phobic.

That said, can you refresh me on what COLA stands for?
Reading the reviews of this book on Amazon make me want to read it all the more. I enjoy symbolism and the esoteric means of communicating principles, values, and knowledge.

However, I think this is a good passage that brings people back to reality. They are symbols, and they link to something real and essential.

"The map is not the territory." -Alfred Korzybski

Map = belief, symbols, metaphor; Territory = reality, essential, 'thing itself'

Trying to communicate this clearly. Sort of how words are symbols for the message communicated, and not to get caught up in them.

Don't worship the container, utilize the contents.
> This is the stuff Chomsky warns about, that the professors are not to be trusted.

I agree. I find it odd that Chomsky understands this, yet advocates socialism in the economic sense to combat it if democracy in the economic realm (libertarian socialism in this case; anarcho-syndicalism for Chomsky specifically) would only create a potential tyranny by the majority, as those who were in the minority would lose out on their **individual** choice, yielding it (when it is not in majority favor) to the collective.

So libertarian socialism is about removing inequality, and libertarian capitalism (anarcho-capitalism) is about individual liberty?
>You originally began talking about democratic socialism, and my feeling on that is that democracy is inherently collectivist. And it sounds like you're coming from a collectivist point of view, so this may prove to be something of a blind spot for you.

Thank you, perhaps! I certainly did not think of democracy as a form of potential tyranny from the majority. It made me take a step back from using direct democracy as a substitute to our current republic -- the latter now more appealing than the former on the basis of individual rights.

I see how democracy is essentially collectivist & egalitarian and not individualist. 

I don't doubt that I am libertarian in a anti-state, pro-individual rights sense. The reason I found libertarian *socialism* to be favorable was because I thought the idea of extending democracy (assuming this to be a good thing that would increase individual freedom) to the economic realm (socialism) would be a net positive for each individual, by removing hierarchy, oppression, and promoting equality.

However, perhaps I cannot have equality and individual rights. The latter can choose to promote the former through their own volition, but the former without the latter is coercion. Does that sound right?

I am trying to unwind my thought processes and conclusions. Thanks for your time thus far!
> I'm not sure it's really fair to use obviously hypocritical people as your example of your "genuine" opponents.
> 
> Sure, it's fun to rag on hypocrisy in your opponents camp, and I do it all the time, but presenting this as "really existing free market theory" is just bad taste. If I wanted to engage socialists, I would point out hypocrites in their camp too, but saying "this is what real socialists are like and the rest is just hand-waving" is dishonest.

Agreed.

>After that there is very legitimate criticism of Reagan, the Pentagon, prisons, the drug war, etc. If he's trying to use this to show that people who talk this way aren't genuine free market thinkers, this is all great, but if he's painting this as real libertarian free market theory, this is just slanderous.

Agreed! I enjoyed his critique of crony capitalism and the abuse inherent with the state, but I don't think he was making a fair argument against free market capitalism at all by just focusing on people who fail to genuinely apply it.

>So far, this is an excellent talk about why what we typically see in politics isn't genuine free market thinking, but only wears free market clothing.

I know, right? I was surprised myself. I was hoping Chomsky would actually address his disagreements with actual free market capitalism after making solid arguments against crony capitalism.

>And there's some more ramblings after this. In general, Chomsky has some very legitimate complaints about government, subsidies, cronyism, etc., which makes it all the stranger that he concludes that the solution isn't restoring genuine free market principles and getting rid of these things, but rather is making sure these things exists for "the poor" or "the workers" or whatever other pet populist term he wants to use.

This *is* rather interesting for me as well. I am back to chopping wood and carrying water. Just the other day I was set on libertarian socialism. :P

Thanks for sharing. This is a nice reminder of the earthly roots of our sometimes overly abstracted symbolism and sacredness. It is still beautiful, almost more so. I don't have words for it, but this passage was very affective.
Looking for some responses to this article, in particular I want to start with this segment:

>Capitalism, being an inherently hierarchical system in which wealth is disproportionately distributed to those who own capital in the form of a means of production or other type of workplace, cannot be reconciled with libertarianism as it was known in its original sense (before the mid 20th century): a system of society in which inequality and unjustified hierarchy is abolished. The concentration of wealth in the hands of a minority ruling class, which is typical in any capitalist society — libertarian or not — allows for concentrations of political power, and therefore, plutocratic tyranny and hierarchy.

http://libertyandsocialism.org/2012/05/11/a-libertarian-socialist-critique-of-the-libertarian-party-and-ron-paul/
I would agree.
> so I think he should definitely be taken seriously. But there's a difference between "serious" and "correct", of course.

Agreed!
I haven't read this yet, but I am about to. It is "Free Market Fantasies" by Noam Chomsky.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgFlJjnULh0 (audio)

http://www.chomsky.info/talks/19960413.htm (text/transcribed)

From what I've read thus far, it seems like a critique on those who claim to be free-market enthusiasts but are statist, crony capitalists in reality (in action). I don't think anyone here would disagree with that?
Hi all,

I recently went to test my growing agreement with the tenants of libertarian socialism at /r/Anarcho_Capitalism. I actually received some compelling arguments there.

I share this because I'd like to request some of you to go to this thread and **respectfully review and participate by countering any points they have made in defense of anarcho-capitalism.**

Please, **do not go there and simply name call or call it inauthentic anarchism** because of this request or post. I would enjoy the same respectful dialogue that has been given to me there to be extended to them.

This is about finding if our theories are sound, not about 'who is right' through petty name calling or closing our minds off to possible counterarguments. We are all better off by reviewing our own logic that has led each of us to our respective political philosophies.

Thanks in advance to those who participate.
> I'm personally not sure what to make of it all, but I lean in favor of Huemer's conclusion, mainly because I can't debunk his argument that political authority is an illusion.

I find Huemer's argument sound as well. However, I also realize that the universal basic income is better than out current welfare system.

Do we refuse anything that is not fully in line with our political philosophy, or do we allow for improved conditions despite their inherent flaws, as long it is better? Incremental change, better than none?
I definitely agree that the state is often corrupted and abusive, despite their rhetoric and justifications. However, I notice that all of your references to socialism & communism are to a specific kind (just like I was addressing crony capitalism specifically before while generalizing this to all of capitalism) -- that of authoritarian / statist socialism/communism. I was before in agreement with the notion of a democratic, non-violent, non-statist form of socialism or communism, namely libertarian socialism.
Fantastic reply. Thanks.
> I expect we will do exactly that. We could do that now, except that governments figured out that they could raise taxes as productivity went up and our living standards would remain the same. Most people today work under nearly May, 5 months out of the year, to pay the tax bill. Which means they could be taking at least 3 months off a year if they didn't have to pay taxes and could instead pay for social services directly, as ancaps want.

Interesting. So, hypothetically, let us say we live in a society where technology is on the verge of replacing our need for any labor or service. That technology has allowed a sense of abundance (think nanotechnology harvesting carbon to create products).

Do we still need capitalism? Will it still be useful for us?

At this point, could we not simply all enjoy leisure and be 'free' in a sense? I know this is not the reality, and I am not arguing against capitalism in the present reality that we have. I am merely curious as to what conditions would make sense to find another, more fruitful system.
This was useful. I agree, a large part of freedom is the ability to say, "No" to situations & relationships.

My original contention with 'capitalism' (specifically crony capitalism) was that people could not say "no" to a job offer because it was not paying enough, or there were no options, it was inaccessible to resources to innovate/entrepreneurship.

However, it apepars the cause of that is not capitalism, but the state-intervention, imposing of arbitrary limitations (not 'free market') and so forth.

Removing the authority of the state and using a free market to give the choice to individuals appears a viable solution, at least in theory.

Thanks.

What are your thoughts on the use of a universal basic income in the present, however, at increasing the ability for people to say "no" as long as crony capitalism is still the present reality?

Read here: http://blog.eros.com/universal-basic-income/
I've added this to my skim / to-read list, as well as Friedman's "The Machinery of Freedom." The latter is already pretty compelling & convincing in its argument.
I am beginning to agree with this. Thanks.
> It's still explicitly authoritarian. You're telling people how to conduct their economic lives. If I vote that I want to use my own money or capital to do one thing, and everyone else votes that I should use my money or capital for some other thing, they are engaging in an authoritarian direction of my spending habits.

Fair point! It sounds like democracy is in fact another form of potential aggression to individuals liberty.

I am now exploring the concept of voluntaryism as it extends to cooperation, and how that doesn't just later equate to *direct democracy*. Is it the lack of coercion and threat of violence (through private or public means) that follows a vote? **How does one prevent violations of the non-aggression principle without threat of aggression, violence, force, et al?**
Fair enough. Perhaps you are correct in this. I think it goes to the fact that we may not be able to artificially remove elements of what appears to be a part of nature (scarcity, need for food, certain resources, et al) and our inclinations of interaction.

To artificially impose restrictions on nature is also a form of compulsion. Perhaps capitalism without coercion is the optimal choice, lacking one that provides a better mechanism (better = less invasive on individual liberties).
Excellent response, thank you! I would be interested in you private messaging me after you have read more Chomsky, if nothing else to challenge your ideas and see where he is coming from.

I'd love to hear about it if you choose to do so.
Fair enough. Thus far I am finding the Voluntaryist definition/concept and the choice of word to describe it pretty useful. Thanks again for introducing this to me.
Agreed. I think being aware that miscommunication is often due to lack of common ground on the definitions of words is key.

Being able to find that common ground, regardless of the 'symbols' (word choice) used is a sign of an effective communicator.
I enjoyed this post. I largely agree. Let me just address some questions.

>Since it would be very laborious for people to sign an entry agreement every 20 feet in a society where even the roads are privately owned, it's likely that people in such a scenario would **group together into communities of legal agreement, all choosing individually a set of entry agreement rules that are at least marginally acceptable to all of them**, and then living in the same region with contiguous borders so that anyone that signs one entry agreement can wander throughout that territory as if they had signed with all of the people in there.

Isn't this effectively a democracy, where everyone has a say in the rules then? The difference being people are 'free' to leave for another or to create another.

What happens when there are societies (or individuals) seeking to dominate one another? How does a breach of the non-aggression principle get dealt with? If through privatized force or threat of force, what makes this any different than ending up with what we have now?

I mean, anyone 'could' start a new nation, but this would be quickly seen and exploited by the dominant states (originally privately consented to).

I am just not fully convinced that this wouldn't end us back where we are today.

I think your thoughts are intriguing, however. I will look more into the resources you've suggested. However, a lot of it sounds very similar if not synonymous to having a **direct democracy**. What is the distinction?

Philosophically, I agree. If one defines the end as individual freedom, any non-voluntary (compulsory) scenario is an affront to that.

I guess voluntaryism can include forms of democratic socialism, and those who do not agree to such, could simply leave.

I am reading over this: http://voluntaryist.com/fundamentals/introduction.html
> I try not to get caught up with labels too much, different people define capitalism and socialism different ways. I'm more interested in what works and what doesn't,

Agreed! I just have to navigate different labels to communicate and better understand where I am at. Thanks for this reply.
Interesting! I think this is sound!

What alternatives do we have to address this, then? I have been weened on the idea of democracy as good. :P
> No matter what way you cut it people will still have to work to survive, or someone else will have to on their behalf. **That's not because of capitalism, it's just the nature of reality.**

I really like this, and I appreciate you offering it to me in this reply. It does throw a wrench in my previous logic that pushed me towards socialism as a solution to addressing barriers to individual liberty.

I think the biggest thing I was getting caught up on was the crony-capitalism that we see today, and not realizing that is not the only context of capitalism. This removes my ability to argue for socialism t the moment.

Fun, fun, fun. It's hard sometimes to reevaluate our certainties or conclusions. I don't know the answer at this moment, but I am certainly back on the hunt. I appreciate it. 


Interesting. So you are equating democracy in general as a tyranny of the majority?

This is the one argument that compels me to reconsider my promotion of democracy.

What is the alternative to democracy, without removing the potential for the individual (you or I) to be dominated by another?
I am not so sure, at least how I understood libertarian socialism. Without a state or an authoritarian presence, no one *has* to vote or engage in dialogue (democratically) in the direction or decisions of what to do with the means of production.

I am not advocating a statist form of socialism or dictatorship of the 'people'. I am curious how the idea of removing private property and making it democratic, just as the political realm would be after a state authority no longer exists.

The theory is that the state is a potential (and thus not acceptable) form of public tyranny. I think libertarian socialists and an-caps both agree on this level. Libertarian socialists differ, as I understand, because they extend this logic to the potential of capitalism (and thus not acceptable either) to form 'private tyrannies.'

The latter is what I am exploring, if it is valid or not, and how an-caps provide another solution to this realm through the advocating free market capitalism.

I agree on the liberty of the individual party, I am just trying to find out which theory is most robust and sound as a *means* to the *end* of empowering individuals and removing barriers to freedom of the individual, which includes the ability of another to dominate me or another.
I have held sympathies with both perspectives and am open to exploring both. If I did not do this, neither perspective I selected would be 'honest' in how it came about, in my opinion. How can we rule something out if we don't explore it honestly and with curiosity?

I do not condone the shutting down of this discussion by saying, "My label is the only label. You can't use it, you are not *authentic*." 

Seems rather silly and intellectually poor. 

(By the way, I upvoted you because I don't think you should be downvoted simply because I don't agree with your decision to not engage in further thought on this).
Interesting, thank you for the distinctions.

>There is a huge difference a choice of "do what I tell you or die" when the "die" part isn't being caused by the person making the "threat".

So essentially the argument I cited by Chomsky is an example of misidentifying responsibility. It is not the employer or the capitalists responsibility for the individual's life, it is theirs.

My only concern is that when we create a system (capitalism) that requires one to have something to exchange for resources they need, they sort of need that then to survive, no?

I guess the answer is, what is a better option that keeps liberties of the individuals intact? Perhaps the answer is be innovative, entrepreneurial, and so forth.

Perhaps no system can remove the law of survival, that is just part of nature?
Fair points. It seems that capitalism is the impetus to the *assumed* (?) human nature of selfishness (Rand?). Once one has what they and their circle of concern need, the impetus for further innovation is quickened and the thought of providing to others is through the motivating factor of exchange in capitalism?

>Using socialism to 'democratize' the economic realm is explicitly authoritarian. 

Interesting thought. What if this comes about through a democratic vote? I know it sounds far fetched. I am not a supporter of a violent revolution or any type of 'temporary' proletariat dictatorship. But what about gradual change through democracy towards this?
Interesting point. So it is either external compulsion (as in socialism perhaps? But what about democratic socialism, one can choose not to have a say in what should be done with the means of production) or *internal* compulsion, as in **I** need to decide whether I seek a way to create value and thus money/income to exchange for what I need.

Is that a proper distinction? So we cannot remove compulsion completely, the left and right anarchists currents disagree on how to go about it. One through democratic ownership of the means of production (socialism) and one through the free, democratic exchange of private property & value (capitalism)?
Interesting. However, as someone who found a lot of the arguments from left-libertarianism to be compelling, I can only speak for *myself*. I don't agree to petty fighting and namecalling regardless of the topic, it hinders free exploration of ideas I think.

That said, I think the only question I have is how does one justify the idea of private property to begin with? Why do we need to possess (and thus need force to maintain it?) anything to begin with? Can we not be liberated as individuals if we have a democratic extension to the economy (non-statist socialism) as well as to the liberation from state in a political sense?
What are your thoughts on the Libertarian Party in the USA? Are they anti-state enough to classify on this level of criticism of 'crapitalism' or do they not go far enough?
> We all have choices. Sure, they're not always what we want them to be. Some people have better options than others. Not everyone has the same amount of "positive freedom" (freedom to). And nor should they; people who have succeeded on the basis of their own merit should enjoy that success and the greater positive freedom it brings.
> 
> But what Chomsky is unsuccessfully trying to say, is that libertarianism minimizes negative freedom as well (freedom from). This is trivially false.

Thanks, very well articulated and I appreciate it. :)
This made me chuckle, and humor is a good way to make a point. Point made, thanks. :D
> The person who is offering the starving person a job is strictly improving their situation.

Agreed, good point.

>Capitalism does not, generally, encourage the kind of centralization necessary to create a monolithic state. **Without the 'legitimate' ability to use force to ensure compliance, businesses have to keep customers happy to aquire their money and support, and if they fail to do so they will fail.**

This is a great point. A lot of my criticisms of capitalism is actually due to the current threat of violence for those who seek to try and break this up non-compliance seeking to address it.

So a way to combat it without some form of threat of violence or violence itself would be to create a similar company or product with the improved conditions or features that one had an issue with, correct?

>So the main feature of states that allows their maintenance, the authority to use force on people unilaterally, is generally absent under the pure capitalism we're suggesting. States can ensure compliance even when most people dislike the services they provide. Businesses cannot.
>State capitalism, or Corporatism, is qualitatively different.

Thank you. I am understanding this distinction now. This is the main argument that I think is misleading that has led me to view capitalism, or more accurately, Corporatism, as an affront to individual liberty. I am now open to the idea that free market capitalism, without an authority / aggressor ('legit' or not) forcing compliance, is not the same thing and perhaps not an issue to said individual liberty.

Fair point. I would agree this is more honest in communication.
As I understand it, non-authoritarian, democratic socialism would be done democratically as opposed to the idea of consumers through a free market for the latter example of yours.
Fair enough. Very Hobbesian. :)
I think the argument is that those who own the means of production (capitalists) also have the authority to allow you to work for them and thus receive their needed wages to interact & obtain what they need in the economy for themselves.

That is a lot of power over another, that is, being the 'gatekeeper' of the thing (money) people need to interact and obtain their needs & wants.

The alternative would be anarcho-syndicalism or another form of non-authoritarian, democratic ownership of the means of production to avoid this potential dominance in the economic realm entirely.
How do we deal with the massive cuts from technology such as self-driving cards & trucks? The transportation industry provides a very significant portion of the U.S.'s GDP and employment.

How do we address this massive loss of available labor (and thus available means of gaining income & obtaining needed resources/services)? I am sure it will continue to effect other areas of labor and trade as time goes on.

Once we remove a lot of the needs of labor to provide us with resources, goods, needs, and so forth -- do we still need capitalism to *motivate* people to work? Why not allow the new robots to replace this need and to have more leisure?
Chomsky aside, I want to point out that left-libertarianism views socialism as a means of giving more democracy to the economic realm.

The motivation for work would be to produce cars because it is better than riding a horse. A/C & heat are nice because it is better than freezing to death or not having relief from muggy & hot weather. And so forth.

However, instead of having private individuals run this, everyone involved would have a stake in it, removing the possibility of private individuals to grow in their power and be able to dominant another in the economic realm.

This is just another perspective. I am not clinging to it. I am interested in how you address non-authoritarian socialism, however -- such as anarcho-syndicalism or mutualism for example.
I would only argue that a lot of the quality of life of laborers came from unions and those fighting with people power to demand better work environments & resources to allow this improvement. Minimum wages, paid leave, and so forth.

However, I think this may work itself out in a anarchist capitalist society, where workers can simply create the same business model but with better offerings so workers will go there instead. In an an-cap society, wouldn't there by no patents or trademarks, so less facts protecting the abusive company from immediate competition.

Perhaps I am missing something to counteract this, however. Thanks for engaging.
This is a really compelling argument / perspective you have shared. Thanks!
Thanks for taking the time to engage with me. I am strongly considering and working through these perspectives.
> What slavery is, is nothing more than being forced to work without recompense. Having to work to survive is an inescapable fact of reality, however much we may wish for the technological singularity to do some neat stuff and solve all of our problems.

Fair enough. While he speaks out about the use of linguistics to manufacture consent, or in this case agreement, perhaps he utilizes it for his own perspectives! Makes sense. In this case calling 'shitty income' jobs 'wage slavery.'

Word use aside, he still has a point I think. Is it really fair to say one has an 'option' between a job that doesn't pay enough (out of necessity if there is nothing else at the time) and not having job, with income, and thus at least having *some* ability to access things they need, albeit not much of quality.

Is picking between no resources and a really minimal amount of resources (through wealth/income and ability to access goods & services with that) really a good choice? Is this not removing true choice, and thus the individual's liberty? Can this not be considered a form of dominance from a private party?

That sounds nice. I am just concerned with the idea that not everyone can do those things, so they should just take the lesser paying job out of necessity (not starving), giving them lesser income, and thus less access to better private services such as protection, legal aid, and so forth (prices will likely be based upon their reputation & success/ability of service)?
So essentially if there is an issue, one simply seeks to fix that issue by offering the same service (or good) with the self-perceived improvement to right the 'wrong', and let others decide if they agree (through their economic support)? Interesting thought.

What about the idea of compounded wealth through inheritance. If all of the services such as physical protection, legal services, and so forht are dependent upon skill (and likely this comes with increased prices), would the best available not be limited to those with the most disposable income & wealth?

Would this not give an advantage to those with more economic power (wealth), thus having less liberty for those with less economic power?
So, just to clarify, what is your position on this? Left-libertarianism?
Fair enough. I am finding his arguments compelling, perhaps simply from a lack of imagination of the 'third option(s).'

If you have specific examples & alternative considerations/arguments, I am open to hearing them.
Thanks for your time in replying to me.

How does an an-cap society deal with those who are not able to find an 'economic niche' or are unable to contribute, such as physically disabled or mentally disabled individuals? Do we just rely on human empathy and hope someone is willing to provide for them?

How do we deal with the potential of 'private tyrannies' to develop if someone gains a large monopoly of an essential resource, service, or jobs for income for those who would be laborers and those without capital or a product/service to offer cannot sustain themselves because of this monopoly?

I guess anything else is forcing another to do something. I am just testing how this perspective responds to different examples I can think of to test it for myself.
Congratulations! I am likely being influenced by my morning coffee buzz, but I love to hear positive stories of how community can help each of us as individuals. In this case, /r/askgaybros.

Thanks for sharing!
This should happen at all workplaces. Quality of life has never improved through passivity & apathy.
Sounds like the author is unaware that libertarianism has a left and right approach, distinguished by socialism vs. laissez faire capitalism in the economics realm, only speaking of the latter.
How will capitalism evolve to address mass removal of labor (opportunities for wages & income to operate within a capitalist economy) due to technology that is coming? It is already on the horizon for the transportation field altogether (Google's self-driving cars, trucking, et al).

Into to this idea --> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Pq-S557XQU
To address your concern of your current partner, let them know about the option of utilizing Truvada as PrEP. If taken daily, after 7 days of dosage, tests show that it prevents HIV up to 99%.

I want to know that while we do not know each other, I wish you the best through this time. Ride the roller coaster of emotions (highs & lows), and feel it. Don't deny your emotions, it only allows them to grow in negative ways. Do what you need to do to continue to be healthy, in a holistic way (emotionally, physically, mentally, spiritually (if it applies)).

<3
This is actually a potentially compelling argument and new way of understanding the distinction for me.

I would enjoy some more discussion on the following thing that holds me still leaning towards the economic idea of left-libertarianism.

What about the potential for oppression and private authority of those who have an overwhelming advantage economically such as those today who have so much economic power that they can influence politicians (or own all of the means of income through jobs) and so forth?

With that power over access to incomes through a monopoly or oligarchy on labor opportunities (in exchange for income), what about the potential for those who are discriminated against or oppressed such as we see today and in the past of people of color, LGBT, transgendered, and so forth?
This sounds nice to me, but in reality, I can't imagine if I was hurting for cash and income to pay bills to buy food, rent a place to sleep, and so forth -- denying a job, especially in a market where it is tough to find one in the first place.

It's call desperation. If one could say "no" without risking their well-being and ability to function within society (we need money to exchange and interact and obtain things), then I would agree. But I don't think this is the case at present.
Please calm down. I am not dead set on any ideology. I am explaining how I understand it. Please enlighten me respectfully. Show me some links or things to read.

(1) I understand that both an-capitalists and an-socialists both value individuality and freedom, regardless of disagreements on how to bring that about. **What, if not democracy, is a way to do that without oppressing another, and thus not respecting their individual freedom?**

(2) My argument against private ownership of the means of production (capitalism) was because I have witnessed how oppressive the dominance between owner/manager/etc and laborer/worker/etc can be. In a capitalist society, one needs a form of wage or income to have power & influence within it, no? I am just questioning this as another form of oppression, just as the State can be, so can private forms of authority, such as monopolies, oligarchies, and so forth can can come from the abuse in the economic realm. My reasoning is to promote individual freedom, not to 'steal' from another.

(3) Can you explain or provide some reading to explain examples of how monopolies and other forms of oppression that many associate with capitalism would not happen in a free market, as opposed to what we have now?

I want to note that I do *not* support a state/authoritarian socialism either. I would like it to be democratic, as it would honor each individual.


Socialism, as I understand it, lacking authority, (ala libertarian socialism) means that you extend democracy to the economic realm as well as the political realm. Each person has a say in how things develop, which is what many pro-capitalist individuals claim the "free market" encourage. 

But it is really freeing when you are born into a world where all of the means of production are largely accumulated by a small percentage of people, which sort of puts you at a submissive role to those who can dominate by deciding whom they will share their economic resources with? Are those who sell their time and labor for an exchange not at their whim on certain levels? Is that not a form of dominance from an 'authority,' albeit a private one?

That is my struggle with anarcho-capitalism, it doesn't account for the oppressive potential of those who have a monopoly on the means of production and access to economic power.

**edit:** **(1)** I am just trying to understand. Please inform. **(2)** There is no need to downvote just because this doesn't match your worldview. I am open to discussing how I view it, and want to learn how you all differ and why. Perhaps we will both come out with more knowledge...
I voted.
I'd say increased empathy comes from increased access to previously unavailable or censored perspectives. You see more support for LGBT peoples coming after movements from Harvey Milk to the Stonewall Riots to be more "out and proud," aka own their identity and let people realize that these are **people all around them: fathers, mothers, brothers, sisters, aunts, uncles, nieces, nephews, and so forth. Not just an idea to criticize or support. People.**

The same can be said for other, non-mainstream / societal norms. I think increased access to foreign perspectives & identities (subjective to each culture for the individual) via the Internet, increased media attention (TV shows, Netflix, Amazon Prime Video, etc), and so forth has sped this process up and reached more people.
I know this is good intentioned, but I know multiple people (one of them a current housemate) that has abused this, and in the process, likely not intentionally, abuses their pet.

There is a difference between an emotional support animal and a trained, paired, and skilled aid pet. The former has no process or preparation to ensure the owner and pet are both trained and paired appropriately for **both their safety & well-being** and the latter does.

Yes! Embrace what you are. Agreed -- people love it and it feels great to be seen for that positively 
Agreed. Save yourself.
How does this compare to Google Fi and Republic Wireless's approach via WiFi and local networks. Fi uses Sprint and T-Mobile when off WiFi and Republic Wireless uses Sprint.

I guess not 4G, but WiFi works like normal with my US number in other countries all over. Google Fi even offers free international texting.

Regardless, glad to see T-Mobile adding this competition to the other carriers!
I second PrEP. Truvada can be obtained with assistance as well. Google "Gilead Co-Pay." Haven't paid a dime so far.

Takes ~7 days of taking it according to an iPrex study to reach the 99% effectiveness level. This extra layer of security should make an poz partner who is taking their meds greatly safe! Continue to take it for ~30 days after last potential exposure to be safest. 

I read an article once that said those who are poz and show no levels anymore are safer than those who don't know or don't always get tested, etc. 
The mechanical elephant in the room is that technology, irregardless of globalization, is going to be the new "cheap labor." All labor / non-capital owning individuals are going to be hurting more and more, and exponentially so in the next 10+ years.

Transportation will likely be cut deeply in the next 10 for sure. I don't see the trend being replaced, but hope so. So this statement does not conform to the reality of things to come to me.

We can't keep fixing new problems with old slogans: "Work hard, achieve the American Dream."
Oh, I don't take personality typing as dogma. However I do enjoy the *generally* relatable atmosphere being in a subreddit of similar personality typed individuals creates. This was just one case of me going, "Wow! I feel like we are all very similar in our approaches and passions in this area of "spiritual" or "deep meaning," whether it is Abrahamic to Zoroastrianism.
That search for "something more" has shaped me greatly, and will likely continue to. It is not **comforting**, but it is good for growth & depth of development, continually.

I look at it as a blessing. 
Obviously this is not a factual statement. I am simply observing based upon the way this post was received and the content of the replies in this personality type's subreddit.
Re-read your post. See the passion and the vigor in its content?

That was my point. We have different philosophical backgrounds that we work within, but whatever it is, we all (generally) seem to be very passionate and involved in that niche. 

That was my entire point, semantics or misuse of words aside. :)
Sounds like they are true advocates. I'd like to see more of that.
Sounds like all INFPs thrive in the passions of the metaphysical, regardless of particular manifestation.
Yep. Ready to go. ;)

Thanks.
They are definitely filling in the gaps, and arguably with some of my personal favorite shows in a long time.

House of Cards, Sense8, Orange is the New Black, etc.
I would be interested to see data that shows that this is being re-distributed in a way that makes the economy equitable to a degree that equalizes the enormous deficit in growth in real, after-tax income by the top % and everyone else, from the median to the lowest percentiles.

Having over ~250% growths compared to ~50% is pretty extreme, in my view. So the above would be interesting to see. 

Looking around, regardless of data, I am not convinced that I (pretty well-off myself; but an average or slightly-less-than-average example) or anyone below or even moderately above me in an economic sense can do much on our own as many of the top 20% or less can do on an individual or small collective level.

The political access and influence of those with such great wealth and thus more effective social network accesses greatly outnumbers the 'common man' due to the economic inequity, at least in a large part. This, in my view, is inconsistent with a proper functioning of democracy as it is defined by a representative democracy, or [republic](http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/republic). Key in definition is: "a state in which the **supreme power rests in the body of citizens** entitled to vote and is exercised by representatives chosen directly or indirectly by them."

I think there is sufficient inequity in the influence inequitable wealth distribution (in such extreme forms as we have now) is enough to argue that the republic, or representative democracy is not being effective in an equitable sense to the 'body of citizens.' It doesn't say those with the most influence due to their stark socioeconomic advantage.

Without arguing against capitalism, I will say that the least we can do is to focus on the issues that such inequities that have developed through our form of capitalism have posed for us, sharing a republic political system.
Oh, I agree. I am not focusing on that in this current CMV, just basic economic inequity. There are certainly many other areas of our system that inhibit democracy from functioning as it is defined and agreed upon by many that are beyond the scope of this current discussion.
>I invite you to Change My View, but please do so without lecturing on the meaning of "liberal" and "classical liberal". I am using an modern American context, meaning progressives and liberals on the left, and conservatives on the right. Thank you.

If you are going to rule out the history of how the modern American context of 'libertarian' came to be, then I would at least ask that you clarify that you are unwilling to talk about libertarianism as a whole, and that you are specifically referencing **right-libertarianism**, and no other variation (such as left-libertarianism).

The distinguishing factor being that the right views the way towards empowering the individual is through economic privatization and the left libertarian views private authority (owners vs. laborers; etc) as another affront to general individual liberty as well.

But I largely agree, **right-libertarianism** is conservative in that it supports capitalism. Just don't mistake right libertarianism as speaking for all branches of libertarian thought.
I would largely agree with you here. I say democracy, at least in the U.S. sense, as a tribute to the Republic that we are -- or representative *democracy*.

Even in a Republic, we have even **less** of healthy say in things as individuals if there are vast economic inequities, thus my view that economic inequities are incompatible to a healthy democracy, even if representative. Your point on oligarchy & 'corptocracy' is largely a result of this inequity as I understand it, so we are in agreement here.
> That chart,I believe, counts wages, not income, and definitely not consumption. 

The chart explicitly is labeled "Growth in **Real After-Tax Income** from 1979 to 2007"

If we can't trust this chart, then any other chart from the CBO used to CMV is also untrustworthy.
I am still ignorant of how this is not relevant. I apologize.

Even if that elite minority in the 1 percentile group with ~275% after-tax real income does not consume, it is still a huge inequity in potential bargaining power and ability to influence through the use of their economic resources that is drastically more than not only the median percentile at <50%, but all around.

How is this not relevant to my view?
I am not sure if this is 'objective' or 'scientific,' but I'd say having the top 1 percentile gaining ~275% and the middle percentile gaining <50% in real, after-tax income.

I'd call that extreme. I can't objectify it, but I don't think this is too hard to agree upon, unless we have drastically different standards of definition.
I'll have to look through it. In the mean time, [this](http://graphics8.nytimes.com/images/2012/04/23/opinion/23edsall-chart/23edsall-chart-blog480.jpg) is also from the CBO.

I still think that such inequity of income (read: power) gains is harmful to having a democracy that gives each individual a fairly equitable contribution in the political arena. I don't think it will ever be fully equal, but the extreme inequities in the economic realm definitely lead to much more extreme inequities in the political sense, democratically speaking.
> Beyond a certain point though extra wealth does little to make someone a better voter, it doesn't matter if someone is sat in a small room to study for hours or in a palace with servants to tend their every needs it doesn't increase their knowledge and skills as much. If anything extra wealth might make them more complacent.

I am speaking to much more beyond just 'the vote.' I think most of the process of influencing politics is anything but the 'vote.'

Lobbying, fundraising, donations, mutual business interests, robust and powerful social networks, et al. This is what runs our society, not a vote that is then sent to the electoral college. Before anyone has a 'choice' of who their representatives are, they need to be blasted with advertising and media coverage to even have the options stick out among the masses.

That takes a lot of money. I am going to find it hard, despite being ignorant in a lot of areas myself admittedly, anyone able to make the argument that people have an equal say in politics and our economic status and vitality has no major part in that.
> consumption is what matters, not income. If I make 3 dollars a year, but it's enough to live like a king, I'm better off than someone who makes 300k but lives less well. Income data is messy and ugly, and subject to very arbitrary changes. for example, as much as 1/3 of the increase in US inequality in the last couple decades is a result of the shift from C to S corporations. An S corp's income counts as personal income for the owner, a C corp's doesn't. the shift from C to S has raised the apparent incomes of millions of small business owners, but not their actual income. Consumption data is much harder, more reliable, and closer to what we're actually trying to measure, standard of living.

I am no expert in this, so I will leave it at that. I appreciate this perspective. Even if it was a more robust form of data, I am not convinced it can speak to my argument.

Consumption may be higher, it doesn't account for the possible inequity of those who may be able to be doing the consumption.

> there are, but on the net, taxes haven't gone down and they have gotten more progressive, not less. in 1979, the richest 20% made 45% of income and paid 55% of taxes. today the figures are 52 and 70%, a dramatic increase. and yes, that includes capital gains. no, it is not just income taxes (the rich pay 93 percent of those), it's all taxes, and yes, that accounts for the rising share of income the rich have. don't make those arguments. the US tax code is a monstrosity, but it is not evidence that the rich are winning.

I'd love if you could provide some sources for me to read more on this, this is interesting.

You can have 'democracy,' but the fact is that those with more money in capitalist societies will have more power to influence, including in the political (and thus social/policy/law) arena. I don't find that too healthy.

Perhaps I am not as precise with my terminology here. My main point still stands, I think. In our current society, we operate on money. More money = more access to goods, services, et al.

To say that politics is not influenced heavily by those with enough wealth to utilize that to lobby, fund campaigns, and so forth is dishonest I think. 

My argument is that people have different levels of power within a society that bases such things on wealth in general. You can't tell me the CEO and the homeless man have equal say in elections, at all. We could say they both may be able to vote, but politics is anything other than that, in my view. If you have the money, you have a lot more sway in general -- whether we are talking politics or socially in general.

I do agree with individualism. I think individuals should be empowered. I am not sold on capitalism as some ethical foundation, however. It would be great if the system worked itself out, but many people are simply born into different socioeconomic standings, and contrary to the "American Dream," it is not as mobile as we'd think. Many people work very, very hard and receive much, much less in return for it.

I don't think that is very empowering for individuals. But I have toyed with libertarianism, but I tend to lean more left than right as a way to empower the individual. Socialism does not need to have a 'central planner.' In fact, that is not 'true' socialism just as what we have now is now 'true' capitalism.

**edit #1:** I found [this](http://journals.cambridge.org/action/displayAbstract?fromPage=online&aid=9354310) journal from the American Political Science Association to have an interesting conclusion in their Abstract:
> Multivariate analysis indicates that economic elites and organized groups representing business interests have substantial independent impacts on U.S. government policy, while average citizens and mass-based interest groups have little or no independent influence. The results provide substantial support for theories of Economic-Elite Domination and for theories of Biased Pluralism, but not for theories of Majoritarian Electoral Democracy or Majoritarian Pluralism.
> comparing such data across countries with vastly different ethnic make ups, cultures, and statistical systems is a recipe for meaningless results. 

How so? If you reference the link that I included after that statement, it has studies done on an international and national (United States) level, both showing general correlations between low equality and higher risk of mortality.

Given your reasoning to discard it on a comparative level internationally, it still does not stand to address the 2-3 separate studies intra-nationally that showed the same consistent correlation.

> complete nonsense that uses raw wage data and takes it completely out of context. by every objective measure, standard of living is improving at all levels of american society. 

A graph using **consumption** data is not really fair in the argument, in my opinion. The reason being that consumption shows the rate of spending, but it doesn't discriminate who spends it. **An increase in consumption over time doesn't negate possible unequal increases in disposable incomes or negate that there are unequal ( [in this case](http://graphics8.nytimes.com/images/2012/04/23/opinion/23edsall-chart/23edsall-chart-blog480.jpg) , particularly vast differences) increases in real after-tax incomes to an elect few in the 'top 1%.'**

[edit: [Original article](http://campaignstops.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/04/22/the-fight-over-inequality/?hp&_r=0) that included the graph (linked) above -- data from Congressional Budget Office.]


>social spending and social programs have done almost nothing but expand in recent decades.

No disagreement here. My point was to address that there has been an increase in policies such as tax breaks and other economic breaks that have favored those who already possess a good amount of wealth. The social welfare programs in place are very selective and the access to them means you are already in poverty or in a pretty bad spot. It leaves a lot of people just short of poverty or 'under water' without any assistance, without any tax breaks or incentives (that many of the wealthier individuals benefit from).

The main focus of this CMV is that one cannot have a healthy democracy, with each having an equal influence in a political sense, when there are such vast inequalities in an economic sense, which is a major source of influence and power within a capitalist society. I am arguing that this creates an unhealthy tension between the political system of democracy and the economic system of capitalism.

Thanks for responding!
I wanted to share this as I am playing around with the idea of the source of the issue, of which I think a Basic Income would help solve, in part or whole.

For some reason I already received downvotes, but I hope this will gain some traction. I'd like to see how robust my understanding is of the issue that leads to the argument for a Basic Income.

I share this here because I feel you all may be interested in this as well.


It is scary how few people are aware of it. By all means do your own research and decide if you want to utilize this tool, but everyone should know there is an option.

I am glad I posted this now. Thanks for the feedback that many of you have never heard of it.

It's expensive, but many can get it FREE:

http://www.gileadcopay.com/

I haven't paid a dime.
Electoral college. :P
Is this available yet? :)
I suggest doing some research on your own prior to the conversation. They are professionals, but they may be limited as well. Can never hurt to do some personal research.
Thanks for the insightful reply!
This will likely be a learning experience for most United States citizens as well, ironically.
Thank you as well, I enjoyed our conversation! :)
Interesting! Thanks for sharing.

Linguistics and words aside, the act of threat and violence to accomplish a task should be equally questioned for justification; whether it comes from a 'formal state' or 'sub-national entity.'

The article seems to be overly critical of the latter and forgets to question the arguably gross evidences of unjustified (arguably) abuse of state-originating violence and threat of violence to get its way around the world. (Which, if I may add, is a large 'rationale' behind many subnational 'terrorist' organizations).

Not justifying any violence from any group, state or non-state. But it is hypocritical and dishonest to neglect addressing both.
Well then, I guess I do support AND utilize it. Thanks. That said, I feel others a bit hostile. Ignorance is not bad if there is willingness to learn. Please be patient. LOL.
I would say, fundamentally, I agree and do love the idea of it (open-source) more. I can't say that I utilize it as an end-user with no coding or programming background (which, for some reason, I picture as a Linux demographic -- and I fully realize this may be incorrect?).
Ouch, fair point. The comment was not to be taken too serious, on any account. But thanks for calling me out with relevant facts. If it makes any difference, I agree with the above.
This makes me love Apple a bit more. :)
I think it is better to have a solid community, rather than splintering. Good points were brought up -- the Timeline OS will be coming soon for the OG & Steel.

On that note: I wonder if we could have the image at the top of the subreddit include the OG & Steel as well. Perhaps create a sort of lineage from left to right, sort of like 'evolutionary' graphs.

Just my .02 cents.
Regardless of how open you are about this relationship (formal or not), be OPEN WITH ONE ANOTHER. This includes being honest about sexual activity, frequency of partners, getting tested often (HIV, STIs, etc) every 3 months at minimum. Also, consider utilizing Truvada as PrEP (Google it if you don't know), or at the very least becoming educated about it as a possible option to be safe. 

Open, honest, safe communication and sexual practice.

Be safe, have fun, don't think too much -- ENJOY each other. :)
This. Is. Amazing. So happy for your HEALTH! :)
I just invested in a Skinomi skin (sp?) and the SHANK silicone band on Amazon with one-day shipping -- $38 extra. 

All free returns, at least up to 15 days. Not bad.

Enjoy!
I am in the same boat. I justified it with the price point, considering that the Pebble Time STEEL (not really into plastic) is over $200 more for color screen, voice/mic responsiveness, and access to 'smart bands.'

These are all awesome selling points, but with this I can enjoy the cheaper technology (but not that much behind; $75!) at best and at worst I can test it out for 5-10 days and realize that a smart watch may not be for me, in general -- and save on the PT / PT-Steel altogether.

Caution: I am a self-justifying recent consumer of this sale. Grain of salt. :)