Can confirm, made a bad decision getting gummy worms in my frozen yogurt. 
So what happened? Did she get a replacement pizza? 
(Deeper voice) Errybody in da bus gettin’ dead 
Der takin’ errr jerbss 
Technically, she’s still legal. She touched the ornament not the tree. :)
Looks great, but something on the bottom of the C in Barack looks missing to me. 
I was wondering the same thing. Seems like every day. Someone somewhere is making bank advertising. 
/r/sweatypalms
I used to do that with my Glorious PC Master Race mouse pad. Then I got this Corsair one: 

https://www.amazon.com/CORSAIR-MM300-Anti-Fray-High-Performance-Optimized/dp/B01798VS4C/

It doesn't show all of the dust and stuff on there because of the way it's colored. I still clean it, but it's way less annoying.
My Spacebook
I said the same thing when I was 31, now I’m sitting here wondering when I hit 35. It goes quick especially after 32-33. 
Polar Pop checks out.
Can't tell if serious or thought this was /r/consolemasterrace/ by accident.
Cancer confirmed.
Yes, please, please it again. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I rapped that in my head, sounds good. 
mah pussy and mah crack...
Is that a Honda HR-V?
BMW is trying to charge for Apple CarPlay. They don’t even maintain it. 

http://www.nydailynews.com/amp/autos/news/bmw-apple-carplay-smartphone-technology-subscription-service-article-1.3764347
This should be labeled NSFL. 
It’s free to play if you can farm ~160k gold per month for wow tokens. :p
Well thanks for that MonkeeJoeDepression. 
Because it makes us go awwwwwwwwww
I "bought" WinRAR, kind of. I got it through TrialPay many years ago. Been using the registered version ever since.
Hey nice job on the X1X, but I’m curious what kind of desk you have; it looks great. 
I was forced to frequent LFR because of my work schedule. I have cutting edge SoO and completed most all other raids on heroic. Not all of us are “awful” some of us just have shit real life circumstances. ;(
I love my Xbox One X, but the thing irks me every time I look at it. Why is the bottom half of the console not centered with the top half like it is on the Xbox One S? Instead the bottom sits aligned to the right side of the top with an overhang on the left side when looking at it head on in the horizontal position. 

It drives me crazy, I realize it was probably done to accommodate the vertical stand, but perhaps they could have figured out a design that looked good horizontally and worked with the stand. 
Found the guy with the Switch. 
I wish NVIDIA would release their next gen cards already. I’m waiting to upgrade and it feels like the 1000 series has been out for forever. 
I wonder the same about that Daily Show guy that replaced Jon Stewart. No idea where he came from. 
She cured her Hepatitis with that 1000 dollar a pill drug (might be cheaper now), Sovaldi. I believe the newest drug out there is Harvoni which is a combination drug. 

http://abcnews.go.com/Health/pamela-anderson-cured-hepatitis-wait-miracle-drug/story?id=36527272
Or waiting until you were driving past street lamps. ;)
20/20 would still eat.
Pittsburgh*
Cat Quest is a great game, they make it for Steam and iOS as well. Very short though if you're just going for the main story. 
I really want a Toyota, but no CarPlay or Android Auto is a deal breaker for me. So I’m going with Honda. My parents had nothing, but Toyota’s when I was growing up and they’re rock solid cars, just wish they would keep up with the technology inside. 
Soda
I personally prefer 75%, but they’re harder to find than 60% and tenkeyless. 
I have around 6000 hours logged in World of Warcraft. I haven't played it in a long time, but I still pay the subscription. ha
https://i.imgur.com/qn6VJgU.jpg
As long as it isn't blue LEDs, god I hated that era when everything came with blinding ugly blue LEDs.
They had the oppurtunity to put the expression Hook, Line, and Sinker, but instead they switched the words around and ruined it.

Definition:
hook, line, and sinker
phrase of hook
    1.used to emphasize that someone has been completely   deceived or tricked.
    "he fell hook, line, and sinker for this year's April Fool joke"
    synonyms:	completely, totally, utterly, entirely, wholly, absolutely, through and through, one hundred percent, 'lock, stock, and barrel'
    "they believed her phony alibi hook, line, and sinker"
Wow the meowing when it hits the ground. ;( Poor kitty. 
I was honestly waiting for a slot machine scrolling down.
Sound like a fun time, I'll be your "cousin".
Not when comshit or some other garbage company has a monopoly in your area. 
You put a cardboard tube inside your dick? I don’t think that’s how it works. 
I just checked it out, it looks cool, thanks!
Perfect title is perfect.
I cant hear it, but one time the fan got really loud like it was having a diarrhea storm of hot air, only lasted a few seconds. Hasn't happened since.
I would wait until the 23rd and get the S from xbox.com. It'll be 189.

https://news.xbox.com/2017/11/13/black-friday-deals-2017/

Walmart has this pretty nice bundle for 249 with 2 recently released games.

https://www.walmart.com/co/Xbox-One-S-Bundle-with-Two-Bonus-Games/47218616

My 1 x shows up tomorrow. Stupid Target. :)
F+
You must have really needed to take a dump bad. 
Who says plants don’t feel pain when you cut their limbs? Huhuhuh
Umm re-use one fork?
I hate it too. It’s so hard to find what you want to watch in your subscriptions because everything is a giant thumbnail. Good thing the Nvidia Shield’s Google Play Store has a revert to old version option and set it to never update. 
It doesn’t animate?
The hood. All the gang banging starts later at night. 
The bottle says it works on copper, tile, ceramic, porcelain, and stainless steel. 

It says do not use on gold, silver, polished stone, or surfaces that are lacquered, painted or mirrored. 

So it should work on copper. I can’t say how well it works on copper because I’ve never used it on copper, but I have used to it on stainless steel and ceramic and had equally great results with both. So I imagine it would be the same with copper. 
If you buy it from the Microsoft Store on Windows 10 it’s cross platform. So if you get an Xbox in the future you can play it on there too. That’s one of the reasons I passed on Steam this one time.
Indie Gala
Groupees
Flying Bundle
IndieGameStand
Lazy Guys Studio
Daily Indie Game
There’s always bundle stars and those
other sites. 
It’s a joke about how game companies have been putting in micro transactions into their AAA games to obtain “loot boxes”. Once you buy these loot boxes using real money you open them to get randomized in-game rewards. 

This joke is poking fun at how ridiculous loot boxes are. Basically that once you pay for a game you shouldn’t have to pay for loot boxes for a random chance to unlock part of the game that you have technically already paid for.  Imagine if your operating system did that. 
Probably just the fur covering up his age spots and wrinkled skin. :p
I get it from Target, it’s pretty inexpensive and you get free shipping if you have a red card or can do store pickup. 

You can also find it at WalMart etc. 

https://www.target.com/s?searchTerm=bar+keepers+friend
Bar Keepers Friend. It’s a polish, shit is magic. Try it on stainless steel pots and pans. You can buy it from Target/Walmart etc. 

I recommend the soft cleanser that’s premixed in water instead of the powder, it’s a lot easier to use. 
Yah for sure. At least that’s how we do it. I look at soap like toothbrushes. You wouldn’t want to share your toothbrush with your family (or maybe you would? I’m not here to judge). 

We keep the soap in those little plastic travel soap containers in different colors, so if multiple people share a shower they know which soap is theirs. The containers also keep the shower cleaner and keep the soap from running out from continuously getting wet. 

Whatever works for you though. :)
This is the exact reason I don’t use body wash. Always leaves me feeling slimy. 
Maybe don’t share your soap?
I dunno man. I used to leave that off. That’s too much speed for me. 
Ah yes the ol’ Packard Bell. What a fine machine that was. 
I didn’t even know what Nickelodeon was growing up. My parents didn’t allow cable television in the house until I was a junior in high school. :o

I remember kids talking about Ren and Stimpy and Beavis and Butthead and not knowing what they were talking about. 

I remember one time I had a Biology extra credit assignment. The teacher wanted us to watch some special on the Discovery Channel that was airing that night and write a small paper on it. I had to tell her I couldn’t do it because we didn’t have cable so she gave me an alternate assignment.
I bought a One X pretty much just for this game. I have a PS4 too that I never play. Wish it was coming out for PC. 
Found the morning person. 
In Brazil you press the buttons on the sides and a knife comes out. 
He could have yelled “Run!” in the microphone real quick or something. 
I honestly haven’t. I know Microsoft had some music application from what I saw on Windows 10, but never really paid any attention to what it was called lol. I just install Spotify and never really look anywhere else. 
I am genuinely happy for you. 
Yep
The notch that houses the front camera and depth sensor stuff on the iPhone X looks like his hairline. 
Damn it I’m only a couple of years away from not looking 27 anymore. ;(
I really like your flooring. 
A lot of students re-write their notes after class.
Then he brings his Ferrari out...
Just setup 2 trash cans on a non-busy street and just keep trying to parallel park in between them until you get it and then do it some more. I’m sure after doing it 100 times you should be able to parallel park easily, if not, then please stay off the road for the safety of others. :) 
I miss the dock from iOS 6. ;(
And the username fits. 
Considering the person in front of them has their brake lights on I'm gonna say yes and it may have been a passenger that took the photo. Who knows I'm just speculating. 
They skipped 9 because 7 8 9. 

(or it might be because it's the 10th anniversary of the iPhone :))
I have a laptop and a gaming PC and I use my phone more than both of them. That's how I justify my decision to spend that much on a phone. 
After praying the last section won't be on the test. 
I do, but I also sometimes feel ridiculous when the upgrade isn't that great. However, I can't stop. 
Kill it. Kill it with your nails. Omg triggered. 
Yes 95% reports and 5% reposts. 
/r/trypophobia
I don't think I know anyone that I ALWAYS want to talk to. Most of the time, occasionally, sometimes yes those people are on my list. The appear offline feature is for those times that you don't want to talk to/play with those people 
Too late I sheeped. 
That's what they all say.... :) I'm just messing. 
Thanks for the laugh, had me in tears. 
Gotta have that landline phone. 
You sound like a serial killer with a lot of experimentation under your belt. 
Just tried it and it's a perfect fit lol. 

For anyone that has Spotify. 

https://open.spotify.com/track/55OkffR8hBBf3QnqJAU2gY?si=yxTgVF12
You're not missing anything having not played the first game. Give it a shot, it's fun. 
Burger King released a Bacon Sundae on their menu a while ago. It was interesting to say the least. 

http://www.theimpulsivebuy.com/wordpress/2012/06/15/review-burger-king-bacon-sundae/
They forgot "unlocked framerate". ;(
I have one of these. It works fairly well until you lift the cup to drink out of it and the stuff that's in the built in coaster pours out lol. 
Probably didn't want to eat that many calories or weren't that hungry? 
Cool I'm 34 and my dad is 75. I guess my parents just didn't care about video games enough to even try to learn how to play them. 
Man my parents couldn't even play NES lol. I guess my parents are a lot older than yours. My mother was 36 when she had me. 
Old games you just had to get from the left of the screen to the right for the most part. These new games are really involved, try teaching your parents how to play World of Warcraft. 
I'd pay to watch that porno. 
That all of the materials that weren't used to make the feet larger were used on the dick instead?
Who takes engineering courses in high school?
Probably because it's staged. 
Yeah seriously I thought I was in /r/gifsthatendtoosoon and this was a huge joke. 
I don't even know why I like watching the hydraulic press channel. I always feel slightly retarded for enjoying a video when I'm done watching it. 
I wish I had A friend. 
Well the industry needs to cut the BS and start calling it an ice cream sandwich top. 
It's ok we have Harvoni. Carry on. 
I sometimes buy furniture off of Craigslist and I refuse to buy fabric anything. At least you can somewhat sanitize leather/faux leather lol. 
So does your comment. 
SuperHot for 8 bucks? :o Might have to go down to Walmart. 
I never understood why in long term marriages the man gets a vasectomy. I mean the woman is going to eventually go through menopause and fry her eggs anyway so doesn't it make more sense for her to get her tubes tied? Men can make babies no matter how old they are as long as their equipment works so it's more of a "death" sentence for them than it is for the woman. 
What the fuck is wrong in the brains of people who think that committing violent crimes is appropriate??
The bear just wanted some Honey. 
Engineering Physics
Pretty bad. Fiat scores lower than pretty much all manufacturers in reliability ratings I've seen around the internet. 

Last I heard they were pulling out of the US market altogether. 
I wasn't sure either until I tried my nephews. Now I want one of my own. They're fun to spin. 
I'm confused what is happening in this pic?
/r/trypophobia
Baby Ruth kinda guy here. 
Lol me too. Dat thumb. 
Thanks Reddit! <3
/r/watchpeopledie 
Not everyone works 9-5. Your "reasonable hour" might not be the same as someone else's. 
You can use a fork too. Just stab it into the icing/cream part. 
I like to eat Oreos like they're cereal. Just throw some in a bowl with milk and eat them like a savage. 
It's Pat!

http://i.imgur.com/5Kl1tdI.jpg
It would limit what kind cases you could use though. Ugh. 
They spelled weird wrong on the bracket keys. 
I haven't even read about any of my friends lives on there. It's just a bunch of random YouTube like videos. Lol. 
Yeah football field. It never said it was American football. 
Maybe someday they'll let us buy AP with order resources then the circle will be complete. 
Battle.net is owned by Blizzard and they only sell their own games on it. Destiny 2 is the first non-Blizzard game to ever launch on it. Blizzard is owned by Activision so I think they figure keeping all the MMO type games together would be a good thing. 

I use Battle.net more than Steam honestly, but I also play a lot of WoW and Diablo. I'm excited Destiny 2 will be on there because my friends on that client enjoy MMOs so it'll be easier to find like-minded people to play with. 
http://i.imgur.com/6mPUeLE.jpg
I use Antenna Reddit Client. 
Can't tell if you're being serious or sarcastic. Hmm
I like this guy and I don't know why. Would definitely hang out with him. 
This photo is so depressing. 
Also men's styles generally don't change that often. So you can "invest" in nice clothing and wear it for years if it holds up. Whereas women's styles have a tendency to change. 
Pretty steep can also lose your license for a little bit depending on state laws. 

It could also go under careless driving which isn't as bad if the cop is nice. 
These are nice if you have to put your computer on carpet or something as it elevates it slightly and allows your PSU to breathe. 
I went to Penn State, back when I was there it was around 500 dollars a credit. I don't remember exactly as I graduated many years ago. However a 4 credit class could run you about 2000 dollars easy. I imagine it costs even more now. 
I tried, but I have Flo Rida - Cake stuck in my head so bad it pretty much ruined it for me. 
How does she work 3 jobs and still have time to hold that sign up? 
They didn't use gloves back in the day when I worked there, around 1999. 
Zelda 
Name checks out. 
That only works if it's Jesus
Not console, but Steam on PC lets you get a refund on games. 
Nah if it were Slickdeals it would be no hdmi kills this joke. 
/r/deadbedrooms
Holy shit I never thought to look up there, makes that phase so easy.

Also, if you've got the fuck its and just want that phase to end you can turtle and get close to him and throw your flare out.
As long it's not hatched I'm good. 
Does it bother anyone else that it says "shake well" when it's clearly being stirred?
D
Please make a gif of this being wiped clean and post it in /r/oddlysatisfying. :)
Then you can turn something gross into something yummy. Weee
Yah I like the Roccat Nyth. I own all of the major manufacturer's MMO mice. I'd give second place to the Logitech G600, but I think the button feel is better on the Nyth. I don't really like the Naga's side buttons at all, they're too clicky. Depends on what you like though. Go feel 'em up. 
/r/confusedboner 
You can buy physical copies at other stores other than GameStop, you know. 
I think the real question is you make the outline with the tool, then what? What do you do with it?
I really want the red iPhone 7 Plus, but I already have a jet black. Guess next time. ;(
Thanks for doing this!
Don't you mean "Shielas"
Yawning?
This one took me a minute because I think I'm almost as old as the people featured. Didn't realize it was talking about parents right away. :O
Lies: YOᑌ ᑕᗩᑎ'T ᑕOᑭY AND ᑭᗩᔕTᕮ TᕼIᔕ ᗷᕮᑕᗩᑌᔕᕮ Oᖴ Tᕼᕮ ᑌᑎIᑫᑌᕮ ᖴOᑎT
75% is my favorite. Wish there more out there. 
Top 20 guilds don't need to try. :)
That's good to hear. My cards are getting kinda old and I was getting kind of paranoid thinking they were going to blow up on me. :)
What brand cards do you guys have that keep dying? I've always used EVGA and haven't had an issue, wondering if I'm just lucky or if this is an inherent issue. 
The other guy still looks cooler. 
Just because you're trash doesn't mean you can't do great things. It's called garbage can, not garbage cannot. 
You should try this email app on iOS. It's so nice. 

Email - Fast & Secure mail for Gmail iCloud Yahoo by Easilydo Inc.
https://appsto.re/us/wAla3.i
Actually it's a meme made out of an SNL joke. 
Dat fish dinner with a side of cheese curds tho
I don't use a case either. I do use a back wrap shield thing to keep the jet black scratch free, but that's it. I drop mine all the time too, within reason, and no issues. *knock on wood*
PS4 has this: https://www.amazon.com/Keyboard-Mouse-Adapter-Xbox-playstation-4/dp/B00MG654FM 

Good luck fighting a keyboard and mouse user on PS4 using your controller. If you're talking about cheating, there's actually less cheating going on in multiplayer games on PC than you think. 
Because you fix it once and all of a sudden you're also the 24/7 tech support hotline. 
All he had to do was hold the stick at the end instead of at the middle. 
lol I still have my delta fan. It sounded like a vacuum cleaner. 
I agree with DanTeeBee there is no way for a damage meter to differentiate packs that are chain pulled unless you reset the meter manually. I always reset the meter manually before every fight. You can set Details keybindings in the Keybindings options menu, I use CTRL+SHIFT+A to clear it.
Lol my exact thoughts as soon as I saw this. 
Cool hopefully soon. :)
Where do you buy it? It looks great. 
Well the OP in the picture found salacious websites in her husbands history and I guess her husband told her that they showed up in error so she came online to find out if that could happen. The bro that replied is covering for her husband and saying that yeah it is most definitely possible, so he's the MVP. 
Your generator in a way is the 4 stacks you gain by using raptor strike, it buffs all of your abilities. You would still need to use Flanking Strike in order to build up the 6 stacks of Moongoose Fury which are very important to do max dps as flanking strike gives you a chance at a mongoose bite proc. If you want to reach your peak you need to make sure your 4 stack raptor strike buff is ticking which only lasts 10 seconds before dropping all stacks while making sure you have 6 stacks of mongoose fury up before you hit your artifact ability. As you're fighting those timers and procs you still have to juggle, crows, lacerate, explosive trap, and caltrops. There are definitely periods of down time in the rotation when you're waiting for focus to build up so you can hit flanking strike or hit a raptor strike so you can keep your 4 stacks of mok going. I actually think SV spec is more starved of having enough GCDs than focus to be honest though lol.
Raptor strike isn't low on the priority list since 7.1.5 came out. Way of the MoK is pretty much the only viable build now for SV and there are so many buttons to press while still trying to keep your 4 stack MoK buff up and trying to get your burst off while everything is rolling. It's an insane spec to play. What you said was true pre-patch when the throwing axes build was still viable. They've buffed raptor strike enough to make it the only build worth using which sucks to be honest, because we have no ranged abilities. Throwing axes was nice to have. 
Retarded easy? May I introduce you to survival hunter?
It's those annoying settings that you have to set manually by going through every single graphics setting because some options only go to high, but your perseverance will be rewarded. 
I have 6 entire king size comforter sets. Those sales at Macy's are too good to pass up. I get a 7 piece comforter set for around 40 dollars sometimes cheaper when they do their close outs. 
That's the while point of the post. The top pic is what was shown at E3 and the release looks a lot better. Normally game companies just rush the product out and you'll get something that is similar to what they showed in a demo at some convention. So he was pointing out a rare occurrence.
Doom
Much more enjoyable to watch the actual video than the link OP provided.
Like oh em gee. 
Damn I want a fox as a friend. 
I think they want you to keep replaying the levels to collect all of the colored coins. You collect 5 pink ones and then replay to collect the purple ones in more difficult locations etc. I agree though the price is kind of steep for what you get, but they're probably just riding on their name. 
Yay you're awesome. I just want a year of ps plus. Thanks!
Was waiting for this comment lol. 
Gawd those missions with that dump truck were always the hardest. 
He got accepted to his dream college or something.
He's probably talking about the official reddit app, but I personally prefer Antenna.

https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/antenna-client-for-reddit/id572391252?mt=8
I prefer raising roofs. 
You look like Luke Pasqualino. 
Probably the same reason the phone starts playing the Music app as soon as you connect it via USB to a speaker. I want Spotify!
I've never had that much cheese on a chain store pizza. 
Cliffs notes, I never read a single novel throughout high school English because of them. I also used to use a site called spark notes. Not sure if the latter is still alive. 
That's actually the first time in my life I've seen something like that and I've been using computers since around 1991. 10/10 I would have used one. :)
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=wWb0_WW15is
These are nice wallpapers. I really want to use them on my PC. Anyway to get versions of these without the rectangles on the top? Thank you.
I also don't understand why some options go up to High and others to Ultra. So you have to go through each option to make sure it's set to its max. :/
Feeding her kids to a car...lol Thanks for the laugh, I needed that. 
Was probably a cat in a previous life. 
Locks only keep innocent people out. 
Subaru Baja 
I don't know why, but your face kind of reminds me of the the actor Christopher Abbot from Girls. Perhaps try grooming in a similar style to him would help? The bangs definitely have to go. 
And pretty much any car with a turbo
Mine used to be tethered, but the tether broke. ;(
5 seconds to do a rubbing of the holes and the screws were perfect...( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Lok'tar Ogar
Rest In peace in peace
Yeah but have you seen the things that can go wrong when operating a forklift?

https://youtu.be/do7lYmr2fPs
Well in OP's defense they did run an advertisement campaign a while ago where they dropped the pizza from their name because they said they're more than just pizza. Looks like they suck at everything though.  
Well in OP's defense they did run an advertisement campaign a while ago where they dropped the pizza from their name because they said they're more than just pizza. Looks like they suck at everything though.  
100% would eat. 
No, because I have no plans of buying Switch. :) I'm not really a fan of Rocket League anyway. 
I am of the exact same belief. 
I've been with my GF for 10 years now unmarried and we have one child together and I get this shit ALL the time. 
Yep same here. I want to play my prot warrior and fire mage so bad, but I feel like my main would get behind. ;(
He's a Tauren standing next to my mission board in my order hall. I'm a hunter. 
Strippers and prostitutes. 
My computer was a pos back when the wow beta came out. I signed up and kept dying to some wolves and stopped playing the game. My frame rate was terrible. I didn't try the game again until MoP came out and now I love it. Blizzard found my old beta account and merged it to my current account. :)
I agree. I actually enjoy the artifact system. It gives me something to work towards when I'm not raiding. I feel like my character gets stronger even if I didn't get any good raid drops that week. I just wish the system was more alt friendly. 
I hated the garrison mission table, but loved it for mats and stuff. Regardless, WoD caused me to take a 1.5 year hiatus from this game. I'm enjoying Legion a lot more. 
I actually don't mind world quests I just hate traveling to them. I wish we could click the icon on the map and be insta-teleported to them haha. 
I always run my mythic+0 groups without an ilvl requirement and accept people that are lower. Mythic+2 and higher I normally want minimum 840. 
He's supposed to be Jared Fogle. Jared was a Subway spokesperson for many years and got arrested for having sex with minors and possessing child porn and is now in prison. So this costume is supposed to be him hanging out with a child. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jared_Fogle


/r/dadjokes
https://youtu.be/-hCa_12_oKM
My legs are starting to hurt watching that person go up and down like that over and over. Gawd I'm fat. 
That's why you put dead tree branch statues in your cupboard. No one wants that. 
I don't see why not. They already have auto-deny for survival hunters. :p
Yeah but who made it on Reddit with almost 6000 upvotes? Yep the guy riding his bike up the stairs. 
I want to touch it and press its buttons and I may or may not have my pants on during the process. 
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Considering hardly anyone is playing SV hunter, can't really consider the logs accurate.
Either that or it was actually McDonalds. He may have ordered it during lunch and they didn't have anymore of the chicken patties that they use to make the chicken biscuit, but they had crispy chicken patties. So instead of making him wait for the proper chicken patty to cook they stuck in a crispy chicken sandwich patty and hoped he wouldn't complain. 
 I'll admit I was killing them for a little bit, but I had no idea how to do the quest. Then I looked it up on wowhead and had it done in about a minute. :)
According to the net worth websites he's worth 10 million. 
Don't play on PVP servers then?
All of them, but WoD and below can be bought fairly cheap for around 20 dollars or cheaper if you look around. I heard that if you open a free starter account, that they offer you the expansions for 50% off or something.
That's what I used to do. :)
Yah good luck passing organic chem without notes. 
I actually like Ikea furniture, because it usually starts falling apart right around the time you get sick of looking at it. So then you can go buy new stuff and not feel so bad about it.
I was using 2 of those giant boxes that memory foam mattresses come rolled up in as a TV stand in my bedroom for a while. I finally got a proper TV stand about a month ago after moving in 1.5 years ago. 
Normally when the guy with the bat hits the ball it's supposed to fly further and give him time to run around the bases and eventually end up where he started which is a home run (goal/point/score). If the ball gets caught after it leaves his bat, he doesn't get to run around the bases and is immeditely out. 

Well the guy who threw the ball at the guy with the bat (pitcher) caught the ball straight from his bat and caused him to become out and then threw the ball to his teammate at the base (the things on the ground they run around) it made the player from the other team, that was in the process of running around the bases become out as well. So he took out 2 players from the opposing team with one move, which is difficult/impressive.

This is the best explanation I can give as I don't watch or have any interest in baseball, but it should be accurate :).

Micheal Phelps doesn't do well on land. He has a hard time breathing. 
Do people actually pay full price for PS Plus? You can find many deals for it on places like Slickdeals.net. I've never once paid MSRP and have been a member since the PS4 released, just wait for the cards to go on sale and get it for 30-40 dollars. 
http://www.imgur.com/gallery/VwawtKY
No way! It had to be a different one! You joker you. 
I work 2 16s and an 8. :D
My first PC was a 286 IBM. First PC I ever built myself was an AMD Athlon 800 MHz, back when those CPUs in cartridge format were hot stuff. It was a real screamer haha. 
They're sometimes a better choice for children because they don't hold as much ice cream. 
Win+L is your friend.
So are the Horde Airlines!

http://i.imgur.com/1qtHWgL.jpg

:)
Daym Drops reviewed it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49Az62llXFg
I bought a blendtec and then I realized I never blend anything. It's been sitting on my kitchen counter for the past few months, only been used once. ;c
I just got rid of Chrome, used it for a solid 2 months and then all of a sudden it stopped remembering what tabs I had open. It would open up my old tabs from about 4 sessions ago. All of the mouse gesture extensions are horrible, they aren't allowed to work inside the options panel and other places. I was using speed dial 2 as my start page and mouse gestures wouldn't work there. I was using an external program (StrokeIt) to have my mouse gestures work the way I want. 

It's just an awkward to use browser. Firefox feels a lot more fluid and less buggy with the way I like to have my browser setup. I'm sure it's great for others, but just doesn't work for me. 
*But could he do it on a cold rainy night while having a stroke? FTFY
It would be a nice option to have lock screen rotation except for videos. I usually want everything on my phone locked to portrait except for videos.
Might be because Blizzard usually makes games that require 100s of hours of time and effort to acquire things and get anywhere in. So, perhaps he had years of invested time and money that he didn't want to lose.
Me too, but I don't have any friends. 
Not sure I want to know how you know this information. 
Do they make it for iPhone?
For me, it's the music, locales, cool boss fights, and tons upon tons of nostalgia. 
That's fine, but I don't understand why they need to lock the BIOS. They can sell me the laptop with that "exclusive deal" card in it, but why do they care what I put in it 2-3 years down the line?
I've had laptops where you can only install wifi cards that are white listed in the BIOS (an HP and a Lenovo). It was annoying because I was trying to upgrade the internal wifi card to something faster and the computer refused to boot. 
Pretty sure it's an UPLIFT Desk: http://www.upliftdesk.com/

I've been running SLI for a couple of years now and haven't had any major issues. Some (very few) games have flashing textures or what not, but they are usually fixed with patches. If not, then I just don't play that game, looking at you Dragon Age. 
They sometimes have things you can't buy/find easily anywhere else though. Such as Keycool keyboards with Cherry MX switches and custom key caps if you're into that sort of stuff. 
It's pretty crappy design, but there is a way around it. Just add '?mode=guest_open' at the end of the url and you can view a product without logging in. 

This only works if you have a direct link to a product afaik, it doesn't work to just browse the site or at least I haven't figured out how to do it. 
I use Calctape. I like it better than calcbot. In use it on my computer too. 
They charged me 9 dollars to ship a part that cost 12.99 and I'm in the US. It did show up in 2 days, but I would have been fine with slower shipping if it was cheaper. 
and put out shitty service after digesting it
I always salt before searing and I find that it turns out better than putting salt in the bag during sous vide.
That's not very nice. 
I use this one:

http://www.amazon.com/Cambro-12189CW135-Polycarbonate-Storage-Camwear/dp/B002NQB63E

with this lid:

http://www.amazon.com/Cambro-1218CCW135-Half-Size-Flat-Food/dp/B0001MRUZU

I used a dremel and cut an opening in the lid to fit my Vacmaster SV1. Longest cook I've done so far was 36 hours and it worked out great.
Anyone know what computer case that is? I want to put my PS4 in it. No seriously what case is that lol.
That's what I use as a side sleeper, best pillows ever. 
randompls
Mine failed as well. I still have the replacement they sent me sitting in the box. Spent a bit more and got a Vacmaster SV1 and haven't looked back. 
I pay a little over a $100 for 200 Mbps and no data cap. I'd pay an additional 100 for 2Gbps. I hate Comcast though.
I can see it being useful to pull up recipes or something. I'd buy one if was about 3500-4000 dollars cheaper. 
2k dollar fridge with a 3k dollar tablet built in. ;p
Allow us to swipe down on the Quick Reply notification and see the entire conversation. Just like Bite SMS used to. I guess it's not really an improvement to iMessages, but more to iOS/Messages app.

Also, give PC users access to iMessage. ;p
I laughed way too long at this comment. 
walking fast
I have those elastic laces on my work shoes. It saves me so much time in the morning. 

Otherwise, I tie my shoes with the method in the gif. I learned it from a website many years ago, he called it Ian's knot. I haven't tied shoes any other way since.  
Me too...me too. 
You can find pics of it over at /r/techsupportgore

Such as: https://www.reddit.com/r/techsupportgore/comments/2n7au5/i_forgot_my_cousin_used_to_smoke/
I'm not sure where he got them, but I believe they were offered on massdrop a few months back if I remember correctly. 

EDIT: Yep: https://www.massdrop.com/buy/holyoops-aluminum-keycaps?mode=guest_open
I felt the same way with GTA V. Driving without a controller felt weird, but the shootouts were so much better with mouse and keyboard.
This comment feels like it belongs in /r/ImGoingToHellForThis :)
Yep it's pretty much the only thing I use force touch for. It was the selling feature on the 6S for me. I always hated double pressing the home button. 
Any idea how much full time mailmen make that aren't the substitute teachers?
I was thinking the same thing.
I7 4770k overclocked to 4.3. Thinking about de-lidding it to push it a little further. Probably going to do a new build when Pascal/new Intel CPUs are released. 
Me too all of my friends are non-gamers/non-techies. I should find new friends lol. 
I can't stand linear switches either. I primarily use cherry mx green, but also have blues in my other keyboards. 
http://youtu.be/yy_3Cod8x0s

I have the same problem. I don't have an issue with any other devices just the PS4. Have it had the problem since day one. I've tried changing the DNS and all of the other methods, but I just learned to live with it. I'm guessing it's a firmware issue or something. 
I had an Anova, but mine died on me after 4 uses. It started to give wildly inaccurate temperatures. I bought a Vacmaster SV-1 and have been using one of those since. I like it better than the Anova, as it moves the water better and at 1500 watts it heats the water up faster. I still have the warranty replacement Anova sent me sitting around packed in the box. I'll use it if I ever need to make more food than one machine can handle. 
Hey I'm always up for friends. I love to play mmorpgs as well. Feel free to PM. 
He looks exactly like a correctional officer I know. 
I remember buying this for dreamcast back in the day from  Babbages for 50 bucks. 
Hit the pause button. 
Can confirm, my alma mater is Penn State. Huge party school. 

Overwatch it's a Blizzard game. 
This is the gif that never ends,
yes it goes on and on my friends,
some people started watching it,
not knowing what it was, 
and they'll continue watching it forever just because...
this is the gif that never ends, 
yes it goes on and on my friends,
 some people started watching it...
Wut r u talking about PS4 already does 4K cuz I got a big screen 4K TV. 
Which bundle has Oceanhorn? I've wanted that game for a long time. 

Edit: It was Humble Jumbo Bundle 6. Gone now. ;( Til next time I guess. 
cuz EA
That's how I open microwaved popcorn bags. Keeps the butter from getting all over your knuckles. 
Looks like it must be hell on your brakes. 
Yeah it'll drop. I spent so many shards on it it's not even funny. I got lucky though the first one that dropped for me was ancient. Never saw another one again. :c I'm having lots of issues getting ancient focus and restraint rings. Haven't seen any drop since I've started playing. 
I enjoy it, it's time consuming though so if you don't have time to grind then it might not be for you. I don't have that much time for gaming either, but I like to get on occasionally and tear through a rift or two real quick.
Spiders are cool. I had a spider living behind my washing machine for months. He had the entire area behind the washing machine and the dryer covered in a web. Since the laundry room was connected to the garage sometimes bugs would get in and he would kill them all. There was a nice pile of dead bugs back there. Natural pest control. 
You just have to wait for sales. I picked up a digital copy of Diablo III off of PSN for around 23 dollars a couple of weeks ago. It goes on sale every few months. 
I only buy digital when it's on sale. I never trade my games in probably due to laziness. I prefer to not have games cluttering up my living space if I'm not going to be trading them in anyway. Not to mention the whole disc changing thing drives me insane. 
I got a new chest, gloves, and DML. I think this DML is better than my last one, but I'm still not happy with it. I'm working on the chest. I also got a hellfire with thrill of the hunt passive which allows me to run awareness, however it's a 17.8% DPS loss which is definitely felt during play so I'm not sure if hellfire is the best option. I'm on the fence about it because I'm sure going full on glass cannon will make things even more difficult later on. That flavor of time has pretty excellent rolls on the affixes IMO. 

I managed to complete grift 69 with my old gear in 12:49 I think I got very lucky with the rift. It's still a struggle unless I go grift fishing. I haven't tried with my current upgrades, will probably hit that up tomorrow. 

Thanks for helping out a newb. I've only picked this game up for the first time in my life about a month ago. :)
Ok Jared you can go back to prison now. 
Nope the guy said that he would work on refunding everyone, in the end we all got like 25 dollars each after waiting for months on end, no matter how much we spent. 
Gah I lost ~100 dollars on icontrolpad 2. Haven't touched Kickstarter since. 
+1 for Lengthwise Pub their food is great too. Stinky Burger with bacon. :)
Battle.net profile: http://us.battle.net/d3/en/profile/Prizeless-1740/hero/70532100

Class: Demon Hunter

Item to reroll: I'm not sure if my stat priorities are good or if I'm missing anything such as enchants I should have. I've been trying to get a good hellfire, but the amulet I have provided a huge damage boost. I'm also not sure what affix I should look for on the hellfire. I was thinking awareness, but is something else better? Also is there an ancient item that I have that I should consider augmenting next (I have already done the weapon)?

Target goal: I'm currently stuck on grift 69. My guy dies way too easily and if I run awareness it feels like I can't kill fast enough. If I put on visage of gunes I feel like I spend more time generating hatred than spending it, which causes my dps to suffer. 
I think we had the same childhood, but my poison was unreal tournament. I played it to escape from my anxiety. I feel like I pissed away my college years sitting in my apartment playing games instead of socializing. Even today I feel like I'm withdrawn from everyone around me. I sometimes feel like a robot. 
My guild finished heroic SoO (before Mythic came out) in MoP as a 10 man. We tried Mythic raiding in WoD, but couldn't field a talented 20 man roster and my guild died. Blizzard really needs to bring 10 man raiding back. ;(.
I skip the parking job every time. Haha
Don't you mean with chow mein
Blizzard
May I ask what grift you were able to clear with those gems and what level they are? I'm currently stuck on grift 69 and I think it's that I'm too slow at moving around the map and not so much killing the mobs. I also lose some time because I tend to drop my Taeguk stacks 1-2 times per run. 

I've made it to the rift guardian with 3 minutes and then just kept dying to him. So I've been thinking about trying stricken on the RG, but I'm scared not having Taeguk will kill my survivability and dps. 

Here's my build right now: http://us.battle.net/d3/en/profile/Prizeless-1740/hero/70532100

I feel like I should have enough damage to clear this effortlessly, but I guess I just suck. Haha. 
It doesn't work for me either. I primarily browse on my desktop and mobile phone using an app and was really hoping they would sync. There must be a better way to track read/unread threads other than css. I have no idea though, not a programmer. 
Yep. I had the same issue was using blues for a long time, but got sick of always bottoming them out. Switched to greens and it's completely changed my typing style. I never bottom out on greens. The stiffness is easy to get used to. I actually type faster on greens than on blues because I'm able to "float" my fingers better instead of mashing the whole way down, if that makes sense. 
Green master race :)
I quit because of WoD as well. :) The game started feeling so disconnected.  
I bought it, kind of. Got it for free with Trial Pay. 
Ask this guy...

http://imgur.com/nE3sLT4
Another vote for outlook. I use it for email addresses I don't want clogging the mail app. 

I like to play Demon Hunter, but I almost always pick ranged characters in RPGs. My main in WoW was a hunter too. Demon Hunter's aren't bad, but very glass cannon like if that's not your cup of tea it might not work for you.
Hey I'm pretty new to this game. I have a paragon 83 DH. I'm looking to get into group running grifts. Feel free to message me on here for my details if you want to hit up some GRs. 
Go look at the photos on Yelp for The French Laundry. People posted pics of their receipts. Gives me a mini heart attack.  

http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-french-laundry-yountville-2
Literally
I laughed way too hard at this.
I love UT. I played it from the time the first Unreal Tournament came out to the end of UT2k4. I was so into that game. I was in CTF clans and did the whole ladder thing and even went to a couple real life lans such as Ultra Unreal. That being said this game requires A LOT of dedication and practice to become competitive. I used to remember not playing for like a week and being rusty as hell when I came back. Gotta keep the aim up to hit those shock combos. I made a lot of good friends and loved the game in my time, but I just don't have the time anymore. 
Same here I always hated writing 'effective'. 
I have one of those, I love it. I bought a lint roller to keep it clean. :)
My girlfriend managed to get one for me at the local game stop. They only had 1 left and the guy was nice to hold it for her. I couldn't believe she managed to get one for me for Christmas. Great controller.
That's me at work. Oh I'm going to comment on that...damn it not logged in oh well.
Sounds good, I will be doing this mod then when I get my elite controller as I already have the energizer charging station. Thanks!
Hey after doing the mod does the cover still fit tightly or is it slightly loose?
It really bothers me that those guys filming didn't smash it with their foot or something haha. That's what I would have done. Would have helped make the video somewhat soothing.
I work in a prison as a nurse and have eaten out of a clean urine collection cup before. 
I've been using a Logitech G600 and it's pretty nice, but thinking about picking up a Corsair Scimitar:

http://www.corsair.com/en-us/scimitar-rgb-optical-moba-mmo-gaming-mouse

I just wish it had a tilting scroll wheel.




I've had 2 fail on me, one which came with my iPhone 5. The wire jackets turned yellow on both of them and cracked.

Much like these cables:

http://imgur.com/QTQCtOo

I use Noot and Anker cables now and they're really nice. They come in nice long lengths too.


Same thing here, it said it would be here before Halloween with seasonal delivery, but it's instead showing up on the 31st by 8 pm according to tracking. That doesn't do me much good. -_-
Something like this: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00MA639FA/
She should make a font out of her handwriting.
I looked all over the place for that table, and this table at IKEA is the closest I've come to that table. It may actually be the same one, but I'm not sure because the finish looks slightly different.

It's called the STORNÄS http://www.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/60152340/

I'm seriously considering buying one, as it looks like my dream table. I just hope it's strong enough to handle the weight. It's made out of solid pine wood, if it were oak it would be even better.
I think I may have found something at IKEA: http://www.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/60152340/

It's called the STORNÄS it extends to 113" at maximum width. Made out of solid pine wood. I think I might pick one up. It actually looks like it might be the same table that is in pic 1. It comes in other colors too.

I just got mine and he is very well made, but he doesn't go on anything. The clips on the bottom are basically hair clips that women would use in their hair, so yeah you could put him in your hair or on the bill of a cap, but there is no way to clip him to a typical monitor like the Blizzard website states. The clips are rigid enough that he sits pretty flat on a surface so he has that going for himself. I'm very happy with my purchase.

http://i.imgur.com/th1Cw76.jpg

I was about to ask the same thing, but I want the one in the first pic. Pretty sure it's custom, as I've been looking all over the place for a table that big and can't find one for purchase.
The Best Buy I go to always gives me used mice. You can clearly tell they are used, as they'll have scratches and other junk all over them. I've bought 3 mice from them, 2 were used and 1 was broken. I got all of them as in store pickup orders. They were all replaced with new ones by Best Buy without incident, but it still left a bad impression.

I have bought one more mouse from them since then and I asked the cashier if I could open it and inspect it before I took it home. I would try to do that with everything if possible as there is a lot of shady stuff going on with people using them as an item replacement center. Only items I trust are the ones that are completely wrapped in clear plastic.
I don't know, but I appreciate it when I'm at work as YouTube is blocked there.
I haven't bought a western digital in a long time, but I have a HGST (Hitachi) and it has been rock solid for the past 3 years. I also have a Toshiba 5TB that is great as well. 
Yep, I've had a spider living behind my washing machine for about 3 months now and he has a nice pile of dead insects that get in through the door to the garage. He's a family member as far as I'm concerned. Good guy spider.
The microwaveable Sam's Choice burgers from Walmart are actually pretty decent. They come in different flavors, but here is an example: http://www.walmart.com/ip/Sam-s-Choice-Bavarian-Style-Pretzel-Burger-8.26-oz-2-count/36032548

Future tight rope walker.
Yet you still can't sort your playlist from newest to oldest. Sigh. 
I hate how every single episode is always white vs. black. 
Exactly this.
Two Shay
They have a free alternative to it as well: http://wow-pro.com/
Looks like ElvUI.
Yah I miss Dunkin Donuts.
Source: http://www.dsquared2.com/us/sleeveless-t-shirt_cod37710537sp.html
Burrito bowl is the best way to get a bigger burrito.

Directions here:

http://www.buzzfeed.com/rachelzarrell/burritoooooo#.ibQq3mRgX
Its all good, I messaged Corsair on Twitter and they confirmed that the scroll wheel does not tilt. That's a complete deal killer for me even though the mouse looks great in every other way. 
Can you tilt the scroll wheel to the left and right for 2 buttons? I can't seem to find this information anywhere.
I used to have U-Verse, I hated it as well. I'm on Brighthouse currently and it's pretty nice: http://i.imgur.com/UiITRSr.png


We used to flip a bun so the inside part was facing outside just like OPs pic. Then use the butter brush that was for the biscuits and put some butter on the top and bottom. Cheese in between (so the cheese was on the tops of the buns because the bottom of the bun was facing out) and then put it on the clam shell grill and smoosh it down for a little while. It came a lot better looking than that pic. 
I had this problem when I had a topper on my mattress this solved my issue: http://www.amazon.com/Bed-Band-Warranty-inflatable-Americans/dp/B004I3VDWY/
You also know you're a fat fuck, when Wendy's gives you your food in this bag: http://i.imgur.com/kzU55kB.jpg
Yeah looks like Corelle to me too, especially the set on the right.
Wow really 20 bucks? I have my iPhone 3G box and the little handbag they put it in during launch day with iPhone 3G pics on it. Tempted to sell it. 
Looks like some weird interpretation of a claddagh to me. 
Exactly, where else, but Massdrop are you going to find the Keycool 84 offered with Cherry MX switches instead of Khail?
Do you

Anker makes good stuff. I have their lightning cables and their 5 port desk charger. I just hope their quality doesn't start slipping as they get bigger.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6yzZQ5EDPHw
Probably Sony's approval, but who knows. 
The antialiasing on polyester is amazing.
Do you have to take any measures if you only ever used the Chrome extension? I've always kept it disabled until I actually needed to use it which wasn't very often. 
Gangsta
Sweet mystical ninja poster. Wish they make another one of those games. 
Damn it stop posting awesome subreddits, my life hours are shrinking. ;p
Nice congratulations OP!
When I was there it looked like the left picture. Guess I got lucky. :)
10/10 would bang. 
Don't really see the wtf. It signifies the soldiers fighting and dying so the couple standing up top can enjoy their freedom. 
Are you sure about that? I had U-Verse when I lived in Northern California and they had a 250 GB limit and shit speeds to boot. It capped out at 18 Mbps. I would double check before you get a surprise on your bill.
Yeah it's easy to use 300 GB. I've been going over my cap on Comcast for the past 5 months and get charged 10-20 dollars extra in overages. Multiple people streaming from Hulu/Netflix, downloading games on Steam, and watching a lot of YouTube will kill it quick. I'm so glad I'm moving to a different state in a couple of weeks where I will have 150 Mbps internet and no data caps. Screw Comcast.
It's sad to see pay phones going extinct. I once didn't have my cell phone on me and went to the gas station next door to the building I was in and they had the booths, but the phones were removed. ;( 
Would love to see this at normal speed. 
I really hope so because I'm tired of this problem as well. I've been using iPhones since iPhone 3G, upgrading yearly, and haven't really had much of an issue with this problem until I got a 6 Plus. 
I shall spend hours of my life there. Thanks.
Dentists are the only people I trust less than mechanics. Been ripped off so many times. 
Wish there were more people like you out there, because this picture is pretty much the story of my life. lol
You'll get it. If they don't call then contact them and ask them what decision they made. They'll pretty much hire anyone so I wouldn't stress too much.
I like Fanatec wheels. 
Aww yeah Euro Truck Simulator. 
Model Ms are actually buckling spring not Cherry. 
3875
What are these used for?
Yep I've been told that I'm a very private person when in reality my life is boring because I don't do much due to my issues. So, I have nothing of interest to share. What am I supposed to say? Yeah I sat in my living room all alone watching tv and browsing the Internet for hours on end this weekend. ;(
I use Facebook, but I never share anything because it makes me uncomfortable. So people probably think I'm a creeper.
I'd love an answer to this as well as I have the same problem. I'm a nurse and it involves a lot of down time where the other nurses sit around talking to each other. I'm always the awkward guy on the side not saying much. I loathe small talk as I feel like I have nothing to share that is interesting or anyone else cares about. I  really enjoy my job other than all of the interpersonal contact ruining my work day. 
In their defense companies that pre-build computers have a lot of over head. They have to pay their employees, transport costs, plus any other costs associated with running a business. So they pass that on to the consumer so they can still make a profit. Kind of like video cards. Do you really think the titan x costs 1000 dollars to make? Probably not, but they have to pay their engineers and other costs associated with bringing that product to the market. 
Back when I was in high school, many ages ago, one guy from my class ran by putting up posters of his face with a slogan that read "solid c average". 
Killing Floor 1 and 2
Just go in there and do the job. Act like they need you more than you need them (which is usually the case). I last worked at a McDonald's when I was 17 which was many moons ago, but I don't remember the interview being difficult at all. They just ask simple questions and 99.9% of the time they'll hire you on the spot. They always need people to fill shifts. 

Honestly you won't have to meet too many new people. After you're trained, there is so much work to do due to the fast pace there really isn't that much socialization going on. It's a pretty good job for someone with SA starting out. I remember I used to avoid the cash register because I didn't want to deal with customers. I would work the grill. lol
How much do normally get tipped on average?
Epilepsy is a bitch. I passed out in the shower and had a seizure about 10 years ago because I had a high fever. The doctors notified the DMV and I lost my driver's license for 1.5 years until I was able to prove that I would not have any more incidents. I had to get clearance from the doctor and go to court where they finally let me have my license back.

I haven't had a single seizure since then and they even let me get off of the medication. Don't even get me started on how horrible the medication is, the side effects are terrible. That was one of the worst times in my life. Makes you appreciate how much of a privilege driving really is.
Because they hold back PC development. Imagine if PC was the only platform that all game companies catered to. The graphics would be amazing instead of shitty ports of console games that are designed to run on their inferior hardware.
It's sad  that we live in a world where people still use the word faggot.
Good now no one can see you bang your hooker.
This sounds like a great idea, but I wonder how they will monitor it so that it is used for its intended purpose and not turn into a bunch of people showing their dicks on cam like on other video conferencing sites. 
You have to mix it halfway through to evenly distribute the heat.
Is it tasty? Every time I see someone eating it they are gagging half way through. I found some at the local international grocery store and I was tempted to try it myself, but decided not to. I'm still curious.
I just want to know how many hot dogs are cut up into that damn.
I thought straight talk was from Walmart. 
Amy's microwaveable food is actually pretty good. I recommend the Indian selections.
I used to be like that on the xbox 360. I used to go on the achievement forums and set up groups to cheese online achievements. I would buy trash games like Avatar: The Burning Earth which give 1000 gamer score in under 2 mins, just to boost my score. Then I started wondering wtf I was doing with my life and stopped giving a shit.
The nvidia codes only redeem on GoG correct? I was hoping for a Steam version. 
I used to go to a place in Oildale called Super Toms. It's a hole in the wall run down shit hole, but they have the best lamb gyros anywhere. I'd go there. 
I used to live at the Rio Paseo apartments about 5 years ago. That area was really nice and they were right behind Winco so you had easy access to a grocery store. I'd stick to Northwest or Southwest Bakersfield the other areas can get kind of hood. 
Don't mind me I'll just be over here grinding my teeth. 
You should save this post and come back to it in 10 years to see how you did. 
Just ignore them. As long as you aren't wiping the group you're fine. He was the one playing like a noob, probably wanted to pad his kill score and didn't want anyone else shooting his zeds. This game is about team work not one guy hogging all of the kills.
Sorry not sure about that. 
Yesterday it was my first time ever using the site. 
My brother preordered it off of Nuuvem and it activated fine for him, however I've heard that now they check to see that your Paypal account is from a valid country as well and they're declining US Paypal accounts. I guess they had a lot of people doing the VPN method during the preorder, so they've put in extra checks. I'd say it's worth a shot to see if it works for you. 
I registered and bought Luftraisers and got Anomaly 2 for free, but never got Anomaly: Korea for registering. ;\
Just switch from optimal to standard. 
This is why I play Farming Simulator 2015. It's so satisfying. I still don't know what that long metal arm with the blade like thing attached to it extending to the left of the tractor does.
I use it and I think it's great. It's really light and seems to be doing its job. That being said I have 4 years of subscription for free because I bought of bunch of free after rebate keys that they were offering a few years ago. I'm not sure I would pay full price for it, but I've seen Amazon put it on sale for 20 dollars a year from time to time. At that price if definitely recommend it. 
Yeeahhhh I'd buy the discs. 
I'm guessing he was Indian? Did he also say whee instead of v?
Doubt he would win because he used up all of his luck surviving that. ;p
You should have a header on the motherboard that looks like this (this is a picture of page 19 from your manual): http://i.imgur.com/ponAmkK.png It's hard for me to make out some pics, but from I saw it look like it is located on the bottom right of your motherboard if you hold it so the cpu socket is at the top.

You have to take a lead that is attached to your case, it should be labeled PWR or something similar and plug it into that port where it says PWRBTN#. Then press the power button on your case. Hook up the other cables coming from the case to that header as well if you haven't yet.
Yah Logitec is a company owned by Elecom that exists over in Japan so when Logitech entered that market they had to change their name. Not sure why they went with Logicool. Sounds like a spin off of Logical or something.  
Dedicated volume controls via firmware update? Damn maybe I'll end up buying one after all.
This is currently up on Massdrop and it's offered with Cherry MX switches as an option. 

It's very very rare to see a Keycool offered with Cherry switches anymore so I would hit it up if you're interested. I personally ordered one with cherry mx greens, black case, white pbt keycaps, and white backlighting.

https://www.massdrop.com/buy/keycool-hero-84?mode=guest_open
Had to be done: http://i.imgur.com/HCeACFk.jpg
I use that third button for reload. ;p I stopped using my G600 for FPS though as I found out I aim a lot better with a mouse that isn't as wide. It's great for WoW though which I don't play anymore. 
What kind of speakers are those? I'm in the market for some new speakers.
Killing Floor 2 represent.
Looks pretty good! I guess it's not as sharp as using backlight compatible keycaps, but can't say it doesn't work. Thanks for the pics very helpful. :D
Thanks! Yeah I would love to see the pics if you can, if not it's all good. I've pretty much decided to go with a black case, white PBT, and white backlighting. I prefer white backlighting because you can use LED color changers and change their colors fairly easily. Not to mention white goes with everything. 

This is going to be my second 75% keyboard. I currently use a choc mini. I've always wanted Cherry MX Greens in this form factor though and that massdrop is making my dreams come true. I can't wait for it to ship. ;)
Ah not sure how I missed that.

This image pretty much made my decision for me: http://i.imgur.com/11Jd0Va.jpg

Going with white PBT on a black case with white backlighting. I have LED color changers to do a rainbow. That looks pretty nice. 
Hmm yeah I googled around and came across this image:

http://i.imgur.com/TbfUAzd.jpg

Not sure how I feel about it. I'm thinking about buying the Keycool Hero 84 that is on massdrop right now and can't decide if I should go with the Black shine through keycaps or the white PBT keycaps. PBT is definitely better than ABS, but no backlight support. Wish they would let us buy both keycap sets. I'm definitely getting white backlighting. 

https://www.massdrop.com/buy/keycool-hero-84?mode=guest_open
If you're interested in the back story. Apparently she is a model that decided to get plastic surgery done on her behind. The filler they used rotted her muscles and had to be removed, which is where the holes on her leg came from.
Then wait for a sale? How do you justify stealing something just because you don't think something is worth its current price? 
Is this game optimized to work with SLI? I have 770s in SLI. 
I think I just got heart burn looking at a picture.
Here is an album with some that I took if you're interested. Probably not as good OP's, but I think they turned out pretty good. 

http://www.imgur.com/a/9pU2t
I use Actual Multiple Monitors. http://www.actualtools.com/multiplemonitors/

It has some other handy features as well like opening an application on the monitor that your mouse pointer is on. It also puts little arrows next to the minimize button to let you send windows screen to screen easily. 
Do you mind posting the image you're using for your boot screen? I have a gigabyte too and I wanted to try it out. ;p Thanks in advance.
I use an application called GameSave Manager. It uploads your saved games to a website like Dropbox or OneDrive.

http://www.gamesave-manager.com/
Or download ShareX it'll change your life.

https://getsharex.com/
60.6 GB for me.

http://i.imgur.com/QicpTgO.png
I don't use too much, but here are a few:

True Launch Bar - http://www.truelaunchbar.com/ Been using it for years, I have a simple list with my most used applications in it. Using the PCMR mascot icon for it. ;p

Actual Multiple Monitors - http://www.actualtools.com/multiplemonitors/ Lets me have a taskbar on every monitor.

SoundSwitch - https://soundswitch.codeplex.com/ Lets me set a hotkey to switch between audio devices on the fly.

ShareX - https://getsharex.com/ To take screenshots and upload them to imgur easily. 

CCleaner - https://www.piriform.com/ccleaner/download Cleans up files


Yep or just get an external: http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16827151275

My 5.25" bays are blocked because I put an additional intake fan behind them (they're meshed) so external is my only option.
Nice, that's a great looking case.
The one game I got so close to completing and never finished. I even reached max level online. Love that game. I'm going to have to load up my xbox 360 someday and finish the single player. Although I would love to do it on PC instead. ;p
Yeah, but that would still impede a lot of air flow that another case that had a mesh in the front would allow? I should go read some reviews on it and see what kind of case temps these cases are capable of.
Bans you get when Steam detects that you're cheating in some form, such as aim bots or other types of hacks. Sometimes it's as simple as using a mod that isn't approved.
I would check out Jonny Guru's reviews: http://www.jonnyguru.com/modules.php?name=NDReviews

I go with Seasonic, PC Power & Cooling (they're called FirePower now afaik), Corsair (AX series). Cooler Master makes good ones too as long as you stick to their V series (they're rebranded Seasonics last time I checked, I'm currently using a V1000 and it's solid)
I've always wondered if teachers read reports. I went to Penn State and for our organic chem lab there were about 40 students assigned to a single TA submitting lab reports. At what point while grading them are you like F this and begin grading them based on how complete they look. I'd imagine it would take hours to read through them all and we used to submit reports every week.
I never understood Fractal cases. They look all right, but doesn't that front cover suffocate air flow? That always turned me off of them.
Oil. I can't stand it when my keyboard and mouse feel oily. I'm constantly cleaning them and wash my hands before and during use multiple times. It's a little OCD, but it's my kryptonite. 
He was on Tosh.0: http://tosh.cc.com/video-clips/3k1azg/cewebrity-profile---sign-spinner
Haha I was trying to make that argument in my head when my RAM was on sale at Newegg.
Vivi from Final Fantasy IX. I don't even know why he just seemed so innocent. 
I would get this one (KBP v60 Mini): http://mechanicalkeyboards.com/shop/index.php?l=product_detail&p=878

The Poker 3 is nice too, but it has no media keys and it's not backlit at the moment. That's a deal breaker for me, but if you don't mind it looks like a great keyboard.
They have a 10 piece bucket here for 10 bucks or 15 for a 10 piece meal. I've only tried to get it twice and they never have any chicken. Guess I should go earlier. 
Cooking Academy Fire and Knives (yes I'm serious ;p)
If you're using Windows 8, open the charms bar on the right side and go to change PC settings. Then click on update and recovery, on the right under Advanced Startup hit restart. It'll reboot and bring you to a menu, at that menu click troubleshoot > advanced options > UEFI Firmware Settings and then hit restart. 
Samsung makes nice SSDs. Their Pro line is awesome, EVO is great too. You'll be fine.

However for about 20 bucks more you could have bought the Pro model which uses better nand than the EVO. 


http://www.ebay.com/itm/161674880627
I have one of these in my computer: 

http://www.amazon.com/NZXT-Technologies-AC-GRID-10-M1-Cooling-Black/dp/B00D2ZK2VW/

You can also get a better model that lets you control the fan speeds and such...

http://www.amazon.com/NZXT-Digital-Controller-Cooling-AC-GRIDP-M1/dp/B00O0M6Q6G/

Advantage of using the NZXT hub is that it connects to your power supply instead of the fan header on your motherboard. I don't feel comfortable powering those many fans off of a single motherboard fan header. Otherwise the cable you posted should work.

As for fan placement I would go with one intake in the front and one exhaust up top.
Colostomy bag most likely.
The trick is to use the middle part of your finger to hit the edge of the bumper while leaving the tip of your finger on the trigger. It's difficult to get used to after using the 360 controller for so long, but if you practice it enough it makes a world of a difference.
I just got this game yesterday and I was wondering what was going on during those special moves. That explains the weird feeling of slowdown. ;d I thought the game was too much for my computer or something which didn't seem right.
Here's some more advice, don't buy audio equipment from manufacturers not known for audio equipment aka cooler master, kingston, corsair, razer etc. That's like buying a hamburger from a Chinese restaurant. 
I just bought that mouse the other day. It's great. Best Buy has it on sale for 49.99. I bought it to replace my old G700 which I lost during my move.

http://www.bestbuy.com/site/logitech-g700s-rechargeable-laser-gaming-mouse-black/8785461.p?id=1218893504509&skuId=8785461
I don't even want to know how much he makes from his stream. It's pretty much a constant spam of donations and subscriptions when he is online.
Instead of moving or copying the music files into that folder and making duplicates like that article suggests. You can just select the files you want, hold down right click, drag them to the GTA V music folder, release right mouse button, and select create shortcuts on the menu that pops up. Game will still pick them up, but you can keep your mp3s wherever they were originally.
Thought I'd share some screenshots I took of this beuatiful game:

http://imgur.com/a/9pU2t
Nice, here's a few that I've taken:

http://imgur.com/a/9pU2t
I can't fly in GTA V without a controller. I tried about 10 times on the Trevor mission and crashed every time, passed it first try with the controller. Not sure why I suck so much at it with the keyboard. I play the rest of the game with keyboard and mouse.
That time when you're browsing reddit on your computer and you pull out your phone to check a text and end up launching the reddit app on there while it's still up on your computer. I had that time while reading this post.
No Goro for you? It's only 1.49.

Anyway, I saw this on slickdeals front page. It's working for many users over there as well.
Yep, for example these are the achievements for GTA V. Pretty much all games have achievements on Steam.

http://i.imgur.com/AqZAEZD.png
Here are a few pics of it. It shrinks to the middle monitor on cut scenes, but runs triple the rest of the time.

http://i.imgur.com/mDwT0gY.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/z2SAOaC.jpg

http://i.imgur.com/4gJJOlC.jpg
Sure I'll put up a pic when I get home. 
It does and it looks great. 
Running super smooth on my system. I have everything maxed out as far as it will go. Looks great.
Nope, runs like butter on my system with everything maxed out. Really nice port, but the benchmarking tool is completely broken.
Well technically you can still show friends you're playing GTA V in Steam without the Steam version. Just add it to your Steam library as a non-Steam game and when you launch it from Steam it'll show up as playing non-Steam game GTA V or something like that. 
Only GTA V. I don't normally pre-order because games tend to plummet in price before I even get around to playing them. Not to mention the glitchy garbage some companies have spit out lately has left me jaded. 
Where did you get the music sensitive spotlights? That's awesome. 
Yep it's unlocking early. 4 PM for me. I can't wait. 

Here is a list of release times:

BST (British Summer Time): Tuesday April 14th, 12:00am

EST (Eastern Standard Time, US): Monday April 13th, 7:00pm

CST (Central Standard Time, US): Monday April 13th, 6:00pm

PST (Pacific Standard Time, US): Monday April 13th, 4:00pm

AEST (Australian Eastern Standard Time): Tuesday April 14th, 9:00am

AWST (Australian Western Standard Time): Tuesday April 14th, 7:00am
Man I've tried Asus so many times you have no idea. I've been through 4 Asus motherboards over the years that arrived DOA or something else went wrong with them later on. 

The latest one that messed up on me was the Maximus Impact. It worked great for 4 months and I actually thought my curse with Asus mobos was over and boom I booted it up one day and it just kept giving 00 errors. I got a replacement from Asus, but I just took all my stuff off of it and put it on a gigabyte sniper M5 and it's been rock solid for the past year or so now. I have the replacement Asus sitting around, I'll probably build an HTPC or something with it eventually.  I don't really trust it for my main rig. Haha But yeah my brother uses nothing, but Asus and never has any problems, the bastard. :p I don't know why I have such bad luck with them. I bought their 144 Hz monitor and I'm waiting for it to explode on me, but so far it's been reliable. 

Yes I do use a keyboard without a numpad. I'm currently using the Noppoo Choc Mini-2M. It has a Fn layer to enable a numpad, but I just use the numbers above the qwerty row. Once you get used to them you can type numbers in almost as fast as a numpad. The desk space savings > numpad imo. 
* Mobo: Gigabyte (I have terrible luck with Asus)

* Memory: Crucial or Corsair (No reason)

* PSU: Seasonic (currently using a CM v1000 which is a rebranded Seasonic) or PC Power &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp; Cooling (Old school companies that I have grown to trust throughout many builds)

* GPU: EVGA/NVIDIA (I love EVGA's build quality and warranty.)

* CPU: Intel (Nothing from AMD seems appealing to me)

* Case: Cooler Master or Corsair (Soft preference I'll take whatever has good build quality and excellent internals and looks)

* Hard Drive: Hitachi (HGST), Samsung for SSDs

* Keyboard: Noppoo, Vortex (Among many others, but never Razer, I kind of have an obsession with mechanical keyboards)

* Mouse: Logitech (They never let me down)

* Cooling: Noctua or Phanteks, Noctua for fans all the way. (I'm using Phanteks PH-TC14PE couldn't ask for a better cooler. Was using Noctua NH-D14 prior and it was excellent as well. Noctua just makes quality products and their customer service is excellent)
What would you do if your son was at home, crying all alone, on the bedroom floor, cause he's hungry and the only way to feed him is to sleep with a man for a little bit of money? And then that man cancels his date on you, but the baby is still crying. I'm pretty sure you would return those condoms so you can buy some food. After all it's not the baby's fault his daddy's gone, somewhere smokin' rock now, in and out of lockdown. That bastard. 
You will never take my massive 6+ size away from me. NEVER! ;(
RAM for sure. Apps that never reload because you switched to something else for 5 seconds. 

I've wanted to throw my phone against a wall so many times when I lose my place in safari or reddit or some other app just because I had to go check my texts real quick or send an email. 

It would also be nice to be able to customize gestures on the home button. Such as being able to swap Reachability and App Switcher. I'd rather double tap for app switcher and double press for reachability. 
I got a new 5TB the other day, unfortunately I can't do that until I get a new ISP that doesn't have bandwidth caps. Stupid Comcrap. 
Directions on how to buy from there here: http://slickdeals.net/f/7785847-grand-theft-auto-5-gta-v-for-pc-29-61

My brother bought the game from them. He said Brazil and Chile kept giving him 404 errors, but Argentina worked. 
Entry
What carrying strap is that? Gear grip?
Ocelot?
Yep completely new for me I haven't played it for even a second on any other platform. Can't wait for release night. 
I have about 15 fans laying around from just my last build. I was trying out different brands until I just said F it and went out all out Noctua. 
Yep, I have the wireless/wired (switchable) version that is backlit. It's my main keyboard, been using it for almost a year now. I love it, it's my favorite keyboard.

Only thing that bothers me about it is that some of the keycaps are non-standard size so it can be difficult to find replacements for them. Especially that spacebar, it's pretty much impossible to find unless you get a 3D printed one.
Noppoo Choc Mini
Would someone kindly please explain how early access works? If we buy the early access version do we automatically get the full version upon release for free or will we have to pay more money to obtain the completed version later on?
I say that pretty much every time I try to use Siri and I'm not even getting rear ended. Stupid bitch can't ever understand me and I have no accent or anything. 
Not really, I only have 3 because blizzard decided to reset all of the kills after patch 6.0 came out. Mythic was out for 3 weeks after they got rid of heroic and WoD dropped. The best indicator to see if someone was a serious Heroic/Mythic raider in MoP is to look for the Cutting Edge: Garrosh Hellscream achievement. This means they were able to kill Garrosh on the hardest difficulty prior to Mythic nerfing it into the ground as after patch 6.0 and the release of Mythic that achievement became unobtainable.

Even then just because someone wasn't 14/14H (now called Mythic) doesn't mean they weren't a hardcore and/or great raider. Their guild may have been holding them back. So look at logs not progression.
Same here I enjoyed it as well. It's fun to just sit back and shoot at some people.
I would try uBlock. I used adblock for years and uBlock is so much lighter.
I don't think I could handle that macro. I'd constantly be changing targets by accident lol. I'm fine clicking was able to clear all of mythic/old heroic last expansion. I only use tab targeting if it doesn't matter which mob I am hitting.
I miss WinAMP. :(
There was this amazing deal on an HP Envy a few days ago. 

http://slickdeals.net/f/7774825-hp-envy-phoenix-desktop-i7-4790-8gb-ddr3-4gb-gtx-980-1089-free-shipping?v=1
/r/mechanicalkeyboards is a good source. Lots of keyboard enthusiasts over there.
It's probably compressed somewhat. It might expand to 65 gb. Not to mention I'm sure the pre-load files aren't complete. 
I use Norton, because I was able to procure about 6 years worth of free keys from all of the free after mail in rebate deals they had on it a few years ago. 
Nah pretty much the same issues. Its just faster to click on your target most of the time. It tends to want to cycle through every single mob except the one you want. 
Well, if you play WoW, tab targeting is broken as hell. Not saying I agree with the guy, but just saying that tab targeting sucks in some games haha.
I've never bought from these guys before, but they have the legendary key for 11.95. 

http://us.gamesrocket.com/download/The-Elder-Scrolls-V-Skyrim-Legendary-Edition.html?ref=516&currency=USD

I found them on http://www.isthereanydeal.com

I'd wait for a sale from a reputable dealer, but thought I'd throw this out there. 
Can't go wrong with an Amazon or Newegg gift card. 
Needs moar buttons. 
+1 to Euro Truck Simulator 2. So relaxing. 
Web browser benchmark by Microsoft. 

http://ie.microsoft.com/testdrive/performance/penguinmark/

Mobile Safari on my iPhone 6 Plus got a score of 4 lol
I'd be like BRB buying hard drives. Download, download everything. 
It's a fingerprint reader if you don't know. Nothing like logging into your computer without typing in your password. Works with some software as well.
I have all of them. Teamspeak 3, Raidcall, Skype, Ventrilo, and Mumble. I've noticed every group uses something different so I end up switching around a lot. Vent and Mumble seem to be the most popular. 
I don't have Garry's Mod. 
It's actually not that bad of a game either. Just kinda short. 
Scream
I can't even use the optimized settings. For some reason since the last update it can't find any of my games. I've removed and re-added all of my library folders and still nothing. Was working fine before. 
I hate you. ;p
I had that case too, it was pretty good, but I stuffed a Noctua D14 in there and it was super tight. It stayed pretty cool though considering what I had in there. I moved all of my stuff into a CM 690 III when I upgraded to SLI and an mATX motherboard.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles was the hardest for me.
Nice. http://i.imgur.com/jPB5fQG.png
I know where I've heard of Kolkata...Sonagachi the red light district is there. I watched a documentary about that a little while ago. :D lol So you go there a lot? haha jk

I also went to Shimla. I loved that area. I got sick on the ride up the mountain though and had to puke out of the car lol. Loved it once we got to the top though. Beautiful area.
I've hard of Kolkata never been there. I mostly visited Jalandhar, Chandigarh, and Ahmedabad areas. :D I really need to go back one of these years and explore more haha. Although I want to go to many other countries as well. I love traveling lol.
I spent most of my time in Punjab, but also visited Delhi. Yeah it's fun to go to India, feels like you are living like a king. We kind of felt bad for the maid that was taking care of our place though so we tipped her 3000 rupees before we took the flight back. It made her day. :)
I play with keyboard. Mash PSMCR 3 times for meat lasagna. ;p
Cook Serve Delicious is pretty fun.
He figured your mother was the one cleaning your house. Maids in the US are really expensive so only the very wealthy have them. All of the housework is done by the family themselves aka mom and dad.

He doesn't know where you are located so he assumed when you said housemaid you meant your mother. Speaking of which I need to plan another trip to India been about 17 years haha. :)
He's in India, it's very common there to have housemaids. ;p So probably not his mother.
Sounds good, it should help cooldown your video card.
Ah sorry didn't know where you were located.
You can buy the windowed panel from the CM Store: http://www.cmstore-usa.com/cm-693-windowed-left-side-panel/

I have 2 120 mm on the side panel blowing as intakes (keeps my sli nice and cool), 2 140s on the top blowing out, 1 120 on the back exhausting, and the giant one in the front as an intake. I'm thinking about putting my drive cage back in and attaching another 120mm to it so that it helps push the air from the 200mm intake a little better. Not sure if that will interfere with my video cards though.

I also bought one of these http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16817996019 and put it in the drive bay and put another 120mm fan intake up there (note: can't do this if you plan on installing a dvd drive). I replaced the fan that came with it with a Noctua though because the xigmatek fan is kind of crappy.

I don't think it matters where you put the third fan. Just keep in mind that intakes>exhausts lead to positive air pressure in the case and exhausts>intakes lead to negative pressure. Negative pressure tends to cause more dust inside the case. I try to keep my fans fairly equal with maybe 1 additional intake so the air inside the case keeps moving and doesn't settle.  Personally, I would buy more fans and fill out all of the spots. Exhausts at the top and intakes at the bottom. Hot air rises remember? :p
That's the same case I have. I love it.
I'm a super cool guy.
That speed test isn't accurate. Real life usage will be different.
Pretty much all pre-builts are that's why you build your own Steam Machine. :)
I still have my CUE card from Egghead sitting in my old wallet. ;p
Stopagaben: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tsHkpesBdY
Lock & Load by MNDR Feat. Killer Mike. I can't find it on Spotify if that's where you were going to look. ;(
I didn't know how to equip weapons. I went into my inventory and hit use on the weapons and it didn't do anything so I figured I couldn't equip them. I played the first part of Yarnham (sp?) with my right fist. When I hit the 4 enemies that are grouped up on that one street I was stuck and then later found out how to equip weapons. 

Anyway, I noticed how much easier it was with an axe, but not all was lost. Playing through with my right fist helped me master the dodging that is required in this game. I recommend everyone who is new to force themselves to play the first part with nothing, but their fists. If nothing else you'll learn how to track enemy patterns and how to properly dodge from them using the circle button. It should help out immensely later on in the game. 

Going straight in with an axe can lead this game to feel like a traditional hack n slash when in reality there is a lot more strategy involved. New players who haven't experienced a game like this before can get into that mindset that they just have to slash slash slash and then they keep dying and get frustrated. I saw it happen to my brother. 
I'd go with GTA V. I've noticed MK games don't hold their price as well as GTA games so you should be able to get MK at a discount sooner than GTA. Up to you though and what you feel like playing more. 
TripTik got it going on.
I think the rapids were discontinued afaik, but they still make the TK with greens. It's hard to find though and it's currently sold out on CM Store.

http://www.cmstore-usa.com/cm-storm-quickfire-tk-mid-size-led-mechanical-gaming-keyboard/
Or he might one of those high metabolism individuals.
and who doesn't love Vivi?

http://i.imgur.com/1zR4O7y.jpg
I like 7 and 9
Ohhoohhoohhoohhoohho
Found it: http://www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/2qyqgc/pc_master_race_start_button_happy_new_year/cnartqq

and it's glorious: http://i.imgur.com/jBpmAiq.png
Me too, I want it as my True Launch Bar icon. ;p
I have nothing, but Noctua's in my computer. Great fans, kinda pricey, but they'll probably last you a few builds at least. 
What happens if you don't have any friends? Does it have matchmaking or should I just go back into my cave of loneliness?
The Witcher 3. ty
What overlay program is that? I've been using GPUShark. 

Dying Light uses about 3.9 gb of my vram as well. That game loves its vram.
I haven't had a problem with getting stuff from Massdrop when they say I'll get it. Exception being the granite keycaps, those took forever (I still haven't put them on a keyboard yet ;x).
Can you please post a link to the one on the left monitor? 
Other than exclusives it's not better at all imo. I guess it's a little easier to hook up to the big screen than a PC? lol
Thanks for the heads up for some reason the update wasn't showing up in my About dialog. I had to manually download and update. 
Depends on what kind of CPU cooler you have, but most of the larger aftermarket ones can make it difficult to screw in the motherboard if you put them on beforehand. Examples are the Noctua NH-D14 and the Phanteks PH-TC14PE.
Damn, Amazon really knows how to tempt

http://i.imgur.com/Dfg2xS8.png
That game is great. 
I still have my 3dfx Voodoo 5 5500. 
For some reason reading your comment got the JG Wentworth song stuck in my head. Fml
You should make fun of yourself for being immature enough to think that your hobby defines who you are as a person. Now, kindly GTFO. 
Lucky grats man. That's the CPU I regret not waiting for. Definitely going 8 core or whatever is better the next time I upgrade my build. 
I got Bloodborne yesterday. It really is a fun game, but after gaming on PC for so long loading up Bloodborne felt like I was going blind. 

There's no antialiasing so everything looks like a mess. It runs at 30 fps so the motion isn't smooth at all when you pan the camera. I would love to play this game on PC if possible. It does look great as far as textures and art style is concerned, but the PS4 is holding it back in a major way. 

Just panning the camera and looking at the fencing in the first area after you step out of the house made my eyes bleed. 
I play on PC and PS4 as well. I only buy exclusives for PS4 everything else is on PC. I don't think PS4 is superior at all, but it does have some games that I wanted to play that may or may not ever see PC releases. Last of Us, Uncharted, Bloodborne, Infamous, and Final Fantasy XV to name a few. Other than that I just wipe the dust off of it every couple of weeks. 
I like your tables, would you mind sharing where you got them from kind sir? Ty
I'm using a lot, but my favorite ones are as follows (FireFox):

* [FireGestures](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/firegestures/)
* [DownThemAll!](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/downthemall/)
* [Lazarus: Form Recovery](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/lazarus-form-recovery/)
* [New Tab Tools](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/new-tab-tools/)
* [QuickDrag](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/quickdrag/)
* [RES](http://redditenhancementsuite.com/)
* [Shareaholic](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/shareaholic-share-links-fast/)
* [Tab Mix Plus](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/tab-mix-plus/)
* [YouTube High Definition](https://addons.mozilla.org/En-us/firefox/addon/youtube-high-definition/)
* [Image Zoom](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/image-zoom/)
You can if you gut the junk hardware out of the console and throw it in the trash where it belongs.
I really want to get this for my friend who is still living on integrated graphics.
Same here, I had a couple of their case fans go out and they sent them out without any questions, just wanted a receipt and serial number. 

I had a front case badge on one of the cases I bought that was put on crooked from the factory and they sent me a full front face for it no questions asked. 

I bought a Quickfire TK from them and one of the keys had some paint issues and they mailed the key out without any problems. I also asked them for the red WASD keycaps that came with the Stealth and not the TK, and they mailed those to me and the key puller even though they weren't supposed to come with the model I bought. 

I've had nothing, but good experiences with their support, which is why they get so much of my business. Pretty much all of the cases I use in my builds are CM. My current computer lives in a CM 690 III. 
Yep I used the 360 for years and switched to the Xbox One controller about 4 months ago.
I'd say Xbox One because the d-pad is so much better. I agree the bumpers on the xbone do suck, but I noticed I've gotten used to them the more I use them so they aren't as bad anymore. Comparing the bumpers on the xbone controller to the d-pad on 360, I'd say the bumpers are easier to live with.
I've got a Y570 sitting in my drawer. It died after I had it for 8 months. Doesn't turn on anymore. I guess I could do warranty service on it, but I never got around to it lol.
Hell yeah I love smashing with a bunch of other guys on my couch too. 
I bet it's set to expert difficulty so you have to keep feeding it money.
Love it. 
What mods are you using? I use these: http://steamcommunity.com//sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=170482648 
I have 435 games and the thought of manually sorting them all sounds like a task I'm not up to. Luckily I found this piece of kit: https://github.com/rallion/depressurizer/releases


That looks like a complete pita to drive.
I hardly ever turn on my PS4 either. I'm honestly only keeping it around for Final Fantasy XV. 
Most likely all of it.  
Will that skin put all of your games in categories automatically? Or do you have manually sort them?
Yep I quit when the second raid came out because it's the same ol grind fest every time. Get gear, do bounties, level up gear/reputations, wait for new dlc which makes all your current gear obsolete and repeat ad nauseum. They should just change the name of the game from Destiny to Bounties. 

What really bothered me was how fast they release dlc. I ran vault of glass for months to get all of my gear and spent craploads of time upgrading all of it to max light. I got to use it for a whole 2 weeks before the next expansion came out and made all the work I put into that gear a complete waste. 

I play WoW as well and it's similar, but at least the expansions are spread out enough that you don't feel like you're just constantly starting over. 

I don't understand why I have no patience to learn this game. I played it for about 10 mins and couldn't get past the first tutorial where they have you put in some roads or bridges or something. ;(
He probably needed 30 words or less. 
I'm going to rub this video in my brother's face. He has a $2500+ computer that he built, but still uses his PS4 to game on. He says he likes the big screen TV and the comfort of a couch more than sitting at his desk. He has a 4 monitor setup too, 3 in surround and 1 up top. Not to mention his 600 dollar steering wheel setup that he used once for 15 mins. I swear I'm going to rob his house someday and be like not like you use it anyway. haha
Just saw this post right after I finished turning all of the tanks in my game into marshmallow men.
Np
There's a bunch of them on this list although SoundSwitch seems to be the only one that works on Windows 8 (if that is what you're using). Soundswitch will actually do exactly what you're looking for, let you assign a hotkey to switch the sound source.

List: https://www.raymond.cc/blog/easily-change-or-switch-the-default-audio-sound-output-in-windows-vista-and-xp/

Soundswitch: https://soundswitch.codeplex.com/

This one looks pretty good too and it's compatible with Windows 8.

Audio Switcher: http://sourceforge.net/projects/audioswitcher/
I don't like the quesaritos either. Something about their mouth feel makes me sick. 
You should watch the movie, it's amazing. Here is a clip of what this is referring to: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AS8X2Qp_6aA
Imagine the glorious lan parties you could have in there.
Oh Yeah!
Steelseries 9HD. I have an Intel branded one I bought about 10 years ago and I still use. I don't know what they make that plastic out of, but it doesn't wear out at all. Mine still looks brand new. Best mouse pad I've ever owned. Easier to clean than cloth pads as well.
Back in the day it was always Bawls. 
Haha I remember reading that the XBOX One uses Sata II as well and that it's actually faster to use an external usb 3.0 hard drive. 
Destiny has pretty bad loading times. You get hit with multiple almost 1 minute long load times when you're about to do anything aka go to orbit, load a strike, go to the city etc. It was one of the reasons outside of it turning into a boring grind fest why I stopped playing. 
This mic is similar to the Siberia one you're looking at. 

http://www.amazon.com/Zalman-Zm-Mic1-Sensitivity-Headphone-Microphone/dp/B00029MTMQ

If you don't mind a tabletop one the Blue Yeti is excellent. 

http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B002VA464S/

It's kind of expensive, but if you wait long enough I've seen it drop to around 69.99. 
Shakes fist at WHEA_UNCORRECTABLE_ERROR
I don't play CS:GO can someone please explain why you wouldn't want to rank up?
I was using them to track console stuff for a while, but it was constantly broken. I think they got sick of maintaining it.
I'd personally go with Blues. They work great for gaming and have the best typing feel. Kailh or Cherry MX shouldn't even be a decision. Cherry every single time.
+1 for Raven. It's kind of complicated to setup, but once you figure it out it's excellent.
I have one of these: http://www.officedepot.com/a/products/436534/Realspace-PRO-15000-Series-Big-Tall/

Realspace PRO 15000 it's like a god damn bed. :)
out pops a mini-itx rig

FTFY
If it was really cheap I'd hit it up to practice delidding. ;p
I'd go with Logitech G600. So many buttons on that thing it works with everything.
I'm jealous of all you people that have Frys, Microcenter, and/or NCIX nearby. :p
Yah no idea what those guys are on about. I love Noctua fans. I went all out and completely decked out my computer with them. Silent and move lots of air.
Honestly nothing, if you're good with WASD more power to you. I just find games of that nature work better with a controller, for me anyway. I guess the controller just feels more intuitive. 

For majority of games I'm all about the keyboard, just platformers I think feel better with a controller.
When I shipped my PC across the country I used USPS as well. I took out everything and put it in my suitcase (mostly just the HSF and some cables). I took a plane so I put the video cards and hard drives in my carry on bag (security made me take the video cards out and put them on the conveyor belt like a laptop haha). They had no idea what they were.

Only thing I left in the shipping box was the case, motherboard, PSU, and case fans and zip tied some random stuff to the hard drive cage. I wouldn't ship it with anything other than Priority mail (2 days) or faster. The less time it's in their hands the better. Priority is surprisingly not that expensive considering how fast it is. It cost me about 55 dollars to ship a mid tower coast to coast.
I got 118:

http://10fastfingers.com/share-badge/1_DO
I just use Geforce Experience to update drivers, haven't been on Nvidia's website in a long time.
Yep haven't had any issues with SLI here either. Now nvidia surround gaming is another beast altogether. ;p
80 lbs if you had one of those fancy Sony Trinitrons.
Noctua master race.
Water from a spray bottle and one of these http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000XECJES/
Three words: Super Meat Boy

Good luck with your keyboard. 
F
I sat next to a woman on an airplane once that had her phone set to max brightness. I wondered the entire time how she wasn't blind. 
Hmm thanks for the response. I might just have to gamble it. I've noticed after blues get broken in that they also feel a tad too soft to me. I'm hoping the greens keep their responsiveness better due to the stiffer spring. 
I've only tried out Greens with my switch tester. I've noticed it feels just like blues, but harder to press. Do you notice any finger fatigue from using greens? If you've used Blues before, I'd appreciate it if you could please give me a comparison of what you think. :) I'm strongly considering getting greens in my next keyboard, but I'm worried I won't like it over the long run.
April 16th? GTA V and 2 days later Pok3r. Going to be a great week. ;p
This game has gotten very boring lately. You pretty much just sit in your garrison all alone bored out of your mind. My guild fell apart so I have now quit the game and have no inclination to sign back on and go sit all alone in my garrison for endless hours. 
I dunno, with all of the passion I put into the computer I feel like I'm 'making' the computer. I put blood, sweat, and tears into every one. It's like giving birth to one of your own.
Sorry with bandwidth cap I meant data cap. Comcast limits you to 300 gb/month. There is no such cap on FiOS you can download as much as you want.
Biggest reason I switched was because FiOS has no bandwidth caps. I'm a heavy gamer and it became difficult downloading games off of Steam with a constant cap. 

FiOS is all fiber and their speeds are generally faster. I'd suggest going to their website and pricing out a TV and Internet bundle. I pay around 120 month for TV and 35/35 internet. 15/3 that you're getting with Comcast is pretty slow for nowadays. I'd go check it out. I can't say what they'll offer you because their deals seem to be regional. 
This site breaks it down pretty good: http://www.keychatter.com/2015/01/30/the-vortex-poker-iii-pok3r-vs-the-poker-ii-what-we-know-so-far/

Basically:

-Metal Case
-Better programmability
-More options of keycaps from factory
-Programmable backlighting
-No Enjoy your Feeling on the spacebar
It's from the show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. It's a Netflix exclusive. I strongly suggest checking it out, it's great.
It's from the show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. It's a Netflix exclusive. I strongly suggest checking it out, it's great.
It's from the show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. It's a Netflix exclusive. I strongly suggest checking it out, it's great.
It's from the show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. It's a Netflix exclusive. I strongly suggest checking it out, it's great.


It's from the show Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. It's a Netflix exclusive. I strongly suggest checking it out, it's great.
Hell yeah. I loved listening to Comcast beg when I left for FiOS. Gawd I hate Comcast and everything they stand for.
I use SnagIt and it works great. I might try ShareX on my Windows computer.
Honestly it doesn't matter what size you get. Whatever works for you. I personally prefer 75% and smaller keyboards. They take up less space on your desk and are just more convenient imo. However, it can take some work to find the layouts that you want to work with. I especially like the smaller boards when playing games as it doesn't feel like your arms are really far apart. Full size is cool too though if you have the desk space and aren't planning on moving it around too often. 

Blues are my personal favorite. Reds are all right, but they feel soft to me. Especially when typing I've noticed they tire my fingers out because the key feels like it has no feedback. Blues have that little bit of response that keeps your fingers moving so there is less fatigue. Not to mention the sound...I could listen to it all day.  It's not for everyone, but it's music to me haha. I'd recommend getting a key tester before dropping big bucks on a mechanical so you can be sure of what you want. Max keyboards makes a really nice one: http://www.maxkeyboard.com/max-keyboard-keycap-cherry-mx-switch-o-ring-pro-sampler-tester-kit.html

I'm thinking my next keyboard might be green. They are like blues, but with a heavier press. One thing I've noticed with blues is that after a while they tend to lose some of their responsiveness. It's not jarring, but you can definitely tell when you press the keys that you don't use that often that they lose some of their bounce back. I'm hoping with the greens being a heavier switch it would help mitigate that somewhat. Of course then you run into the risk of finger fatigue. Not sure right now. I'm waiting for the Pok3r to come out. As that is the one I am buying next. Currently using a Noppoo Choc Mini-2M with blues. ;p

One thing that I always make sure before buying a mechanical is that the keys are plate mounted. Some keyboards like the KBTalking Race II are PCB mounted and it really effects the sound and how the keys feel. PCB mounted keyboards also feel cheaper than plate mounted ones. This reviewer put up some videos of the sound difference and compares the type feel: http://www.hardcoreware.net/vortex-kbt-race-ii-review/ I agree with everything he said.
Pepsi?
That zip tied CPU cooler...lol
Probably a 4 star murderer.
Cute.
Has this effected your ability to taste at all? Are you slightly infuriated that he left a bit of the tattoo on your arm?
Nope more like they never increased it. It's been 1GB for the past 1 or 2 models now. Hopefully the 6S will have increased RAM. 
My 6+ does it as well. I have a feeling we're going to have to live with it until Apple decides to ship these phones with more than 1GB of RAM. 

In the meantime it helps to close down any apps that you aren't actively using and make sure any extra tabs in Safari are closed.
If you want a Ducky I found this pretty good deal over at NCIX. It's the Ducky DK2108SZ Zero Shine. 

http://www.ncixus.com/products/?sku=95834&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;vpn=DK2108SZ%2DCUSALAAB1&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;manufacture=Ducky&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;promoid=1374

It's 104.99 for blue switches, full blue backlighting, and it's a full size keyboard. The specs say it's red, but if you read the Forum Messages the NCIX rep confirms its blue and that the title is correct, but the specs are wrong on the page. Pretty good deal. 

Kinda tempted myself, but I have so many keyboards. It's like crack once you get one you want them all. ;( Soon you'll be dropping 200 dollars on custom keycaps (I love you Granite keycaps) ahem. Anyway I digress. 
I normally get my Ducky's in the US from either www.ncixus.com or www.mechanicalkeyboards.net. 

www.massdrop.com is a good place too when they have them up for sale. 
Here is a blue g710 for 112 on Newegg's site brand new: http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16823126377. If it's not showing up when you click the link then you might have to select it. The box is underneath the price. 

Also the g710+ comes with o-rings pre-installed in order to dampen the sound. This can effect how the switch feels when you type on it as it lowers the travel distance somewhat. They are easily removed, but just wanted to let you know that it would require that extra elbow grease in case you're not a fan of o-rings. 

If switch feel is important to you I wouldn't recommend switching to a different switch to save 10 dollars. You'll probably regret it in the long run. Probably better to save up a little bit longer and get the board you really want. These mechanical keyboards last a really long time so I would make sure to go with something you are really sure about.  

Those Corsair boards you mentioned are great and loved by a lot of people over at /r/mechanicalkeyboards. Except for that subjectively ugly new Corsair Gaming logo/tramp stamp. :p
This would be better in /r/mechanicalkeyboards. Razer keyboards are generally not recommended as they're overpriced and use generic knock off Chinese Kailh switches hyped up by their deceiving marketing. They also have piss poor QC. Ever noticed how you can buy Razer refurbs pretty much anywhere? Well there's a reason. You want a keyboard with genuine Cherry switches that are made in Germany. 

Here is a good one in your price range: http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16823126299&FM=1

Corsair makes some good boards too. You can also look at keyboards like Poker II and the new one coming out soon called Pok3r. Excellent boards, but on the smaller side and maybe out of your price range. Ducky makes excellent keyboards as well, but probably out of your price perhaps worth a look anyway. I personally use a Noppoo Choc Mini-2M. 

For typing I strongly recommend a Cherry MX Blue keyboard. Excellent feedback and feel from those while typing. They work great for games too. If you want ultimate gaming performance can't go wrong with a Cherry MX Red, but it's a linear switch which means it has little feedback when typing and can feel soft. 

I really think blue is the way to go. Some people like Browns as it's considered the middle ground switch, but I own a Cooler Master Quick Fire TK with Browns and much prefer to type and game on blues. It's all trial and error, you can buy a switch tester before making a decision to see which one you like best. Which switch you like is all personal preference. 

Keyboards are kind of my hobby and I own all kinds from different brands with switches from Topre to Cherry. 

Best of luck in your search. 
And never put it in your systray again. ;(
Yes get a second monitor and set wow to windowed full screen mode. It'll change your life. 
I think part of the reason they're picky is because if you're at a certain ilvl it shows that you have experience with a fight. Having people at lower ilvls can quickly turn a pug from a quick clear to a progression raid because some people don't know the mechanics. I'm not saying all lower ilvls don't know the fight just that there is a higher chance they don't. Most pug RLs don't want to take the gamble I guess. Kind of sucks, but what can you do? 

Also it's probably stressful being a pug raid leader. A lot of times if your team wipes multiple times the entire pug group falls apart. Having people that are higher ilvl increases the chances at a smooth run with less player turnover and lower chances of your group falling apart. No one wants their group to fall apart after you spent probably 30 minutes to an hour putting it together. 

I believe these are two major factors feeding into high ilvl pug requirements. Is it absurd? Maybe Do I understand where they're coming from? Absolutely. 
I was able to find a group on OpenRaid, but ultimately finished them with my guild. However OpenRaid is a great way to do it. 
His is 5 years after medical school graduation. Instead of doing 4 years of regular residency they replace your last year with child psych and then it's an additional year after that.
My brother is almost done with residency. He's doing child psychiatry and his total debt so far is 450k dollars. 
I can't even buy this watch I work in a prison and they would never let me in with a mini computer strapped to my wrist.
My bad thought you were talking about BRF, but yeah it seems random. I had 24 heroic blackrock foundry kills and it gave me a heroic cache when everyone was saying you only need 21. I was pissed. I think those minimum values are there, but they aren't set in stone. Similar thing probably happened to you with highmaul. ;(

Something tells me it might have been because you have more Normal kills (22) than you do Heroic (18). So the game probably figured you were more of a normal raider than a heroic. Not sure.
It gives you the cache that is one difficulty higher than your current completed difficulty. You only have 2 heroic kills. You would need a minimum of 21 to get a mythic cache. 
I actually didn't transfer the data over, I just formatted and started over fresh. I re-downloaded all of my games and saved games from PSN's server (I'm fully digital). Other than reinstalling all of my games, saved games, and the PS OS I didn't have to install anything else.
Samsung Pro is where it's at.
I get that with nothing on it, but ketchup, mustard, and extra onions. Damn I want one now. 
Yep and if you get their large cheese tots that's exactly what they give you. They put them in the foot long hot dog tray and melt 2 slices of cheese on them. Delicious as hell. 
I was so painfully shy in school I actually would have loved to have that punishment everyday. I still have a little social anxiety, but I deal with it a million times better now. I've always had problems eating in front of people. 
Speaking of brown sauce HP sauce on a hot dog is amazing. Wish we could get that stuff in the US easier. 
I spent YEARS of my life playing this game. So glad to see it come back. Had some of the best times playing the CTF ladder back in the day. 
Just noticed Mortal Kombat X and GTA V both come out on the same day for PC. FIGHT!
This controller is kind of bringing out my trypophobia.
It runs like warm butter down a newborn's ass. 
Http://www.wow-pro.com. Free alternative to Dugi and Zygor leveling addons. 
Me too. I'm 100% Horde, but I always seem to root for Midwinter. They seem like the underdogs and Slootbag is a cool dude. Was hoping they would be #1. :)
Yeah I'd imagine it'll be the same scenario for 3. Who knows though. 
I've seen them on Amazon, but they're usually sold by third party sellers at higher than normal prices. I'd go through someone else like mechanicalkeyboards.com or mass drop. 
People bake pancakes? I'm more of a frying pan kind of guy. 
He or she said they would never hit 100 and not much later dinged 100. Har har
Well technically they're not wrong. I mean you're getting 6GB of video RAM. They aren't making any claims that it's all useable just that it's all there. 
Busted
I have one of these laying around that I use on all of my builds. 

http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=27-135-256&FM=1

It's a good ~25 dollar investment. Just need to buy it once, but if you can pull from another PC go for it. 
I'd recommend getting an external cd drive. Just need a cheap one that you can use to install windows on your computers and then stash away somewhere. 


This got stuck in my head immediately after seeing this post. 

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=F0cPsmAXx8s
Here's one more vote for Spotify. Have all of my playlists on there and they seem to have every single song I try to find. 
I would send them a message. My friend was able to get time put back that he never used out of his 2 month subscription.  
Sounds like what happens to my brother and I. We always buy co-op games because they'll be oh so fun to play together. We have yet to play a single game together. 
It's all right for measuring water and stuff. I don't use it for much else because you can't wash it properly. The bottom can't be submerged in water. 

They make ones where the top portion separates from the base for cleaning, I would get one of those. Although the best way to go is to just get a measuring scale. 
Haha nice going to tell my brother this one, he's an actual Psychiatrist. 
I have one of those in red. 

http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B002E1AVTI/
Amazon has it for 39.99: http://www.amazon.com/World-Warcraft-Warlords-Draenor-Expansion-Mac/dp/B00GLZQO30/

Newegg had it for 35 a little while ago after a coupon, but it expired. 
I use the TukUI client. You can download it here: http://www.tukui.org/client/win/tc2460.zip

Not sure why you're having problems connecting to the site it working for me. 
Brown
That feature is awesome for Killing Floor. 
Yeah huntermaul was ridiculous for us hunters. Almost every boss had some hunter mechanic. On the flip side I think having to do all those mechanics can help a new player improve their gameplay. 
Even if they aren't the gold making machines that they used to be I think they can still help you save gold. I have enchanting and jewel crafting and I can make those 2000 gold enchants and expensive gems for next to nothing. I also get pots and flasks for just herbing my garden with my alchemist. 

The time to go from 1-700 is pretty long and can be expensive especially if you're doing something like engineering or enchanting. So I think leveling to 60 with professions before boosting is a good idea. 
Definitely easier with a guild. You can pug your way through, but it normally takes a long time to find a decent group. You also run the risk of encountering loot ninjas, which has happened to me about 3 times now, all on tier token bosses.

An advantage of pugs is that you don't have to commit to a raid schedule as you can do it whenever you feel like it. Advantages of guilds are steady progression, no loot ninjas, no time wasted looking for a group. So yeah I'd recommend guilds, pugs if you have to or to fill in bosses your guild didn't get to. 
Are BRF caches available yet? Or do we have to wait for patch 6.1?
Nice, love the 2 person setup.
What's this desk called at IKEA?
Actually there is a reason to run normal. Second chance at obtaining tier pieces outside of heroic. Those 4 set bonuses even at 665 outperform 670 pieces in a lot of cases. 
I didn't really mind it when I just had my main, but now I have 2 alts and the thought of doing it makes me die inside. That's about 30 mins of my time spent doing garrison chores, before I even think about doing anything else. 

One alt is a jewelcrafter and an enchanter and my other alt is alchemy and herbalism. So I really need the ore and herbs because they feed my main raiding toon gems, enchants, flasks, and potions. 
I sometimes don't even need bling but I'll go out and stand by it so I can see other people. Forever alone. ;(
Lol I've had tanks do that to my frozen orb before. 
That's how I get to the entrance of blackrock foundry. I take the gnome machine at the front of my garrison to beast watch and use aviana's feather from there to fly straight into BRF. 
Hmm I have the demonology rotation figured out pretty well, but I'm still not sure when the best time to use Dark Soul is. Should I use it at pull and on cool down or should I save it for when I transform? I'm using it glyphed. 
You can still go farm out in the world. It just takes a while without flying, but definitely possible. Get Routes and Gatherer and hit it up. I used to farm herbs in shadowmoon valley and end up with stacks upon stacks when I was leveling herbalism.
I agree one of my favorite things to do in MoP was hanging out at the shrine and emoting people. Met some nice people. Now I'm always at my garrison like a hermit. Ashran is pretty empty too because people pretty much just go there for the AH and hearth back to their garrison. ;(
Most people don't like opening links containing a woman shoving a baseball bat up her vag at work.
My favorite boss in WoD so far is Imperator. I love the mechanics on that fight. 

Second favorite would probably be Operator Thogar. The trains are awesome and it's hilarious when people derp and get run over. My guild had a lot of fun on this boss. It was just constant oh shit. 

Third favorite is probably Koragh, I thought the mechanics were fun. 

Fourth, Oregorger. He can be a pita, but I love bosses that require a solid strategy. 

Fifth, Butcher and Gruul are tied. While their mechanics are boring, I always appreciate a target dummy boss just to test your dps and what not. 

Least favorite bosses are Brackenspore and Tectus. Tectus just has horrible camera angles that suck all the fun out of it. Brackenspore because the layout of the room is way too big, if you've ever progressed on this boss on Mythic and had to do the flamethrower you begin to hate it real quick. At least I did, anyway. :p
Do we have to be on your server to raid with you? Outside of mythic everything is puggable. 
The Solar Spirehawk that drops off of world boss Rukhmar looks pretty cool. 

http://www.wowhead.com/item=116771/solar-spirehawk
I'd just wait for BRF LFR to come out and gear up with that and then do the harder BRF difficulties. 

It's what I'm planning on doing with my alt warlock because, as you said, highmaul pugs are hard to find nowadays. Unfortunately BRF LFR doesn't come out until the 17th. 

I would continue to check premade finder for the off chance a highmaul pug is happening or try to find a guild that is still running highmaul. Could also always start your own pug if you have it in you. It's just one of those weird times between raid releases so not much you can do. ;(

Another option is to look into crafted and BOE gear. That could get costly though. 
Not very obvious though, because on the bottom of the left one it also says fast acting formula for irritated eyes. So technically they're both the same thing. 
Kill it with fire. 
He's the only one I have that does wild aggression and danger zones together. He's a staple for my highmaul raid missions. :)
Is there a way to increase the distance that enemies appear? For instance if an enemy is too far away you can't see their name plate. Anyway to increase that distance so you can see them?
I don't know I think it's a good idea in theory, but in reality it would be a mess. People have a hard enough time learning mechanics of one tier of content. 

Can you imagine how terrible it would be pugging every single old raid where people who have never run it before have no idea what they're doing? It would end up turning into a needless time sink that few people would put the effort into completing imo. 

I freaking loved scenarios. I really hope they bring them back, but I'm guessing I'm in the minority. ;(
I have Comcast and my cap is 300gb I think you're being gypped!
Go buy fruit? lol just made my day. 
What guild are you in? I'm in a 2/7 Mythic guild, and I transferred to Thrall with them. I've been wanting to come back to Proudmoore. ;( I'm a hunter.
That's the only thing I play on PS4 as well, but even that game is starting to get boring. It basically just turns into a giant get gear and grind bounties type thing. 
I used to have a case with LEDs all over it back in the day. It would light up my entire bedroom. It was so annoying I haven't had a case with LED lighting since. 

I prefer clean looking cases nowadays like the Cooler Master CM 690 III (http://i.imgur.com/jktIQne.jpg) that I use now. Just looks classier to me and fits in better with my office decor. 
Abort, Retry, Fail?
You can go into DBM options and load up each boss and check and uncheck which abilities you want to see and not want to see. So you could turn off warnings for DPS and healers so it only shows you ones that are relevant to tanking.
Looks like a pan pizza from Pizza Hut to me.
I know of Super Smash Land:

http://www.supersmashland.com

And Megabyte Punch:

http://www.desura.com/games/megabyte-punch

Haven't played either though. 
It's still very CPU heavy though. Play a 20 man raid on Ultra it'll bring a lot of top end computers to their knees, same thing in major cities with lots of people around. That AMD cpu probably isn't going to cut it.
Another vote for demo. I started out as destruction and recently switched to demo, wondered why I hadn't done it sooner. There's just something about turning into a demon and spamming most of your spells without a castbar. I just wish it had a slightly better AOE rotation, but still fun. 
I'm guessing you can't use Ajax to clean your bathroom. :p
My brother paid for a brake line flush once and they never did it, but still charged him 100 or whatever dollars it was. He found out because the next time he took it back to them the same guy said his brake lines needed flushed. He was like I got that done last time and they admitted it was never done. They said they would refund his money, but he never got anything. :c
Huge thread about this guy going through a divorce because his wife Jenny cheated on him. He explained his entire situation with live updates (the earlier posts are linked at the top of the post): http://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/2sw3is/part_3_wupdates_tifu_by_reading_my_wifes_text/

Pretty good read. :)
I think your pillowcase has aids. 
I don't know what part of Arizona you're in, but if you're in or ever in Tucson you should go try out Lindy's on 4th. The burgers there will give you a very delicious heart attack. 
Hah I got 2 large fries once and they give them to you in a packed 16-20oz drink cup. There was enough fries in the bag to refill both cups 1.5 times. 
Where's the pics of Intercourse Police from Intercourse, PA?
Hmm why haven't I seen that before? Apparently I'm blind. ;) Thank you.
Where does it give you a percent on wowhead? I normally go to the mission wowhead page and enter the followers there and it just shows me what debuffs will be covered, never gives me a percent. Am I missing something? Is there another part of the website that will give you a percent chance?
Looks great. I should do this. I have 8 noctua fans in my computer. :) I splurged on them after I got sick of cheaper fans making noises or breaking before their time was up. 
I agree I think you'll be fine for a while. I have SLI 770s and I'm not going to be upgrading for a long time. They play pretty much everything I throw at them on ultra settings. 
I've done that before after installing new drivers. It turns off SLI every time and I sometimes forget to re-enable it. 
Should probably note that they are refurbs.
I remember I used to try to do nunchucks as a kid and just end up beating the shit out of myself.
The ending was hilarious. 10/10 worth the wait.
That bank is a palace. 
Wait wait, you’re telling me our man doesn’t pee or poop?
Anyone know where the 17 minutes thing started from?
I think I read the cooldown on the highmaul missions is around 2.5 weeks.
Hmm I just downloaded Speccy and it's saying that my RAM is running at 798 Mhz (8-8-8-24), but task manager says it's running at 1600 Mhz. Is something messed up with Speccy, or is task manager wrong.
I don't really enjoy late night grocery shopping because the stockers are usually all over the place blocking aisles and shit. If you go at the right time though it's pretty good. Gotta find that time where it is late, but not too late. ;p
That mentality is what UBI Soft thrives on and look at the shit they churn out. I'm glad Rockstar is taking their time to polish it. 
I hope it works well with SLI. 
Going back to my garrison to run some more missions while we wait to fill. 
I've used Posted and Deliveries, both are great, but Deliveries doesn't do push notifications. 

There is also Slice, that will automatically add your deliveries, but it is kind of a mess.
Oh in that case Tweetbot 3 won't work. I don't think you will be able to download Tweetbot 2 again unless you backed the app up with iTunes. 

You could try messaging App Store support and see if there is some way they can get it for you, but something tells me this isn't going to be possible. 
Tweetbot 3 is the latest version so if you're using that then you have Tweetbot 2 plus all of the version 3 upgrades. No reason to use the old Tweetbot 2. 
He updated it to Tweetbot 3 and removed Tweetbot 2 from the App Store. You have to buy Tweetbot 3 anew. Unless you have a synced backup with Tweetbot 2 I'm afraid you can't get it again. 

Tweetbot 3 for Twitter. An elegant client for iPhone and iPod touch by Tapbots

https://appsto.re/us/TEvdR.i
Because it's egglicious?
Hopefully he gets those STD tests. Something has to be rotting after those many sexual partners. 
I can live with that. :)
Umm no way man. I'm a gamer if she can't live with that she can gtfo. Whatever floats your boat though. 

If you sacrifice too much shit you'll end up resenting the other person eventually. 
Then she obviously wouldn't be the right girl. :p
I upgraded to the 40 GB plan when AT&amp;T was having their buy a 20 GB family plan and get 40 GB instead deal. I barely reach 20 let alone 40. Unless I'm traveling then that 40gb comes in handy for spotify and tethering. 
Yep. This image describes it perfectly. 

http://i.imgur.com/nEh0Z9o.jpg

No idea why gaming has such a bad stigma. ;(
The dog looks like he's having the time of his life. 
I could never subscribe to that subreddit. I'd probably have to go on drugs and get therapy for anger management.  Holy shit that bias pisses me off. 
Yeah I bet they are sitting around watching tv or something anyway. Same waste of time different asshole. 
I've only been playing for a couple of years as well and I really only sign on for guild raids nowadays. The game is so repetitive and boring. I sometimes wonder what I'm doing with my life, but I really enjoy mythic progression. 

At the end of the day, you're right, I'm wiping a 100+ times on a boss for no good reason. I'm not even friends with anyone, but one person in my guild and I've been playing with them for a year now. -_-
I liked tier 16 heroic. Decked out in all gold made you feel like a million bucks. 
Yah I know about that, but I want it go to the comments when I tap the link. I have an iPhone 6+ and I usually browse with my left hand and it can be an annoying reach to hit the right side of the screen to go to comments. Having an option to tap the link and go to comments would help out a lot of large screen phone users. 
I just there was a way to tap on an article and go straight to comments instead of it going to the linked pic or what not first. 
Hartwyn should be fired! He or she wiped you by stepping on a mine. :p
They released retro city rampage on a disc? Isn't that game like 200 mb?
Scan + OCR + Copy/Paste and you might get it. :p
That bathroom must be owned by these guys:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTmwe4O3tss
And I thought Comcast's 300gb was limiting...absolutely no reason to have data caps in this day and age. Just corporate greed ruining all the fun.
Did you get that from the wolf of wall street? :p
Red Dead Redemption. I was right at the end of the game and never bothered finishing it.
I've really only seen them popup sporadically on massdrop (it was up during their holiday sale thing). You can get them from places like aliexpresss, but they are pretty expensive on there.

https://www.massdrop.com/buy/noppoo-choc-wireless/?mode=guest_open
Yes you open the case up on the external hard drive and take the 2TB hard drive out and put it in your PS4. 
Herpes transmission complete.
Directions right here: http://russtafari.com/how-to-extract-a-seagate-backup-plus-slim-hard-drive/

Basically you wedge something like a guitar pick in there and unsnap the case open. 
I miss the inbetweeners. 
I use this: http://www.actualtools.com/multiplemonitors/

There are other apps too like Displayfusion (you can get it off of steam). http://www.displayfusion.com/

I like actual tools better because it works with a taskbar plugin I use (true launch bar) displayfusion has issues with it. 
I got one of these and broke it out of the case:

http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16822178436

Upside you can put the 500gb you take out of the PS4 and put it in the enclosure and reuse it.
"Diverticulitis is a common digestive disease which involves the formation of pouches (diverticula) within the bowel wall. This process is known as diverticulosis, and typically occurs within the large intestine, or colon, although it can occasionally occur in the small intestine as well. Diverticulitis results when one of these diverticula becomes inflamed."

Eat your fiber. ;p
Wonder who those 1% are that are faster than that.
It's not even an advantage, the "Razer Greens" are just rebranded Kailh Chinese Cherry MX knock offs with Razer marketing. A lot of companies are switching to Kailh switches because they are cheaper for them to buy which allows for more profit. 

You get what you pay for though and Cherry MX is where it's at. Just go over to /r/mechanicalkeyboards and see all of the people that ask for help with their Razer boards, because one of the keys died or is sticking etc.
I really like this one, it's kind of pricey, but really adjustable if you need that sort of thing.

http://www.amazon.com/Ergotron-Lx-Dual-Stacking-Arm/dp/B0036RDOT8

This one looks pretty nice as well if you don't want to bolt it to your desk:

http://www.amazon.com/MonMount-Freestanding-Monitor-24-Inch-LCD-6460B/dp/B0036ISPSW
Last I heard they were going to get rid of that tramp stamp logo after they had massive backlash from the community. 

Apparently you have to find a particular SKU that is sold by Newegg.

http://forum.corsair.com/v3/showthread.php?t=132640 Maybe they didn't remove from all of their keyboards. ;d
Wait so you want a 10 dollar ethernet cable for at least 20 dollars? ;p
I use a Brother HL-2280DW (just read this model has been replaced by the Brother HL-L2380DW). You can generally find it for around 100 bucks (check slickdeals it goes on sale every few months). It prints, copies, and scans and it's laser so it prints fast. If not this model I would generally recommend a laser over inkjet.

Best advantage is that toner is cheap. You can either buy generic toner for around 12-15 bucks or get the Brother brand for around 45. Either way it'll print around 2500 sheets before running out. Can't get that kind of a deal with inkjet.
Xbox One or Xbox 360 controller. Xbox 360 controller has the advantage of being able to be wireless, but the xbox one controller has a better dpad. I'd go with either. 

I'd avoid Razer, there's a reason why they have so many refurbished items for sale. ;d It's all hype without any sort of decent quality control.
Nah I think it was mostly how susceptible it was to being attacked by viruses etc. ActiveX used to be a mess.
Never really took notice before because I use this coupled with Adibags. Adibags sorts all new items I pickup into a recent section and makes them glow and I manually mark the junk items up in that category with peddler and sort what I want to keep. 

I'm so used to doing that I never really took notice if it was remembering what I marked from other toons. I'm guessing it doesn't so you don't accidentally end up vendoring stuff that was junk for another toon, but valuable for the current one you're on. Once you mark them up though it'll remember like pepperidge farms. 
144Hz hands down. I was using a 60hz 1080p IPS and yeah the colors were great, but then I got the Asus 144 Hz and everything is so much smoother. 

I'm still amazed at how my mouse pointer looks just spinning it around in circles. You'll eventually get used to looking at the colors on a TN panel, but that motion is something you can't get anywhere else.  
I use Peddler. It lets you use a keyboard shortcut to mark items you want sold. As soon as you open a vendor it auto sells them. It remembers items you marked previously and it prints everything you sold and for how much in your chat box. Works great. 

http://www.curse.com/addons/wow/peddler
Yeah seriously us sickos want to see the aftermath. Source please. :)
You shall summit soon. 
Get better soon OP. 
I would shower myself with omelets on my eggcellent day. 
I don't understand the complaint. Who wouldn't want to have an eggcellent day?
Someone get that guy a face mask. 
Quickfire Rapid is relatively cheap tenkeyless at around 80-90 sometimes cheaper during a sale. If you want something even cheaper, take a look at Rosewill and Monoprice mechanical keyboards. They can generally be found at 75 or under. 

Oh btw these are US prices. 
I got the high maul raid plains mission and my followers must suck because I can't get anything over a 70% chance. Guess gearing through garrisons is dead for me because I suck at it. 
It's true based on current sims, survival is now outperforming MM by quite a bit.  I don't know if I'm going to switch until blackrock foundry because the stat priority for survival is completely different and I just finished gearing up MM. Sigh. 
Mythic isn't cross realm in WoD. It would be hell to pug anyway. 
Is that a cum stain on your blue shorts?
I don't know, but it makes me cringe, without fail, every time. 
I went with the Noppoo Choc Mini. When I was making my decision, the keycool was automatically out for using Kailh switches and the Race II lost out because it's PCB mounted instead of plate mounted which can effect typing feel and sound. The Noppoo is an excellent keyboard I've been using it for months now. 

Here is a good review of the Race II: http://www.hardcoreware.net/vortex-kbt-race-ii-review/ 

This is what the reviewer had to say about the PCB mounting:

"In my opinion, the combination of the keycap material, tray material, and the PCB mounting gives the Race II an unfavorable typing feel compared to other keyboards using the same switches. This is instantly noticeable when you compare it directly to MX Brown keyboards that use plate mounting – even more so when PBT keycaps are used. "
They normally put those numbers on there so you know if it's inside out or not. If it reads 123 you're good, if it reads 321 you're wrong. :)
Dem eyes doe. 
I bought the digital deluxe version of the game on PC that came with 150,000 coins. I couldn't find the coins either until I looked in the sticker packs, had to open a sticker pack to redeem the coins. Might be the same thing for you.
Melee Attack!
F
My brother ordered a grilled chicken salad once and they put on an undercooked piece of chicken. He took it back to the store, got his money back, and put a complaint in. They gave him coupons for 2 free salads. He didn't use them though because he said he was turned off of their salads for a while. 
My mom wouldn't buy them for me either. They were too much money. 

I grew up in a middle class family, living like I was in poverty because my parents were very frugal. I would get my clothes from places like value city. I later found out why when they paid for my twin brother's and I entire college education and living expenses in cash. Best parents ever. 
I haven't been to a lan party in many years. ;( I miss Ultra Unreal from back in the day. 
Pretty good, except Roboform. Damn you Roboform. :p
Or people that have crazy fast internet hobbled by stupid data caps. Damn you Comcast. 
Is that an nvidia branded video card? I've never seen those, all I ever see are branded ones like evga, gigabyte, asus, etc. 
You can also pay with PayPal if you don't want to use steam wallet. 
(and Icebreakers)
Try going to Settings>Sound and Screen> Display Area Settings and shrinking the display area?
Same here BM is my love. 
I've bought wow game time cards from them and they work great. Don't have experience with any other kind of purchase though unfortunately.
I've noticed Survival doing competitive dps as well. The raiders in my guild that switched though said it feels really flat because there are hardly any cooldowns and no kill shot. So I think the dps is pretty similar until MM gets kill shot then it takes over. It's not bad at all though considering how many heavy movement fights there are in Highmaul.
Her left arm is asking for a blood draw.
You know what's even more annoying than that beating heart? The crowd constantly cheering on Kargath Bladefist. I was about to pull my hair out during mythic progression on that boss. 
Man I hope you're right about BM coming out on top with 4 set. I love BM so much. It's bar none my favorite spec to play in this game. I'm having a horrible time raiding as MM right now. The dps is great, but it's so boring. I am always hoping for a buff to BM every single hot fix. 
Yep and because it's all in one it has less bugs. I used to run all separate addons and would constantly get LUA errors and have to reload because of one addon conflicting with another. Elvui is all tested to work together. With that being said I still use Bartender and TipTac because those addons seem to be better than what elvui implented imo. :)
I feel your pain, my weapon is the only item I have under 655. ;( Good luck. 
My guild killed mythic Bladefist and I got 691 Mythic Warforged Boots on my roll and 685 Mythic Gloves. 

I also got Bloodhoof Bull from Nakk the Thunderer. :p
I remember when I got my Super NES. I didn't even know it was out. My parents told me they went out to get a replacement Nintendo (old one broke) and the guy from KB Toys (yeah old school) was like you know the Super Nintendo is out now. So they came home with a Super Nintendo and I almost had a heart attack. I played the living shit out of that console.
I hate the plus ads. Every time I'm thinking damn my plus ran out already? 
Anyone else really interested in what the Milk Tray has to offer?
I have one of those keycaps, bought it during the last massdrop. It's horrible, it fits so loosely on the Cherry MX stem that it falls off with just a light touch. Have to do the scotch tape mod to keep it on, which is unacceptable for a ~10 dollar keycap. Potato keycap is a potato.
Not like substitutes ever teach anything anyway.
Hey I have that t-shirt. ;p Bought it off of Woot ages ago.
You found a potato!
Electronic Super Joy
I can't stop reading your comment in a Dr. Seuss voice. 
You can always use blizzard's item restoration service to get it back. They sell for around 2k nowadays. 
There's a solution to that: https://www.gourmet-coffee.com/Keurig-DRM-Freedom-Clip.html

And it's free. 
Also, please allow us to stack flasks and potions to 200 like all of the other materials. :)
Yet it comes with a suitcase? :/
Yes, definitely go BM for leveling. I'd recommend taming a clefthoof for multi strike buff. Go MM for end game for best deeps. 

Icy-veins is a good site for stat priorities, rotations, and builds. 

http://www.icy-veins.com
I'm working my way from 0-700 and am currently at 640ish so I am so happy to see this change. ~10 casts for 1 level up was turning coma inducing quick. Trying to knock out the level 3 fishing shack achievement as well. ;p
That machine needs quad sli stat.
You must be a riot at parties.

Brb moving to Utah.
Especially famous people probably enjoy online shopping because they don't have to deal with the public bombarding them.
I see what you did there.
My reaction as well. Haha
Praise Gaben!
Haf stacker for 29 AR looks tempting. 
Ooo so nice. Mine is in the fulfillment center. How was it packaged? 
And I wish I could get Heinz Salad Cream, HP Sauce, and Walkers Crisps in the US easily. ;p
I have a 4770k right now clocked at 3.5 ghz. All I really play is WoW. I raid the hardest difficulties so I need the best frame rate I can get in 20 mans in order to stay competitive. I don't want to rebuild my entire computer, but my motherboard manufacturer updated the bios to support the 4790k which runs at 4.0 ghz. I'm not too big on overclocking. 

Would you consider this an upgrade that is worth the money? Basically going from 3.5 to 4? I've seen the 4790k for $250 over at slickdeals and it's very tempting, but I'm wondering how much of a gain I'd see in WoW. My current specs are listed below. Anyone have experience with a similar upgrade and can chime in? Thanks. 

Gigabyte G1-Sniper M5
Intel i7-4770k 3.5Ghz
16GB Crucial Tactical LP Ram
2 x Evga GTX 770 Classified SLI 4GB


I switched from browns to blues and fell in love with blues.
A blade edge. That he'll use to cut a bitch.
You think it's bad under level 20, it really gets under my skin when I see a level 29 go hide under the platform on a level 24 archon priest. It ends up taking 3x longer to kill him. 
Yes. Or even a larger map that shows where we are in relation to other zones in the area. I've learned the areas pretty good after playing enough, but when I was starting out it was really annoying. Some videos used to tell me to go to the rocket yard to farm and I would go in the patrol and have no idea how to go to the rocket yard. A larger map would solve this easily. 
I hate fusion rifles, but I love pocket infinity. Just need to unload one clip into a wizard to kill it. Clears out groups of enemies like no other. Really fun to use. Really good in close encounters in PVP.
Eh? It's easy. In crucible, assists give you points too and the rest is just running strikes. 
I never pay with music, it makes it hard for me to hear voice when I'm raiding. I forgot to turn it on while leveling. :( Going to make sure I turn it on when I'm able to get on. 
And the raid helmet only drops after you have a minimum of 925 chatterwhites so there is that. 
I've actually seen the infomercial for her cookbook. Shit looks like delicious diabetes. 
Damn Cooler Master cases are the Nokias of the PC building world. Bastard just sat there and went pfft fire. 

Anyway good luck OP hope you're able to rebuild as easily as possible. :)
Yeah seriously damn you Xur. I'm waiting for an ice breaker too. I didn't have enough strange coins when it was first offered. I always feel like the bastard child in raids because I'm usually the only one without one haha. 
I would love coins. Last nightfall I got an exotic chest for a Titan and I'm a warlock. ;(
Agree 100% I have 6 chatterwhites!
With your nails...am I right?
"Yeah, why don't you two just tie your dicks together and get married?"
Brb printing fake money to shower Ubisoft with. 
He should have ran towards the back of the truck instead of out from it, but I guess in that situation you just panic and don't have time to think it through. Unfortunate.
This can't happen soon enough: http://www.fastcompany.com/3037161/fast-feed/hbo-go-without-cable-is-finally-actually-really-happening
I would just go in and clear the first 2 rooms after you reach the respawning restricted area over and over. 
http://i.imgur.com/BMtEKyK.jpg
10/10 would die.
http://i.imgur.com/K7UW7wd.jpg
I didn't like Universal Remote at all. Mine has been sitting in my vault for a while now with no love. I don't really like shotguns though so that's probably why. 
I want Thorn so bad. I was offered the bounty, but went with Pocket Infinity instead. I really enjoy Pocket Infinity, but when Thorn was offered to me I hated handcannons. However I got a TYDK recently and started using it and fell in love. It's awesome walking into a room and just one shotting everyone in the head. 
You can go in the ps4 settings and go to saved data management and transfer his save files to a usb drive and then copy them to the new console. 

http://www.ign.com/wikis/playstation-4/How_to_Transfer_PS4_Saves
The graphics are pretty acceptable. I play on a PC too and it honestly isn't even in the same league. However, playing it on a tv from 10 feet away you don't really notice all of the bad stuff like weak anti aliasing and not as sharp textures etc. 

I play a lot of destiny and it sometimes gets underneath my skin with how bad the shadows look especially in the Mars strike. It's all good though and doesn't really hinder the experience unless you go out of your way to make yourself cringe. :p

I actually prefer playing some games on a console. Especially for games that I wouldn't want to play without a controller. It's just more relaxing to sit back on a couch and play on a big screen than sitting at a computer desk. FPS I'd go PC all day long though. I play Destiny on my PS4 and miss the keyboard and mouse every time I login. I do decently with a controller, but I'm constantly thinking about how much better I'd be with a keyboard and mouse.
I think they're just jealous of our horsecock mods. 
Damn why couldn't they do this when I needed to dismantle them for the Pocket Infinity bounty. Haha
I've never done hard mode, but do the hobgoblins have more health on hard or something? I've been able to one shot them with my Epitaph sniper rifle as long as I shoot them in the white shiny part on their belly.
I see what you did there.
Pretty sure Destiny keeps its save data on Bungie's server. So he can just login with his PSN ID on his new console and everything should be there. 

Correct me if I'm wrong. 
It's very useful in Killing Zone. That game doesn't have any crosshairs.
Best Mortal Kombat too imo. Played that game until I had blisters on my thumbs when I was younger haha.
64 gb or larger for sure. 16 gb is way too limiting, you have to consider that some of that space is going to be taken by iOS as well.
The store CompUSA should have been. Wish they would build more stores.
Would also love some numbers on boss health bars as well. It shows numbers for the damage I do to the boss, but I have no idea what those numbers mean just looking at a colored bar going down. Show me numbers like boss has 2275/6000 health left.
How much more did you have to pay to do the step up?
Looks like one of those privacy screen protectors, but it's not cut for his phone.
Thank you! 
will irons

24
the fuck
I would actually consider this, but not to the scale the guy in the video did it. I can grow a beard, but on the right side there is this very tiny circular spot that refuses to grow. I would get it transplanted there just to even my beard out.
Good luck! I never get anything, but ascendent shards and chatterwhite. Have 1 piece of raid gear after multiple runs. ;p
Mother of god: http://www.costco.com/HugFun-93%22-Bear.product.100116326.html?catalogId=10701&keyword=999424
You can find their jackets on sale all the time. Such as this: http://slickdeals.net/f/7313620-the-north-face-apex-bionic-jacket-tnf-black-women-s-xs-only-59-99-free-shipping-6pm-com

Just make sure you buy from an authorized seller a lot of fakes out there.
You give people that wear North Face a bad name. :x
Eh? I didn't complain at all. Admonisher III is a legendary and does 300 upgraded. I was saying they are similar because both rocket launchers spit out bullets that track their targets.

Man all I ever get is chatterwhite. I wish it would die in a fire. 
Cap is 25K, but I'm guessing you meant there is no cap on how much you can spend and earn in one sitting. 
I don't want Truth. ;p I already have the Admonisher III which is similar. I really want an Ice Breaker, didn't have enough coins when it originally went up. 
The original Doom didn't have mouse look and it was turned off by default in Duke Nukem 3D. Unless you played some remake version of them or an expansion. 
Ocean Pacific.  Apparently they're still at it: http://www.op.com/
Because you're buying from Gamestop.

http://www.ebay.com/sch/i.html?_from=R40&_trksid=p2050601.m570.l1313.TR11.TRC1.A0.H0.XPokemon+Platinum&_nkw=Pokemon+Platinum&_sacat=0
Your luck shall turn Guardian. Believe in the light. 
Mind sharing the coolest guardian ever's name. It might have been me I ALWAYS get on my scooter and fly to the door where you have to bring out dinkle. :p
You can pretty much 1-2 shot everything if you're good at headshots. It's great fun. 
Same here I got like 6 of them today. That never happens. 
Who doesn't? You sit down, whip out your phone, get on reddit, and 3 hours later you're wondering if you ever actually finished shitting. 
Yeah I heard the same thing about their ThinkPads. The IdeaPads not so sure. Maybe I did get unlucky, but it still leaves a bad taste especially when you're dealing with a 1000+ dollar purchase. Not saying everyone will have that experience just wanted to share mine. 
I don't really like Lenovo anymore. My Lenovo Y580 died after 7 months of use. It stopped turning on. I've had 2 HP laptops in the past one is still in use after 4 years and the other lasted 7 years before it was just too slow to use anymore. 

I think Lenovo uses cheap parts that's why they can offer a fully loaded laptop for hundreds less than competitors. You get what you pay for. 
I want one and I have no idea why. 
I remember when it was up for sale and I didn't have enough coins to buy it. Hopefully it comes back someday. ;( I have 40 strange coins saved up, my body is ready. 
Perhaps he meant to say he cared and you just called him out for no reason! :p
This is kind of like how world of warcraft works too. The main expansion comes out and then they have patch updates where they add stuff and then another major expansion comes out. The major expansions always cost full price and the patches are free, but you pay for them with your subscription. 

Also those ridiculously priced vita memory cards.  
I never let strangers hold my phone. For all you know he could have run off with it. It only goes from my hand to my pocket or vice versa.
That's how I've been doing it too for years. Learned it from this guy Ian: http://www.fieggen.com/shoelace/ianknot.htm
I'm in a giant party message with my clan, and we send messages to set up raids and what not and then switch over to voice chat. The delay is so annoying trying to respond to people.
I'm in the US and I have the delay. 
My brother is a doctor and have noticed that since he started practicing his writing has deteriorated. He told me it happened because he got sick of writing. The amount of paperwork they have to do is insane, so they are constantly writing to the point where they just stop giving a shit. They write all through school, and then they have to write some more during work, it's nonstop. 
Anyone have a Steam code? Thanks.
I'm up to level 6 and there is absolutely no benefit right now beyond level 3. There is a possibility though that in the future they might offer more gear that you need higher rep to get so I would keep grinding it out just for future proofing. However, I could be wrong and it could be a complete waste of time, but what else is there to do in this game anyway.
Yep I want them, and right when I realized I wanted them Xur stopped selling them. ;(
Can have your cake and eat "it" too.
Damn didn't see the original post. ;(
3
10/10 would eat
Once you're at around level 28 it'll piss you off. The bosses take nowhere near 5 mins when you're paired with other level 27-29s unless the other people are deliberately being lazy. 
I don't see why they shouldn't put it in for people that want it, but I personally wouldn't play it. I like the frantic quick pace it has now because the enemy always knows where you are. Turning the radar off or making it reactive would just turn the game into hide and go seek with people camping all over the place. 
I've run into a bunch of people like that. I especially hate the ones that do the entire strike with you and on the last boss they think they are being really clever by hiding in a safe glitch spot while you do all the work. They'll go hide behind the crates on valus tuarc or go hide underneath the platform with the fenced in area on the boss that comes out of that egg thing on the Venus strike. I wish there was a way to kick people. 
You just have to capture. You don't need to defend them at all if you don't want to, but that might piss your teammates off. :p
If you guys decide to run the level 28 weekly heroic hit me up. I'm a 28 sunsinger warlock. I have aethons epilogue fully upgraded which should help with the void thing. I've already done the 22, but I need more strange coins. Feel free to add me on PS4 (Smurkee) just put '28 hwk' in the comment. 
I want to get a rare sparrow so I can upgrade it, but I can't make up my mind about which color I want. I kind of like the ones offered by the crucible guy better, but I don't like PVP and the thought of getting my rep to rank 3 makes me die inside.
Mostly from Punjab, India.
Looks like your teammates aren't as bad as your camera.
I thought that was the point of Garrisons?
I'd just start out with the first quest in WoD. I can't imagine there is much outside of the BoAs in MoP that you wouldn't be replacing within the first 2 levels as it is except for maybe old Heroic/now Mythic SoO gear. The BoAs aren't required to survive in WoD so I wouldn't waste my gold trying to get a Garrosh carry unless you can find a group that'll take you for free. Or perhaps go for a Normal kill. 
I didn't know marks had a 200 cap. Damn it I have 200 vanguard and crucible marks and now I'm going to have to spend them. ;(
QT... Is this in Arizona?
Damn grats man karma can be good. As for VoG all I ever get is chatterwhite and ascendent shards. 