Yes, knowing GS they were already trading and this news was simply released to try and push the markets up so they can sell higher.
Ah the pixel 2, designed with a glass plate solely for terrible aesthetics and brand awareness. Those rumors that it was to let anetnna's work better was proven false in teardowns, the antenna's are under the coating elsewhere in the phone.
Not anymore.

https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT208078
I have a similar one. I bought it for my wireless headphones that are microusb. The magnetic connector makes zero sense for usb-c device unless you are worried about pulling on the cable and causing damage to the plug or port. Also you have to pull the stupid connector out to use a cable without the adapter, and the cable is worthless to devices without the adapter. Its a very niche product.
Marketing speak 101. People point out a flaw? Spin it into why our product is great.

Let me change the scenario, your car magically automatically filled with a 30 ounces of gas per hour when parked in your garage, and you get billed automatically for the same price you would at the gas station. Would you want this feature?... Yes. 

People dont buy wireless chargers for the fastest charging speeds, they want the convenience, because sometimes they wont charge their phone at all because *sometimes* a cable is too much work.
And I always assumed they sold paste because that was a viable long term business. Selling a pad that never wears, except through customer abuse, is a horrible business choice. You get one sale once for $20 at that's it unless your cpu's get larger when you update.
When I went to AutoZone to drop off my used oil, they had this weird policy. My oil containers were clean and sealed, and bagged just in case. They said they wouldn't take the cointainers, they emptied the oil, CLEANED the cointainers, resealed them and gave them back to me.
I would've been pissed if he didn't eat it all. Here I am 7 am with only crappy food in my house and far far away from good pizza places, that aren't even open yet. Eat that pizza.
Not a comic reader but I believe he can in some series but he may be more powerful there. Also in the movies they inject the guard with iron or something to help magneto escape.
Either depending on what the creator wants.
If he plays his cards right he can also be her baby daddy.
I hope they confiscated the shoes and never game them back. Turn one into a trophy and award Bush with it at the correspondents dinner. I'm sure he would've loved it, and it would've been an insult back at the thrower, like 'the ordeal was such a joke, and your aim was so bad we are turning your shoe into a gag gift'
Reporters, innocent, hah.
So you're saying terrorists were there?
Not sure who's side to take here. Signal is trying to do this for a good reason (but keeping data private is their business), and I completely understand Amazon not wanting them to use a domain they own, but they also don't want them to use any domains they don't have permission from the owners to use, which makes sense but Signal needs to use a popular legit domain to hide their users, and if these censoring countries find out the domain agreed to it, they will just block that domain. So neither side is in the wrong here imo (full disclaimer, not a fan of Amazon anymore).

Seems like just a shitty situation for signal, maybe they can just change providers, but my guess is most large companies will do the same when they find out what signal is doing.
Yup. They purposely removed the tier 2 and tier 3 buildings from most cities and threw them into the open ground. I don't agree with that decision, but I guarantee you it was changed due to how good and easily accessible the loot was, not to make cities less dense. Because Los Leones got no major change, the most dense city.
This would be like if everyone dropped on the Eastern islands on Miramar. Honestly it would be fun a couple times but most games you die to gun spawn RNG or being 1 second slower to landing or shot in the back, not really enjoyable.
The thing is, shroud has a shit rank because he doesn't really care about winning, just making it exciting for viewers. So clearly people that are matched against him do win the games, it's not him, or else his rank would be higher. Yes you'll likely lose the 1v1, but it's one match with 98 other players, you probably won't even run into shroud, and if you do, requeue after you die and you likely won't run into him again due to stream snipers and odds. Also if they add a quality competitive system most players will participate, in wanting to climb, but here will ALWAYS be players who down rank, csgo, ow, lol, DotA 2, none of them have stopped players from down ranking or making Smurfs. So just ignore the problem as it hasn't ruined other games.
It has lost $65 billion is the last 11 years https://www.prc.gov/docs/103/103661/NTU%20Comments%20to%20PRC.pdf and losses increase pretty much every year http://www.city-data.com/forum/attachments/retirement/107219d1360269072-postal-service-cutting-saturday-mail-delivery-usps2.png which makes sense considering Amazon has increased prime users every year, obviously losses arent just from Amazon, but they are the biggest single client. Citigroup says USPS is providing services under the marketrate, and if you look at valuations of fedex and UPS (Amazons other big shipper) Fedex has only grown in profitability over the years while UPS has struggled. Also we all know how government funding works, if USPS didnt take the Amazon deal, they would have massive layoffs, as budgets would be cut, so they took the deal, because they'd rather bleed billions and tout how much work they are doing for the taxpayers, than take a large funding cut, fire employees, just to save money.

So I cant give you a quote=e that shows Amazon is costing USPS money, because thats a private deal despite the USPS being a government funded entity, but there are zero signs showing Amazon is actually helping USPS become profitable, despite being their largest client.
Yes, and salesman put their stickers on products to get commission on sales, which are obviously tracked to determine whos a good employee and who needs to have a lecture about selling more product. Microcenter is great for deals, but kinda bad for everything, and the way they treat employs and make it all about sales numbers suck. (I was a tech there, and also had to meet quota's 7 PC repairs a day, forcing AV down customers throats, etc).
It would have to be a non-CA fry's as CA tax kills most fry's deals.
You can get much better emulation on other boards, but the issue is software support for some of them.
So peter in deadpool 2?
Did you watch the same video I did? Obviously excessive force was used, but he refused to answer the door and even if they had his name wrong, he should have been able to realize that the police identified themselves and were knocking on his door. Since this was a welfare check, aka someone reported him for possibly being in a mindset to hurt himself or others, they broke the door after no response. When they located him they found him not responding, drinking water and showering, and refusing to exit the room. He then throws water on them and they do nothing, but then *he swats and kicks at the officer. So yes, he was resisting and fighting*. Now the real issue with this story is that Adam was naked in the bathtub with just a bottle of water, and several officers were there. He posed little serious harm to them, though he clearly is a bigger fellow and one of the officers looked less able. At this point I would have seen if dispatch could call a relative if they have a listed number, because there is clearly something wrong with Adam, and tasing him isnt going to make the situation easier.

To me there were 3 ways this could have gone:

Police try to contact a relative to come, while they stay in the bathroom but are as far away as possible. If Adam advances or goes for a dangerous object, then subdue him with a taser or by hand (which isnt easy). This is the best choice.

Police try and subdue Adam using their strength vs his. This is not a good choice as its a small room, Adams big and has mental issues, but if done right it can be safer for the suspect, but not the cops.

And what happened, they tased him, and he didnt comply, and lashed out, and tased him again, etc, until Adam destroyed himself in this cycle. Yes, I say destroyed himself, as he never complied or settled down at the first tasing. However he was mentally ill, so nobody knows how much of it was his decision not to comply and how much of it was his inability to comply due to mental illness.



-----

On a side note this website is bad.
>The beating was so severe that Trammell was vomiting profusely before his death

Getting tased multiple times will make you puke and fuck up your heart rate and breathing. Yes he had a broken rib, but its VERY hard to break a rib at that age unless you fall chest down on an edge, like getting tased in a bath tub, not beat.

> footage shows Trammell in the shower and in no need of medical attention

>Naked, cold, confused, alone in his own bathroom and crying for Jesus to take him

Also if the police show up and you ignore them and then kick at them, odds are pretty good you need help. While the cops didnt make this situation better, there clearly was something wrong with Adam, and he needed mental help care.

Hope you dont use TyT as a news source. Not that MSM is better, but they are extremely biased as well.
Probably even less so for your lungs.
Do you need someone to sit down with you and discuss how babby formed?
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/8dwbb3/redditors_who_got_to_live_out_a_sexual_fantasy/dxrpkjr/

This guy really is an Alpha male.
If I were the groom Id be stressed but not mad. As someone commented earlier, the ring was easily recovered according to the groom. The biggest issue is, your bride might not be so forgiving, and it kinda puts a damper on the ceremony until its retrieved.
So youll die soon? Because Martin isnt immortal or in the best of shape, and once he goes, its definitely a Martin move to not let someone else finish the books.
I really hope Hela becomes Death (havent seen infinity war so I dont know if Death is introduced). Hela is a badass, and Cate Blanchett manages to be evil, creepy, but also very oddly attractive. I really liked ragnarok, but I was so disappointed that the movie was essentially 2 stories in one, and thus Hela got less screen time. By far she was my favorite villain overall in the MCU, others were better at specific things but I really liked her.

Maybe this isnt the best decision but I would make Hela turn into Death by saying when ragnarok happened, asgard erupted into flame, granting the Eternal Flame to Hela, but not without cost. Parts of asgard are embedded into her body, giving her strength, as well as bits of other relics. She is now immortal, and can only be weakened and later killed if her physical body is separated from the bits of relics and bits of asgard
I really like Ghost's costume design. 10/10 would cosplay if i had talent.
I wonder if the TSA guy that checks your license went "And his name is .. John Cena"
Theres another picture of a guy that took rebar to the skull.
On a side note, restrain your pets with a leash that can lock into a seat belt receiver. Not only can animals disrupt your driving, but they have a chance of either going out the windowshield, or harming an occupant. Holding a small dog is not good enough either.
This guy STD's
Yeah my parents taught me to never ever be behind work trucks, dump trucks, etc because of stuff like this. Also now that I have a care I care about, I also dont want fucking rocks chipping my windshield or paint.
>Poland's current President Andrzej Duda and Jarosław Kaczyński, **twin brother of the late president and leader of the country’s ruling conservative Law and Justice (PiS) party**

Polish people of reddit, did this guy earn that position or is it just another case of inheriting power?
Looks like perfect stairs for polish people to break their legs on and sue the city.
I just cancelled, and you are free to do as you please but here's my reasonings if you care:

Amazon is definitely useful, but its become a shithole. Walmart's employee abuse, Ebays chinisium problem, Target's prices (not the cheapest), plus issues like tax evasion using luxembourg, Bezos using WaPo as a tool to promote Amazon and his ideologies, USPS signing a deal with Amazon that loses the USPS money but since its buisness it keeps the USPS going (aka tax payers are paying to ship Amazon packages), Amazon's business tactic of providing an unprofitable service due to negative margins for 5 years, to kill competitors, then increasing prices once they are at the top of the food chain (bezos admits this, and its borderline illegal "predatory pricing", the list goes on and on, even if you dont agree with all of it, there are issues you should find with them.

And even if you give zero fucks about how a company runs, prime shipping has gotten worse for me, prices have increased, customer service/policies have gotten worse, plus cancelling your membership doesnt end your ability to buy stuff from them, you just need to hit the minimum for 'free' shipping. 

I was a huge supporter of amazon when it first transitioned from online bookstore to general merchandise, but now im pretty much done. Google offers a service that lets you buy from several dozen retailers, called google express, and theres a lot of other websites out there. I dont need amazon to be my web store anymore.
I think the wifi based tplink will do this? I dont have mine in use right now so im not 100% sure.

Also, you could completely forgo automation, since you just need it do turn on and off at a set time and get a cheap mechanical plug: https://www.homedepot.com/p/Defiant-1875-Watt-15-Amp-Resistive-24-Hour-Indoor-Plug-In-Timer-White-26378/205517336?MERCH=REC-_-PIPHorizontal2_rr-_-203677447-_-205517336-_-N This is one for 24 hours, but slightly more expensive ones do weekly. Alternatively just buy a better modem?
Wasnt this before the ZTE news? Honestly if I was on the lineage team I would pull out of the project too because Axon 7 is now a dead device that wont get any more support or new users. Id only release it if it was already close to being done.
$10k for a small independently own restaurant is crippling. Like seriously, restaurants in the category I listed are already one of the highest business types to occur bankruptcy/failure. Plus the news will likely drive away customers. The only saving grace would be if the owner is rich or has rich chinese clients who want to see it stay open, otherwise most places would likely need to take out loans to stay afloat.
10k and the fact it all goes to the victim is a bit of a joke. They werent denied service, just asked to pay up front. I get treated differently because of my traits, but my reaction isnt to sue. Also this happened 4 fucking years ago?

IMO it wouldve been more fair to reward him like $500, enough to make up for emotional damages or whatever, and have a great birthday party, and have the restaurant either donate time to community service or pay like $2000 as a fine. $10k is ridiculous for what happened, and would put most independently owned restaurants out of business, meanwhile a place with rats next door just gets a health code warning and no fine.
This is such a bad taste joke, but they could turn the lights off and if they cant see you, that means your dark enough and you get a discount.
A Mexican restaurant I go to makes everyone pre pay. You might have heard of it even if you dont speak spanish "Taco Bell"
The problem is, some of it is true, while other parts are just bullshit propaganda. Obviously this becomes a huge mess, because in the public eye its all the same, and then you have studies which might be done by someone with a bias, and that further proves the bias. Also I dont exactly agree with you pointing more towards the US and white/black issue, because this definitely isnt a US problem, the story happened in canada with ethnically chinese people, and racism happens + stereotyping happens worldwide. Anyways, racism and stereotyping at BEST proves something is occurring based on numbers, but numbers dont define an individual, so while historically doing these things might have helped our species survive, I think people should be smart enough in 2018 to realize that YMMV and not to judge people by one trait.
 Your point would be so valid if you ignore the first half of it. Humans, or any animal, naturally see differences in things, whether thats skin color, accent, size, shape, hair color, smell, whatever, and our instincts have taught us to stay together with others that are the same, and be weary of things that are different.
Its almost if racism is a natural thing that is an instinct we have to protect us from the days where we were stupid cavemen. Now im not condoning racism, its just that everyone has these instincts and more, like why kids are considered cute to most people, because kids are the only way a species continues. As we humans have existed for far longer than scientists can count, we should be able to control these instincts, and subdue them or just keep our mouths shut.

The owners of this chinese restaurant say theyve been frequently victims to dine and dash crimes, so I get that this racism is their attempt to protect their livelihood, but this isnt the right way to go about it, and now they are out $10,000 and im sure plenty of people will avoid the restaurant after this incident.
I did some digging, and you are right but things get weird.

DXO mark was spunoff to be an independent company earlier this year.

https://www.dpreview.com/news/3776732295/dxomark-splits-from-dxo-labs-is-now-an-independent-privately-owned-company

However they still share the same business address, several executives, and more

https://www.societe.com/societe/dxo-labs-444777577.html

https://www.societe.com/societe/dxomark-image-labs-821245503.html

So it seems like the spinoff of DXOmark was their attempt to salvage probably the part of the company that is doing okay, and protect its assets while DXOlabs struggles and possibly goes under. So they are separate entities in legally, but physically they still share a lot, at least from what you can gather from the internet, so it will be interesting if this ever gets looked at closer by a court.
Depends on how the circle is. I've had a 1v1 where i got utterly fucked with a bad circle, I was stuck on one side of the road on low ground, and the enemy was on high ground behind cover, the circle didn't make him move but made me run without cover right at him. He had a level 2 helmet, there was no way I'd win if I used an AR and he was decent. My only chance was OHK with my kar98 after he peeked when I was running. I did it. Anyways never underestimate the power of a OHK weapon with no RNG (shotgun is RNG)
I agree, I think 3 months would be more ideal, improve the ranking system, and give prizes depending on what rank you are at the end of the season. For example, top 500 in each region (for solos only, but tpp and fpp are separate) get exclusive untradable item plus everything below (if you are top in more than one more you only get it once), top 1000 get a tradeable less desirable item, top 1% get chest and keys, everyone who plays 30 ranked solo games get a uniform (shirt pants) for that season, with a color scheme, like season #10 would be yellow, season #11 orange, etc
Chapter 11 so they arent going out of business, as usually chapter 11 means things arent so great and you are using your one get out of jail free card to turn things around before your give up. Some companies pull through, some dont. Such as toys R us, who filed chapter 11, got millions in loans, but a year later announced they are giving up and closing.

Id also remind people to be civil, you can disagree with DxO scores, but they were a business, and became the only third party to have standardized testing for smartphone cameras, that werent a typical review site. So the idea was great, though arguably not implemented the way people wanted. Also should they go under, its people losing their jobs, and I doubt anyone on this sub was screwed by DxO.
Someone can correct me if im wrong, but id assume s8's and lower have completely ceased manufacturing at this point, so unless you are buying used or refurb, its not going to 'ship' with oreo, it will have  an oreo update, but thats not what he said.
You get it, but your original post sounds like you didnt. Comparing SOT between people is dumb, comparing SOT between a user that will roughly replicate the same scenario is viable, assuming they understand some stuff. People really need to just trust reviews that replicate the same testing for each phone to get accurate representations of SOT, though those tests are accurate for their testing methodology which might not line up with your actual use.
Horrible name, but I see what they are trying to do. They built up OnePlus under the guise it was some startup, and priced the devices cheaply, and then raised prices as popularity grew. Now OnePlus is no longer the value brand that it originally was, so Realme was created to try and take that market segment back instead of letting xiaomi and huawei take it.

On a side note OPPO has discontinued manufacturing products under its own name, and seems to only want to be a parent company to these sub brands : https://www.oppodigital.com/farewell.aspx
So tempting.. but I think I can last till the note 9 or s10, which should be larger changes.
Start a twitch channel and get stream snipers with no life
This is probably different than what you're saying, but get on a water vehicle, drive, look back at the wake and open your inventory. Your fps drops by 50%
Thank you for announcing this. I was getting pretty sick of seasons ending and servers going down with a couple hours notice. The communication from pubgc has really improved over the last few months
"this put Danny Devito in the hospital, so it should work on smaller cockroaches"
I feel like animal testing is justified on a lot of them. Take lysol, let's say a consumer wants to use the product to clean up leftover urine or poop a dog leaves behind from a cleaned up accident. Wouldn't it be better to test animals reactions to it in a lab where the animals are studied and can receive treatment if there is a reaction, rather than releasing it to consumers and hoping none of their animals get sick or die?

Another example is febreze, they specifically warn you not to use it around birds, as it is toxic to them. Is it better to test it in a lab, or have people accidentally kill their beloved pet birds due to not knowing if it was toxic.

Even products that are never designed for pet use, lipstick, shampoo, diapers, there's always going to be cases out there where somebody uses them on animals or let's them eat the product.

So I support animal testing, as long as the animals are treated as well as possible, and not just test subjects that are disposable.
The thing is, Sony made the right choice. The MCU was successful because marvel go their act together and made great movies, and then Disney joined in. If Sony had the rights to all these characters, we would see films like the amazing Spiderman 2 and venom. Shit that most people don't want. Marvel successfully took some less popular heros and less popular actors and turned them into billion dollar movies. Sony could never do that.
Hey it's me, your sick and dying grandma, got any of those cute therapy puppers?
Over 10k in equipment, and OP uses a shitty desk fan to keep cool. Sounds about right.
The writers of Lost asked themselves the same question. Turns out, they chose not to pursue more bears.
Perfect time to surprise the bear with pocket sand
That picture would definitely be illegal, ala' revenge porn. If it was used in a case, it would definitely be sealed evidence. Personally I think this is a very bad idea for stormy, shes become the weapon of the left, whether she knows that or not, but neither side actually care about her, one side wants her to be proof of Trumps sins, the other side wants her to disappear. I dont know why youd put yourself in this position unless you want to be a martyr.
Thank god she didnt sleep with hillary. Or talking wouldve been a big mista--
The casing is actually the issue with this scene. There are airguns that fire essentially slugs, that are whisper quiet, and a suppressor actually makes them quieter. You probably have 6 or so shots with an air gun of similar size before it runs out of compression and wont penetrate enough to be lethal. However hollywood for the most part ignores these exist, even gun laws ignore them because they arent be definition a gun. The only time ive ever seen, that i recall, compressed air being used to 'shoot' someone is in No Country for Old Men.

To the people that say he did it to hide the evidence, a I believe even a .22 could penetrate through and through a persons skull at that range, so there would be a hole in the wall, and also likely blood splatter.
Screen, additional features that make it stand out(samsung pay, faceid, squeezable sides, etc), customer service, build quality, software, etc are all lacking from OP compared to the premium flagship devices. Theres a reason why this sub loves but also hates OP, and its for valid reasons.
Also OP is an idiot (sorry dude) for repairing things that made no sense. Its like finding your PC doesnt turn on, no signs of power at all, and you replace the keyboard or HDD. Simply checking to see if he had any signs of electricity (try turning the lights on is the easiest test), should have been step 1 in this scenario.
If she wasnt a retard before, she is one now.
>Suzuki found Onoda after four days of searching.

Sounds like he actually was AWFUL at hiding, but that nobody else really cared enough to go find this man that would shoot people looking for him and innocent civilians.
There are countless caves in this world, plenty going deep underground, if you couldnt track someone, youd never stumble upon this person unless this scenario involves people having to provide food for themselves, and that immediately ruins the game as creating sustainable food and water usually involves the sun, which then makes everyone vulnerable as they have to come out to satelite imaging, and helicopters or planes with thermal imaging.
Yeah, this question is a rather dumb one. How do you even find billions of people and confirm they are them, and also know if they have been found yet? You can say some ID tracker on their neck, but that will just lead to cheating somehow.

Also 1 in a few billion odds is fucking terrible, especially since the prize cant have multiple winners, and you are sacrificing decades of your life (because people will definitely last decades).


Ned Sharks bastard son? 
Yeah. Ive had a lot of problems in recent years, even long term issues but after countless tests im 'healthy', so now I have no idea if its mentally induced or some hidden problem nobody can diagnose. Its a mess. Also you certainly go from 'im young and my issues last 2 weeks at most and are not concerning at all' to 'well this is going to plague me for the rest of my life/is serious' when you start aging, and apparently its not just 50+ year olds that have health problems.
I dont think she full time works on tested, as shes almost never in their content anymore, my guess is shes a part time contributor and thus doesnt have insurance through them. Tested is owned by a larger company, but who knows.
There usually is some reluctance because its considered a hazardous material despite once being part of you, and most people dont ask for it, so the default answer is probably no at most hospitals. Also they dont want those weird people eating it.
LPT dont trap yourself in a corner where someone can pre spray you. Also OP please lean.
Ill play both, and only use the selection to break long streaks or if I want to play specific games on a map, or test changes. I like erangel less, but variety is good.
I actually disagree. I preferred the building layout in cities on the old patch, as I felt like each city had a good distribution of tier 3 buildings, besides maybe los leones which couldve had some removed. Now they removed them from most cities, so you get worse gear or have to drop at los leones, military, or el pozo to get geared up quick.  The addition of the new buildings in empty space is great, but I dont want to go to a tier 3 building to loot that is otherwise surrounded by open ground. It makes good cover, but casually stopping there or landing there is such a bad idea.
Bluehole is more than just PUBG (though PUBG is obviously by far their biggest asset), and they are trying to monetize it even more with skins, and probably more stuff in the future like season passes or new game modes. For comparison, GTA 5 made 6 billion off 90 million copies sold + microtransactions, PUBG has around 50 million copies sold, but at a lower price. Not sure what the deal is with pubg mobile, as tencent made it, but I forget if tencent owns the rights in china or licenses it or what, anyways that has over 10 million installs on android, no idea about ios numbers.

I wouldnt value them that high, but the valuation is going to be over 3 billion, whether we like it or not.
Known hack thats existed for awhile and been posted before. They used to be able to teleport themselves but im not sure if thats still viable or if its something that the cheat detection now bans (which is why players landing on care packages during war mode were banned, it was a way to stop teleporting hackers from teleporting onto crates in normal matches, but they didnt realize war mode would cause legit players to be banned)
I assure you the person that balances weapons (which took far too long imo, and should have been incremental changes), did not recieve $1-$4.7 million. This likely went to brendan, execs, project leads, not the employees that do the grunt work.
Nice shrub.
Should ONLY spawn on top of stalber. Enjoy your trip down, sideways.
Exactly. Its one thing to say 'the AKM was buffed' and not buff it and see if people placebo effect it because they said it was buffed. But it makes zero sense to say it wasnt buffed and buff it, because people are used to avoiding the AKM due to it being so bad, so nobody would test it. Ideally they tell the truth/get patch info right, and then sit on the balance changes until theres clearly an issue.

Because it wasnt intended. Check out the M4 spray pattern with the new grips, the AKM is too similar, and only requires a compensator. This and the fact they flat out said the recoil wasnt change, screams to me as a mistake.


It needs to be reverted, it puts it very close to the M4, which should be the best non-crate AR due to having 2 more accessory slots than the AKM. Take a look:

AK buffed: https://youtu.be/nTB0740RuSU?t=1m55s

M4 ideal loadout on test server: https://youtu.be/CiwFsMQoRmg?t=5m14s

Now Im not saying the old AKM doesnt need a buff, but it needs to make sense, which this extremely good hidden buff doesnt.
There is no way this wasnt a mistake. Patch notes clearly say no change, and the recoil buff makes it way better, to the point where it is very close to a fully kitted M4:

AK buffed: https://youtu.be/nTB0740RuSU?t=1m55s

M4 ideal loadout on test server: https://youtu.be/CiwFsMQoRmg?t=5m14s

I actually hope this does get reverted, because the AKM should NOT be as good as a fully kitted M4 which requires a tac stock and grip. They should meet in the middle, and make the AKM have less horizontal recoil, than in live, but not to this degree.
Because large recycling companies are for profit companies. Selling, parting out, or reclaiming the precious metals is more profitable than giving a 7 year old kid in africa, who doesn't have cell service or wifi a smartphone for free.
Easy just get a usb-c SSD or SSD+adapter.
Embrace Jesus and get dunked
I'd caution people not to respond here, especially if your Reddit account has enough info to find where you live or link it to social media and then find you.
Bidet's. You'd think with all the people talking about loving to eat ass it's bidet companies wet dream and time to market them to the western world.
When the government pays you to buy their car, and investors shill hard, and it has an apple-esque vibe, you don't need marketing. I am interested in being a Tesla owner when they refine self driving, but I fucking hate how much bullshit there is surrounding it see /r/teslamotors and how 99% of the posts are shills, and you know something is fishy when they even have 'investor' flairs.
Some of it. Really not a fan how their Arnold Palmer seems to be the lite version every store I go to and not the sugar version, as I like tea and lemonade but hate artificial sugar. Also I'll say this but it's pretty obvious, their sweetened drinks are loaded with sugar, and their juice drinks are all artificial flavoring. Don't get me wrong I used to buy the stuff and it still is a good deal, but they are far from high quality.
Yup. I'd gladly take a plain cheese pizza to cater to everyone else, but I am not catering to a vegan that wants plastic tasting fake cheese. Sorry, but that's crossing the line.
I shouldn't have come into this thread due to not seeing the movie yet and stupidly risked being spoiled. I am now turning back before I read any more comments, because I can't trust people on the internet :(
It's dumb to compare their skill because they are different. Fortnite is all about fast actions, and flick shots, while pubg is all about slow and steady control and game knowledge.

If you have no experience in an fps before, pubg is easier, because you can make it to the top 10 without ever firing. If you've played an fps before and have good aim and reflexes, fortnite is easier. Fortnite is simpler, and pubg is more complex. You are heavily rewarded in fortnite for mechanical skill, while in pubg you are heavily rewarded for game knowledge and strategy.
All they need to do is slightly nerf the UMP's recoil and it will be pretty balanced, with SMG's and AR's.

However I completely agree that the kar98 is subsequently too good now that level 3 helmets don't spawn in the world. My solution for this is to implement a simple system that keeps the kar balanced but not the best world gun. If your level 2 helmet has 50% armor left or more, you take 90 damage and the helmet breaks (any additional damage from a weapon will kill you). If it has lower than 50% armor, you die/dbno. Helmets get damaged, and they are uncommon but not too hard to replace. This is fair, and you instantly know what happened, as the helmet will break showing it was a headshot but had enough armor left to save the person.
If you're a regular person, nobody is going to hack your home automation equipment. The closest you'll come to it is some neighbor trying to guess your wifi password to get free internet. I'd be much more concerned if someone has access to my wifi network accessing data they shouldn't, rather than manipulating my home automation.

With that said, if you use cloud based services, apps, hubs, speakers/assistants, what you say or do is out there on a companies server, which the government may have access to or the company may sell, leak, or give to another entity. There are pros and cons to cloud based systems, for example nobody will ever put out an assistant that is locally run that is even remotely close to being as good as the big names. But with local you get better security, privacy, and faster actions.
Why does att need 3 boxes? Might move to a place that has att fiber but I assumed it would just be one decoder/modem not a pile of boxes
The Charles Xavier approach to keeping your waves contained.
I'm sure he can set it to dispense daily at a time, just not with Google home. Also it still is a bit easier than scooping food everytime and getting your hands smelling like dog food.
Mine played a Spotify song.
The Fibaro plug shows Wattage used and Kwh natively with SmartThings, other hubs are ymmv, but the data is there the only question is if your hub already supports he device or needs a handler.

Edit: not wifi, Zwave.
I don't think it's only the pricing. I think that the US gets first access to iPhones, and probably other Western countries. I remember when it was a big deal that apple even opened a store in China. So Chinese would pay local Chinese people to buy a new iPhone at launch (cause they would limit 1-2 per person), and then hand them off to the exporter to ship them back to China for the wealthy to get them ASAP, since iPhones are a huge status symbol in Asia.
The new Nintendo DS XL didn't include a charger at all. They expected you to buy one or have one from somewhere else.

While I get that cables and chargers are common, these types of business decisions are insane. Especially for Nintendo, whose products are heavily marketed towards kids.

And the environmental reason doesn't even hold up, these cable standards last like a decade, you'll probably destroy it through use before it becomes obsolete if you use the product daily. And when the cable is destroyed or obsolete, they are insanely easy to recycle (physically), cut the ends off, separate the rubber from the copper or aluminum, and you're done. The biggest issue is that it's kind of hard to find places to recycle them. Most technology stores like staples, bestbuy, seem to have drop offs, but recycling companies should make it easier. Like once a month put out a cardboard box with unwanted electronics, and they will pick it up. Because nobody really wants to go to the store to dispose of their trash, a cable, or a heavy junk PC.
Not following the S7, but a solid line down a display that never changes location or appearance besides on or off, is usually an issue with the cable from the board to the screen, either it worked it's way out of the connector or  got damaged
I feel like OP is making a mistake with their pricing/specs these days. They definitely do not compete with the big boys when you look outside of the SoC, ram, and maybe storage speeds. With ZTE going under, and OP already having strong support in developing countries like India, why not keep the price stable, around $450, and dominate in value, the original reason they became popular. I think raising the prices alienates there biggest fans, and they are giving up territory that Chinese manufacturers like Huawei and xiaomi will gladly take.
I don't agree. But I do think people should differentiate between product classes.

The word Flagship comes from the use of the best ship in the fleet carrying their flag, basically a showboat, pun intended.

So by definition since OP only makes one line of phone these days, the OP6 is the flagship. It also has some core components that are identical or better than flagship devices from other manufacturers, but also some that are clearly worse (camera, older screen tech, etc).

You can have a flagship device that is mid-range priced, but that doesn't make it a midranged phone. As you can see the use of terms is all over the place as people could never agree if they are tied to prices or features.

To me, stuff like the iphoneX, note8 or S9+, those are PREMIUM flagships, devices that usually cost more money but see the best of the best technology. Then you have flagship devices, which are usually following the standard trend of 4Gb, latest SoC, great screen, very good camera but not the best. But it still makes things fuzzy, is the pixel 2 XL a premium flagship or a flagship? It has one of the best cameras, and software, but the screen and quality aren't premium.


TLDR; This is a stupid argument, at the end of the day if you win or lose the argument, nobody cares. We all know what the terms roughly mean, and the terms don't define a phone the actual specs, features, and price do.
For the few people that have Oreo (Ldac codec added) and the fewer that have a Sony Bluetooth headset, does the Ldac codac on optimized settings sync well with video? 
Yes. However I do take issue with reposters who will see content rising in one sub, then repost it in a larger more generic sub (like /r/pics). People will probably disagree with this, but if it's the same link or image of content posted in the last week or so, it should just crosspost, and give the original poster the karma. It will also help prevent people from having identical conversations as ones that already occured, or straight up stealing top comments for karma
You completely disregard that you bought them because they are spheres, and require vastly more expensive machines to manufacture and are less resilient to warmer temperatures. 
Beautiful work but awful to actually use.
Same. Unless I go to bed starving, I really don't want to eat in the morning. Liquids are fine, but I feel like they go through me fast. Food on the other hand gives me the feeling you get when you've eaten way too much food and your stomach and intestines hate you.

So my body hates eating early, also I'm not a huge fan of breakfast foods (yes I know boo me), but most of them are just sugary carbs, involve eggs (which I don't like as a dish), sausage gives me the creeps, and bacon is great, but it's like sheet cake to me, a few bites is great, and then it goes down hill fast. My ideal breakfast foods are like a fruit salad, yogurt and granola or cereal, or maybe waffles, crepes or french toast but those can be heavy which again, I can't do in the morning.
Looks like everybody knows and is giving them plenty of space before they start stoning them
The problem is we all know this game teeters on a pile of crap. They got rid of most of the hackers, but now we get stutters from the xign code to keep cheaters out. People wanted better graphics, but now the LOD they use causes popping. Everything they do comes with a compromise, because the game was never expected to take off, and thus they cut corners, and now those cut corners are the foundation of the game..

Though I do think the next push should be for optimizing and polishing the game, rather than more content.
You can get the sony WH1000XM2 for around that price. Which are considered the best or second best ANC headphones on the market, but YMMV and you will have to do some work. Target has them on clearance for around $100 at very few stores. The odds of finding them at your store, on clearance is very low. So you need to have a credit card that will price match/price guarantee. Then use that to get the money returned to you after the purchase. I did it, and the only con was I had to pay tax on the original price, of around $350, so 350+ 10% tax (ca)- credit card match= $140ish after it. You can find more information if you look on google 'target clearance WH1000XM2 price match' probably.
Checked out an official LG video and it is pronounced 'thin Q'. However there is no way it's not a play on Thin and Think. I think the name is awful, though.
Dual speakers are better, but we all know size actually does matter in audio quality. But there are plenty of people who want the best audio, without an accessory. Like sometimes I use my phone to play music while I'm in the bath. Could I get a Bluetooth waterproof speaker or headphones? Sure. But it's not worth the hassle. For PC use it's a different story.
You are one of the few people. Most of us on this sub are burned out by LG devices seeming like solid competition for Samsung, and then falling short when people actually review or use them.
The app store wars pretty much killed off any possibility of a third contender for smartphones. Which is why Samsungs tizen, once pitched to fight Android, is on a few budget phones and some markets with terrible app stores (smart watches)
Since these threads are always full of people that ask for phones that can't physically exist with our current technology. I'd like a phone that makes me immortal and also sucks my dick, that would be nice.
Meme aside, this is probably true. People that buy $100 smartphones are not people that will have usb-c headphones anytime soon. It's the same reason we see so many Chinese phones with IR still. Western countries have moved to BT or wifi direct, which cost more, so if you are buying a budget Chinese smartphone, you likely have older devices, like IR window AC units, IR TV remotes, IR speaker system, etc.
Unlikely anytime soon. Nand prices have risen due to several factors, it's actually surprising that Samsung released the S9 for less than the S8. Also at 8 Gb we have definitely exceeded most use cases, only a few scenarios like very high damand games, or offloading high res video to ram for it be a buffer for the slower storage.

 I'm thrilled we are seeing some 8gb adoption by major players (again, Samsung) and not just fringe companies like OP. Because like we've seen with PC's and the early era of phones, people say X number is all we need, then in a couple years they were clearly wrong. However smartphones are a bit more tricky, as they are more closely related to laptops, so we run into issues with thermals, which also deals with size, and efficiency. At 8Gb, we will likely see another plateau, as we wait for SoC and God help up, battery tech to catch up with nand density and production.
Considering you can just get a short desk and prop it up to make this happen, and it's Amazon, known to astroturf, it probably is, and if it isn't it's still not a good post.
The last season was disappointing as it happened but looking back, the series was seriously flawed. I was young when it was airing, so the worst part of the show was actually my favorite, the bullshit cliffhanger mysteries. In retrospective, this was lazy writing to get people to tune in, even in the first episode they pull it with the smoke monster, then later the hatch and the man within it, and he list goes on and on. Obviously some of them were good, but many were left unanswered, or replaced with another mystery as soon as the old one is solved. The best part of Lost, was the characters. Everyone had a story, a personality, a destiny. If the writers had trimmed some fat, and made the plot simpler (see Westworld, where there is some mysteries, but most of them aren't bullshit, and there's only a couple major questions to answer) I think Lost would've ended with most people happy, but for me it definitely soured after it ended.
She's also insane. She didnt realize she was pregnant until 6 months in. was having contractions at the airport, and decided to go to a hotel and do it herself, with things she had around her. 

It's one story to give birth at home, plan for it, and have sterile equipment and extra stuff on hand. This woman literally was using whatever she could find, alone, with no idea what the emergency number was for that country, or no one knowing what she was doing. She could've died or killed her baby.

She 100% should have said something at the airport. They have EMT's that sit around waiting for stuff like this, with sterile equipment, and access to emergency vehicles if they need to transport you to the hospital.

And for those who are saying she saved money. She was visiting another country. Its not the most ethical thing to do, but she could've left the country if she was billed and couldn't pay and nothing bad would've happened.
Take the $10 million, buy ear protection, then rent an anechoic chamber, then buy $10 million worth of gold, and chill for a bit until he's done talking.
Good, but 70% of his kills are stream snipers that either play like shit or just throw themselves into his bullets because they get off on dying to him.
Yup, its childish and just fans the flames of the loyal listeners, while everyone with half a brain knows how biased she is (not making her special, as most of main stream media is fucking horrible).

The infographic she uses to show the location of other luxury hotels is deceiving, as there are literally other big named hotels much closer to the Trump building, marriott, hilton, holiday inn, all within 1 mile of it. And while the Trump location isnt the best spot, you cant just point out a building and say 'why is it here and not there', bitch, hundreds of millions of dollars go into projects like this, real estate isnt free, and you dont get to choose wherever you want. Its like saying I want to live in san fransisco, with an ocean view, 1 bedroom and garage, for $1000/month, NO, you'll be lucky to find any apartment in the bay area for 1000/m, you dont get to choose where you want to be at that price.
Not near anything? I looked at the map below and you can still literally walk to the water, its literally only 1.1 miles away, and half the hotels near the water are right next to the shipping yard. While I dont live there or know the prices or quality of each hotel, I think its a bit much to slam this Trump hotel for not being on the waterfront. Because the property owners clearly know that, and for all we know the property prices are 5x as much on the water, leading to a much longer ROI.

Thats such a shallow thing to attack him on. Complaints and concerns over things like his arrogant selfish behavior, or possible collusion, are way more important than how good a hotel that licensed his name is.
Also that just because a service sounds like you don't need it, doesn't mean there isn't some functionality from a completely different feature that ties into it. For a theoretical example, if you remove bixby services it might crash the camera app as that ties into bixby. I don't know if it's will or not as I don't have the phone, but back in the older days you definitely had to be careful of what you removed as Samsung features were all intertwined into a mess of services.
I'd pay $100 for a dead space 4, even if it was only as good as the third one. The series was something special.
Haven't played each game since their releases, but I don't remember it being that bad, just slightly awkward. However the aiming on bioshock the original was good awful, like someone who never touched a mouse was in large of the sensitivity.
6 months? You must not have enjoyed the game. When I realized I had to go back to the ship I got hard.
Play it on the hardest difficulty you can. It really adds to the the horror theme if you're actually challenged in the fighting, and not just shrugging off enemies with endless ammo and health.
The hardest difficulty is slightly challenging for a veteran for player iirc. But I definitely would recommend players play the hardest difficulty they can, as it really makes the survival/horror/action genre feel a lot more intimidating when you can't just laugh off enemies and miss a million times.
I miss the dead space series. It was a series that truly did horror/action/shooter well. Now that the studio that made it was bought by EA and then dissolved, the series is likely to never return, though I think it was Microsoft's Xbox president said it was one of his favorite series recently, so who knows. I'd love it to return.
If we are include fictional characters can we add general iroh from avatar the last Airbender?
Arrogant, douchebag, etc. You can kinda get the vibe from his scripted tv content, but I never really realized it until I started reading his social media and stuff. He's definitely not someone I'd want to be around or listen to his opinions.
Yeah, I was really into his work and then social media happened and he went from role model to talented person with a toxic personality, so I pass on content with him. Shame, as good eats was amazing.
Can I just nominate 'most moms'?
You're right about Alton Brown, he isn't. He used to be my and my best friend's favorite chef and have a great show, but now I dislike him. He as an arrogant personality and can be a real asshole at times. Obviously he's human and everyone has their issues, but I went from looking up to him to feeling disgust when I see him. Definitely no longer someone I look up to.
Before insurance though, and since you can't be denied coverage for existing problems... It's not that bad anymore. Yes the system is still fucked up and we still pay way more than we should, but it's not impossible. Also worst case scenario is you declare bankruptcy in an extreme situation.
ER can't deny you service and the hospital is required by law to help you. This is why some people are mad, because homeless people, illegal immigrants, etc will use the ER as a regular doctor's visit since they know they won't be billed, as they have no residence or will just dodge the payments.

However if you are poor with no insurance getting a new organ is rare. Because that's a long term issue and you will need to be put on medications daily and go in and out of the hospital often. It's like giving a puppy to someone you know can't afford to feed the dog. Obviously this is a bad situation, but the reality is organ matches and donations are not common, people with some money can clearly afford to take care of themselves, and thus are better candidates for transplants.
How do we know that's you and not the person that the heart belonged to? Since we all know he heart is where the soul is kept.
So you get it on day 5 and your box has been beaten to shit.
Also try to take it with a meal. Ibuprofen is my pain relief of choice for bad headaches, but like you said, it will fuck up your stomach and even cause bleeding if you aren't careful
Not wasted. She could legally buy other medications that are similarly effective. This would be like if you hurt yourself, went to the hospital to get opiate based pain relief, and they gave you aspirin, acetaminophen, or ibuprofen instead. They still work (though in this example a bit worse)
Honestly I'd like to see drinks and caffeine supplements above a certain dosage be limited to 18+. You can really fuck yourself up if you take too much caffeine at once and you have a risk of fucking yourself up if you consistently take it. And caffeine is one of the most abused 'drugs'.

Plus why do kids under 18 need excessive caffeine? It's usually around college when people start getting overloaded with stuff, school, work, and partying I guess.
It's 1 minute and they removed guns to make it lag less. DM would add more lag, no thanks.
I wouldn't want landmines because it feels bad to go from full health to instantly dead, and I don't think we need any more of those in the game.

HOWEVER, I have always thought that spike strips or those ninja spike things you could deploy would be a decent addition. That way at most your enemy loses tires, control over the vehicle, and maybe takes flip or collision damage depending on what happens. I think it's balanced enough as is to be implemented, the only potential issue is the two Erangel bridges, but bridge campers always exist there, so I don't think it would be much worse, and there are plenty of boats.
The kar98 will definitely stay, removing level 3 helmets from world spawns just made the kar98 even better. Equally skilled players one with a DMR, the other with a kar98, the kar user will win assuming cover is involved, as it's OHK vs 2-3, and you can easily dip behind cover before the recoil resets on DMR's. HOWEVER, DMR's are better in their own regards now, and are more viable for attacking moving targets. 

If the level 3 helmet change is reversed, we might see the kar98 lose popularity (good thing).

As for the M4, I assumed this would be the case but haven't played enough of the new patch to see how viable other guns are, as the UMP might start to creep up.
There are definitely things in this patch that need to be fixed, including swimming, but a huge nerf to swimming was very much needed as any decent player could tell you that being under water was essentially being invulnerable.
The DMR's are in a weird spot on the test server, removing level 3 helmets from world spawns has SIGNIFICANTLY buffed the kar98 and m24. You can now one shot like 93/100 players in that match. So playing the peeking game with a DMR vs a kar98 is a losing battle. DMR's are obviously better for long range moving targets, but if they are moving, they aren't fighting you.. when they do stop to fight, you'll want the kar98.

I kind of want the level 3 helmets back or... The kar98 to do 99 damage  headshots to level 2 helmets. 

Because honestly despite the large buff to DMR's and nerf to AR's, the kar98 is now the best world gun due to the level 3 change
I'd be fine with that. As neither gun is very common, you'd have to use other weapons till you found them. And the vector does have a clear downside of a lower magazine even when extended compared to other guns, meaning it's worse against vehicles and squads.
Same. I think 6 grips is a bit overkill. 4 is ideal. I would have much rather have had more unique items, but now that I think about it, for an AR I can't really think of attachments that would be cool add-ons (I don't think bipods are a good idea, as that would involve retweaking all the guns), my initial thought was a grenade launcher, that literally just launches your grenades farther, no special round, no impact detonation, simply further distance. I mean you can say stuff like laser, flashlight, but those really are worthless unless a night theme happens.
Htc Evo 3D. Think about it, HTC in their prime, just coming off the first Evo phone, which was one of the best on the market, what could go wrong? I waited in line opening morning for it..

And 3D was a gimmick I fell for that had made the cameras worse, screen worse, and battery worse, and at the time HTC was also involved in the carrierIQ spyware.

I'd say i had a worse experience with the S4, but I was more disappointed with the Evo 3D, as I had high hopes for it, and was really let down, and I stopped caring so much about phones at that point.
Or just buy wet wipes or whatever and when they are used up, put your stuff in the plastic case...
Yeah, and there are bigger badder implementations than this, one company has a bunch of them that daisy chain together and it turns into a giant bill board sized display.

Also these are a nightmare to use, the display is made up of fast spinning blades of LED's, so it's not real 3d, and you'd have to put it behind glass to keep idiots, debris, high wind and rain from interfering, defeating the point. Basically needs to be indoors and mounted high, but I'm sure some jackass will throw something at it eventually.
Like some kind of suicide squad?
If you're going to keep them behind glass, and you obviously don't use them all often, these could be membrane keyboards for all you care!
I disagree it looks pretty tropey. I guarantee you the older brother manipulates the kid into using the gun to do illegal things, either get the money he needs or scare of the gang. Then the kid will find out, they will fight, but the kid will forgive his brother and go save him/protect him. Honestly the sci-fi part doesn't seem to match the movie at all. It seems like just a side story to explain the tool (gun), when it could just as well be a genie, super powers, whatever. The effects look pretty basic too, I'm sure the budget was low, and they better hope it was because I guarantee it will bomb at the box office.
The problem is $2 turns into $4 turns into $10. People forget when prime was almost half the price it currently is.. yes they're adding new features, but I really don't care about them.
Really, you are going to talk about 5% cashback at whole foods? The mark up of most things at that store is ridiculous.
Yes. It's called ebooks and since Amazon basically owns the industry, they dictate general prices. People forget Amazon was an online book store first, and are the largest book, ebook, and audio book 'distributor'.

Even if you don't care about that, let's talk intellectual property. Walmart is an that buys product from manufacturers to sell them. Classic distribution model. Amazon is simply a pass through, they don't own most of the merchandise, they just facilitate the shipping and sale. So guess what? Chinese factories use Amazon to peddle products that violate copyrights, trademarks, you name it. Obviously you don't see fake 'Raebans' 'yezy' and shit, but T-shirt designs, logos, patented designs, you name it, someone is selling it on Amazon illegally. BUT since Amazon is only a pass through, after a few months of dealing with their legal department, they will close that sellers account, and the seller will make a new one. No justice.

Also Google 'amazon counterfeit Apple cable'. Since Walmart sources products directly, they are genuine. Amazon will take from any supplier, and have been caught numerous times peddling fake items that passed their minimal scrutiny.
How can they even determine safe hearing volumes? If my speakers or headphones are potatoes and arent efficiently driven, how can they say its unsafe when they dont know the actual db? 
Depends on the bulb it takes, but the likely answer is no, unless you want to deal with splicing into the wiring. A solution that would probably work easier is to take an LED light strip and string that up under the hood, but youll definitely need to do some research, the light strip most likely wont mind the heat at that distance, but assuming you use the adhesive backing, the combination of heat and steam will likely cause a problem for it.
Erangel definitely has a loot problem though. They should add a few more tier 3 buildings scattered throughout.
US severs down too.
Point A is so true. I live in the US, like most people on this sub, and I tried to convert a few people to Allo from whatever app they use, all of them declined. I played with Allo for a bit, alone, the app isnt bad, its just lacking a bit, but the biggest factor IS nobody used it was because it wasnt a unified solution. Chat with RCS, should be winner in the US, like imessages is.
I was getting shot by a vss, I only had an iron sight M16, the person was very far away and I really didnt know exactly where he was, just the general direction. I shot a shrub a few times before i gave up and just went to go search for him. Stupid bushes in pubg that look like players.
Same deal with Golden's. If you have a dog that LOVES to swim you should buy a life vest for them. That way it's near impossible for them to drown (from swimming too far and getting tired) and most of them have handles to easily pick the dog up out of the water.
He was paid very generously to do this. The NFL has been under huge pressure to acknowledge and fix the sport, instead of just letting players destroy their bodies. It's one of the reasons the XFL is coming back, Vince wants to capitalize on the NFL's failure to address safety and let political drama run through the league.

A player with a knee, leg, arm, whatever injury is only on the bench till it heals. There is zero reason to push themselves until they are ready to play, and doing so might make it worse. While the guy in the OP will only get paid from insurance, whatrver his contract says and from doing appearances like this for PR. He will never make money from playing again.
I actually think it's better if he doesn't. America is pretty screwed up right now with people trying to tie him to the Russia hackings, trying to discredit him with stormy daniels, etc. There are a lot of people that HATE Trump, and people that LOVE him. The Nobel peace prize would only stir up more shit. If he really was influential in this (besides the threat if war and sanctions) I'd rather see Korea thank him, send a gift to Washington or NYC, or maybe be a part of a unification statue in Korea or something. Personally I don't care how he's recognized, I just don't want a good thing turned into more bullshit.
Is that the hotel with the empty floors or the fake supermarket?
Not trying to get political here, or claim I know Trump did or did not do stuff, but it's been quite clear that the NK issue was a large part of his presidency so far. Kim obviously pushed, but the Trump admin pushed back. While other administrations were more laxed on the issue and just let the problems build. I also think that the joint strike on Syria was another pushing point against Kim. Signifying that countries are willing to work together again to stamp out crimes against humanity, and Kim wasn't far off from getting his own strike.
It usually was considered meta by most, as the next best gun if you couldnt find a 5.56 AR. Obviously I get that youre saying its even better now, and it is, and AR's are worse, but I dont think its taking the crown like the M4 did, it will likely be more personal preference now, and BH could easily fix that by restricting it to sights 3x and under, making it worse at mid range.
Can we get lootable better iron sights for the uzi and scar?
Adding more tier 3 buildings doesnt justify the losses though. The reason you would go to valle del mar, monte nuavo or even a better example el azahar, is because you could hit up two tier 3 buildings right away, and then loot the rest of the city for health items and attachments.

Now the replacement tier 3 buildings seem to be put in open ground, you will never want to run to them, and if you drive there and someone destroys your tires/vehicle, you are pinned down, as there are no adjacent buildings to run to.

Personally I think only el chozo, and el azahar shouldve been nerfed, but by half the amount they were. I also think los leones shouldve gotten a nerf (has the most tier 3 buildings in the game), and pecado shouldve lost its stadium/ring and maybe remove hacienda. I know people wont like that, but those changes WOULD help the midgame.
I completely agree, as a top 200 player (when I care about the leaderboard). Take Valle del mar, it had two tier 3 buildings, making it a good place to drop solo, youd get your chance at a handful of endgame gear, and be able to stock up on meds, and competition there was slim. Now with the removal of the concrete buildings, you are more reliant on more RNG/driving to check further tier 3 loot. Same deal with chumacera.

It seems like now the good dropping areas are only el chozo, los leones, and military. Because the alternative is going to a shit city, getting bad loot, and then driving and stopping at a single tier 3 building in the middle of open ground, which is a really bad idea.
I agree, those cities got huge nerfs, while los leones got none? Yet los leones has the most t3 loot on the map, excluding military. This will definitely change where I drop, but I dont think its an improvement. The added roads and stuff are nice though.
I agree. Valle Del Mar was rarely dropped at, and really only had those 2 concrete buildings making it very bad for squads trying to gear up compared to other cities. I dont really get why they would completely nuke del mar and el azahar, and leave places like los leones, which by far has the largest amount of concrete buildings alone.
In a world made of digital bits and bytes where people go to have fun. Maybe gameplay balancing>realism, or do you want to get heat stroke, hunger, thirst, have one life and then the game is removed from steam, etc.
I feel like it should have better acceleration, it seems to take pretty long to get going for a muscle car.
Could just be the controller was left in, many people have this if they use the controller for other games, you can still play on mouse and keyboard with the controller plugged in
Which is a pretty good change, as SR attachments had stupid rare drop rates, so you could fully kit multiple M4's before you could finish an SKS.
Are we sure this isn't just a screenshot from a porno?
I played with this guy, he called me a bitch :(
Actually the dog is light sensitive and had a seizure due to looking at the sun. The owner pulled the dogs tongue out so he wouldn't choke on it. Also this is a lie, cause internet, and it's not even funny :(
Am I an evil person for wanting to boop the snoot, or grab the tongue?
I agree with the second part. Someone else said justice was served, but to me it really wasn't. Cosby raped multiple women and did so for years. They felt they couldn't come forward due to his power, so it kept happening. Justice would've been one victim and then him being found guilty.
I got Affleck, who groped that interviewer. But that's different. Also he came to the graduation because he befriended a special needs kid.
I highly doubt it. Cosby seems detached from reality, still making dumb statements like he did when he had his show. He will likely get sent to a nice prison and get his own private cell with tv and other benefits. Plus he raped a lot of women, he didn't do it once or twice, there clearly was no guilt. If he was going to kill himself, the time would've been when the charges were filed, that's when we all knew the outcome, but he could've dodged the guilty verdict by killing himself first, maybe even being psychotic enough to leave a note saying the false accusations (they aren't) deeply hurt him and he couldn't bare to know people would lie and target him. People would remember him more for the suicide than the accusations, like Nixon and his resignation.
I'm going to bet you and I get downvoted but taking this discussion outside the Cosby case, I agree. 

It's very concerning because people of power get more influence than a normal person in court, which goes both ways. You have scenarios like this Cosby case, where the accusers basically didn't report it until they got together due to Cosby's power, and scenarios like arguing a speeding ticket where a cops testimony is more important than your own.

Evidence, is the equalizer in court. Otherwise it's just two people saying they are right, and the judge will either side with the more powerful person or throw out the case.
I'm glad too, but I feel like it's not justice. Cosby ruined a part of their lives, and got away with it for years. If he wasn't who he was, the bastard would've been in jail years ago and with only one victim. 
Maybe mixed with alcohol? I believe drinking increases drowsiness of the active ingredient. But who knows, celebs have access to pretty much any medications they want, so it could've been anything if he was lying.
Don't be terrified, it's completely out of your control. The only difference between suicide by train vs hanging, gunshot, poisoning, etc is that this person was selfish enough to make random strangers watch it. And I say selfish because ive been severely depressed in the past, and if I ever went down that route (please don't contact me, it won't help, I'm doing the best I can) I would leave a 'im leaving don't look for me, I want to be alone' note and go off into the woods, trying to cause the least harm to others possible. So seriously don't worry about it, even if it happens to you, it's no more your fault than selling rope at home depot, or gas to someone that will use their car to CO2 poison themselves.
Lucky you. Where I live trains are required to honk their horn whenever they cross or reach a stop. Since a stop is right by where I live, we get honking very fucking loud all day and night. The horn exceeds the cities noise ordinance, but the city doesn't care because the railroad pays them, and the city refuses to put in the safety measures to allow the train to go by without honking. I am moving asap, because fuck this place.

I am CONVINCED the train horns cause more damage to people, through stress and lost sleep than the save lives. Most train deaths are suicides or derailments, not accidental hitting of people or stopped vehicles. And most stops don't have deaths for decades, while the horns affect hundreds of people daily.
Also for those who are idiots like me, the second image isn't the woman jumping in front of the train. It's a train worker running in front of it, after the incident occurred. You can tell by her vest, and there's another person in the background with the same vest, and no train driver.
Or Ant-Man which will have 2 movies soon. I find it very weird they gave him 2 movies but treat him as a background character in avengers stuff. Meanwhile Scarlett Jo, one of the most bankable actresses right now still hasn't gotten a solo movie and it may or may not even happen.
I really like these too, remember the GotG music video with hasselhoff?

Anyways is it just me or am I the only one confused why the hell is falcon in this? I wouldn't even consider him a B tier character in the MCU, yet they disregard hulk (1.5 movies), Ant-Man (2 movies..), or more important side characters like fury, or warmachine
Probably the part where they apply the scarring or whatever it is, the red stuff. In this clip you see that it's all done before hand and slapped on. In the first film they might have done each piece by hand. Still an absolute nightmare as it's 2-5 hours of standing still not allowed to do much, then you act, it all has to come off, and depending on the prosthetics, some need to be carefully removed to be saved.

On a side note, It's kinda funny how Andy serkis complains about how hard his work is and how he and other mocap actors are underappreciated, yet you have actors like Doug Jones (shape of water, hellboy, etc) that pretty much exclusively do full makeup roles, he gets less recognition, can't rely on cgi to fix his work, and probably has the longest days on set. Mocap work seems like a dream job in comparison.
Maybe I'm cynical but this isn't a perfect fit, they are two circles, and they fit closely but there are quite noticable gaps between the two. If these items were related maybe that would help justify the loose fit, but yeah, nothing but dick jokes.

Edit: for those that don't see it, zoom in, only like 20% of the ring even looks like it touches, it's held by gravity not a snug fit, if you turned the speaker upsidedown the ring would immediately fall off, there isn't any friction holding it.
The fact that Adam posted this at midnight in LA, and apologizes for an outage of under a day for a channel that runs rerun content, is proof Adam cares about us. 
Probably better journalism than Fox and CNN.
The first bear got a membrane keyboard and said it was too soft.

The second bear got a concrete keyboard and said it was too hard.


The third bear got a mechanical keyboard and said it was just right. But now he's become a keycap addict.
Large amounts of barista made coffee consumption also leads to a minimalistic lifestyle. Same deal with avocado toast.
I'm not a huge fan of homestyle or whatever they are called potatoes, but that steak looks so fucking good. Especially after I just tried a vegetarian chili and the tofu crumbles were devoid of flavor, and had the wrong texture. I can never be vegetarian.
Hardware wise you should be getting 120+ FPS, so either you screwed up the cooling somewhere and its throttling, you have corrupted drivers/OS/background programs causing issues. Also there are times the game will destroy your FPS no matter how good your setup is, such as opening the menu in water, it drops me from 100 fps to 30.
Waste of money, people want to watch individuals, not squads. When you have a favorite team in any sport or game, you usually root for specific players. Why host squads when solo's are easier to watch, allow more individuals to enter not just whoever is on a sponsored team, and you can integrate into twitch and let the players talk to their fans during the matches. Also the dbno mechanic is god awful for watching, as it turns fights into very slow pushes or instant team wipes.
Since the pan is so rare, it likely wont drop anytime soon. There are already 3 people that have buy orders at $2000 for it, waiting for another one to be listed. 
The Mirado car looks pretty sweet. I hope its really really fast and has trash handling or really fast and has good handling, hopefully its not just a clone of the dacia performance.
In the late game youll probably have a 5.56AR already, and with the current stats, the AKM is  simply is worse in almost all regards. The real question is AKM vs kitted UMP in the early game.
You are saying that like youve played the new unreleased patch already. It is VERY likely that AR's will still remain the meta, but now other guns are more viable too. They likely increased reload spead and decreased extended quickdraw to make AR's less of a gun to mow down a squad, now somebody might even consider AR+SMG.
> deleted delay for first shot when not running (no relaxed mode)

This is so weird but I approve. For the longest time they had the delay but no animation, they recently added the animation, and now they are scrapping it.
> You should have an option to add it to M4 or SCAR also.

You are insane. You want to give one of the current strongest weapons in the game a bipod to make sniping  and long range spray easier? Are we playing the same game here?
>Explosion damage increased for frag, removed fall damage from frag.

They did it boys.
We need to see the other information (changes to firing rate, attachments, etc) to really judge this info.
HTC paid a lot for RDJ, and that didnt help at all. Disney/Marvel are easy access to money, if youre willing to pay large licensing fees, but I dont see the desire to get an Avengers branded phone when you can get a case that will be similar that you can change out whenever for $10, especially when phones cost $600+ and you will probably keep it for years. Im pretty sure the T-shirt, and toy companies are the only ones that cant go wrong with dis/marv
America, and im aware of our failure to protect net neutrality, but my guess is this doesnt fall under any protection laws anyways, as I know some phone carriers will deprioritize you if youre on prepaid vs post paid, even if its the same data amount, rates, etc.
OP is literally hitler for killing our dreams.
I actually wanted this more than seeing the planes path while in the plane. It's a lot more helpful as it let's you determine what areas are safe or not if you leave your drop area early.
Also depends on if part of the car hits you. So it's possible to die far below those speeds if the vehicle is turning a bit (or forced another direction due to a crash). Also completely possible to kill yourself getting out at a completely stopped car, if you have enough space to get out, but you're close to a wall, you'll float in the air and 'fall' and then get insta killed.
He's Australian.
Pretty much. While ethically I don't really agree with how they US works, in terms of effectiveness, being /the/ superpower in the world is quite lucrative, though it's only a matter of time before China takes that crown. 

On a related note, people that call for the reduction of military spending, don't seem to understand that's what we do best. Once you take that away we just become another Western country that just does okay but isn't really special like our neighbors up north.
For the price. I wouldn't pay $550 or more for it, but iirc I got mine for like $300 after preorder GC and headphones, which was a freaking steal.
For those denouncing this, you clearly don't have home automation. One of the most desired features is room to room tracking, to turn on/off lights, to transfer audio, etc. While you can kinda do it with a standalone motion sensor, the quality is all over the place. While I'm not interested in buying a bixby based smart device, this would definitely be priased if it were on GH or echo devices.
Probably. Assuming you count the money earned by other divisions. Oled and ram/storage prices went up drastically, but since Samsung makes those, it's just another division making the money.
I want to see a skinned watermelon next.
And then you go to an actual track with curves and the Tesla, demon, and other high HP cars with bad handling and braking get smoked. These cars do acceleration very well and do it 'cheap', but they are not real sports cars or supercars, and that's not even a knock, they just weren't designed for that, as it would double their prices or more.
Ding ding ding. Acceleration is no longer a stat that really matters, unless you just do drag races, as electric motors put an end to the horsepower race if designing quality engines, now everyone can put down 500hp easy. The real concerns are handling and braking. It's why these cheap acceleration cars, Tesla's, demon's, etc give horrible lap times in comparison to actual sports cars/supercars, Ferrari's, Porsche's, etc.
My guess is a lot of it gets trashed too. I doubt many people buy prepackaged ham sandwiches from convenience stores. So they're willing to burn customers with this trick, because the repeat business is horrible anyways. It's a dirty move, but being in the prepackaged sandwich industry doesn't seem very lucrative in the US.
The Japanese 7-11 stores are fucking amazing, they get freshly made food of so many different varieties, and it's good, especially for the price. In America 7-11 is basically all processed shelf stable food, doughnuts, and a few frozen items heated. 

I really wish America had a Japanese 7-11 equivalent. 24/7, decent food, that isn't fried garbage. But Japan's density makes that more viable than America. Fresh food doesn't work if you have 50 customers a day.
This was my concern. This isn't a replacement for the internet, it's not freedom, it's someone giving you a menu of what you can select, but in the end, whoever runs it decides what is served. There is without a doubt some bias on the content served, as it's only natural.

For example, it would be like getting all your entertainment, and NEWS, from cable TV, rather than other sources, there's a decent selection on cable TV, but there are clear agenda's being pushed, and a lot of it is owned by a handful of companies. While the internet can offer some less biased sources, and nearly infinite content creators.
Are you playing games before bed? Because even with blue light blocking, games ALWAYS manage to ruin my sleep schedule. Also waking up early sucks, but it's early because you went to bed late. Try to find something you want to do in the morning and make that a reason to wake up at a set time, that way you'll want to go to bed earlier.
Night, but also winter. I love seeing the pure white snow covering the landscape around traditional Japanese architecture, and maybe an outdoor river, or hot spring, too.
To be fair, the guy is 70, and has committed numerous crimes, including multiple murders over years. There is no rehabilitation, he will die in jail one way or another. Personally in cases like these, assuming the evidence is infallible, I could care less if it was legal for the victims families to torture the guy if they saw fit. Keeping him alive in prison is just a tax burden, but so is ethical execution and it gives him an easy way out.
Cops don't decide that. They take you to a hospital or psych center for an evaluation, if you are deemed a threat, then they will hold you. Sure the cops have influence, but if you don't make it seem like you're going to hurt yourself or anyone, the doctors usually won't keep you, just long enough for you to mellow a bit and make sure you're in decent physical health.
Got to remember that you are human and they are too. While I don't think I they should have disconnected, instead just pass you to another person, you can't fully blame yourself, maybe they were struggling in their own life at the time?

Anyways, there are a lot of people on Reddit and elsewhere that would be glad to talk to you if you want it. Just because one thing doesn't work out, doesn't mean you should give up, just like in the rest of your life.
Ouch. The worst part about this was, my reaction was 'but you'll just give Asher to her'.. and then I remembered how fucked up custody is in America, and that this guy would barely get to see his son in a normal separation, and never ever if the woman claimed he abused her, which is the case here.

Obviously none of us know the real story, but I would've wanted him to fight to keep Asher, but that's a fairy tale ending. The reality is this dude lost everything he loved so he just checked out. I can't blame him.
Seems like a weird decision. It would make more sense to wait till Nintendo finishes their part of Japanese Disneyland and see how that goes before creating this park. I'm sure people will go, because Ghibli is quality stuff, but the question is how popular will it be? Why not wait a couple years and let your competitor risk their money finding out
I get that mentality, I do it if I need to go to the store and get distracted by an unpredictable purchase, I'll check online prices if I'm unsure of it's value.

HOWEVER, if you go to the store to specifically demo a product, and then go online to buy it elsewhere, you are shooting yourself in the foot. One of the reasons physical stores are more expensive is the premium real estate, and stock hundreds of stores vs xx warehouses. If the price difference isn't large, you should buy it at the store, if you want to continue to be able to touch and demo products before you buy them.
Cavill is likely the only one to continue to get good acting gigs after the DC movies fade. 

Affleck is practically done as an actor probably by his own choice, Gadot desperately needs a voice and English coach to pursue more verbal lead roles, Momoa has and always will be a beefcake actor and there is zero room to grow when The Rock has the crown (previously it was Arnold), Ezra can probably find some B level movies or a TV show, and Fisher is completely forgettable.
Discover recently ended several of it's benefits programs. My first card was discover, but now it's essentially cut up, as the perks are god awful compared to the other credit companies. Obviously don't open up a discover card for the gpa cashback anyways.
I could do the deadpan delivery, but when someone else starts breaking into a good laugh I'm done for. 
Myth. Unless you are only consuming RO water (like for some kind of fast), you'll get your nutrients elsewhere. Where do you think the abundance of water in food goes? Our body absorbs it. Plus if you use RO water for tea, coffee, etc you are adding in more particulates than plain normal water anyways.

If RO was posioning people by leaching nutrients out of them the FDA would shut that shit down quick. 
I skimmed through the build, and I'm more concerned that the expoxy and wood will sperate. Ez broken nose and concussion, at least.
They dont treat people equally. Shroud has used a dozen very blatant exploits on screen, 2 at the school, 1 at miramar under the ground, 1 in the miramar tall building, etc. But they wont ban him, despite him using those spots to kill people. And before someone argues that shroud does it for exposure, no he doesnt or that he would win the fights anyways, sure, but these exploits are one way walls, they have zero chance to defend themselves, and if someone did this to shroud his entire stream would report them and get them banned.
Chinese business that sells to Chinese citizens, can only muster a 5% profit? I'm shocked. The reality is unless you're apple or Samsung (who profits on components too) you're going to piss blood if you try to put out a premium priced phone (see every other manufacturer losing marketshare while making piss poor margin). The only market left is mid-range and under, something we've seen OP and others target hard.
You declared bankruptcy over 16k? Are you unemployable with no assets? Because that's a horrible choice.
I don't, but I've seen a few streams. I'm pretty sure people watch him because they get a kick out of seeing someone else's life so fucked up. Yeah ice is making good money, but so do Instagram hoes that sell their body to whoever will pay for their next vacation. This is also way ice has been swatted so many times, people want to see it (but doing it is very wrong), just like how reality TV goes after really dramatic and over the top events. 
Are you sure you didn't misunderstand the nurse? It wasn't 10/10, but $1010.
Even if you ignore those, it has more level 3 spawns via other buildings. The map statistically has better loot than Erangel, and requires less hot dropping for said loot.
I think its fine with the new update that added more off road roads. Its not the funnest thing to do, but it balances the map better. Go on a road and youll likely take gun fire. Go off road, and you likely wont take gunfire, but if you do, its harder to just drive away quickly. 

Erangel suffers from the problem (hugely in solo's) where you can go max speed nearly everywhere, so there is no incentive to drive on the road, and no punishment for going off road.

So, easier driving=/=better. Though I do think the vehicles should have a bit better handling, as you can easily lose control on rough terrain even if youre a great driver
I think miramar is the better map, but im not one of those people who will pretend one map is perfect and the other is flawed to all hell. Both have pros and both have cons, both are enjoyable and playable if youre willing to realize that PUBG will no longer be a 1 map game, savage is completely different from the other two maps too, and has its own pros and cons.
So you work on the optimization team?
The people who run Spotify that know that free users are less profitable, and that some users were hacking the apk to get premium perks. I don't have Spotify, but the idea makes sense, just seems like the execution was bad.
Except it's not really sarcasm when you had the Android lead post about the fucking burger emoji issue, which made mainstream media.
But that logic doesn't work. Are you shaming gun use for hunters that use guns to provide food for their family? Because there are people all over the world that do that, even people in America who wouldnt be able to provide for themselves/family if they didn't hunt. Should we get rid of the bomb, fire, explosion emoji's too because all they are good for is destroying things, the same that guns do, or are people mature enough to not take emoji's literally.
Except Android users far surpass apple users. Google doesn't have to bow down and let apple lead the way. The thing is, Google isn't doing this because of fragmentation, look at fucking android, they are doing this because they lean left (not a bad thing), but they have started to overreach and force it on others (bad thing). Just like how there are skin colors for emoji's, I'm white, I don't give a fuck if emoji's have been historically yellow, which is more associated with Asian skin tones (which it barely does), but we don't need fucking 7 skin tones for emoji's they aren't supposed to be taken in a literal sense. It's so fucking dumb.
Is the one on the left a purebred? Not getting into that debate, but he looks like he has some features of another breed
You just dug an even deeper hole with this admission. Word of warning, don't go see infinity war. They will be waiting for you.
He needs the rest of the week to find a lawyer and prepare his asshole for the mouse.
I'm sure Tumblr would find one of those words derogatory.
So no fat women at your work?
YES! I haven't seen the movie but when I first saw the trailers I was convinced they were siblings that had some weird incest thing going on.
Probably more kids on /r/android than LG users. (Joking, but it feels this way)
The sprinkler system in a rich part of California.
Converts into a pool.
I'd rather NOT have UBI and not be taxed VAT. 
Not OP but Amazon is growing both to keep up with demand. Both their robot count and employee count continue to grow, but make no mistake, when they meet demad, employees will be laid off and replaced with more robots. Amazon bought and owns it's own robotics firm and each robot that can pull inventory off a shelf and bring it to a location, costs around 25k, lower than the salary of one employee for a year.
As with most of these stupid political ideas, they want you to look at the good number and not the bad one. Only look at the bad one when the opposing party is in office.

That would be a reasonable approach, and one that most people theorycraft. Big problem though, corporations don't like paying taxes, and they will bribe, like, cheat, steal whatever it takes to avoid paying increased taxes. The only way that would ever work is if a switch was flipped and our military turned corporations into state owned. Otherwise if need be, they'd just take their business overseas.
The irony is, it would be cheaper to go to war and take assets and force reparations, than it would be to cut military spending to fix this issue. If war wasn't profitable/increased power nobody would do it.
The real answers are make corporations pay for it (won't happen, they lobby too hard and evade taxes too well), or the answer no one wants to hear but is the most realistic, going to war and profiting off other weaker countries.

What will actually happen if UBI is put into place, taxes raised on nearly everyone, middle-class will get UBI BUT be paying more than they earn due to increased taxes.
UBI is essentially welfare (yes that word, no I don't completely oppose it). Except spread out more, but a much larger tax burden. It makes very little sense unless you bring in new money, like from businesses, but we all know business lobby and pay even lower taxes than most citizens, so that will never happen.

UBI is a an unrealistic dream, which is why everytime someone promoting it tries to do an AMA on Reddit, they dodge questions and bail early.
Worst part is this was on /r/all yesterday like top 3 pages now it was reposted early in the morning and is #1. Such a karma grab. Disgusting.
Even so, the pronunciation seemed to linger on the bi part, which makes it sound even worse. Someone should've stepped in and said that using this pronunciation is fine but the actress needs to say simbioat not stretch it out to sim..BI..OAT. like how when you're struggling with a word you sometimes try to hide it by mumbling it fast, she lingers too long on it and it's really awkward if you don't use that pronunciation.
The problem is those Spiderman movies were good (for the era), and now Sony has gotten WORSE. Marvel put out some trash movies, but have only improved (avengers 2 was their biggest misstep imo, everything else improved)
Unpopular opinion, but Deadpool was refreshing, but way overrated. It screamed low budget with all of the 5 sets they used, the villian sucked, some of the jokes sucked, romcom marketing was cute but I'm guessing we never see her again like mcu did with Jane and Thor. I'm still excited for DP2, but the first one really wasn't great, just something different and a look into the future (potentially more R rated superhero movies)
MCU movies are overrated, but they are consistent (since Ironman), you won't get a bad movie, just ones that are meh (Ironman 2, second Thor movie). But you have to realize MCU movies are a formula to print money, so they are fairly predictable but in the good way. 

Personally I'd take any mcu movie over  a dceu movie, Sony movie, and any formulaic fox movie (the break the mold movies are good dofp,first class, Logan, Deadpool). And on a side note, I actually think the DC animated movies are way better than their liveaction ones, like to the point where I actually want to watch them (no thanks recent JL movie)
Because they had potential to make a really good movie. Rights to several characters people care about. Tom Hardy. Not forced to be canon, so R rating would work. And they pissed it all away, and this second trailer makes it pretty fucking clear sony made bad choices. It's Batman v superman all over again but with Sony. People either want repeatedly good movies (mcu) or ones that really challenge the genre (Deadpool, Logan) not these half ass pg13 movies we were doing over a decade ago before marvel refined it.
Which is a real shame, as Logan might be his last appearance as wolverine, and imo was by far the best X-Men movie to date(Wasn't perfect, but it damn was it good). And then they also took the dofp story line and fucked it up with movies like apocalypse, which was just above BvS terrible imo. Fox really is fucking up, but hey, at least their not Sony.
I feel like venom should've been a hard R and a villian. Then IF they bring him into other films, they can turn him into the anti-hero and start making him pg13. Sort of like how Deadpool will probably be treated if Disney does get Fox. That way it's the best of both worlds, especially since venom canonically becomes less of a monster.
Should've made 2 posters, one of each side of the face. Because it looks bad where human and venom meet.
Going to take a wild guess and say OP could've went home stab free if he was sober enough to make better decisions, even if it was just to run away. Because if you're drunk enough to barely feel getting gutted, you probably have the current mental capacity and defenses of a floundering fish.
That would've been a bit difficult to fit in nicely. Maybe they could've changed the surgery scene to one where he's called in to an emergency (from a canon fight? Like the only thing BvS did right), and had him perform surgery on several patients all day and night, having nurses come and go as he stays, still doing the music trick to stay fresh. Showing off that he's so mentally strong that he is already well beyond most humans in terms of mind over matter.
Infinity war part 2 is just Coulson and Hawkeye/ronin. Get your dicks ready boys.
Sad story time I used to work at microcenter, which is praised by PC builders, as a technician. So I would often need to download drivers or software updates. Our internet was so fucking bad, I'd constantly be using my phone to download stuff and then transfer it over to a computer. Sometimes I'd even go as far as downloading stuff at home in preparation for the next day. When higher ups from hq came to ask what could be made better to improve efficiency (I was already repairing 8 computers a day..) everyone said better internet, we didn't get better internet. Place was run poorly, I wait and am way better off now.
I used to be somewhat of a dog walker, and disliked when dogs would do this, as you always worry about stepping on their paws or them brushing into your leg. It's much better to have them lead by a little bit, especially if they want to stop and sniff stuff, then by the time you catch up, you can tell them to come. Obviously walking like this is a 'trick' and often done for show, but in terms of actually walking the dog it kinda sucks
There's a reason why their people died. ^^^^^/s
All those books only to tell you to go home and take an aspirin.
Guy? My guess was lesbian.
I'd go out on the street and brag about my meat to them. They can't beat the meat.
AKM is better, but they are both bad (compared to 5.56 AR's). The AKM needs minor buffs and every gun needs to see the 5.56 AR's nerfed. 

The DP is screwed up because it and the other bipod guns were balanced around the idea that people would use prone, and prone in high level fpp simply is bad, you only use it for immediate cover via elevation, you never ever want to fight with it as prone will make you a very easy headshot target.

 They really need to buff the bipod guns but without making them generic, so my idea has always been to allow them to setup in windows, items you can vault over, etc, so they become very good defensive guns, but still are weak at pushing like they currently are.
My only problem with this is that currently the flare airdrops happen way too quickly. If you go to the edge of the  circle there is almost zero chance anyone will contest it, as the plane comes quick. All they need to do is slow down the arrival of the plane to balance it, so that people CAN come and try and fight you for it. Also I think the armored uaz should have a faster plane arrival, so you can call it in tactically, even during small circles
The crowbar suggestion I've pushed for a few months now was a 1 time use, allows you to wedge it into a door to 'lock' it. Since doors are destructible, it wouldn't be OP, but it might allow you to close off a door and funnel people to you, or keep them away long enough while you escape
Yet the player can take bullets, can survive jumping through glass 4 stories up, is barely phased by being on fire, etc.

Realism is fine, but you shouldn't ruin gameplay for it, and the car damage system definitely does. You can literally die getting hit by the edge of your car at like 5 km/h if you're unlucky in this game 
They really screwed he pooch by not making competitive PUBG primarily a solo environment. That way you pick your favorite players, which happens in every fucking game, and watch them until they are eliminated then house someone else to watch. Nobody wants to watch squad gameplay in pubg because it's too hard to follow and isn't even necessary and the dbno mechanic makes bad distance fights.
They really need to promote Solo's too. It's PERFECT to marry streaming and competitive gameplay. Plus it's completely accessible to ANYONE, you don't have to form a team and rely on others to be the best, it's just you vs 99. Squads work great for other games, but competitive PUBG should be primarily Solo's.
Hotel, resort, etc at the end of a name make them sound a bit cheap. However you want something to make it sound like a hotel, how about:

Emerald Escape? (My favorite)

Palm Paradise?

[actual map name] Ruin Retreat?




Looks like he wanted some extra lettuce.
Sony exec: We are prepared to offer you 20 million dollars to use the Marvel name.

Marvel: 50 million and you can call us associates, nothing more.

Sony exec: Deal.

5 days later.

Sony exec: We spent all of our money on the Marvel logo and Tom Hardy, this film will make us rich. No need to hire good writers, directors, or other quality actors.
I bet you won't be happy. This movie comes out in OCTOBER, and this thread already shits on the movie. I guarantee they will at least heavily hint at Carnage in a trailer, even if it's not a full on BvS doomsday reveal. Because they think that will help bring people in, when the reality is, the more they show of this movie in trailers the less people want to see it
But that's not enjoying the film, it's enjoying the meta film. Just like 'The Room', the movie is good awful 0/100 but the background behind it really makes it a bizarre cult film.
"Embrace your" Sony hate.
Eddie probably wanted to pay slightly more rent, so he moved to SF.
Prototype was a pretty big game, it was also eye candy galore, and did what few games did at that point, be open world. It was essentially a superhero version of GTA. It got a sequel, but the storylies of both games were utter shit, and a single player action combo game only goes so far, it was all eye candy no substance.
Tom Hardy carries the fuck out of this trailer. The story, acting by others and photography seem pretty mediocre, like sony Spiderman reboot mediocre (not mcu Spidey). 

It will probably do decent at the box office but there's no way it performs at mcu levels or feels as good as an mcu movie.
And training so hard you turn bald
I knew we should've put up that wall. You're stealing our numbers!
Until the next big thing comes around. My bet is it's potatoes, everybody loves potatoes and therefore it is the most valuable currency.
"Free trailer, previously used to school kids, you're responsible for moving it"

* 2 Guys show up in a uhaul truck with a case of beers and some rope *
The team that makes origin definitely isn't the people deciding about dlc and microtransactions. While I get the hate for EA in general, origin actually has improved and is pretty decent, it's not steam, and it never will be, but on one hand it takes some of the power away from valve, which is good for consumers, but also good for EA, so who knows.
Doesn't jack sparrow never get the treasure in the end? Either making him a bad pirate, or a Disney good pirate.
Women that are having trouble having children, come to me and I'll test your fertility for free!
They do, but its very rare that trolling of this level would last long unless the website was hacked. If it was posted on reddit, odds are pretty good people would comment about it soon after it affected them, like they do with websites that are ad hell on mobile. The only reason stuff like the rick roll and manning pic still exist is because they troll you for 2 seconds, so they are near harmless, unlike crashing phones.
If the browser does try to load it again, just get off the internet before opening the browser and remove that tab, and if that doesnt fix it, you can always nuke it by clearing cache and data, but youll lose other stuff.
Realtek? I feel like i havent had any issues with audio drivers in over a decade. While Nvidia still puts out some questionable stuff at times.
Would definitely consider buying. I know some people love the S-pen, and it definitely is nifty, but I would MUCH rather have the pen be separate from the phone, and not waste phone space for it, as I have no need for the pen daily.
Thats my issue too. Using NFC payments might work if you follow a strict routine, but if youre the type of person who tries something new fairly often, whether thats alone or with friends, you really cant give up your magnetic strip payment (card, samsung).
Not like thats difficult, especially when you almost exclusively deal in phones. The p20 pro was an obvious choice to try because of its camera improvements, and current turmoil with huawei and the US government.
I agree that the experience isnt flawless, its more of a work in progress. Some of its google's fault, some of its their partners fault (spotify being one of them), but this isnt really exclusive to google home, the echo and homepod both suffer from the ecosystem mess, but at least you can manually cast from your phone, pc, etc if you an unsupported ecosystem or particular issue.
Google home has more compatible partners than echo does, and its a bit unfair of a comparison as google was late to the party, however looking at several resources, a few months ago google home devices (thanks to the mini) were outselling echo devices last holiday season, however google is still behind because Amazon had a few years advantage because they were the first mover.
Fake gun, but if it was real you shouldn't screw around with one under the influence of anything.
Can we have a civil discussion about how this disgusting person was able to kill more people with a rental vehicle, something that is pretty much available to anyone over 18 with a license, than most mass shootings? I'm not a gun owner, but I think we should be focusing on mental health and people with extreme views (even domestic ones) rather than looking to make tools harder to get. Yesterday it's guns, today it's vehicles, tomorrow it's fertilizer, we need to actually work on fixing the issues, not putting blame on inanimate objects.
The title is reasonable. All it takes is a quick flash of your card at a wrong angle to soon yourself. People have made similar mistakes all the time, especially with digital codes. Though he'd have to flash his cvv too and some other circumstances would need to align. And 80k+ cc limit seems acceptable for a multi-millionaire.

I would've skeptically believed it since I don't care enough to validate the story. Just like I don't care enough to validate the proof someone put up saying take fake.
Except this guy stole a seat, which in this case was a life, and if the emergency boat needed a sailors knowledge, he would've killed everyone else on the boat too.

Yeah, life is pretty important, but I don't know if I'd willing kill 1 innocent person and potentially doom over a dozen more to save myself. 
Except you just took the place of the expert on the lifeboat and have now possibly doomed yourself and everyone else on it. It worked in this case, but there's plenty of cases where people have tried to bullshit experience or training and they've become worldwide jokes (Mandela sign language guy for example)
I wanted the good samaritan who helped the person try to park to throw his hands up in the air and storm off after the crash. 
It is, but it's been proven that Google home (I'm not as up to date on echo) does not spy on you. The only data it sends without you waking it is to check if it's online and for updates. Obviously this could all change since these are internet devices and one software patch could make everything completely different, but I don't think it's in Google or Amazon or apples interest to betray customers like this. It's too obvious of a concern and Google and apple could've gone evil long ago if that was there plan. So for me, I'd call them safe, but always stay skeptical, and verbally searching is the same as searching on your PC or phone, that data WILL be logged and can be used against you.
Yeah Google has a lot of our data. However I'm sure you'd be even more surprised if you saw a comparison of how much time and effort Google has saved you over the years. A lot of things Google does so well is because they track you. For example if people weren't tracked searching on the internet would be AWFUL, Google uses your specific data and the combined data of billions of people to figure out what you want. 

Im not trying to shill for Google, as privacy is important, but we aren't giving it to Google and getting screwed in the deal. I'd honestly wager Google is one of the most important companies of all time, as they provide you with the data you want. Which in turn helps doctors, programmers, kids learning, whatever. It's like if the internet was a library that had infinte books, all unlabeled, and Google was able to do better than everyone else in telling you which book you want and where it is.
I'm sure this is pretty boring compared to most people, but I have my RGB lights slowly change color from cold white to warm white throughout the day and night, to help keep me on a good sleep schedule. If you use a bluelight filter for your monitor, smart TV, and phone why not your lights too?
Your mom working her second job right after she gets off from her prostitution work.
That would be a pug. Bred to be a monster, but apparently people like that. Personally not fond of selectively breeding dogs to make their health and life drastically worse. 
You have a pool and your golden gets out of it? Something is wrong.
As cute as this is, I'd be kinda annoyed if she was walking my dog and let that happen. I get that she's going to clean him up, but god knows what's in that water, the dog could have none, small, or major health issues from getting it in his orifices.
I've heard eating ass is the new trend, but I didn't think it was this bad.
I wouldn't say the quality is a lot better, he just went from going after low hanging fruit, acting like a spaz for children, to putting some effort into his content which he now targets teens to young adults.
And there was probably a third criteria: animation. Just because a dance looks good in real life, doesn't mean it will translate over well to fortnite and their rigging. You don't exactly want to overhaul the emote/dancing system just to implement one new dance.
If you're from /r/android you'll appreciate the One Plus store in the background :)
Doggos are okay most of the time though. Checkmate you orangutan fucks.
Could you imagine if the series was actually brought to film by people that actually knew what they were doing? It would be a great side project for Disney/marvel. While I'm not a huge fan of turning very good 2d or animated art into films, the current mcu directors, producers, talent casting, special effects, etc could do the Avatar series way better than anyone else, especially the other attempt at it.
Just get up and fart in their face, should be acceptable to them too. Since they don't seem to have a concept of personal space and respect.
Delete it from the dictionary by long holding the suggestion on Android.
The worst offenders are the people that play the same fucking song all the time. Like I'm not even exaggerating but someone around me plays ONLY ONE SONG, never anything else. I also have a neighbor who played music loud enough to be easily heard in my apartment and they fell asleep with it on..
Someone can correct me if I'm wrong, but I'd assume found dogs will stay in a shelter longer, as stray dogs are rare in the US, so they will assume someone will come looking. Possibly giving them a longer chance at being adooted. While surrendered dogs might be quicker to be euthanized as they were deemed unwanted already.

Not that I think this woman cared enough or was logical enough to think about it. She likely just couldn't afford the cost anymore or simply didn't want them, and didn't want to deal with a shelter, so she dumped them. At the very least I'm glad she didn't kill them, like some people do.
I have plenty of seed, just need some women to help me plant it.
Probably fairly easy to do if you take ingredients, and turn them into shelf stable food safe powder, like cooked dehydrated chicken powder. Giving a robot raw ingredients is easy for some stuff, like tomatoes, but insanely hard for others like garlic. You can cheat and use pressurized water and other techniques for some ingredients, but really the perfect solution is an AI that has the dexterity of human fingers, which is a lot to ask for.
IIRC Jackie Jackie Chan loves the Chinese government and they love him. So he's often the poster boy for them. 
Probably redbull enemas.
Just make sure you give him the money right beforehand, so you can collect if from his dead body.
You could poison me at the top and tell me the cure is at the bottom, and I'd still contemplate jumping.
Its the initial load speed, especially the r18 that makes revolvers useless to me. 
I remember 'playing' myst, I was too young to grasp the puzzles in the game, and ultimately got barely anywhere, but it was a fun and memorable experience.
Solved!
Actually yes, that came up in Google results but I didn't immediately recognize it, but further viewing has confirmed it. Thanks!
Yeah. You don't have to be a scientist to observe that spheres are the shape objects will take when there is little to no outside forces applied to them.
Rule of thumb is don't touch other people's stuff. While some people think it's okay to lean against a car, or good forbid sit on it, the reality is it's super easy to scratch a cars paint, and people that spend money on a nice car usually care about it. Even if you think you're being gentle, paint is fairly soft so whether it's a rivet or zipper from your pants or purse or just fucking minerals/microscopic rocks on your sleeve, you can scratch a cars paint.
Unfortunately by putting your survey on Reddit or another forum that has also had a long discussion about the exynos difference, you are going to get biased opinions, as people heavily discussed there being an issue, so people will believe there is one, even if they didn't form that opinion on their own. Ultimately this survey needs to be taken by people who don't know, and ideally have the participants use both devices, but I realize that's a lot to ask for.
And that was one of the issues Tesla had. Elon expected employees to work the same way he did, giving it their all and every hour they could. There's nothing wrong with that, especially if you work hard and that leads to a better position and vacations later, like Elon could fix the model 3 issues and then go on a cruise. The problem was it doesn't work like that for everybody, the average worker doesn't work like that, and if he did he wouldn't get the benefits Elon has.

Elons work model works for him, it's one reason why he's so successful, but not everyone is going to do that.
Not sure why you were downvoted. WW definitely was more successful because of the social climate. Same with "Get Out", which wasn't a horror at all, and had pretty ham fisted writing and plot, basically was a bad twilight zone episode, but the movie was carried by marketing buzz due to it's writer/director and the social unrest that was occuring due to politics.

Neither deserve the ratings they got, they aren't bad movies, just nothing special. If they were released 4 years ago, both movies would come and go without much fanfare. There's a reason why starwars has a new diverse cast, why Ghostbusters tried a female reboot, and black panther which really isn't better than the other MCU movies crushed them at the box office. I'm not against the diversity or equality, I welcome the change, but these movies are a fad, in 10 years when the sexism and racism tones back down, nobody is going to be talking about these movies or remembering them with the same regard.
Gotta sexualize it but not enough to piss people off. Hence why there's a weird strap patern in the armor that covers the nipple area, and the belly button isn't covered by any straps
American here, no 'kanada' doesn't have our statue of liberty, mcennedy isn't an American name or popular brand, and the background looks like the Pepsi logo. You guys are weird.
One a day is clearly the brand. People with an IQ above 2 should realize this.

The bigger issue I find with vitmains or medication is they prominently say how many there are on the front like "120 count" but a lot of them expect you to consume multiple, some as high as SIX. The FDA should stop the bullshit that companies pull with servings. 1 instant ramen isn't 2 servings. Just like 6 pills shouldn't be 1 serving, and if they need to be, then it should be disclosed on the front.
It also goes the other way too. Sick people will take them but usually that won't fix their problem, so they think they are worthless. Extreme example, but vitamins won't cure cancer, however getting proper nutrition and having enough energy, things that vitamins help provide will definitely allow you to fight the cancer better (but you should be getting surgery or chemo or something), or help keep from getting sick while you're already fighting cancer.

Vitamins aren't a cure all, but a -supplement- to help you.
'overlay of rdv', I assume you mean exceed the rdv? Because those values were set to be extremely safe for everyone and don't account for how the body will waste some of the nutrients. It's common advice from doctors that you should exceed the rdv of vitamin D, as the dosage was set back when people spent more time outside. Also higher dosages of some vitamins, like vitamin C are nearly harmless, but there's no reason to take huge quantities everyday (1000%)
They are gummies meant to be chewed and if you're unaware vitamins and drugs in general usually taste like shit. So I don't blame them for using sugar. 
Fuck those. Seriously, whoever makes pencils that have erasers that smudge and smear and don't actually erase should not in hell. The whole reason to use a pencil is to be able to erase, and while additional erasers are usually bought, I should still be able to use the eraser head without this bullshit. On a side note, fuck the standalone erasers that were just like a plasticy substance, they wouldn't erase or smear, just wiggle and do nothing.
I loved wiggling on my teeth, especially with my tongue. I don't get you weirdos that want to suddenly rip it out, there's no rush, it's fun to mess around with and oral pain feels good-- oh maybe im the weirdo.
Missing some teefies but still a cute smile.
That's the worst part about this. If it was a natural death, it would suck, but most people would get over it. However since he apparently contributed to his death, it's much sadder, because outside a few reality TV shows which I always assumed he was playing up, he seemed to enjoy bits of life. It feels bad, but I understand how bad depression is, so I don't blame him for wanting to stop. I just hope he realized how many people appreciated him.
Honestly that's not impressive and if I was in his position I'd not want it on the burj as dubai has some fucked up stuff going on, that the rest of the world ignores because they have money.

I think it's much more impressive that feige is going to have millions of people in sold out theaters on opening weekend and this movie will likely break all statistics, probably for decades to come. And that there is merch in pretty much every store that you can go to. And that they did this with IP's that were underappreciated (comic sales declined before the mcu), and now comic book heros like iron Man probably have surpassed Mickey mouse in younger generations. It's insane what they've done.
Definitely not good for you, inhaling any powder isn't a good thing, but your lungs can filter out small quantities. Personally if I was tasked to take that photo, I'd wear a mask while dumping it, and cleaning it out. The factory workers are definitely required to wear masks too for their safety.
Pretty sure it says Whey Isolate, a type of refined dairy based protein powder, not chocolate.
Now imagine if she and all her lineage were having children at 20. Pretty early, but not very unreasonable. It would be possible to have great great great great grand children if she lived to 120. Which is insane.
Odd thought, but I wonder if some weird person seeks out these old people, and tries to marry their grandchildren, to create children that will also possibly live a long life. So basically eugenics.
Unfortunately 10 minutes is 40% of the match. By then your squad will have left and you'll probably dead to the blue. 
It's really easy to stomp squads too, you just need 4 decent players that work together. As squads also include random squads, which is extremely unfair to them. Plus your win chance improves by simply having lower opponents, from 100 to 25
Mixed feelings. Level 3 was easily attainable, if you didn't have one kill anyone in the top 20. So I disagree with the balance issue there.

However I wasn't happy that it made players use their AR instead of a SR due to OHK being awm only.

I think it could've stayed a rare loot if they addressed the problems it caused with gun balance. But I'll wait to see how the patch plays before I take a strong stance either way.
I much prefer the large hole in the terrain on Miramar prison south underwater. I swim to it in hopes it will take me to a better place.
I agree, but it's not like removing clothing hurt. I think all of 5 people cared about lootable clothes.
You can usually get a level 3 if you don't have one by killing anyone in the top 20. I don't mind the existence of the level 3, it's just that I don't like how it meant that you'd use your AR more, since you couldn't OHK level 3 helmets unless you had an awm. A SR headshot should always be the most powerful ranged attack, not double tapping an AR.
It's a buff to kar98, and m24, and a Nerf to awm and AR's and semi auto SR's. Not sure if this is a good change or not.
Dust is going to happen when you introduce anything to the environment, especially living things or pollen from trees. Pretty much all you can do is vacuum often, don't bring in or do things that would create dust (an example would be opening cardboard boxes outside instead of inside), use HEPA filters on everything, AC+heater+vacuum+air filter.
Yeah I prefer this method. GamersNexus (PC reviewer) does the same for some of his videos. Long videos are great for serious buyers and time stamps are nice for those looking for specific information or a tldr.
I honestly think the government needs to step in and say enough is enough. Nobody reads ToS for 95% of the shit they use.

My suggestion: companies are required to have a TLDR, with bullet points and a maximum word limit. You can still put your CVS receipt long ToS, but you are legally required to summarize it well enough for the average user in the TLDR.
If he's clobed and has his dna corrected, wouldn't he just be Mike Myers?
Smoking is dying (pun not intended). Also please don't smoke because it's 'cool'.

If you think it's cool it's because you were probably born in the very early 90's or before, when Hollywood loved to smoke on camera. Now it's pretty taboo, many studios don't want it, and California is trying to push laws to ban it in movies pg13 and under, which are the cash cows of Hollywood right now.

It's also becoming a social taboo, and states have already started cracking down on casual use (smoking inside).

Not trying to be a debbie downer but I'm going to guess in 30+ years smoking continues to see a huge decline. Maybe vaping takes over, maybe not. But kids these days aren't growing up with smoking being cool, or a cultural norm, so if you think you're going to be a cool old man smoking a pipe, I'd reconsider, both for your health and the way society is heading.
This would've been a funny tweet, except the author uses his image as his profile pic, and he actually is ugly.
Love the eyes of the dog in the pictures. First image he's so happy to be held, and as he grows he gets more and more concerned about if you can hold him or if you're going to drop him
Maybe cats suck.
He was one of the few celebrities that didnt use Reddit as solely a marketing platform, he would make 'normal' comments that everyone else does, and occasionally show a bit of his life in an OC post.
Probably because Bethesda uses the potato engine.
Seems a bit dumb to ask McDonald's to carry it, as they are all about fast and cheap. Also their fries aren't vegan in the US and some other countries as they have beef flavoring. You'd be better off asking some other burger establishment like in and out to carry it. PS. 20,000 online signatures is nothing, especially to McDonald's which sees over a hundred million  customers a day.
Remember going to the store to get FLOPPY DISC games? Some stores would even sell freeware they packaged themselves. I used to love that, and the eventual CD-ROM boxes. You'd go and just look at shelves upon shelves of them and choose 1 or 2. Then read the manual and cherish the box art. These days kids buy everything on steam or Amazon, and there is no love for the experience before actually playing the game.
Probably some region that believes still air in one room is bad juju and will kill them. I mean, it will, but not in any normal situation.
Let's be real though, even if Bernie were some kind of saint, which he isn't (I don't agree with a lot of his policies, but I feel like he's honest and tries to do the right thing), there would be so much shit on his plate that I doubt the cellular companies would've ever been addressed during his presidency.
The sad truth. Companies want to fuck us, and so does the government. Even our neighbors sometimes want to fuck us, and not in the good way.

Oh how this world would be so much better if everyone had the same notion of what is fair and right.
Breaking new: Claims of Trump's ties to Russia, affair with stormy daniels, and more were all scheme's started by Trump to get more attention. 

It's honestly somewhat believable with the way things have gone in the last 2 years. 
esim should've been here yesterday, with how things phones are getting and zero reason for needing a sim anymore besides issues with manufacturers and carriers. They also should allow customers to have one plan and swap it between devices instantly, such as phone to smart watch. Not that 2 plan or 1 plan with additional charges bullshit.
You did all the work, but I'd like to mention this is probably just a proof of concept show piece anyways. At ¥100 (roughly 93 cents) per cone, you wouldn't be making that money back anytime soon. It's cheaper than an employee, but there are simpler and thus cheaper vending machines that will do this, so it would be hard to justify the price at the cost they are selling cones. Would be a great show piece for places like Disneyland though, where they could charge $5 for a basic cone.
All these South African robberies at gunpoint are why Elon Musk moved to America, and is trying to get even further away by going to mars. 

In all seriousness, he wants nothing to do with South Africa, his birth country, ever again. His school asked for money, and he gave them some on the condition they never talk to him again. He also doesn't like donating to SA causes because of his bad experience there.
I agree, I can't wait for them to remove Hanzo.
Same. The difference between driving in fpp and top is huge (in general). But the difference between the uaz and armored uaz visibility in fpp isn't worth discussing.
Van or bus. Competitive casual pubg player with background of getting paid to play another game ('pro'), so communications are always as short and as possible without sacrificing important information.
He is wrong. Most people have a reason they don't want to play with foreign players. Ping, communication, hacking, etc. I have problems with other US based players too, it's just that China was easily the worst offender if those issues. And at the end of the day what does playing with foreign players do? Teach you their culture? I'm not interested in that, I'm interested in the best gameplay I can get in games I play, if I want to be culturee there are better places than online games to go..
It's not OP's fault. You can literally go from having a great position to a terrible one with a circle change. Even with 3 smokes you can't really cross a road in a 1v1. The enemy can just nade it. The best you can do in the worst circle situations is run out, and out shoot the enemy. If you have a kar98 and they have a level 2 helmet, go for the instant kill. If they have level 3 you are pretty much fucked, unless they are bad.
You can't predict the circle. While the early circles do have bias, the later ones don't. All you can do is stay in the center to be closest to the next circle (which is bad btw), other than that, just find good terrain to let you move (top 200 solo player).
The problem is prone is awful when you get better at playing. A prone player should always lose a fight, assuming they are seen quick enough, as it's extremely easy to hit their head and they have a long animation before they can move. Also prone means you can't take cover.

To the OP, this is what I've been pushing for. Bipod guns aren't great, and are balanced around the idea that people go prone. If you don't go prone, other weapons are simply better. Making them deploy on windows and such would make them stronger defensive weapons but still weak attacking ones, a good niche design, not the cluster fuck of trying to balance guns that all are used similarly (M16,Aug,scar, m4)
And to add, even if you couldn't loot players clothes people would just spend the entire game looking for rare items, and not fighting.

I'd rather just see the winner of the match get a random item. If it's in squads, since they are much easier (due to only 25 teams, and stacked teamwork against random squads) only one person gets a random item. All BP rewards remain.
I don't agree with the Erangel southern paths being added. I think it's good to be able to know you're safe on the cliff and nobody is camping in the water waiting to crawl up at the last second.

With Miramar I agree, as that coast is actually very open, and you'd never want to defend it, so people creeping up isn't an issue. I wouldn't make it a beach though, just add a few pathable Sandy spots, because the rock terrain is only like 1 ft above the water but you can't get up it, you need to ram a water vehicle to actually get up there or go further down to get to shore.
Unpopular opinion but I hate the plane ui now, its so large and clunky on the map. Also it's not hard to figure out where a straight line will go, I'd much rather have had a thin line stay, so I could remember the trajectory and know what areas are likely looted when the circle comes
I agree that all modes should get a BP boost, but comparing them to solos is unfair.

In war mode you had a 33% chance of winning. In 8 man squads it's 8.3% So when you do the math it makes more sense the BP is low, especially when your entire team gets it.
If you're decent you already know where your bullets are landing, especially in Miramar, you can also see the projectile of many guns like the kar. Tracers would actually be a Nerf to the player shooting, as it would make it even more visible where you are.
Since it's only in 8 man squads right now, it feels weaker than it will be in normal matches. I think it should only get some very minor, and easy to change buffs:

If it remains a flaregun vehicle, make the drop occur faster, and drop straight down. Also needs to be able to be called in inside the zone. There are times you really want a durable vehicle to travel and are pinned down inside the zone, like imageine being stuck behind a rock and calling it in to escape. (Shooting flare into ground drops uaz, into air drops weapon crate?)

Make the tires require another bullet or two to pop.

I wouldn't change anything else until it's in a normal-er solo-4player game
Maybe in a few years we can actually get a mic ban system for players that abuse their mics. I'd rather not have to mute 3 people in every 8 man event for being absolutely toxic (unprompted too, they just go off in general, not at any one person) or trying to destroy my eardrums.
I never do this, but my random squadmates usually kill a teammate that DC's after a minute or so for their loot. Which I think is a valid reason.

I think it's simply better if you get team killed and you report your teammate, it kicks them out of the match. This would require you to kill them while downed or let them bleed out, so it would rarely occur legitimately, and you can always use your mic to try and convince the person it was an accident.
Since it can take several grenades with ease, you can probably knock it out with them.
Yeah. I got a free Google home mini last holiday season and now I have 7 of them. And 8 smart lights, hub, smartlocks, 5 smart plugs, smart button, nest, and some reed switches. However I think I'm only like $250ish in, as I did a lot of frugaling and got the minis for essentially free, hub and lights for half off, etc. Still not a cheap hobby, but at least most of it lasts along time
The ONLY reason a smart lock could be bad on a front door of a normal home, in terms of security, is if it fails to lock or somehow unlocks, but then you have to have that happen right before someone checks your door to see if it's locked, which is extremely unlikely to happen.
Usually windows are the preferred method, as almost nobody has sensors that detect glass being broken, most window sensors are just door sensors, only functioning if they are pulled open.

But yeah, completely agree. If you have a business or are super rich, I understand the desire for unhackable, but a door lock on a normal home is almost never the weakest point. It's usually the window, door frame, door, etc.
I welcome an extra button but I hate the idea of them being officially locked to an assistant. For the love of god, just make the assistant the default use, but let people who want to change it, change it without hacks.

Camera button, silent/unsilent, flashlight, whatever people want. Nobody is begging for another way to access these assistants, and this is coming from someone with 9!! Google assistant devices in use (phone, tv, home)
ThinQ is awful, it sounds like someone was looking for a name with some notoriety, remembered Thinkpad, but needed to spin it. Think--- T.h.i.n--Q? Because Think for AI and thin for thin. "Perfect".

They wanted a new naming scheme to get customers back, but also didn't want to drop their old one, so it's still G and V devices.

Anyways it's 2018 nobody cares about the names of phones anymore. We just want a brand, model and model number, which LG was doing fine with just G, and V. Also not fond of the twice a year updates V35 and V40, nobody asks for that, and LG especially needs to improve their releases, software update being a big issue, not simply add more devices.
V30 also had an awful front facing camera, one of the worst launches I've ever seen (announced, 'soon' release date, then came months later after the pixel 2), and traded off some of it's uniqueness (removable battery) making it easy to directly compare it to a note 8, which was better in almost every way.

I've never owned the v30, but expected to buy it after wanting a phone and wanting a v20 sequel, in the end LG made too many missteps for me to even want to go to a store to try it. Not saying it's a bad phone, just for me the launch and reviews were really disappointing.
>DP is a laser when you're prone

The problem is prone is garbage for shooting when you play against better players, because it makes your head hitbox stationary and easy to hit. Movement has always been a top priority in competitive games, the faster you are, usually the better off you are, even if you have to sacrifice hp or damage. Also cover>hiding, and you cant really use a window or wall if youre prone..

IMO, guns with bipods, which there are only 3 right now, and DP is the only non crate one, should be able to set up in any place with a vaulting mechanic and possibly in vehicles. People might immediately think thats OP, but you need to take it into context, the DP is currently one of the worst automatic guns in the game, definitely the worst higher caliber gun, and giving it this buff wouldnt make it any better for attacking, or out in the open, it would give it a nice of being a gun thats great for defenders, but since you have only 2 weapon slots, you have to decide if thats worth giving up something like a scar for, which in a lot of cases the answer is probably still no.
You can still easily snipe several hundred meters with the 4x, which is the real problem (and AR's being better than almost all SMG's in CQC). 

Taking away the 8x wont do much, as the 4x zoom is preferred due to recoil control, if you are shooting it fully scoped in 8x with an AR, you arent using it optimally and will almost never kill a good player, as the recoil between shots will jump around too much and you wont kill them before they can get to cover.

**Removing the 8X from AR's will solve NOTHING.**
> but the phones are themselves encrypted.

Which seems to be a moot point when companies are brute forcing their way past your pin, giving them full access to your local data, assuming they have the device.
Multiple answers can be selected. Read the poll next time.
GPU's are only used because they are easily accessible, if crypto's wanted to actually have the best performance and power usage possible, they would go to dedicated asic's, like some have. Blockchains that dont really allow dedicated asic miners, do so as a way to keep the system manipulated.
Most miners dont give a fuck about the benefits of crypto or blockchains, they are just chasing money. They profit, while you pay more for GPU's, and increase power demand and thus prices, not to mention the miners that lie, cheat, or steal to make money off crypto, or the ones that return abused GPU's after crypto's tanked.
Seems like its harder to make elyse not smile than it is to smile.
Dibs on 1v1ing elyse in a slam dunk contest.
Yeah, they should go to the bay area when they get the chance. Its easier for a handful of people (really just need like 5 of them, no props needed) to travel then it is for 100 people to travel south the them.
Where's the AKM? :)
It actually decreased engagements. If you didn't HAVE to fight, players would leave when I shot at them, because they didn't want to start a fight with 20 second blues.
No. It was on the test servers and then went to live. In total it was around 2.5 days with both servers combined, quite a lot of people on Reddit hated it, but it was mixed overall here, while the communities outside of Reddit heavily disliked it.
Bad compromise. It rewards hot dropping, which is the main reason for a dead midgame, as players will go military, prison, mylta power, etc to get loot faster, because they know the circle will close faster. It doesn't fix the problem, it makes it worse.

No it doesn't. It's just that 8 man squads make it seem weak. Wait till it makes it into the regular game modes to judge it.
It's like 300 bp and you only have to beat 7 teams, ts honestly not terrible.
I dont play HS anymore (was an old casual player), but to me Brode was the face of the game, he was is like the world's greatest DM, giving you lore, and mechanics, with a personality you couldn't help but enjoy. I can't help but think a game like HS was perfect for him, as it needed someone to fill in the blanks, unlike most other games, say TLoU, where the game delivers everything you need. Brode was like an out of game part of the game, his word  could be taken as canon.
Probably trying to come up with a good way to explain to his son what an erection is, and why you shouldn't fuck animals.
Honestly, GTA5 just needs official weird game modes/dlc, like knockoff superheros (yes you can use janky mods). Because prototype is a worse GTA in almost everyway but with super powers.
You are right, and I know Nazi comparisons are overused and extreme in this case, but "I'm only following orders" doesn't really cut it. At some point people have to risk part of their life to make the world better, whether that's refusing to fight for a war you don't believe in or not allowing yourself to be a disposable employee that your company barely knows exists.
Not sure if that's a positive story for capital one. You admit to abusing your credit and making it shit, they still gave you a card, and now you want a motorcycle (if that's not a joke). All after we just had a financial crisis due to banks over lending (different kind tho).


USPS already killed itself when it made deals with Amazon to deliver packages below cost. As a tax payer you literally are funding Amazon shipping (when they use USPS) whether you like it or not
For this, probably. For stuff like Amazon, when it's shipped via USPS you can thank your tax dollars. Amazon's deal with USPS gave them plenty of work to do, but it actually costs the USPS money most of the time. They made that deal because if they didn't the USPS would slowly be cut out of our government as private sector shippers took over. Seriously, go look at the USPS' financial information.
Seems like it fixed itself. I was having the same issue where it kept trying to make me use a third party app to gear the weather, now it's back to telling me itself, so it's fixed for me.
I wouldn't do that. Magic erasers work by essentially being sandpaper foam. They remove material when used. Using it to clean a surface repeatedly or too hard will damage it
Fibaro has one, I have it thanks to a giveaway on this sub. It now has official code to add it to ST. I did a quick review on it. But the gist of it is, works fine, can program 5? automations based on how many clicks you do, uses a battery but supposedly lasts a long time (a year+), biggest downside is the button click doesn't feel great. There are others that exist, but I've never tried them.
Samsung is unique though, as they pay themselves (other divisions of Samsung) for the majority of their components. So a phone sold isn't just profit once, it's profit for every division that supplied components. 

On a side note while Samsungs margin is skewed, so is Apples. They are one of the very rare phone companies that sell pretty much exclusively premium priced products. This means they have high margins, while other companies including Samsung still sell $50 phones.
>if necessary, to take judicial measures to protect the legal rights and interests of our Company, our employees and our shareholders

Probably not the best idea to go from 'we want to fix this by working with the US government' to 'if you don't we'll take this to court' in the same public statement, when you are at the US governments mercy after screwing up twice.

Pochinki karma.
Nobody goes north anymore since the winter came.
Not sure why you would use hims for a generic though as doctors can prescribe generics and you can get them anywhere. We all know these online mass advertised brands, dbrand, sherrisberrys, 1800flowers, whatever have HUGE markups. So unless Geoff is getting a special discount, I guarantee you it would be cheaper getting a generic elsewhere.
Easy to say that's not what he meant after the fact and now that's there's outrage. Notice how none of these ad reads actually had 'hey, these are dangerous drugs and you NEED to talk to YOUR doctor and get checked out before pursuing them' until the outrage? 
Google Express, a competitor to Amazon rounds up, so if free shipping is $15, you only need to spend $14.50 to get free shipping
Where is the googling in that equation?
Same as in Age of Empires where you make a truce, tell your new 'friend' you are shuttling your troops through his town center, and then drop the truce. Also bombardment towers in his base, thats always good too.
Depends on the definition of camping.

I am 100% fine with people taking high ground, good rock formations, a compound in the center, etc and staying there.


I am not okay with going to a building, seeing no vehicle, seeing the windows unbroken, all doors closed, unlooted or bait loot, listening for footsteps, and having someone sit behind a closed door and open up on me as soon as I open it. Since there is a delay to fire if you werent in an aim mode, you are at an even bigger disadvantage.

I think there should be some idle player sounds after some time, or doors that are opened and closed again only close 90% of the way, leaving a crack you can notice if you take your time. Something that doesnt give a camper that never moves some chance at being outplayed.
I prefer the detail on the right (rare) one, but think the left (common) one stands out more. If they had made the rare pan gold, which they will probably do to milk another crate, that would be worth the most if rarities were the same.
It means you have a bit more time to get out and get behind the vehicle when your tires are popped. In squads if your tires pop, you have like 2 seconds before your vehicle turns into a bomb.
Not horrible compared to regular FPP already. The only difference is really the slits.
My grandma got it in her eye and said it was the worst pain she's ever experienced, and she was a tough Italian women with 11 kids.
My grandma had shingles, that went to her eye, she says it was the worst thing she ever had happen, and she gave birth to 11 kids, and had multiple heart and knees surgeries.
Dehydration doesn't achieve the same results unfortunately. At least all the store dehydrated stuff I've tried has always remained soft with some level of water content. Freeze dried pineapples are like biting into styrofoam, and then it melts in your mouth, it's such a great sensation.
Wouldnt work for a club, but it would be an interesting concept to have a bar that had small pots for flowers, you spend $10 or whatever to rent the pot, you choose your seed from a menu, and its planted there. Then you have to buy the plant 'shots' of water, and put them on your tab, like 15 cents a shot. When your plants tab runs dry, you can either take it home or it will be given away to a wanting patron, and a new slot will open up for someone else. Basically a tiny garden plot at a bar.
Yeah, I stopped buying cards unless its for an older generation. Most people that are young adults or younger, dont seem to really care about cards anymore, as they are a dime a dozen and people write 1 sentence usually. At least thats what I have observed. Plus the nice cards are down right scammy, costing $5-$10, which I dont want anything to do with unless its a really important event.
ICE will get you once you leave a sanctuary city.
I too used to burn dry leaves with a magnifying glass and enjoy the smoke smell.
I suffer some bad headaches too at times and I agree with you. Ive had really bad pain before, lasting pain before, but headaches are the fucking worst imo. Ive also had thoughts of suicide during headaches while depressed (please dont spend any time trying to check on me, other people need it more and will be more responsive to help). I cant imagine how bad it is for people that have the worst types of headaches, and all the time.
Because life hits hard and fast when you realize youre not under your parents wing anymore, and that money really matters now, and you can go to jail if you fuck around.

I think taxes get called out, because some are stupidly simple, but a lot of people still go to shit tax places like HR block, and throw away money. Then theres other people who have very LARGE tax returns, 50+ pages, and its a fucking nightmare to teach yourself, and companies like intuit (turbo tax) bribe politicians not to simplify taxes.
I get your point, but I think teachers can spin it well enough to make it desirable. "This class will save you thousands of dollars, keep you out of jail, and with enough work you can turn a decent regular job and savings into a million dollars" Or you can be like Mike Tyson, Wesley Snipes, etc all who had millions and lost it all because nobody taught them any better.
Home Ec for me was cooking, and sewing mostly. Which i thought was cool enough to take (yeah im a dude). Wish we got taught more life stuff, as cooking and sewing were fun, but only went so far.
I 100% would support this. Young adults are taught so much crap, and then thrown into the world and MUST do things they were never taught or they will go to jail or ruin their lives. Its an absolute joke. 

I was told day after day, cursive would be a skill I need for life (elementary school mind you), and also in higher math classes that calculators would never be available to us whenever we need them. Both bullshit, both time wasted in my life.


>but why someone would use it over Google Assistant

Because Samsung actually beats google in on-device commands. However bixby falls on its face compared to google in queries. 

The real real problem is companies are treating consumer facing ai as the next smartphone war, and nobody wants to really work together, they all want the crown for themselves. Bixby does pull some info from google services, but imo samsung should give up and make a deal with google, samsung handles all on device queries/commands, google handles all off devices queries/commands, data is shared. Now you have one of the worlds largest hardware manufacturers, and one of the leading data companies teaming up. It would completely stamp out alexa and siri except for the people stuck in those ecosystems. But we know this will never happen.
This is a pretty well known issue (well, not the part where you get sent under the map, its usually flying) where when a bike hits another vehicle it sends the other vehicle flying with cartoon like physics. If you ever see a bike coming at your vehicle, drive away and get out asap (you cant outrun them), otherwise your fate is up to rng whether you survive the wonky physics collision or get sent across the map and usually die on impact.
I honestly dont know why that isnt already a thing. The "press F to cut your parachute" shows up several seconds late, and takes several seconds for it to actually work.
Pretty expected, dude is pulling in hundreds of thousands of dollars a year from streaming, and C9 was taking a cut, and not playing CS regularly will definitely knock you down in performance compared to an active training pro. Also explains the rebrand he was talking about before.

The real interesting question is when PUBG dies down, and all games do, will his viewers be loyal or jump to the next streaming star for the hot new game (which is how shroud really became known, not because of his CS talent, that got dwarfed in less than a month of PUBG)


Can you PLEASE make these announcements live like 24 hours before the patch, and state whether or not replays will be affected? This would really help content creators not lose footage.
While I agree, you are ignoring the fact that competitive players will leave games that dont support them. A splintered player base is better than a player base that loses 20% of its players to a game that does competitive matches better.
Unlike all those other games PUBG can be a single player online competitive game. Mics are easily muted (though global), so you really have no need for concern unless you want to play squads or duos with randoms and somehow your partners expect you to be super competitive?
In the higher ranks right now nobody camps grass, especially prone, unless they have a ghille/are forced into an area with no cover. Seriously. Staying still without cover will result in an easy headshot, and if you have a level 3 helmet, that wont help much as standing animations are longer than it takes to swap to an m4 and land the additional shot.
I think it's an overreaction but he's right. We humans have instincts that teach us to make certain split decisions that no longer make sense anymore. I'm not afraid to admit that I often judge people based on one thing (not skin color btw), like how they dress, or hygiene, or if they hold a door open for others. People are much deeper than one trait or act, but since we run into so many people, and our instincts taught us to make quick decisions, we often judge people wrongly.

TLDR; he's right, but I also hated the painted skin, but after watching a few episodes I loved his content and saw way past the one thing that bothered me.
100k/yr isn't a killing when you realize other people are working on it, and he's very talented at what he does. Patreon ho's make more than that and just have to be vaguely attractive and know someone with basic photoshop skills.
Which is piss poor actually. The guy is very talented, and there's definitely several core employees. When you put that all together, he's walking away with chump change. If he worked in the industry he could be making more, hell he'd probably make barrels of cash if he did side work for streamers like doctor disrespect (not a fan, just that he uses a lot of graphics, and has money to make his setup better), as they are pulling in 6-7 figures a year.
Id pass, especially if you have a decent PC. Mobile VR isnt there yet for games, and daydream, cardboard, and gear vr just arent compelling. You can grab a microsoft inside out tracked pc vr headset for $200, which is like 70-80% as good as a vive, which IMO is the best deal if you want to get your feet wet.
Not really. Someone is just trying to cash in on the popularity and state legalization of MJ. While I dont think its a great idea, if it was, the creator would have millions of users simply by being first to market.
Get the Tplink or Fibaro plugs, they are better than wemo and both of them have models to track electricity usage.
There are several cards that do that, they all suck though, as there's problems with the buttons, or the fact that merchants like amx and Visa won't let you use combine cards like that with competition, etc. I've always wanted one and every one that has come out has huge problems.
I'll let you in on a secret that will stop you from aging forever: dying.
I feel mixed about this. 'the dog did what he loved to do', yes and no. Dogs were bred to be domesticated. So inherently most dogs will love what they do. I love dogs, and most animals but I'm a meat eater so I realize that to a degree a lot of animals are treated like tools, and that pet dogs in America usually have it pretty damn good compared to working dogs, especially in other less fortunate countries.

Long story short, I don't believe this dog loved being a "k9", but as long as he was treated right, I don't think it's animal abuse, and many "k9"'s end up becoming pets when they retire. The fact is at the end of the day we as humans decide what dogs do, whether that's stay at home all day, work, or whatever. They definitely don't have the same rights or even intelligence bas humans, so making them work a dangerous job isnt inhumane, as long as they are treated well for the circumstances.
The difference is the US has a way higher disposable income. People in the US are buying new phones every year or two years AND paying a ton of money on phone bills. It's the exact opposite in the emerging markets of China and India, which is why cheap local phones sell so we'll there, and they want dual SIM, and don't care about lte data stuff (they only use wifi for internet).
I did some research on this as I bought the sony 100mx2 nc earphones. Sadly while aptxLL is backwards compatible with aptx, the latency part won't be (from what I understand). Same deal with HD. Most devices don't use the LL standard, and gaming headsets for example bypassed it and just went with wifi direct using proprietary dongles for PC. 


Easy, just sell user data Facebook style.
He didn't own a Tesla railgun.
$750 possibly down the drain, but you walked away from a gun failure without any real damage to yourself or anyone. It sucks, but this was the best possible outcome of the scenario.
Brussel sprouts taste like sweaty ass that my dick can't enjoy. So freaks are fine with that stuff, but not me.
So you're saying Kale and brussel sprouts are incest born monsters? Sounds about right.
Realistic? That's not how biceps look at all unless you are injecting oil into your arm or have an orange under your sleeve. It's cool that they designed it do this but it should flex most of the upper arm, not just a small segment of it.
I'm pretty anti-social, but living in the bay area has made me deal with people and situations I don't want.

For example I don't like standing on the bus and having to push my way to the door to get out, or be pushed for other people to get on or off. But if you need to take public transport (and I did for awhile) you deal with it or you're fucked.

I think you'd lose your claustrophobic fears if you lived in SF, you won't like it, but you're going to have to deal with it if you're going to stay. Same deal with the homeless beggers who do drugs and defecate on the sidewalks.
Tourist or never been? SF is part amazing, part full of itself and part slum. The homeless problem, where they use the sidewalk as bathrooms is a real common issue, and traffic is terrible, public transport works and is okay but you are a fucking sardine.


Seance. Not ridiculing you, as your post made me look it up, since I don't recall ever seeing it written before and questioned how to spell it.
I agree. While I see and respect the several different things in the image, The flag, 2, 4, Eiffel tower, for me it's not appealing to look at. It's like when architect designs a building that looks cool but costs millions more and is functionally worse. 
I always appreciate when good boys show excitement but don't barkaruu.
People that build battlestations like this usually don't have kids. Not a virgin joke, but who needs kids when you can simulate them in VR with machine learning?
Yeah, I just show girls my cute golden retriever and they all fall for me.
Must be South Africa.
Not sure about this particular project, as there are several companies running UBI tests in NA. However they all will end up being paid for via a tax hike, as historically changes to public programs have been funded by tax rate hikes and not redistribution of government funds (ie, in America you won't see military budget shrink to fund UBI). As to how it's different from social security, social security takes care of you as you age out of work using money you paid in years ago (but that programs fucked since people are living longer), UBI is essentially welfare, so you can have never worked and be 18 or 21 or whatever age they deem and get UBI money.

TLDR; Unless you are on a welfare program right now, UBI would most likely be worse for you, as you would get paid, but lose more than you earn via the tax hike to pay for those who earn nothing. 
So you livein a house, have 2 'luxury' kids, and want to start your own business? Hate to tell this to you, but UBI isn't going to help you, you'll be paying more taxes to help other people. You'll get a check in the mail, but lose more than you make due to taxes. UBI takes from the middle-class (which you are) and redistributes it to the poor.
If you think UBI is some unicorn that will be pulled from other funding you don't agree with, say military spending, you're dreaming. They will just increase tax rates on the middle class to pay for it. Corporations or the mega rich never will, because that's who pay the politicians bribe money.
In America we can't even sustain social security. UBI that most people want isn't going to happen, it's going to be welfare 2.0, and not help anyone that actually wroks a regular job.
So rebranded welfare. Got it.
4 . That this administration has had some of the worst PR ever, and it is in mattis' own interests to distance himself from the administration, BUT not relinquish his role and leave Trump with another general who would be a 'yes man', and doom the US.

While I don't think we needed to go through congressional hearings in this case, especially since we had several nations jointly strike a known issue, it would've been better PR if we did. Now people are claiming the strike was a Trump tactic to hide the Cohen raid, which is a bit much, because again, joint strike.
So a poll for your favorite weapon that you dont use because the M4 exists.
I agree, decrease AR spawns but rebalance the weapons and add more lower tier firearms to spawns. As id rather see other weapons used more in the game, and not have games that start where someone gets an M4 and I get zero weapon at all because 2 buildings had nothing, not even a pistol.

I want to look at a shotgun or SMG, and AR and actually have to decide which one is best for my scenario, and not just grab a M4+kar, or M4+M4 every game.
It will make the sidecar even more buggy, it is not a solution for anyone that knows common sense on how game engines work.
LPT dont do this to snipe/hide only to juke or get a quick angle. The mountain top buildings south of san martin are always occupied and will have a straight shot down at you, the plane wreckage to the north west is also always occupied in the early game, people from power grid can snipe you too, etc. Unless you have the highest high ground, usually taking areas with cover are better than being slightly higher.
You are unfortunately right. I hope the devs look at CS:GO for inspiration on how to create environments that have aesthetic themes and objects, but do not interfere with gameplay, the insides of a lot of miramar and erangel buildings suffer from poor gameplay, as they are cluttered with useless shit that hampers movement and aim.
I agree. I used to think my issue when I first started playing this game was that I wasnt quiet enough, that wasnt the problem. It was that I didnt have my headphones loud enough (yeah, it sucks), therefore people could always hear me no matter what I was doing but I couldnt hear them.

Stealth doesnt work in this game, unless you stop moving completely, and then you are brokenly quiet and have the upper hand on anyone that moves towards you.
I feel like the suicide droppers are the people asking for this. While it certainly would benefit everyone, spending 3 seconds longer every 20 minutes isnt an issue for me. Same deal with the 1 minute lobbies to make sure everyone is loaded in. 
OP has increased phone prices pretty much every year, dont think that OP/OPPO doesnt dream of better margins, Samsung dreams of Apple margins. The difference is Samsung mobile can live on tighter margins, because they create business for themselves, from processing materials, to screens and batteries to software, their mobile division has contracts and pays other divisions.
MCU movies have more plot in one frame than an entire dceu movie
So longer than most Hillary Clinton opposers? /s
As an ex tech for a third party with apple certification, I'd commonly touch these horror stories. However the moment I knew the customer caused the issue, whether through admission or evidence, I'd make it clear that I'd be working on their dime, parts and labor, and that fixing the obvious issue might not be the end of the costs. However I get why apple stores have different policies, they want simple fast repairs, not a project. The apple stores around my old shop would often send customers to us (customers told us this) so it's pretty clear apple doesn't want to deal with this shit, and only wants 'normal' customers.


It's not the end, because this isn't a warranty issue. This was customer caused damage, which Apple can legally refuse to fix. So instead of dealing with LTT who will open the imac up again and potentially damage it again, and get into an argument, they can deny the repair.

Not arguing if this is morally right or not, but I used to be a technician for another company and Apple is allowed to deny repairs that aren't under warranty.
From a stay at home mom to an edge lord 
Depends on the game mode. In solo's cars are a bit too strong, as long as you weave a bit and are a decent driver you almost never die driving. In squads its another story, if you run into a squad on foot, and you are fairly close and dont see them immediately, they will for sure knock 1-2 people or explode the car.
I thought that 11 contest badge was a paused button, so i tried to click it to start the video.
OP, here. I followed the V30 since the v20, as I was really interested in an improved v20. The v30 isnt bad, it just disappointed me. LG took forever to actually launch it. The V30 lost features I kinda cared about (like removable battery). LG struggled with their OLED screens. Front camera was a complete joke, while the rear camera was good but trailing the other manufacturers. At the time of consideration, I believe it was the unlocked v20, had like 1 update since launch, and that includes security updates. In late 2017, I wanted flagships to have 6GB of ram, like the note 8 had, etc.

Again, the v30 isnt a bad phone, but since it was a phone I was following since inception and expected to buy, I was very disappointed in how things went.
Japan is unfortunately pretty racist, especially against blacks, as they are treated like a lesser novelty. Also English is taught in Japanese schools, and after WW2 Japan has become a super close ally, so driving a Japanese car, which has plants in America, is probably better than a European brand in this scenario. 
Seems like a bad decision. Comments are mixed, it's a one off thing, and this could piss off sponsors as drinking is deemed morally okay but weed isn't and is quasi legal in CA, which is why they said they won't smoke on camera. Also RT members are pretty pissed right now about the ED sponsor, I don't think it's the right time to be doing this.

I don't see any reasons to do this over a drunk stream instead, there are only negatives.
Better yet, use a blank. Still a bit dangerous, and the person will assume they missed, but much much safer and you can see how the person reacts.
I'm betting it should have been a mini series. The first season, with a few changes could been a finished story, and would've gone down as a great miniseries. With the lack of Hopkins in season 2, and a lot of story lines finished, and the remaining ones we know are imo boring, I really don't think the second season will be as good as the first. Also since Westworld is a potential cash cow, and GoT is ending, I have a feeling HBO will drag on WW for quite a long time like AMC is doing with TWD.

I hope I'm wrong and WW s2 and more are great, but I really really think it's going to get worse.
That's always the problem. When you have good acting and writing you  always want more, until you can't have it or it gets worse. Sad to see him leave West world too, as he stole the show in both.
Same as in West world. The dude has been in a ton of movies, some hits some misses, sad to see him leave both but it's good to see some of his assumingly final works be such successes. Sean Connery on the other hand chose poorly.

Boredom is bad for manufacturers but great for consumers. Years ago you'd beg to upgrade, because phone hardware evolved often, and software was garbage. While things aren't perfect, boring phones means people are happy with the devices they currently own. After trying the pixel 2 XL, being let down by the v30, and the s9+ seems great but nothing I need right now, my axon 7 will likely last another year, a phone I paid around $300 for at launch. 

Boredom is nice, after all those years of painful smartphone experiences.
AMD sponsors Ferrari, and Lisa su is covered in VIP passes, and on the grid. It's pretty clear Lisa didn't want to be interviewed and the interviewer realizes he's made a mistake. While it seems like an honest mistake, it could've been preventable with a bit of research or legwork taking 10 seconds to screen people before they go on camera. Besides meme potential and a few website covering it, it will be forgotten in a couple days, so not a big deal.
Yeah that's the deal with VA too. However since I have a dash cam, If I went to another state id rather sign anything the officer says to and take up an issue later. Arguing with a cop is not going to make anything better.
The one cop that is shooting is the only abuse in this video, though he was acting on limited information. He just got there, on word his fellow leo was being assaulted, with a non-cooperative fleeing suspect. Shooting wasn't the right choice, but without the video we have you could see why he made that decision
I agree. The first cop actually handled it fairly peacefully, the moment the lady drives off, he should've approached with his gun drawn. As it shows she had no intention of obeying laws or listening to the office.

The only criticism of the cops in this video is the officer that starts shooting as they flee the second time. It simply wasn't worth the risk and best case scenario he disables a tire, worst case he kills someone. That response would be more warranted if there was guns or another crime committed but the minor assault and fleeing wasn't worth it. Though the mother did put a lot of people at risk of serious harm or death due to fleeing.

This video is a lesson to everyone how NOT to act with law enforcement and how NOT to raise your kids.
And it unfortunately works. There's a reason stuff like this ends up on reddit, while the successful acts don't. Yet most people in this thread still fail to realize his act was to make you believe he was a failure.
It's part of the show. These contest shows will find or hire talent to be comedic throwaway content because people enjoy watching bad acts and screw ups, remember how William hung became 5 minute famous for being so bad? They try to replicate that.
You don't seem to know how common stuff in the world works.

In the first scenario, losing the mouth piece, which would be really hard as the glass bowl is mounted into the shoulder piece, would immediately start draining water. Also you could just spend $1 on a window breaking tool/piece of ceramic and have it as a safety device.

The second scenario is no different from someone smothering you with their hand on your mouth and nose, or choking you. You are only more vulnerable because the water moving fast could obscure your vision, but you also have a headbutt that's like 5lbs heavier.
Turned into Aldi beef meatballs.
Link works.
Skewed, a lot of manufacturers got sick and tired of google's x.1 revisions a few months later to fix bugs they shouldve fixed before release of x.0, so in this case manufacturers are releasing 8.0 updates with baked in 8.1 fixes theyve implemented themselves. For example samsungs current phones will never see 8.1, because theyve baked all of the bug fixes and stuff into their 8.0 release.
Really? Excluding the variable in wind this is definitely doable in under 10 minutes assuming you have several bottles to toss. The cameraman and people walking were all in on it and he gives the guy a cue to throw, as throwing random trash out the window trying to land in a bin is NOT socially acceptable in Japan.
The rich people would live in skyscrapers above horrible drivers and drive in a higher altitude rich people 'lane'
Yes and no. While Bitcoin miners dont use GPU mining anymore, altcoins tend to follow bitcoins performance. If Bitcoin tanks, or goes to the Moon altcoins usually follow. So the death if Bitcoin is just as good as if altcoins stopped using you mining
Triple H worked out, but I'd be curious how much of that was love and how much of it was a wise business decision by all parties involved. HHH gets to be an exec, and the McMahon's get a new face for the WWE ownership once Vince ages out, ensuring they all continue to rake in money.
Healthy for his size, but almost all people that have abnormal sizes face complicated health issues. The human body simply wasn't designed to work well with some of these extreme sizes,  so even though his growth was natural, it doesn't mean he will have a healthy life.
Sorry but im not giving firefox for Android another chance anytime soon. I am a firefox user on PC, while it was great at the start, then got overtaken by chrome, the quantum update has put firefox for PC at the top of the list for me. However Firefox for android only is good at one thing, and thats addons, however the samsung browser does addons to a degree too, but also does everything else better. Ive given firefox for Android a chance since it was a beta on Android, and it simply has not improved fast enough for me to care anymore, and since the samsung browser is so good, theres no reason for me to look elsewhere.
M16 actually shoots faster and has a faster velocity, it's easier to hit people at 100m unless you don't understand it's higher vertical recoil
Maybe not bleed out, but I didn't find this gif funny at all, you're right in that his could've ended very badly and a horse that does as it pleases is not a horse you want to be around, as it's only a matter of time before it hurts you.
Guantanamo bay prisoners actually get meals that cater to their religious beliefs, as they want the inmates to eat. There's a documentary on it. I also know of a law enforcement officer who would eat prison desserts, but pass up the main meals.

If you get over the idea that prison food should be equal to or better than meals you pay for in normal society, prison food isn't bad. You have to remember they are making meals for hundreds of people, and have to meet daily dietary needs and do so cheap, as prisoners don't pay, but taxes do. So blander boring foods tend to work better than others. For example a grilled chicken sandwich is cheaper, healthier, and suits more people than a spicy beef burrito.

While prisons definitely have issues, I'd rather see school lunches be addressed before prison meals are.
I'm all for creating meat replacement meals, especially ones that actually mimic meat well, but as a meat eater who sadly doesn't like most vegetables, this looks nearly inedible to me. It probably tastes like a bunch of seeds glued together with beans or something, which again, is probably super healthy but I couldn't stomach more than one bite. Props to people that can eat this, but I wouldn't call it a cheeseburger.
Cute, and it's a golden so extra cute, however as a dog owner I don't think this is ok. Some people have fears of dogs, allergies, and there is a very small chance an otherwise sweet dog can bite someone, and the owner won't be there to stop it or restrain the dog.
TV's still all have worse input lag than gaming monitors, even in game mode. Some are much worse, others are acceptable bad.
He's trying to list them in order of how hard it is to kill from hardest to easiest. The awm is much easier than the m24 and kar, but harder than the mini, sks, and mk14 due to rof, assuming people have armor and you didn't land a headshot
You make your edit sound like it's an easy thing to do when it's not. you have to find the drop, have a bike, find a ramp, get enough speed to launch you onto it bail at the right time, not get fucked by physics, and not have anyone shoot you or your wheels at any point.

If you can do this in a live normal match before next weekend with video proof that you specifically did it I'll send you $30.
Dont bother trying to argue with the person youre replying to he's a known hardcore LG shill. Look at his post history, all he does is make biased comments and videos about LG.
When chinese culture meets preteen boy gamer culture you get this phone. All it needs now is a typical XDA theme with custom font, you know what im talking about.


I have the same blendtec model that Starbucks used to use (refurb from a reseller), and while it's great, it still requires time and no blender will perfectly crush ice without liquid or stirring. They definitely bullshitted the ice part, as you can see the cut.
Thats my issue too. The people asking for the 8x change doesnt seem to understand that most people use the 8x as a 4x on an AR. The point of it isnt to snipe but to lay down spray or quick taps on the recoil, neither of which are really viable on the 8x zoom. Removing the 8x from AR's wont fix the meta problem.
33% chance of winning each match. 
This just promotes doing what is causing the problem, hot dropping. On erangel there are several flight paths which give you two options, drop hot (for loot reasons) or drop on 2-3 houses and pray you get more than level 1 gear. By making the circles change based on players left, you completely screw over those who did not drop hot for better loot.

The issue isnt that the blue isnt doing its job, its that half the server is dead to hot dropping, unless you completely rewrite what this game is supposed to be, changing the blue will never fix that issue.
This game suffers an issue that theyve caused themselves. They tried to make it more realistic by having bullets come out of the gun, while other games it comes out of the camera. In other games the camera tends to be in your head, and in this in order to line up with the gun the camera is like in your upper chest, hence why you feel so short. Also because of the way the projectile system works, the sight is for 100m, not 5 feet, so it actually shoots lower than you want.

While all this might make sense for realism, it leads to frustrating situations like this. Personally id rather see some of the realistic choices thrown out the window for better gameplay, like the idle animation delay, very slow vaulting/landing animations, etc.
And the VSS has my tears. Seriously the VSS is fun but a little weak in the real game, but straight up bad in war mode.
The issue isnt and will never be the blue zone. The blue zone should only act as a way to help nudge people together for fights, it shouldnt be an enemy unless you make very bad decisions.

The priority should be looking at hot drops and trying to prevent that behavior, or at least use the matchmaking system to match those players together, while the people who want to play a BR game get games together. If you can solve the issue of players hot dropping and killing off 50% of the server in 3 minutes, the blue zones work just fine, and there wont be a reason to rush people together.
Thats the story of LG though. Devices that seem pretty good on paper, but then are plagued with issues when reviewers and the public get their hands on them. I was championing the v30 as my next phone hard, and while it did some things great, other things like the front facing camera felt like LG had interns design parts of it.
Yeah I don't remember violet and EG sounding this old, violet sounds like she's 50 and EG sou dsslike she's 65. I actually kinda hate it, as all the other characters seem to fit
>  i haven't seen anybody complain and give some real feedback

Have you been on reddit these last few days? This update has received some of the most flak ever for an update. While it seems the majority of redditors were fine with it, like 30% hated it, which is a rather large margin. Its so controversial that nobody is even thanking them for the miramar changes and clothing removal, they are just talking about the blue.
Ive been trying to tell people about the mount idea for awhile and hope it makes it into the game. Because the guns with bipods, m249, mk14, dp, they are okay but are balanced around the idea that people use prone, and that simply isnt the case especially in fpp, as prone=your death. So my idea was to allow them to be set up on places you could mount, windows, crates, barrels, etc and inside vehicles. This would turn the bipod guns, especially the dp from okay to being awesome at a niche, and since 2 of the guns are crate guns, and the mk14 youd never spray out of a moving car, i think it would balance itself.
I would be fine with this, BUT id like to see a buff to quickdraw/ normal reload nerf, because if they just remove extended quickdraw, regular extended would be the best.
>You can't go around catering to 13 year-olds because they didn't have time to loot 40 bandages and 3 grips etc. 

Invalidates anything you had to say, because if you cant treat people with opposing views as equals, there is no way they are going to treat you like an equal and listen.
>  7-don't take damage from the blue zone while you're flying

I completely disagree with this change. The blue zone teaches you how to maneuver your free fall and parachute so its a good learning experience for new players, and the blue zone causing damage prevents players from dropping early and hiding deep in the blue and landing on the circle edge to surprise you.
While I agree the planes can be noisy, its actually very useful. When you hear the plane you know reinforcements are coming. If you are skilled you can shoot people out of the air or in the easier landing animation.
 /u/PUBG_Tamat 

PLEASE read this. I am happy you are rolling back the changes, I think its the right thing to do, but since the change was so controversial in the first place, the removal 2 days later will be even more controversial.

I really recommend that the PUBG team use the test server to decide if easily tweakable changes should ever be used. Because if the blue changes had gone to the test server, you couldve gauged peoples responses and simply not transitioned that over to live, while giving people the stuff they did want (miramar changes, clothing removal), and people wouldve been thrilled.

Again, thank you and the team for quickly and willingly reverting the changes. 
Not a samsung loyalist but this is standard PR management. You brush off claims as much as legally possible, as acknowledging them does nothing good for the company, you fix them if possible, or not, but you never make a big deal about it.

Remember the iphone deathgrip? Bendgate? Pixel 2 XL screen's being normal amoled quality? The list goes on and on.
There might be a fix, but they arent admitting there is a problem, because outside the enthusiast tech chicle nobody knows about the shorter battery life on exynos, but as soon as Samsung says theres a problem and they need to fix it, all the news agencies will pick up the story.
I believe revives are 1 point and kills are 3, DBNO's are 1, so reviving is actually really good.
The problem is theyve made circle changes to fix the midgame before, months ago, that didnt work. All the matches ive played on this new update hasnt lead to more midgame fights either, looking at my older replays converted to videos theres roughly the same amount of players alive at the same time, and in the new patch most people without a vehicle dont want to fight, they just abandon the engagement and head for the circle unless you are right on top of them.
That would help with the midgame but doesnt fix the underlying issue and still causes problems.

The underlying issue is there seem to be 3 types of players, ones who want to loot up completely before fighting, those who want to have some fights for gear, and those who just want to fight (hot droppers). 

Making circles come sooner and faster for population just screws over the non-hot droppers, especially on Erangel. Nobody wants to fight an end game geared squad with SMG's and shotguns and level 1 gear, yet that will likely happen as a lot of the hot drops, military, prison, crates, mylta power, will come out fully loaded, the circle will close fast due to 30 players left, and the regular looters wont have shit, as Erangel doesnt spread out tier 3 items spawns well.

Also while there are people that want to DM, there are also people that want to have a 3 minute sniping battle. You arent satisfying the masses by assuming everyone wants quicker circles.
Game just set a new 3 month 24 hour low peak after the patch. So this patch certainly didnt help.
https://www.youtube.com/user/xFPxAUTh0r1ty

Battlenonsense does network analysis on games. Long story short in the early game PUBG drops down to 8hz, and will eventually get better and stay at 30hz. With fortnites new update they now have a steady 20hz all game. 
Yes, but lets be real here, with PUBG and other other BR/survival games you can play the map, and win engagements by shooting people in the back. Flanking or surprising someone in PUBG is way more effective and safer than in other games. Since there are achievements to get into the top 10 without killing anyone, its pretty clear the devs acknowledge that this isnt a straight FPS shooter like some people want. To be clear, I love me some quake and other games, but part of the charm of PUBG was that it was different.
Working as intended, the game goes for semi-realism, so in a lot of games bullets actually come from the players camera, which is located in their head. In this game they put the camera lower, and bullets come out of the gun for more realism, but it creates wonky side effects like this and how your gun wont fire when youre too close to an object on your right side.
Except they already increased the blue speed and damage a couple months ago to fix the midgame issues and it did nothing positive for the midgame. The issue is not the blue, its that some players want to play a DM game while others want to play a BR survival game.
Its not, but fairly accurate if you dont get a vehicle and get screwed on circles with this new update
There are steep mountains on either side, and its a long fairly straight road that goes east to west and bridges some of the popular spots.
Military has better loot (based on data mining), the problem is its open and multiple teams will land there. Torre is basically free loot, it wont be great but youll fight maybe 1 squad at most before the blue comes.
Crouching will fully obscure you on several of the boxes up there. If it was prone only, I wouldnt care as going prone in this game is a death sentence.
You can peek from the side doors at a couple of the boxes but the ones near the sidewall are completely uncheckable unless you climb up there (you will die before that) or cook a nade every time you enter one of these buildings which is another bad idea.
The difference is in this era when a game goes gold, they can still pump out a day 0 patch, and patch it as much as they want. Before the internet era, you either fixed the bug before release or you didnt fix it at all, because there was no way to update games besides sending out new copies, which wasnt viable.
Which is insanely stupid. None of these changes were priority fixes, they were tweaks to game flow. There is no reason that this patch shouldnt have been on the test server for days of testing for feedback and bug reporting.
This is why I oppose randoms vs stacks, in random games you never know what your teammates will do. Will they talk? and speak the same language? Will they drop together? and land together? Will they team kill? The list goes on and on. Its pretty much impossible to fairly match randoms vs stacked squads, hence why other games like OW, dota 2, LoL all heavily favor the stacked squad, so they put them against higher elo random players.
This was an issue that was on the test server 2 patches ago. IF BH actually used the test server to test patches, both for bugs and feedback, stuff like this wouldnt happen. But they just use the test server as a platform to see if bugs completely destroy the game or not before pushing it to the live servers.
Now multiply that by millions of players who have played billions of games. What might be a statistical anomaly for 1 person, isnt one in the grand scheme.
I agree. On paper you can say this patch worked, more people are alive in the mid game. But when you actually play games you realize that people are alive because they arent fighting enemies, they are fighting the blue, they spend most of the game running because they cant stop. In every game ive played so far, the vast majority of people that are more than 100M away simply leave when I shoot at them, nobody is willing to engage in a long fight, because even if they win, they blue will come for them.
I think thats the main difference between this patch and older ones. It used to be that the blue nudged you into the circle, in the super old patches that was a bit too gentle and people would sit in the late game blue and heal. In this patch the blue comes, and if you dont have a vehicle, it wont kill you right away in the early game, but it will use up all your meds and slowly kill you. In the late game nobody stops to fight, they all push towards the white zone because without a vehicle winning a long fight still means death.

TLDR; The blue has become an aggressive enemy, instead of a game mechanic to promote fighting, which I and many others seem to hate.
Its not a miramar issue, if you dont get a good vehicle spawn or someone else takes it on erangel you also run for ages and have to constantly heal due to the blue. The new circle changes arent good because there is no way in hell you can run to it in a lot of cases, or even run to find a vehicle before the blue comes.
Go to san martin, there are always people there if the plane went remotely close, and its fairly centralized.
Just like how FPP is the most popular right? Well its actually not due to eastern countries. BH would also never have that poll because there is no point in it, they want people to play all maps.
This was also posted on reddit, which clearly has a certain hivemind whether people want to accept it or not. Other websites, especially asian ones would have vastly different opinions, like their preference for TPP over FPP.
Same. I think miramar is slightly better, but both have issues. There are a lot of players that prefer Erangel, but then claim Miramar has worse loot, which says to me they havent taken the time to learn miramar, as that statistically and anecdotally isnt true, as miramar far surpasses Erangel in level 3 item spawn areas, and most of them arent hot drop places like Erangel
This would definitely balance the RNG of the game, but I dont think this is the direction people, or the devs want.
I completely agree with your findings on what the problem causers are, but I dont know if I agree with your suggestions. People will unfortunately always choose a hot spot, even if there are 10 identical cities in a flight path. I think it would be better to just give them war mode, and make a better MMR system and let them do what they want and just stop trying to balance the game around them. As for weapon balance, I dont know if I disagree with those changes or like them, but it definitely would cause a lot of drama, because thats a huge change.
I think 15 or lower vertical recoil would both be good fair buffs. As it stands right now without extended mags it definitely doesnt replace an AR or SR, with extended mags, its better but still worse.
The problem is the new circles just make it so players run and run and run. Ive played 10+ games so far and NOBODY has stopped to fight me unless im right next to them. They all just keep running at the circle because there is no time for them to fight and not take blue damage.
Maybe if they balanced the weapons people wouldnt need AR's. Hm HMMM. Also if you fight anyone and win after rank 50, youre pretty much guaranteed an AR.
They have made the midgame worse. Now nobody wants to even fight because the circles close too soon. The midgame problem was always about the fact that 40 players were left after half the server suicides to hot drops, not circle speeds. 

With the new circle if I shoot at a vehicle they refuse to even stop and fight, because even if they win they will take blue zone damage every encounter.
If you dont have a vehicle, you cant fight in the new patch. Seriously, theres no time to fight another squad when you have 1 minute to run, and the white zone is further than 1 minute of full sprint away.
The pacing is pointless if everyone is spending it running because there isnt enough time to fight.
You are hilarious. This new patch has even less fighting because if you dont have a vehicle you are running 24/7 to each circle, there is no time to fight squads in circles that are 1 minute long and it takes 3 minutes to get to the white zone on foot.
If they prefer hot dropping their rank will effect it. Theres a reason why shroud and other streamers have shit rank. They just need to tighten up matchmaking to enforce ranks more.
The problem isnt really lying, its that these online doctors will read off a questionnaire to cover enough to make sure they cant be sued for malpractice. These doctors only know what you tell them, and they will never have you do bloodwork or be able to check your heartbeat or anything, things that are quite common if you go see a normal doctor. 
I lost faith in bruce after the cryptocurrency shilling. I feel like Adam is the best role model at FH, which he would probably cringe at and disagree with. He usually tries to look at both sides, and not give a biased answer. The others are cool, but everyone except adam seems to inject a bit of their bias into conversations, sometimes its no issue at all, other times its stuff like agreeing with assaulting people over hate speech or trying to convince their young demographic that bitcoin is the future and will only go up (it crashed badly a bit after that video). To be clear, im not shaming the other FH members, its easy to be biased, but when you entertain or are 'friends' to millions of young viewers, you have to be extra careful about what you say or promote. Its the norm to be biased, Adam isnt the norm, hes oddly special, but at the same time, hes not special at all.
And to add, RT/FS arent tiny companies, they have legal teams, marketing teams, etc. You dont swindle companies of this size, as they will sue you. The fact is a lot of people saw this sponsorship deal and signed off on it for the money. And Im pretty sure if any of the founders or leads, burnie, gus, geoff, bruce, etc had put their foot down the day of filming, their decision wouldve been respected, though they would have to deal with contract issues later.
> It baffles me that some people (including Bruce from FH)

As much as I like Bruce as an entertainer, and he's probably a pretty swell guy IRL, I do not trust his opinion or for him to be unbiased. Look at the Dudesoup episodes about cryptocurrency, and how Bruce owns a bunch, tried to convince other FH members to buy in, and spent most of the podcast trying to shill for bitcoin, while the other members remained healthily skeptical and discussed the pros and cons, including Adam who's wife, fiance, girlfriend? (sorry) Jess apparently owned some.

At the end of the day, these entertainers want to have jobs and make money, which in a large part happens because of sponsors, while its one thing to promote very expensive overpriced chocolate covered strawberries, or cheapo quality luxury watches, its a whole different story to promote drugs, bypassing your GP/primary doctor, and not having any tests done to make sure youll be okay. 

On a related note, RT always talks about missing Monty, who died due to a freak allergic reaction to medication during a medical procedure. Now they are putting viewers at risk who might not know better than to trust an internet doctor who only asks you enough questions to cover themselves from malpractice lawsuits. Not cool.
The problem with this idea is that the competitive scene plays around the survival game, something that its become very clear that a lot of players dont give a fuck about (hot droppers). You cant copy over settings and expect the same results. Also you completely ignore the reason why they want increased AR spawns, its because the balance in this game is so bad and the AR's are insanely good. If bluehole actually balanced the weapons there would be no need for increased AR spawns in competitive.
Maybe next time they will test to see if people like the changes.
Yup. For those unaware we've already had bluezone changes to my and fix the midgame, and it didn't work. The midgame problem is NOT bluezone related, it's 100% that half the server suicide drops without caring about winning, just how many kills they can get before they die.
Safe jumps were penalized with the fact you were far away from the center circles, loot was typically worse, and since you had to parachute further away you had less time to loot and needed a vehicle. Safe jumps were balanced.
That doesn't work if someone starts fighting you, then you're fucked. In the old circles (not how they were yesterday, but the patch before that) you had plenty of time to start and finish fights, now the bluezone will penalize BOTH the attacker and defender as the blue will consume them as there is no time to fight
The midgame issue was never a bluezone problem it was a hot dropper problem as 50% of the server dies immediately with no care about winning or losing, just tying to get kills before they die.
They should remove some of the boxes on the second floor, it's too easy for people to camp them and there are too many boxes to hide behind, so the camper usually wins.
This is what happens when they try to fix the midgame problem with circle changes, when the issue is hot droppers. This makes hot dropping worse as you need better loot sooner (hacienda, prison, mylta plant), now people who typically dropped worse loot areas will be pushed sooner and not have good equipment and the few people that survived the hot drop will steam roll them.
I completely agree. It's very frustrating that bluehole is trying to address the midgame issue with circle changes. The issue isn't circles at all, it never has been. It's hot droppers that die out and 50% of the server is gone in 5 minutes. Bluehole needs to promote surviving, and punish people who drop die requeue 100x. I'm sure hot droppers will complain, but what's he point of making a BR game if people treat it like a 5 minute COD DM round.
The thing is, hot droppers don't care about it being BR. They just want to DM, die, rematch and repeat. In which case the battlefield series would be much better for them.
Yup. Every time bluehole tries to fix the midgame with circle changes they actually make it worse. This isn't the first circle change they did, the last one which gave you a few 1:30 second circles do not promote fighting at all. If I have to run in, and there's a team between me and the white zone, you never ever shoot unless you are sure you can kill them. Otherwise you now have a team suppressing you, while you are eating fucked by the blue.

The problem has never been the blue, it's promoting survival based play, and not hot dropping.
Even if the nest x Yale physically fits you need to double check that the software will work. Google (nest) is notorious for supporting USA first and sometimes only. 
Bluehole needs to take note. (PUBG still dips to 8hz tickrate while fortnite is a steady 20hz)
I completely agree. The 2015 Thanos looks like an alien badass. The 2018 Thanos looks like a fat humanoid being. It's 100% up to the writing and voice over by Brolin to sell me that Thanos is a badass, because the character design is comical.
While it sucks, especially because it's the part the consumer sees, all the big shipping companies have guidelines on how to package items, as they straight up tell you the average package suffers specific falls, weight on top of it, etc.

The problem is the shipping company doesn't want responsibility and the merchant doesn't want it either. They both do the bare minimum. That's why very valuable items are both packed really nicely and have premium shipping (hand sorted, special area, etc). 

This is OP's merchants fault as they clearly shipped the package like it was worthless
Not defending Ryan but social security either needs to be ended or completely rehauled, as it simply does not work anymore and is a nightmare of a program. Some generation WILL be fucked, it's only a matter of deciding if that's now or later, but the longer we wait the worse it will be to deal with later, which is why we are in this mess in the first place, we waited too long and did nothing. Just like the NK situation.
I never hot drop in solos and all my wins are 5+ kills. There's more to the game then just two extremes of hot dropping or camping a closet.
Cant wait for an M4 on an M4 meta.
I didnt watch it but I might. However as someone who does tend to watch investor meetings, and government meetings, testimonies, etc. Usually there are people that throw softballs because its in their interest, others that do the opposite because its in their interest. The real question is, what can they make stick, and out of that list, the only one I see that is plausible is the collecting and misuse of personal private information. Its also a case that NEEDS to happen, because there needs to be precedent for other companies.
You can tell in his tone that he doesnt give a fuck about about answering the question in a way the senator would understand, but being short about it and giving the answer he wants.

It wouldve been way better if he explained it, because zuck comes off like a huge douchebag in general and short answers dont help. 'Senator we like most online media companies sell ad space, like digital billboards, except they are seen by millions of people. We also have several services in which users and companies can directly give us money in exchanges for digital goods and services'. Since we are a publicly traded company, we have to be transparent with our sources of revenue to investors, if you would like to go over some of the finer details, we can arrange a meeting.
Have you asked him if he could smoke elsewhere? Also some states like CA have pretty strict smoking laws, you could check into that depending on where you live. Finally, if youre willing to get a bit passive aggressive, you could buy a smoke detector and mount it right near your window, and let it beep. If he complains just tell him its there for fire safety, and that he's triggering it and it if the beeping bothers him (it will) he needs to smoke elsewhere.
Like the other guy said, it does work, but nobody uses it outside jumping through a window or onto its window sill. Both of which I think should be removed as its a trick very few people know (in the grand scheme) and gives you a huge advantage
Yes, consistently playing increases rank points, but I dont know the metrics of what mode is played more. However the guy you are replying to is 100% right, stacking squads is VASTLY more easy than solo queue. However random squads is pretty hard (because match making does a bad job at finding equal skilled teammates)
>getting a win in squad is just much harder compared to solo

Its not, you just need to have a halfway decent squad. In squads you can cover all 4 directions, you can make up for mistakes with revive, you have a larger looting presence (get 2 8x but no health? redistribute it), etc.

Squads are only hard when you play with randoms. If you stack a team its easy.

And getting top 10 in squads is so much easier, as you only need to beat 15 teams, not 90 'teams' (solo players).

----

Back to BP though. I think there should be a BP boost for good performance across the board. Solo win becomes 2400, duo win 1200, squad win 600, and trickle it down to the top 10. This WILL promote better play, and less suicide hot drops. Now I think BP should also be distributed based on individual performance. If all 3 of your squad mates immediately die and get 0 kills, they shouldnt have more or less equal BP to you if you win the game for them with 10 kills. The player who lives the longest, and had the most kills should get a larger share of BP pool. Ive had games where this has happened, and other games where the last person alive simply quits because they dont want to play for the measly BP and challenge it is to fight squads as a solo player.
The current system is not region locking, its simply giving priority queue to people below a ping threshold. So if you play at weird hours or have higher ping, youll play with international players.
Youre telling me two guns is better than one?
Carpets also seem to be bugged or maybe intentional on erangel.
turn off the UI elements (j). When you have the normal UI you can free cam, when you have UI up it makes you drag. Im not sure if this is the correct answer, just how it works for me.
Someone is viewing that player (after death spectating feature)
Either its how that was bought or it was implemented before they had the idea of more than 4 people squads.
I HATE artificial sweeteners, and it really hurts me to see products switch over to them or be exclusive to them. Diet coke is the only product i sort of like with artificial sweeteners, it definitely doesnt taste like coke though.
Because its more profitable to do illegal things and then deal with the consequences then it is to play by the rules. See Amazon, Walmart, Intel, etc.
Guess you missed his assault charges in 2016, 2017 sexual assault allegations, and numerous intoxicated interviews over the years.
That was back in 2010 though, he's still been acting the same way for 8 years since his surgery. In 2016 he assaulted an Uber driver, 2017 accused of sexual assault, 2018 bomb hoax, and there are numerous interviews with him plastered.
> kind of a seriously dumb thing to do.

TJ miller in a nutshell.

 (for those unaware, he acts like/is an idiot and has numerous videos of him under the influence to the point where he barely has control)
I like shroud but most of those kills are against his stream snipers, who either feed or are just terrible. Also because he plays for the kills (more entertaining) his MMR (heavily based on #, not kills) is actually mediocre, so the non-snipers arent great either. Just watch the video and youll see how little danger he is in, despite being heavily outgunned and geared.



On a sidenote OP ONLY spams popular stream vods of his own channel. This violates the reddit rule, and deserves a ban,
Thats personal preference. If you look at the data, the M4 is the clearly better gun, especially when fully kitted.
Id constantly make it happen on picado and school just to piss off the hot droppers.
It is 100% the M4. The scar and M16 are good, but the m4 has insane recoil control when kitted, and accurate shots>quicker shots>quieter shots
The problem is prone is garbage in this game, especially in FPP. Now you might be asking why is it so bad when it gives you better recoil control, and makes you less visible. There are a few issues, from smallest to biggest: grass and bushes block your view, terrain isn't prone friendly you often clip the terrain or can't angle properly, and finally the biggest problem, your head is a stationary target. If you don't immediately kill your target, you'll get domed, in one or two shots.

The bipod guns really need to mount on windows, rocks, inside vehicles, ledges etc. Because prone is bad, and the bipod guns are balanced around the idea that people actually use prone.
I think the problem is it's only a fun weapon. It loses to AR's and real SR's. I pick up the VSS for fun, but it really needs a slight buff, one less shot, or less recoil, or faster velocity. If you don't kill someone in your initial volley, your done, it can't compete in a head to head fight.
Lower and/or less leading a moving target. Unfortunately some of the strength of the m24 is also a weakness, as most players will have a ton oh hours with the kar98, but very little with the m24, so when they use it, they are less accurate as they need to recalculate their aim
A better MMR system would put 99% of the hot droppers in shit tier because they instantly die every game. The players that don't hot drop would climb the ladder.

It WOULD work, but it doesn't fix the underlying problem.
Putting this on the AUG (not removable) would make the gun so much better and unique.
PLEASE do not take his word for it. Either leave the ban in place or do the research to figure it out. 

Every single day I have matches where people will team kill me, and there is no reason behind it, I am friendly and share items, but some people are just assholes or want to kill the random 4th player in a 3 person stacked squad.

Like I've had experiences where I've given people an 8x I found, then are killed. Revived them, then are killed. I report them but they never end up being banned.

 Don't be soft on bans, don't let the toxic players run the game and drive off all the good ones.
Unfortunately Facebook is reddit's dream. I mean, who wouldn't want to turn their company into one of the world's largest and most valuable companies?

The problem is the admins think people want that. Look at what happened to digg though, the admins are wrong
"Please sign this petition to replace Emilia with a cgi version, we spent a few million on this episode and she still can't act"
You could make condoms work as a prop, but the joker wouldn't just send condoms, it has to have context to make it shocking 'joke'. Like if the joker killed Damian, Bruce's son (he is, but sort of weird), he could send the condoms with a letter 'lets not make any more mistakes'. 

But really Leto is just a creep and bad actor.
Politics aside, I dont think Trump is healthy for the market, and the bull rally he's helped cause shouldnt have happened. Not trying to be *that guy* that says the market will tank, but IF Trump gets reelected, my guess is it will definitely happen (not due to reelection but simply him being in power and making bad decisions makes it extremely likely).

The harder question to answer, is if Trump gets impeached, will the market react positively due to this wild ride being over? or will they fear that Pence will abandon all the wall street beneficial policies Trump has promised and have the market tank.
In all honest if you are trying to save that type of money youre in the wrong hobby. Just buy what you can now and slowly build up. HA is rarely cheap, im willing to bet the majority of the readers here have around $250+ in HA, there are definitely some bigger fish, but most people dont stop at lights, so the cost grows.
Not solely HA, but humanity is going to have a crisis sooner or later due to automation. Robots taking over jobs, cars driving themselves, automated vacuums, etc. Theres going to be a point where we have to redefine what life is for humans. Ideally its whatever we want, but in reality I think humanity will struggle badly during the transition. The ultra rich will try and keep their profits to themselves, while they replace all their workers, which will be clearly morally wrong, but they will have more money to bribe politicians, and yeah, maybe some really bad riots in the future over automation, lets just hope they dont use that south korean robot with a machine gun, and drones, to quell the uprising but instead send gen 1 roomba's with kitchen knives taped to them.
LED bulbs and somewhat smart AC/heater. Most people are spending more money than they want at a hotel, so they just leave lights on and AC at max, even when they are out. A lot of big hotel brands have caught on to this and moved to limit those costs with simple automation and efficiency (LED), bulbs.

Also Id caution against digital cellphone based nfc locks, unless you are willing to either deal with stupid people all the time. A key or card is intuitive to most people, downloading an app or turning on NFC, unfortunately isnt, so you might have to help a lot of customers.
My comment was also a joke, if you get a magnifying glas out you can see the /s (seriously, or just copy paste it).
Thats why it was my last example. Id never go out of my way to go there, but if the plane starts at that area, there is plenty of time to loot and find a vehicle, you just cant be the last squad out and find that they took the other vehicles. Similar thing can happen on Erangel, but usually boat spawns help prevent that.
War mode is similar but not the same. With my event youd get all the loot you had and still need to make strategic decisions, while war mode is a random smg with no attachments, limited gear, you arent meant to survive, but to get kills and die. You are also forced into a tiny circle.
I do that too, especially when I know theres another squad further away. I wish the replay had a larger vision so I could see if I screwed someone over.
Yes, but its not realistic top put the camera inside someones chest to sync it with the ADS mechanic. Theres a reason why you feel short in this game.
>you can't get any loot if you don't hot drop in miramar. 

WRONG WRONG WRONG. People need to stop spreading this bullshit misinformation. Los Leones has **21** buildings that spawn military grade gear. El pozo has 13. San martin has 10. The list goes on and on. Its a FACT that statistically Mirmar has better and easier accessible loot than erangel. Not even going to bother mentioning the military base on Miramar that has more level 3 loot than the erangel military base.


Found another person who cant see it, making excuses for being a schizo.
People have said this about every Trump event, Flynn, stormy daniels, manafort, etc. Im not supporting Trump, but this raid  could be illegal activity that Cohen was into, but not Trump. Its not abnormal for people to find things they werent looking for, while looking hard for something else. Im sure Trump will be pissed either way, as its someone very close to him, and even if he's legit, its another story dragging him into this mess.
There arent enough high places in either map to justify a parachute.
Teleporting already existed, and they arent spawning in items, they are teleporting on top of crates in the air and looting them and teleporting out.
Recoil has always been random. You can aim and shots solely go left of the crosshair after enough deviation, or land dead center. 
Not sure why you were downvoted, this is definitely the case. There are less chinese players playing with me, but plenty of EU players who are, and after asking them how/why, they say they use a VPN to get better queues, and avoid the EU servers because now they feel like its worse.
This is why international investors are warned about chinese companies (in particular), because cooking the books is quite common there. Cheating goes well beyond online gaming.
He's better than OK, because rumor is bluehole sent him an invitation to become their next design lead.
TLDR; They couldnt find the chinese spying gear. ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^/s
Axon 7 owner: Make the axon 7 again, but with a better camera, not aluminum because it ruined the signal, with updated specs and stock.

ZTE: Heres a self adhesive phone with eye tracking, as it won the community contest, PS the winner was a shitty startup that rigged the votes.

Axon 7 owner: No thanks.

ZTE: heres a dual screen phone

Axon 7 owner: NO THANKS

ZTE: glass corners and 2 notches?

Axon 7 owner: see you later fam.
Actually if they were removable acrylic corners or some other material, it would be a pretty sweet idea, if the phone fell or a corner, the acrylic would crack and be damaged, but you just take it out and replace it. This idea is now patent pending, no stealing.
Yeah, the blood and use of aluminum and plastic are bullshit. He uses those materials because they are lighter, and you can see him twist items to create suction.

This is just a dude that's clamy, fat and has smooth skin.
I honestly wouldn't buy them, not because wear and tear, but because fuck miners. I want to see those few thousand in video cards drop to nothing and cost him more money.
Unpopular opinion but most large streamers share the same or similar communities. Most viewers are young, because they simply don't have work or real life shit to deal with, and gaming/memes definitely fits younger audiences. While some streamers might have better communities than others, odds are if you are a popular streamer, you have plenty of toxic fans. You don't become a large streamer by banning toxic kids and being straight laced, especially streamers that aren't pro gamers.
It definitely is both. It's a large story arc for cap and tony, but not big enough to be an avengers movie. So it's a bit odd.
I think that would make a good send off to cap besides death. He no longer aligns with the USA, or any country, due to the lack of freedom and corruption, thus cannot be an official part of the avengers, and so he becomes an independent hero that just travels and tries to make the world better. Take some photographs of him stages in different countries, use them as polaroids and news paper clippings in future movies to the avengers, and then have him reprise the role in like 8 years when the mcu needs him. Kinda like S76 in OW.
He's saving his energy for a few more months and then you'll be the one needing naps
Yes, but its BARELY faster. I used to be someone that always ran without a gun when i felt safe, but after doing some research, unless you are running across the entire map, you will see a small difference, but one thats not worth putting your AR away for.

On a side note, shotguns are the slowest and by a large margin, which is hilarious because shotguns are the gun you need mobility.
Not OP but id rather have a toggle to turn it on or off. If its off, you simply cannot move too close to a wall/window. I think most people have the issue that they are firing close to an object, move slightly either the crosshair or character, and the gun gets put away, which makes zero sense for realism or gameplay, and often is a result of a buggy system, and not trying to stick your gun into a solid object. Like there are some windows you cant shoot out of, because your bullets will hit the window sill, in real life youd just move your gun up an inch, and in most other games this is fixed by using the camera as the origin of the bullet, in pubg they did the opposite and made your camera at chest level (which is why you feel so short).
Id rather they release it when they are ready to rebalance the other guns. Balancing it around the current meta is a waste as the current meta is broken.
I agree. Fastest shooting semi-auto handgun, third highest damage (behind rhino and revolver), Second fastest reload (important for a pistol), second best recoil.

1911>p92>rhino>revolver The p18 is terrible at plinking, but great at killing someone in the same room, making it either the best or 4th depending on the scenario.
Does game bans count all bans or just permanent ones? Because PUBG often bans players for a day while they look at your account, many of these players dont remain banned. While VAC bans, unless proven to be a mistake by valve, are all permanent.
>The AKM is especially good against level 1 and 3 body armor, as the AKM takes 3/4/5 shots depending on armor level whereas 5.56 rifles take 4/4/6 shots. The AKM is also excellent at chewing up vehicles - 5.56 seems to do little to vehicles unless you have an entire team rain bullets at a passing car. 

Nullified by time between shots and recoil. Nobody thats good seriously takes an AKM over a 5.56 rifle, unless they already have a 5.56 rifle but not enough ammo.

Also your examples are very niche. Yes the M16 is good in CQC due to it having the fastest firing rate of 5.56 AR's, but falls off in mid range spray scenario's due to the stronger recoil. Yes the scar is quieter than the M4 and for single tap long range shots a suppressor works, but thats treating the gun like a SR, you wouldnt want a suppressed scar for mid range spray, youd want a compensated M4.

Finally, youre talking about just balance between AR's, when the discussion is also about making AR's in general worse, so semi-auto SR's, and SMG's and maybe shotguns will get more use. Each AR has its own niche, but AR's are not a niche.


They patched in meds the same day as the launch. But that didnt make the mode any funner.
Pretty boring IMO. Shotguns are broken in general, they either seem to do too much damage or next to nothing. The lack of flashbangs, smoke, or molotovs or pistols made the fighting one dimensional. If you wanted to win, just get vehicles, level 3 armor, and sit on the edge of the circle, until its the top 15, and nobody will bother you. Then its a matter of terrain (if open, just run people over), otherwise its RNG based on bullets hitting.

The other events were much better. Maybe the next one can be 8 man pistols only.
This is just poor business management. If I were them, id just increase the cost somewhere else and make 911 free. If the issue is prank calls, thats something the government/police should handle, not the telecom. 
Easy, nobody cares about me anyways. Take the $50 mil and buy land and fill it with puppies.
Smoking anything is worse for you. Eating cannabis is healthier than smoking it.
Cars kill more people then you realize. To put it into context, more people died in the US in cars in a year then US soldiers died in the entirety of our last war. 
Most people who use it are less productive. Which is a rather important part of society. Getting stoned and doing nothing for hours is much easier than getting drunk, which also makes you feel like shit.
Yeah what a great channel. Did you watch his video ad today which was just him showing off a retail store? LTT is garbage these days. Steve from Gamers Nexus is the one putting out quality content, not LTT.
His production has gotten better over the years while his actual content has gotten worse. It's like going from the movie Her to Transformers. I stopped watching because it's just eye candy and the reviews are worse than other available ones.
High intelligence low WPM.
must be a trackball mouse.
I think a better zombie mode would definitely be appreciated. The current one is simply boring, especially as a zombie. The problem is, would I want them to spend more time on zombies or make regular pubg better? And I think I prefer the latter. Zombies wouldve been something the modding community could do if that was delivered.
Took me a minute to figure out why anyone would do this with 10 players left. Then I realized it was the shotgun event, where nobody is going to try and kill you unless they are 10 ft away.
I agree. I am around rank 200 in solo NA, and i often play random squads and one of the biggest issues I see is players shoot anything that moves. This might be funner for them, but its a poor strategy. Engage in fights you think you can confidently win, or need equipment or a location. I dont avoid conflict, and you really cant in the late game, but theres an art to choosing which engagements to take and when or where. 
Ive seen this too, my guess is its simply the server not being able to keep up, as tickrates drop as low as 8hz in the early game.
Yes and no. A fast and somewhat safe car would work on miramar roads. As miramar driving goes one of two ways, either rock climb and hope you dont get stuck or run into people or risk the road going into a city where you might get lit up.

A fast muscle car with good steering and maybe slightly covered windshield and tires would make driving the road much safer.
Mine was perfectly fine again, until like a week ago now I get this error again :/ plenty of ram, verified files, no changes to pubg or windows, etc.
Not a secret, known issue and pretty lame if you exploit it.
Savage definitely had its own servers, after the initial issues it was WAY smoother than live servers.
Its 100% surviving. Kills barely contributes to BP and rank. The better your final # is the better your BP by a large margin (solo's are best to farm it)
Also they tend to play solo or duo, which is more profitable than squads, and since they play so often, they are usually good enough, and have good enough teammates, its easy to farm BP if you consistently do well.
I wish the zone wall was closer to fornites, solidish colored wall, I HATE the flickering effect the blue zone has in pubg, and since its pretty transparent in PUBG sometimes you misjudge where its at.
It actually has pretty bad recoil and accuracy, its mostly the same as an AKM but slightly worse, but the firing speed is around 20% faster, so you need to do bursts if you are shooting anything at range.
He has the only gun he needs, just swap the scope off. (sad but true, although an AWM would be nice)
Youre right, but without too much knowledge on UE's development, I would wonder if UE was shipping with BR improvements or if Epic kept them in house for fortnite. Because business wise it could go either way, by not including them in the public UE build they could continue to grow fortnite based on good netcode, but if they did include it they could try to get licensing fees from future UE BR's if they get big.
Its missing other guns too, like the aug, mk14, dp, etc. Also there are a few items which I have no idea wtf they are.
Better luck than a guy I played with earlier who a name 'badluck' or something. Dude was fighting our squad uphill (final 2 squads), his teammate was knocked and another reviving, he throws a nade short, it bounces off the rock and comes back and wipes his squad.
It definitely wouldnt be as popular. F2P is arguably the biggest reason why fortnite has grown so much. However it would be interesting to see how fortnite would be if the game had a $30 price tag (The single player does, but BR is free), would epic games buy more servers and increase the tickrate further? Would they have multiple maps already? I clearly prefer PUBG, but the dev team of fornite makes me jealous.
ZTE axon 7. Paid like $300 at launch after free giftcard, discount and stuff. The phone is far from perfect, but was one of the best phone values ive owned.
Do you want to *screw* her too?
Since youre now a straight female, you single?
I wear my victims clothes.
I feel like Trump would take the stage and try to give a backhanded comment to Obama if that happened. 'Great work there Obama, probably the best work youve done in 10 years'
Exactly. I disagreed with some of Obama's policies, but I dont think either of them were bad people or in it for themselves. I cant say the same for hillary and trump. 

I think the election wouldve gone differently if the democrats had at least tried to soften the hillary pick with a VP that appeased the younger generation. As an ex-virginian, kaine was a bad pick, it did little for the ticket and hillary wouldve had him by the balls. I disagree more with Bernie's policies than Obama's, but Bernie actually seems to care (opposed to hillary) and wants to better the country, so if the dems had struck a deal to make him VP and step down from the running, the election wouldve been much different. 

I honestly hope the 2020 election is much better, and that both parties learned from their mistakes, as neither side really wanted Trump to win, the republican party wouldve much rather have had their lap dog cruz in power. But I dont expect much, politics is usually a shit show.
There are pretty big downsides: No armor, health, or additional ammo. No vehicle close. Carefully have to navigate down or risk a fall death. Puts you way behind in loot if there isnt a good spawn like a kar98+8x
Id like to see pistol spawns increase and take over clothing spawns, simply so you dont end up in scenarios where you dont have any gun. Also it would be a subtle buff to non-AR's as it would increase the ammo of stuff like 9mm. 
Dont be childish. Even if you think one game is better or worse, fortnite is by far the best game to use in comparison tests due to using the same unreal engine, and having the same 100 player matches, and similar setups (spawn island, parachuting, etc).
TLDW; Fortnite's new patch has made the game have stable 20hz server rates, even during the first few minutes. PUBG has a higher maximum at 30hz, but during the critical first few minutes the game drops as low as 8hz. The overall network delay for shooting, moving, etc on fortnite is now 50% FASTER than pubg, for example in PUBG it takes 160ms for a shot to deal damage, and in fortnite its 80ms.

This thread isnt about what game is better, just that PUBG still needs some serious improvements in optimization.
Not only that but if they did redo the tests with an updated version, they'd have to worry about older phones having degraded batteries and then decide if they wanted to run the test on the original android software or update it to the latest one offered by the phone.
This honestly happens quite a bit in this scenario. I used to have a major problem where id focus drivers before finding cover, and vehicles were like magnets to me, as they would always hit me after the driver died.
Second. They gave him free shots by not moving and trying to res, which is hilariously bad since the last player literally saw both his teammates get knocked for not moving. Not trying to put the OP down, but after you get the distance right from your first shot, its easy to continue to peg stationary targets. They shouldve moved after the first shot, and if they somehow got knocked, smoke, let the person crawl a little bit, then revive when OP doesnt know the exact location of the knocked player. I killed someone earlier today with an SKS at 900M, it was fun, but completely due to their bad play and me just knowing the basics of the game.
>running/looting simulator for 20 minutes solid.

The irony is, this game had a 'running simulator' tag on steam before miramar existed. The fact is, if you get bad loot rng, and vehicle rng, its bad on both maps. Statistically, the loot is better on miramar though.
This is why I hate hot dropping. Get a gun immediately? Free kill or two. Dont get a gun? Die. Its a complete coin toss. Even if you do get a weapon, some of them like the DP, crossbow, revolver, reload so slow you will die before the reload is done.
My suggestion was just allow shotguns and SMG's to fill the third slot and be worn on horizontally on your back waist. Also to me the sawed off is the worst gun in the game, reload speed is slow, no distance, damage is worse than normal shotguns, 2 shots. Give me a pistol instead.
Im fine with the 10 bullets, but I wish it took 1 less shot the recoil gets kinda bad and you need to lob those shots FAST before the person reacts. The gun is fun, and I take it when I see it, but it really doesnt hold up well against a scope m4, or another SR. The vector on the other hand could really use a few more base bullets.
I wish boosters were much faster to drink, and healing was slower. Would make running into the blue better, and fights not always end up where you shoot someone, they hide to heal, and are healed before you can move 30 feet closer.
Lol prone and a crossbow? Must be someones first game.
client and server had different info. Shitty situation, but the only ways to fix it are, make ping lock more stringent (I commonly have EU players on NA squads), lower your own lag, and pray BH gets better netcode and servers.
While I would absolutely love this, it will never happen, as people will just drop redzone and stuff to 1% for better hearing of enemies. Im still thankful they saw their errors with the white noise ambient sound and significantly reduced that.
Personally wouldnt want brendan to sign it if it already had deadmau5 signature. Not that im a huge fan of deadmau5, but I just am really bothered that brendan called western players xenophobes for wanting a region lock. But thats just me, glad you are happy with it! probably dont use it or the signatures will fade faster.
Cool. i always enjoy finding places in games you can get access to, that maybe werent intended but the engine allows it (I love me some miramar rock climbing)

Biggest problem with this spot is there are several commonly occupied areas/buildings near you that have higher ground making you very vulnerable if you do this.
Depends on how well the device sells, when their competition announces a phone, how well that sells, if carriers are looking to boost subscriber numbers, etc. You can try and use swappa to look at historical resale values of a companies older phones to see how fast they depreciate (usually due to sales)
This reminds me of an issue that just disappeared (at least it has in my life) and people seem to have forgotten it ever existed, but do you remember 'butt dialing'? 
No stock android or stereo speakers? And how dare you exclude the most important features of a phone in 2018, the IR blaster and FM radio.

All jokes aside, besides previously popular brands like htc, sony, motorola slowly shutting down, the phones that we do get, are fucking great. Android, or to be less specific, smartphones as a whole were fucking awful years ago. Yes losing stuff like the headphone jack sucks, but phones are so much better these days. I used to have an app to auto restart my phone daily to deal with lag and freezes, roms + overclocking felt mandatory after a year of use. Phones today arent perfect, and they never will be, but every year they get better and better.
They never put together that good be video compilation they said they would :/
That girl looks a little young to be on her period
Are we talking election or the porn star affair?
Yes. Blood does not confirm or deny hit registration. The server and client can be off.
Thats generous too. These clients dont need playable FPS, they just need the game to run. You could probably get the game up and running at under 10W's with modified configs, and downclocked garbage components.
Cheap or stolen in china. Wouldnt surprise me if they accounts were stolen too due to the names
I agree. San martin actually has fewer good loot spawns, and you risk pressure from hacienda, and the hills around san martin. San martin is not a good place to land if you want to win. El pozo has slightly better loot, but I much prefer the layout and building there, and los leones is a fucking maze but has the best loot out of all the cities, assuming youre willing to walk a little bit.
As with most people that hate miramar, they just arent willing to adapt to the changes. Whether thats using vertical terrain as cover, or getting good loot outside of a few hot spots. Or planning ahead and making sure you have a vehicle before you loot until the blue comes.
I like those buildings, but they definitely dont have tier 3 spawns, just normal spawns with the low chance of tier 3. They are good buildings to look for healing items in, especially after they introduced the holes in the floors.
Round brick warehouses too. 
Honestly the midgame on both maps is bad. At least with miramar, plane paths usually go over a big city or two, on erangel you can get a flight path thats like below primorsk to below mylta power, making 50 people drop military.
The loot discussion is completely baseless, Miramar has more and better loot (more T3 spawns), proven by data mining and just playing the fucking map. I can literally get scar/m4, and tier 2 armor guaranteed every game within 3 minutes, usually find a 4x and SR too or better armor depending on RNG. Thats without going hacienda or military or prison. At most there will be 1 person you have to fight for it.
Same. When the map first came out, and I was doing dumb stuff like going military on miramar, and other people went there too and took the vehicles, I would die to blue. You cant jump at the edge loot all day, let others secure vehicles (or find out there are none in the spawns you check) and then blame the map. 


Yup its all about vertical cover. Your enemies on a mountain top? Get close enough to it and they cant see you without coming to the side, making them wide open to everyone. Get shot at? from low ground on a slope? You dont need to find a rock or tree, just a dip low enough to prone into.
Both the people that say it was added, are wrong. It never hit the test server let alone the live servers.
Possibly physics calculations, same reason the fallout and other games cap the FPS.
Its still EMI or voltage leakage. You need to get a better motherboard or soundcard (cant tell which is causing the problem from just internet text), or just go USB DAC. 
This issue was mainstream for starcraft 2, the menu would run at the maximum FPS it could, and was damaging GPU's. Blizzard patched it to limit the FPS in menus. 

I hope BH patches it too, as im sure a lot of us alt tab from the menu or walk away, and it wastes electricity, causes more heat, coil whine, etc. There is no reason NOT to limit the FPS in the menu, besides time to code it.
People downvoted you, but this definitely is an issue. The faster velocity is clearly better, take the kar vs m24, BUT if you are used to predicting headshots with a kar, since you can get one like every game, it might actually be worse for you to use the m24 if you cant adjust.
M4 also has the bullet per mag advantage, which is huge in squads or against vehicles. I used to pickup the vector for fun, but after savage gave them out and ar's like candy, the vector simply isnt worth it. You either have another SMG which is easier to find and doesnt need attachments, or you have an AR which beats the vector. The vector fills a niche that nobody cares about, its like the really poor man's groza.
UMP is the best, because it does everything, and doesnt NEED attachments. Vector and Uzi dominate close range, but the vector needs attachments BADLY and honestly at the range they are the best at, its dependent on who shoots first or who hits a headshot, not the gun. Tommy is by far the worst, due to recoil, lack of sights, etc. 

The biggest problem with the vector is by the time you get one you should already have an AR and AR's>SMG.


I agree. Groza is balanced to me. It has a clear role, and while it works outside that role it does so badly. The M4 on the other hand does everything VERY well, and is the best at midrange encounters. 
Honestly the shotguns and SMGs need the movement buff first. SMG's and shotguns should just be normal speed. Currently SMGs are a tad slower but still the fastest main gun, while shotguns are the SLOWEST in the game, slower than SR's, which I find insane as shotguns are the weapons you need to close gaps the most or take a shot and get back into cover.
The problem is, youll want the attachments for the mini, sks and MK14 which seem to be the second rarest loot in the game (just below SR suppressors), while the M4 you can attach in like 3 minutes of looting, or kar98 which doesnt really need attachments.

The next problem is, and this is going to probably annoy some people, but if you are shooting at a range where you cant hit shots, and the enemy is running, odds are you dont need to be fighting that engagement at all. Yes you possibly pickup a kill, but unless you need to move towards them, they will likely die to someone else eventually, youll never loot them, and it just wastes ammo and gives away your position, while making it harder to hear while shooting. As a top 200 solo player who moonlights in random squads, a lot of people have the mindset to shoot anything that moves, which while fun, usually makes winning way harder. PS. No I dont sneak around all game, I just dont bother with trying to kill people that will hide before I can get enough accurate shots on them (sway, recoil, etc), especially in squads where they will just revive them if they have smoke or cover.
Late game you shouldve replaced the SKS with a kar98,.

Which is another whole topic of how the kar98 is the best sniper in *general*, common enough to find, no need for attachments, OHK level 2 helmets, no limited ammo or requires prone to really handle sway.
Your statement is insane. The pixel 2 phones are easily the top 3 cameras on the market, and Google isn't a small company. If Sony, HTC, xiaomi, and even to a degree apple and Samsung have trouble keeping up, there is no way in hell essential can. For context essential has 100 employees total, Apple has 800+ working solely on their camera tech, and Google probably has brainiac locked up in their basement.
I agree but you can only do so much with 100 employees and their limited funding. Nobody should be expecting them to top Samsung or apple or Google or Huawei in cameras next year, just improve their own quite a bit.
They fucked it up so badly because the essential team was run on just *essential employees*. Despite rubin's backing, it was a startup. There were a few dozen employees, engineers were answering tech support questions and stuff. The team is now barely 2 years old with 100 employees (which is still tiny). To give you context, Apple once bragged in 2015 it had 800 employees dedicated to just camera development.


My personal thoughts are that the ph1 was a flop, that Rubin or someone else pushed them to launch before they had enough employees or r&d time. HOWEVER, the design of the phone and software support really are promising. To me they could be the bridge between apple and android. Apple design and software support, with Android hardware and os. Excluding marketing, the biggest issue they face is keeping up with these billion dollar companies in r&d, I doubt we will see them meet or beat Samsung, apple, Huawei, etc in cameras anytime soon.
The problem is the m4 does the same thing but better. I want to use the mini, but it's a glorified M16 right now with larger scopes and the worst part is SR attachments are very rare so why bother with a mini when you can have a fully kitted m4 that is better 5 minutes into a game.
I agree but don't agree with your solution. The kar98 is a skill check weapon. I'd rather just see the m24 get some special treatment, like guaranteed silencer and 8x in the crate.
The biggest problem with the DP is like all the other bipod guns, it's balanced around the idea that people use prone, which is a death sentence.

I highly advocate that the bipod guns need to be able to set up on window sills, rocks, barrels, the inside of a car, etc. This would give them the niche they need to be viable and not just fun guns that are worse. You know how awful it is to shoot from inside a car at tiny people or other moving vehicles? Now the dp and m249 and to a degree the mk14 will fuck shit up and fast.
There are very large differences. 

AKM is by far the worst and is like a slow shooting groza, so if you put a 4x+ scope on it, you're making a mistake.

M16 has the best bullet mechanics to snipe with, but recoil and lack of full auto makes it very CQC and a tapper only.

Scar is the jack of all trades master of none.

M4 is nearly the master of all trades (for an AR). It has the best recoil, and you can full spray down a few hundred meters, something that none of the other guns want to do. The scar can try and keep up but the recoil will get pretty bad after a few shots.

Ranking goes M4 > scar | M16 > AKM.

The Aug and groza are M4 tier, the Aug being slightly different, while the groza is the best gun at close range but isn't accurate at medium to long, so it's either the best or tied for the worst depending on the scenario.
It's insane at very close ranges, but the problem with it and every other SMG minus the UMP is the godawful medium-long range. Also it doesn't have the ammo capacity for multiple enemies or vehicles. The vector desperately needs lower vertical recoil and a few more bullets by default.

If you played the new Savage map, where vectors are now common spawns, you'll quickly see that they aren't a replacement for a 5.56 AR, you shouldn't got vector+sniper, but vector+AR.
I completely disagree with your sentiment in recoil, and so do the pro players. The M4 has god tier recoil, you can control a full spray at a couple hundred meters with the M4, while the scar starts deviating heavily. Also compensators are far far better for AR's as accuracy>minor reduction in noise.
PUBG mobile isnt a port, its a completely new game based on PUBG PC, none of the code came over. PUBG Xbox is 10000% a straight port, and then microsoft stepped in and said they would help, but since the game has trouble on PC, you can imagine the issues it faces on xbox.
Uzi is fairly accurate for what it is as a whole. I actually think it shoots straighter than the AKM.
They need to balance the normal weapons first. But you are right that the crate weapons are a pretty mixed bag. The way I play, is if I want to win, I ONLY will ever go to a crate if I need weapons/scopes. If I play for fun, who cares, silenced m24 sounds badass, despite it just being a slightly better kar98. The only two weapons that are vast improvements are the groza and AWM, but the groza is stuck at CQC while an M4 can do everything, and the AWM has limited ammo so you shouldnt be taking early game pot shots at someone running far away.


As for your proposed changes:

 I agree the AUG needs to be much better than the M4, and agree with those changes (M4 also needs to get nerfed in similar ways)

Agree with the groza.

I dont agree with making the m249 and mk14 world spawns, the m249 melts vehicles, and mk14 feels special, I just think both of them and the DP need bipod buffs. Where the bipod can now rest on car windows (passenger), car hoods, rocks, window sills, etc. Because going prone in this game= death, yet they are balanced around prone.

Dont agree with AWM, chest shots are easy and will be even easier with limb penetration. I think its fine where it is, and if anything id actually make its ammo very rare loot spawns, so people can enjoy it more.

M24 is in a bad place though, like I said, basically a slightly better kar98. Id be down for its crates getting a guaranteed 15x and silencer along with it or some other change that differentiates it. 



Except if you plan out your day like that, just buy brand agnostic USB based accessories, power bank, speakers, Pico projector, etc. Won't be as elegant but you can reuse them on other devices.
Exactly. What people wanted was project Ara, but a version that actually worked. What companies gave us was proprietary modules for add-ons. All the things these Moto mods can do, you can do on any phone through the USB port, it just won't be as elegant, but to me, I'd rather have brand agnostic USB devices than proprietary mods.
Actually balance the game.

 Whether that's making pistols spawn more, so you almost never have unarmed deaths, or the most obvious one, nerfing the M4 and buffing SMG's and shotguns into having their own niche that is viable.
Doesnt really matter. Streamers like shroud tend to get boosted kill numbers because of stream snipers. In this case its the AS server which notably has worse average players, before the ping lock a lot of NA players would go to AS for easy wins, as there ironically were less hackers, and the average skill level was lower.

Watch the gameplay, the dude is okay, but nothing special. He doesnt even land his parachute properly and most of the squads he faces lets him engage 1v1 instead of 4v1.
People that have been playing since miramar's launch and saying it has bad loot need to know this. 55 easily identifiable buildings that have level 3 loot.  This obviously doesnt include the other level 3 buildings, which would probably put the total number closer to 100. Which FAR surpasses Erangel. Yes Miramar has other issues, but loot isnt one of them.
I agree with the second statement, people that worry about smart locks, or easily pickable lock security are looking at this wrong, unless they are a business or openly very wealthy. Theres a reason why burglaries are also know as 'break ins', because most of them time its forced entry.

You actually want a thief to try and enter through your door, as its in the front of the house, and if they go through it via whatever method, you can easily catch the intrusion with a magnetic reed switch sensor. They use the same sensors for windows, but the problem is you can just go through the window, not break it and then open it. You can fix that with sound based security sensors or beam based ones, but they can causes false positives and add a lot more cost.
This is perfectly fine with me, especially since those sites usually aren't quality content, Forbes for example has become an independent journalist website that pumps out junk editorialized articles.
Maybe you should drop somewhere that has good loot and not pochinki. Wait till you find out pecado has shit loot except for the stadium.
That's a completely different issue, which I agree should be addressed.

But I don't want to be given the best overall gun in the game immediately every game, it defeats the point of pistols completely, SMG's and shotguns are even more worthless, and it will just be stale and remove the looting aspect.

Having AR's be a dime a dozen is like removing healing items and just auto healing like COD. It completely changes the genre of the game from survival battle royale to death match.
Hell no. Picking up the best overall gun in the game immediately after you land is broken as shit. If you don't give a single fuck about the survival aspect that demands you search for loot or hunt people down for better weapons, there are plenty of other games like Battlefield, COD, etc you can play
I have a gear s3 in my closet I need to sell. Its not a bad watch, but the HR sensor just doesnt like me and only likes to work when completely still. But by god is svoice the worst thing ever on that.
Thats kinda innovative, assuming the build quality is good, im guessing the biggest drawback will be the awkwardness in hand. How do you hold the phone in landscape? skewed withholding the front in one hand and the back in another? Even phone calls will probably feel weird due to the change in center of gravity.

Personal opinion, I love the full screen look, but dont like the liability, and awkwardness. Id probably skip this design (assuming it was from a better manufacturer), as I find a well used notch, like in the essential phone, to be more elegant.
I agree that you can easily manipulate people with the idea that their family or property could be destroyed. But lets be real here, the entire reason you see countries go to war, is to try and create a better livelihood for their own country. Name a super power that came into existence and has held that title for... forever.

Countries, empires, they only can ensure existence as long as they have the biggest stick. Once you toss it away or you break it in half, someone will come for you. 

The problem isnt weapons, its getting every human to give up the natural instinct to fight and kill, which coincides with greed.
And those people are choosing to pay more for comfort. The thermostats arent just wasting electricity or gas, they are doing what the owner wants (mostly), which is keeping them comfortable at the temperatures its set to for the triggers its set to.
Agreed, compatibility and ease of use are the two biggest issues for me. HA needs to be easy and simple to use and buy products for, making it complicated defeats the point of it.
They also dont understand why people use those USB sticks, its because its akin to keeping your cash in your mattress. USB sticks have no internet connectivity on their own, so you only vulnerable to compromise when you plug it in, you dont have to worry about your money simply disappearing.
Miramar the map people constantly complain that there isnt enough vehicles and its too hard to drive? Also shotguns easily take out vehicle tires due to multiple shot, assuming you are anywhere close.
8 man premade squads would roll over random squads with ease. The main difficulty with squad games is communication, having good teamwork surpasses individual skill, unless they are extreme differences. Its hard enough to win random squads when you have 1 mute, 1 chinese player and 1 guy who's talkative but isnt good at the game, double that, and 8 mans would get stomped. Also outside the flare mode (which the flare will likely get tweaked and implemented), these game modes are essentially custom lobbies, they wouldve needed to implement a new party system is accommodate 8 people.
I agree. Ideally the aoe should dynamically spread based on the environment. If thrown in a house room it should spread to he closet, if thrown in a field it should spread and go around trees, etc. However this is a lot of work, and for balance and ease, I'd be happy with an aoe that simply spreads to any terrain deemed 'pathable', so just a circle aoe that grows a bit.
Assuming you just want to log it's positioning, buying a very cheap android smartphone would save you money. There are Android apps that allow you to track gps data, so if that's all you want it should be fairly plug and play.
I assume you mean their hub? I don't have their hub due to costs, but if you're asking about just using Fibaro products like their wall plug, that works fine, assuming your hub integrates them (SmartThings does it perfectly for me)
Don't worry though most of the features are or will be baked in by your manufacturer before the android update.
Yes, when people stop asking difficult questions
The answer to those first two sentences: people learned Erangel after playing it for so long, different story with Miramar where ive seen people say it has no cars, no loot, no cover, etc.
This is one of the things fortnite does better than PUBG. The game isnt realistic at all, and they embrace it. PUBG really isnt realistic either, and takes huge liberties with things like redbull healing you, surviving bullets to the head, etc. Guess what game has snipers, AR's, and shotguns properly filling roles.

Even if we get to the point where AR's are not coming down, at least buff the other weapons and let them fill the third slot, and be carried on the small of your back (horizontal), then people could choose to use a shotgun in CQC if they were better.
DPS isnt everything. The recoil, small mag, and harder to find and almost required attachments are a pain. On the normal maps by the time you kit a vector youll have found several AR's, which are vastly better.
Scar is still great for taps, but full spray the M4 is vastly better.
This has been widely known for a long time now, people even purposely drive their bikes into cars in solo matches to try and send them flying.
Not even close to being a map guide, nor is it very useful. TLDW; to nobody's surprise he calls temple, training, and resort hot spots. High ground good unless youre bad and loot slow. Trench gives cover, but also makes you trapped and vulnerable.
You will just be screwing up your aim in other games.
Goodbye.
Sounds like fortnite is better for you.
Redzone needs to be predictable. Spawn it on the highest concentration of players, and not be instant kills. My idea was just to make it a mini blue zone of poison gas that is survivable ONLY if you burn through your surplus of healing supplies, otherwise it forces you out.
Look at your phone or something else. There is no reason to add addition issues to the matchmaking system which already struggles with similar skills, pings, and cant do languages yet.
They honestly need to address the current state of weapon balance before bringing new guns into the mix. We all want new guns, but whats the point if the meta remains M4+M4 or M4+kar.
I am happy that you guys are listening and trying these changes, especially so quickly. Also that you are listing the changes (please do that and be even more detailed if possible).

My biggest issue with the map right now is the loot tables, AR's are everywhere, and while some people want that, its usually because of poor balance of weapons, please reconsider making AR's normal spawn rates again, and just working on weapon balance to make other guns more viable, they dont need to do everything, like the AR does (which is the problem) just dominate a useful niche.
Vectors are worse than the M4 by a long shot. 
So a crossbow, except with a better reload time, something that the current crossbow doesnt have, which is why it is never used. Why not fix the crossbow instead?
> The M4 is the rarest Assault Rifle and takes the most attachments to achieve it's full potential

Meanwhile the sks, vss, vector, and mini are harder to get and fully load out, and all worse than the m4. Getting a fully kitted M4 takes like less than 5 minutes on miramar, without dropping prison, military or hacienda. While you can spend an entire game looking for SR attachments that some guns NEED to be okay and never find them. Balanced.
>The mini 14 being added is what destroyed the game meta IMO. If you wanna do anything yeah remove 8x from ARs altogether. 

No it didnt, and the 8x removal wont fix a thing. 4x is the only scope you need on an AR, because the point of AR sniping isnt tapping a shot off 800m away, its launching a volley of shots 500 meters away on the recoil bounces or going full spray closer. People would still take the M4 because of recoil control and full auto.

>Let snipers be sniper and ARs be ARs.

DO YOU EVEN PLAY THIS GAME? The M4 is being used to snipe people with a 4x, while mini and sks are skipped because the M4 snipes way better due to being able to put more accurate shots on someone faster than the other two.

>mini being rarer than M16 and accepting 8x should be enough to draw people to it

The mini is already rarer! So was the vector, and now the vector has a huge spawn rate on savage and nobody uses it because AR's are every 5 feet. Making other weapons rarer to incentivize them being picked up is dumb. Rare guns should be better or special (vss for example)
Depends on your definition of cheap. I am super happy with the build quality, support, and usage of both my Tplink and Fibaro smart plugs. Tplink goes on sale from time to time, but the Fibaro edges it out in features and is Zwave instead of wifi. Fibaro is also made in Poland and both are UL listed.

To me it's fine to buy chinesium grade products for stuff like led bulbs (assuming they are correctly rated), but I don't think it's wise to buy generic plugs that could be dealing with 1000W depending on the application


It would be nice if they took a look at weapon balance anytime soon. Not saying SMG's or shotguns should be amazing, but their niche needs to be clearer. AR's shouldn't just roll up into CQC combat and outperform shotguns and SMG's. Same with AR's and how they've encroached on SR's that don't OHK, like the mini and sks.
Yes. Another thread talked about this. These empty buildings are great for gameplay, as your eyes easily see players and loot, there's nothing to get stuck on or visual clutter. There's a reason why competitive players and games like maps that look like 16 bit potato.

I hope BH takes some note from CS:go, make maps clean and only use some junk to add aesthetics, you don't need it to be realistic just show some signs of life.
I've now found one stock in like 15 games. Since this post has happened multiple times, I am starting to wonder if this wasn't intentional, vectors have a high spawn rate now, so maybe the low tac spawn is to try and make vector and m4 worse? 
I agree. It's actually a bit disgusting how Savage is full of AR's. I don't want this game to be COD: TDM. You should have to earn your loot, either through fights or scavenging (spawned loot or dead bodies that you didn't kill), not be handed it. Guns lose value if you can have them all. Take the vector for example, it has a way higher spawn rate on Savage, but it's garbage compared to an AR, so the increased spawn of the vector is meaningless.

Bluehole and the players who want more AR spawns need to realize that variety is good. You don't need to give everyone he best weapon, you just need to make most weapons the best in a category. Like the VSS is a spawnable 4x silenced UMP, and the AWM OHK level 3 helms, and the crossbow is a near silent sniper weapon (but needs a buff).

Fix the other weapons to make them more viable, don't just increase the spawn of the most viable guns (AR's)
They are my favorite as they do not run on fossil fuel, but solar and water power. Im not some eco saint, but it always bothers me when people or companies choose stuff like using motorboats with nets to clean waterways, they are cresting more pollution trying to fix pollution.
https://des.gbtcdn.com/uploads/pdm-desc-pic/Electronic/image/2017/06/05/20170605153411_36088.jpg

You can line them up multiple ways, as long as they are close the magnet will work.
Seems like the CES tweaks are coming to live soon, since test servers only last so long. My question is why even bother testing on the other server, unless they are back porting code and not bringing the client up to date with CES minus the map.
1% isnt hard, honestly, im 200 for context, and you can hit top 1% simply by surviving. Its when you start getting into top .1% that you need to focus on how good you are at killing. Most games you can sneak into the top 10 without ever shooting, its not fun, but doable. Though youll rarely win if you never improve your combat skills.
CES has better server performance. Im top 200 on live, and honestly, I feel like I miss a lot of ranged shots because I have to factor in some sort of server lag (not my pc or internet). On CES, the shots go where they should, but most importantly they do so when they should. Same deal with looting and opening doors, like 100ms+ delay on live, CES feels smooth for an online game.
Im pretty sure what is happening is after the initial wave of people bluehole allocated more server resources to CES, and thats why its smoother. If youve ever played the regular test server it usually feels smoother too (but not this good). I hope im wrong though, because CES feels snappy, while live feels like theres a 100ms+ delay on everything, and shooting feels bad.
He wasnt hitting that, he was hitting the railing/guards in the stadium on the opposite side, the guy wasnt in the window, he was on the far side of the inner stadium.

I know how OP feels, for some reason the smallest things, the wooden staircase guard in houses, parts of fences, railings, a tree twig, they block all my shots. 
I agree. Miramar has its issues, but so does Erangel. 

You could argue Miramar's strengths are Erangels weaknesses, and vice versa, such as Erangel has trees everywhere, making it a pain in the ass to engage anyone with a gun that doesnt kill quickly, as they just dance around a tree 5 feet away from them, then smoke and move forward when the circle makes them. Miramar on the other hand will absolutely punish players who are out of position. Miramar has cities you can lose people and squads in, with plenty of loot for like 30 people. Erangel not so much, and the loot on average is far worse. Miramar requires rough offroad driving, while Erangel you can be blind and drive.


I dont think there should be a map selection, because Bluehole should be working to make maps better, not allow people to ignore them. Same deal with the weapon situation, the solution isnt more AR spawns (like savage has), its make the other weapons viable, and AR's, specifically the m4, not do everything.

Giving map selection and not making the underlying issues better, will just cause people to abandon maps, which is why I think BH is doing this savage test, because miramar was nearly finished and then the community had issues with it. Map selection would also need a separate unranked queue, and would just solidify competitive pubg's stance on not playing miramar.

**Heres a steak analogy:** Erangel is like a medium steak, not great but its the first steak we've had, so people loved it. Miramar is like a very rare steak; Bluehole gave it to us without asking what we wanted so we were shocked by it and disliked it ( wanted medium-rare, since erangel was medium). Map selection is like throwing the steak away. Bluehole should just cook it a bit more, and then everyone is happy. And Savage is like the waiter asking how we want our steak before cooking it, it wont be for everyone but its what the vocal people wanted.
Somehow typo'd the numbers, not a math mistake. its 23-24 vs 31-32
People would start looking for valuable items to bring with them, becoming a shitty meta game. 
No. Its definitely a bug as you can see multiple issues with it, no gun at first, then the scope doesnt render, and the snap but not an autoaim snap.
The M4 is king because it has the best recoil, and landing bullets matter more than dps, because otherwise the DP would be good.
No. The meta is already AR+SR, or AR+AR. They arent hard to find, either, so why even have other guns outside the first 2 minutes if AR's are just going to be the best guns in the game and given out like candy. The aug and groza should stay where they are, M4 should come massively down to the scar level, with it just being slightly better with tac stock. AKM is the only AR that needs a slight buff, remove some of the horrible horizontal recoil and put it into vertical, so the gun is still unique but more controllable.
3, 5, and 7. The 3 game I literally could not find anyone as I parachuted a bit far to explore, then went to training camp to fight and realized the server had 25 people left before the first blue even came in.
>grab a car

You playing the same map? SAVAGE is small, ive yet to hear a car that didnt receive gunfire and in most scenarios death. Also because of how small it is,  youre more likely to show up and its gone or you get shot at when you pull up, because someone was already under it.
Not the case at all. Check pro play and youll see that they get ignored there too.

The issue with flashes are they dont OHK, grenades arent rare, the fuse delay barely makes a difference, you have no idea if the person was blinded, and finally, flashes dont stop players, theres still a chance the guy sprays you down or is able to escape.

Grenades are by far the best, smokes come in second (maybe first in squads) but unlike the other throwables you tend to use smokes as an aid, not as a way to secure a kill. Flashbangs are a very distant third, and molotovs are absolutely worthless due to a similar radius as a grenade explosion, and very low damage tick that can be healed through.

Flashbangs are simply better than nothing, but thats the same thing I can say about pistols in this game.
Its the vietnam war, man.
The test server has better network performance than live (at least it does far after the initial wave of players), and if youre complaining about finding no weapons, boy theres something wrong with you. As far as im concerned savage doesnt have grassy landscape its actually 5.56 ammo everywhere.
Happened to me too, I didnt turn around to verify it (being a bad tester) but I thought to myself 'damn that was a smooth vault'
Well I have great news for you, SAVAGE has dynamic fog and rain. So unless people are willing to leave mid match out of hatred, lobbies for those games will be full.
Its fake. You cant just edit animations or other things and send them to other clients. What you can do in most poorly protected games is execute things in the client that are not supposed to be doable, like in GTA spawning assets, or in pubg teleporting or swimming in the air. Also the animations are way too good for it to be in the code from BH themselves.
Also the test server after its initial opening lag, now performs a lot better than the live servers (not fps wise, but server wise), so its much easier for us to hit shots, making the skill gap larger. In the live server you can definitely feel the server lag in everything you do.
I 100% am hitting more shots on CES due to better server performance, and very very seldom do I get lag (doors not opening, loot not being picked up, etc) on CES, while the main servers feel like I am playing while having a stroke, everything is delayed by a couple hundred milliseconds, and shots need to be led to account for lag, and then take some milliseconds to actually register.

It kinda sucks because I want to play squads, and get BP, but am still playing the test server right now because of its server performance.
Thats a fix but not a good one. It would be abused pretty often. For example, ever been in a vehicle and had to go down hill slower than full speed to avoid dying? Not anymore, Just go full speed at a bump and land on your neck at the bottom. 1% health is still enough to live.
Exactly. If you have a nice PC its a minute to wait in game, however if OP played squads, he'd see plenty of people dont have nice computers and barely load in before the plane ride.
Lol at "organized". There was plenty of time to revive one teammate and turn it back into a 2v1, which is always better than blindly throwing nades. Also not sure why the last guy let her climb the hill and lost a fight when she had her back turned.
As someone that plays competitively, no or limited furniture is nice you dont get stuck, you know where nades will go, its cleaner visuals etc. However the last game that I am aware of that focused solely on competitive play, Lawbreakers, was a huge flop. 

I think looking at CS:GO is a good example of how things should be done, enough junk to add some realism, but none that interrupts gameplay.
It would make shotguns more viable in general. The caveat is, slugs need to do massive damage to justify them existing, but have awful long range to prevent them from being the poor mans sniper. My idea was to make them OHK level 2 helmets so similar to kar98 damage, but have potato bullet physics after like 30 meters, so massive bullet drop, slow velocity, etc. Which also means no more OHK at close range to the body (which current ammo does on the other shotguns), and you would need to do a full reload to change ammo. This would be in line with the shotguns niche of 'go big or go home', but allow it to have some range, and not be instantly replaced by an SMG in all cases.
Same. Also vector drop rate definitely buffed, so the point where its annoying because the gun is worse than the UMP at range and too hard to kit for its effectiveness at close range.
Same issue, seems like they messed with the loot table or something. 0 tac stocks over 8 games and about 50 kills.
Also seems to no longer respect the 'if youre near the edge you are safe' strategy in live servers. I was about 20 feet from the edge, which is safe on live and died.
I disagree with the AR spawns. They are the best overall weapon in the game, so if you hand them out like candy, without nerfing them (5.56 guns, AKM is fine) SMG's become even more worthless, shotguns and pistols wont even be picked up.

There is clearly a problem with AR's, especially the M4, when players take two M4's over an SMG, shotgun or semi-automatic sniper rifle. If M4's are going to rule the game, might as well let people drop with them..
Not specifically the map feedback but the build or servers: whatever you did, the CES gameplay is VASTLY smoother with better hit registration. Please for the love of god make whatever changes you did happen to the live servers.
I believe they said this was the case, but also they gave our a few hundred thousands keys, so its not rare and wont be valuable. I signed up over 8 hours after they opened registration and got a key.
Makes sense, but BH needs to work on hot dropping, or else this will make the problem worse, as the people that won hacienda, military, training center, will just roll over the people who got scraps elsewhere and are now forced to fight earlier due to hot dropping suicides.

Also I think the final circles should spawn equidistant around players. That way you no longer get blessed or screwed by a circle that lets you camp behind a rock, while your opponents have to run up a hill without cover.
I agree, this was my concern when the map was datamined before the launch. Similar deal with Abandoned Resort. These two places suffer several issues: middle of the map, great loot, poor turf fighting (large open spaces, hard to move up or fall back), names/aesthetics that make them seem cooler. They are akin to putting the core part of military base in the middle of erangel.

Hope they address this before it launches, because I guarantee you one of those (probably training grounds) becomes the new hot drop city of this map, something that BH should be looking to end, not make worse.
I hope they wrap trees in vines and moss, add some different foliage then just shrubs/grass because right now the map feels a lot like Erangel with Vietnamese buildings, instead of being a jungle/tropic map.
One more reason grenades are the best throwable, and flash and molotovs are trash. Not hating the change, but we need some balance..
I agree, the mid game feels worse than the other maps, surprisingly. The early circles are too large and slow, and people dropping on named areas are getting slaughtered. Also unlike miramar and Erangel, driving a vehicle on this map seems to lead to death, due to how loud they are on a small map, meaning people will take their time and walk
In solos you can easily fight and win turf for yourself, as well as reap the looting efforts of the players you kill. In squads, Its a bit harder, because teams tend to take engagements a lot slower when there is cover, because of the knock system, as you can dbno infinitely as long as the opposing team cant kill them or the rest of the squad. Its MUCH easier to push an enemy in solo as you know you are fairly clear of getting fucked from elsewhere, and just have to win one quick gun fight.
Unfortunately the new adopters of the ST app seem to dislike it too, so im not getting my hopes up anymore for when they send me the transition email
I welcome this. Samsung panels are better, but LG supplying displays to phones I dont plan on buying anyways means LG will have more money and time to improve OLED instead of pulling out (like samsung did in the OLED TV market). Competition is a good thing, and those that are used to the PC market know how good things can be when a duopoly competes, and how bad they can be when one company almost is a monopoly.
They are actually known for being the ONLY mainstream OLED TV manufacturer. 

IMO Samsung would beat the pants off them in OLED TV's, but Samsung got out of that business as the cost of production was high, thus making the TV's expensive, thus becoming a niche product, Samsung moved to Qled because while its not as good as OLED in some regards, it is an improvement but without the massive oled cost or manufacturing hassles.
Filled it out, the only thing I feel like I should elaborate on is the "do we need more mods" question. As a viewer, I dont see any problem with the mods or keeping up with the work (/r/android for example could use more mods as they tend to take 5+ hours to approve posts at times). So the question is, do the mods feel like they need more help? If the answer is yes, then I dont feel like you even need to ask us.

All in all, I am happy with this sub, and as I said in my survey, the only real improvement that should happen is growing the sub, that fixes the downvoting issue, adds more content, would allow more giveaways, etc. Though thats a hard thing to ask for, as I am sure most people, especially the mods, would like to see this sub grow.
Treat it like a better UZI, so if you think you can land any shots on a person with a shotgun, you can spray, but if they are like 25M away, you need to do bursts. Honestly the gun is great up close, but the UMP is more versatile, and UZI is way easier to find and attach with similar strengths. And the gun is way too hard to find when 5.56 AR's dominate it at mid to long range.
It's not fair right now but it kinda makes sense.

Squads you have about 25 teams, so you have a 5% chance. Duos 2%, solos 1%. Which makes sense why bp is lower.

The issue is, a competent 4 stacked squad will shit all over squads filled with randoms. Yet BP is distributed the same. I am very much against treating stacked squads as equals to random squads, as it heavily favors the stack. Either queue them separately or give both bonuses to random. Seriously try random squads, one teammate is a mute, one is an idiot, one is chinese, and then there's you. As someone thats top 200 solo, random teammates tend to cause more problems for you all game until the final circles where you need meatshields and dps, as 1v4 against a competent team rarely works.

It also doesn't factor in performance, someone that dies immediately gets nearly the same bp as you do if you win the game for them. Players that carry the team via kills and living should get bigger bp boosts.


If flareguns make it into the actual game, they NEED better random of spawns, and the delay between flare and plane should be much longer. As in the event the flare would go up, and the crate would land before anyone had a chance to move and engage, unless you were already a couple hundred meters away. With normal drops you don't know if anyone was near them, so you can be further away and still get them.
The problem is that inevitably youll get someone who says fuck it and prime a nade and wipes the entire squad for killing his friends. Or people (mostly chinese) who will die specifically to make a mega team if there is no team cap.

My idea was RANDOM (to prevent TKing from stacked teams having angry survivors) Duo's, called "doubling duos" or some shit. The gimmick is that its duos, except when your partner dies, you can pickup another 1 person duo if you kill them and revive. So in essence if you can kill a person, you are back to full duo strength. 
Its both confirmation bias and 'bad luck'. when you have millions of players people do end up getting the same map 10 times in a row, but the miramar haters dont seem to remember or post about their 10 times on erangel, because they like that map.
Tree combat on Erangel is disgusting, unless you kill someone within 2 seconds they just run to a tree or circle the one their at. Its like playing fortnite. Miramar has its problems (erangel does too), but fighting outside is all about reading the terrain, and figuring out what clump of dirt will be your throne while peasants scurry like rats in some shithole they thought was a throne.
You basically had to drop in one of half a dozen very populated spots, first come first served. Id say about 30% of my games I got a flare gun, but I was always perfect dropping into those spots, and engaging in pistol fights while i looked. If you showed up 15 seconds late, odds are high that the gun is one someone and they are fleeing or regrouping.
Dont have one but I presume they are steam keys for a private beta version of PUBG, enter them in steam.
Is that steam page even US directed? I viewed it in my browser, which isnt logged in, so unless they are redirecting based on IP's, that announcement would apply worldwide, which would screw with the 'monday' time frame.
Spoiler alert: Tesla's are made in the US and Elon was salty as fuck that it was expensive to export them, all while heavily benefitting from EV tax incentives for both manufacturer and consumer (drives sales, at the cost of tax payers).
And Training Center is the new hacienda.
Play the correct server, check ping to server, change isp/contact isp, dont play game.
I play both, peeking is fine when both players are on even ground, but it becomes a huge problem when say youre in the top 10, someone sees you and you see them, both of us are now behind cover, the circle changes and now i need to run. The other player doesnt even have to stick his head out to see when im at my weakest (midrun with shooting delay, not near any cover), all he has to do is take shots when he wants. If I had waited at cover for him to peek, he never would, and id die to blue.

Peeking heavily favors the defender/player with the better position, which isnt always something you can control. The same is true with FPP but the peeker has to lean or stand up, making them visible and shootable, which greatly lowers the advantage.


As someone that plays both, I completely agree. If you arent using the third person camera and alt look to peek angles in TPP you are unfortunately playing it wrong. At one point I photoshopped a test image for a concept to fix that problem, darkening and blurring your 'peripheral vision' when you were too close to an object, like a tree or wall. This would reduce the ability to peek edges that ruin gameplay, it probably wouldnt have worked as well as I wanted but I scrapped the concept pictures and write up  because I felt like this sub would just be too immature to even discuss ways to fix tpp.
Its because animations and physics (like driving) were designed around TPP as it came out first and still is more popular (due to Asia preferring it). Which is why so many people complain that watching other people play FPP or driving in FPP makes them sick.

I play both modes, TPP feels and looks better, but FPP has better meta gameplay.
I agree, the trash piles are so high and common I often mistake them as vehicles on the side of the road. Miramar is turning into a shit hole.
Its hard to pick one for a lot of people, especially since the question is so vague. For instance, I dont think we really need to focus on camera quality for daylight images anymore, we are at a point where most pictures are consumed on your mobile devices or social media, not blown up pictures in frames. But I do think low light camera performance still needs work, even on the industry leading smartphone cameras. And for performance, raw performance is always a great improvement, it will always lead to better things. However just like the PC, we are getting to the point where performance upgrades are hard, and the real problem is getting optimized software to take advantage of the hardware and run without hiccups.

TLDR; I wouldnt want general focus on either, but focus on the weak spots of both, low light images and software optimizations.
Dont make your life revolve around social media? Dont take 2000 pictures on holiday, take a couple you will really treasure and actually go back and look at, spend your holiday doing stuff you actually like, not taking pictures (unless that is what you like..) 
Not a motorcycle rider, but rule of thumb is if you see other vehicles acting odd, safely slow down try to figure out why in the time that you have. Its hard to spot the vans decision in this case, but doing this will help you from hitting dumb fucking jaywalkers, or people pulling out through lane gaps to enter another lane or other preventable stuff that occurs in areas you can't see till it's too late.
I didn't think it was real but took a minute to appreciate how good the Photoshop was.
Sorta makes sense. At 70-90% off, you are definitely paying below the items consumer price, Target just doesnt want a lot of random shit they will sell for nickels on the dollar sitting on shelves they pay for, so they donate it, get the tax write off, and the thrift store is willing to sit on the items for longer, as they are new, so they raise the price.
So pessimistic, in china a free bullet is a free bullet.
Not bragging just giving you context but higher up the ranks around top 200 the game was PLAGUED with hackers early in the year, there are still people hacking, but the blatant hackers seem to have mostly gone away. I also notice quite a decline in chinese players on NA, there are still some, but the new screen that says 'you are lagging' makes the game nearly unplayable so thats probably why we are seeing the decline.
Depends on the situation. If you both land get to a vehicle and both get in at the same time, and then thats fine, it happens to me a bunch. The guy will usually try to find a gun first or run me over, but as soon as he gets out I take the vehicle or i go kill him.

If both players are armed and they just give or get rides, thats teaming to a degree.

Personally I dont care if people team and give free rides, but if I shoot at there vehicle and they both shoot me and not each other, thats a problem. In solo's you should never be fighting more than one person unless its bad luck or positioning strategy, or top 3 and letting one person kill the other first, when you see one but they dont see you.
Especially since a squad of 4 with 2x-4x AR's will beat a squad of 3 with the flaregun loot, hands down if they are the same skill level. People that TK for flareguns are just children, no matter their age.
Youre missing the coastal waves which dont really exist, and the winchester which sounds about as loud as an AWM.
Flashbangs are already vastly worse than grenades, they dont need nerfs.
I agree with removing quickdraw or changing it. Extended mags which are vastly better, are pretty common, extended quickdraw, at least for smg's and AR's are uncommon, so maybe it takes an extra few buildings to find it, but they arent hard to find.

Quickdraw has little place in the game right now, where everything else is better, and easy to find. If reloading took longer, then there would be a very good reason to pick it up, but right now the odds of you needing quick reload, on guns that actually kill people (pistols its kinda good at, but then again, you never want to be in a pistol fight). Id change the rarity tables and increase reload times, because right now, its bad.



Which makes sense, but the question is, whats more important, showing new players where some items could spawn or reducing server lag, hiding items, and ruining the experience for players that do use F to loot (which I'd like to take a second and say its fucking stupid that dragging in menu is faster because there no animation, making one clearly superior and the devs havent addressed this since launch)

Also you really dont need clothes to be a teaching aid, items spawn in or on buildings, and points of interest, hay bails, graves, tables. Playing the game for a single day without clothes enabled would give anyone the idea of where 95% of the loot spawns.

PS. Clothing doesnt even help indicate which areas have tier 3 loot (Sr, level 3, etc), which is vastly harder for a new player to find then common shit. If you go to the military base you get the same shit brown shoes as a shack.
I agree, however the animations and physics clearly favor TPP over FPP, which is why TPP remains so popular. TPP has some bugs and gameplay issues (favors defender), but its not hot shit like this sub treats it.
This is SOLELY for map testing, not enjoyment. And since TPP allows FPP too, you can simultaneously test both views, unlike in FPP.
and Ive gotten 8 erangel, it is 50/50, just that when you have millions of players and two maps, these anomalies are not anomalies.
In no way should map selection be allowed in a ranked leaderboard. If you add map selection it needs to be a separate unranked queue.
Its actually 50/50. People that just hate miramar tend to feel like its biased and complain about it.
Yup, drop mylta town on Erangel and youll get a few early game fights that arent complete luck.
I agree. They DEFINITELY drop too soon. If there was a longer wait, people would come contest it, but as it stands right now, if you dont have a vehicle, or arent a few hundred meters away, you arent going to do anything but look at the flare in the sky.
This is the real answer. If you ever drop pecado or hacienda in this event youll see like 3 squads MAX. People dropping in the flare hotspots are getting pistols and stuff, so it often leads to people just leaving if they get a flare or bad luck.
It depends. Nobody should be saying a flat out yes or no, without knowing the hypothetical terms. Just over $20/m would be in line with  depreciation (for samsung) for used phones. I would also want to know how scratches, dents, etc affected the plan, if you could use a 'get me out of jail' card mid year to get off a device you hate, etc.

The reality is most carriers already bake in upgrade costs into their plans, to offer users 'discounts' when they upgrade, so in a sense most people in the US are already subscribed.

At the end of the day to me, renting/leasing, only becomes attractive to me if it saves me money, and is easy. Manufacturers could offer a bit of a discount since youd be agreeing to upgrade to their next device, and not go to another brand (saves on marketing costs). And if the wear and tear policies were fair and simple, it would save me from the headache that is reselling phones.
Rent-A-Center is a giant scam scheme that prays on the uneducated who have enough money to make monthly payments but not buy items outright. Nothing illegal, but if you ever look at their pricings, terms, etc youll see that it makes zero sense to ever use them.
I don't agree at all. You say you need to experience AP, but there are countless studies, and even common sense tells you that humans find patterns and follow them because it makes life easier. The less you have to do, especially things you find a chore, the better.

Take speeding or fiddling with your phone at any point while driving, both are illegal, both are more likely to get you killed than violent acts against you, yet people do them, because if they do it once and are fine, twice, three times, etc they feel safe. Yet statistically it puts you at a lot more risk of death.

While I don't think it's unreasonable for  some drivers to be able to retain fast reaction times, and make correct judgements in a split second, the average person won't. Take the autonomous Uber accident, the driver that was paid to watch the car drive, wasn't watching (video proves it) when it killed that pedestrian. She wouldn't have been able to stop the accident, but maybe brake and have prevented the death if she was watching.
SERVERS BACK UP FOR ME (I am in a match)
Just restarted PUBG due to another bug and now I cant even play. RIP.
When this is fixed please put it in the patch notes, so people know.
Jokes are supposed to be funny. 
Is it just me or is the camera and fingerprint sensor placement odd? The cameras seem unnaturally close to the corner, and the fingerprint sensor seems pretty high on the larger 12+

Also 'most compact and lightweight, sleek design'? Sure, HTC.
Maybe if you didnt sit on the toilet all day on reddit your could check reddit after you quickly use the bathroom. If it takes you 15 minutes to poop you should see a doctor too.
I have the opposite feeling. Dollar store qtips are slightly inferior but not enough to matter to me, especially when they are 5x cheaper. Though they are pretty cheap even if you get he expensive ones
Doctors don't know the pleasure.
Surprisingly not really, but I often do feel awkward when I am frugal and the other person isn't as much and we are buying dinner or something.
They likely replaced the logic board, which includes your storage, you are always warned and heavily suggested to backup your data as companies are not responsible for it, just fixing your phone
We have to go back.

-Jack "Lost"
There's a large difference between sexualizing someone who poses in lingerie and provocative poses and asks for money for sexier images, and going to that person's house with the intent to rape them and murder their significant other. 

If I was her I would've just quit after that incident, but I don't think it's fair to say not to sexualize her, she's clearly modeling her body, not the clothing she wears like some models do.
Yay. Personally I think the hulk cgi is good, but not good enough and the character being humanoid makes it near impossible to cgi without being uncanny. Also prefer the acting and dialogue of Ruffalo vs cgi hulk.
Not if you care about low latency, which most gamers do.
I dont like this decision, I use kodi for legally owned content as it is by far the best or second best platform, between it and plex but one isnt better than the other, just different needs. I would understand if the decision was to remove auto complete of searches that were like 'kodi plugin free movies', but even then thats borderline unacceptable as there are plugins for legal kodi streaming plugins (mostly for non-cable tv channels or web series)
Personally would say buying a used slightly older smartphone would be a better experience for a similar price, but thats me.

Also the specs say fingerprint sensor, but the images ive seen dont really indicate one. Id double check that if you care about it.
400 sq ft is far too small, at that point you basically have no belongings, and probably never spend any time home. 

Also the use of subreddit size to prove that homes are less popular than tiny homes or vans, is skewed. I consider apartments or homes a norm, and would never seek out to join a sub because of that, I join subs that are niches or borderline niches, because its hard to find information elsewhere, and you wont learn that stuff as common life advice.
Not trying to nitpick, but scripting is a form of programming. Its usually much easier, but still requires you to have somewhat of a programmers mindset, and for some people once it goes from gui to text input, it doesnt matter what level of programming it is, they wont want to put that much effort in.
They sort of answered your question, but the truth is a large chunk of the money they make comes from partnerships with companies, embedded ads, referral links, 'swag', and their own subscription service. They could be completely demonetized and still function.
This is misleading as fuck. We know you don't take hardware as payment for sponsored content, but you have admitted numerous times to reaching out or being reached out to by vendors, and using said hardware in videos and specifically taking the time to thank the vendors and give them a positive blurb.

This is you purposely skating around advertising laws, because it's not direct compensation for direct advertisement.
Actually Walt Jr doesn't exist and is just symbolism of the dysfunctional marriage between walt and Skylar, hence his disability.
Not in 2018. Well maybe not on Reddit at least. A lot of forums will auto merge your posts.
It adds a lot, both in physical form factor and data tranmission if they use a newer USB spec like 3.1 gen 2. All at the cost of a few more pennies per device (yes that adds up when you sell millions of phones).

I completely understand the sentiment to keep IR in budget phones for poorer countries, as BTle and wifi direct are vastly more expensive, but in the case of usb-c vs micro, pennies.
What are they doing to do this? The reason other manufacturers don't allow custom hotwords is because of privacy concerns and local processing power. Branding is another reason but more of a side effect. There has to be a compromise something, privacy, bom cost, or accuracy.
That's not really the reason. The Chinese government has strict data laws and doesn't want foreign companies logging Chinese citizen data overseas. They also want censorship of certain subjects. This has historically put them at odds with Google (biggest issue), Apple, Amazon, etc. 


Honestly its the communities that are the problem here, not the emotes or whatever. In general Twitch and YT are extremely toxic, but there are some gems on those platforms, usually channels that are less popular, that have civil conversations. Like it or not, gaming and online videos tend to be the bastion for younger, more immature audiences, making them toxic. Competitiveness also leads into that, as we can see in fans reacting to sporting events.

The only real solution is to create content that is as mature as possible, and stamp out any viewers that have immature comments. Obviously this goes back to what I said before, this usually means the channel wont grow as much, which is why many streamers dont act out and ban viewers/subs, as they'd rather let it exist and make more money.
I dont know if I agree or not, because there are some truth and flaws in this logic. Take military for example, huge place, usually not in the zone, yet everyone drops there. Obviously two issue is that it has the best loot in Erangel, and flight paths typically go near or over it. I think some tweaking on buildings and changing loot to be shit in the center areas could help, or using the redzone or a reimagined redzone to spawn on the most populated areas could help promote variety.
Value always drops when supply grows and demand doesnt. Since the game is no longer growing exponentially, and these crates will likely be around for months at the very least, the values will drop until the game grows again or the crates are removed.
It was called 1.0 so they could sell it on xbox during the holiday season and push micro-transactions. The game is much better than it was months ago, but obviously still has a lot of issues.
Player 2 is also the person that convinced you to drop school.
Thats not how rubberbanding works. Your client says you are somewhere, and then when you get the server information, it disagrees. You can only be confident in your position the fraction of the second you warp back. All interactions done while rubberbanding are usually voided, because that leaves them open to client side hacking.
Which in itself shows why people prefer the M4, the gun is almost laser accurate, and can put shots down faster without losing much accuracy. Why deal with a gun that innately has so much random recoil, when you can use a gun that realistically does better damage in the same time frame, due to faster more accurate shots. Tie this in with desync, tickrate, hand hitboxes, etc and the m4 becomes the better choice. I rank in the top 100-200, and in the same match i can go from being a god with the sks to asking myself why I even picked it up when I already had an m4.
I prefer miramar (yes, unpopular opinion), due to better loot, larger cities, and more vertical gameplay. 

It seems like a lot of players have trouble adapting to the difference of Miramar, where you need to look for ridges, trenches, and high ground, with the occasional rocks being 'checkpoints' in between. Unlike in Erangel where you can just move 10 feet to the next tree in a lot of cases. Also driving is vastly different. In Erangel you can go full speed through practically the entire map, while in Miramar, you need to wisely decide between roads, which are fast, but camped near popular areas, or going half speed through some rougher terrain (no you shouldnt drive straight up a mountain with a van, but you should stray a bit from the road if possible, just away from large inclines)
Maybe this year he wont call players xenophobes for not wanting to play with hackers/laggers/squad mates that speak another language.
I either want them to do this (potentially with a checkbox to block each squad members drawing), or if they want to keep it simpler, just show markers on the minimap with a colored lined to the destination.
This data is worthless. It is based on damage, so it doesn't factor in accuracy, it doesn't factor in rarity, it doesn't factor in bullets per second (not DPS). All the data shows is the hardest hitting guns and also some popularity.

Look at the UMP and crossbow numbers. They are nearly identical. Which is clearly not the data we want. Why is it skewed? Because crossbows do MASSIVE damage per shot, and the UMP does medium damage per shot but you shoot many shots. 

Let's say a gun does 1 damage, it takes exactly 100 shots (ignoring modifiers and healing) to kill a person. The maximum damage the gun can do is 100 damage per kill. Meanwhile you have a gun like the AWM which does like 90 damage per shot (again ignore modifiers). So if you land two shots to kill someone the game says you did 180 damage, not 100 damage. Both guns killed one person, but the AWM has almost twice the damage than the imaginary 1 damage gun. See the issue?


I suggest you rewatch the LTT Intel videos, he bashes their commerical and enthusiast products at times, but never ever the mainstream products that Intel actually wants to sell like the X700k products. Very few people that watch LTT are willing to shell out $1000+ for a CPU. They do this as a way to look unbiased but still promote a company that gives you thousands of dollars of free products and sponsorship money. 
Not that anyone should have been taking Linus Tech Tips seriously, but they did not cover GPP, not willing to sit through their severla hours worth of podcasts to see if it was talked about there though.
I was also really bothered by what the cops said on the radio, stuff like "taking fire" that is cheesy shit tier dialogue. When your fellow officers are being turned into ground meat, you don't respond like that. Also it doesn't take a genius to realize you never ever stop a VIP vehicle that is under assault. 
It's California. It will either evaporate or we will need it for are fucking dumb almond farms or for Nestle to bottle
Came from /r/all. I quit this show when it clearly went from a journey of troubled people forced together in an apocalypse to a drama driven show that is milking the cash cow till it bleeds.

Characters change dramatically and go back and fourth like they have split personalities. Character deaths are obvious and the crew has grown and changed so much most of them don't even matter.

The show is became like Lost did. They had a successful start, figured out a formula, and just pushed it, over and over again. Lost had some more nuisance, but at the end of the day you'd get more mysteries and drama.

The problem with studios are they don't care about your experience with the media, they just want you to stay with them and keep watching. I hate when good shows end breaking bad, soon GoT, but I've seen what happens when they milk a series. 
You're either too young, inherited millions, or don't live in the US.

A W-2 is the most basic and common tax return for working a job. Like if you went to work for McDonald's youd fill out a W-2. There are other forms for self employment, working as contracted help, etc, but the vast majority of Americans fill out a W-2
This is one of my new favorite things I've found on Reddit. Very rarely is content cute and funny and a bit of a mystery.
Large map, lazy developer. If this game had a QA team, you would assign them to check the map every 100 meters or asset placed. QA bug testers typically get shit pay, and need very little knowledge, so there really is no excuse for BH besides they are incompetent, and/or know that they cant/wont fix known bugs. Anyone with experience in the UE or a couple hours of toying around can fix stuff like assets placed at the wrong Z axis coords.
Easy counter arguments:

Damage only matters if it specifically contributed to a kill. Say you do two 99 damage shots with an imaginary gun, thats no better than two 60 damage shots, assuming they do full damage and the target was at full hp. This is why DPS doesnt matter, compared to damage per bullet and bullets per second, which is different. Another comparison is grenades vs mollies, mollies can do more damage, but not instantaneous, making one terrible while the other is amazing.

Bullet velocity is useful for being more accurate at distance, but since kar's are extremely easy to find, youll have way more experience with shooting them making you more accurate with them and prediction shots.

Mag attachments are a clear upgrade, but that leads me to my final and most important point:

If you already have a kitted kar and M4, going to a crate is not worth the risk unless you get an AWM, ghillie, or maybe groza. As the upgrade to an m249, mk14, m24, aug, are not large enough to warrant the risk, unless the crate lands right near you.




Bluehole employees
That is completely true, but the problem is Erangel looks like shit, with the same reused textures and buildings. And need I mention that the 2d tree sprites do not even resemble the 3d ones, leading to players seeing through trees and leaves they shouldnt be able to?

The art team obviously cant fix hackers or stuff like the trike, but there is a LOT they can be doing to improve the game.
The good thing about miramar is that the cities are large, and there are some smaller outposts with good gear. Erangel is the opposite where you only have 1 large city, with very few good loot spawns, and so people drop 10+ into good loot areas like military, crates, prison, mylta power.

I know people dislike miramar but I can get full level 2 gear+scoped AR or BETTER in under 3 minutes with a max of 1-2 people in my immediate area every match. This never happens on Erangel, as the high value loot is too concentrated.
>I want increased AR drops. The smg and shotguns still have a place IMO. 

This contradicts itself, because we all know the moment you get an AR SMGs and shotguns get dropped or become backup weapons. Even if you dont do that, we now have stats that show how heavily those guns fall off in use as time goes on. SMGs and shotguns shouldnt be the first 3 minute weapons and then trashed, they should have value throughout the game, and AR's shouldnt do everything so well. Make AR's king of midrange, and meh at close range and long range, and let the other guns fill their niches.
> There isn't many places that have good loot

That is completely untrue on Miramar. If you know the map and the buildings you can get some level 3 gear/sr/ar within 2 minutes of landing and you might have to fight 1 dude for it. 

On Erangel you have VERY few level 3 spawn zones, and will always end up dropping near 5 or more people if you go for a good area.
The problem with this logic is if samsung made an s9 with no infinity display, then people would be begging for stock, and then theyd be begging for a larger or smaller device, then IR, etc etc. There is no perfect phone for everyone. At least there already is the Active line by samsung that is more rugged and has flat edges, but then people will go back to saying its ugly.
Especially since this subs favorite phones do the exact same thing.

That glass backing on pixel devices wasnt for antenna reception like the rumor that was propagated. The Antenna design is exactly like every other phone, and the pixel 2 with its coating is doing exactly what LG was shamed for, metal body with antenna lines cut in, covered with a substance to hide the antenna lines. The glass is 100% for brand recognition and serves no purpose (check the teardowns)
Don't agree. Hipfire (no aiming) is really good in cqc, especially when breaching with an SMG like the Uzi or taking window shots. You take the lowest movement penalty and will move faster than any armed opponent (besides pistols). Letting you take shots and push or retreat depending on the results. I either use full ads or hipfire. Shoulder fire has it's pros but they aren't great due to the cons of the animation and lower movement speed
I used to use that when i first started but learned it was garbage. Either ADS or do nothing. 

The 'hold zoom to hipfire' slightly reduces recoil and removes the small delay in your first shot, BUT you move way slower, which is actually a huge con. ADS obviously gives you the best control over your gun but also slows you down.

You don't drop apartments to have loot  superiority, you go there to have an early game fight that isn't as stupid as pecado or school. It also isn't a bad place to hold as you have high ground advantage and are in the middle of the map.
6/7 Games were Erangel for me, and I usually get Erangel (amd unpopular opinion, I prefer miramar)
This is actually fairly easy to do because when seasons reset it screws up MMR, and lobbies good players with everyone else. 
It showed up after I played one match. I couldnt click confirm but it ended up in my inventory.
Personally didnt think WeMo products were that great, and linksys have gone down in quality over the years when cisco sold off linksys, and belkin has become worse and worse over the years too. However I dont see the situation getting any better under foxconn, and for those that care, WeMo is now owned by a chinese company.
> Show me Fortnite get some mind blowing tickrate

Fortnite is F2P. While it has a worse tickrate, its not much worse than pubg. Also thats $900M from sales of the game alone, it doesnt factor in key sales, and their cut in trading items. So yeah, realistically they dont have $900m, but they definitely are floating above 300M, which is plenty to hire enough employees to get shit done faster.
The problem with that is there are PLENTY of models, and textures that need fixing or just deserve polishing that those artists could be working on. Even just texturing houses to be another color (like the groupings of yellow houses in erangel) would be an improvement.
So 3 main places to drop. Youre absolutely fucked if you dont get a boat and the circle ends on the other landmass. Water crates for days. Sounds fun /s
Play in your region or get better internet. I never get that message if I play on my server but if I play on another server sometimes I get it and it stops me from playing (rightfully so)
Choose and know your allies outfits? When I rarely play squads with friends I know who they are without the name tag.
I dont play squads because the revive mechanic is extremely dumb. Land an AWM headshot at 500m? Cool story. They will crawl behind an object, get smoked and all you really did was waste time. You shouldnt be able to revive people so easily, or heal in general for that matter.
No it wouldnt. It would just mean you cant spray at vehicles with 5.56 and be careless with rarer ammo. 6mm is extremely common and so are shotgun shells.
Problem is you give up a slot that would otherwise be an M4 or SR. Vector is great at CQC, but an AR is way more versatile, and a OHK SR is more valuable.

So guns like shotguns, SMGs, and the crossbow rarely are ever kept late game as AR's are TOO good, and SR's fill a niche that other guns cant
It will definitely help finding someone that is silenced and leaning behind a tree a few hundred meters away. Or ghillie suit users
There is a zoom bug that zooms you back in at max scope, making anything past the 4x worse at a few hundred meters.
4x is already the desired scope for AR's so that wouldnt change anything. You dont need an 8x because its harder to control the recoil, and also the zoom bug.
Because you would also need to buff EVERYTHING else. SMGs are already worse than AR's, shotguns are too inconsistent and have potato range, half the SR's are worthless, the other half barely perform better than the Kar.

**The 5.56 AR's (minus crate ones) need NERFS.** Especially the M4, but the scar and m14 could also use small nerfs to make them clearly midrange weapons, and not "jack of all trades" like they currently are.
The only real question about HTC, is if they will file bankruptcy or be harvested by a chinese firm for the name and remaining patents.
>Even Samsung can see the light at the end of the tunnel and they are trying to develop their own OS.

Tried. Tizen flopped and outside of smartwatches and one extremely budget line of phones is dead. Bada is dead too.

Samsung has pretty much given up on replacing android, and instead has determined that they will just use android as a base and skin it and include their own apps. This means they lose out on app store sales, but thats a foolish goal after coming so late to the party (see windows store, and amazon app store).

---

Also sony, lg, htc, were chasing easy money during the smartphone craze, the problem wasnt that they couldnt profit off software, its that they were reliant on other manufacturers for  components, and didnt see that Samsung and Chinese brands would crush them if they didnt have their own supply chains. Samsung mobile makes money on their phones BUT Samsung conglomerate makes money on almost ALL phones due to nand (ram, storage), and screens. Which are all the major components outside the SoC.

----

PS. Google pixel + nexus sales are so insignificant that they dont show up on most industry charts. Until they start selling a lot more, nobody even sees them on the radar. They are a niche due to price, countries sold in, and other issues.