I use it and it works fine. I just wish I could share folders. 
The ability to change media info on the fly is just on the tvOS app right? When I view media info or change subtitles on iOS the video pauses and reloads. 
I drink about 3/4 a gallon a day. 
Interesting. Maybe I will just try adding more salt to my water then. I’ve just been drinking tap water today and it hasn’t been as bad. Not as thirsty all the time. 
No way the switch hardware will be able to run whatever engine Bethesda has for the next main elder scrolls game. 
I highly doubt the next elder scrolls game is coming out on the Switch. The hardware won’t be able to handle it. Skyrim and Fallout are running on an engine that’s like 9 years old. 
You don’t get freezer burn in the zip lock bag?
What are the benefits of doing a 24hr once a week instead of just continuing 16:8 everyday?
Almost makes me want an iPad lol
This is on iPad I take it?
How will infuse benefit me over the plex app? I mostly watch plex on iOS away from home and I am a plex pass member. 
What are you doing that can get you 1000 hours in Skyrim. At some point you’ve done all the quests and completed everything right? 
Because they’re wannabes. 
I’m sure if and when Apple do a dark mode for iOS they will make it the best looking aesthetically. Which means it’ll probably be pitch black to make use of the OLED display. 
Exactly. I’ve been waiting years for this supposed Google that is going to compete with Apple on an ecosystem and pass them. I would say back in 2012 it was looking pretty close but now Google is all over the place and nothing lasts long enough to even care or get excited about it. It’s clearly many different divisions working on different projects in isolation and there’s no communication between them. It’s jarring and disjointed so why would I want to switch to that from the clean minimal seamless integration I get with the Apple ecosystem. Because of boredom? I’ve been there and done that. I always come back to Apple products. 
iOS needs it more than anything else. 
Works for me. Everyone I know and communicate with uses an iPhone and other Apple products. I’ve had custom built gaming PCs for years and Windows is absolute garbage. I’ve messed with Linux over the years and while it’s better than windows by a lot, no distribution is anywhere close to the cohesiveness and consistency of macOS. Not to mention all the little quality of life features that come with owning other Apple products. As I get older I just want hardware and software that looks nice and works consistently. Windows is neither of those things and Linux is part but it looks like ass. I’m not spending my time messing around with customizing android anymore either. I used to a lot but it’s just pointless now. 

And on top of all of this is the fact that over the years Apple has stood up for user privacy and security while Google has continued to be a data harvesting ad revenue focused company. Whether or not Apple is truly all about privacy is debatable but at least they speak out about it and their actions follow that philosophy, which is why iMessage was encrypted long ago and any data they get from you is not associated with your Apple ID. They make money off selling you hardware, not selling your data. Meanwhile Google still can’t even make a competent private messaging app. They kill every other project they start in a couple years, and there’s no cohesion across their ecosystem. They just want their “free” services on as many platforms as possible so they can harvest all that sweet sweet data. 
McDonalds sells fresh not frozen 1/4lb beef patties. They’re usually $1-$1.30 a piece. They’re delicious. I eat them all the time. Usually five at a time. 
Meanwhile I’ll be over here messaging my friends and family with iMessage which is seamless, works on all my devices, is encrypted, and handles my text messages too. Keep trying google. Maybe by 2030 you’ll have a simple messaging solution for android. 
And it won’t be encrypted, so it’s junk compared to iMessage or other services like Signal or Wire. Who cares. 
What are you replacing apple stuff with?
Very interesting. Thank you for your story. It’s one I keep reading over and over. I just don’t understand why that way of eating has become so popular and pushed so hard when people on long term feel weak, heavy, sick, etc. 
Yes mainly because there is a lack of people who’ve eaten this way long term. I know there are some out there that have for 5-10 years and that family that has for 20 years but that is still a very small sampling. I know right now I feel the best I ever have on ZC but who knows what it’s going to affect long term if I do it for another 40+ years? Vegetarians and vegans always say they feel amazing eating that way but now we’ve seen how disastrous it can be to your health after 5+ years. 
I’ve been putting some pink Himalayan salt in my drinking water because it’s reverse osmosis. Is that smart?
I did ZC for two months and then fell off and ate typical junk for about a week. I felt miserable. I gained about 8 lbs instantly, had wild mood swings, irritated a lot, slept like shit, felt bloated, farting all the time, and just inflamed in general. And I’m just a normal guy who doesn’t have any digestion issues or IBS or anything like that. I ate like that my whole life. 

I’m back to ZC now and I know without a doubt that my body and mind is a thousand times better with this woe. I sleep great and wake right up with no grogginess. My skin looks and feels better. My mood is stable all throughout the day and I don’t go off the handle. I don’t have mid day sugar crashes. My joints don’t ache, nor does my lower back (I would always wake up with lower back pain on the SAD). Lost all that inflammation weight right away. Eating this way is like lifting a fog that’s always been around you but you just got used to life like that. And that’s not even getting to all the anecdotal evidence from people who have cured all their metabolic problems. 

The problem is it’s boring. A lot of people can’t even fathom just eating meat and drinking water, so they don’t even attempt it. Or they still believe in the myth that red meat, saturated fat, cholesterol, and not eating vegetables are going to kill you. It’s been shown again and again that’s it’s actually the complete opposite. People thrive and feel the best they’ve ever felt. 

I struggle with it too. I still crave sugar and pizza. Those things are “pleasure” to me but I know that it only lasts for a few minutes and the consequences of eating those things are not worth it. They trigger cravings and then it’s even harder to resist just binge eating junk. This woe has helped me begin to separate eating from something you do when you’re sad/angry/anxious/bored/happy to something you do to fuel your body and provide it nutrients. 

I did notice a loss of energy at the beginning and for some people that could last for a week to a couple months. I still workout 6 days a week though and I haven’t noticed any loss of endurance or muscle. If anything, I have noticed faster recovery. Being more physically active will require eating more. I eat around 2.5lbs a day. I used to eat just New York strips but now I really just enjoy 80/20 ground beef. I think the steaks had too much protein and not enough fat. I use pink Himalayan salt in my food and water. 

To be fair, I haven’t noticed any crazy increase in lifting or endurance. Nor have I noticed an increase in libido. 
I use Apple Music and I like how it shows album artwork (also the iTunes mini player). I hate other aspects if the app design (white everywhere) but at least they properly display album artwork. 
From the beta screenshots it looks like they’re switching to full screen zoomed in album art. I always hated that on Google Music. Absolutely retarded design choice. 
Lol get a load of this shill. Get your google paycheck?
Please make the app work with Opener so I can open YouTube links right into Ivory. 
And now Spotify will have it too!
I don’t understand why these companies zoom in on album art. It’s fucking stupid. Google Play Music has done that since release and I can’t believe Spotify is going to switch to it. Who’s approving these stupid design choices?
I get that it’s one subscription for lots of different magazines. I’m saying I really don’t care about magazines. Not enough to pay a monthly subscription just to read whatever’s in them. If it’s something that great it’ll be put up online somewhere else I’m sure in TL;DR form. 
Even worse. Paying for frivolous magazine articles about stuff like celebrities lives. 
This. 
I’ve heard this line for years and have seen countless services come and go that were paid services to get “better news”. They all went under and couldn’t make enough money. The stories were the same garbage anyone could read anywhere else. 

The written word was devalued long ago. The cats out of the bag and there’s no going back. Information is freely spread at lightning speed across the world thanks to the internet. 
Lol why the fuck would I pay a monthly subscription to read the news. It all gets regurgitated across free sites and most news today is biased opinionated garbage with click bait headlines. 
Absolutely. 
Oh ok. I was like holy shit 22 a set is a lot. 
Great job dude! I’ve been doing ZC since the start of the year but fell off a couple times to my sweet tooth but it’s definitely something I’m working on and I can see myself eating like this forever. It’s delicious and I feel amazing. 
24 pull-ups each set!? That’s crazy. 
Cloud saves

Voice chat with friends

Easier way to add friends

Virtual console that will eventually have every game Nintendo ever released :)
I bought Skyrim back when it came out ages ago on PC. I played it hardcore for like two weeks and then like with most Bethesda games I just got burnt out. My quest log was huge, it was overwhelming and I just felt like I was doing mundane tasks over and over. 

Over the years I tried to get back into it with mods and when DLC came out but I still have never beat the main story or any DLC. The prospect of being able to quick jump in and play whenever and wherever I want on my switch does sound very tempting but I don’t think I could bring myself to pay $60 for it. Not to mention I got so many other games for my switch already that I’ve barely scratched the surface in. 
I definitely agree. I’ve been doing zero carb since the beginning of the year and it’s been great. I’ve never felt leaner or healthier. I sleep better, my moods are stable, I’m less anxious, my energy is way up, etc. a couple people around me have even started doing it and are seeing good weight loss and are feeling better. They are still very hesitant to cut out vegetables completely though. I’ve never been a big fan of vegetables so it was easy for me to say ok no veggies. They were always just bland side dishes, made me gassy, and left me still hungry an hour later. 

I’ve unfortunately had a couple times that I went off the rails and had a lot of bad carbs and sweets. I feel like complete garbage afterwards and I know it’s not worth it but I’m an addict when it comes to eating shit like pizza and candy. ZC has definitely helped me stay away from that junk and curb my cravings but it’s going to take a long time before they’re completely gone. 
I don’t see how adding fruit back in can be beneficial seeing as how it’s mostly sugar. At the very least it would make me crave bad stuff. Most people recommend cutting out fruit or rarely eating it. But what do I know. I used to think red meat was the worst for you and saturated fat and cholesterol would give you a heart attack...

This nutrition stuff is a big rabbit hole once you dive in and start reading up on stuff from various people. One person will tell you to eat as much veggies as possible, another will tell you plants aren’t doing anything for you and in some cases are poisoning you, someone will say you HAVE to eat carbs for high intensity workouts, someone else will say working out fasted and then fasting afterwards is best, somebody will say supplement x y & z otherwise you’ll die on X diet, meanwhile others will eat nothing but red meat and water and supplement nothing...

You see how this goes 
I was looking for something exactly like this. Thank you. There is a program called Numi that I use on my Mac that is similar but this is awesome for my iPhone. 
How are you liking the switch?
Please make this work with the app Opener. It would be awesome to be able to open YouTube links directly in Ivory like I used to be able to do with ProTube. 
Sounds like I won’t be using twitter again after June 19th then. Twitterrific is the only app that makes Twitter bearable. I just use it for fast news so I’ll just get my ness from reddit and Apple news now anyway. 
I grew up with PlayStation and loved the Spyro series but I just have a PC and switch so I’m hoping this is a crash remake situation where after awhile it’ll also come to the switch. I’d love to play them again remastered. 
If Pillars II is coming to switch I don’t see why divinity 2 couldn’t. 
Coming to switch?
I loved playing the original on PlayStation when I was little. Hopefully the PS4 exclusive isn’t that long because I would love to play this on my switch. It looks gorgeous. 
I wrote it off at first but I recently started using it and it’s actual pretty nice. A clean UI that is one central hub for content that is across multiple services. I just wish Netflix showed up all the time and not just when specifically searching for something. 
Always been a big pc gamer but the past year I rarely find the myself getting the motivation to sit down at my pc and boot up any games. The switch is great tho since I can play it anywhere and instantly jump in and out of games for quick sessions. 
I’m really looking forward to getting DK:TF when it comes out. I never had a Wii U so I missed it. 
I can’t even finish all the games I already got but I’m definitely getting Celeste, Owl Boy, Shovel Knight, DK:TF, Hyrule Warriors, Dark Souls, Mario Tennis, Smash, Hollow Knight, Splatoon 2 DLC, and there’s more but I can’t think of them off the top of my head. So many games so little time. 
That’s awesome news if it’s intentional. I always thought it was stupid you couldn’t go back in a radio. 
Lmao yea this is a retarded design and it drives me crazy. It’s impossible to easily queue up music on the fly on Apple Music because of what you clearly showed. Someone needs to get their head out of their ass at Apple and change it. Seeing as it took almost a year for them to make tapping what’s playing ask you if you want to view the artist, album, or playlist I’m sure we’ll have to wait another year for the queuing system to be fixed. 
I did not know this. I vacuum seal my steaks and freeze them. So if I take one out and put it in the fridge to thaw out I can leave it in there for more than 2-3 days and it’s still fine?
Fascinating. Why no cleaning your teeth with toothpaste? Aren’t you worried about your dental hygiene?
Does anyone know what fat percentage McDonalds beef patties are? Are they 80/20? I eat them a lot and was always curious. 
😴
I have a feeling people are getting way over hyped for this “event”. People are expecting way too much. The fact that it’s not even going to be live-streamed should clue you in that they’re not going to release anything. I wouldn’t be surprised if zero hardware is announced and it’s all just focused on a new iBooks and more iOS software and features for classrooms. 
The Plus will probably be $999
I loved it but I just can’t imagine putting that many hours into it hah. Maybe I’ll have to revisit it. 
That’s an insane amount in BoTW
A lot of people complain about Yoga X because of its length or “boredom” but I always feel great after doing it all. I used to hate it but now I look forward to it. Once you are comfortable with all the moves and breathing throughout it it becomes very meditative. 
I would like to know this as well.  
Apple News seems to be nicely laid out and minimal but what else about it makes it so great? I get most of my news from reddit because I can check in on topics I am interested in, and I can get breaking headlines from Twitter. On a side note, is there any way to view local news in Apple News? 

Apple needs to release Apple News on macOS.
If you have a good PC get the switch. I’m PC + Switch and it’s a great combination because I can play games I really want the best graphics of on my PC, along with shooters. But I also get all the great Nintendo games and indie games that I can play on my switch while on the go or lounging around. Sony exclusives don’t really interest me. There’s not really that many and most of them are just interactive movies. 
Do you salt your meat?
I understand what you’re talking about OP and I feel the same about Apple products (for the most part). I think it just comes down to all the little quality of life features. They are polished and all add up to a better user experience, especially when you have more than one device. When you go to another platform and lose all those little things it makes it frustrating. I’ve tried switching to android many times over the years but there’s always something about Apple that brings me back. I have a custom desktop PC but it’s basically just a gaming box and plex server. I hate doing any kind of work on it because of how disgusting windows is. I am much more productive on my MacBook Pro and it’s more pleasing to use. 
My chill mix and favorites mix are really good each week. My new music mix is usually trash. 
I’ve been exactly the same since I got a switch when it came out. I have tons of indies on my PC but hardly ever feel like playing them when I’m sitting at my computer. There is just something really great about being able to play them instantly on the go or laid back on the switch. Why is it such a perfect match for indies?
Should I go with Pixelmatr Pro or Affinity Photo?
So many games to play and so little time :(
MKBHD is a Google fanboy so it doesn't surprise me that he just glosses over the fact that Google's "ecosystem" is everywhere because of course they just want your data. Apple makes most of its profits from selling hardware and they sell more hardware by creating those little hooks that connect their products together so that you want to use them in tandem. Google throws all their services, shit or not, all over the place and for free so that they can increase users and gobble up that data to sell ad space to advertisers. 

He also forgot to mention that Apple's is by far the most complete and harmonious ecosystem. For the most part, all the products and services work together and they offer a lot of what you would need. Need a computer? Get an iMac. Need a laptop? Get a MacBook. Need a phone? Get an iPhone. Need a tablet? Get an iPad. Need a streaming box? Get an Apple TV. Need a smartwatch/fitness watch? Get the Apple Watch. Need a smart speaker? Get the HomePod. Need wireless headphones? Get the AirPods. 

The same goes for software. Need to message people? Use iMessage. Need to backup photos? Use the Photos app. Need to edit video? Use iMovie. Need to replace office? Use iWork. Need to browse the web? Use Safari. Need to listen to music? Use Apple Music. The list goes on and on. 

What I am saying is while ecosystems are kind of scummy and definitely a way for companies to lock you in to make more money off you, at least Apple's is much more polished and complete and effortless than the competitors (Google, Amazon, Microsoft, Facebook, etc.).

For me, I think the biggest factor is that I inherently trust that Apple is out to protect it's users privacy and make most of its money off of hardware (selling good products). I want to back a company that is headed in that direction because frankly, I have tried Android on and off and used to be deep in the Google ecosystem and while it is nice how cross platform it is, I don't trust Google much and if a company doesn't have a product they are selling, more than likely YOU are the product. Not to mention Google likes to ditch or revamp services all the time. They don't have a good track record when it comes to sticking with and supporting a service (outside of Gmail and Google Maps). 

I could go on and on about this topic but I will just finish by saying that there was a brief period (probably around 2012-2014) where I genuinely thought Google was surpassing Apple. Their design language and cloud services were passing Apple and hardware was getting very close. But now I think Apple is leaps and bounds ahead again (apart from cloud services). Google is like a chicken running around with its head cut off, design languages clashing everywhere, a plethora of messaging platforms, software being killed off shortly after being introduced, Big Data harvesting AI shoved into all their services, etc. I may not like some of the things Apple does (BIG BOLD HEADER FONTS IN APPS) but at least they are consistent across all their products, and they take the time to really perfect stuff. 
I liked that design the best as well. The blending off different colors from album artwork was great. This new "everything is white and empty space and huge bold text" design language is atrocious.
Awesome thread idea. I always have a hard time finding solid curated playlists on Apple Music. 
My favorite. 
I like the alarm for bedtime but I find its kind of a strange feature in the alarm app. I don't usually go to bed at the same time every night so it seems silly to have to set the bedtime time and then adjust it slightly for nights I go to bed later. I wish I could just use that alarm tone on a regular alarm. Also, I find just having my phone on my night stand by my bed causes me to use it before bed way too much so I started putting it on my desk away from my bed.
It is just a matter of time before Apple hones in Apple Music and gets everything Spotify has and more. They have the time, the money, and the user base. Spotify may have better recommendations today and better control schemes but all it takes is an update and Apple Music will have better recommendations and multi device playback control by probably utilizing the handoff/continuity features. What I am saying is that you may like Spotify today, but soon enough users will be sticking with Apple Music more or coming back to it because eventual updates will make it on par or better than Spotify, and when that day comes Spotify will be in real trouble because not only will they be hemorrhaging money but they will also now no longer have the superior service. 
When I first got mine I was trying to do this but have yet to find a sound or playlist that really helps me fall asleep. 
What is better for photo editing, Pixelmater or Affinity Photo?
I’m debating on if I will or not. It sounds good but I’m not sure it’s $350 good and as far as using Siri I’m kinda meh. 
I have a Pro controller already. Should I grab another at this price or wait for the revision everyone is speculating about?
If you contact amazon they will probably credit you the difference.
What's wrong with the dpad

Could you provide a song that is a good test of how it butchers mids?
I have been using Apple Music since it released and regularly like and dislike songs and my For You is still mostly garbage. It keeps offering up the same "Hits of <insert year>" and genres I disliked multiple times. My favorites mix seems to be spot on most of the of the time but my chill mix and new music mix more often than not is full of songs I hate. It is a joke compared to Spotify. I loaded up Spotify for the first time in months and put on my discover weekly playlist and almost every song was awesome. 
Very disappointing
We were actually thinking about doing P90X3 next but were concerned on how hard it actually is considering its only 30 mins

It is good for the category of speaker it is in. Definitely the best I have heard in this price range. It is not mind blowing tho.
Awesome. 
https://itunes.apple.com/us/playlist/homepod/pl.u-YRBvmsx9pElX

It’s very alt/rock/indie/pop heavy. I’m not a big fan of most rap or country. There’s some classical and cinematic tracks in there too. I’m still adding more to it so it’s not final. 
I’m building a massive playlist of songs I want to hear on the HomePod. 

Here it is. 

https://itunes.apple.com/us/playlist/homepod/pl.u-YRBvmsx9pElX
Thanks for the input. I am thinking I will try to go to York.
I am definitely planning on visiting the Highlands and taking a steam train ride. I hear the Jacobite is amazing. That is good to know about Reading. I will probably skip that place. I am hoping to keep the trip around $4000. I don't plan on doing anything too crazy besides sight seeing, walking, hiking, etc. Don't plan on buying a lot of stuff or seeing any expensive shows. My original plan was to actually leave London, go to Bath, seeing sights around there for a few days, going to Cardiff for a couple days, then to St. David's for a couple days, then  to Snowdonia, on to either Chester or right to Lake District, then to the highlands and Edinburgh, then back down to London and if I I have time stop at York and Cambridge. 
Plex would be nice but honestly I couldn’t care less. I like that my switch is strictly for playing games. If I want to watch media I’ll watch it on my Apple TV or my laptop or my desktop or even my phone. 
I’m in my late twenties and haven’t played a Pokémon game since second gen. The switch game needs to have really updated graphics and/or a new game style. I’ve seen the games through the years and it just looks like they’ve rehashed the exact same game for 15 years. I don’t have much hope for it considering everyone always says game freak puts just about the least amount of effort possible to pump out a new Pokémon games. 
Delectable 

Splatoon 2 so I can play with my friends!
This is me all the time on my PC. It doesn’t happen with my Switch though. 
It’s live. Got one. What a weird time. 
Honestly, I think this game would be perfect on the switch. Lighthearted graphics, less intensive graphics, and a solid battle royale. I’m not a huge fan of playing shooters with controllers (I play them on my PC) but this game I could definitely see myself playing on my switch just for some fun every once and awhile. 
While I think he makes good points as to why people shouldn’t be so quick to write off the HomePod, I don’t think he can just point to “because the iPod was super successful”. The iPod became so popular and dominated because apple revolutionized digital music distribution with iTunes and the music store. Songs were .99 and people could easily buy whatever they were looking for and put it onto their iPod easily. 

The same could be said for the iPhone and the App Store. Once the App Store came it made the iPhone completely blow up in terms of capabilities and popularity. 

This argument of the iPod being dismissed and then becoming massive has been used with every new apple product. The iPhone, the iPad, the Apple Watch, AirPods, etc. 

Just like with the iPad and Apple Watch, I’m not sure it can apply to the HomePod precisely because there’s no iTunes Store or App Store to make it really explode. The iPad sells well, and so does the Apple Watch despite cries of it being doomed. But those products are not breakthrough like the iPod and iPhone. 

The HomePod will not be a failure in any stretch of the imagination. It’ll sell well, just like the AirPods. People who have it will rant and rave about it and how great it works within the Apple ecosystem. And that will be it. It’s not gonna revolutionize anything or change the world like the iPod or iPhone. 
Pics?
This or just get a S2?
This is very annoying. I wish they’d switch back to the old behavior. 
You can turn it off but is it really off?
You can just hit the windows key on windows 10 and start typing what program you want and quick launch it. Not saying windows search is as good as spotlight but for launching programs it’s actually faster. 
I’m very interested in using one as my tv speaker through ATV
Every year since it came out has been predicted to be the year of Siri. I have yet to see it. 
Totalee matte black. It's great and cheap.
Switch port?
This is a problem in general with music now. So many artists shit out singles or what they call an “album” but it’s really just an EP with 4 tracks. Then when someone actually does release a full album it’s got like 3 it 4 bullshit remixes. 

Artists need to start releasing real albums again otherwise we’ll forever be stuck with this one off singles. 
What makes you think DropBox is any more secure than google?
I couldn’t care less about talking to my speaker and using voice assistants. I’m more interested in how good it sounds. 
How is this game with a controller?
I’m still excited to get one and try it out. I want to know how good it sounds. Couldn’t care less about speaker assistants. It’s a bit disappointing that it doesn’t have Bluetooth but oh well, I use mostly apple products anyway. 
Didn’t want to pay $80. 
Itsycal

Magnet

IINA

Scrivener

iTerm 2

BBEdit or Sublime Text 2

Streamlink Twitch GUI
How do you find using plex as a music player? The new player on desktop is nice but I listen to a lot of music on my phone and I just find listening to music through the app cumbersome. 
Looking forward to getting one and trying it just mainly for a good speaker. 
Thanks for the info and kind words! How much meat do you eat a day? Now that you’ve transitioned to burning fat do you feel like you have more endurance when running or is it about the same? Also, do you feel like you get dehydrated more on just meat?
How often do you run and how many miles? I’m very interested in hearing from runners who do the ZC diet long term and how their endurance is. Ive never been a big runner but the past year I’ve lost a lot of weight, do P90X, and have started running on the side once or twice a week. I’ve been doing this diet for two weeks and haven’t had a chance to run yet but I know when I was still eating carbs I felt like I could go longer every time I ran. Since I’m new, far for me is like 4-5 miles lol but I’m concerned about long distance endurance with no carbs.  
Because it’s a good sounding speaker? That’s why I’m getting one. I couldn’t care less about the assistants in these speakers. I just want a good sounding speaker and it is pretty absurd for the HomePod not to include Bluetooth pairing. 
Completely agree. 
I’m just excited to hear how good it sounds. 
HomePod
I’m definitely going to start eating more. This way of eating sounds great to me. I hate trying to count calories and snack throughout the day and also try to eat lots of veggies and fruit. It was like I had to constantly think and prepare to eat. 
Thanks for the advice. I will try to add more fat into my meals and see if the dry mouth thing subsides. 

Just curious, how many lbs are you eating a day now that you’ve been eating this way for awhile?
Ok I will have to try to eat more. It's getting costly tho lol
Ok thanks for the advice. My instincts were telling me that taste in my mouth was because I need more water but I am afraid of drinking too much water because I have read on here that you don't want to drink too much water because it'll have negative affects because of all the sodium from all the meat. 
I believe it coming in January  
I bought this same deal and am happy with it. You’re getting 16GB of ram, light and portable 13” size, all the ports you’d need, and a keyboard that is still great. I’ve tried the newer non touchbar macs and did not care for the new keyboard and the port compromises. The only thing I liked was the sexy space grey color. 
How do you give up soap?
This sounds amazing, especially the new radio features coming soon. I’ve been wanting a beautiful small music player. I’m definitely downloading this when I get home. It wouldn’t be a bad idea to explore making this into an app too. 
Thanks for the heads up. I’ve been trying to get my hands on this model for awhile now. 
I’ve been without a Mac for almost a year. I had a 13” MBA for 4 years. I still have a custom built desktop for gaming but I’ve been itching to get a Mac laptop again. The problem is though that I really don’t care for the new models. A refurbished 2015 15” looks like a decent deal. I’d prefer a 2015 13” with 16GB ram but I never see them on the refurbished store anymore. 
Can’t you buy a refurbished 2015 15” from Apple?
Is this like a webm?
How do you do that?
This happens to me all the time. People told me I wasn’t pressing hard enough but even when I press really hard it still happens. 
If one of you get one of these please come back and report it’s quality. I just received a Dark Olive sport loop from Apple but if this is almost identical then I’ll go with the cheaper one. From what I see on Amazon they are pretty close in quality.  Although I do see a couple reviews mentioning they are longer than the official Apple ones. 
This. Everyone’s got a hard on for these smart speaker assistants but I just don’t see it. Nothing about them looks revolutionary to me or easier than just using my phone. 
I have this same one but it’s just plugged into my desktop pc. Should I be concerned?
Oh nice I have that. It looks like they’re sold out now tho :(
I’ve been trying out my dads series 0 for about a week. I workout pretty much everyday and I run quite a bit so the exercise tracking has been fun. Apart from that it’s just nice to wear and quickly see complications and remote control music and my Apple TV. I’m definitely coming around to it as a device but I’m not quite sure if I want to drop that much money on buying myself one. 
What’s the deal with the chase card?
Whoops I meant 3.24. 
I got this morning. Ran 2.24 mi outside in the cold. 
I completely agree. This trend of Silicon Valley trying to make smart speaker assistant the next big thing needs to end. Most people do not care about talking to a speaker in their home to do the same things they do on their most used device (phone) in a clunkier way. Not to mention most of them have crap speakers. I can understand wanting the HomePod since it’s at least positioning itself as a high end speaker first and foremost. 

These families they show on commercials for the amazon Echo and Google Home...I don’t know where they exist. It must be some perfect household in Silicon Valley or NYC because they don’t exist in my world. The same goes for the hard on for self driving cars the tech media has. 
They pop up pretty frequently on the Apple refurbished store. I’ve seen all kinds of configurations. 
That’s unfortunate. I was looking forward to trying one out towards the end of the year. 
Yes. 
Where do you think is a safe place to buy one? I keep checking for refurbished ones on Apple's site but they are gone so fast.
I thought of that but don’t you have to redo it every 7 days?
I can’t stand that either. 
ProTube was the best but since “don’t be evil” Google strong armed the dev to remove it there is really only Tubex. It’s alright. 
I agree
They are pretty comparable. I like Apollo a little bit more tho so I switched from Narwhal. 
The new Razer phone has some nice thick bezels. 
No because I sold my 6S for $375 and sold 3 other iPhone X’s for $100 profit each. So the way I see it I paid $375 to upgrade. 
Assuming I believe you, do you think it’s coming in a . update like Night Shift did, or not until iOS 12?
If most of your friends and family use iOS and use iMessage than that is the single most important factor in switching. iMessage is great. Everything else is icing on the cake. 
Interested in elaborating how you know a dark mode is coming?
I upgraded to Pro and use it as my main Reddit app now instead of Narwhal. It is great on the X because it now has a true dark mode but I have noticed at low brightness the true dark mode causes the screen to flicker when scrolling because the lines separating comments and the time stamps in the top right of the comment are getting slightly covered by blacks when scrolling. It is weird.
I am going to get one and connect it to my Apple TV and try to use it as my TV speaker. It will surely sound better than my TV's built in speaker I hope. Plus it will be nice to have a nice speaker always available in the living room to just play music on. This all hinges on just how good it sounds though. For the price it better be amazing sounding.
No it looks like the blacks are smearing the text. For example, when I scroll I can see the “‘...” and time stamp on the top right side of a comment almost completely disappear, like black is smearing over it. Same thing with the thin white line separating comments. 
Pure black. 
Can you pay with that card anywhere that takes Apple Pay?
That’s actually what I’m using now. It’s not bad but I liked ProTube better because it had default quality, chrome cast support, and didn’t pause when minimizing the app. Tubex I have to bring up CC and hit play again. 
I have been saying this since the X was revealed. It makes a lot more sense to just 3D Touch the home bar to get CC than reaching all the way to the top right of the screen and swiping down. A lot of the time I go to use CC it triggers the tap to top function and whatever I was reading jumps back to the top. I guess Apple didn’t want to confuse the normal users too much by making CC a 3D Touch. 
I’m still mad protube had to be taken off the App Store. I used that app everyday. 
Peel cases are pretty minimal and good looking. 
Yea the shortage was really overblown in the US. I bought extras to try to sell for a profit to cover some of my upgrade and I will have to return them because no one is buying them and most models are available for pickup in store. 
No problem. It’s something Apple should advertise better because it makes it a lot faster than pressing the side button. I still think Touch ID is faster but if I’m just using the X and not consciously comparing FaceID to TouchID when unlocking my phone I don’t even notice the difference. It’s like less than half a second slower. 

I have noticed it can be tricky when unlocking it on a desk but after setting up FaceID again and putting the phone on a desk during the second face scan it works way better. 
You can tap the screen to wake it up too btw. 
I’m sure the 5T will be nice but I’m not sure how I feel about losing hardware button and moving the fingerprint reader to the back. Every times I’ve tried tear fingerprint readers I always hated it because I unlock my phone a lot while in a dock in my car and laying flat on my desk. 
iPhone user here (have used Nexus phones in the past) and this phone is actually looking pretty sweet to me. It looks like a great choice for people who want functionality and specs over form. The minimal black slab doesn't bother me and the specs look great. Also, 120hz screen is sweet and they beat Apple to the punch. 
Harvests all your data to send back to China. Check. 
I wonder if the 3D Touch the left edge to multitask (which is back in 11.1) will also work on the X. The swipe up and hold to get the app switcher just seems tedious. 
I’ve had a white iPhone 5, 5S, and 6S. I’m looking forward to going Space Gray this time around. I think it looks great. 
I agree. I recently got AirPods and I really do like them but every time I go to use them with my MacBook Pro I am reminded that they’re really not that magical. 
$179.99
I have 3 I want to sell but I’m worried about using eBay because of these horror stories. Should I just try to sell them over craigslist? If I do buy it now on eBay is it any better or can someone still request a chargeback?
Is there anything to be weary of when selling it on eBay?
How would that work though? Where would it fit? I think it would be too cumbersome to get to the CC if it was in the multitasking screen. The normal “swipe up and hold” to get to multitasking already seems cumbersome. 
They really should add another way to get to CC, like 3D Touching the home bar or something. Putting something people use all the time in the hardest to reach spot is poor designing. 
Are you selling them on craigslist?
I got the App Store to load up on my phone around 3:02 am EST. However I couldn’t get the store to come up on my desktop PC until about 3:10 am. 
How do we know this for sure?

Also, is the 2 limit by Apple ID or carrier account?
I had a N4, N5, and N5X and they all had little issues but they were all great bang for your buck devices so I didn’t mind if they weren’t “flagship”. If the Pixels were like $500-600 I have a feeling a lot of people would look past the issues. 
I really don’t like control center is now in the hardest to reach spot on the phone. Couldn’t they have made it also available by 3D touching the home bar or something. 
Is anyone that surprised? Every Nexus device had problems. The first Pixels had problems and now so do the second generation Pixels. Google is not a focused company. They start projects, push them for a couple years, then start something else and let the old ones die out. The only problem is now they think they are Apple in terms of hardware and design so they think their phones manufactured by other companies are worth iPhone prices. 

It’s an ad company trying to be a hardware company. Don’t expect quality. 
What if I’m paying full price for it through Apple?
I’ll be up at 2:50 am EST to get a 64GB Space Gray. 
That’s what you get when you buy a phone made by an ad company that thinks they can price their phones like an iPhone. 
I am ok with this. It looks good and functions well.
I noticed this too it’s very annoying. 
If I’m on AT&T can I buy a Verizon iPhone X at full price and use it? Im using an unlocked iPhone 6S right now and I want the Verizon model because they come unlocked on all networks so it’s better resale value. 
Do you think the likelihood of my delivery date being pushed out goes up by ordering more than 1?
Do we know how many Apple will let one account buy?
As someone who just ordered a refurbished 2017 13” MBP this makes me a bit nervous. 
Playing Divinity and Golf Story. Waiting for South Park, Mario Odyssey, and Bannerlord 😎
I loved this design. It was so much more aesthetic than this white sterile music app in iOS 10. We lost beauty for big dumb buttons for old people. 
I’ve had it a few times on my 6S. 
Google fanboy writes a flashy article about how they’re good at design, despite having not used any of the new devices. Ok. 

Josh has had a hard on for Google and Android since before he left The Verge. I think the last iPhone he used was like the 5S. I remember when ios 7 cane out he lost his mind. This is nothing more than opinionated click bait. 

I will agree that Google has gotten better at design in terms of hardware. They’re not Apple level but they’re getting there. Software wise they have taken a shit in the past couple years. The problem is Google doesn’t know what consistency means. They change their minds every year and nothing is consistent, or it’s killed off. I’ll be curious to see how long they play this hardware game this time around before they get bored and scrap it all. 
Anyone used airpods with a nintendo switch? Does it work well?
Out of stock?
I’ll be there right when it goes live ordering one and I’m really hoping I can get one on launch. 
The only idiot here is you. 

**Cost to make iPhone 4S - $188 - $207**

https://www.pcmag.com/article2/0,2817,2395035,00.asp

http://techland.time.com/2011/10/20/how-much-does-the-iphone-4s-cost-to-make/

https://www.geek.com/apple/how-much-does-the-iphone-4s-cost-apple-to-make-1432619/

**Cost to make iPhone 5 - $167 - $209**

https://www.yahoo.com/news/blogs/technology-news-blog/much-does-cost-apple-build-iphone-5-162613708.html

https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/technology/apples-iphone-5-what-does-it-cost-to-make/2012/09/20/ced2395a-031b-11e2-91e7-2962c74e7738_story.html

https://www.cultofmac.com/190822/the-iphone-5-only-costs-apple-168-for-the-parts/

**Cost to make iPhone 5S & 5C - $173 - $218**

https://www.cnet.com/news/apples-iphone-5s-costs-199-to-build-iphone-5c-goes-for-173/

https://www.nbcnews.com/tech/mobile/iphone-5s-cost-make-199-iphone-5c-173-f8C11256386

**Cost to make iPhone 6 & 6 PLus- $200 - $263** 

http://time.com/3426087/apple-iphone-6-cost/

http://www.indiatimes.com/technology/gadgets/this-is-the-actual-cost-of-making-an-iphone-6-plus-and-it-s-going-to-make-you-really-livid-251425.html

https://www.quora.com/What-is-the-actual-cost-to-make-an-iPhone-6-Plus

**Cost to make iPhone 6S & 6S Plus - $187 - $236**

https://www.recode.net/2015/9/29/11619036/apples-iphone-6s-plus-costs-an-estimated-236-to-make-749-to-purchase

https://www.gizmodo.com.au/2015/10/how-much-does-it-cost-apple-to-build-an-iphone-6s/

https://www.cnbc.com/2015/09/30/apple-iphone-6s-plus-costs-236-to-make-sells-for-749.html

**Cost to make iPhone 7 & 7 Plus - $225**

http://fortune.com/2016/09/20/iphone-7-cost/

http://time.com/money/4508221/iphone-7-mark-up-profit-margins/







Yea I am really surprised that Apple doesn't include the proper equipment for fast charging. That is pretty greedy. 
LOL yea ok...I find that hard to believe. The iPhone typically cost around $200-250 to make and they've been charging $649+ for years. You expect me to believe the X is hundreds of dollars more to make and that they aren't making a huge margin off a $999+ phone? Please.
I would like to see the built in scanner in iOS 11 vs ScannerPro. I have been using ScannerPro for a couple years and it is blazing fast and clear.
Truly the best community I ever encountered in a game, and some of the most exciting and memorable PvP. 
DAoC holds a very special place in my heart. I played it nonstop when it came out and for years after that during my teenage years. It was such a new idea compared to games I played before that I truly lost myself in it. A massive world set in medieval times with magic and knights, and playing with hundreds of other players in real time. It was like a drug. I would play for hours getting lost in exploring new areas, waiting to get into strong groups to grind away at a camp of mobs to level up, or just meeting other players. Not to mention it had (and still has) the best PvP ever to be in an MMO. I will never forget the first time I went on a relic raid. Hundreds of players coordinating and swarming across wide open battle fields outside (or inside) massive keeps, clashing against a massive amount of enemy players. 
It will.

https://www.macrumors.com/2017/09/14/face-id-works-with-sunglasses-thwarts-thieves/
It should be mentioned that on the iPhone X you can swipe left or right on the bottom of the screen to quick jump between open apps. Craig demoed this during the keynote and for some reason none of these journalists or hands-on videos talk about it or show it. 

I think 3D touching the bottom bar to go home would be neat but then how do you get to the multitasking? This journalist obviously didn't think too hard about this. If you keep swipe up for control center, make 3D touching the bottom to go home, then how does a user get to the multitasking view?
What? They removed the home button, shrunk all the bezels, and made a near edge to edge 5.8" screen in a smaller form factor. That's a pretty big redesign in my opinion. We probably won't see such a radical redesign again for years. This reminds me of the jump from the 3GS to the 4. 
No. They said in the keynote it will not unlock if your eyes are closed or if you're not looking at it. 
The physical redesign alone is the most exciting upgrade in like 5 years. 
Ok. They said right in the keynote it won't unlock if your eyes are closed or you're not looking right at it. 
They said it won't unlock if your eyes are closed or you are not looking at it. 
They said it won't unlock if your eyes are closed. 
"I was really expecting more from Apple for the 10th anniversary iPhone. I don't see enough innovation there for $1000."

Meanwhile it will be the biggest redesign since the iPhone 4.
Because at some point people started looking to mega global corporations to protect them and tell them how to behave morally. It is ridiculous and I wish it would stop. I don't care what Apple the corporation thinks. It is not a person. It is a business that is there to make money and sell people products and services. Just shut up and sell me good products and services. Stop trying to tell me what is right or wrong politically and stop pushing certain agendas down my throat. I expect more of this nonsense once they start producing more original content. Corporations don't care about you as an individual and neither does the government. Stop looking to these people to take care of you and be your mother. 
Yea I have been saying this for years. At some point the numbering system for marketing is just going to get ridiculous. They need to just make it iPhone, iPhone Plus, and iPhone Pro/Edition. Or maybe after they are all edge to edge screen it'll just be two models, iPhone and iPhone Plus.
This is very disappointing and I hope the dev can tell us what happened and if they have any future plans for the app to return. I use this app every day to watch youtube because it is much better than the actual youtube app and I am not paying $10 a month for youtube red.
VERY disappointing. 
AR exclusive features?
VR will linger on and settle into some niches while AR will take off and be the real next leap in computing. All of the major tech companies are rushing to get AR working in phones and tablets and coming up with useful scenarios where AR can be used. Apple's ARKit is already showing some real promising stuff. 
I have a 6S and before that a 5S. Before that a 4 and a 3GS. I don't see the big deal if I look forward to getting myself the new redesigned model when it comes out. I like technology and I'll buy it because it's the device I use everyday more than everything else. 
This seems like it would be pretty fun to play on an iPad.
What's your point? All phones are old after a year and a half. I wouldn't say they're "obsolete". I know plenty of people who use 5S or 5C still and they function perfectly fine and they are not interested in upgrading. Apple products tend to last longer than others. Maybe a run of the mill Android phone would be obsolete after a year and half. Hell, even the Pixel only has 2 years of software support.
More like saving money for a year and half since I knew I'd want to upgrade and rumors have been saying for a long time this model would be more. We're talking about a $1000 purchase not a $30k car or $250k house lol
I want a bigger screen in a smaller form factor abs no bezels. I'm also excited to see what software features it brings since it's losing the home button. 
The price points would be buying out right. In the US carriers don't do $200 down with contact anymore. They basically divide the price of the phone by 24 months and add that extra bit onto your monthly payment. I just buy my phones off contract. 
I usually do the same but I skipped the 6 when it came out (hated the size) but then got a 6S. I skipped the 7 because I didn't see much of an upgrade (I really wanted that matte black tho). This new model is going to be a massive upgrade. I am a sucker for big physical design changes.
A big difference if you message most people with imessage. If I am on my PC and want to send links, pics, etc. to my friends its a royal pain in the ass after awhile to be emailing things to myself or pasting links in iCloud Notes and then going onto my phone and sending them. Being able to answer phone calls on a Mac is also a really nice feature that you don't really realize how good it is until you have it. There are a lot of little features that when added together make life a lot more productive and stress free when you have a Mac and an iPhone/iPad.
I have been bracing my wallet for this phone since the price rumors started. The new physical design with a bezel-less display and no home button is enough to get me to upgrade. Everything else is just extra bonuses.
Wireless charging. 
I want to see what other features (if any) will be announced alongside it.
So...do we trust them again now, or is this worse because they got a massive backlash, panicked, and redid their policy? Hmm...
While I don't agree with this change and will probably give Ember a try, I do find it funny how upset people get over this while posting about it from an Android phone running software from the biggest ad company with the most data collection.  

I wish people would get this up in arms over Google. 
3D Touch on a song in Apple Music to pop open the shortcut menu to add it up next, add it later, etc. I can't do it on my 6S with a long press. It might be different on devices without 3D Touch.
Just the redesign with minimal bezels will be enough for me and millions of others to upgrade. I bet that phone will look gorgeous. Early leaks never look nearly as good as the official release. I'm excited to see how they handle the removal of the physical home button and if they will indeed make the lower portion some kind of touchbar area. It'll also be interesting to see what camera improvements it has since Apple is really starting to push into AR. One thing I really wish it would have is USB-C but I doubt it will ditch lightning. I'd like to see the matte black of the 7 series return but seeing as how they're returning to glass backs it probably won't. Wireless charging never appealed to me so I'm not too interested in that. 

New hardware designs and new software features are always what gets me the most excited. 
You can do command+c to copy something and then command+option+v to cut and paste.
Isn't Bear also a subscription?
It really baffles me how Apple has not added this to Apple Music. It is low hanging fruit for Continuity and Handoff.
Get ready to be up a few minutes before it goes live and spam that refresh button until it pops up and immediately order one. From past experience, have your info already setup and ready to go and use the mobile Apple Store app. 
What is this web app update you speak of?
Is this actually secure? I don't know if I really trust Mozilla anymore. 
Can you get killed underwater now?
So they added a fourth mix now? What is this one like?
I think the HomePod looks great but I am a little confused on its limits. Can it work without an internet connection? For instance, could I bring it on a trip and use it with my iPhone?
Nope but it doesn't change the fact that you can get the same or better specs for way cheaper if you can go without macOS.
Want to game on Mac? Now you can! For just a low price of $5,000 you can play 1/5th of the games you can play on your $1000 windows pc!
Good news. I am glad to see Android is getting this nice little feature.
I would like to put the 16GB in my main gaming PC and just use this pc as an office PC or home server.
What if I want to swap the ram down to 2 4GB and put a small ssd in it?
Is it easy to swap out parts in this prebuilt? 
Mine stopped working as well about a week ago. 
Does anyone else think WhatsApp is just...ugly? Like, really ugly? I can't stand the way the UI looks. I am in the US so no one I know uses it because everyone uses iMessage or FB messenger but the couple times I have tried WhatsApp over the years to see what the big fuss was about I was just shocked at how awful it looks. Compared to messaging apps like iMessage, FB messenger, Wire, Signal, Telegram, Discord, etc. it is definitely last in the looks department.
What is this easiest way on Windows to be able to highlight a section of the screen and take a screenshot without saving it as a file but just copying it? I use the shift+control+command+4 on macOS and it seems to work pretty well. 
I didn't release Twitterific had been around that long.
Here's what you do. 

Pick out the 13" MacBook Pro without touchbar, bump the ram to 16GB, use the student promo and add the $300 beats for free. Then when you get it you sell the beats unopened for $250. Now your purchase was the best bang for your buck. 
It boggles my mind how STEAM of all programs doesn't scale in higher resolutions. 
If I bought this would I still be able to take the parts out? I would want to swap everything over to a different case and possibly put the 1TB HDD in a diff pc. I have never bought a prebuilt before so I am not sure.
I have quite a large music library on my Plex and I find it "okay" as a music player. I listen to a lot of music on the go with my iPhone and by streaming. Plex can take a few seconds to load up a song and if your service gets spotty it is really bad at keeping up (unlike Apple Music/Spotify/Google Music who load a few songs in advance so theres no buffering). The iOS app actually isn't too bad for music, but its a bit of an annoyance when you first open it up because you have to drill down in the app to get to music. Managing the queue is also kind of a pain because you can't swipe over to it. You have to bring up the mini player and then hit the touch target on the top right of the screen. 

I really like the discovery page for music because it will show me stuff I haven't listened to in awhile or let me jump right back into music I have bene listening to a lot. I think it would be really cool if Plex could show you related artists if you are looking at an artist in your library. That would help me discover new music without actually having to have a streaming service. I imagine it would be just like how Last.fm works, it would just look at the artist in your library and show a list of related artists. Then I could just go to youtube and check them out and if its something I like I can explore it further and decide if I want to add it to my library via torrenting/buying. 

I thought the music video feature was pretty cool but as far as I am aware they had to get rid of it :(

I also think it would be awesome if there was some way to have a mini player on desktop with Plex (like the iTunes mini player).
Same here. Almost everyone I know uses iMessage and they're not going to use a different chat platform. 
Do you use iOS or Android? I use iOS and I feel like whenever I have tried to to photo backup with Plex over the years it never works. 
A refreshed SE with a black color like the matte black iPhone 7 would be awesome. 
They did it once when they introduced the new Mac Pro. Schiller said "can't innovate anymore my ass."
Will HDMI 2.0 do 144hz at 1440?
Now do it with the non touchbar 13". They're pretty much the same price. 
Is Stylish a legit extension? I don't know but I just don't trust it very much.
I have a refurbished 2016 13" nTB and a few of my keys make these annoyingly loud clicks after pressing them when the laptop is getting warm or hot. It's going back. 

There is a very long thread on Macrumors were quite a few people are having the same issue with their 2016 and even 2017 MBP's. A lot of them took their laptops to Apple and the Apple tried to fix them by literally putting shims underneath the keys.
When is this rumored to come out?

I didn't mind pre iOS 7 but I felt like Apple really nailed it with 7-9. Those versions were so elegant, minimal, and classy looking. This new trend of white backgrounds and absurdly big header fonts everywhere I'm not so sure of. I think it looks quite ridiculous and wastes space. I'm one of the weird people who thought Apple Music on iOS 9 looked better than it does now. 
Does this work if I bought a refurbished MacBook Pro?
I noticed this behavior on some of the more mainstream Spotify playlists and I absolutely hate it. I couldn't stand the cropped album artwork on Google Music and I really hate it on Spotify too. 
Are they going to charge again for a new version? I just bought Transmit the other day. 
Remember when they kept touting that their HUMAN CURATION will differentiate them from the others? So much for that. 

I don't understand the playlists with best music of a year. They're everywhere in my For You and they all suck. It's a dumb idea to limit the songs to one year. 
All I want to know is when is Apple going to wake up and support WebM
I just got a 13" nTB refurbished and when it's got a few of my keys make a loud popping noise. 
As someone who just got a nTB 13" MBP I hate that RES no longer works in Safari. I need a dark theme. I found a nice one with the extension Stylish on safari, but I am not sure if it's a trustworthy extension. Anyone got any experience with it?
So I need a monitor with a USB C port? Dang, I got a Dell 1440p 144hz but no USB C port on it. 
What is a good cable for hooking my MBP up to my display and getting power? Does that mean my MBP will charge off the same cable that is plugged into my monitor?
OnePlus wants to be Apple so bad. Everything they do mimicks Apple. 
Yea mine is a refurbished. 
Yea I noticed it right away when I got the machine and found a thread on macrumors where a whole bunch of people were having the same issue. My 8 and E key are especially bad. 
I recently got a nTB 13" 2016 and I do like it but mine has the issue where certain keys make a loud popping noise when the laptop is warm so it's going back. 
Scanner Pro. It's so fast and accurate. 
I have always hated ads. They drive me nuts and even way back when all I had was my iPod Video I would just listen to that in my car instead of obnoxious radio. I use ad blockers on my computers and on my iPhone. I use ProTube for ad free YouTube. I don't use any apps with ads in them. I'm all for Apple positioning themselves as the ad free ecosystem. The new safari feature in iOS 11 that tries to stop cross site tracking sounds awesome. 
I'm torn because these look better, probably sound better, and are cheaper but the AirPods are really smooth at pairing from what I hear. 
So I can bring it somewhere there isn't going to be wifi. 
That's seems pretty stupid. I'd love to be able to just use Bluetooth and then I could bring it outside the house
Does the HomePod also do Bluetooth?
This looks awesome. 
In the video he shows that you can go into AirPod settings and change what tapping each one does. For example, you could make the right one bring up Siri and the left one skip the track. 
So glad to see you can finally double tap and hold to zoom in and out in apple maps. Also, you can now customize what each AirPod does. That's awesome. 
If it sounds amazing, sure. What third party support do I need? You can Bluetooth music from any service to it. 
Oh man I do not like that. I always loved how the lock screen looked while playing music 
I think Apple has marketed this the right way, which is by promoting it as a excellent sounding bluetooth speaker first and foremost. 

All of these "assistant speakers" coming out lately don't interest me at all. I don't care about the aspect of them where I talk to it and it tells me my information. I can definitely see how some people are into that but personally I just don't care. However, I am looking for a solid bluetooth speaker that sounds amazing, and this HomePod (terrible name btw) is right in that price range. Bose and other higher end bluetooth speakers can easily reach $350. Add to that that it does have Siri baked in if you want it, it intelligently does spatial awareness with the sound, and looks great. I think I will be picking one of these up.
I really want to see gesture typing on the stock keyboard in iOS 11
I'm just going to go into tomorrow already expecting no mention of a dark mode for iOS. 
Can I get one of those codes?
There's an app called Strafe that is pretty nice. It shows all games upcoming and live and you can just watch them from there. 
Looks similar to Googles switch to their blog for new announcements and releases
Control Apple Music on your Mac from your iPhone. 
Apple would be stupid not to add this functionality this year in iOS 11.
I would like them to clean up iMessage. They've cluttered it up with iOS 10 features and now something as simple as picking a image out of your library and sending takes too many steps. 
Wow I'd never heard of Tunity before. I didn't even know something like that was possible. 
They're complaining precisely because it's falling back to SMS and SMS is shit. It's the green bubbles vs blue bubbles thing. Image limit and compression, no video, no sent or read receipt, no location sharing, long messages broken up into separate messages, group chats get busted, etc. 
WhatsApp design is atrocious. I don't know how anyone can say that is a good app with a straight face. I understand it works well and does the job but if I'm using an app countless times throughout the day to communicate with people I at least want it to look good and be a nice experience. Plus, I'm not a fan of FB and they own WhatsApp. 
The sticky factor is definitely a thing, it just depends on where you live and your social group. I live in the US and almost all my family and friends use iMessage. Every time I switch to android to try it out I always end up coming back to iOS because messaging on android is garbage and everyone is complaining that I don't have iMessage. I've tried to get people to use other apps, all the way back to when hangouts first came out. They never last and people just go back to using iMessage. 
Dark theme for some stock apps like Music, iMessage, News, Calendar, etc. 

Swype typing in stock keyboard

Redesigned notifications

Show recent contacts when sending something to someone in iMessage so I don't have to start manually typing their name

Apple Pay between Apple users via iMessage

Redesigned Apple Music app

Make Control Center one page again
Get ready for Star Wars to be the next one. 
I don't understand why they didn't just release one and make it like the iOS app where you can't buy or rent titles. They are already crippled on iOS by that but yet they have an Amazon Video app and I am sure they see a large amount of their viewers using that app on their iOS devices. I get that they want users to be able to buy and rent inside their apps but they are also losing out on a large number of people viewing their content by not releasing an app for the Apple TV.
Interesting. I played for a couple years at 1080p 144hz and at about 275fps. I've got a 1070 now and play on a 1440p 144hz monitor and still get around 275fps and I don't notice any difference. I think the whole "you need over 300 fps" argument is placebo. I've played at around 400fps before and it didn't feel any different than 275fps. 
What does anything above 144 fps matter? As far as I was aware anything above your refresh rate is just snake oil. 
I have gone through both iMessage tutorials on there and nothing's fixed it. I had it all working fine on day and when I booted up the next day I couldn't send any iMessages. I was still logged in and receiving messages but I couldn't send any. 
How were you able to get iMessage working reliably? Mine worked for a day and then stopped.
Were you able to get imessage working?
I turned my gaming pc into a dual boot hackintosh last week and it was actually really easy to get everything up and running since all my parts were compatible. However, I quickly learned that iMessage is a bitch to get working. I went through several guides, had it working, and then the next day it just stopped. I kept receiving messages but I could not reply with iMessages. 
But what about dark theme?
Do you know if there's a way to add or remove feeds in Reeder when using Feedly? 
It looks like it didn't take them long to clutter up the music app with garbage videos of original series. 
So I've got mine all up and running but I can't get iMessage to work. I've tried following the idiots guide to iMessage on tonymac but it's not doing anything. All of the other Apple services are working (App Store, iCloud, photos, etc). If I go to message someone it just says Text Message for all my contacts. Any ideas?
Thank you!
I definitely am upgrading ram soon
Do I have to have bluetooth to install everything? Or can I add a bluetooth card later?
I would look at the links for installation guides in the subreddit sidebar. It seems pretty straightforward once you know your hardware is compatible.
Apple locks you into its ecosystem which is turn gets you to buy more of their products. More news at 11. How do people get paid to write shit like this? We've known this and have been discussing it for years. 
It's fine when you're holding the device or taking it out of your pocket but it's a nightmare if your phone is sitting flat on the desk or in a mount in a car. 
Whenever I try to search for something in photos it never finds anything. It could be something as simple as "dog"
And it doesn't do anything. 
What took it so long? It says the Visa card should arrive 5-7 weeks. 
Meh I still prefer Pocket Casts
Awesome. I've had an ICC profile on my ASUS since I got it and it made it better but it's still pretty crap colors and 1080p on its panel is just blurry
Ok great thanks. I ordered one and I also play a lot of cs go. Right now I have an ASUS 144hz but I'd like something crisper and higher res for my everyday computing. I was going to try to go 4K because I have a 1070 but I don't think it's worth losing the high refresh rate and good gaming performance. 
I've never used 1440p before. How would say the resolution jump from 1080 to 1440 is? Is text clear?
Do I have to wait until I receive it in the mail to fill out my rebate? If I put my order number in the slick deals rebate page it shows up but I don't want to jump the gun on anything and mess it up. 
A podcast subscription service? Lol good luck with that. 
I used to use Alien Blue but I have been using Narwhal since it first came out and its a great reddit app and the developers are constantly adding great stuff like this.
Yea I am aware of that however I don't have an iPad :(
What did you not like about them after the initial honeymoon phase?
I would love to see them add fast charging to the next iPhone. I couldn't care less about wireless charging. I use my phone all the time while it's charging so I just want it to top off faster. The OnePlus 3T and the Pixel charge so much faster than an iPhone it is ridiculous, especially the Plus models.
I would like to see them finally bring Apple News to macOS.
I have used iOS and Android a ton and I still don't understand this complaint. How is searching through an app drawer any different than searching through springboard on iOS. It is still just a list of apps vertically or horizontally that you have to swipe or scroll through until you find the app you are looking for. I realize you can search in the app drawer but you can also search for apps with spotlight on iOS. All you have to do is swipe down on the home screen and start typing the app name you are looking for (btw you can also search for documents, contacts, photos, internet searches, etc.). 

I can see the complaint of not being able to move icons around on iOS and keeping the home screen minimal like on Android, but the whole "iOS sucks because you have to swipe around on the home screen looking for an app" just doesn't make sense. If anything, it is actually quicker to find an app on iOS. They are all right there once you unlock the phone and the search is a quick swipe away whereas on Android you now have to swipe up from the bottom to open the app drawer and then swipe around looking for the app or search within the app drawer.
Hopefully a dark mode for some stock apps in iOS 11.
After I do that will I see that music on my phone?
How do you add your own music to spotify? 
I have a 1070 and am looking to get a second monitor. Right now I'm using a ASUS VG248QE as my main monitor. I probably won't be doing much gaming on my second monitor. Should I get this monitor or go all out for 4K? 

Fuck, looks like the deal is over?
I'd love it if this game came out for the Switch. 
If you use iOS iBooks has iCloud syncing. It syncs reading spots between devices and it'll get covers and what not if you just import an ePub. 
I get that all the time. It is so annoying.
I agree it definitely needs a dark mode.
How can anyone honestly say the new Apple Music UI is better than the Spotify UI? It looks like it was designed for people over the age of 60.
I would love to see a video comparison. 
Do you use the non touchbar one?
TouchBar
Ok thanks for the input. I played with one in the store and I couldn't really picture what I'd use the TB for. I'm so used to using shortcuts that I figure I could do most of what the TB does quicker with keyboard shortcuts
Do you find yourself using the TB much? I am considering getting a 13" and not sure if I want the non TB or TB one.
How improved is the touch latency?
How often do these playlists get updated? I feel like I see the same songs in them forever. 
I have a OP3T and while I think the Badgers is fine, I will admit I tend to get a lot of blurriness in my photos. 
You can turn those feedback sounds off FYI. 
I used to be only on screen buttons when I had nexus phones but after using a OP phone I'd never go back. Capacitive buttons are much nicer. You get more screen real estate, they're easier to hit, and you can customize them to do multiple different things. Also, fingerprint reader should only be on the front. 
I have the same feeling. I don't think we'll see the next OP phone until late this year. 
Same here
I see it's the "big improvements coming soon to Siri" time of the year again. 
I just ordered one and didn't even catch that. I wonder if it's a mistake on the site. That'll be sweet if it does come with a case though 
NA here. Got one!
Try Pocket Plays if you are on Android. It is a pretty good twitch app that can cast in source.

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.nrask.notifyme&hl=en
Why doesn't it block ads?
I would assume it's comparable to a matte black iPhone 7, which are pretty durable. I haven't heard of a lot of scratches on those. The Jet Black iPhones on the other hand get massive scratches without a case. 
Yea I just noticed it says 0:00 am March 28th for North America. Why do they have to be so secret about the launch time lol
Yea I just noticed it says 0:00 am March 28th for North America. Why do they have to be so secret about the launch time lol

I didn't even know when it was going live. It's out of stock on the US store now. What a fucking joke.
wtf its already sold out on the US site...I didn't even know it was on sale already. jesus christ

edit: wait, is it not on sale for the US yet? What is going on...different launch times for different countries?
How have we reached a point where Siri can tell you information about your car but it can't play a song from a third party music app?
Who cares, there's nothing super exciting about it. 
How does the controller feel compared to other controllers? Is it pretty cheap feeling?
This looks sweet and pretty convenient. 
I think Wire is the best iMessage competitor. But good luck getting everyone to switch to it. 
Well that's upsetting. 
Yea that's what I was getting. 
Nope. I kept getting an error when trying to add one and then it was sold out in seconds. 
Nice. 
I would like to know the answer to this as well. 
Oh this is exciting. I really want a matte black 3T. I thought the other event was going to be it but was disappointed to find out it was that limited Colette partnership thing. If this is a non branded non limited supply matte black color I'll definitely be buying one. 
Get ready for Snapchat like filters in iMessage 
There was a rumor awhile back that they were planning to introduce more stations. I'm not sure if it's still happening or not. Personally I can't stand live radio. Too much cutting off songs before they're finished, annoying jockeys, and poor song choice. 
I got one at release and have been loving Zelda. I've probably spent more time playing in handheld mode than on my tv. I could see myself playing indie games or games that would fit better on a handheld than on my PC. For instance, I plan on playing shovel knight next. If the next South Park game came out on Switch I'd play it on that. However, the thing that will determine whether or not I keep my switch is what Nintendo ends up doing with their back catalog. If they add a way to play any of their old titles on the switch that would be amazing. 
I bet they are doing this so they can get artists like Taylor Swift.
Does this fix the touch latency?
Is the touch latency that people are always complaining about fixed?
Lol you people are ridiculous. It's not that big of a deal. They just posted they were announcing something a few hours before. I'm more disappointed that it has an ugly branding on it and it's limited. 
The color looks nice but fuck that branding on the bottom.
I just want the rumored midnight black color and I'm buying. 
Because people like summit1G stream it and promote it to tens of thousands of people regularly on twitch. 
If it's a blue color for the OP3T what happened to the midnight black color rumor?
Where's that rumored midnight black OP3T?
It's always been like this and I hate it. Every other music app has figured out how to do it but google refuses to change it. 
Just black
Really hope the red isn't real. 
I'm guessing this points to the rumored midnight black OP3T. I hope they unveil it soon. I'd love to get one in that color. 
How about a discount on google music subscription in celebration :)
I'm looking at ordering one soon so I hope this is true and they do release a matte black version. 
Is it a strong possibility this will be a midnight OP3T? I'm looking to order one but would definitely love to have a completely black one. 
I have been saying it since the reveal: this game will dethrone OoT as the greatest Zelda game ever. I'm thrilled to see most reviewers are saying that and this game is giving them a great time like when OoT first came out. I can't wait to play it. 
What if I want the Switch version?
I wouldn't even be surprised if this what he had in mind. 
I would if I could find one. I really messed up by not preordering one when Amazon had stock. Now theres no stock anywhere.
Exactly...
RCS sounds sweet but I don't like that it's not encrypted. 
Holy shit, how did I not know this. I am dumb. Thank you so much for showing me that!
When are we going to get the discover view for music that we have on the mobile apps? It makes it so much nicer to rediscover my music and get back to music I've been listening to lately instead of just seeing my library alphabetically. Even the pick random button doesn't work on the web player for music. 
People should've never had that hope to begin with. The Apple TV was always just another set top box among many to watch video on. The games thrown in were always a gimmick and anyone who actually plays games knew it would never amount to anything. If you want to play games get a console or build a pc. 
But but but I thought it had horrible touch latency!
Emilia Clark from game of thrones 
I think I'll just keep using PocketCasts and have a nice UI along with a dark theme. 
Oh god he's using that ugly ass card UI from the new music app. Kill it with fire. 

I think I'll stick to PocketCasts thanks. 

Also why in the world would he put the scrubber on the top of the now playing screen. That's like the hardest spot to reach lol
I'm pretty sure the 6S and 7 both have 2GB of ram and the 6S Plus and 7 Plus both have 3GB of ram...

Nevermind I just looked it up. The 7 Plus has 3 and the 6S Plus has 2. I never noticed that. 
It has the same amount of RAMas the 6S and 6S Plus??
Just use ProTube bro
I'm trying to decide if I want to get the new 13" MBP without the touchbar of a refurbished 2015 13" MBP to use for everything outside of my gaming PC. 
I have no want or need for "curated news" in my Plex. That just sounds to me like I'll have bullshit shoved in my face, bloating up my personal library. I like Plex because it's neutral. It just sits there, takes my media, and serves it up in a nice looking application on any device. The last thing I want is for them to try to get into curating content. If they want to try something different and try to serve their own content how about offering a music streaming service? I feel like that would be a better fit for them instead of news clips. It would be completely optional but maybe some people would pay $5-10 a month for a Apple Music/Google Music/Amazon Music type of service that lets you listen to any music you want alongside your own library. Plex already had years of experience designing stuff like that. 
The only thing I miss is iMessage
Really wish ProTube had this. 
The Nintendo Switch has a dark theme before Apple has one on iOS. 

What a time to be alive. 
I've never understood the circle jerk around Overcast. The design is dull and it's a basic podcast player with a feature that was unique when it first came out. That being the feature that removes silent points in the podcast. However this has already been added to PocketCasts and I think PocketCasts is a great podcast app. The developers are very nice and they've been adding great features over the years. I think Overcast just gets praised so highly because it was developed by Marco Arment and therefore all the Apple loyalists praise it like it's some golden app. 

Edit: I should also point out that PocketCasts has excellent sync that works across all devices and platforms. They even have a very nice web player. 
Here's to hoping iOS 11 brings some massive improvements. I wasn't impressed with iOS 10. 
I always expect Apple to blow us away with hardware. They usually always deliver. I'm more interested in software at this point. What are they going to do with iOS 11 to make it amazing again. 
Forget wireless charging. Give me fast charging. 
This. Let me play the whole Nintendo catalog on the switch. 
Give it up
I haven't been this excited for a Zelda game since the OoT and MM days. I really feel like this one will be an amazing game and will be put up there with those two and ALttP
Scoble is always talking out his ass. I highly doubt Apple will have an AR consumer product ready for release this year
I've seen it in a few but more often than not there are no hours. 
I mostly use Google Maps when I need to see what hours a place is open. I wish Apple Maps would add that. 
I'm not sure about the cloud drive data problems. I just run my server on my gaming rig with an external drive. I have definitely experienced the flakiness of trying to access the universal menu in the Apple TV with the remote. 
I've found the Apple TV app to be very good. I've tried the Shield, Chromecast, Roku, and Fire TV. 
News?

I would've figured a music streaming service or audiobook support would've made more sense
This is a very annoying change. I noticed I right when iOS 10 came out. I'm not sure it's a bug. It might just be how Apple thinks it should be handled, which is stupid. 
I'd imagine that many people use it because it offers the best collection of features for areas where iMessage is not popular. It just happened to gain ground over the years and now people just use it because everyone else they know does. I don't think most people would look at these two pictures and say WhatsApp looks good. It's serviceable, but definitely not elegant. In the US Apple has a much larger market share and people who have iMessage prefer to use it. 

https://d.ibtimes.co.uk/en/full/1438926/whatsapp.png?w=400

http://imagazin.hu/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/iOS-10-iMessage-video-746x419.jpg
I don't know how anyone can use WhatsApp. It looks like garbage. If I'm going to be using an app multiple times a day I at least want it to look decent. The UI in WhatsApp is disgusting. When it compared to iMessage it's a joke. 
How many more articles and posts do we need about this. Just give it up. Messaging is a clusterfuck on Android and it'll stay that way until Google does something about it. Nothing anyone says is going to change it. 
What is the multitasking like?
I guess I never thought of that. So the VM would run the VPN and also host the Plex server and library?
I mostly turn on my VPN and torrent whatever I'm looking for then movie it into my Plex library. I've tried setting up the automated stuff like Sonar and CouchPotato but I don't want my main desktop that I use and game on to be always on a vpn. 
Thanks for the quick replies everybody. I definitely agree that Plex is simple and has a nice UI. It's easy to share media with others and features like remembering where you left off is great. I've just recently discovered Kodi with the Exodus plugin though and it's making it pretty hard for me to go back to downloading my media, organizing it, and playing it with Plex. 
RCS is looking really nice but there's one huge feature it's missing which is end to end encryption. 
Watch it be exclusive to the new iPhone >_<
I loathe the fact that they zoom in on album artwork in the app and on the chromecast. It looks so stupid. Also on the lockscreen on Android. 
Apple, its about the little details...oh wait. 
Thanks for info. 
I'll believe it when I see it. 2017 seems way too early for a complete AR product. 
What does the -d mean?
Autism
I'll have to check that one out. What skin does your friend use?
Ok good to know. I was always curious how the whole "stream the torrent" area worked since Popcorn Time became popular.
I just tried this out on my OP3 and it is pretty sweet. I was never fan of the Kodi UI compared to Plex but I can get behind all this being free and easy to get to. I am assuming this is only safe when used with a VPN?
It's called false advertising and marketing. The young and naive fall for it every time. 

Also, take notice to how this game was originally sold as being out in 2015. Then it was 2016. Now it's 2017. Don't believe the release dates, even if it's Nintendo. If they say Holiday 2017 for Mario Odyssey, expect it to be 2018. 
All I care about is playing the new Zelda. I will probably just sell it after that. I don't see many games coming after that I would care for enough to keep the console.
This sounds great but my only concern is having to constantly take the external back to my PC to load more media onto it. Is there a way to just send my downloaded media to the external plugged into the shield over wifi?
How does this compare to an Apple TV? 
Ok. I use ATV right now for Plex and it works pretty good. The ability to stream games from my gaming PC to my TV with the shield sounds kind of cool tho. 
How is the Shield vs the Apple TV? The Shield looks cool but thats quite a bit of money for a streaming box.
I'm not buying it. It'll be Spring 2018.
You must be new to game release dates. If they say holiday 2017 you can bet it'll get delayed into 2018. Zelda was supposed to come out a long time ago. 
All I care about is playing the new Zelda. I will buy the Switvh for that and then sell it when I'm done. The rest of Nintendos offerings are shovelware and all the gimmicky aspects of the console are trash. I'm not paying them for their abysmal online services either. They really have nothing worth anything except Mario and Zelda and all the old classics can just be emulated. 
I just tried Plus and I had to download a separate app for themes and in the theme picker it is riddled with ads. No thanks. 
Now I know why it always looks like crap when I airplay it. I had a suspicion that it wasn't full hd. 
Just buying it to play Zelda then selling it. 
Hopefully they add it. I love how Textra looks in dark mode. 
Does the mobile app have a dark theme?
Exactly. It looks like part of the image is "spilling" out. 
Ok yea it's definitely more prominent when the brightness is all the way down. 
So true
Interrupting what I'm listening to to tell Siri to adjust the volume would annoy me so much. 
How? I get the modal pop up window.
How do you do this in ProTube?
Gaming*
How do you find having on Linux?
Disgusting. I always hated the cropped album art in Google music
Yea I'm not sure why people are thinking it'll be some extreme DnD for when you're in a theatre. That is way too niche. I also hope it's dark mode in stock apps. 
All I want right now is a Amazon Prime Video app and a good Twitch app.
I really hope it's some form of a dark mode for stock apps. It seems a bit ridiculous to dedicate a huge button on CC just to mute audio, dim screen, etc for when you're in a theatre. 
Apples newer design language seen in the Music, News, and TV app could lend itself nicely to a dark theme alternative. 
You're bloody well right mate. 
>All day I've been listening to nothing but my Apple fanboy podcasts 

Why am I not surprised you love them?
As someone who recently switched from an iPhone to an OP3 this is definitely something I miss. There is an app called quick controls that emulates CC on iOS but is risky customizable. It has media scrubbing like on iOS. 
Does RCS compress photos and videos? 
I can't wait for AT&T to support it and for Textra to add it. I love Textras dark mode and customizability. 
I didn't even realize weather timeline had a notification widget. Thanks. 
iMessage is definitely the thing I miss the most. Like you, a lot of contacts use iOS and therefore iMessage. However, I would recommend checking out Wire. It has all the features of iMessage, works with either a number or email, is cross platform, and is end to end encrypted. Also, it's got a pretty nice dark mode. The main problem though is getting people you know to use it, like all other messaging platforms. FB Messenger is actually kind of nice but I agree, the less FB I can use the better. 
I switched from a 6S to a OP3 it's awesome. The 3T is even better, especially in battery life
If they think they're going to exist by seeking phones for the same price as Apple, Google, and Samsung then they are in for a rude awakening. OnePlus is popular because they offer most of a flagship experience for half the price. They don't have the brand recognition to be charging $650+ for a phone. I'm sorry but that's just the truth. They're going to lose even more customers if they play this game of roping in users by having budget prices and then slowly start to raise prices. 
I can already do this on my OP3 and it's great. Oh, and it doesn't drain battery. I get better battery life than my iPhone. 
I find double tapping the multitasking button on my OP3 to quickly jump back to the last used app much faster. 
Well that doesn't really fix the problem. iMessage let's them send uncompressed video and pictures plus other features like location, audio messages, stickers, etc. SMS/MMS can't handle that. Right now I'm using Textra. 
I also came from a 6S and every iPhone before that OP. The OP3 is great and I think you'll enjoy the switch. The only thing I'll suggest is to really force yourself to use the phone for a good couple weeks. Since it's a difference in operating system really force yourself to get out of the work flows you're used to on iOS. I've come to realize a lot of the things I do on my phone can be done much faster on Android thanks to default apps and customization. The only thing I miss is iMessage but I'm pretty much over it now. 
Hardcore apple fans have always been this way and they will continue to always be this way. Don't even bother trying to rationalize with them. 
No offense but that was pretty drawn out and full of embellishment just to say 3D touch should add more features or customization like adding options to the toggles in CC. 

This seems to be a prevailing theme with people writing about Apple. They use a lot of words and pomp to make it seem like something as simple as touching an icon to quickly jump into an action is some grandiose "new paradigm shift" invention only Apple could create. Jailbreaks have had features like this for years. In fact, CC is basically ripped off from an old jailbreak. Not to mention on Android the customization is light years ahead of Apple and it would probably blow the minds of most Apple die hard fans if they gave it a try. 

I used to be a hardcore Apple fan and I used to believe Apple knew the right way to do things and limiting my choices was better in the long run for me. Once you use a platform with incredible customization this all goes out the window. Users should have choice and be able to tweak things. I will just give one example. How many threads have we seen over the years where people are complaining about the volume alert box on iOS taking up a bunch of screen real estate and blocking the view? Imagine being able to change that to any different way you want. That's what you can do on Android. You don't have to wait for years for Apple to supposedly find the "perfect" solution to the problem. You can make it whatever you want, today.
I was wondering why I wasn't seeing the option. That's pretty stupid. 
Nice!
So where is it?
I agree completely. The past few days I've seen one or two people complaining about horrendous touch latency on the OP3 in any thread about the phone. I've been using one for a few weeks alongside a 6S and a 7+ and I notice absolutely zero touch latency differences between the devices. This is definitely some autistic nit picking. It reminds me of the people who constantly complain about screen calibration. 
I'm going to need some video evidence of this supposedly horrendous touch latency. I've used my OP3 alongside a 6S and a 7+ and didn't notice any touch latency. If it's there it's not something I notice in my day to day use. This sounds like the screen complaints. There's always people that get new phones (even iPhones) and immediately complain about color problems with the screen and then go through several replacements because they think there's a yellow hue in a spot on the screen. 
I have a 6S and OP3. I've used iPhones since the 3GS. Over the years iOS has always been smoother than android but I don't notice any touch latency differences between my 6S and OP3. My input is registered the same on both devices. Now, I do notice some android apps are laggier when I tap on something and it transitions to the next activity. For example, in Google Keep and Google Music it can get choppy when switching views. That's a whole separate issue and I will say iOS has just as many instances of dropped frames during transitions or animations. The majority of the apps I use though register my taps and touches just as quick as on my iPhone. 
What touch latency is there on the OP3? I'm using one right now and I don't notice any latency. 
Sexy naked women
It's from the day you received it. 
Swipe right to go back a page. 
I've found I like Textra quite a bit after customizing some aspects of it. It really is too bad that Google doesn't have a true iMessage competitor. SMS/MMS is fine for texts but forget it when you want to share pictures or video. Not being able to swipe to navigate in chrome does suck. 
Same here. The only pain point so far is not having iMessage. 
I have no idea why apple hasn't added swipe typing to the stick keyboard yet. It's been a great feature for a few years. 
They have fb accounts
It's been a must since the iPhone 5S. I was skeptical back then but it's great. Since that phone I've had the 6S, N5X, iPhone 7, and OP3. Every phone needs a fingerprint scanner, but on the front. I thought it would be cool to have it on the back when I got the 5X but it's just annoying. 
Awesome. I am really enjoying notifications on my OP3 coming from an iPhone. I was just wondering what nougat expands on. That all sounds even better, especially the quick reply stuff. 
No idea. There's no indication that they are. 
It's default on the iPhone and fits into the mentality of using an iPhone, which is that it's stock and it just works. People don't want to mess around with having more than one messaging app on their phone and managing which contacts use what platform. iMessage is simple for them. If the other person has iMessage it's instantly sending an IM (blue bubbles) and photos/videos are uncompressed and you can use all the other typical messaging features (send/received receipts, typing indicators, stickers, location sharing, voice messages, gifs, doodles, group chat management, etc). It also works on their other apple products seamlessly so they can send and receive messages from their iPad or Mac. If the other person doesn't have iMessage it instantly falls back to SMS/MMS. That's pretty much it. There are several other messaging platform that compete with it but none are quite the same and their not default on the iPhone. That's literally the main reason. Simplicity. 

I've used iPhones since the 3GS and iMessage is the only thing I miss now that I'm on my OP3. Everyday I get the "oh he's still a green bubble" joke from friends or family. A lot of my contacts use iPhones and despite trying to get them to use Wire or even FB Messenger they are just hard wired to just use the default messaging app on iOS. 
What do you like about the nougat notifications over marshmallow?
I agree with everything except the training to talk to Siri part. I'm sure in their fantasy world everyone will be walking around talking to an AI but I'm pretty sure I'll never be OK with talking to an AI in public. I'll continue to prefer doing whatever I need to discreetly with physical buttons or software. I'll leave the talking to Siri for when I'm home alone or around friends. 
Ok thanks. Would cyanogen mod work you think?
Lol

Almost 2017 and people are still begging for this. Get over it people. It's not happening. 
Where did you see this?
Notifications that actually look good and are functional and a redesigned CC 
Mine still works.
I turned on Opera VPN, changed the region to Canada, and it popped up. 
Is this a slow rollout or is everyone getting the OTA at the same time? I don't see anything yet. 
Sending a message but considering messaging is something we all do a lot everyday I would like to use an app that looks nice, not something with a UI from 2005. 
I have no problem with WhatsApp but honestly why does it look like garbage? Out of all the messaging apps it just looks atrocious. Telegram is also ugly. Wire and FB Messenger are really the only ones I've found that can compete with iMessage and actually look halfway decent. 
I would be interested in beta testing your app. I watch a lot of Twitch on my ATV but lately my favorite app (AnyStream) broke and doesn't load any streams anymore. UnTwitched was good too but got pulled. Right now I'm using Twitchy and it's ok. The incessant ads are really annoying. If you make a Twitch please make sure it can do source quality. I can't stand watching low quality in my TV. 
Is there a sale on the cellular version?
Try Moon Reader. 
Yea and the majority of those people couldn't care less about 4 year support or timely updates. They just want a phone so they walk into a carrier store and get either an iPhone or a Samsung phone and pay monthly for it. They don't care about getting new features or new security updates because they don't even follow that information. 
Exactly. I get the argument for long support for a phone and timely updates but I feel like most tech enthusiasts are upgrading their phones every year or less. 
Where do you check to see if your 6S is one of them? 
Who cares, we all know most people on this sub are going to buy a new phone in less than two years anyway. Hell, most people change phones every other month. 
Honestly, I'm not too bothered with what I see. Most of those changes won't affect me because I use Nova Launcher. I actually think the power off/reboot menu looks better. The old one looked outdated and like something from old android design. It sucks that there's no longer a screenshot button tho. The notification changes are ones I've been waiting for since Nougat got released. I much prefer the quick toggles being available after one swipe down instead of two. I always thought that was a stupid UX decision. 
I guess Scanner Pro is just quicker at it. Genius Scan is definitely a close contender. It's the best scanner app I've tried yet on Android. By stretched I mean that pretty frequently one of the documents I scan will process and then come out a little off. It's almost like the document has been shrunken down and the proportions are off. It's hard to explain without showing an example. Perhaps later today I can post some examples of what I'm talking about and some comparisons with the same document scanned with Scanner Pro. 

Thanks for reaching out to answer my questions by the way. You're a great developer. 
Probably because I mentioned most of my contacts use iPhones lol
I'm using a OnePlus 3. I did notice that Genius Scan can auto detect the document and automatically capture it without tapping anything, like Scanner Pro. That's really nice but I still found it to take longer to capture the document and every few documents it would fail to cut out area beyond the document or it would come out all stretched. 
Show me some screenshots. 
Can I charge this while it's in the car? 
I've had a 6S since they came out and I've noticed my battery life has really gone to shit. I'm not sure if it's iOS 10 or I'm art of the batch that need the battery replaced. 
Mini schnauzer?
This would make sense since they're supposedly making an Echo/Google Home competitor. 
I was at an Apple Store today trying out the touchbar for the first time and I actually tried to close Siri by tapping the little x on the screen. I caught myself halfway and was surprised I tried to touch the screen. 
Easier said than done, especially when most of them use iMessage. 
Too bad no one I know uses telegram. 
Already have this on my OP3 😎

I'll try that. Does it turn multiple scans into a PDF?
No I'll give that a try. 
Thanks. 
How do you turn this off? I just noticed it the other day when I could see my roommate casting to his Chromecast. It's a pretty silly feature. 
I've been getting a pretty consistent 5-6 hours of screen on time with my OP3. 
I saw those but I noticed they don't get updated very often and it's disappointing there's no "sleeping" section. 
What did you find hard about copy and paste?
I am not a fan of curved displays. I would just like the OP4 to continue to cut a 5.5" display in a small package. 
Nice. I've only owned the phone for three weeks so I wasnt aware. 
Wait, the newest build of OOS has the quick toggles in the first pull down on the notification panel? This is a feature I was really looking forward to with Nougat but if it's already in the newest build I might have to jump to the open beta of the build. 
Same here. I was convinced on screen buttons were the way to go after using Nexus phones but after using the OP3 I much prefer the capacitive buttons and having more screen real estate. Plus with the customizability I can already do something nougat can: double tap multitasking button to quick jump check into last used app. 
Please don't move the fingerprint reader to the back. I've used iPhones and Nexus phones and having it on the front is definitely the way to go. 
A messaging platform that actually can compete with iMessage. It's literally the only thing I miss from my iPhone and all my iPhone friends and family complain since I'm green bubbles now. 
I feel like this is true of 90% of the touch bar functionality. It just seems easier and quicker to do these things with shortcuts. I think the touch bar is just for people who refuse to learn how to use keyboard shortcuts. 
I realize only the US and a few other countries still use SMS, which is why this is important to those countries. If you're living in a country where SMS is not used and everyone uses WhatsApp or another messaging app there's no reason to be excited for RCS. It's just an upgrade to SMS. 
This is the first instance where it actually bothers me to the point where I just don't even interact with notifications. I just swipe them away and then go into the app if I need to. There's absolutely no reason why the UI is unresponsive for a full second or two after popping open a notification. 
Uh, because this whole messaging shit storm on Android is because people on iOS can't do full featured messaging with people on Android without using a third party messaging app. Most people on iOS just use the messaging app because it's default and it has iMessage built in or falls back to SMS. RCS needs to bridge that gap so anyone, no matter what platform, can have the same features iMessage has. No one cares about two people on Android messaging each other. They're already used to dealing shitty SMS or have switched to a third party messaging app. People want to be able to chat with iOS users even if they don't have an iPhone. Personally, I don't see apple rushing to support RCS. They're well aware of how iMessage makes their ecosystem sticker and people refuse to leave because the blue bubbles. 
It's a cool feature but it looks like ass. The notification design in iOS 10 is atrocious and I can't stand how it takes a couple seconds after 3D Touching them to be able to hit one of the options. 
Wake me up when AT&T supports it and I can use it on my OP3. Oh, and when iOS supports it. 
Will RCS be encrypted? This is one area iMessage is good at due those who care. 
One thing I haven't seen anyone mention: is RCS secure at all? iMessage has a big advantage there for those who care. 
I went to subscribe and got offered a new 3 month trial. Awesome!
Wow that looks great. I need this now for that dark ui
From what I've seen it looks like only the homepages redesign. The rest of the app is identical to the way it used to
If they go up then I go back to the iPhone. Price is the NUMBER ONE reason I picked up the OP3. 
Jesus, who the hell thought it was a good idea to show cropped album artwork. 
How did you get offered the trial?
The iPhone 4. 
I agree completely. The OP3 is a much better phone than the pixel and half the price. I feel like these reviewers never say that because the OP3 came out awhile ago so they just think it's old news. These are the same people who change phones every month. Just because the OP3 isn't the hot new release doesn't mean it shouldn't be put up against the pixel. 
This. Please. 
If you decide to go with the OP3 wait until Tuesday. They're supposedly unveiling a slightly updated version of the OP3 called the OP3T. 
Yea I was sad at first because it was an Android 7 feature but then I found out it's actually already a feature in oxygen OS. 
I've been using a OP3 and a 7+ the past few days and it's mind blowing how good the OP3 is for just $400. It's just as snappy as the iPhone. It feels better in the hand while having the same size screen. Dash charging charges the phone ridiculously fast. Oxygen OS is pretty much stock except with some very useful additions (double tap to wake, double tap home button to launch the camera, draw a 'V' on the screen to turn on flashlight, and some others). Like you, iMessage is really the only thing holding me back from leaving iOS completely. I've tried to get friends and family to use Wire but some of them just refuse to use a third party messaging app. One thing I'm quickly growing to love about android is the back button and being able to double tap the multitasking button to quickly jump back into the previously used app. Those make navigation so much faster. 
What makes you think that?

Nevermind I see there tweet. 
Ah ok. Good to know. 
I believe it's $100 off. 
That doesn't sound right. I've had mine for almost three weeks and the battery life is pretty good. I get like around 6 hours screen on time. 
I've been using both of them the past few days and it's getting harder for me to justify staying on iOS. Android has really come far and the OP3 is a great device. It's much easier for me to use the OP3 one handed than it is the 7+. Its also much lighter than the 7+. The phone is really fast, never lags, keeps tons of apps in memory, and the dash charging is a game changer. 
It's amazing how much better the OP3 feels in the hand compared to the 7+
As someone who is back on Android with a OP3, what makes Textra so much better?
Tfw you know a refurbished MBP is a better bang for buck but you want that space grey. 
Both sides have their large share of loud apologists. I just try to keep an open mind when trying different platforms and I try not to defend stood decisions (removing headphone jack, MBP with just usb-c ports, etc). I think people defend anything apple does so strongly because for most people when they first tried an apple product it was leaps and bounds better than what they were used to. When I got my first MacBook in 2009 it was amazing. I couldn't believe how much better it was compared to Windows. When I got my first iPhone (3GS) it was like living in the future compared to the junky phones I had before it. These first experiences make people deeply attached to the Apple brand. It can blind them to the apparent cracks that have been beginning to show over the years. Also, other brands and software has matched or surpassed apple over the years. Apple is all about marketing. They don't market themselves as a computer and software company. They are a lifestyle and that's what they try to sell people on. People see the pretty apple devices in the clean aesthetically pleasing lives of people in an apple commercial and they think their lives will be like that if they just buy that iPhone, watch, or iPad. It's a strong attraction that takes a lot of questioning and discontent to break free from. Are apple products good? Of course. Are they amazing and innovative? I'd argue not so much anymore. There are a lot of alternatives that are just as good. 
I definitely agree on terms functionality android wins. I can do much more on Android and in ways I want. For example, it's such a breath of fresh air to be able to set default apps and be able to quickly jump between apps with the back button or double tapping the multitasking button. I'd only ever used Nexus phones in the past so I was adamant about having on screen buttons but after using the OP3 I actually love the capacitive buttons, and I still think having the fingerprint reader on the front is best. 

When I said iOS is more polished I was talking about the app quality. I put a lot of importance on design along with functionality. If I'm using software multiple times everyday I want it to look good and be pleasant to use. I would say iOS wins in this regard. HOWEVER, I believe apple is taking a step back lately in this regard. iOS 10 has a lot of questionable design choices. The new notifications and widget boxes are atrocious. The design language used in Apple Music, Apple News, Apple Maps, and the new TV app is awful. They look like a website with no CSS file. Like you, I also see a lot of stuttering when swiping over to the widget screen on iOS. Notifications are also extremely poor on iOS. 

The slipping attention to detail in iOS and increased walled garden mentality coupled with the openness of android and useful features of the OP3 is really making me lean towards staying with the OP3. 
I used a 6S for a year and now I have a OP3 and 7+ to try out. The more I use the OP3 the harder it is to justify keeping the 7+ and spending another $400 for the Apple logo. I still think iOS is a more polished OS but both are great. It's already pretty incredible how much better the OP3 feels in the hand compared to the 7+. The iPhone is heavier, wider, and had bigger bezels. The OP3 no joke though. It's right up there with flagships. I think the biggest difference is when I'm using OP3 I feel like I'm using a Swiss army knife. I have much more freedom to do things whatever way I want. 
I hope this means Nougat for OP3 very soon. 
Wow these are some good prices. That is going to really hurt resale value on Craigslist. I was hoping to get like $500 for my unlocked 64GB 6S and people can now get a 16GB 6S Plus for$449. 
Awesome. Thank you. 
I just want the couple Twitch apps to actually update and make them work again. AnyStream used to be awesome but now it doesn't work at all. I believe something twitch changed on their end broke it. 
I just want to know when the OP3 will get Nougat. 
You're forgetting the best MMO from 2001: Dark Age of Camelot

It takes a bit to get used to but once you got the hang of ur it's pretty quick app switching. 
I would say my biggest use case is 3D Touch on the left edge of the screen and swiping right to quickly jump into the previous app. 3D Touch on the keyboard to move the cursor around is pretty slick. I really want swipe on the stock keyboard though. Some apps I use daily I use 3D Touch to quickly jump into a certain activity in an app. In iMessage I frequently 3D Touch images to expand them. While browsing in safari I don't really see the purpose of peeking and popping on a link. It just shows me part of the top of the page so I may as well just tap on the link at that point. Using it on the Settings app to quickly jump to bluetooth or low power mode is nice. I also use it a lot in the notification shade to clear all notifications. I will say though that notifications on iOS 10 are atrocious in my opinion. 
It can cast to chromecast. It can also play 4K quality and you can set your default quality for wifi and mobile. 
I'm wondering this as well. I'm on at&t. 
I hope at&t supports this soon. The real question is will Apple ever support RCS in the messages app and how long will they take. 
I have a 6S and a OP3. The OP3 is an amazing phone for the price. Apart from getting used to the little differences between iOS and Android, the only thing i miss is iMessage. 
As someone who's been closely following tech my whole life I couldn't have said it better myself. At some point people get passed the "omg it's so new and shiny" phase and can see right through the Silicon Valley marketing bullshit. 
As someone who's recently got a OP3 I was just lamenting this today. I wish I could at least see how much time was left in a song or podcast from the lock screen
About as much as the rest of us do. 
Looks like the future isn't here yet. 
I get way better battery life on my OP3, to the point where it's very noticeable. My 6S has horrible battery life on iOS 10. I'm a great user so where important to me in terms of battery life is screen on time. I'm getting 5-6 on my OP3. Also being able to just charge up my OP3 with dash charging is a complete paradigm shift. I no longer leave my phone charging while I'm sleeping. The Plus models probably beat the OP3 in battery life
I'm also coming over from a 6S and I'm really enjoying the OP3. Right now I'd say the only thing I truly miss is iMessage. A lot of my friends and family use iMessage and it's a pain to get then to use wire. 
In having this on 3.2.7. Most of the time when I start using spotify the control widget in the notification panel never showed up
I think he's talking about plugging his lightning EarPods into the 3.5 jack on his laptop. The adapter included with the 7 goes 3.5 to lightning. 
I've been using narwhal since it first came out and the devs are awesome at constantly updating it and adding new features. I just wish there was a way to have new comments since I last visited a thread be highlighted in some way. 
You have no idea how badly I wish Safari could play webm.
How do you personally use it? I find it easy enough to listen to my own music but discovery is lacking in my opinion. The for you playlists are usually stupid things "best of x genre in y year" or "deep tracks of x band". I wish it was easy to get into mood or activity playlists like soitify and Google music. 
Yes. My audio through Bluetooth and speaker is fine. It's just when I'm on the phone with someone and I put them on speakerphone is crackly. 
I would love Plex to join in but I doubt Apple will let them. 
$1499 is the model without the touch bar. You gotta pony up $1799 for that innovation
I had no idea this existed. Thanks for the tip. 
I just got my OP3 a couple days ago after waiting weeks for it to ship and I will be pretty disappointed if they turn right around and release a new OP3. I'll just return mine and grab the new model if I'm still with my return window. 
I was just wondering about this the other day. Awesome to see it's already being added to Nova launcher. I liked having app shortcuts with 3D Touch on my iPhone so having it with long press on my OP3 is sweet. Hopefully more apps add it soon. 
What is really embarrassing are those prices for the new MacBook pros. Also, touch bar looks gimmicky af
The touch panel is all they got to show off tomorrow
That would be cool. 
Same here. If this new model is worth it I'll send my new one back and buy it. 
What about Wire?
The OP3 loaded apps faster than the pixel and kept them in memory longer. Lel
I never received an email and my order still said processing. I got a text from DHL with a think to track the package and that was when it first went to Hong Kong for customs. 

It's going to be a huge upgrade coming from a 5S if you are familiar with how Android works and want a bigger screen. Even though its the same screen size as an iPhone plus it's physically smaller and it feels way better in the hand. 
Really happy to see people are voting overwhelming yes. I hate that Apple revived the jack. 

How long did it take to get to you from China?
Mine says it'll be delivered today by the end of the day but it just now left China at 3:00 am EST. I'm not too optimistic about that delivery date. 
I got a text this morning with my tracking number. No email. It'll be here Monday, 5 days early. 
I'm surprised he didn't show that Google can hook into more apps. For example, " play music on Spotify". 
I woke up this morning with a tracking number. Mine will be here the 24th. 5 days early!
Mine switched to processing about 24 hours ago but no shipping notification yet. 
Also getting a OP3 next week. I am looking forward to trying Android again. I am using a 6S right now.
I just checked mine and it has also changed from "Pending shipment" to "Processing"! Hopefully ours ship out late night or early tomorrow and we get them early. 
I think they need to be careful with their pricing strategy. A lot of those remarks sounded like they want to eventually hit a flagship price for their phone, and that's risky. A lot of people recommend the OP3 because you get roughly 90% of a flagship for half the price. Price is a massive selling point for OnePlus. They would really have to crank everything up to 11 to justify a $650+ phone.
I think they need to be careful with their pricing strategy. A lot of those remarks sounded like they want to eventually hit a flagship price for their phone, and that's risky. A lot of people recommend the OP3 because you get roughly 90% of a flagship for half the price. Price is a massive selling point for OnePlus. They would really have to crank everything up to 11 to justify a $650+ phone. 
I've been using Wire with a few friends and it's surprisingly really good. I don't know why more people don't talk about it. It's loaded with features, is cleanly designed, and is private. 
Any screenshots?
It's not showing my group chats. 
Awesome. I currently use a 6S so I'm used to app shortcuts, but I'm getting a OP3 to play around with android again and I always thought long press was a much better implementation for something like that than 3D Touch. 
Anyone know if Nova launcher will implement those long press app shortcuts? 
I really hope they release a PC version alongside the console versions this time around. The delay for GTA V on PC was brutal. 
Anyone here order on Oct 8th with ship date of Oct 24th? I haven't got a shipping email yet. 
Ok. I got one on the way and I was just wondering. 
How is the OIS on the OP3?
That's crazy. Did you order the graphite one and are you in the US?
How long did it take to ship?
I ordered mine on the 8th and my ship date is also the 24th and delivery the 28th. If this is true I'll be really happy to get it earlier. 
I just ordered an OP3 a couple days ago. Is this a new phone or an updated OP3? Will I get the new model lol
Wire is a fantastic messaging platform I rarely see anyone talking about. A random person mentioned it on Reddit a month back and I've been using it since with some of my close friends. They all have iPhones and they all have said they like Wire better than iMessage in iOS 10. Its cross platform. It has doodles, image/video sharing, video/voice calling, group voice calling, gif search, drawing on images, deleting messages, location sharing, file attachments, rich links like iOS 10, dark mode, and best of all it's completely end to end encrypted. More people should be checking it out. 
I think OnePlusis the real winner here. Notes are catching on fire and Pixel is DOA due to price. I think a lot of people are looking to the OP3. 
I ordered one a couple days ago and it says dispatch date is Oct 24th and delivery Oct 28th :(
I ordered a OP3 and can't wait to get it and try android again. I definitely know what you mean when you say it feels like you have a computer in your pocket. iOS just doesn't give me that feel. It does a lot of things great and looks nice but it's still limited compared to android. 
I ordered a OP3 and can't wait to get it and try android again. I definitely know what you mean when you say it feels like you have a computer in your pocket. iOS just doesn't give me that feel. It does a lot of things great and looks nice but it's still limited compared to android. 
I ordered one yesterday and it says the 24th for a ship date. I hope it comes sooner but I doubt it. 
Yea it's a little disappointing the shipping times are so long. I'm hoping they get shipped sooner. 
I've tried on Chrome on my windows desktop and safari on iOS and neither are working. 

Ok it looks like it was something to do with my home wifi. I switched to my LTE on my phone and was able to create and account and order one. Strange. 
Did most of your contacts use iMessage before you switched? What do you use now? What are your favorite features of the OP3 besides dash charge?
I've been saying this since the first beta. The notifications and widgets are plain ugly in iOS 10. Incoming notifications are intrusive and a UX nightmare. Get used to it because I'm sure Apple won't do anything about it until iOS 11, if they change it at all. 
Ah ok. Good to know. 
I think the SE is a one off and next year with the redesign the 4.7" size will be muc smaller thanks to reduced bezels and edge to edge display. This will make the SE irrelevant. 
I'm going to go with 1-1.5 million sold by this time next year. 
Will this block YouTube ads?
I'd like to play it but I'm not upgrading to windows 10 for it. 
That Google shortcut widget on the home screen looks SO bad. I don't know who thought that was a good idea, or placing it in the worst spot to reach on the phone. 
Why would they put the google shortcut in literally the most uncomfortable to reach part of the phone. This is a prime example of Google not paying attention to the little things. Not to mention it's ugly as fuck. 
I agree. I've used it since beta and I still think it's a visual downgrade from iOS 9. iOS 9 was super clean and minimalistic. This bastardization between clean and bubbly in iOS 10 is just baffling. It's almost like a new team of designers are working on iOS and slowly starting to switch the main design language. The new music and news apps are definitely using some new weird design language. The new music apps design may be slightly more functional for people with poor eyesight or are using it while driving,  but aesthetically it looks horrendous. It looks like someone just sketched it out in a couple days and had zero sense of style. I have no idea how you go from the aesthetics of the iOS 9 music app to the plain Jane style of the iOS 10 music app. 

I don't like the new bubbly card design of the notifications. I understand they are designed that way now to reinforce 3D Touch but honestly it just looks so bad. You get a notification and now it's a big dumb white rectangle. If it drops down from the top while in an app it takes up even more space than they did in iOS 9. It also takes up way more space on the lock screen and doesn't organize by app. 3D Touching a notification is no faster than swiping down on an incoming notification or swiping left on one on the lock screen. The only bonus I've noticed so far is with iMessage you can see a partial view of the conversation, but it's not really that great and once you send a message that weird modal view just sits there until you hit the home button or the little "x". 

Control center is a huge step back in usability. I don't care what anyone says, making a simple task like skipping a track an extra step by having to swipe a card over is a downgrade usability wise. Also, I've had numerous times where I'm swiping up CC to quickly change the volume and I miss the tap target on the volume slider and instead the whole card tries to swipe over. Music controls on a separate panel is BAD. It's nothing but change for changes sake, which is what a lot of iOS 10 is. 
The new app design is horrendous. The best description I've heard about it is it looks like someone made a webpage with barebones HTML and forgot to add the CSS file. 
Those are only Valve tournaments. There's other tournaments like every week (ESL, ESEA, CEVO, etc). Those can all be watched on twitch. 
I don't watch the personalities but I do occasionally watch CS GO pro matches. 
iPhone users already enjoy iMessage with their friends and family and on all their Apple devices and it's a default app. They don't care it's not cross platform and those who do or don't use Apple products just use FB Messenger or WhatsApp
What is "doing it right"? Vanguard index funds?
Don't worry guys Allo will actually compete with iMessage a year from now! Lol just give it up Google. 
I drive a lot and am usually charging while listening to audio through the aux port so it's annoying to have one cable coming out the bottom and one coming out the top. Also most phone holders will push against the volume buttons since they are on the same side as the power button just lower. 
As an iPhone user interested in switching, I really don't like the volume and power buttons being on the same side. When I tried a 5X for a few weeks it drove me nuts. Also, a headphone jack on the top is a silly move. However, at least it has a headphone jack. 
Did the team actually spend week one starting to work on some of those suggestions? Or did week one just get spent putting together a list of requested features (most of which should've been there at launch). 
😂👌
The site loads pretty fast on my iPhone with a content blocker. 
Just curious, what portfolio are you on? Aggressive?
Oh I didn't know it was three days to transfer. I mainly use the app to send and receive money between friends and family and the money is in the bank account the next day. 
Square Cash lets you move money from your bank into your cash app, which has its own debit card. It's not physical though like Wallet was. 
I'm excited to see what Google offers because they are really putting a lot of advertising and hype behind this event, but based on leaks of the Pixel phones so far they seem pretty lackluster. If Google is going to charge $649+ for them there definitely needs to be some killer software features. 
I don't have an android phone. I'm on iOS. 
The hype Google is building behind these phones is reaching peak levels. God help us all when they turn out to be mediocre. 
I've been lusting after this combo for awhile. I hope the new MacBook pros come in space grey. 
I agree and I think most people don't care either. The whole internet of things fad is a big meme right now that all companies are trying to turn into the next big thing but outside of super tech nerds, no one knows or cares. 
Pixel watch?
Holy shit we just got let down by Allo and now we're already trying to hype up ANOTHER non existent chat app? Jesus. 
Don't forget the messaging built into YouTube. 
The proof is in the pudding. I'll believe it when I see it. If the recently hyped Allo is anything to go by, I'm not getting my hopes up. 
I couldn't have said it better myself OP. Google is not where you go if you want consistency and support. I love that they usually come up with awesome services and crazy ideas but they always trip and stumble when it comes to getting that product out to the regular public, marketing that product, and supporting that product for a long time. Like you said, they are very much a "throw everything at the wall and see what sticks" company. I'm not sure what they are going to do with the Pixel phones but unless they have some amazing new marketing and company structuring I don't see how it'll be any different than anything else they do. It'll be talked about. It'll have some decent advertising. But then it won't have a big impact on the industry and people will still associate Android with "Galaxy". The geeks like us and others will of course know what the Pixel phone represents but I just feel like most people won't care. 

I always play with Android but always stick with iOS. I have enjoyed using the newest Nexus phones for awhile over the years but I always return to my iPhone after a month or so. Apple knows how to make products and services that have longevity and will be consistent. They may not have the latest fancy features but over time they usually get there or close and they just keep iterating. That being said, a lot can be made for the argument that Apple might be losing some focus too. Look at their latest services such as Apple Music. It needed a whole redesign in a year and the new design language in that app and Apple News are obviously going in a strange direction compared to the rest of their design language in iOS. I just hope Apple doesn't spread itself too thin or lose it's sense of aesthetics because lately it seems they have been losing a bit of touch in those areas. 
Ok thanks. I saw a comment somewhere that it was removed in iOS 10. It must have been bad information. 
Google's only hope for Allo to reach iMessage levels is if the new Pixel phones and the media blitz behind them actually gets out to normal people and they no longer think of them as another "Galaxy" phone but a new thing entirely by Google, to compete with the iPhone toe to toe. The problem with all these messaging apps is the network effect. They are DOA unless people switch over and so do all their contacts. In the US, having SMS fallback is a big bonus for adoption because unlike the rest of the world, a lot of people here still use SMS and haven't just switched fully to an IM program. This is why iMessage is so popular here. It's the fact that the iPhone is incredibly popular and iMessage just happens in the background without the user even knowing whether or not they are sending SMS or iMessage. For the tech illiterate all they know is they open the chat app and send a message to a contact and that person receives it. They are not concerned with what blue and green bubbles mean, or having to download a second app, or set a new app to the default SMS app. 

It all boils down to whether or not Google can get people and their contacts to switch over, which is going to be very hard when people with iPhones already have iMessage on their phones. It makes it even harder when Allo has to desktop or laptop support.  
Only 1 on 1 chats in incognito mode are end to end encrypted, and in incognito you can't use most of the features. Everything else is not E2E and its all stored on Google's servers.
Wow how have I not heard about this app. This looks like it has everything everyone wants in a messaging app, plus end to end encryption. It's even got a minimalistic design. What's the catch?
Living in the future now bro
My mistake. I didn't see that in the image by incognito. I still won't believe it until we get official confirmation. 

SMS confirmed on the blog post. Nice!
And no mention of SMS. Where are all those people saying it was definitely going to release with SMS lol...
Since when does Google release hyped up apps at 9pm at night? Usually they release new software around 9-10am pacific. I thought Duo was released on the play store at 9am pacific?

edit - nevermind I just looked back at the Verge write up for Duo and it was published at 9pm pacific time. Maybe they're releasing Duo and Allo late at night to not kill the servers?
I thought Duoreleased at 9am PST/12pm EST?
Off topic, how do you like the OnePlus 3?
Exactly. They are hyping this thing up WAY too much. Google just needs to hurry up and release it so everyone can be disappointed with it and it goes on to get a low adoption rate. I really don't have high hopes for this app having SMS fallback on release, or getting a web/tablet client anytime soon.
Yea that's what we want to do, interrupt our music so we can talk to Siri...
Isn't it great how Google is always on the same page with all its departments?
Just fucking release it already so the hype can die and we can all realize what a pointless pos it is.
9 am pacific time now...WHERE IS IT
The ads on this site are fucking cancer. 
Yea Google Now on Android is miles ahead of Siri on certain things, this being one of them. All I can think is that Apple wants to retain the ability to use Siri to control Apple Music so it can push it as a feature for people to use Apple Music. 
Yea in the API documentation it says it won't work with audio apps (music, podcasts, etc)
Apple won't allow music apps to interface with the Siri API yet. Go figure...
I'm looking forward to trying it, especially because if it's really good I'd be more open k switching to a 5Xor Pixel from my 6S. I just have a feeling, like most Google apps, it'll just be "OK" and no one I know will be switching because they mostly just use iMessage. 
So we think. There's been no confirmation that Allo will include SMS at all at launch. If I had to put money on it I would say that Google is going to botch it and release it with no SMS. 
This is also what I'd prefer but I don't think the current hardware can detect swipe gestures, just taps. 
It could be worse. Your notifications could look like iOS 10 notifications now. 
There's a setting in accessibility that switches the unlock to how it used to be. Then you can just click the home button and leave your finger on it and the phone will unlock. 

The music controls are on a separate panel on CC now. After you swipe up to get CC swipe to the left to get to music controls. Next time you pull up CC it'll still be on music controls. 
I thought of that too. That might be something they could add in a future version. With single taps they could add it to the current version with just a software update since the AirPods already register taps. 
All the ones I have stopped working after updating to tvOS 10. Hopefully they update soon. 
How long is this sale for?
How long until they block the background playback with YouTube unless you have YouTube red. I'm surprised they even let that work. 
And still no Allo...
I've always preferred circle icons to squares/random shapes/squares like iOS. 
Don't care. The game took too long to become anything and the fad of it ran its course when it was still just a mod years ago. Just let it die already. 
Is the new dual speaker setup pretty good? I'm curious about this because when I'm home I usually always have music playing from my phone
Well it looks like it's not coming today either. 
Where did you read that?
Hey guys lets make an ugly ass google search widget and put it in the most hard to reach place on the screen. Thanks Google.
I think they're cool but honestly they need to add gestures for volume control. I don't want to change the volume with my device and I definitely don't want to interrupt what I'm listening to to try to talk to Siri to change the volume. 
Oh snap I didn't know this. I figured if you switched tabs it would stop playing. Nice. 
I think the rumor is $449 for the small one and $599 for the big one. 
I'm sure it'll look better in real life (the 6P looked awful in renders) but those bezels are huge. Plus there looks to be no front facing speakers which sucks. 
Just release it already
It's been like this since the iPhone 5S. 
How do you play/pause or change tracks with these? I know taking one out will pause music and double tap activates Siri but what about other controls? Single tap?
=)
I'm really sad that it's a windows 10 exclusive. 
Good find. They must've added these today when they also updated the radio stations. I noticed there's no personalized playlists, "My New Music Mix" and "My Favorites Mix". I'm going to check these out and see how they compare to spotifys
That's too bad. I would be interested in playing this game but I'm on 8.1. 
So this won't be available on Steam, just windows store and only on windows 10?
Exactly. That sucks. 
But how will I charge my phone while listening to music with the lightning EarPods?
Apple Music is definitely missing this. They have curated playlists for activities by they don't update very often and their hard to find in the app. Google Music bought Songza so their mood stations are pretty great. Spotify has good ones too. 
Yea I already use that. 
Same here. I'm not about to subscribe to services that try to make certain albums and artists exclusives. It'll be back to torrenting and maintaining my own collection. 
I say good. There shouldn't be exclusive on certain services. Once everyone goes back to putting certain exclusives on certain services I'll just go back to torrenting music. 
"We didn't make enough money."

No surprise there. No one was going to pay $20 for your little notes app on Mac either John. 
Where's aaaaalllllloooooooo
Gotta love google marketing 
Yea a lot of people forget that iMessage doesn't do any compression on images or videos. That's a pretty big feature and I'm puzzled as to why Google wouldn't offer that in their new messaging app. Also, iMessage allows you to send documents and in iOS 10 does rich text formatting on links and videos. 
That's too bad that you can't send files. What if I need to send someone a PDF?
iMessage has had this for awhile now. Just saying. 
Just torrent those movies you already bought through iTunes. Now you have copies you can watch anywhere on any device.
I was super excited for the new Apple TV but now I find myself just going back to using my chromecast. I will say the ATV has a nice Plex app. 
Exactly. 
How's Google Spaces working out?
How is the quality? Is it better than say, FaceTime or Skype? I can see people switching to Duo if it actually offers better video call quality and stability compared to these other services. If it doesn't, then I don't expect to gain much traction.
That looks like garbage. 
It would be awesome if the smaller one came in at $349 with 32GB. 
Cool. I didn't know about this. 
Where did Apple say they were doing a weekly playlist in Apple Music like Spotify's Discover Weekly?
I have a 144hz monitor but really the only game I play that benefits from it is cs go
I'm on a 670. Would this be a good upgrade or should I go with a 1070? I'm only doing 1080p gaming. 
Yea but what about mobile? How do those local files get to my phone? Can I stream them or do I have to download my music to my phone?
I like Spotify but I wish you could upload your own music like Apple Music and Google Music. 
Nice. I like it. I'm glad they added a dark mode. 
Everyone in the U.S. uses iMessage or Facebook Messenger. If they are outside the U.S. they probably use WhatsApp. All others are irrelevant and unless there is a huge incentive for people to switch and bring all their contacts over with them they won't, and everyone will continue to use what they already use for messaging. 
I'll probably just continue putting my music in my Plex library, which actually does a great job matching the metadata. 
How do you save them from the web to iCloud Drive, and then download the torrent?
I also run my Plex server off my custom gaming PC. I am selling my 2012 MBA because I just never use it much. What made you want to get a Macbook? 
This is a problem that will always be present with streaming services, especially ones like Apple Music who want to promote their "exclusives". They will shove certain artists in users faces to promote certain artists and their new albums. If you want to be left out of this advertising I would suggest just going back to using your own curated local media collection. For example, I use Plex for tv shows and movies but I also keep my own music library in it. This is what I consider my curated music library because it is full of music I think is worthy of being kept in my collection and it is stuff I will always want to listen to. Plex lets me serve it up to me wherever I am, so I can listen to it anywhere on any device. It essentially lets you make your own streaming service. 

I use streaming services like Apple Music, Spotify, and Google Music when I want to just listen to random stuff and if I find something I really like and it's an artist that actually has good full albums I will add it to my local collection in my Plex server. I try to tell Apple Music and Spotify what I like but I still get dumb promotions shoved in my face, like Drake.
It might change by the end of the iOS 10 beta but right now the Siri API does not work with audio apps so there is no way for developers to let Siri control apps such as Spotify, Google Music, Overcast, Pocket Casts, etc. 
I think I am going to pull the trigger on this deal since it doesn't look like any other 1070's are coming down below $450 and I won't have to pay tax through Jet. I just hope ASUS has good customer support in case anything goes wrong.
How are ASUS with graphics cards? I was wanting to wait and get an EVGA because I have a EVGA 670 and I have never had a problem with it for four and half years. Does anyone here have good experiences with ASUS cards?
But when will I actually be able to order one for $249? I was excited to upgrade from a 670 to a 1070 but they're sold out everywhere and they're all $50+ over the MSRP. I'm not paying $500 for a card. I'd prefer to get a EVGA 1060 or 1070 since that's what my 670 is and I've never had an issue with it. 
I was on it for a week and half and it's not really worth it for daily use. I had quite a bit of bugs and it started to get annoying so I downgraded back. I still don't really care for the design changes in music/news or the new bubble card notifications. If I were you I'd just wait until the public beta which will probably be in a couple weeks. 
Apple Music is terrible when it comes to uploading live versions of songs. I've had almost all of my live versions replaced with album versions. 
I agree. The 5X was nice but it's just too wide. 
A new 5" Nexus phone? Count me in.
In the beta changing the system font to small doesn't do anything in the music app. I think it's a bug. 
There's quite a bit of missing functionality which I'm guessing is because it's beta. I'm not a fan of the new big bold headers or the way you have to swipe horizontally to view albums, playlists, etc. being able to only see one album at a time is terrible. I also think the way the old one used colors from the album to change the colors of the app was cool. Now everything is just white. About all I can see that is a positive now is that the controls are very big so for those who complained about not being able to hit those "small tap targets" I'm sure they'll love it. The lock screen controls are silly big now too. 
Yea what happened to them being $379? 
If I buy it through the Fi website, will I still get support from Google like I bought it through the Google Store?
> DADSDAY16 

Wow that's a good deal. I am hesitant to buy it from them though because then I won't have the Google warranty. I don't want to get old stock and possibly have a problem (lag issues) and not be able to get a replacement.
The Fi deal ends July 10th. 
Would it be better to buy this from Amazon or through project Fi?
I was wondering how the new notifications handle multiple notifications from the same app. It's pretty stupid that it creates a new card for each one. 
That must be why it didn't work for me on att. 
On stock android?
Does android even have visual voicemail yet?
That's good ole Apple lock-in for ya. 
It's in the documents for the API and there's a post about it in this subreddit. 
Don't get your hopes up. The Siri api doesn't let third party music apps hook into it so we won't be seeing Siri work with Spotify. 
I completely agree. It looks like they infused more of the Beats Music app into it. The big bold headlines look awful and I really don't like that they removed the dynamic colors from the album art. 
They may have been inevitable but they'll go down in flames. Most people don't pay for software and they're definitely not going to pay monthly for it. 
They don't enforce white background. Google just  started making their app icons have white backgrounds. 
Lol I can't believe this. This is the second time j have waited until the last day to decide and they extended it. Now I can wait until after WWDC to decide if I want to grab one. Awesome. 
My only problem with this is I would still have to torrent and move my files from my PC which I currently host Plex on 24/7 to my external drive and plug it back into my Shield every time I downloaded new media. I think I will just continue to leave my PC on.
This would be pretty nice to have instead of just leaving my gaming PC on 24/7 but it's super convenient to leave my external storage hooked up to my PC and torrent/move files around all on that machine. 
Exactly. 
I already pointed out how software like Office and Adobe successfully transitioned to a subscription model, although it's not like users had a choice. It was either pay up monthly or be left without crucial software. What we are discussing are iOS apps, not desktop class software like AutoCAD or SolidWorks. Most people are not going to pay $1+ a month for a Twitter app or a podcast app of a photo editing app, or even a Reddit app. There are plenty of free alternatives. You don't have to use pirate bay to get free iOS apps, there's already tons of them, including Apples own apps and Googles. If you are reliant on a desktop class software to make money (AutoCAD, Photoshop, etc) I'm willing to bet your employer is paying for it or its factored into your freelance business expense. It still doesn't mean an average consumer user is going to pay monthly for an iOS app. 
I'll update to iOS 10 and I'll continue using the apps I use today. If one spins off to a sub model I'll just switch to an apple or Google app or a free app that does the same function. The market has placed a monetary value on software, and it's practically nothing. It's lower than music, which is saying a lot when people don't even want to pay $10 a month to have access to millions of songs. 
I just said I didn't have any hard evidence of this. It's just my opinion based on living in the real world. 

I guess we'll see when apps start switching to subscription models how many people actually switch over and how many ditch the app for something else. 
I'm just going on people I know in real life and comments I read across the Internet when it comes to subscription fees and buying apps. There's no need to get all upset. The reality is just that most people are not going to pay monthly for their iOS apps. The software that actually works somewhat with a subscription model already switched over. These are services like Office, Adobe, Music Streaming, etc. and even those have a lot of people who refuse to pay. 
You know how many people refuse to even pay $1 for an app because they can just use a stock app or a crappier free version with ads? A lot. Those people are definitely not going to pay monthly for an app, even if it's $1 a month. Average people who are not tech enthusiasts don't put a lot of monetary value in software. Even as a enthusiast myself, I don't mind paying a couple bucks for a well made piece of software but I'm not paying a reoccurring subscription fee. 
No way am I paying subscriptions for software. I don't think I'm in the minority either. Every time a piece of software has switched to a subscription model there's been outcry and a loss of users. We already live in a world where everything is a "small monthly fee". Add them all up and it gets ridiculous. The last thing I'm paying monthly for is software, especially when I'm already accustom to getting it for free or $1-$5. 

Developers can cry all they want about profits and wanting subscriptions, but most people are not going to pay a subscription fee. It's not like there wasn't a boom when apps first arrived and a lot of developers became very wealthy off apps that were only a buck. Those days are mostly over so now developers want to trick users for money through subscriptions. If anything, software moving to a subscription would just push more normal users into using mostly stock apps or free Google apps, resulting in less third party solutions and more ecosystem lock-in for Apple and Google. 
This is what I figured was going to happen since the new MBPs won't arrive to Q3. Apple will unveil the the new design with the OLED touchpad so developers can be aware of it and then the product will ship in the fall, just like the Mac Pro. 
Wow I never knew that. I always thought I had to double tap the home button to initiate it. 
I hope the stock keyboard gets swype. 
If you dislike the new keyboard (I do too) I got a surprise for you: they're putting the same one in the new MBP. 
I can see them announcing the new MBP's to show off the new OLED touchpad but they won't be available for order until the fall. 
I want swype on the stock keyboard. 
I want Apple to add swype to the stock keyboard. 
I'm looking forward to going from a 670 to 1070. 
How do these compare to the audio technical M50X?
That would be pretty cool but I'm still not paying $1,000 for a monitor. It needs to come down to a realistic price. 
I'm not sure about having that touchpad above the keyboard. It seems kind of gimmicky. 
Welcome to the world of tech journalism. 
That's too bad. I would love the new MacBook pros to come in that black. 
I bought it in early 2012. 
I've had a 670 since it released and it still works like a charm and plays all the games find. However, I'll be upgrading to the 1070 and playing through witcher 3. 
I plan on jumping from a 670 to the 1070. 
I'm sure Siri will be upgraded at WWDC. It's been 5 years now. However, I don't think it'll be as mind blowing as this article suggests. 
Don't want tech and scifi mixed with my medieval fantasy. No thanks. 
I also recommend this app. I use it almost everyday and its miles ahead of the competition. It scans incredibly quick and you don't have to fiddle with pointing out the edges of the paper. It also lets you rapidly scan pages one after the other. 
I'm not sure but you'd think if they can make those they'd be able to update the Cinema Display and sell customers a 4K or 5k display. 
You could try Google Music. It's free to upload 50,000 songs and it doesn't replace your uploaded music with different matched versions like Apple does. The Google Music app on iOS will let you download music for offline playback. 
People actually think a less than two month delay is going to result in a drastically better game? Get real. 

They just delayed it probably because they weren't going to hit gold before the scheduled release date with what the game currently offers. 
I've been eyeing these for awhile. Is it possible to get a better deal relatively soon?
Any reason to be concerned about these being refurbished?
This is why I think I'm going to stop watching. I decided I would give this season a shot but it's been incredibly worse than say, seasons 1-3. The OC in the show is garbage and they are missing so much content and killing off story lines so fast because they only have so much time. The Hodor reveal was the last straw for me. I'm really sad I got the watered down reveal by watching it on the show. I'm sure the book reveal will be much more rewarding. You could tell the Hodor reveal was something directly from GRRM. It's way too clever and impactful to have been made up by D&D. 

I'm not watching anymore. I'll wait and read the books and get the real impactful story. 
The same thing is happening now with Allo. Some people think the automated reply choices are amazing and others, including myself, think it's silly. How lazy are we that we can't type out our own reply to a text? From the demo the suggested replies all looked generic and silly too. 
I notice mine only shows songs I have played from my library. I want something like Google Music where it shows playlists, songs, albums, radios, etc. I have recently listened to.
It desperately needs this.
They can learn to keep pushing the direction they've been going with keeping privacy and security first. They don't need to start collecting every bit of information about us so they can offer little automated replies in iMessage. Those are meme features. Also, they can feel proud knowing that they are still excellent at keeping their products and services cohesive. They don't need 5 different messaging apps. What they do need to do is open up Siri and improve her speed and accuracy. 
We'll see a year from now. 
Don't worry about it. They'll both be dead within a year. 
Exactly. My friends and I all use Square Cash to quickly send money back and forth. If Apple adds that functionality into iMessage it will make it an even stickier feature that keeps people on their iPhones. 
I remember reading a rumor awhile back that Apple was going to add a feature to iMessage that lets users send and receive money from each other using Apple Pay. That would be a cool feature built right into iMessage. 
Yup. It wasn't long ago that Google unveiled Hangouts and claimed it would be THE messaging platform. Look how that turned out. Allo and Duo are headed in the direction. 
Will the 1080 be worth the extra money? I'm coming from a 670 I'm thinking about upgrading to a 1070. I play on 1080p but might go to 1440. 
I guess Apple can rest easy knowing that iMessage will remain King in the US for awhile longer. 
That's what I was thinking. Now we have another chat platform on android and a separate video chat platform. They both have dumb names. The guy on stage couldn't even keep the names straight. He called Duo Allo. 
I doubt we'll see new nexus phones. They always come in the fall alongside the release of the next version of android. Android N came out early but it's release date is still late Q3. 
Is the 1080 really worth the extra money or should I just get a 1070?
Here's a better idea: put a YouTube chat not inside Messenger and Hangouts so someone can just type @youtube <YouTube video description> and then they can pick a YouTube video from the results and send it right in the messaging app. I believe telegram has this. 
Of course they're doing ok. I just think it's a bit silly that you can't even zoom in on pictures in the app. 
How is it possible that a app designed around photos doesn't let you zoom in on photos. 
The problem isn't features. The problem is penetration. People are fickle and if most people are using WhatsApp or FB Messenger or iMessage, they're not going to up and switch to a different messaging platform. We've already seen this with Hangouts, Telegram, and Signal. The enthusiasts switch over to something new and they may get a couple people to try it but most people just stay with whatever they're already using to message people. It's very difficult to get everyone you know to switch over to a new messaging platform, especially if the one they're used to using is the default messaging app on their phone and everything's built in (iMessage). Googles best chance is to make something close to iMessage and be able to make it default on all android phone but of course we all know that won't happen because of carriers and other manufacturers. 
Another year, another I/O, more hopes and speculation of a superb messaging platform from Google that will rival iMessage. How did that turn out with hangouts?
They want to lower the friction between you and your wallet :)
Wow this is awesome. I waited until tonight to decide to pull the trigger or not and now I can continue to hold off. I want to see what Google has in store for I/O. 
Looks dank brah, especially dark mode. I hate how the album artwork is zoomed in on the google music app. 
I wanted WWII
Are they going to put it out on streaming services or be whinny little bitches and denounce streaming services while everyone just torrents it?
I think I'll finally upgrade my 670. 
Unfortunately all tech companies are now becoming service companies. The hardware needs to be just good enough to get a person in the ecosystem. Once they're in then they need to become dependent on services and subscription services so they don't leave. Millions of people paying monthly for services is where the next growth is. 
How does swiping on the space key to move the cursor work when you need to go up or down through text?
Someone post some pics
Sweet
Hopefully they don't put the MacBook keyboard in them. That thing is garbage. 
Probably a few niche companies that charge a lot of money to create these systems. Or they'll just pay Indians peanuts to write and maintain the code. 
It's ok soon programming and development will be automated and WYSIWYG. 
It's not even real money. It's steam money. 
Will google music mess them up when uploaded?
Elton Johns Rocket Hour usually has some good music. 
I like Google Music and it does give me better music compared to other services. I just wish it was designed better and for the love of god quit showing album art all zoomed in. Who the hell thought that was a good idea. 
Can someone tell me what's so great about Tweetbot that makes it worth $10? I've been using Twitterrific and I think it's pretty great. 
As someone who recently started using Instagram this boggles my mind. How the hell does the app not allow you to zoom into photos or save photos. That's pretty ridiculous. 
I've been having this same problem since iOS 9. 
Im in my late twenties and all I play now is CS:GO. It's not even a game to me anymore. It's a sport and I play it because I love the thrill of the sport and the high skill level. I enjoy watching pros play and trying to get better and win matches with my team of friends. 

It's other games I've completely lost interest in. When I sit down to play anything else I just get bored or feel like I'm wasting my time. I'm sick of open world games that promise the world but get boring after awhile. I'm sick of games riddled with pay to win micro transactions or pre order bonuses. The last game I really enjoyed was witcher 2. I tried to play 3 but just got overwhelmed by the size of the content and just gave up. 
Why do most things on the go easily on your 5.5" iPhone when you can spend thousands more to do it on your MacBook and iPad Pro. Don't forget to grab an Apple Watch too. 
Podcasts mixed in with my music. Not really something I'm interested in. I like keeping that separate with Pocket Casts. 
I believe there's a periscope app. 
I think it and all the new play icons are atrocious. Also, I don't understand why album artwork is still zoomed in on Google Music. 
Yea it looks pretty horrendous. All of the new play icons look bad. Also, why is the album artwork still zoomed in on Google Music? It's silly. 
Good to know. Thanks. 
I wish Apple Music had a "recently played" area like Google Music where I can quickly get back to songs I recently listened to. 
I really wish they would rethink the design on the web. I hate having to open and close the side menu and there's just tons of wasted space everywhere. 
I agree. I finally caved and upgrade when the 6S came out and in still not thrilled with the size. It's never as comfortable to use one handed as the 4" form factor. It's also not much bigger to make a drastic difference in media consumption or UX. I tried the 6S Plus for a few days and I really loved the battery life and I can see how people like the bigger device and use it for everything they don't need a computer for but I just found the size too big. I'm considering grabbing a SE and trying it out. I wish Apple would ditch the home button, reduce the bezels, and give us a phone with the SE size but with a 4.5" screen. 
Narwhal does this. 
Check out TheNewBoston on YouTube. He has tons of good videos. 
What's the tethering app? Will it let you hotspot even if your plan doesn't allow it?
And the watering down of the Star Wars brand begins...
I really want something like this for CS 
Any idea what time? Like midnight of the 7th or in the morning?
I believe that's the international model 
Can you quickly snap shots of papers one after the other or does it take a moment to analyze each sheet?
I sit pretty fast to take the picture and convert it to pdf?
If it's like the 5S then no. 
It's a little disappointing that they went to matte chamfered edges. I loved how they shined on the 5S. It made it look like a piece of jewelry. 
I wonder if this has to do with all U. S. Cards needing to be upgraded to chip and pin...
I use a regular slim silicon case on my 6S and I can still easily use 3D Touch to switch apps. 
Yea I was messaging with someone but they wanted us to pay with PayPal gift option and we weren't comfortable with that. 
I did the same but after a couple days just hard pressing the left edge and swiping into the last app became second nature. 
I constantly use 3D Touch to switch between apps by pressing on the left edge. It would be so annoying to have to go back to hitting the home button twice and tapping the app to multitask again. 
Same here. Even $250 for 32GB is also a really good deal. I might just grab one to play around with alongside my 6S. 
From what I've read on here it sounds like you can cancel the Fi service after a day of use. 
I don't see Apple making cross platform unless they were getting really desperate and we're losing users. 
Do you still have the ticket for sale?
I want to go but I can't get tickets. If anyone has two for sale hit me up. 
If I buy a 5X through the Project Fi do I get the Google warranty and support that if get if I bought it from the play store?
One thing I don't understand is, if  Apple already gave them the iCloud data, what are they looking for? All of the contacts would be backed up to iCloud. Also, how does this not upset those who are supporting Apple? Most of us back up our data to iCloud, so the government can already get it if they want. I support Apple in this battle but I'm not sure how I still have data privacy when anything in iCloud can be handed over. 
Can I get the free tomb raider game if I buy a 970 from here?
Would I still get the tomb raider code if I bought one of these?
I've used iPhones most of the time and whenever I do try Android phones I'm grateful for those types of things but after awhile I just tend to use my phone for basic smartphone things and forget about needing access to a filesystem or having default apps. The only use case I find myself wanting it for is torrenting and I can just remote into my desktop and do that. 
How do you feel about missing things like a filesystem and default apps?
Is there a way to get a decent looking dictionary to work within moon reader?
Google Music is very choppy and laggy on my 5X. I thought it was my phone but from the sounds of it the app is just garbage. 
Google Music lags hard on my 5X. Opening the app starts slowly and there is a lot of choppiness when navigating through the app. I see the same choppiness when opening the menu in chrome. 
Is this game worth it yet?
Pretty impressive. How are you liking the 5X?
Thanks. It's on. 
Where do I go to see that setting?
Yes this is huge for me. I was just contemplating switching away from Apple Music because every time I would add a song to a playlist it would add it to my library. This made my library cluttered with artists with one or two songs. It was driving me crazy. I like to keep my library separate and curated. 
I wish I could convince people to use Telegram. Everyone I talk to most of the time uses iMessages.
And now you know why they dropped the subscription fee. 
On iOS I use Reeder and Apple News. On Android I use Press
I'm pretty sure content blockers only block ads in safari. Apple News still has ads in it. 
There are just things I prefer with ios and others I prefer on Android. I've used iPhones since the 3GS but I've also always messed around with Android over the years with the nexus devices. I've had the N4 and N5 for periods of time. 

I think Android has come a long way and deciding between ios and Android really has come to personal preference. However, I still feel like when I'm using a nexus phone I'm using a computer. By having access to a file system, default apps, downloading from the web, torrenting, etc it is a true mini computer. I still think ios looks better than Android though. Apps on ios are more consistent in design and the OS looks consistent and elegant. Apple knows how to nail the little details that make everyday use enjoyable. When using my iPhone I realize my capabilities are hindered but then I realize I really don't use my phone for those types of things I do on Android. In my everyday use I'm basically just taking phone calls, texting, taking pictures and video, browsing social sites, reading RSS or news, watching video, and rarely playing games. Maybe it's just because I've used ios for so long that I'm used to that mindset where I'm not needing to do those ultra techy things on my phone. I will say that I do still wish I could set default apps on ios and I wish the ios keyboard had swipe like the Android keyboard. With those standard day to day tasks I feel like Android aways dies by a thousand little cuts because it doesn't look as good, there's still lag here and there, the apps don't look as good, etc. All those little things get on my nerves. 

When using my 5X though I realize I'm using a great phone that costs half of what my iPhone did, especially because I bought it during black Friday and got the 32GB for $70 off. A lot of people don't like the cheap feel of the 5X but I don't mind it. I actually like it. It makes it feel like a utility. I guess that's the big difference. My 5X feels like a utility and my iPhone feels like a piece of art. 
I'm struggling to make a decision between my 5X and my iPhone 6S. There are things I like and dislike about both ecosystems. 
That is awesome.
Wow this was kind of out of left field. This is pretty awesome though. I have tons of voice memos that are guitar riffs. I am looking forward to using this.
How are you liking the 6S Plus? I have a 6S and a 5X but for the same reasons you stated I'll probably stick with the iPhone and am considering moving up to the Plus. 
Do you think you will stick with the iphone?
I have a 5X and the app is incredibly laggy and choppy on it as well. 
They really need to redesign the mobile app and the web app. There is so much wasted space and trying to make the web app a big Android app was a very bad idea. 
I still see ads in the stock News app. Just saying...
If anything iCloud storage will become cheaper. Apple will have to to compete with other platforms. I'm not sure if they'll ever go free for unlimited like Google but I wouldn't surprise if they up the limits again this year. 
I'm not sure if I'll be keeping mine. I've been using it alongside my iPhone 6S and there are things I really love about the 5X but there are also things I don't like. I have been getting some lag in certain apps, especially Google Music. Some animations are choppy as well. Most of my family and friends use iPhones too so I'll be left out of iMessages and FaceTime. It's a tough choice. The 6P looks like a good phone too but I'm not sure I'd want something that big. 
I'm enjoying my 5X. I'm using it alongside my iPhone 6S and I'm really contemplating switching fully. I do however notice some lag here and there. For example, opening Google music sometimes takes a few seconds to open and navigating around the app is choppy and laggy. Also, chrome runs like crap. When I select the menu in chrome the opening animation lags hard. The camera is a bit laggy as well. It's these little nags that make me keep going back to my 6S. I've tried a factory rest too and it didn't fix any of the lag. 

Oh and the auto brightness is garbage. it keeps dimming my screen and making it brighter randomly when I'm in the same spot. 
That's pretty cool. I use nova launcher though. 
Kill the home button and put Touch ID in the screen. Instead of using the home button you can 3D Touch the lower part of the screen in the middle to trigger the home button and Touch ID. 
I've tried a couple stand alone players that are essentially just the web player is a wrapper. They weren't very good. 
When they redesigned the web player is when I stopped using Google Music. It's atrocious. 
If you are looking for a Twitch there are AnyStream and Untwitched. They both work fine for watching Twitch. 
Can you use this on mobile tho?
My Chromecast no longer streams twitch in source quality. I think the app needs to be updated. 
I am running this on a nexus 5x and this new update is running much better. Everything is smoother. 
I have a custom built Windows rig for gaming, a 2012 13" MBA for portable, and a 6S for my phone. Funny enough, my PC has lasted way longer than my MBA and I love having the ability to just upgrade individual components whenever j want. My MBA' battery is shot. It barely lasts a couple hours on full charge. The front camera is also busted. I've also noticed safari locks up a lot in El Capitan. The machine is pretty nice for casual stuff and lounging around though. It's so light it's basically an iPad with a keyboard and a full OS. That's not worth $1500 though. The longer I have my desktop the more I'm starting to realize I probably don't even need my MBA. I can do everything on my Windows machine and it's got way better specs. As another poster mentioned, I want to clean up the tech clutter in my life and be a little simpler. I'm starting to think just a smartphone and a desktop is it for me. 

The one thing I do miss when using my desktop is  iMessage. I wish I could send and receive messages on my Windows machine. I love iOS but I'm also currently testing out a Nexus 5X and it starting to grow on me. Each ecosystem has its pros and cons though so I can't really decide which one I want to stick with. 
People have been saying this for years. "This next version of Android will fix x!" It never does. I've got a 5X and it's still laggy and janky. Just get an iPhone. 
Does that deal include the free tomb raider game?
I haven't got the update yet but my 5X is also laggy after a bit. Google Music is especially bad. If I tap on the icon it takes a few seconds to open and load. Navigating around the app is choppy. 
As far as I'm aware Apple has to allow the third party developer to hook into Siri. They are slowly adding more apps so I would imagine Plex can integrate with it eventually. 
This sounds like a solid update. I can't wait until Siri can search my Plex library though. 
Apparently this isn't really a night mode. It's more along the lines of making your display warmer or cooler and reducing blue light. It's not a whole new dark UI. 
I don't understand why it's so bad on android. It's very fast and fluid on iOS. 
I've noticed the same thing with mine. I've also restored after 6.0.1. When tapping apps sometimes it takes a few seconds to load. Google Music is a common one. The app launches slowly and moving around in the app lags. Scrolling up and down in certain other apps also is stuttery. There is definitely lag when using it side by side with my 6S. I realize the 5X is half the cost but it's pretty silly that it had these specs and there's animation lag. 
Yea it appears tiger direct is not a part of the promo. 

http://www.geforce.com/games-applications/pc-games/rise-of-the-tomb-raider/bundle
Ok good to know. I'm assuming this one probably isn't eligible. 
Will I get the new tomb raider game if I buy this?
How will the mic and volume buttons work on a wireless headset. It would really suck to lose the volume buttons and play pause button. 
The app is still super laggy on my 5X and sometimes I tap on the app icon and ur takes a few seconds to launch. I've done a reset on the 5X and it didn't help at all. 
Yea but that doesn't mean I want every song I like to be in my library. If I thumbs up a song on google music or Spotify they don't go into my library. They do go into a separate playlist I can go listen to again though. 
Spotify does that with their Discover Weekly playlist. I just don't like how when I add songs to a playlist they also get added to my library. I end up with a bunch of artists in my library with like one or two songs. 
What ios safety extension is that?
Good to know. I'll check this out. 
Is the glossy screen an issue?
This s good news. When the Steam Link was first announced I thought it would be cool if it got apps so it could also be a streaming set top box. It would be awesome if Plex makes an app for it. 
I wish I could torrent on it. I wish I had a file manager. I wish safari played webm. 
Does anyone else have wonky auto display brightness? If I have it on my display brightness will constantly change every like 10 seconds. It's pretty silly that a phone in 2016 can't even do auto brightness right. 
Were you seeing lag such as apps faking a few seconds to open? Or apps loading slowly when opened? This is what I'm noticing on mine and I'm considering doing a reset. 
The grass isn't always greener on the other side. Android will just present you with more pros and cons. I wouldn't worry about the possible removal of the headphone jack until we get closer to the reveal of the iPhone 7. 
Is the 970 still a good card to get?
Because it requires root. 
I have a 5X and have been contemplating rooting to get ad away but I'm currently using Adguard. Is Adguard trustworthy? Can they do anything malicious or get my data by putting their VPN on my phone?
I listen to albums from start to finish all the time. An artist doesn't make their way into my library unless they can make full actualized albums. I'm not interested in having a bunch of singles or EPs from an artist where there are a couple songs and some remixes. 
I'm too used to using it to quickly switch apps. It's a lot faster than double tapping the home button. 
I find Google Music the best of the services to quickly jump into a radio or playlist thanks to the Songza integration. However, the design of the app and web interface is trash. 
I wouldn't mind going back to a 4" iPhone but I don't want to give up 3D touch.
I would like to see them add more beats station for different genres. They should also add activity playlists for sleeping. 
I like how clean Apple News makes articles but does anyone else notice it takes forever to update articles? I'm on a 6S and sometimes it takes a minute or two to update my articles. An RSS reader updates in seconds. 
If you're listening to an album on Apple Music you can scroll to the bottom and it will show you artists similar to the one you're listening too. 
I just use the radios and if I hear something I like I go to the artist. I don't know about the so called "curated playlists". A lot of them I listen to I will hear a couple songs I like and the rest will be garbage. The "For You" section keeps giving me the same couple different playlists except with different bands or different years.
This works make these most sense. 
Yea I have a lifetime subscription to Plex pass. I was just curious if infuse offered anything like library sharing. 
Can you share your media with others outside your network?
I watched the whole 1989 tour video. I ain't even mad. 
I am considering getting one for casual use and travel and making my 13" MBA a permanent desktop but I really don't care for the new keyboard and only having one port is a little off putting. I love the idea of having a retina screen though. 
What do you like about the MacBook?
I just got the R4. Would it be beneficial to return it and get this?
Holy shit thank you. I bought one of these monitors on Black Friday and I was shocked out not eye-popping it was compared to my 144hz ASUS. It turns out mine was doing what you described. It looks way way better now. 
Any news on when that is coming out?
I just went and played around with the MB at Best Buy and I am not so sure. I didn't really like the new trackpad or the new keyboard. The new keys felt a lot worse than those on my MBA. The retina screen is nice though.
I agree. Google is slowly rolling out MD to YouTube on the desktop and it just looks like a blown up version of the mobile app. The redesign of Google Music on the web is what made me switch to other music players and now I mostly use Apple Music because I find the UI design way more pleasing. I don't really get people's gripes with it being hard to navigate. At least Apple Music displays the album artwork nicely, Google Music can't even do that without zooming in on it.
I have a 13" MBA from 2012 with i7/8GB/256GB and I am considering getting this MacBook and turning my MBA into a desktop solution. Do you think that is doable? My MBA would just be hooked up to my external monitor and be used for programming, plex server, etc. and my MacBook would be for casual use on the go or around the house (essentially a glorified tablet)
I used to exclusively use Google Music but once they made the web app into material design I was done. That web app is atrocious and terrible in terms of UX. 
I wonder if Plex will introduce the ability to download missing subtitle tracks, like Infuse. 
Nexus 5X

Light but too wide
What Reddit app supports 3D Touch?
I use it the most for app switching. It makes multitasking so much faster. 