Yeah. I run because you never know when the next one will be the one that's delayed 15 minutes.
Honestly, it sounds like you'd actually like a trip to the South. A ton of fresh seafood from the Atlantic and Gulf, crawdad boil always seemed to be more of a Cajun thing, and alligator is easy to come by, at least I noticed it a lot more when I was in Florida.
Same. Holy crap that's a game changer. Playing a mage with more than two spells was so annoying. 
So good. Expensive, but good. We got 5 or 6 dishes last time and every single one was delicious. 
I get lag spikes at the start of almost every game. Oh, and after an hour the game loves to crash right as I'm joining a ranked match so then I get locked out for bailing.
After the break in, my Chippewa boots legit might be my most comfortable pair of shoes. There's something about sliding a boot on and the sole just contouring perfectly.
Lol these are Philly fans. See: Eagles this year.


I love it though. Philly fans are so obnoxious it's great.
I like it. Definitely less hangups than the 5x. Battery is infinitely better compared to the 5x. Camera is pretty garbage still but I expected that
Used to do donuts on my forklift to kill time. One time I left a huge skid mark so I moved a few pallets of junk on top of it and told my boss we ran out of room and the junk stayed there the whole time I was there. Good times.


Would never do the OP's gif. I saw a guy try it and nearly lose his foot because he was an idiot and standing on the cart the wrong way.
Same. I bought a pair years ago that lasted through almost daily wear for 3 years. Eventually the stitching on the sole wore out and they fell apart. The brown also goes with pretty much anything
Yeah I bought this last year and def regret it. Fabric is just off for a while suit and the cut was weird for me.
Same. Macy's is okay if you're in a hurry but not much else lol
They're also much darker than the pictures suggest. I bought a pair and like them a lot. The fade on the knees is the only thing that's outdated imo
Agreed on the soles - while my feet were  dry after walking through multiple puddles, wet concrete might as well be a fresh waxed floor. 
Picked up a black pair from STP for $50 a month ago. The break-in sucked because I have a high instep and they were wrecking my feet. 

They're pretty nice for the price. Some loose threads but they feel really nice now. Mine has the leather stack in the heel with the rubber recessed studs.

OP lowkey reminding everyone how to always get cheap shoe trees.
Same exact problems after one of the last updates. It's a real bummer because I get screwed in a lot of ranked matches due to insane lag or the game just straight up closing. I'm in the same boat that my internet connection is fine, it's only RL that seems to have connectivity issues. Everything was fine until recently - I think it was the last update that added a new standard crate.
Yeah, I wanted to find the most versatile pair I could. These look great even in jeans but would probably still be okay with a less formal suit.
AotD: The smell of an open field of grass on a brisk, foggy morning. 

[Frye Double Monk Straps in Ash Nubuck](https://imgur.com/a/CMETl) that I just bought last week. I've been wanting a pair of monk straps and something suede/nubuck but wasn't too sold on either. Before dropping serious money on something i might hate I picked these up on the cheap to try out. So far they are really comfortable and I love the look and feel.
Yup. Wife made a loaf of beer bread, we put it in a ziploc bag and mistakenly left it on the counter when we left to run to the store and were only gone for 10 minutes. Came back to remnants of ziploc bag and giant chunks of bread missing. The poop that came out of the cat for the next few days was something else.
No clue. I have like 150 hours, all online, and game installed on a microSD as well. Unfortunately, mine crashes like crazy. It's definitely more frequent in docked mode for me, but also happens occasionally in handheld. I can't figure out if there is a trigger because I switch cars frequently and it seems to happen at random.


In docked mode, I'm pretty much guaranteed 1 crash an hour.
Yeah, I have two pairs of the 1939 Service boots and the break-in was a week or two. Now, they are so incredibly comfortable and I'm wearing Chips at least 4 days a week.
Same. Easily my grail of grails for any type of clothing. Some day...
Yeah, Target is doing a random purge of games. My local one had Doom and Lego Ninjago for $30 each. Might not be a bad time to hit up a Target and pray to the clearance gods.
Yeah, I checked the 2 I pass and none of them had joycons on clearance.

Doom was $30 though.
Didn't need another switch but the 20% off is great for accessories and cheap games. Got Monopoly for under $20.
I feel lucky. I typically get 2 a week at most. I just checked and had 7 spam calls since Feb 1. I do still wish there was a better way to automatically filter out spam calls but I don't seem to get any more calls than people who are not on Fi.
They've teased stuff like dodging/shedding status/surviving KO's with the addition of Pokemon-Amie so I wouldn't be surprised if they tried to make it more a core function of the game.
Drool. I'm firmly stuck on the Pokemon bandwagon, but a 3D remake of R/B + G/S would be amazing. The only downside is G/S is clearly set several years after R/B so they'd have to tweak the 2nd half.
someone tell me why this is obviously a scam before I buy another set of joycons
If HGTV is any indication, every single person under 40 lives in Nashville now.
Glad I'm not the only one. The crashes have been getting very aggravating/worrisome. I get at least 1 crash an hour now.
seems to be a crapshoot. Most comments are 50/50 on whether or not the Switch is in good shape and if the commenters are to be believed, Blinq seems to be refunding a portion of the cost if something is wrong. 
hit of lemon juice too. that's my go-to for roast veggies or some fish dishes.

Roasted brussel sprouts (real crispy) with a lemon sriracha mayo is one way to get people eating their veggies.
3 seasons of MyCareer. Every once in a while there's long holdups if I press "A" too much at the end of a game (stupid black screen while the audio finishes) but it's pretty rare.
It does, especially in MyCareer, but I've yet to spend anything outside of the cost of the game. In that mode, you definitely suck at first and the grind is real if you don't spend money to level up faster.


That said, I have about 250 hours into 2K and it's one of my top 3 games. Would recommend especially since you don't *have* to spend any extra money if you don't want to.
I mean...it's just a system that shows you local stock so it can be delivered quickly. Living in the northeast, I get a ton more stores that aren't even an option for my mom who lives in rural midwest.
Best  frugal rainproof jacket? I'm tired of buying cheap"water resistant" jackets that soak up every drop of water.
I'm thinking of jumping on this. I can get a Neon one for $225. Now I just need to convince myself I need a 2nd switch for my wife.
If only helmets could change for color rush. Bengals color rush with white helmet/black stripes would be hands down the coolest uniforms.
AotD: Replace them all the time. I've bought several of the flat waxed laces from Guarded Goods. Actually have a pair of the Burgundy leather laces coming in today for my burgundy chippewas.

WSAYWT: [Chippewa 1939 Service Boots](https://imgur.com/a/e3Kjx) -  Owned them for 4 or 5 months and I love how they look. I catch myself staring at them a lot of the time I wear them. The color is way different depending on the light which I really like.
Yeah. I'm a little worried because I'm still very much between Small and Medium with A&F (such is life) and rolled w/ smalls this time. My life is either shoulders are too small or I'm swimming in fabric around my stomach. But honestly, at around $15 a piece, they're a steal. I love the pants and shirts I've got from there before.
I spend all my money at A&F. They're about the closest I can get to shirts and pants that don't need tailored. Definite one of the better places if you have a disproportionately small midsection.
The "friend" makes this one of my favorite threads ever.
I thought my 250 hours on NBA were a lot.
Shit you're right and I failed at reading. Good call.
~~Anytime someone says ymmv for Nordstrom rack... You're not getting that deal. I saw cp whites for $150 a couple weeks ago but I know it's just returns and won't show up at every rack store~~

Edit: I can't read so disregard. I assumed Nordstrom Rack instead of Nordstrom. My above comment stands for the Rack but definitely wrong for main Nordstrom.
$20 the poster above you is a young, *white* left wing snow flake. There's a lot of people on Reddit who love to spout about being liberal but then have no understanding/care of issues outside of white people.

Dude said a racial slur and needs to apologize asap. There's no middle ground and it wasn't funny
Truth. Maybe a sticky about "common 1-time discount" things like the ebates sign up and the Google Express 20% sign up discount
Nintendo's old program was great. Free games sometimes but the cool stuff was the physical rewards. I still use the LoZ 3ds cartridge case and Wiimote holder that I got for free with my rewards. Every once in a while they had really cool figurines you could get.
oh damn. i haven't redeemed any either. good to know!
Lol try being a financial aid counselor. My job is to talk to all of these people in real life and be hated by everyone.
Went there for the first time last week and my goodness it's good. I could go and just drink the tea.
Good call. I'm up to 40+ of these things and I refuse to spend money just for a chance to get something I want.
Nah, it happened a ton in NBA2k and even with their patch it still cackles sometimes. I've also had cackling on Rocket League. None of it is super annoying but it's definitely something I've noticed on more than one game.
Just FYI, some of these verification things will see if you are enrolled or not, not just admitted.

It's definitely a good idea for places that don't verify and just look for a .edu email.

Source: Worked at a comm college (and took classes sometimes) and even with my work/school email, some places required half-time enrollment.
Same. Haven't even had the chance to start Odyssey because Rocket League sucks up my time.
I figured it out last night in my case. Apparently my router's network was 2.4 ghz. I logged in to the router and had the option to create a 5 ghz network which I did and the only device on it is my Switch. Absolutely no lag after that and it's night and day how much better the game is. Maybe check your router and see if you can do the same? 


Fwiw, I was in the same boat where nothing else experienced lag or choppiness, it was only Rocket League. Weirdest thing.
When my order shipped (like the next morning) the confirmation receipt showed that the tax was removed.
I wish I could pull off green boots...
I know this is a late reply, but I have infuriatingly bad lag on Rocket League. It's mostly when docked - sometimes matches will lag in 10 second intervals at which point it's completely unplayable. I did the trick about changing something with the Switch's internet settings and it didn't help at all.
I lost feeling in my leg riding it once. For some reason halfway through the loop my safety bar clicked one more time even though it was already snug and it started cutting circulation.

Rode again anyway. That coaster was intense.
It's all a ploy to get someone's deets. I'll volunteer!
Agreed. I've turned to Rocket League for my quick online game because it's so much quicker. Weird how something as insignificant as an intro can be so off-putting.
In /r/NBA this would be instant copypasta material.
I miss MH on the TV. I just couldn't get into playing MH on the 3ds after playing it on the U.
It's always the game I whip out when I'm visiting someone or people come over. The novelty wears off after like an hour or so but everyone who's played it enjoys it. It's probably still not worth it at this price but would be a good $20-$25 game. 


Should add we have around 30 hours play time for the game.
CB13 lover and my windows laptop is a Dell that only sucks because hard drive. I can't think of any problems I've had with Dell.
As a sucker for sports games and grind games...this game stole my soul. Closing in on 250 hours.

MyCareer was definitely a pain in the ass until I got around 85s in shooting skills.


Also add I've spent $0 extra dollars beyond the base game.
Their peacoats have a liner and are pretty heavy. I liked the fit and I'm sure it keeps you warm, but I opted for the wool blend crombie coat. I tried on the cashmere one and it's comfy...
Same. We have one cat who is incredibly easy to read. People comment all the time how weird he is because his facial expressions are so bold
Same. No problems with Project Fi or my 5x, but the trade-in value was right around the going rate for the phone so I switched to the x4. I do miss the absolutely stellar camera, but wouldn't trade it for the killer battery life.
Love the write up. Definitely important for anyone thinking of buying from Muji to read it. While I love the feel and quality of Muji, the fit is just too boxy for me.
Madden was on the Wii U...

It was pretty cool too. The gamepad was the playbook.
Better than 30 jerk threads every day. Force that into one post at least
Pretty much yes to this. I don't even need 1280, 720 with this stuff included would be perfect
They teased it with the dream stuff in B/W where you could do missions together. They basically need to go back and make a better Gen V. Some coop, difficulty settings, it'd be great.
Also adjusts prices for all these sales
Not to mention it's not hard to find Columbia fleece jackets frequently for $20 or less at an outlet store which are always a solid choice.
A lot of times the descriptions are descriptive enough to tell you if it's a "new" product or a return that was dinged up. For the Switch I would say you're good as long as there's no display damage.

I got my DSLR for around 40% off through Amazon Warehouse simply because the original packaging was wrecked. Camera itself had 0 shutter count.
I'm going to assume that's where most of these sales came from. Nintendo pushed the 2DS XL hard and 2DS bundles are like $70 or $80 in-store.
Yeah. I'm guessing the figures include 2DS sales. I'd love to see a breakout of individual consoles to see how much of 3DS sales are carried by the 2DS and 2DS XL. I know that in a growing number of stores you can't even find regular 3DS XL's anymore. Nintendo crushed it with the "budget" 3ds.
No shit. All these people acting like all cardboard is the same. I used to work shipping/receiving in a warehouse and there's some ridiculous high quality cardboard out there that a kid would have a hard time destroying.
Sales. Like Chippewa and red wing seconds get into this area on Sierra Trading Post sometimes. I have two pairs of Chippewas nicer service boots that I got for $200 total.
Or NFL players who throw punches at a guy wearing a helmet...NFL fights make you realize just how stupid people can be when they're mad.
Same. Was not easy being a pacers fan for a while after that
Yeah this deal sucks for most items. A lot of things I was looking at were definitely cheaper during the 40% off
Also this bomber from Gap was like $35 just last week

And small difference but I tried the Gap one in store and it definitely said 65% wool
Would honestly be legit and print money for Nintendo. Everyone I know owned those stupid WiiFit boards.

"Now you can exercise with Switch Fit anywhere!"
Is that the exact extension cord you bought? We really need one because our TV stand is tiny and docking the Switch is an annoying game. 
I'll never forget leveling in WoW. Especially at lower levels, you just felt like some lone adventurer trying to make it in the world. Sometimes when I get nostalgic I remember that I basically lived in the Barrens for weeks, just questing away on a low pop server so I never saw anyone much higher lvl than myself.


WotLK/Cata shit on that by making it so incredibly easy to level. I was never one to care about endgame. 
I felt like the coolest person when I got my ghost wolf until I wandered into Ashenvale and came across a raid of people who were all on mounts. Shit on my happiness real quick.
Your statement is one of my biggest beefs with the Switch. Where is the option to leave WiFi on in sleep mode? Splatoon, NBA2k, Rocket League...pretty much have to reset the game every time.


It's super annoying with games like Splatoon and 2K because there's a bunch of loading and/or intros to sit through.
I haven't had that problem. I also wasn't blessed with super hairy legs so that may be why ha.
I love my flannel lined chinos. Keeps my legs toasty and the flannel lining blocks a lot of the cold wind.
Have the slim version. My biggest complaint is that it's too warm. Tough to wear anytime it's above the teens. 

Absolute rock solid against wind. I was wearing it out during and after the blizzard in Boston a couple weeks ago with no problem.
Same. Framerates are good - I really, really hate how long it takes everything to load on MyCareer.


That said I've sunk way too many hours and overall enjoy it. Probably helps it's the first 2k game I've played so the grind doesn't bother me much.
People want open world and/or the end of turn based combat. Seems like the popular opinion right now is BotW with Pokemon. 

I just don't see that happening - especially with this being the first game on the Switch. Why would they take risks when old, reliable Pokemon will still sell millions.


Personally, I just want less cutscenes than Sun/Moon had and HD graphics of Sun/Moon. Unlike a lot of people, I don't expect some revolutionary change. 
Seems like a lot of people want the core mechanics to change. All of those people will always be sorely disappointed. 
Same for Splatoon 1. Everyone saying you can't get past the lower tiers but breezed to S w/o gyro.


Just recently picked up 2 and trying to get back into gyro before doing ranked.
Don't risk it and just ask an advisor or someone in the Registrar's office. The CC I worked at would let you skip gen eds if you CLEP/AP tested for the credits but some won't.

Also, check if the website has a CLEP crosswalk for classes offered.
Not OP but imo MyCareer on nba2k is an RPG except it's basketball instead of fantasy elements that you traditionally see.
Have two pairs of these - they are pretty good. Obviously I try to avoid wearing them in snow/ice due to crazy amounts of salt, but they're pretty good at not slipping everywhere.
Thank you. A full offseason with a new coach and getting time to work with the team. Jacoby has flashes of being a starter but he was thrown into a shitty situation - he needs time.
Yeah. The colts had something like...6 or 7 games where they were leading at the half. Had the worst 4th quarter point differential. This season was just watching a team that was only prepared for 2 quarters. A good coach who can adjust could make all the difference. 


Edit: If we get old Luck back even a half-competent coach (like Pagano) could get them back to being a consistent playoff team.
Living in Boston - this is true...Pats fans love to hate the Colts for deflategate.
Good looking out. Shipping+tax for me was around $9. 
Definitely. I only played through the single player once but the cuteness and overall polished nature of the game makes it worth it. Plus i know the challenges are there for when I get an itch to play
It definitely was several years ago. Basically, liquor stores would have to make all these changes to their hours, staffing, etc., whereas the large grocery stores would just say "great" and start selling on Sundays as well. Selling on Sunday would benefit grocery stores way more.


Iirc, the new fight is everyone shitting on convenience stores who want to sell cold beer. /u/Sam_Hamilton isn't wrong though - the liquor lobby has been one of driving forces behind a lack of progress.
I'm hoping that a system overhaul comes out as its own announcement soon. Almost a year w/ nothing. Give us folders, themes, more apps...something.
No kidding. There were plenty of great, new games last year and we'll at least get Metroid and likely Pokemon and FE this year. Fill the gaps with remasters of acclaimed games and I'm okay with it. I still haven't had the chance to play Odyssey or FE:Warriors yet.
Gonna shout down some dragons
True. Even with the addition of DLC Nintendo has been pretty up front about DLC packs iirc.
So I was in Gap the other day and I swear that http://www.gap.com/browse/product.do?cid=1088115&pcid=5168&vid=1&pid=864243002 said it was 80% wool. Even at 60% wool, if you're looking for a bomber that's more for colder weather, the price is good right now (around $45).
And in the new games, Pokemon with high affection can Dodge as well.
Just as an addition - the Darn Tough's don't come with the lifetime guarantee since they are irregulars if you get them from TJ/Marshalls. However, at ~$10 a pop or less they are still a great buy.
I honestly don't understand some of these STP posts. Got my hopes up for 5 seconds but these are all the exact same prices they've always been. There's no "sale" on any of the boots. Mods might as well make a specific weekly post for people fishing for STP codes.
as another college employee: shut em down!
What's a better alternative in the 150-250 range? Those look exactly like the type of boot I've been looking for but I definitely don't want to waste $80 if they won't hold up for more than a year
Even the basic leggings are a godsend. I've been meaning to pick up the ultra ones
Damn I want to live nearby. Those would be perfect.
Darn Tough has changed me. IDK if they have no show but the white athletic sucks they sell only have a little tab out the back
"Recipe gets 2 out of 5 stars - lamb was dry"
Yo thanks a bunch. Used. 
i use it for my Wii U Pro controller and haven't had any issues. Once you set it up you can plug it in the USB that's inside the dock so it's hidden away. Understandably, the only "issue" is that you can't unsleep the Switch with said controller.
people shit on the AFCS unnecessarily. The two best teams from recent years are shit and yet the AFCS still has a good chance to send two teams to the playoffs.
It's 90% of what I wear casually and at work. I have a 38" chest but a 29" waist and Old Navy's Slim stretch OCBD's and stretch pants fit me like a glove. I've yet to find a top that is cut just right throughout.
If the colts were good this year I'd be a little upset at that possibility but fuck it, go Jags.
At least the chiefs remembered how to hand the ball to their rookie RB again.
Zenni has lenses with a blue light filter. I've got a couple pairs of every day glasses. They definitely work - the world looks a little less blue if you wear them everywhere.
Catch-22. Best way to describe it is...a funny, surreal, non-chronological book about war's impact on the human psyche.

It's the most "love it or hate it" book I know but definitely worth a try.
People who hate Skyward Sword really hate Skyward Sword. 

My first Zelda game was Link to the Past and Skyward Sword is still Top 3 for me.
Yesss. You will become my lifeblood.
Octo balloons are so underappreciated. There's so much fun stuff you can do by slapping balloons on things.
Octo balloon on orb > stasis balloon > shoot balloon. 

I failed several times at the ramp and gave up
I was worried they were going to tell me I missed the 30 day trade-in but just got the email I'll get the full $115. 

I ordered the trade-in kit on October 2nd, sent my 5x early November (was recvd November 13th). 
Extra 25% with SAVE25.

Personally, that's an ugly ass boot/shoe. But I've only had good things to say about Sperry's quality and with Thinsulate they'll likely be warm af.


If you want a more traditional duck boot they've got a few choices on STP.


https://www.sierratradingpost.com/sperry-cold-bay-duck-boots-waterproof-leather-for-men~p~334ta/?filterString=sperry~b~19550%2F
Oxford shirt, sweater, and flannel chinos for $50 is nuts. I just hope they all fit
It only applies to some of the boots. 

I was hoping seconds were included but they're not.
More power to you then! It's not that they look bad, I just prefer a cleaner look. Maybe once I get them I'll feel the same way and show em off. 
Also, the BotW amiibos are gorgeous. We bought all of them just to display them. 

The stupid totem stickers are what is keeping me entertained. I love the "hunting" aspects in video games.
Thanks. I've wanted a pair of darker moc boots as beaters and $35 for those Madras wedge boots is too hard to pass up. I don't plan on showing off the top of my boots anyway.
A lot of it has to do with the scams of people listing super low - I think Amazon goes off of the cheapest sales. I remember trying to sell my 3DS XL last year and the trade-in value was like $40 because there were 5 listings at $100 that were obviously scams. A week later all the listings were gone and the trade-in value was up to $120.
Depends on your State/school deadlines. Technically, the 2018-2019 FAFSA is available until June 30, 2019. You can still do the 2017-2018 if you want to jump in for the Winter/Spring/Summer terms at a college.
Your collection makes me feel better about having the same pair of boots in different colors. Really like the look of those Jumpers.
930 is still my favorite phone design wise. Just felt perfect in the hand. The sexy polycarbonate and aluminum band. Even the buttons were sleek. I would love for them to come back
As an Old Navy junkie, it's one of the few things I pass on. I've never found one that's flattering and just a few washes get them misshapen. As /u/aardvarkgecko mentioned, they also get stretched out something fierce pretty quickly. 

At $10 or w/e, I guess they'd be okay as lazy sweaters. 
Yeah I've worn mine a couple times and wet tile is the worst enemy. They're great if you need traction but absolutely not slip resistant
If you can handle the color:

https://www.sierratradingpost.com/wolverine-no-1883-cort-boots-waterproof-leather-for-men~p~213wj/?filterString=mens-boots~d~137%2Fspecdataor~features!waterproof%2Cwaterproof%20(all)%2Cwaterproof%20(gore-tex%C2%AE)%2F

Another option:

https://www.sierratradingpost.com/bogs-footwear-cruz-leather-chukka-boots-waterproof-for-men~p~326wr/?filterString=mens-boots~d~137%2Fspecdataor~features!waterproof%2Cwaterproof%20(all)%2Cwaterproof%20(gore-tex%C2%AE)%2F


Find the gym socks. They're slightly thicker than the normal socks and have some slight cushioning. Might not be the most attractive though.
We have the catit flower pot one. Been going strong for over a year and it's great because each cat drinks water differently (one just licks the flower and one drinks out of actual pool of water
Alpha industries parka for $35


Two pairs of the Chippewa 1939 1sts for $200 total.



Basically, most of my fall and winter clothing is thanks to fmf
Take a few days off. If you have other insoles, see if you can drop them in the boots and try that out. Mine didn't fit right with insoles so I just sucked it up. After a few more wears the pain started going away. But if you can get insoles you know work to fit, it's an obvious choice.

Mine got a little better when I fully laced my boots - guessing everything was more "connected" while I was walking.  I have chronic shin splints so I know your pain. 
I got serious shin splints trying to break in my chip boots but that's because my shins are completely shot from high school cross country. So it could be a possibility. If you're getting bruising and stuff though that may be a little weirder
ugh I wish I could find these in my size. 
The last time these codes went up I emailed CS and they refunded me the difference for a purchase I made the week before. Just hit them up - LL Bean's CS is amazing.
[these](https://i.imgur.com/gWkApTf.png)


I also set the warmth to Tungsten as it was pulling the yellow hard
No, of course not.


I can't believe I'm defending a Jags player so much but I'm astonished how many people think this is all Ramsey's fault.
But didn't you see. AJ got pushed and Jalen was being mean - it's totally okay for him to choke hold and punch after that!
Agreed. Also cracks me up how many whiny redditors are against him for pushing AJ. Like no one watches football where players are getting pushed and shit talked after the whistle all the time.
One of my favorite purchases on the Wii U. Not super long but such a beautiful game.
This pic had one soft, fluorescent light behind me. I thought it looked pretty good. I did have the HDR+ camera loaded up - the moto camera app is definitely garbage.

https://imgur.com/a/TGQcA
I wanted to like these but they're so narrow. Maybe my feet are just too flat
I always saw the katahdins as more "work" boots. I saw a pair in person once and they're massive and bulky. If you were going for Chips the service boots are much sleeker.
Def BOTW. Master mode is the best and I love how hard it is starting out.
I doubt it. The details say one cartwheel coupon per item.
Today's Cartwheel deal is 40% off EA Sports games...does that include the Switch version of FIFA? It doesn't say it's excluded...
If Bortles stays mildly competent, the Jags could easily compete with any AFC team. 

The Rams look like they'll be waiting for the Eagles in the NFC Champ game.
Boston here. Everywhere you go everyone wears patagonia.

Recently moved from the midwest where absolutely no one wears patagonia.

Edit: I was in Indiana - Patagonia wasteland there. I'd assume wealthier or more urban areas it would be more common.
No kidding. This thread cracks me up - so many people trying to push blame onto Ramsey. Trash talking is a past-time in every professional sport. If trash talking makes you put a guy in a chokehold [then](https://media.giphy.com/media/xT1XGESDlxj0GwoDRe/giphy.gif)...


idgaf what Ramsey said or if he was being chippy. Push him back, let the refs call unsportsmanlike (which they were going to do), but punching and trying to choke a guy out is bullshit.
Common to have the same boot in a different color/size? I love my burgundy chip service boots and happened to see a pair of tan ones pop up on STP that I snagged - just waiting to get them. Do you like having different shoes for variety?
Zara, Muji are somewhat comparative
Yeah, these have been up for a long time and they are 2nd's. Inventory will slowly trickle out but I don't expect a huge rush like the 1st's that went up a couple weeks ago.
Also Colts fan, shamelessly holding Luck and Mack all season, also had Gore at the start of the season. Still 2nd in both of my leagues.
25% off + $ .99 shipping

ABW91982 - should still work
Definitely. 2nd can be a great frugal choice for shoes. Good chance you will have trouble finding what makes them 2nd's.
These are the boots I want to pop up on STP. Amazon doesn't even have my size anymore 
My problem is I just don't know what I'd wear with them. Feel like a lot of shirt/pant combos are out if my boots are giving off a green color in sunlight.
It is. You can barely tell by the pictures on the site but looking at /u/revisedusername pictures in this thread they definitely look greenish.
FYI these have been up for weeks now at this price. They're 2nds and based on reviews and posts in /r/goodyearwelt they're definitely more on the green side.


I've been wanting to pull the trigger on these but just bought the Burgundy service boots and it seems un-frugal to buy these. 

Edit: To anyone on the fence about 2nds, here's the description from STP - "These are items with barely perceptible blemishes or slight irregularities that do not affect fit, performance or longevity such as an error in the stitching or a slight fading of the product’s color. Labels on 2nds are usually clipped or marked by the manufacturer, and 2nds are often offered at lower prices."


In other words, you'd likely see a small scratch on the boot, few misaligned stitches, etc., but the overall performance of the boot shouldn't be impacted.
Like he said, 

>at no point were we ever in danger of losing that game.


Did you see that Broncos offense?
I just got the Chippewa Service Boots and my Darn Tough gym socks have been amazing. Light cushion along the bottom has made the break-in way easier.
Same. Play NBA2K almost exclusively on handheld. It really is just more convenient and after a day or two I was more accustomed to the small screen anyway.


Wife plays BotW primarily in handheld
What are some websites people use to find deals on good quality boots? I've bought a few pairs from STP (love my Chips) but I find myself waiting to buy anything since I know 25% coupons exist. I'm trying to stay under the $150 range which means I'm fine with seconds.
Try Army/Navy stores. If you're going for warmth, they may not be as thick as you want but you can probably find 100% wool beanies for super cheap.


Example: https://www.sportsmansguide.com/product/index/us-military-surplus-wool-watch-caps-3-pack-new?a=935720
About the same here. Small is about perfect. Medium is too big
Fun fact - TJMaxx/Marshall's may still have them for $7-$9 a pair for slightly irregulars. If you live the frugal life.
Truthfully I've only bought a couple sweaters in terms of surplus stuff but yeah, most of the time it's pretty baggy. "Fashionable" isn't typically as important as "functional"
Bay leaves are underrated. It's my secret ingredient in mac n cheese and people love it.
Do you want full wool or blend okay? Target's new line has a pea coat that's 62% wool for $80. Since it's a new line it'd honestly be a crap shoot on quality: 
https://www.target.com/p/men-s-standard-fit-wool-pea-coat-goodfellow-co-153/-/A-52187192#lnk=newtab&preselect=52161076

I'd probably follow /u/nsh2017 suggestion and look at military surplus stores. Usually get a good price. Quick Google search: https://www.sportsmansguide.com/product/index/mil-tec-military-style-wool-pea-coat?a=1781367


My local Army/Navy store has a ton of topcoats and peacoats. Definitely good to check out if one is near you.

Eh, our vet says both of our cats have super clean teeth with no visible dental problems and we never brush them. I think a lot of it depends on if you do dry vs. wet food.
Our 5 and 7 year old cats still do this post poop. Funniest thing.
>Are any teams ranked below the Steelers clearly better than them?


I think this is the sticking point. So many teams are up-and-down this year...it's tough to say that any of those teams are genuinely better. My first reaction is "Steelers are way too high" but then I don't think there's anyone else I'd rank higher. I also think people are dinging the Steelers too much over the Jags loss but you could argue that odd-week Jags are a top 5 team.
The max level is 40...
As everyone predicted.
Eh, Pittsburgh is just high because of parity. Realistically I agree they should be around 5. The Jags problem is just consistency. They win the next game and they should 100% be top 10.
Ugh my wife will kill me if I buy another pair of boots but I really like those suede Chips. I bought the Burgundy 1939's last week and am also in love.
Hot diggity dawg
Ha thank you for putting my mind at ease. Really looking forward to breaking them in.
So question - how long can you play PoGo? It feels like I can get maybe 2 hours before my 5x is dead. Battery life seem much better with the x4?
Recently picked up my first nicer pair of boots - a pair of Burgundy Chippewa 1939 Service Boots. I really like everything about them but I'm worried about creasing on the right boot. I wore them for the first time today for about 5-6 hours. Will the creasing look better as they're worn? Am I overreacting?

https://imgur.com/a/h40cS

https://imgur.com/a/6O4FI




How's the shutter lag? I think that's the only thing I was worried about
Same. I don't need the best camera. My biggest thing is battery life and the x4 apparently is miles better than the 5x. See most people reporting 6-7 hours SoT compared to mine that hovers around 3-4 hours.

USB-C, waterproof for when I'm dumb, similar screen quality, and clean Android like the Nexus...


I have fancy DSLRs if I need nice pictures.
Yeah, he definitely won't win since he's a Rookie and a RB, but right now I'd say he's up there. He also needs to start scoring TD's again to be in talks for MVP.
iirc, you're locked into T-Mobile's network and the phone can't switch to Sprint or Republic Wireless. Depending on where you live it doesn't matter since T-Mobile is better most everywhere.

Do you experience any call issues? I'm afraid my 5x will bootloop any day but don't really want the x4.
Same. I replayed Black 2 and X so many times. I beat Sun, said thank god, and never played again. Definitely waiting to see reviews for the new ones before buying.
Yeah wtf at this point. It was one of their biggest selling points - Zelda but completely different.
100%. *Huge* hype because of Go and because Pokemon just sells no matter what. Every new gen pokemon game has sold at least 15 mil. 
Yeah, SuMo was the only time I never went back to replay a Pokemon game because I couldn't stand the cutscences but this looks like it'll still be cutscence heavy. I just want to play - I don't care to stop every 10 minutes to watch something.
Thank god Doyle is too incompetent to catch it long enough to fumble it.
This is one of the things I find infuriating about the Switch. Nintendo took some good stuff from the Wii and Wii U and was like "nah screw that stuff." They had the best app for tracking play data - why in the world did it not get carried forward.
Same. Bought nothing but cheap shitty socks. Picked up some DT at TJ Maxx a few weeks ago and I've already bought 5 more pairs since then. They're wonderful - keep the feet dry, the cushioned ones incredibly comfortable, and I have no doubt they will last a long time.
Same with Old Navy's Twill Stretch Pants. I love the overall fit and feel, but they're definitely on the longer side. 


I've got a couple of BR pants as well that are a tad on the long side but nothing too noticeable.

All of the Gap brand stretch pants have weird waste sizes. I normally wear a 31 in every other brand but have to go down to 30 with GAP and BR and 29 with Old Navy.
I snagged a few pairs from the TJ Maxx in Alewife but that was a few weeks ago. I saw a bunch at DTX Marhsall's last week. Figured there would still be some in most B&M stores.
This is one of the underrated things about ordering from any of the Gap brands (Banana Republic, Old Navy). They base the free shipping on pre-code amounts which is great for big %'s like this one.
The TJ/Marshall's in Boston are still mostly stocked up on Darn Tough seconds. I bought a couple of pairs and they're incredibly comfortable and keep my feet sweat from taking over when wearing boots. The lifestyles were $9.99 I think but still very much worth it.


Definitely a good time to hit up a B&M store and stock up.
Apparently they had around 55k a few weeks ago. 

As someone who just recently moved to the Northeast, $60 tickets sound amazing.
I had a Surface Pro 3 and it made me switch to Chromebooks. Idk if I just suck with Windows computers, but even after just 1 year my Surface was sluggish and took nearly a minute to boot and load my desktop.


I've also had an Acer Chromebook for over 3 years now and it still boots in less than 10 seconds. I never get sluggish performance just trying to open Chrome like I would with my SP3.
Definitely. Google needs to do a Pixel C with ChromeOS and within a year Acer and Asus would have $300 options.
I got the Dell Chromebook 13 refurb'd for $200 and I also never shut up about it. The only things it's missing is a touch screen and really good speakers. 


There's very, very few things I need a Windows laptop for anymore - I do a little photo editing and have so many good options between ChromeOS and Linux.  The last time I needed a Windows laptop was to format/partition a hard drive.
That's what I keep wondering. I personally don't use notification lights at all, but will there be a white notification instead of RGB? With how much of a fit people are throwing you'd think someone, somewhere would at least confirm if there's any light at all.
After *way* too many hours of playing (like 250+) I just gave up on stasis. If there's something to jump off of, I'm doing that instead. Especially for Talus - if you can get up on it once, you can just slow-mo and hit the rock again to rinse/repeat.
I can kind of see the smears, especially on the one with the guy smirking and eating. Half the picture looks really crisp, but gets smeary at the bottom of his beard and around him. It honestly looks like the DOF is out of whack on some of the pictures that have texture - like a crappy digital lens blur. You can see it on the lil Android figure too - pretty crisp at the edge of the headset but blurry at the "mic".


I'm thinking/hoping it's something software-based that just needs tweaked. Some of the pics just look like the shooter had the trembles or something and the phone tried to correct shakes by blurring.

Yeah I'm trying to figure out why these are bad pics for a midrange phone. The bread picture (since that seems to be the one OP truly hates) looks like it was either compressed or someone had an unsteady hand in a interior shot. I don't think I've seen where the phone has OIS so a somewhat blurry shot inside would make sense.
It really is crazy how cupcake the Jags schedule (and by that, most of the AFC South) is this season since the AFC North is shit. As of now, the only "good" teams left for the Jags are the Rams and Seahawks. 


If they can figure out how to play well on even weeks they'll walk into the playoffs with a bye. The only real challenges would be the divisional games, especially if Luck and Mariota come back.
So many teams are just up and down, especially with the number of long term injuries already piling up. This season, so far, has had the biggest amount of parity I can remember seeing.

Case in point: if the Jags played the even weeks like the odd weeks, they'd easily be a top 5 team.
Yeah, I play it too much. It's good to play most nights and I play it during my commute to work. 


It's definitely not like an arcade style basketball game. Your player in MyCareer will suck a lot during the first season. Play Now is fun though to just pick up and have a run-of-the-mill game between 2 teams. 
Yeah and I don't understand the microtransaction stuff. Almost every RPG style game I've played requires currency for you to buy shit and I've spent $0 beyond the initial cost of the game. Especially since so many people who bitch about how horrible 2k is probably love the games with endless DLC microtransactions (GTA5, Bethesda games, etc.)


I've sunk 90 hours into 2k already and with the patch the only complaint I have is the commentator audio is sometimes scratchy in pregame.
Not sure about the costs, but the patch made the game so much better. The cutscenes are now smooth and most of the audio issues I had are gone. I still get lag sometimes when 2ktv tries to load but that's the only really noticeable thing left.
I can confirm they do for other stuff at least. We ordered some bedding last week and they credited back 20% when I emailed them.
We got the Ultrasoft Flannel. Very cozy
We just got a set last week and they are amazing - highly recommend.
Also lets me show off more of my shirt. I really dislike more "standard" sweaters (crew/vneck) in a bizcas outfit - they just feel more restrictive than cardigans.

My grey merino wool cardigan is my staple piece of clothing. It goes with almost everything I own - jeans, chinos, OCBDs, dress shirts. 
I *still* use the ones that came with my One M8 (that I got right after release) on a daily basis. Haven't had any problems. 
Best part of Chromebooks too as they do practically the same thing.
Same, I just don't pay attention to the cutscenes and won't until (hopefully) it gets fixed. But the gameplay is fun and I haven't had any big issues with it.


The transactions are annoying just because you don't get very much each game and shit costs a lot. But i also suck at the game still so maybe the "newness" is what keeps it enjoyable.
Eh, I'll wait a few weeks. "All" will probably end up being just the Titans.
At least "shit on Brady week" tends to come and go pretty quick each season. Stupid sexy machine just needs a week of hate to refuel.
Yup. I've been on numerous hiring committees and one of the biggest things with new grads is the inclusion of a GPA. Accolades just look more official than a number. Had a 3.5 GPA? Great! Put Cum Laude on the resume - it looks better. 
Motivation was also my problem the first time around (had to drop out). Second time around I gave myself no choice. 5-6 classes each semester, always had at least 1 internship and usually had 1-2 part-time jobs. I was in class or working from 8:00 am - 11:00 pm every day. It sucked but I was able to finish with a 3.4 GPA. Definitely worth the bad sleep habits.
In addition, don't even bother with your GPA at all unless your degree is specific to the job (even then...eh).  Especially if your GPA sucked. Instead, put "Dean's List - Fall xxxx" or other academic accolades you had. That way if you started out crappy but finished strong, your resume will reflect that without a mediocre GPA dragging you down.
No, that's called being correct at some schools. If you don't have enough transfer credits you won't be considered a transfer student so you have to start all over again. The tradeoff is that, at most schools, it's way easier to get admitted as a transfer student than a new student. Less stuff required typically.

Besides, if an Admissions office really cared they can always check the Clearinghouse or a student's financial aid record.

Edit: In addition to above, the admission app as a "new student" would be tougher since, like a job interview, your admission letter would likely need to include something about the gap between high school and why you're applying now. But some schools would require you to apply as a new student anyway.
Weird. That definitely wasn't the case for me and it's not the case at any school I've worked at (I'm in higher ed). 

My official college transcript doesn't include the abysmal 2.01 from my prior school - just shows some "T" grades and my GPA only includes classes I took at the new school.


There's definitely no "standard" process across all schools. That's why a lot of grad programs will require transcripts from all of your prior schools - because some schools intentionally won't include your transfer creds in your GPA.
Yeah, and the Wii U was great at it. It was a really nice feature where the browser would "suggest" searching for the game you were playing. Pretty sure the 3ds does this as well. 
Same as the "it's great not having multimedia apps." Just don't use them then. There's no upside to a home console missing multimedia apps that the 3ds has. So many people out of touch.


I would rarely use any of the social stuff, but I at least want it there for the convenience.
The worst part is that you can link all your social media stuff to your profile yet Nintendo won't do away with codes. Like, it's all there already. How hard can it really be.
Not sure why you got downvoted. Iirc, this is the exact reason Nintendo gave for the Wii U with it's popular multiplayer games. 
Honestly...everything is fine except the shitty cutscenes. I haven't noticed anything gamebreaking about the actual portions of the game you can play. But when cutscene comes up, just go take a minute or so and it'll be over when you come back.
Definitely agree with you there. There's a definite downward trend with the team these last couple years. We can only hope Grigs is fired soon and something can be saved this season.
Ah yes, 3 straight playoff appearances, an AFC championship appearance, and no losing seasons. 


I hate Pagano so much and eagerly await the day he's finally fired but "bottom-feeder team" is so delusional. The Colts from 2012-2014 had the exact same problem as nearly every other team - beating the Patriots. The exact same problem that the Polian-era Colts had. People really suffer from recency bias.

Pagano would probably be fine on an actual bottom-feeder team - he's just Jeff Fisher 2.0.  
Lived in Porter for 3 months now - the amount of really good Japanese, Korean, and Thai places is amazing. Idk about other things they serve, but my go to when I'm lazy is the pho from Pho House in Porter. Super cheap (around $10), large portion, and the broth is tasty.

For OP, if you like pizza Upper Crust in Porter is also really good and has some weird specialty pizzas that people seem to like.
Maybe this year but I wouldn't be surprised if it turned a corner. The Titans could be a 10-win team, the Texans IDK, and if the Jags D is actually legit, I wouldn't be surprised to see 8 or 9 wins from them.

Colts will likely got 1-5 in the South because the Titans will def drop 1.
I didn't think I'd be driving to Nashua on a Friday night but here we are I guess.

Did you see anything about dates? I'd hate to drive there tomorrow and it's all normal prices again
We just moved to Boston and I thought about going. Cheapest tix I could find was like $160 in the absolute last row against the Bills...ridiculous. 


Maybe since they lost once all the fair weather fans will sell their tickets.
Recent Indiana transplant and this is why I won't even bother wearing my colts stuff. Even at work I still get to hear about deflategate all the damn time.
Yup. Cc I used to work at had the exact same courses as the 4 year school on the other side of town. The CC was a huge feeder school for the 4 year. Some classes even had the same professor teaching at both schools.

People are too dismissive and only look at stats. Retention rate is shit at most CCs but that's because you get a diverse crowd looking for different things. But at some CCs you can definitely get the same education for a couple years that you would at a 4 year
I'm wondering if there's any team besides the Patriots who could still be successful without their starting QB right now. 
You just had a whole new world open up. Now you can try to explore all of Hyrule castle without swinging a weapon at a Guardian.
I'll look to see if it's still supported, but when I switched last year there was a launcher based on tiles. It was okay but a real memory hog. M8 might struggle. I'll try to find it though. I feel your pain though - I kept going back to my Lumia 930 until I dropped it and the screen cracked. 

Edit: This seems to be the most popular. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ss.squarehome2&hl=en

I was a fucking whiz at math and typing thanks to dangerous levels of Runescape back in high school.
100% cotton and I'm assuming the same type of thickness that you find at Uniqlo, J Crew, etc. I might bite if it only needs a couple lines of stitching to fit to get rid of the boxiness.
No kidding...


BotW global lifetime sales = ~3.2m

WoW:Legion sales in *first 24 hours* = ~3.3m
No kidding. All the Target's around me were cleaned out two weeks ago. No one should expect anything but xxl shirts at this point
YouTube it. I know people do a "tuck tie" with Sperry's but it's wizardry to me.
I would buy a new version of the 930 in a heartbeat. That sexy polycarbonate with the metal band. And the Pureview Zeiss camera.  Still haven't found a phone that feels as good. 
Yeah, just quit your job and get one at a college. works great until you run into a company that verifies your enrollment.
Well that's interesting. I've been having the same problem with Hangouts and was thinking a switch to messages would fix it. Good to know it probably won't.
For around the same cost, I've switched over to Banana Republic Factory and it's night and day have much better things fit and hold up compared to JCF. It's definitely better to hit up an outlet directly instead of the website as I've found BRF's website to be more expensive than the store.


I'm also a sucker for Gap and Old Navy. I have a handful of oxford's from Old Navy that have lasted at least 2-3 years of being worn several times a week and have had 0 issues. Old Navy gets a lot of hate for the fits, but the slim line is nice and I've had way less complaints about quality than JCF.
Yeah. I bought a couple of lightweight OCBDs from a mainline store last month for $25 a piece. Their clearance stuff is usually 50% off and while it's usually out of season, some things just seem to be overstock. There's also a very noticeable step up in quality from JCF (to me at least).
CT has massively low arm holes that ruin the shirts for me. The super slim was also still too baggy. This new cut would probably be perfect but if the arm holes are still that awful I'd pass.
I'd love a code!
My wife has this conundrum. Her friends who bailed with Master's in Chemistry started in industry 3 years ago @ $80k+. She got a few offers in the six figures with a PhD, but chose a postdoc (like most PhDs who want an academic job) and makes shit money in an expensive city. The stress of money is definitely pushing her towards industry soon, especially since academia jobs just get harder to get. As it stands, unless she lucks out with a great academia job off the bat, we'll be screwed on doing any sort of long-term saving until we're in our mid-30's.  It's nuts that even the paid PhD programs basically suck 4-7 years out of your career earnings.
As someone who just can't do cringy shows, I agree in that I can't watch a good number of any episodes that are Michael heavy. Scott's Tots is really cringe but there's a whole lot of episodes just as bad.
This is def something I never knew I wanted but will most likely buy.
I like those as well - always preferred comfy golf shorts over anything else. Some golf shorts try to be too fashionable and get constricting.


For a frugal/cheaper choice, the C9 golf shorts at Target are also very lightweight and comfortable. I wear em golfing and for pretty much anything outside when it's super hot.
To add onto this - I bought the Old Navy peacoat last year during this sale and it kept me perfectly warm even when the temps dipped below 20 degrees and with shitty winds. I'm a super skinny guy and the fit was great for a peacoat. Definitely a good peacoat option for poor and/or frugal people.


To stay on topic I guess (and agreeing with you), there's no reason to spend more than $50 on a coat like the one OP posted. You can get ones like the above that will work just as well for much less.
Oh my god if I can break out my Wii U Pro again...by far my favorite controller ever.
To be fair, I got into the A's in Splatoon with just sticks. I'm not competitive enough that I *had* to get S rank and if you're good at the game (even without gyro) you'll still breeze through the ranks until you get into the B's.
But most likely I've already paid my doctor as I'm being prescribed medicine. So I just ask my doctor instead since I'm there. 
Same. I got up to 1930 or so and then lost two games in a row. Real bummer but at least I got king.
Ice Cream King 1860.2. Got it on the second to last game. Wewt. 
I definitely prefer my K-01 over my K-50. The size factor is just better and I weirdly love the brick. 
I think it speaks to one of the issues we face in today's world. Everything has become us vs. them. Even among feminists there's a huge difference in ideology - just like how in politics even different people in a party will have vastly different opinions. 


I've always said I'm a feminist in that I believe in equal rights - I'm very much not in the new-wave camp that women deserve to be superior to men or something due to the past. One of the biggest issues with the rise of the internet age is that people only see the extremes. The vast, vast majority of people who identify as feminist are not the ones you see showing up in places like TumblrInAction. People tend to forget that the overwhelming majority of people are pretty damn average. I would guarantee most every woman you see would say she's feminist (and a lot of the men you see). But 99.9% of those people don't want to chop your dick off just because you have one. 
School I used to go to had a huge push by some of the feminist professors to not only extend maternity leave, but implement paternity leave as well. 


The place where I just got my new job - the dept head is a self-proclaimed feminist and axed the dress code when she got promoted. The old dress code was men had to wear ties, jackets, all that fun stuff, but women had to "look presentable." She axed all the requirements for men and now everyone just needs to look presentable for clients. No more over-the-top requirements for one sex.


The true goal (imo) of feminism has been slandered by both sides of the argument. Hell, one of the biggest reasons why feminism is so splintered today is because it used to be primarily focused on white, educated women which didn't sit too well with everyone but white, educated women. It really should be about true equality and, especially in the job world, men also face a ton of antiquated shit that a lot of feminists have tried to fight for as well. 



The real problem is that we only see the extremes from both sides. I've attended and worked at almost predominately super-liberal colleges and can honestly say I've never seen or heard of anything remotely close to the stuff you see posted in Men's Rights and TumblerInAction. 
Same. The first few on the second trial are crazy and can catch you off guard. Took me a few tries. Breezed through the third trial though.
Got this amazing swag from /u/Scattered_Castles! Don't think I'll ever want to hit the balls. 


 I have family down in D.C. so I'll definitely have to check out some Muni courses next time I'm down there.


Thank you!

[http://i.imgur.com/Hl8pFtI.jpg](http://i.imgur.com/Hl8pFtI.jpg)
True, but I don't think you'll see that until/if they end the DS line. Once they do away with the dock they are confirming the Switch is primarily a handheld and then it just gets super weird trying to sell the "handheld version" of the Switch while the 3ds exists.
Nah, as /u/VendettaRM said, they usually just start packing more stuff in to make it worth it. The Wii U deluxe dropped in price when they discontinued the Basic White model, but it stayed at $300 for a long time. Instead, they started selling special edition consoles with pack-in games. 


If they do the same thing with the Switch, you'll probably see $300 Switches with something like Pokemon packed in. But I honestly wouldn't expect to see the Switch go below $250 (*maybe* during Black Friday sales). 
Just one of the basics from Amazon:

https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01MY4DIQF/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1
Have the same watch. I just bought a leather NATO strap that looks really nice with it. The blue strap it comes with is just bland imo. Leather strap makes the blue face pop more.
Even though I'm still working on not sucking at golf, his finger/thumb trick (practice your swing with them off the club) is a massive help. Really helps give you more feel. One of my biggest issues is that I was "pinching" which meant I had no idea how each swing would come out. 
Gifted: Eagles golf set (towel, balls, marker)

Received: Nothing. Unfortunately got matched with someone who just wanted free shit. I signed up for this one but I'm worried - based on the comments the last exchange was riddled with people who got nothing.
As someone who has gotten back into the game, a lot of the actual players are TD edgelords as well. It's basically just the shitty areas of 4 chan in a video game.
please bring back easy/hard mode from B2W2. At least then the 2 pokemon might be more challenging.

Edit: Lots of vitriol on this apparently. I know you can artificially make Pokemon harder - I did over 30 different runs on X/Y even going so far as "no evolutions and new teams between gyms." It just doesn't change the fact that trainer AI is primarily made to be stupid and weak. I don't understand the hate - I shouldn't have to dumb myself down that far to have fun. Give us the **option** to unlock better trainer AI. Take the trainer skills from Battle Tree/Tower and post-game battle areas and just expand it to all the trainers. Make it feel like we are actually battling someone who isn't braindead.


For me, it just never got updated. There was the original roster and that was pretty much it. Online wasn't fun because it was the same 4 pokemon every time.


Even worse, they continue to update the arcade version but never threw the console version anything good.
Lmao
>I'm honestly appalled with how the osrs community has reacted to this.

Seriously? I like playing osrs but the community is fucking toxic. Pretty much every cc I go to and obviously /r/2007scape is 4chan-lite and full of edgelords.
I'd be all for it. My wife and I fucking love Pokepark.
I got one that's nearly identical from Goodwill for $9 last year so good find! Is it a Bag Boy? 

I play every few weeks and I've already saved close to $100 in cart fees. Not to mention saving my back from carrying.
Love this subreddit - really helped in Switch hunting. Best of luck to all!
Feeling the same here. I blew up my golf swing because it was terrible and I'm working on better rotation which has been steadily improving - but now I can't hit my driver at all. 150 yards out, 40 yards right. On the other hand, my ball striking with the Heavenwood is very consistent at 190-200. Think I might ditch the driver to actually improve my scores instead of always starting my 2nd shot on the next fairway over.
I take "dead" pics of the special boss monsters (get em as they turn black). Usually as a selfie.
I was sad to see Switch cases were only slightly smaller than Wii U cases. They really should have shrunk 'em down to 3ds-sized cases. Not only is it wasteful but it just takes up more space.
True. I've racked up a few pairs of Nike golf pants and 4 or 5 golf polos (Slazenger, Adidas, Nike) at our nicer Goodwill. I also found two Vokey wedges for $4 each (52 and 54) as well as my stand bag (Callaway Ultralite) for $4 on a half-price Saturday.
The muni course here is $22 for 18 ($15 at twilight) and they do a hell of a job maintaining it. Rough can get pretty high at times but it's usually in great shape. Definitely better than the uni course here that's twice as much. I've played at quite a few places and the muni is better than all but the local CC in my opinion.


Moving to Boston soon and I'm so sad after looking at the fees of courses out there.
Walked 18 holes with my cart for the first time. Shot like shit and stopped keeping score. Ball striking is way better but now I can't aim and it led to real bad approach shots.
I often wonder if I just have bad luck. I've never had a problem buying stuff in-store but online has always been a crapshoot for me.
According to ebay...like $20 a piece at most.

Hell I have that exact same 54 in way better shape and it was $5 at Goodwill.
From my experience, it's just highly inconsistent as far as sizing goes. I've ordered literally the same piece of clothing multiple times and the fit is usually completely different. I bought two polos in Small - one fit perfect, the other fit like a box and had several extra inches in the midsection. Same with dress shirts. I've ordered the same pair of pants in sz. 31 and yet one fits and one is too tight. I just don't trust ordering online because I never know what I'm getting.
Yeah, people like to think Amiibo's were redhot from the get-go, but I definitely just strolled into Target and bought a Villager a couple weeks after they came out. It wasn't until people noticed no restocks after a month that scalpers went crazy.
Yeah but tbf, most of the comments are just posters telling everyone to avoid the "sale" because it's still overvalued.


Real talk though: I also think it's more about the women's clothing that's caused this. I definitely think J Crew is still a good choice for men's clothing (except the Factory stuff is inconsistent shit).
Just as another reminder for those who are still missing this key information - be sure to watch istocknow and sign up for alerts throug nowinstock. istocknow can at least give you a general idea (so you can call ahead) and nowinstock is great for snagging online sales. 


Tip for nowinstock - sign up for text *and* email. We got ours a few weeks ago and got the nowinstock text 10-15 minutes before we got the email. /r/nintendoswitchdeals tends to be on top of restocks as well.
Yeah I don't know what he's talking about. 


Fuck the Texans!^(I wouldn't mind the Titans or Jags though.)
https://www.jcrew.com/p/E8592?color_name=white-gum

https://www.jcrew.com/p/F5312


https://www.jcrew.com/p/A6791?color_name=white-white-navy



Personally I think the gumsole is stupid af but those NB are almost the exact same thing but NB.
Which is one reason why I don't like U to Switch comparisons. The U came out with a boatload of 3rd party games but shit for unique titles. So come holiday season...do you buy the console with a ton of 3rd party games and nothing unique, or do you buy the Xbox or PS that has the same 3rd party games but with unique titles as well? People really overlook how much 3rd party the U actually had at release. In hindsight, it was a terrible idea.


The Switch is (hopefully) doing 3rd party right this time. Sell the consoles with unique titles and then let the 3rd party games release at the same time as other consoles. Come the holiday season...the Switch should have 3rd party games but will compete with the PS4 for must-have unique titles.
And a lot of fanboys will still buy it even if they had it for the U. When gamestop was doing their extra 50% credit we were able to trade-in MK8 for somewhere around $50. $10 to upgrade to MK8D isn't a bad deal.
I mean, it'd make sense...

"Now that I've got my fancy console...I should pick up one of the definitive multiplayer games as well"


Otherwise, the risk is that someone buys the console but then a) does't buy MK8 at release or b) buys it somewhere else a few days later.
This would be the perfect "on the go" campy game. 
People hated it with a passion. SS is one of my favorite LoZ titles but I know very few people who enjoyed the motion controls.
Holy crap I originally bought this one from Callaway pre-owned (shaft broke like a week later...) and it was louuuud. Sounded like I was taking an aluminum bat to it.
ugh...coasting and losing the 16-0 drained that team.
Idk, for me at least I can't get rotation so I have to do something similar to the above or else I stand no chance of getting a good swing.
lol because edgy 12 year olds became loser 20-somethings and never grew up.


I also think a lot of the stupid shit happened out of game on forums and clan sites and those don't seem to be a thing anymore.
Try "SAVE10" - just bought one and it worked.
I just bought one using "SAVE10" and it worked.
If those pullovers on RBG were anything but White/Orange(or Peach based on reviews) for that price I'd buy every color
Hey me too! I was with them through a lot of stuff. When I quit I think I was in their other offshoot...Clan Afro or something.


When I quit in like 08 or something I had been in Phobia, FEAR, Adelais, and then Afro
Damn those are names I haven't heard in so long. I was FEAR for like a year in 06-07. Sometimes I miss all the shitposting on the forums between clans. 
Reminder to shop your Goodwills if you really don't care about the bells and whistles. Last year I found a 2 wheel Bagboy that folds up (fits in car easily) and has removable wheels. Cost $8. In just a few rounds at my local course where they charge for cart, I saved at least $70 and got to exercise. 
Same! Snagged a refurb from Amazon over 2 years ago and it's still great! Use it as my backup or when I want to go really light (the Dell 13 is great but still more hefty than the c720).
>check your extensions

Even my Dell 13 started being really sluggish and it turns out some random extensions I had went powerhungry and just started using way more memory and then crashing.
It doesn't and I hate when people say that shit. Ask Brock how "Super Bowl Champion" blood helps. It doesn't give enough credit to the fact it's really just "the Patriots are good at making a player good."
Nah, it's just Luck defenders. Some Colts fans can't handle anything that might resemble criticism of Luck even if the whole point of this comment chain is that everything around Luck is what sucks.
Everyone should register - it's the cool thing to do. 

My dad passed away from complications with his 2nd liver transplant, but got over 10 years added to his life because of the 1st liver transplant. He had a disease similar to Walter Payton's. Being an organ donor really is one of the easiest things you can do and is so incredibly beneficial.
True that. My dad collected WWII guns and the Mosin Nagant (Soviet WWII rifle) was almost amazingly simple in design compared to say, American M1 Garands, but so durable.
This is really something you could search /r/photography for as well, but RAW is always better than JPEG because RAW retains more data than JPEG. I'm not a huge expert in this, but JPEG sooc means that it's been edited in-camera. Under perfect conditions, you may not notice a huge difference. But you can tweak a lot more from a RAW image than you can a JPEG because there is a lot more data that can be recovered. 


Example I found from an old /r/photography post that kinda gives you an idea: https://imgur.com/iOVfy79 

You can easily see how there are still some blown out highlights on the edited JPEG compared to the RAW.


I also don't know if Polarr still does this, but at one point it had limitations to RAW editing. If your Chromebook didn't have enough processing power it'd convert to JPEG/PNG from the get-go. Polarr is very similar to lightroom and should give you similar results as well. 
It's definitely more popular in Japan but it gets consistent sales in NoA at least. In Japan though Monster Hunter sells like crazy. MH4U had about 700,000 copies in NoA, 500,000 in Europe, but 2.6 miliion in Japan.
Bandos vestments + BGS? m8
Access to wearable armor that is easily recolored? I'd sure as shit have a 2 def character. deck out in Bandos gear and show that lil bugeye'd goblin who's really the great leader.
Agreed. After coming back after 10 years and leveling slayer, it's annoying af that I have to wiki every monster to see where I need to go. It's awkward and stupid a slayer master can't just point me in the right direction(s).
Chiming in with my experience - my wife is finishing her PhD and we've known when we're moving for years now. My boss has known I was leaving for almost 2 years now and not only has she been a great reference, she sends me job listings and everything.


It really is all about the place you work. Every manager where I work knows I'm leaving and all of them have been supportive about helping me find a new job.
If you were using nowinstock that's why. I got a text alert that it was up and *10* minutes later I finally got an email notification. Their email notifications are a joke for quick-moving products.
That'd be me. We snagged the SE after it was announced but weren't able to get a Switch preorder. Then we took advantage of Gamestop's bonus trade-in on Switch games (ended up being the same to trade-in Wii U games as it would be to sell them) and bought 1-2, bomberman, and preordered MK8. Now we can't find the console anywhere. 
Throwing in my two cents. My Gamestop *still* shows Switches in stock on iswitch but when I went in yesterday at 6 PM I was told they had already received their Switch shipment that afternoon and they had all been sold. so, like usual, definite YMMV on gamestop stuff.
If it's like mine, it's sold already. I went to my Gamestop 2 hours after it showed up on istock and they had sold all of them already.
That's what it was earlier this month which is crap. You can still sell those for $150 easy on ebay/amazon.
It took me a while to get it working. When you do the normal sudo apt-get java or whatever, it installs a java that doesn't play nice with OSRS client or OSBuddy. If you're using OSbuddy, which I would recommend for quality of life, it's important you download the "cross-platform" client which is a .jar. 

[Follow this guide after downloading the OSBuddy client](https://www.reddit.com/r/2007scape/comments/3cxmsz/osbuddy_java_for_linux/ct0f1v0/)


.exe stuff won't work. I'm trying to remember how I got the actual OSRS client but I can't right now. I'd recommend OSBuddy anyway unless you're using a lower-end CB.


Also, check out HikariKnight's github page for a way to install the client - https://github.com/HikariKnight/rsu-client
Natively. The OSRS client works great - you just have to do make sure you have the correct Java installed (the crouton guide I usually use had me install a Java that wouldn't work). 
Old school RuneScape yo


Edit: I was also able to get WoW running on my chromebox but that was 2 years ago. Crouton > Wine > lot of cursing and glitching > WoW on easy settings @ 30 FPS.


Other than that I typically just use the ChromeOS side. I might start messing with DarkTable for photo editing.
You'd probably be surprised how many people have heard gunshots. It also depends on whether you live in a city or not. I, and everyone I know, has heard gunshots before because we grew up in a country town. On numerous occasions I'd hear gunshots near our house because we lived on a country road on the edge of town and idiots around there thought an open field meant it could be a good firing range.


Oddly enough, my in-laws live in a really nice development near Louisville and hear gunshots all the time from people who live just outside the development.


Definitely a difference between city and country gunfire though. I agree it's definitely rare if you're from a city.
Eh, same boat here. We have this, Bomberman, 1-2, and preordered MK but can't find Switch anywhere.
fucking shit
Same boat. Have BotW:SE, 1-2, and Bomberman. Just need the darn console.
Excessive grinding on the higher adventure maps and the crazy FPS drops in multiplayer kinda killed it for me. No, I don't want to grind out 100 levels with Agatha just to beat 1 map.
Oh good call - forgot that part as well! Thanks!
I'm up to Mourning's End so Iban's is usable. Forgot about that one!

I'll def have to check the calc out. I think Karil was one of my biggest question marks as well.


Thanks for the advice! Might have to give it a go later tonight.
So...low level question then (72 cmb). anything special if you're a lower level? I'm 60att, 62str, 45def, 63range, 55mage, 43pray. Should I grind to 70 range to make Ahrim easier and for the black d'hide? 


I'm poor af so I'd be working with some lower-end armor. Probs d-hide/rune, d scim, rune cbow, slayer dart. Would be void armor be worth it at lower levels?


I lived at barrows 10 years ago and want to jump back into it. Seems like it'd be a good challenge right now.

Edit: Update! I got bored and went for it. Surprisingly easy but with some heavy prayer usage. I'm using about 12-13 doses of ppot a go and only 2-3 food. Should be able to do 3 runs an inventory. Might be tight with prayer pot. Def no point in using melee in the tunnels - takes way too long. Tear through the skellies quickly with iban.
Just as more anecdotal evidence, most of the stuff I've bought from J Crew outlet was garbage. Buttons popped off pants that fit perfectly, buttons falling off shirts after just a few months, and sizing differences on the exact same clothes. Meanwhile, my Haggar pants and dress shirts from Target (RIP slim fits) are going strong after 3 years.


I did buy a suit from CK Outlet on the cheap and it's been great. No wear, tears or anything after a few years of wear.
Taxes are confusing but this is why Post-9/11s get a 1098T. Otherwise, students would get a 1098T which would only have tuition/fee costs and nothing else and then a student could claim tuition/fee costs as a deduction. In reality, the student isn't paying those costs because the VA payment to the school is only for educational expenses (tuition/fees). The student isn't being taxed on the VA's tuition/fee payment, but can't also claim to have paid for tuition/fees.
DLC is worth it, but it's definitely bullshit if it's just "less hearts, more damage" since that's been in the last few games as part of the core game.
I think it can be attributed to a systemic issue in rural or less educated areas though. My school district is in a rural area and we were taught abstinence was the only form of safe sex. We were also told condoms are only 10% effective at preventing pregnancy (I still remember vividly because my dad was pissed when I told him that). It wasn't until high school (where 5 of my classmates were already pregnant) that our health class taught safe sex.


Some kids literally grow up and learn nothing about sex beyond it's bad. But horny kids will screw and if they are told sex is bad and birth control doesn't work, why use it?

I also have a cousin like that who was raised in a deeply religious area. She just found out she's pregnant with the 2nd (she also relies on government assistance) from the 2nd father. Her words on why she doesn't make dudes use condoms? "If God didn't want me to have a child then I wouldn't get pregnant."

Edit: As /u/Hans_Brickface pointed out, I definitely don't think this is the only issue. I know a lot of people who are just purely irresponsible. The issue sadly goes beyond one problem.
Yeah, my in-laws are super traditional people as in, kids were raised to become housewives, have 2 kids, and be conservative.  My wife legitimately thinks she will be disowned when she tells em we want to be DINKs. It's still a huge stigma in more conservative areas to not want kids.
a.k.a. best weird camera ever
We've been scanning it but it seems like it's definitely following the normal cycle as there's not much.
That seems like a really good idea! Any idea on how it stands crime-wise? One of our biggest concerns is crime in the neighborhood as my wife will likely be working late most nights. Would like somewhere where she won't feel freaked out at every corner.
For Trump, yes it is "oddly" quiet. He's not exactly known to hold back from his [tweeting](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2017/02/02/donald-trump-often-tweets-about-terror-and-violence-but-he-ignored-an-attack-on-muslims-in-quebec-city/?utm_term=.a7e75ec37773) when a terrorist attack occurs.
I mean...I'm pretty sure ~~Trump's administration ran with it being an Islamic terrorist.~~ All the right wing subreddits at least were spamming it was an Islamic guy from Morocco. 


Edit: Yes, I was incorrect. Trump has been oddly quiet about Quebec. However, Spicer did allude that the Quebec shooting was justification for the [travel ban](https://www.thestar.com/news/world/2017/01/30/the-white-house-just-cited-the-quebec-mosque-attack-to-justify-trumps-policies.html). 
Good luck! The only ones I see at DSW are the weird-patterned ones and even then they're only 30-40% off.
No shit, especially when you can go to places like Old Navy and Target and get the exact same thing for like 10 bucks.
If nothing else, it's an amazingly useful tool for Project Fi (whether or not it's for you). $1 is a good way to chip a little bit towards supporting helpful apps. 

With the free version, you can copy the Dialer code and force a switch. With the Pro version it'll do it for you (so you save like...10 seconds). 
For me, Project Fi likes to throw me on Sprint where I work even though it's garbage. However, TMobile's LTE works perfectly. Since, for whatever reason, it doesn't like putting me on Tmobile's network I use Signal Spy to force a switch to T Mobile.


Plus, I like being able to see which network I'm currently on. Just helps in case I notice a crappier network in some areas.
Honestly, I'm in the same boat at this point. I know Pence is staunchly anti-gay but those rights are going to be stripped anyway with Trump in office. Same with all of his crazy Christian views. They're all going to happen anyway. But with Trump, you get all that crazy shit along with the chaos that he wants to cause globally. 
If you're okay with kit lenses, https://www.bhphotovideo.com/c/product/801516027-USE/pentax_13218_k_s2_dslr_camera_with.html is a pretty good deal.

They also have a black option with just the 18-50 for $450.

*Edit: Obviously if you're okay with used as well.



Interesting. Personally, I'd be comfortable buying the Ks1/2 still. The survey had a tiny sample size for Ks1 and Ks2 cameras and no reported issues for the KS1. The KS2 only had 3 which you could argue were just the reject cameras of the bunch.

I do agree with their findings that an extended warranty would be helpful. Probably a smart thing to do with any new camera purchase.
afaik, only the K50 has aperture problems. I'd say if you're in the market for a pentax and those are your choices the KS2 would be best. I'd have a hard time finding anything that makes the K50 worth it when compared to the KS2 (except for the price).  Depending on how much you're looking to spend, the K70 would be a good choice as well.
Kinda weird to see the early stuff talk about how it was meant to be smaller (like HDMI being removed for size sakes) but it's bigger than the K70?

Maybe it's because I'm not super into photography, but I don't see where this fits when it seems like ISO is the only big step-up from the K70. Is that worth the higher price?
I'll check tonight on my Dell CB13. I'm wondering if we have to wait for a OS update though. 

Reporting back. Either I'm too stupid to do it or you can't. I used http://lifehacker.com/how-to-download-netflix-movies-to-your-sd-card-and-save-1789766885 as a way to find the actual video files and I was able to go from Solid Explorer > G Drive > Card but you need an internet connection to go through G Drive and you'd need it to go back again. I couldn't make it work where you can move files w/o an internet connection as it wouldn't let me paste to offline G Drive. So maybe...you could go through those steps to get to the card and then use them to get back to Netflix but since you need an internet connection it kinda defeats the purpose because you can just wait til you have internet to download what you want to watch directly from Netflix and delete when you're done.
As the "out there" idea, maybe a backpack with multiple compartments like a camera bag? Something like [this](https://www.amazon.com/YAAGLE-Multi-functional-Anti-shock-Professional-Photography/dp/B017SBFIJ6/ref=sr_1_71?s=photo&ie=UTF8&qid=1485283158&sr=1-71&keywords=camera+bag) where you can store the stinky stuff in the bottom part after taking out the removable dividers. Not necessarily that bag though - there's probably better ones out there.

Hiking bag might work but those tend to be fairly hefty.
I think chinos/slacks are the go-to until you see what the environment is like. /u/gh057 covers the "safe" clothing that would be okay at 99% of biz casual places but obviously everywhere is different. Where I work, no one bats an eye if I wear boat shoes but I'd get lectured if I even though about wearing any kind of jeans.
Had my order filled. Don't think I'll ever again get such an amazing coat for only $35. thanks /r/frugalmalefashion

Half the time I see these amazing deals show up I just assume the risk that my shit will get cancelled on me and order away. I'd bet the 80% is way off as well. Just like everything in life, the people who don't get their way bitch more. 
Only thing stopping me. My wife loves all things Zelda so the SE is must-have gift for me to get. We'll end up getting the Switch anyway - might as well do it for that sweet SE. 
I can help (hopefully)! I'm 5'10" 165 lb and ordered a small and it's pretty much perfect. The sleeve is perfect and the length hits right at the bottom of the tush. Chest is perfect - not too tight that you can't wear several layers but you're not swimming in the jacket. Rarely does shit fit me well but I seriously would say the Small is a perfect fit.
Definitely. Very rarely are they actually cheating but when you're the team that finds the loopholes and pushes the limits of the rules, it just has to be expected that punishments will be harsher. Making an example and all that. It's not fair but I'd bet they know that anytime a questionable decision is made.
Found Zenni a few months ago and bought some awesome frames with high-index (I'm -6.0 in each eye) for $50 total. The same index lenses and similar-looking frames from my eye doctor would be at least $175. Mine also have the blue light filter.

Just bought two more pairs for $60 total. I love it.
I managed to score BoTW:SE the morning after but really didn't think the Switch preorders would go so fast. So now I'll have all this cool Zelda stuff with nothing to play it on.
Same! I had emailed them last week and never heard anything back. Did not expect to get a tracking number this morning. I also ordered the black w3x (small) parka around the same time as you.
That's actually really cool. Like, I'm a Thane everywhere and I'm probably the wealthiest person in the land with the most resources - why can't I help contribute to the cities? If nothing else, the ability to help build up the armory would be cool.
Found a pair of Clark's Bushacre Hi's at a DSW clearance rack for like $40. It looked like they had been rained on. Super basic, good-lookin boots that cleaned up really nice that I wear nearly every day. [These bad boys](http://s7d2.scene7.com/is/image/DSWShoes/339788_254_ss_01?scl=3.125&qlt=70&fmt=jpeg&wid=480&hei=359&op_sharpen=1)


Also in Indiana and it's been really convenient. I prefer to book through course sites so it's nice that most of the courses around me have "hot deals" built in to their own website.
I think the easily expandable storage is why I don't have much of a problem with storage. Not to mention some Chromebooks (less and less it seems) have expandable internal storage. I think that needs to be a standard or else the "good" Chromebooks should have the option to increase physical storage space. 


With so much being cloud based now, I have a Chromebox I don't use much anymore that has 128 GB internal storage and it's just my storage space. Makes it easy if I need to powerwash my Chromebook to just throw everything over to the box.
It's in the Chrome://Flags (i think that's how it's typed) which are "experimental" things. I haven't gotten it to work with my Lexmark printer sadly.
It's like you forgot about the garbage that was the 2000's NFCW. Below is a couple years outdated, but the NFCW was by far the crappiest division in the NFL.

http://www.footballoutsiders.com/stat-analysis/2014/nfl-division-strength-2002-2013

As the last graph shows, from 2002-2013, against non-division teams the NFCW and NFCN were worse than the AFCS.
This is probably the best comparison. He took a team that arguably has been mediocre since 2000 and made em .500. Is it great? No, but it's been two years. Two years isn't shit and this turnover is what keeps shitty teams shitty.


The Cowboys are a better franchise and stuck with Garrett going .500 for 3 years. Then they get a playoff berth and (after Romo died last year) are high on the list of SB contenders this year.

Similar issues here but on the other end. I could pull photos off my SD Card but I couldn't get them to export onto anything other than the file system that doesn't exist on a Chromebook. I'm sure there's a way to make it work but it's annoying.
Yeah but then we would have nothing to look forward to. 
Dell cb13
Not to mention you get a new XL at multiple places for $175 during the holidays. I understand some people prefer the smaller size but it's ridiculous they're charging nearly the same price.
Could always find any normal bag you like and then buy a small camera insert. I use the medium-sized Ape Case and it fits my K-50 with 2-3 lenses. I can just drop it in whichever bag I want to use that day. Think the smaller inserts usually run around $10.
Pretty much. I've used all kinds of putters to find what I like and I keep going back to my crappy "Confidence" putter ([this one](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Confidence-Z-Platinum-Putter-CLEAR/dp/B001NIIM9E)). Bad at short putts, but I've been amazing myself (and everyone I play with) at the 15+ foot putts I've hit with this. 
¯\\_(ツ)_/¯ Things are real bad in the 20's?
No kidding. Shit, my DSW had black chucks on clearance for 20 bucks last time I went.
Is that one of those Arnold Palmer bags? I think I have the exact same one sitting in a closet...
I know it doesn't count towards the sale but am I crazy in thinking that this looks pretty slick? http://oldnavy.gap.com/browse/product.do?cid=5286&vid=1&pid=430690002
Definitely agree. I've never seen a retailer actually jack up the MSRP. With the somewhat shady pricing of places like JCF they'd be stupid to actually increase the MSRP. Much easier for the "usual" price to just disappear during big sales and instead take the discount from the MSRP. 

You *could* argue about price changing for Clearance items but again it's more just shady pricing. Those pants are still on clearance even though they upped the price by $10 to effectively negate the coupon code discount.
Just watch J Crew Factory for a few days. That's usually all it takes for you to see the price fibbing. It's also why you'll see people here talk about the golden hours of 12:00 - 3:00 am on J crew factory sales. It's the time where they'll have "40% off" their usual prices. After that, they "jack up" the prices a.k.a. the just move the prices back to the original MSRP and then take 40% off. 


Almost all stores do something like this if you look. You very rarely see things being sold at the original MSRP - everything is on sale or "20% off today only!" (except it's always 20% off). Then for those huge 50% sales, you get confused because it's definitely not 50% off the price you always see.
This is pretty common from what I've seen. Off the top of my head Old Navy/Gap are like this as well. Stuff is almost always 20-30% off the daily MSRP so those big "50% OFF EVERYTHING" sales is off the MSRP, not the price you usually see a.k.a. that sweater you could have bought yesterday for $25 is still $22 today even though it's 50% off and there were no "sales" yesterday. 
No kidding. Everything (except for the Haggar pants) I've gotten from Target is garbage. Dress shirts have buttons pop off after a couple wears, sleeves stretch out after just a few weeks on my sweaters, and I've had entire armpits/sleeves rip out on more than one dress shirt because apparently I lifted my arms too high.

It's not even a sizing issue because most of the stuff is still loose/baggy 90% of the time.
Pokemon will never be "hard" but it's definitely more difficult than X/Y were. If you turn exp share off you'll pretty consistently be behind trainers on levels. 
Basically good layer sweaters. I like wearing them over my dress shirts when it's freezing in the office.

Honestly, I have a ton of clothes from Old Navy, Target, and JCF and the Old Navy stuff holds up way longer and is almost always cheaper. The only problem with Old Navy sweaters is that the sleeve opening will wear (open up) pretty quickly if you frequently wear dress shirts underneath.
No kidding. I've paid $60 for a ton of games that provides much less play time. I'm still getting through a lot of content and post-game stuff and I'm 70 hours in. Easily worth the $40 (not to mention the 10+ playthroughs I'll have). 
Lolol "it looks like a giant air conditioner from the outside"

lol yes. It really should be 48-3.
Can 2nd Polarr although it is pretty extensive. Pixlr might be a good choice also. 

Polarr is similar to Lightroom and Pixlr is more like Photoshop. 
So sad. I'm pretty sure mine was delivered but the mailbox decided today was a good day to break and now I can't access any packages...such is life.
While support is definitely growing, it's still got some vocal opponents. Rural Indiana for instance - my hometown still has anti-marijuana shit all the time. Unfortunately politicians still side with the vocal minority . Like how indiana polls show people are in strong support of medical marijuana but the legislature blocks the hell out of anything pro-marijuana.
And even though it's been so long, you have to wonder if it's still somewhat the Bobby Knight effect. The last thing they probably want is another public shitshow of keeping an asshole coach.
sigh...same. I really like it but it's just so boring once you learn a character. Once you beat the campaign all you can do is fight the same 5 pokemon online. It's really a shame they didn't add any new characters. 
Fuck that game. :(


The division would look much better if the Colts didn't blow that game.
I'm on the dev channel for my dell and can report no issues so far if that makes you feel any better. Haven't found a whole lot of uses for android apps yet though.
Aw man, didn't know that. I have the 1st Band and really like it despite the awkward design. It's really useful for fitness activities. 
On dev channel - battery is at 82% with 12:36 remaining.
That's my thought. Don't throw a wrench into a good thing. If they lose a game under Dak then go for it. But if Romo was thrown back in as the starter and they lost his first game back? He'd be crucified.
It really blows my mind.

Who knew there was someone worse than Hoyer, Yates, Mallett, Weeden, Fitz, and Keenum. I'm pretty sure Hopkins still played like Hopkins with all of those QBs. It really does kinda shine a light on Brock's skill. All those shit-tier QBs still did okay by just throwing the ball towards Hopkins.
/u/Breaking_80 how's the weather? And anything else going on today?
Meh, AFCN statistically is the worst with a .338 win %. AFCS is .469. NFCN is .444. 


So, 3rd worst! Party!


Even if you remove the Browns and Jags, AFCS is at .517 and AFCN is down around .464.
I'd love to see a breakdown of how much is USA-made on different vehicles. Iirc, it's a Toyota vehicle that's the most "American-made" from start to finish.

Edit: Guess I could google: https://www.cars.com/articles/the-2016-carscom-american-made-index-1420684865874/
Aren't a lot of Toyota and Honda vehicles made in the US though?
You have to check with the cc who will have transfer guides. I work for a cc and we just had like 15 degree programs approved where all credits are guaranteed to transfer to any public school in our State.
Add bacon: http://www.food.com/recipe/chicken-alfredo-with-crispy-bacon-paula-deen-471814#activity-feed


It'll make your week happy again.
Idk, the guy at the desk (blanking on his name) basically jumped back on the Bernie train once they saw the rust belt results roll in.


Wolf was gonna have a heart attack.
Nice! How you you like that lens? I'm looking for something in that area and it seems be a really good value.
I hate the Pats but love watchin Blount when he goes truckin
I feel like Blount doesn't get enough credit. He's an absolute wrecking machine. Everyone's all about Lewis coming back (rightfully so) and I just wanna see more Blount-truckin.
That's my hope. Trump rolls with someone moderate. There will still be social regression but hopefully not as widespread as people fear. It'll be interesting to see if a GOP Congress approves a moderate justice.
Maybe that's it - because this movie has one of my favorite soundtracks of all time. Bluegrass/folky music can be really grating to people.
Right, for now. Unfortunately the GOP's platform is to elect a Supreme Court justice who will work to overturn those precedents. That's why it's very much up in the air on what Trump actually does.
Right. He's going to protect LGBT rights even though he picked a VP who's major position is being staunchly anti-LGBT. Not to mention one of the GOP's major platforms is undoing a lot of the progress for LGBT rights.

Maybe he'll actually care. Waving a flag at a rally doesn't exactly scream confidence in me that he's going to ignore his VP and the GOP Congress on those issues.
Eh...I saw several Confederate flags flying in Bloomington today. The bumpkins are coming out of the woodworks already.
Throw my hat in for this as well. I used to be able to play my n3dsxl for maybe an hour before my wrists cramped up. Now I can play until my thumb starts cramping for playing so many hours. :)
Apparently the Colts' run blocking is middle of the pack which lifts up our shit-tier pass blocking.
Don't worry. If this is Black Friday only, everyone who's posted about getting one in the States is fucked too. Like most things, every store will probably get 10 or so and they'll be the first things gone.
tbf, the AFCS plays the AFCW this year so I feel your :(
Thankfully the Bears may not see 3 wins so nothing to worry about.
Nice deal for new. Just as an extra deal on these, if you're okay with refurbs, they've been popping up on Acer's site frequently for $199. 
I struggled with this same thought. I have the c720 (and honestly, if you are looking for a cheap chromebook, I argue it's still the best choice). I was looking to upgrade and every "best" Chromebook had a compromise. The Acer CB14 is sexy and sleek, but no SD slot. The Dell CB13 is top-of-the-line minus a USB-C. The Acer R11/13 look to be the best bang but have suspicious octane/performance scores.

Thankfully Dell had the outlet sale (which again, to your point about refurbs being a complete PITA to land) and I snagged the Dell 13. I've gone 2 years with the c720 and I want a "bells and whistles" chromebook which is the Dell's niche. For me, I've just outgrown my c720. It struggles with streaming HD and is starting to get snagged a lot. I would argue for the average "I only look at Facebook/Instagram" that any $100 chromebook would work.
On the flip side, I had a shit experience for my wedding. Person questioned every single decision I made about the tuxes, repeatedly said "are you sure your fiance shouldn't be here", called my wife to explain all the choices I had made *to be sure the choices were okay*, and called her again when the tuxes were ready but never called me once. I got treated like a fucking child throughout the whole thing. On the second call my wife finally told them she doesn't care and they need to talk to me.

Worst part, I literally just picked a tux with no vest and that sent the employee into this nonsense attitude
I jumped on the Celeron with 4GB for right around $180 out the door. Discount is down to 25%.

Still crazy for a Celeron. FHD, backlit keyboard, and 4 GB for under $200.
I'm in the same boat but idk if I can go back to Windows. I have a Dell laptop with an i5 and 6 gb of RAM and it still takes soo long to boot and is very sluggish all around. 


Until this year, I had a higher end Surface Pro 3 and had the same problems. Nothing was as snappy as the Chromebook.
Same. Seems like just in the last couple weeks mine has really pooped the bed. I used to be able to stream videos to my TV through HDMI while also browsing reddit/facebook but now it freezes up after a few minutes. 
Do you know how often they have those up? Right now I only see the 11. The 13 is pretty much my perfect laptop but I can't justify the cost of buying it new.
To add to this, if you're going for super good then reduce the amount of water and replace it with heavy cream. Or grind up cashews into a flour and add that to thicken it a bit. You could also probably add some yogurt towards the end.


I also make this at least every other week so I've screwed with different ways to change up the flavor.
I had this problem. I did the Pokemon exchange last year and the guy I got matched up with literally said "all I want is a new 3ds." Said he didn't like plushes, the card game, and didn't like accessories and that he had all the old games.


The fuck am I supposed to do with that?
When I played I drove my wife crazy during my bashin days. I'd run up to stuff yelling BAM as I shield bashed them to death.
Same. Own around 20 titles and still play it every day. Love coming back to Hyrule Warriors - I think the grindiness turned people off. 
I'll take solace that the Colts at least have a less shitty differential than the Texans ^Hah ^take ^that 
Went hiking at the nearby State Park and took the K-50. Haven't been taking pictures in a long while so I wanted to get back into it. Pretty happy with this as handheld picture with no PP. https://flic.kr/p/MPbdcM

Except everyone hates the poor 5x. :(
I'm starting to lean towards just jumping on the Flip. The 720 is taking a beating and all of the new stuff has compromises. 

That USB-C is so tempting though
These are huge points for cats.


When we adopted our first cat, she hid for at least 2 days straight.  We did nothing more than clean the litter box and put food out and just let her do her thing. One night she just magically walked into the living room, jumped on the couch, and fell asleep on my lap. Been a little goober ever since.


When we got a second cat (a male), we put him in his own room for a few days and didn't let them interact. Then for a few days we left a gate up and cracked the door slightly. The amount of hissing and meowing...Two weeks in they were already best friends. 


Cats are very independent and incredibly territorial. They need time to adjust to new places and new animals. Just gotta let them do their thing when you first get one and let them decide when they're ready to be your cat.
No kidding. F-i-L is a Boston sports fan and I don't even try anymore. 

"The Pats are doing pretty well this year!"

"Yeah but did you see how much everyone hates us still?"


I think Boston fans get off on everyone hating their teams.
Probably not. Iirc, they went 5-11 in 2011 and Colts went 2-14. It had more to do with the Jags could've thrown the game so that the Rams got the first pick instead of the Colts.
And they won't get Google apps. Look at Windows Mobile - at times you could argue Google actively worked to stop app development to stifle competition. (See: Google buying Softcard and almost immediately ending support for Windows). Good luck with things like Google Photo or Drive.


Adding to your point, think must have apps like Snapchat will waste time and resources to make a Samsung app? Microsoft can't even get them to allow third party access.
I guess if they were going to include him in the games though the Orange League doesn't exactly exist.
But...Ash isn't a champ.
Oh my god. gotta go fire up my nba on nbc game for snes.
Or maybe, just maybe, they were testing out the push notification system to make sure it was working. 



It's all moot anyway since they did send out push notifications for this event.
The Colts like using Moncrief and TEs in the Redzone. It may impact Doyle's redzone chances to have the extra target in there.
Meh, I'm considering it for some weeks. I have DT, Sanders, Hopkins, and Snead. Snead is feast/famine, Hopkins ain't doing anything with that QB, and Denver WR's are still hit/miss. Moncrief would be a better play than Snead in most standard leagues. If Denver runs into a tough opponent, Moncrief would be lookin good.


Edit to add - healthy Moncrief is fully capable of 50+ yds even on tough weeks and has always been the redzone target along with the TEs. With how streaky a lot of WRs have been and if Moncrief comes back healthy, he'll be a good safe play for those needing a decent floor.
Yeah, this bullshit is cracking me up. There was a thread with like 500 comments shitting on Niantic for daring to send push notifications. Now we're mad because they didn't send them? I can't keep it straight.
I guess orange/brown is more colorful than green/grey?
Truth. It'd be interesting to see how many people who bought a N3ds(xl) also had an old system and how many chargers they had. My wife and I had 5 chargers already between us. I'm totally okay believing Nintendo did it as a way to reduce margins/costs.
I'm jealous. It seems to default to Sprint here when I get to the edge of town. Problem is, Sprint is very spotty on the edge of town and T-Mobile is not.
Same boat. Sprint sucks yet it always wants to stick me on Sprint's network. Firstworldproblem is I have to open an app and wait 15-20 seconds for my phone switch to T-Mobile.
True that. Not including fees, I can get 4GB on Verizon with 2 lines for just a few dollars more than I could get the same thing on Fi. Yet if I did only 1 phone line on Verizon it's like $30 more compared to 1 line on Fi.


I really wish Fi would have been a little bit better about the family plan pricing.
Yup. I'd argue he also had very little to do with their wins this year (especially against the Colts). The defense and Miller are the only reason the Texans have won games. Against the Colts, Brock was shit up until the last couple drives but if it wasn't for Miller they would have never been in a position to win anyway.
Pretty much. I see a lot of people use this as a knock against Luck but if anything it only strengthens bold opinions like the OP's. He has to deal with a shit line and shit playcalling and *still* makes it work.


I do think it's changing though. There were a lot more short passes this week. I think one problem is we don't have a killer pass-catching back like we used to have with Bradshaw. If the TE's don't get open Luck doesn't have that release valve.
They're talking about the usual contenders. The NFCE has barely gotten past the Wild Card round the last 5-6 years. I don't think there's been a consistent deep playoff team from the NFCE since McNabb's Eagles. 


That said, this is a prime year for an NFCE team to make a run.
Yeah. With Allen out I'd argue Doyle is close to top 5. The Colts are set up to feed TEs. Even against good D's I would bet Doyle gets 50+ yards and he'll be the go-to option in the redzone. Once Allen comes back I could see him falling back to earth.
I'm in. Looking forward to it!
Sneaky bastards
I think the AFCS is a total wildcard. Unless the Lobster gets it together I could definitely see someone else sneak in and steal it.
Lotta Colts. I'm guessing because of the last game. 


I think the London games are awesome. I only see 1 Giant and 0 Rams.
8 team standard


Blount or Coleman
Same! Lost Lacy but gained Gilly, Jizzrod, and Ware. Now I have too many good RBs...confused.
Thanks. That's pretty much been my thought. I know Hopkins and DT can both be studs but they're held back by lackluster QB play. Hoping the Lobster can turn the corner this week.
8 team standard - need 2:

Snead @ KC

Edelman @ Pitt

Sanders vs Hou

Hopkins @ Den

DT vs Hou


I'm leaning Snead due to the potential for a high scoring game, but  I'm bad about trusting the Denver receivers right now.
Which is hilarious because just yesterday I saw NFCS fans jerking that at least they weren't as bad as the AFCS.
True. I'm pretty sure in B2W2 in the tower/tree you run into someone with a Latios.

Just double checked...all the bosses from floor 8-10 have legendaries. 
Same. If they can crank out the same battery life as the 3dsXL I'd be happy. If we're talking Wii U gamepad battery (which is maybe a few hours of usage) then we've got a problem.


I'm hoping that since they're folding all their consoles into one they know that battery is the #1 priority. We know the specs will at least be good enough for relatively new games and I can deal with something not quite perfect as long as I can play on the go for 10 hours.
Shh...we're back to hating Nintendo.


Breaking the circlejerk, we have a Wii with 20+ games, a Wii U with 20+ games, and in total we have 7 controllers (4 Wiimotes, 2 Pro Controllers, and the gamepad) and have had 0 compatibility issues. For the Wii U you can get by with just the gamepad.
I'm sure they'll have generic attachments that are just controllers - kind of like the Pro Controller now (which we saw) and maybe a Classic Controller attachment (although I hope they just have the original controllers work with old stuff). I wouldn't be surprised to see special edition skinned attachments for Mario/Pokemon/Zelda which is pretty typical for all the consoles.


I would guarantee that if they did have "special" attachments - they would be widely used on numerous games. Very much doubt we'll see anything like the posted picture though - those are super gimmicky.
Which they most likely will since they do that already with the Wii and Wii U controllers (there's dozens of different skinned Wiimotes which is cool). Of course people will bitch about how it's all unnecessary junk while they go buy the new Xbox 1 special edition controller that's just skinned differently on day 1 that costs an extra $20. 
Makes sense. The n3ds came out in early 2015. That'd give it a 2+ year lifespan at the release of the Switch. I don't expect much in terms of games though next year...not unless they continue to do smaller stuff for the 3ds. 


What comes into question is 3ds franchises like Pokemon. Do we see this on the big screen finally?
That's what I'm leaning. I know Hopkins is amazing but Lobster/Hopkins just aren't clicking. Same with the Denver duo - it's hard to trust the QB play.
As someone who is trying to break 100 after several months, tip 1 is my biggest problem precisely because everyone does it differently. I've had 10 different people tell me 10 different things about how to prevent too much lateral movement. I was really bad about pulling my head up on the downswing which led to really bad topping and the bad chunking when I tried overcorrecting in the downswing.


What finally clicked with me is not moving the head. I'm still over 100 due to horrendous chipping/pitching but my irons have gotten much better ever since I approached the shot as "I should be over the ball for the entire swing." My distances have taken a bit of a hit but the consistency is so much better.
8 team standard - need 3:

Blount @ Pitt

Ware vs. NO

Coleman vs. SD

R Mathews vs Min

Crowell @ Cin

I'm leaning towards Blount, Ware and Coleman due to the matchups but I've been wrong every week so far. I'm pretty sure James White is still available to grab also.
Standard 8man, need 2:

Sanders vs. Hou

DT vs. Hou

Snead @ KC

Hopkins @ Den

Edelman @ Pitt


1-5 on the season with absolutely up and down WR play. I almost want to avoid Hopkins and the Denver duo due to matchup but I'm not sure anymore.
But...but....how will we shit on the Federal government?
Hide yo Lobsters.
Eh, fuck it. I hope he rushes 100 yards every game and Vinatieri kicks 5 FGs a game. We'd get some joy then.
Why kick the go-ahead FG and win the game when you can shotgun on 4th down and lose?
Nah fuck that. I hope the Texans win the South and get humiliated again in the playoffs. 


I'd rather the Pats win the SB before I see the Texans make it. If the Colts are going to be shit I want to get joy out of seeing the AFCS burn.
Damn BoB for actually taking advantage of the worst Rush D. I'm surprised Miller didn't have more yards honestly.
https://i.imgur.com/k0jPoN6h.jpg
Thank god. We need at least 1 good defensive player. Without him Hopkins would have gone HAM.
http://i.imgur.com/ZxFJ3cI.png
The Titans! ^right?

Fuck the coaches and that damn banner.
Yup. Again, shit playcalling. Coaching needs to be changed so that means we'll preemptively extend Pagano again this offseason.
Jokes on you - we've already given up on this season! 
Agreed. I'm happy they keep expanding their Activewear line because it's always on sale and fits great. 


Luckily they've toned down on the ugliness of the dress shirts. You can find a lot more nowadays that are good everyday wear. I just bought one of their OCBDs a few weeks ago and I really like the fit/feel.
The H26 or whatever? I love mine. They're straight fit and perfect for work. I've worn them several times a week for 3 years and they're just now starting to get a worn out spot in the back pocket. 
Depends on quality...Target is okay. I have some of their Haggar chinos and dress shirts that have lasted several years.


It's unpopular, but I've had good success with Old Navy lately. I bought a couple of their oxfords during a sale for $20 and they've lasted a year now. I have countless shirts/pants from there that have held up really well. The problem is the fit is horrible - I'm 5'10", 165 (decent gut) and I have to get the Slim fit at least.  I can definitely say that in terms of quality, my Old Navy clothes have held up better than my J Crew Factory and Target clothes and for the most part they were all cheaper.
Yeah...I was happy to see a notification letting me know what updated and there was absolutely nothing about "come play me!" like F2P game tend to do...this thread seems to be filled with people who don't play who just want to keep bitching.
People gettin in on that oil/gas money.
Love Callawaypreowned. 1 year warranty gives you relief and Callaway is great about replacements (I had a driver shaft snap after a month and they replaced it no questions asked).  Pretty cheap on some things also and the quality is usually better than you would expect.


Hoping for some good sales as the winter months hit. 
Pretty much. It always seemed that way since they only used it in limited capacity anyway. I never used because even on my N3DSXL it would lag if I had a "flowey" Pokemon using a big move. The double battles were a nightmare.
Did you watch him on the Colts? Peyton was just like Tom Brady and could be a huge dick to teammates. He definitely called out protection several times and there's the hilarious video of him blowing up on Saturday during a game. He also had words for Vanderjagt. Not to mention stuff like the "dammit Donald." 


Obviously he wasn't running his mouth all the time but Peyton was pretty honest. And to be fair, with his skill and the general O lines skill most years, it's not like he had a lot to complain about.
Same here. I bought a 2 wheel Bagboy from Goodwill for $7 and holy crap it changed everything. No more sore shoulder and back from carrying a single strap bag and I save money by not paying for golf carts. I've only used it a handful of times and I've already saved over $30 in cart fees.
Agreed. This was the first thing I ever did with my Pentax and 50-200. Not great but not horrible for night sports photography. 

https://flic.kr/s/aHskgpa9bR


If I primarily wanted sports photography I'd probably pick a different system though
Yeah - I think people are undervaluing the other Colts receivers. It's not like TY has suddenly gotten more targets. The Colts just plugged Chester Rodgers into the lineup and he's been getting around 5 targets a game. Once Moncrief comes back they'll just take target from the 4th/5th WRs and go back to him.


I definitely agree that TY may lose out on TD opportunities to Moncrief in the RZ. Luckily TY has never really been the RZ go-to WR. I don't think you'll see much difference. If anything I'd think the chance for big plays should go up for TY once Moncrief is back and that's where he does most of his damage.
Same. Edelman, Blount, and Gronk. Once^hopefully Edelman and Brady click I may actually win a game.
You gotta play Lamar in the flex. As a Colts fan, that Run D is horrible. Every team has scored 10+ this year against the Colts (in standard). Unless he goes down, he's at worst going to have 8-9 points. 
Maclin just due to the matchup. Should have a high bottom at least.
8 man standard. Completely at a loss as I pick wrong every week.

Pick 3:

DT vs SD

E Sanders vs SD

Hopkins vs Ind

Edelman vs Cin


Should I bench a Broncos in the hopes Edelman and Brady click this weekend?


I'm thinking Mathews too just for the matchup. I think you're right though - I'm 1-4, can't risk another failure of a week by risking the Coleman play.
I put WoW on my Chromebox last year to test it out. It's okay, not great. Not recommended for raiding. It's a pain in the butt to get it working correctly and requires a lot of work after you install crouton. There's also a lot on the hardware end on whether you'd be able to or not.

http://www.reddit.com/r/chromeos/comments/2ujdpa/_/

You could give it a go but expect many hours of work don't expect anything to even function properly. Iirc I started out with wow on an external and it was horribly slow. Had to move it to the internal storage
Miller is a must start. Indy is absolutely horrible at run D and as long as he doesn't get injured he's easily looking at 100 yards at least.
8 team standard need 2 (or +1 in a Flex):

R Matthews @ Was

T Coleman @ Sea

Blount @ Cin

Crowell @ Ten

Lacy @ GB


I'm leaning towards Coleman cuz he's Coleman. But I have absolutely no idea.
I'd echo with the others about getting lessons. I started playing a few months ago and haven't had lessons - turns out I've started getting consistently wrong swings. Couldn't figure out what was wrong until some nice old guy at the range gave me some tips - so yeah, get lessons and start out in a good place.


Also check out youtube stuff. Meandmygolf has been amazing and each video gives a great drill/tip that can help.
Yep. I've been fighting it, but last time out I finally put it away and pulled out my Heavenwood (7w) and damn it was great. On a good day, I can get maybe 220 with my driver. But the other night I was just feeling the HW and was knocking consistent 200 yd hits dead straight. I think I'll keep the driver put up and keep working the HW game. It's a great little club.
In my case, I don't need to know my scores so I'll play two balls on 9 holes since I'm usually one of the last people out after work. But like the OP, my biggest problem is mental so doing the whole "practice like you're on the course at the driving range" doesn't translate for me. But getting to hit as many balls as possible on the course helps a lot. I know I'm pretty consistently hitting 51-53 every time so the extra practice helps my course management (which sucks).
Ramekins are great. We have more than we really need. Some fancy ones for those little desserts and then a bunch of junky ones that are good for microwaving or using as holding cells for chopped up veggies. I'd say that, besides my SS pans, ramekins are my most used "tool" in the kitchen.


Also super cheap - like a $1 a pop.
In smaller politics the GOP isn't quite as batshit insane. It's also shifted heavily in the last decade or so and I'm hopeful we'll see a shift back after this joke of a GOP Presidential attempt.


Indiana, for example, had Mitch Daniels before Pence. Still super Republican but the guy didn't go after social issues like Pence is doing now. All in all he was a good Governor. Pence came in and brought new-age GOP with him and could give fuck-all about fiscal policies. His only goal was to wreck anything socially progressive about Indiana. He shit on women, he shit on gays, he shit on education, shit on immigrants - he's basically shit on anything and everything that isn't white and Christian. I fully expect Indiana will have a Democratic Governor (or less insane GOP) come the elections.
For me it's just the social aspects. I could go for a fiscally conservative candidate who chilled out on social aspects. But the minute Trump picked Pence it should have become clear to everyone what the platform was going to be. Pence is a vile little man who wants to destroy anything progressive - education, women's rights, gay rights - and I can never vote for anyone who thinks he should be close to the White House. I hate Pence so much I would vote for Palin or Trump before I voted for him. 


I think Hillary is shady as shit but I know that she will push social agendas because it's been one of the things she's done for most of her career. I honestly believe she'll push improvement to Obamacare and more equality and won't actively fuck over women and minorities like the GOP candidate


The US is in some weird state right now where real life needs to mirror reality TV. You could take Trump's remarks and actions and drop them into the Jersey Shore or some Bravo show and it would all come off as completely natural for the show. The media and Trump's campaign knows this - it's why everything has to be drama-filled. This whole election cycle is just a reality TV show because that's what voters want it seems.
those years were weird. We beat some of the best teams in the NFL but lost against some shit teams too.

And we did manage 1 AFC Championship game at least. ^(they can't take our banner!)
No kidding - /r/NFL always struggles with recency bias. 2007 AFCS still has the (second?) best record for a division in NFL history and had both Wild Card teams. Until 2010 it took at least 11 wins to win the division. 6 times in the 2000's the AFCS sent two teams to the playoffs. 


It's really only been the last two years that the AFCS has been all-around bad. The Colts were still 11-5 in 2013 and 2014.  It's so funny to see fans of other teams think they legitimately stood a chance in the AFCS. The Colts only roadblock was the Patriots (and the dirty Chargers).
Pretty much. Try not having someone behind you so you can take your time (this kills my groove). Just step up, take a deep breath, and let 'er rip. I got way better off the tee when I stopped taking 20 practice swings and just hit the ball.
It's almost assuredly going to be the Falcons because it's always the Falcons.
Same. I rolled my '99 S10 truck on the interstate and walked away with absolutely no physical damage to myself.


I bought a '13 Sonic and love it. Feels good, rides well.
I'm on Fi so I love Hangouts. Seamless usage between devices.
*allegedly*^but ^probably 
Also depends on carrier. If you're on Big Red like most Americans, you're not getting One Plus
No kidding. I'd still be paying what...$27 a month for 2 years? That's crazy. I bought my 5x when it was still expensive and I only pay $14 a month.


Yeah, the RAM is what does it. Battery-wise, if I just use my phone to check email and text with some light Pokemon Go, it's at around 20% when I get home at 6:00 PM which isn't horrible. It does lag like hell if you're doing a bunch.
For anyone interested in those balls, you can also check your local Marshall's/TJ Maxx. The TJ Maxx near me has these Bridgestone's discounted for $16/dozen. Mine also had the e5's for the same price.
Shit, Peyton is a perfect example too. Statistically one of, if not the best season ever for a QB, and midway through the next season he's a bottom 5 QB. 
That's definitely the example I've used this season when people shit talk Luck. You don't get much more perfect than Luck in Week 1 and the Colts *still* couldn't win. It kills me that people still say he's one of the problems. There is no QB in the NFL who plays perfectly every week and it's hilarious that some people think Luck is the problem because he's not perfect every week.


No team should have to rely on perfect QB play each week just to win a game. If anything, the last few years have shown us you just need half-assed QB play (or even worse) to get to the SB.
No, I definitely understand but I feel like in a topic like this where the OP says he's being unbiased, it's a little off-putting to list a back finger scanner as a con with a phone. That's inherently biased and it's not a con. It might be an inconvenience, but it's not like the scanner is unreliable or slow.



Yeah, this has been a weird negative I've seen lately. There was a thread yesterday or so with people complaining about the same thing. Like, how hard is it to pick your phone up at work? I've had front facing unlock and I hate it - it feels awkward. The placement on the 5x feels so natural and it's incredibly accurate and quick for me.


Edit: I get it. Apparently because half of users prefer the front fringerprint scanner it's absolutely stupid to have it on the back and the 5x/6p are horrible devices for it. 
Well...in my 8 man I have DT, E Sanders, and Edelman. I'd start all of em over him right now.
True. My 720 doesn't have it either. I just get lazy and sometimes sit in bed with it and it'd be nice so I don't have to key hunt as much in the dark.
Seriously. I loved all the time sinks in B2W2 and I'm so happy they're bringing some of them back.

And it'll be great with things like Wonder Trading making it easy to connect with others. 
Boston fans are the worst woe-is-me fans. Everyone is out to get them and life is just so hard. 


Also, see below: 5 Pats flairs in response to above comment, all salty.


Source: FiL is from Boston - everyone is just so mean to him and no one understands the pain of being a Boston sports fan.
Ask the Falcons for the warning signs. This seems to be about the time of year they implode. 
*I don't need it. I don't need it.*


Slap on a backlit keyboard and this is my dream Chromebook. in the 11-13" with FullHD, 4GB Ram, USB-C. 

Edit: will agree with other posters. I'd like to see performance stuff with that processor first. 
Sad they didn't include them. I still use the earphones that came with my One M8. They are so nice.
Check the 5x. That's some symmetry. Top/bottom bezels look to be the same, and even the top speaker is the same size of the front facing bottom speaker. *Edit: staring at my phone another minute...the bottom speaker may be a tad wider than the top but not by much.
No kidding. WP8.1 ran like butter on my Lumia 635. I tried out W10Mobile and hated it. So stuttered.
I'd say so. I wear them pretty frequently and I've worn em in rain/snow. When I got them they were in rough shape (faded like hell, would explain the clearance price). The edge you can see in the pic looks frayed almost which worried me but they've been solid.  I'd put on the same level as the busacres/cdb quality-wise. Just don't think they were as popular since they aren't the fad desert boot.
Same! Love cardigans. The lighter, thinner ones are definitely easier to wear in the office, but personally I think they look much better than sweaters over dress shirts. As I joke with people at work, I'm showing off my sweater and my dress shirt with a cardigan.
I felt like an old man (and people still tell me it makes me look like an old man) but I just wear them over my dress shirts on cooler days. If I'm feeling more "business-y" I'll wear a tie with it. I feel way less awkward wearing a cardigan than I do wearing a sweater over a dress shirt. It just feels less constricting.

I don't any many thick cardigans. I trend towards the lighter, more fitted ones. I see too many people who wear cardigans that are waay too big and it looks awful.
I felt that way and then I found Clarks Bushacres hi tops at DSW and I really like the traditional "boot" lacing more than the weird way CDB's are laced.  That and I got em on clearance for $40. [these bad boys](http://s7d2.scene7.com/is/image/DSWShoes/dsw12prod5410109_267_ss_01?scl=3.125&qlt=70&fmt=jpeg&wid=480&hei=359&op_sharpen=1). 
Big Gaga fan here. Wife also loves NFL and Gaga. This shit is gonna be awesome. This is exactly like everyone bitching about Bruno Mars before the show and talking about how great it was after the halftime show. Gaga can perform and has serious pipes.
That's true. I bought a K-01 as well and wanted to get the yellow one but had this same thought. Now I've just got lots of black Pentax bodies.
Which is totally understandable. For the most part it's just a quality-of-life app. It's nice to know what network you're on but it's definitely not necessary. 
8 man standard:

Hopkins is my definite

D Thomas @ TB

E Sanders @ TB

Snead @ SD


I'm leaning towards a Denver player since Snead is injured but is it a complete toss up on which one is a better play?


Maybe both? I have T Coleman in the Flex right now who is also injured.
Have Palmer and Carr, with Flacco sitting in FA...so unsure.
If you notice the network you're on is crap, you can try using a dialer code to switch to one of the other options. You may find that the other network is better. Project Fi doesn't always use the network with the best data speeds for some reason. 
The basic app is great because it shows you which network you are on in your notification bar. It also has dialer codes which are super helpful if you live in an area where Fi may prefer a network even though it's worse (ie - you know you get faster speeds with T-Mobile where you are but Fi keeps defaulting you to Sprint). My Fi has this problem for some reason. It prefers Sprint even when there's no LTE service so I have to force T-Mobile with Signal Spy. 
K-50 checking in! My only regret is not getting the stormtrooper.
Definitely true. Some people are just really bad about forming habitual problems. I had the same problem with weed, vidya games, cigs. If you do the same thing every day for a long time, it takes a huge toll psychologically when you try to quit. Quitting cigs for me wasn't anything physical, it was the actual habit of smoking that was hard to get over. Anything remotely habit-forming can be a huge bitch to get past if you have an addictive personality.
Yup. Most systems that Universities use operate on an area-by-area basis. If an employee can access one student's enrollment record, they can access them all. It'd be almost impossible to change this though - how would you do it? Our College definitely locks access down. Professors can't see bills/financial aid stuff, Academic Advisors can't change financial aid or anything, but you can't break it down much more than that.


I work with veterans and every day I have to access finance accounts, financial aid, enrollment services, biographical data...I think a lot of people don't realize that, despite popular belief, a lot of higher ed places are understaffed and employees are asked to do and know a lot more than a student would suspect. 
Nah, ours will keep his job regardless because "injuries" happened. That and he just got an extension. I could see him get fired later in the season if, after some of our injured D comes back, the Colts still can't do anything. 


I could definitely see Gus coming back jobless if the Jags lose. 


I am honestly hoping for fun Colts and fun Jags. Leave the defense at home - passing TDs for everyone.
Same. I beefed mine up to 128GB storage and 6 GB memory. I'll probably go back and make it a crouton box and just get Steam/Wine again. It did pretty well at playing games.


Would have been nice to have a different use for it though. 
Love you Freeney
That was kinda the thing I wish Bernie would have pushed more during his campaign. He had a ton of lofty goals that would never have happened and everyone asked how they would have been paid for. The whole idea is that...if you 20 lofty goals but you actually negotiate and get 10 of them to happen, it's a victory. I wish more voters would have realized that. Instead we have 2 candidates that pretty much everyone in politics hates. I don't see any changes coming from the Executive office at all for the next 4 years. 
Also still holding out on the random post about how Mike Wallace was the ultimate darkhorse when the season started. It's paying off so far. 


The WDIS aren't even that good - they get 500 comments with maybe 50 responses. It's only good for shit like the weekly DST thread which has saved me for years now.


The problem is everyone who posts over there seems to be in 20 man leagues or something..."Oh you better use the WW to get that 4th string RB for next week!"
Sounds about right. I think they do shipping based on weight. I bought a couple of gloves last week and shipping was around $6. 
Can use 2 (or 3 but my WR's are pretty good) - no PPR:

Lacy

Matthews

Blount


I keep thinking Lacy will finally turn it on. Am I crazy?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKFuc8CdvoA
Agreed. I think people are overlooking the Texans because they're in the AFCS but that team is looking really good so far this season. The defense is already good and I'm afraid that at some point in the next few weeks that offense will click and just be unstoppable.
Yeah...

*looks at injured Colts roster*

Yeah...my team will be down at the bottom fighting for last at this rate.
And shit, even the Titans have looked okay so far. I think the AFCS is the Texans to lose with all the Colts injuries on defense.
Oh god, same problem here. I can't drive super well - like 210 at most. I hit my irons well enough and I'm great with my hybrids so I can get close pretty well...but I can't pitch/chip for shit. It's so infuriating that I can save a sliced drive just to waste 3 strokes of pitching everywhere but the green.
Agreed. I think the secondary will be okay once Vontae comes back because that will at least give us back a shutdown corner. I think all around the defense will be okay once some of the injured players come back.


One thing I think that's being overlooked is the offensive continuation of playing super conservatively early. I don't know if the plan is to lull opponents to sleep before striking, but I think it has an all around negative impact. The defense is getting gassed early from all the 3 and outs. We saw what the offense can do when they trust Luck and the WRs. Just one week I'd like to see them come out of the gates swinging. I'd honestly think it would help the D as they aren't required to do so much early on.
That's what I thought...like she was doing really half-assed lunges or something.
They are my highest # of caught Pokemon. I'm level 22 and I've caught ~150 Eevees.
Hi there HW user! I have one too. The loft is almost the same as my 4h so I don't know why I bought it/use it. I pretty much pull it out once a round just for shits n gigs.
With slow cooker I've noticed you have to do more of a custard mac. Like, toss in an egg, maybe even a can of cheese soup. Then it turns out okay in my experience. Still, nothing beats a good ole roux/cheese sauce for me.
Exactly. I use the Top Flite hybrid and it feels great. I'd be interested to see if these are comparable to the low-end brands. I think I'll take a shot and see how it goes. 

Edit: Am taking shot. $100 is too good to pass up. I tossed in some of those Wilson balls that are $5/dz too. I don't need fancy stuff.

You can also stack "redditrocks" for another 5% off. It's like $95 out the door when you include shipping. Pretty crazy.
I know they're the shit Wilsons...but would these $100 irons be better than some (at least) 22 year old Callaways? http://www.rockbottomgolf.com/wilson-golf-black-jack-combo-iron-set-graphite-steel-8pc.html


Edit: **Don't forget to use the promotion code redditrocks**. It worked for me. Knocks another 5% off I believe.
Makes me sad Windows phones didn't work out. The Lumia 930 was a brick, felt really comfortable in the hand, and had the dedicated camera button. Also had RAW. 
Ah yes - poopy paws. One of my cats does this and I boop her paws to pass the time.
Yup. I honestly don't remember BW's story. It got muddled with B2W2. 


It's also weird how people keep talking about SM being darker or something story-wise. In terms of kid's games, a lot of them deal with death/destruction and XY got real dark. I thought XY had a pretty good story personally.
Coming from a new player who hovers around 100, I notice no difference. They don't correct my inconsistency with ball striking and I don't suddenly get an extra 30 yards. I've used the Top Flite XL's because I get them for like $10/18 balls at Dick's. I used the TM Project(a) balls and lost 'em all. If anything, I'm more nervous using nicer balls which in turn makes me worse. Obviously if I get better I'll likely change my tune. 
Honestly, with all the Gen I love it would make sense
Meh, I wonder sometimes as well. I still use Callaway S2H2's which were last made in 1994. Still play well, grooves look great, and there's no rust anywhere to be found. I'd love to upgrade but I'm attached. I'm also terrible and don't really think new clubs will change much.
Yeah. Our wedding cake had homemade fondant that was really good - sadly, the actual cake turned out dry...
For the last 3 years now I haven't drafted a kicker or DST in the draft, I've streamed both almost every week, and I've won the last 2 years so something is working for me.
I don't think it's been released yet but it's on Acer's website:  http://www.acer.com/ac/en/US/content/models/laptops/acerchromebookr11
Agreed. Every time AP comes up this excuse pops up - "Well it's how he was raised so it's not as bad!!!"


Yeah, bullshit. I was whipped with leather belts and wood yard sticks as a kid pretty often - I'm not doing that shit to my kids, ever. Much less hard enough to cause bleeding and hospital trips.
Same. All the TJMaxx's are littered with these but for $20 (central Indiana).  I guess I'll keep checking and hope they drop to $12.
Yup. Really, the R11 with Full HD is about perfect. Maybe tack on USB-C
I'm just excited for more USB-C chromebooks. 

I don't understand why it needed to be 13.3" - that's big for a convertible. Give us better 11" options!
Was in the 120's. I probably lost a dozen balls. I chunked half my shots and basically piddled up to the greens. But I had one good hit with my 3w that was beautiful and I thought (and it's what keeps me coming back), "Gotta remember the good shots."
Quick note on this one - it works great and the 14ft cable is amazing but...on my 720 it's a crapshoot on whether or not the trackpad still works when it's charging. Usually it doesn't and it's very jagged movements and random clicks.
Same here. Hitting 200-220 in the rough is a good day.
You know bing has that right? 


Personally, I just keep forgetting to switch to Bing. When you search "What time is it in london" you get the quick box in google and then a bunch of random time websites. In Bing, you still get the quick box but then you get actual info on London in the search results which is kind of cool. 
Yeah but people don't understand simple economics apparently.
I'm a sucker for black irons - those Adams look awesome. What's the general consensus with Adams? They look like a good value.
Mines pretty similar to this. Max size of 13.3" (preferably 11"), backlit keyboard, and a USB-C port (on top of what you said). I don't even need the i3, just gimme an efficient processor and 4gb of RAM.  I really just want the HP Chromebook 13 but smaller and with a flip. 
I'm in this predicament. Can't decide if I want to pull the trigger and just get prescription sunglasses or deal with contacts when I golf. I've tried so many different brands now but my eyes just dry out really quickly. 
And I cracked up at his "Almost hole in one" picture. He's basically just the one-man show for golfcirclejerk.
Same. I have insurance and went for a preventative check-up but had some pain in my groin that turned out to be an infection. Initial appt + follow-up (maybe 15 minutes total at a doctor's office) and I now have $250 in doctor's bills...so much for "free preventative care" that my insurance offers. Only free if nothing is found.
Me! I've had a Chromebook for a couple years now. It's lighter than most Windows laptops (and significantly cheaper than the fancy light computers by about $500). Most importantly, my $150 Chromebook is just as fast and snappy as it was the day I bought 2 years ago. I can't say the same for my Windows laptops. I dropped a new 128GB emmc into it and I keep a lot of my files/pictures on it. I use it for 99% for my daily tasks (Reddit, emails, reading, Netflix). 


I've also abused the shit out of it. It gets thrown around everywhere and there's plastic pieces floating around inside (I hear them jingle). Still, no loss in speed or efficiency.
I'm hoping with Google Apps coming that we'll see better quality (and value) touchscreens.
Convenience/options. I had the Surface Pro 3 and loved it except for the fact I prefer how a laptop can actually be used on your lap (Surface kickstand was just awkward). While I used the keyboard 90% of the time, it was still nice for the other 10% when I could just use it like a tablet and not have to worry about a keyboard. 
Meh, Wanted is one of my guilty pleasure movies. The absurdity of it all makes it somewhat bearable. 
Same here - I want to know. I'm down in Bloomington but like driving up to Indy if I can get somewhere cheap. Got to play the Legends in Franklin for $20 a few weeks ago - it was great. 
I've bought a lot from them. I bought a driver and the shaft broke a few weeks later. A 5 minute call to their customer service is all it took to get a year newer model for free sent to me. I've bought several more clubs from them and pretty much know once I finally move on from my 20 year old Callaway irons I'll upgrade through there. 
As an c720 user, I'm just waiting for a nice 11.6" Chromebook.
>What I don't understand is why people keep playing when the game makes them so frustrated and annoyed

Pokemon. That's literally it. My wife and I have loved and played Pokemon games for 20 years. People buy brand new handhelds just to play pokemon. It makes sense that even with the hate, people will play a game on their phone (that's always with them) just because Pokemon. My day is pretty much - "fuck this game...but this egg might have a Chansey and I love Chansey so I'm going to keep playing to hatch it."


I think people seriously underestimate the impact that just being Pokemon has on the game. I would guarantee that if Niantic created some random creatures instead of Pokemon that it wouldn't even have 50% of the playerbase it has now. 
Because there's an almost exact game in Ingress already that nobody plays. I personally wouldn't play this buggy crap if Pokemon weren't involved.
Noticed this during one of the men's gymnastics events. There was so much cheering anytime someone not from Brazil screwed up because Brazil had competitors in the event. Like, shut the fuck up people and let them do their thing.
On the Toshiba - it was an i7 processor but Toshiba apparently didn't do enough in terms of keeping the thing running smoothly. I bought it when it first came out because it was the new and cool laptop. Turns out it ended with shit reviews due to severe overheating. On mine, the HDD burned out after a few months and motherboard failed after 7 or 8 months.


My Dell was just an all-around piece of crap. I barely used it and it suffered from severe slowdowns and the lid latches got super flimsy after just a few months. I gave up on it once the lid just kinda flapped back and forth.


I've since switched to Chromebooks. They just cost a lot less and I've had 0 issues with build quality or laptop-bricking problems.
Or you're missing the whole point which is a $1000 Macbook has a much better chance of lasting longer than a $1000 Windows laptop. It's still a crapshoot in the Windows market on whether or not your laptop will shit out after 1-2 years. Meanwhile, you're pretty much guaranteed that a Macbook will get 4-5 years. I should have 0 worries about buying a $1000 Asus/Dell/Toshiba but so far I'm 0 for 2 on expensive big name Windows laptops.


People buying high-end laptops shouldn't have to hunt around to see which one actually has a good build quality - it should be a given if your dropping $800+ on a computer. 
True that. My Acer Chromebook that was $150 has held up for almost 3 years now but I've had a $700 Dell, a $1000 Toshiba, and a $500 Acer (all Windows) and none of them made it more than 2 years. Meanwhile, I found my white 2008 Macbook the other week, charged it up, and it *still* works with very few hiccups outside a shot battery. Most of my friends still use their 2008/2009 Pros. 
For anyone who wants an easy tofu meal - Press out the liquid, chop it up and add homemade taco seasoning (a crap ton). Cook it up like you would ground meat and then add it to some tortillas for easy tacos. 


I really don't like the texture of tofu so I tend to make meals with it where it gets crumbled.
If you're like me and you get lazy or don't have time, already roasted chickens are like $6 or $7 sometimes. I just bring it home, cut it up, and don't have to do the actual roasting.
Or how every expansion is viewed. I played heavily during BC and WotLK and people *hated* WotLK. Absolutely loathed it. Nowadays everyone remembers it fondly and it's just the best expansion ever. 
If you don't want it from Best Buy, any of the actual Verizon stores (not those 3rd party ones) will give you a sim for free. 
Mine isn't actually changing the position of the pokemon though - I've got pokemon popping up who are in the middle of the list. Still don't think it's great for tracking. Does seem to be more up-to-date on what's actually around though. 

THANK GOD. That was so annoying.
Wish it would come to Android. I think I'd drop the money for it.
Looks beautiful - is shit. 
On top of this, chicken thighs are great too. Even easier than breasts (real hard to overcook thighs) and they go really well with pretty much anything. I tend to buy one of those 5 lb packs and then make two big dishes (last week was BBQ and lemon/garlic dishes). 
Lasagna is my go-to if I'm feeling really lazy for the week. With ricotta (since some heathens use cottage cheese) it's like 10-15 bucks to make and me and my wife have lunch all week (plus a dinner). 
I came from Windows Phone (love you Icon!) and bought a G4 and absolutely hated it. It was huge yet felt incredibly fragile (not a good feeling when you're trying to hold it 1-handed). Battery was shit. I didn't even have the bootloop problem but once I started hearing about it I dumped the thing and went with the 5x.
I loved my Icon. Felt like a brick which I love - I hate how fragile and light phones are becoming. I got really spoiled with the camera button. Overheating was pretty crappy. 


I tried going to a G4 after the Icon and sold the G4 within a month. The app gap does suck but I couldn't fault the phones for that. 
Aw...I loved my Icon until I dropped it. 

My 5x gets crummy when I re-install Facebook and it slows down in Pokeman Go. Otherwise it's been great. The battery life is pretty meh, but I knew that going in. It hasn't been getting any worse luckily.
Oh man...fire types in Gen I...it was rough. There was ember and then...flamethrower? Which was a mid-30's/40's move and then there was Fire Blast. That was it. It was bad. I remember hating it because I love the Charmander line.
True. I still see a lot of places offer 2 year contracts on Verizon like Best Buy. Not sure how that's handled or if they only have contracts through third parties or something.
And it seems like every week Dick's has a flash sale that drops the full set of Top Flite's down to $150
If he's talking about 2 year contracts then probably. Verizon used to tack on $25 a month (don't know if that's still the rate). That's $600 over a 2 year contract. Considered the Nexus line tends to be cheaper than that...it's a waste of money. Not to mention most of the new phones still cost $100-$200 up front along with the extra money each month. 
I have the 4h. Actually really like it. It's smooth and feels good. Doubt it lasts more than 2 seasons though, ha.
I'll have to try some of these out. Polarr is amazing though for photo editing. Spend the money to upgrade (20 bucks I think) and it does almost all I need. 
This was my problem. Had a friend tell me to stand back enough that it was almost uncomfortable to me to be that far away and suddenly my shitty iron shots were drastically reduced. 
Thank god. Is everyone in this sub 10? This is obviously a joke. 
Glad I'm not crazy. People think this is legit?
True, and I'm the same way, but as more anecdotal evidence my wife and family/friends who Reddit don't use /r/all either. I just assumed everyone did since I did but apparently people really like being in their subreddit bubbles. 
I think it's 200xp for 2km, 500xp for 5km, and 1000xp for 10km. 
Problem is, the Gen IV games were just so clunky. I can replay all of the Gens except for Gen IV. Maybe I should pick up Platinum, i hear it really sped things up. B/W had the same problem where it felt like saves took 5 minutes. 
mid-range phone with a keyboard. I don't see the point of getting a Blackberry with no keyboard. Or release the passport on Android. 
Same with Chromebooks. Only one or two models have it which sucks. I bought my Nexus 5x thinking I could upgrade my Chromebook too to a USB C but there's only expensive options so far.
Bloomington here (obviously liberal) and the number of those signs is hilarious. I saw more if those than any candidates during the primaries.
The decent courses are $30-$40 a round. My local course is $13 for 9 holes and $22 for 18 ($15 at twilight). They get you on carts though, $14 for 18 holes. I pretty much only play after work and I've lucked out that the city course is very well-maintained (it's in much better shape than the courses around that are twice as much).
Not to start a "which country did worse shit" but it's estimated the Japanese killed over 10 million Chinese and Southeast Asians just during WWII. It's really sad how their atrocities got swept under the run in the Western world.
This is what concerns me about libertarians. The Federal government is the largest employer in the USA. All I hear is abolish this department, cut that branch. So where do the hundreds of thousands of jobs go?
I'm stuck with a c720 so I've not tried out Google Apps yet, but I think it would just be convenience for a lot of things. Easier access to apps and hopefully even better integration between the phone and Chromebook. There's likely some apps that will end up performing better than webpages as well. 
Saw that too - Mudsdale's weight is pretty accurate to it's real life counterpart. 

From Wikipedia - 

>Today, the Clydesdale stands 16 to 18 hands (64 to 72 inches, 163 to 183 cm) high and weighs 1,800 to 2,000 pounds (820 to 910 kg).[1] Some mature males are larger, standing taller than 18 hands and weighing up to 2,200 pounds (1,000 kg)
That's super helpful, thank you! I always get confused looking at these processors that seem like they should be the same or better on paper (higher number model seems like it should be more powerful). I understand memory and all the bells and whistles like displays/keyboards/touchpads. I'll have to remember this if/when I finally decide to upgrade. 


I've been looking at newer Chromebooks to replace mine but I just can't justify a downgrade in performance. Still waiting on those elusive newer 11" models. 
Yea, where are the 11" chromebooks at. Are there really zero 11", 1080p chromebooks? Crazy.
Benchmarks always confuse me. I see these measly Octane scores and then see that my 2GB c720 is getting a 9417 Octane score. Does that mean if I bought one of these newer chromebooks it'd only be for the newer features like a better screen?
MH4 is tough for me because I played MH3U on the Wii U and the experience is just so much better to me on the Wii U. Adjusting to the 3DS experience is tough.
Like others said, that cheap stuff will be replaced quick. I bought a 4h Top Flite from Dicks for $15 and while admittedly I love it (super beginner and I get 170-185 with it), the more I use it the more the face gets beat up, way quicker than the nicer (yet way older) Callaway clubs I have. I'm going to guess it doesn't last more than a year before it's junk. Buy stuff that's older. My irons are Callaway S2H2's (at least 20 years old) I got from my dad and are still in great condition, even with my crappy and frequent play.
Can chime in. I typically buy the lowest end clubs from there and even then they are pretty great. The first driver I bought broke at the shaft but that's because I'm terrible and slam into the ground a lot and Callaway replaced it for free with a Like New driver that is just beautiful.
Living in the midwest I'm jealous. My eevee's are similar to your sandshrews. I work at a college and it's not uncommon for 6/9 nearby pokemon to be eevee. I want sandslash :(
Definite dealbreaker. I've used the most expensive phones and I've used some cheap-ass phones and I just don't see a big enough difference to justify the cost of $400-$500 more. I used a Moto E for months and have few complaints. I've used a Lumia 635 that ran like butter. Other than the battery being worse than my old Lumia Icon, I don't have many complaints about my 5x and it came with a mid-range price.
Agreed. I've had flagships that suck. I see people bitch all the time about their flagships (see - S6 users all last year). I use a 5X right now that cost $300 and have 0 issues. Could the battery be better? Sure, but none of the phones that are $300-$400 more have a battery that is that much better. 
Damn. I'll have to watch my service for a few weeks and see if switching would be good. T Mobile is still pretty hit or miss in my area. 
People always talk about these plans but where do they exist? I don't see anything on Tmobile's website cheaper than $40. Such a confusing layout for plan options.
Same. I was tearing through 5+ GB on Verizon. Switched to Fi and now I use less than 1. I just became more conscious about wifi is all.
Except it's not? $10 per GB. Each month your bill is reduced by data not used. So my first bill was $30 but since I use only half a GB a month, most of my bills are around $25
About $24 a month. 
I have this problem. Previous best was 111. Shot a 49 on the front 9 and thought "o shit it's gonna happen." Then shot a 57 on the back 9. 


One of these days...
If you're looking for clubs, Callawaypreowned is having pretty good sales right now. Selection is getting pretty meh though. I just picked up [this](http://www.callawaygolfpreowned.com/golf-clubs/fairway-woods/fwoods-2014-big-bertha-v-series.html) last night and I'm excited to try it out - especially for only 30 bucks.
A beer always helps. Also is great when the other person screws up the first time - makes it easier for me. 

My future stepdad is probably a 6 or 7 handicap while I can't break 100. I'm always so nervous until he shanks a drive and then suddenly I realize even good players screw up. 
Same. I had the Lumia 930 and loved the heft that it had. I went to a LG G4 and it was so light. Did not like. 
My golf course had no stops and hardly any pokemon, but darnit if walking 9 holes didn't help out with the egg-hatching. 
Love those. Got them from Groupon for like 30 bucks last month. Incredibly light, comfortable, and breathable. 
Oh man, we went to Montreal for our honeymoon in October and I forgot a jacket. Bought a lightweight down jacket from Roots and it is sooo comfortable and keeps you so warm. Definitely worth the money spent. 

Definitely not the place to go compared to H&M if you have limited funds though. 
True that. I live in a college town and the gyms change hands about every 15 minutes. In my part of town it's the same couple groups of people fighting with their 1400+ pokemon. 
Mine also gets super hot and breaks frequently.
Agreed. I walked 18 holes a couple weeks back and broke 50 on the front 9 for the first time. Just barely failed to break 100, but it was by far my best game and I've struggled to do it since. 
Not sure about golf stuff, but Prime Day was a joke in general. Anything that was remotely cool/wanted (electronics for example) were posted and "deal ended" about 5 seconds later. For the most part it was just a ton of junk being sold off at meh prices.
*That's* the only detail I've noticed. Even if Sam and Gilly's journey was only a few months, that baby should be a little bit bigger right?

Otherwise, I agree with everyone else. Dany just got the Slaver's ships last episode and had them completely re-fitted an episode later. That would have been months at least. It's not hard to imagine that in those several months Arya would have been able to get back to Westeros and Varys could get to Westeros and back. 
Depends on the Chromebook. Most of them can't change out the SSD. My Acer c720 (which is years old at this point) could have a different SSD swapped in. 
Tbf, my Acer c720 Chromebook was purchased over 2 years ago for $140 as a refurb and is still as snappy as the day I bought it and gets daily use. I would be pretty bummed if my Chromebook shit out after less than a year. That said, I also know a lot of people have had their HP chromebooks for years as well.
Amazon Warehouse is legit and my go-to for expensive stuff. My c720 came from there and had no issues that I could see. It even still had the original plastic around the bezels.  I also got my DSLR from there for dirt cheap because the original packaging was damaged. Absolutely nothing wrong the camera itself. 
Yup. I've gotten a (somewhat worn) Callaway shirt, a brand new Slazenger shirt, and one of those generic golf shirts, all for under $15. 


I look for everything at Goodwill though. My wedges (Vokeys!), golf bag, and most of my balls are from there. 

TJ Maxx and Marshalls are good too. I got a really nice golf shirt with a nearby university's logo for $5 once. 
Good luck! I also started in April around a 130. I played on Thursday and got down under 110 and broke 50 on 9 for the first time. All about those chips and putts!
Yeah, I've only seen that one Goodwill have so much. They are pretty great for apparel though. I found a Slazenger golf shirt today that still had the original tags.
I went to a Goodwill in the city near me and they had about 50 clubs. Several Cobra drivers/woods, old Callaway woods, and some Vokey's (of which I had to buy of course). Nothing super new but good brands at least. 

Also had some really nice bags. I had a friend who got me a Callaway Ultralite from 2013 and he picked up a 2013 Ping stand bag.
What if they end up taking over Dorne? The Martells have already been snuffed out (in the show at least). 
After work - 5:30 PM or later. The city course is usually pretty empty at that time and has super cheap twilight hours ($15). Wife works until 8:00 every day so I usually have time to at least get in 9 holes and very rarely do I need to actually make a tee time. 
http://valueguide.pga.com/index.php is super helpful. When I go Goodwill hunting I'll have this open. 

Callaway, Mizuno, Cobra, Cleveland, Ping - there's quite a few you can build a cheap set from. Last time I went hunting I found some 454 Cobra Driver/Woods for about 10 bucks a piece and some Vokey wedges for $5 a piece. I don't know much about Lynx but I seem to find a lot of Lynx irons (along with the Wilsons/Spaldings everywhere). More than anything I would check the condition. You could find some Ping irons but the face could be shredded and dinged up. 
You can also hit up a Veterans County Service Officer. In some places it's just the VA office. A lot of times they can make things happen a little quicker with issues. 
Yeah, that part was weird. I get that bodies would be piled up since it was a small battlefield, but 15-20 high?  And it's not like it was a trench fight or something - they were still fighting over a sizeable chunk of land. The pile should have been way smaller and spread out a lot more.  

The after-show mentioned that there were similar piles in the Civil War, but I can't think of any battle bloody enough for that. Wikipedia shows Spotsylvania had a place where bodies were piled 4 high. 
Bought this a few weeks ago from the callaway used site and wouldn't you know it, the shaft snaps right before I play my first actual golf tournament.

Kind of bummed because I really liked the feel of it
Really like Polarr. Only problem using it with a Chromebook is it sometimes can't convert the RAW if your Chromebook is weak. It auto-converts RAW on my c720 but my Chromebox has no problems. 
Meh, Polarr isn't bad. It's pretty similar to Lightroom. I bought the full version which really opens things up. 
If you have Goodwill's nearby, check those out. I found 52 and 56 Vokeys this past weekend for $5 each and in good enough shape to play with. Downside is, you have to go through a lot of Goodwills sometimes to find anything good.
I really need to watch them more...this is a great idea. 
You should! I got a 52 and 54 vokey design wedges in good shape last weekend for $10 total.
Gotta be like new. I bought a driver that was average condition and the only thing "wrong" with the club is some scuffing on the bottom. 
I don't know if it's still going on but Dick's was doing free re-gripping with certain Golf Pride grips. For around $5 I got a new grip and it was re-gripped in 5 minutes for free.
I'm a really new golfer (few months now) but I usually play better with others. When I'm by myself I tend to get the shanks and can't calm myself down to play well. 
I picked up an "Average" RAZR driver and the only problem I've found is a slightly worn grip and some scuffs on the bottom. Crazy quality for the price.
I'm similar to you! Only been playing for a few months but I'm still 120+ and consistency with teeing off is hard.

Like others have said, just leave the bad clubs at home. I can't hit a wood to save my life, so I use my 3 iron instead. 

Watch a ton of youtube videos for cheap help. It's been a great help to me. I've fixed a lot of my leaning problems just by watching youtube videos over and over again.


Be conscious of your swing - that's been really helpful to me. My biggest problem is falling back on the swingthrough. It wreaks havoc on your contact.  

Same here. I bought the C720 two years ago for $150 refurb and it stills runs the same as it did. When I show my wife something like a Pixel or the powerful Dell's/HP's she just looks at me like I'm stupid for wanting to spend that money.
Same. I really don't like t-shirts but I love polos. 
Killing his sister as she tries to blow up King's Landing with wildfire. It's the only way!
It uses sprint and t-mobile which are both pretty terrible outside of a lot of Metro areas. It's great when I'm downtown but if I get even a little bit out of the city it's really spotty and calls to hay wire 
I really like it but call quality is definitely shit in my area. 90% of my phone calls will include the other person going "hello? I can barely hear you."
This is super helpful. Thank you!
So I'm using the S2H2 irons from Callaway and I really like them. I also have a couple of older Big Bertha woods but I'd like to get a Callaway driver that's under $100. What would be the best suggestion for a used one? There's quite a few to choose from it seems. I'm not good at golf at all - only been playing casually for a few months now so I'd loving something that's more forgiving. 
Same. Bought a pack because they were cheap and I don't like them (as undershirts at least). Fruit of the Loom Select shirts are the best undershirts (long so they stay tucked). 
I totally would have bought one on Verizon when my Icon broke. Unfortunately, my only option was AT&T. Instead, I picked up a Nexus 5x and hopped on Project Fi which has been awesome and way less of a headache than Verizon or AT&T. 
Yeah, that's one of the problems. I beefed up the memory in my Chromebox and use Polarr for editing and it works great, but can't find any good photo management options. 
[Polos](https://factory.jcrew.com/mens-clothing/tees_polos_fleece/polos/PRDOVR~53240/53240.jsp?color_name=farmhouse-green) are also down to $11.70. 
I really like it. I also love sea lions so he just looks like the stereotypical sea lion that does tricks. 
Yup. The 18-55 WR kit lens can be bought used for like 80 bucks. You can get a used K-50 with kit 18-55 for around $300 if you wait for good used deals.
Nothing really, but ChromeOS and Windows don't use the same keyboard layout. ChromeOS doesn't really have function keys. 

[This](http://d0od.wpengine.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/keyboard-tile-2.jpg) is a ChromeOS keyboard and [this](http://img.wonderhowto.com/img/00/36/63487814715361/0/use-most-important-keyboard-shortcuts-windows-8.1280x600.jpg) is a Windows. There's some differences in the key mapping that don't always translate well when using a Chromebox.

I use [this keyboard](http://www.amazon.com/Logitech-Full-Size-Keyboard-High-Definition-920-002714/dp/B003NR874S/ref=sr_1_54?s=pc&ie=UTF8&qid=1462299182&sr=1-54&keywords=logitech+keyboard). The volume buttons work (in that very top row) but nothing else does. Some keyboards play nicer than others. If someone is new to ChromeOS it might be better to buy a ChromeOS-specific keyboard.
I use the Celeron version. Love it. Hardest part (kind of) is finding a keyboard for it. I just use a wireless Logitiech that was made for Windows. You may prefer to buy a ChromeOS specific keyboard.


If it's needed, both the RAM and storage can be upgraded. I spent the money and upped the storage to 128GB and had 8 GB of RAM. It runs like butter. I used it for a while right out of the box and it's plenty quick even with 2 GB of memory. 
Yeah, I don't know how much it's changed (played a little bit during MoP but quit during early Cata) but leveling was fun and somewhat challenging in BC and WotLK. Once Cata came around leveling alts became a joke. I mostly stayed in WoW for the leveling and Cata killed all the fun I had for it.
Sorry, that's kinda wrong. Ethnocentrism is more of a tool that is about removing your biases due to your own culture, or looking at things as a neutral party. Plenty of anthropologists/sociologists still found that something could be "wrong" or perverse with a custom but it had to be something deeper than just "In my culture this is barbaric." They would also try to keep their opinions out of their published research. Obviously, like in the case of your professor, there are people who take things to the extreme. In today's world a lot of those tools are used for political purposes as well. You tend to see more personal interjection in the more popular ethnology books because the average person will connect with someone who is throwing in biases they would agree with.

Think of it this way - in most sciences research papers tend to state the facts, state their findings, and throw in what they hope to accomplish in the future with said research. There's very little editorializing. Before ideas like ethnocentrism came about, Anthropology was a very opinionated field made up almost entirely of rich white Europeans and was a driving force behind Imperialism. Ideas like ethnocentrism tried to instill a more scientific approach where observations would be neutral and you would simply report your findings. It shifted the field from being the ramblings of some white guys to actually creating discussion on cultures. We form our own opinions from reading their papers and learning about culture, but we shouldn't be forming opinions based on *how* the article was written.
Cheapest one on Amazon is $115 right now. You can trade one on to Amazon for a minimum at $69. 

http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B00E1A1SP6/ref=cm_cr_arp_mb_bdcrb_top?ie=UTF8
No kidding. Whatever happened to debating about taxes?
Nope. Mine got upgraded and I started in BC.
Smart. I got the free upgrade. Haven't played a lot since the first tier of Cata but I played a shit ton when I did play. Thanks for trying to rekindle addictions Blizz!
I don't know about the upgrade right before Legion. I've played for 1 month in the last 2 or 3 years and I just got the email from Blizz that my account was upgraded to WoD for free with 7 days play time and a 90 boost. Maybe they're starting early on giving the inactives an upgrade?
Funny story - I stopped playing like 2 years ago, subbed for a month last year, and got an email today that I got WoD for free with the lvl 90 boost and 7 free days.
It's the gamepad that keeps the price high. I really like it and it's useful outside of games, but it costs $150 for a new one compared to the $50/60 for other consoles controllers. The controller should not be half the cost of buying a new console regardless of how innovative it might be
And I definitely recommend Darksiders II. It's kinda glitchy on the Wii U in some parts but the game is just awesome. The music is so good and it's got replayability (did for me, at least). It's basically a darker Legend of Zelda that comes with skill trees and armor/weapon upgrades. 
I use an Ape Case (the size bigger) and it's great. Holds my K-50 with 2 zoom lenses and the 40mm pancake. It's really nice because I can just swap the case between my messenger bag and hiking bag depending on what I'm doing. I do agree that the only downside I've found is it's one more flap/string I have to go through to actually get to the camera.
Gotta love the Midwest. I live in a liberal city in Indiana and a 3 bedroom, 2 bath, full front and back yards, driveway, near a big park, is $1000 a month. I'm so scared to leave and realize I'm going to be poor as shit pretty much anywhere we move. 
Paid full price and I regret it. My wife and I only played 5 or 6 hours before we realized it was boring and just not worth it to us.
No kidding. I have the Celeron 720 with 2GB and I never get lag while browsing. The only hiccups I've had was trying to edit pictures in Polarr. Makes me wonder if I'll ever upgrade if everyone else seems to have problems with lag. 
I use Polarr on my Chromebox and have no issues with speed (but I've also tossed in 8GB RAM on mine). Just check how it's being imported. On lower end Chromebooks it'll import your DNG as a JPEG if your Chromebook isn't powerful enough. I really like Polarr though - it does most everything I need and pictures tend to come out okay. Haven't used it a ton though. 
I really like the 40 for the size. If they were the same size I'd probably go for the 35 prime over the 40. It's been known to have some purple fringing when it's wide open. I really don't think it's worth it when you already have the 35, 50, and a zoom that covers it. To me, it really is about the size of the lens. I bring it with me everywhere because it's tiny. I can put it in my pocket even and it's fine. But photo quality wise you're not missing out on anything.
I'd say at least 1/500 for shutter speed. When I first got my K-50 I took it to a soccer match and while a lot of the shots looked pretty good at 1/250 and 1/320, you can definitely see small blurs that take away from the pictures a bit. 

The K-50 is pretty good with burst. It's 6 FPS and I could get around 5 or 6 RAW shots (or a crap ton of JPEG if you shoot with it). 


I had my K50 for 2 days before I tried action stuff so I just went with the Tracking focus and 9 AF points and it worked out okay. Nowadays I'd probably go with back button focusing as I had a ton of shots out of focus.
Visited DC last weekend and ran around with my K-01 and 40 pancake. Took a bunch of the cherry blossoms but just liked how nice this came out straight from the camera. Always snap pics of the Lincoln Memorial whenever I get to visit. 

https://www.flickr.com/photos/notrab90/25659684944
Same. Bought a Microsoft Band for $80 and while it's pretty ugly, it's got a nice screen, has all the bells and whistles of an activity watch, and with a Windows Phone you can text on it. The HR monitor is pretty nice too. 


I couldn't even justify the $150 or so people pay for the fitbits with a HR. $400 for a smartwatch is just crazy to me.
I don't even use W10 for RAW processing anymore - I just bought Polarr on my Chromebox and use that instead. It doesn't completely replace it but it's pretty darn close. 
There's dozens of us! Dozens!


I've had people ask me why I went with Pentax and not something "better" like Canon. I'm like you - I like the less popular option by nature. I was just drawn to Pentax instead of a D3300 or the Rebel  DSLR. Hell I bought the K-01 because it's the ultimate "what the heck is that" camera and I got it for super cheap. I just enjoy it and keep on shooting. One of these days I'll be good at it...
School honestly sounds kind of shady. Financial offices should be trying to maximize the funding for students. We get paid either way and it's easy easier to get paid from the government. We've done numerous attempts at special circumstances to make sure students are getting everything they need for finding. Might try going to someone higher up.
I did this too. I usually use a nice hiking backpack or just a normal messenger bag. I just picked up one of the Ape Case bags and I switch it between whatever I'm doing. It's been great so far and my bag always looks discreet.  I looked into some of the bags ~$100 and all of them have a giant logo basically yelling "steal my shit!"
Their clothes are ugly, but the outdoorsy clothes and gear are awesome. I bought a collapsible bag from them for like $10 once and it goes with me everywhere and has been super sturdy and reliable.
You'd need to get the Special Circumstance/Professional Judgement approved by your school based on significant changes in income. They are supposed to go off of your current income information (we usually require 2015 tax returns and most recent paystub/unemployment information). This is a pretty common occurrence for vets who just got discharged. It'd be kind of weird for schools to not offer this. The problem is, it's completely subjective whether or not the school approves it - Spec Circumstances are 100% Professional Judgment calls. Make sure you're not somehow including Post 9/11 stuff on your FAFSA or submitting that money as documentation for the special circumstance.


Source: financial aid and veteran services guy
Guess we'll cite the BJS too!

http://www.bjs.gov/content/pub/pdf/p14.pdf

>The BOP housed 40,000 prisoners in private
secure and nonsecure facilities at yearend
2014, which represents 19% of the total federal
prison population.



>Seven states housed at least 20% of their inmate population
in private facilities at yearend 2014, including New Mexico
(44% of the total state prison population), Montana (39%),
Oklahoma (26%), and Hawaii (24%). Since 1999, when BJS
began tracking the number of prisoners in private facilities
at yearend on an annual basis through the National Prisoner
Statistics (NPS), the size of this population has grown 90%,
from 69,000 prisoners at yearend 1999 to 131,300 in 2014.
The use of private prisons was at a maximum in 2012, when
137,200 (almost 9%) of the total U.S. prison population were
housed in private facilities (figure 6).


Turns out, everyone above was right - they were just cherry picking out of the same report. 
>steak sauce on a good vanilla ice cream might just be delicious

I've done this. Don't do this.
Has to be. Pretty sure most dogs fall in to the 12-15 years life expectancy. 
Yeah. I wasn't exactly invested so I didn't mess with it. I'll have to try it when I get home and hopefully there's still a workaround.
I did this last night and they totally locked me out after the timer ended

Maybe it just needs to be reloaded every once in a while.

Can confirm: Just reload the page when you see the timer come up and should be good to go!
Same. I had a billing question that needed to be escalated and it's been about 5 days now since I heard back. 
[Just some deer](https://flic.kr/p/F84e8V) shots I took at my in-laws place over the weekend. Nothing special but I really enjoy watching wildlife so it's nice to be able to photograph now. 
Depends on what is normal for a cat. I think 10 pounds is normal but apparently male Ragdolls can top out at 20 pounds. Source below. Also has hilariously adorable portraits of ragdolls.

http://cfa.org/Breeds/BreedsKthruR/Ragdoll.aspx
Maybe it's just because I'm not a fan of her, but her answer to "how do you feel knowing most people don't trust you" just seemed so forced. 
It is a troll. He edited it to say Hillary Clinton. 
"i'm not a career politician." 

Proceeds to go back to previous question for a cheap shot for easy points.
Pentax K-01 in very good condition for $99. No issues other than some light scratches on the top of the camera. Used go for around $200 at least so I was super excited.
Had mine for over a month with no issues other than the very rare hiccup with fingerprint reading (usually when my hands are really dirty). I restart it maybe once a week to clear things up but it's real smooth. 
For me it has. My c720 is used for the majority of stuff - reddit, netflix, facebook, email, and word processing.

My Chromebox (jacked up with 8 GB of RAM) handles the image editing with Pixlr and Polarr and is great for Netflix and playing music in the house. I'm thinking of putting Linux on it again for games/better editing stuff.

There's very little I need Windows for. Steam games mostly...
Good to hear. They just emailed me back saying I was also getting credited. Pretty pumped!
Awesome. Thanks for the info!
What do you think would be the timetable for the 5x discount? I bought the 32GB just over 1 month ago but I'm still on the payment plan. Would be nice to knock a little bit off the total price. 
/r/pentax has been so helpful and even though it's not super active, people are quick to help with questions. 
Would be kind of nice although I'm okay with how it is now. 
Alt+Backspace for Delete and Ctrl+Backspace for Delete word. For me, it just takes a lot of getting used to. It would be cool if things could be re-mapped...the hardest part of using Chromebooks to me is just remembering all the keyboard combos.
https://flic.kr/p/E3yBi5

Taking my K-01 out for a stroll. I really liked this picture but hated the random people on top of the waterfall. 
They're pretty clear when the item itself has damage. Most of the time it's just the packaging. WHdeals has become the thing I watch when I'm buying something and want a deal. My XL was $50 off and my DSLR came from there on the cheap also
First time out with my K-01. Just the nearby state park that I love hiking at. Nothing special - I just like looking at it so I remember that I should go into nature more often.

https://flic.kr/p/Esn1b5
Not the OP, but some of those opinions aren't true in every case. I've had my 5x for a month now and have had no lag issues and no issues opening the camera. I'm also a pretty light user (couple hours of Reddit and facebook each day, checking texts/emails, few pictures every day) and I can get a solid day and a half without charging. For me, the cost was right where I wanted it and the phone has been awesome.
Same here. No issues on my 5x
Depends on region unfortunately. We're in the Midwest where there is a huge amount of people who've never even been to college. In my state, only about a third of 25+ year olds have a 2-year degree or higher.

You can check out attainment rates here:
http://www.higheredinfo.org/dbrowser/?level=nation&mode=map&state=0&submeasure=243
Definitely true on the placement rates.  

I always argue you have to do your homework on graduation rates though and it's a touchy subject to me. the Dept of Ed has it set to where graduation rate is determined by students who finish in 150% of the degree program. For instance, anyone who takes longer than 3 years to finish a 2 year degree would count against graduation rate (and a massive number of CC students are only part time). Our school's grad rate is only 50% according to the DoEd even though I'd guess around 75% actually graduate. You just have to do your homework and research your area's CC because most suffer in the grad rate department because of non-full time students.

All of our programs have capstone courses which are basically just job readiness classes. Resume writing, interview skills,and job searches/placements.
Work at a community college. We have people getting Associates degrees and starting at 50k. It's not hard and it's super cheap. Just have to do your homework on costs and what's around.
Had a friend who did this. Her major was creative writing but now she works at a pharmaceutical doing technical writing and editing. She still tries publishing poems on the side too. Seemed to work out really well.
Like others have said, I love it. It's definitely a very good "chill" game in single player (haven't done online yet). Big world, multiple zones, lots and lots to do. I have around 70 hours into it and I haven't completed the story yet (too busy trying to max out different lives).

The life system makes it interesting. You can go around killing stuff with the combat lives, relax with the crafting lives, or explore with the gathering lives. 

Most people just hate on the story and the amount of text and it's fair. The story is nothing special and there's *a ton* of text. I'm not bothered by it though - you can just hit "B" and speed through text. 
Agree with this. You hear a lot of people say that Pentax doesn't have as many lenses but that's because it doesn't need lens variants with image stab. Pentax has amok the lenses you would need as a hobbyist - it does lack in some niche areas.

The only issue is that Pentax can be harder to get lenses used since it's not as popular.

If you wanted to save money the k50 is super cheap and provides a lot of things you don't see on Nikon's/canons in the same price range and it's a fantastic camera.
Right but it's XL. Happy home and Pokemon are the only standard n3ds options in north america and some people just prefer the smaller systems.
Well there's only two n3ds options for NA and they're both white. This is the cheaper version of those two.

Otherwise yes, it's just a white 3ds with plates.
>Security updates should roll for the entire 2-3 years, and then the user should be told that the device is End of Life and no longer receiving security patches.


This would be nice. I feel like you're never actually told there's no support for the phone anymore and you have to find out yourself.  


I do think support is a problem though that definitely comes from the splintered manufacturers. W10M works on nearly every Lumia phone, even the super cheap ones. Apple keeps their phones updated for 3 or 4 years. Only on Android do you have to spend so much every 2 years if you want continued support.
I think Adorama has a used section with detailed breakdowns of item quality. 

Honestly, I've bought all of my stuff from Amazon used (2 bodies and a couple of lenses) and everything has been great. I tend to stick to the Amazon Warehouse as they get the condition right most of the time. 
Probably the best advice for any Chromebook owner.  The overlay is incredibly helpful and makes you realize there's a ton of shortcuts you wouldn't even think to have. 
Yeah...because it was a defensive game sooo....there wouldn't be many offensive plays.


Boring is subjective. I thought the game was great to watch.
Not bored. That was a fun af super bowl.


All the sacks and turnovers. It was sloppy and awesome.
Fucking hate game threads. 

All season we hear "OH DEFENSE IS DEAD!"
You get a fucking Super Bowl that's 100% defense and now it's "OH THIS IS SO BORING!"


Fuck those people who just can't be happy. This was a defensive mess and was fun to watch.
Can't vote McManus for MVP. Buuuuuulshit.
No shit. McManus is clearly MVP right now.
McManus!
Fucking 16 year olds. 


"EW Parents having sex!"
Funniest commercial so far. Seal made it.
No shit, that defense is historically good. At this rate, they're singlehandedly going to win a SB.
Miller for the strip sack? That's about it.

Or McManus now, haha.
Me either! I feel like I'm missing out
That has me worried. I want to love XC and I want to get XCX but I just cannot get into XC. It might be partially about the graphics but the combat feels really clunky and I just feel like I have no idea what I'm doing. Can never play it for very long before I'm over it.
Amazon listed it as Good condition and it's about spot on with that. No scratches on the screen (which was my big worry). Only noticeable wear and tear is some small scratches around the flash. Everything else is in really good shape!
Thanks. That was the craziest part. I was just browsing and saw that price and thought that even if it was in poor shape it's still half the cost of a used one anywhere else. Definitely happy with it so far.
Indoor stadiums get used year round at least. Lucas Oil always has something going on - mostly conventions and expos but there's a lot of sports and motox/monster truck rallies too. 
I'm with you. Eli? Friggin Romo? Rivers? They are all poor man versions of Peyton, Brady, Brees, and Rodgers. Why would the shittier versions of great QBs get in?
The argument is that no one watched anything Texans until the playoffs and thought "LOL look how bad he is!"


Not like he got them to the playoffs or anything. Is he a long term solution? No, but he definitely didn't regress.
Yup. If you wanna get fancy, the Speck phone cases have a nice grip and have the tiniest little lip that prevents the full screen to ground smack.
If anything, it's just hideous that they couldn't find anywhere else to stick it so they thought "Oh let's just cut the speaker in half! No one will notice!"
No kidding. There's never any advertising for WP and if MS really cared about the US the phone would be available on the biggest carrier in the country. I'm pretty sure MS just doesn't care about the WP anywhere.
I got a refurb Pentax K50 and 2 lenses from Amazon for ~$150 less than the going rate. Other than the original box being kinda gnarled (put back together with packing tape) everything looked brand new. No issues with the camera, lenses are perfect, and all the accessories are included. At least with refurbs you know the company has taken some time to check the product over and they're always returnable if something is wrong.
Yeah, it's cool this might happen with a big-name Android phone but Windows Phones have had this feature for a long time and, to my knowledge, almost all (if not all) of them are usable on at least AT&T. 
c720 is the perfect size for me. It's super light, very portable, and is comfortable on my lap or when I'm chilling in bed. I use mine for general web surfing, netflix, and sometimes going all Linux on it.


I have a 15.6" laptop and it feels massive in comparison. Heavy, way wider than my lap, and is too big to just have lying around. That one has to stay on the desk. PITA to bring with me anywhere. My c720 goes with me everywhere because it fits into every bag/backpack I own.
http://www.ncaa.com/news/basketball-men/article/2015-11-13/college-basketball-these-are-states-most-players-top-25-teams

Seems like it's Texas/California/Indiana.

Here's one from two years ago. Texas/California/Illinois for actual numbers.
http://mode.github.io/blog/2014-01-21-basketball-hometowns/index.html#
Yeah, when it first came out it was spun like Harrison was some vigilante for the neighborhood. Cool, but still murder.
In the US, it can be tricky in some areas. There was a news story (Louisiana or Alabama I'm pretty sure) where the State requires an ID to vote that you have to get from the BMV but the State decided to close all but a couple of BMVs and almost all of them were located in low-income areas - areas where you may not have a car and can't drive 2 hours to the nearest BMV to get an ID. People against strict ID laws also say it messes with the elderly as a lot of them don't tend to keep identification.


Like most things in US politics, the parties will screw with the laws as much as possible to get their side elected. Some States have pushed to make it to where you have to have a driver's license or State issued voting ID (again, only attainable at the BMV). Others are more lax and you can use things like a Student ID to vote. It's really one of those areas where there needs to be something done across the board at the Federal level.
I mean, the "no-iron" dress shirts are paper thin and absolutely awful at wrinkling. I've also bought a lot of their cardigans and sweaters and they are super flimsy. But you get what you pay for - especially when you shop their clearance sections.
Overcharging and recommending expensive surgeries and treatments when they aren't necessary are two I've heard a lot of stories about.

Like, if your dog is limping the vet might recommend a full gambit of tests that can run over $1000 when in reality the dog just needs to sleep for a day or two.
Not the OP, but you can google some of the shady shit vets have pulled. 


I know one of the big ones is amputation. I had a family friend whose dog tore his ACL. The vet immediately recommended amputation as "the ACL would never heal right." In reality, a lot of dogs just have to chill for a few months and they're fine. Same with older animals who have a limb injury come up. Some vets will recommend your 15 year old dog get a leg amputated even though the dog is already on its deathbed.
>Unsatisfied with the profits from drug dealing, he bought a hot dog cart and sold hot dogs in the parking lot to hungry club-goers. He cleared $300 per night from this hot-dog stand alone, and it provided a great opportunity for him to launder his drug money.


I appreciate the food trucks that are right outside clubs and bars. Smart man.
This was so annoying with our wedding. My now in-laws paid for it, but they refused to look at the "cheap" options. Everything had to be the most expensive option and in the end, a lot of the vendors were really shitty and disappointing. Late about everything, refusing to respond to inquiries, poor taste (*everything* just had to be cliche and tacky), just all around bad service.


But at least they were the most expensive!
To be fair, the Jags are relatively new and the Texans are the baby team of the league. The Titans/Oilers though...
Most of it comes down to how it feels in the hands. I bought the K50 simply because it felt the best in my hands.  The k50 is arguably the best bang (dual wheels, in-body stabilization, pentaprism viewfinder, and weather sealed) but it's also way heavier than the d3300. The d3300 will have higher MP and will be better at video (the K50 is pretty cruddy at video). Getting used lenses for Pentax is also harder than with Nikon/Canon since it's not as popular. 

Nikon/Canon will have more niche lenses if you get really serious, but Pentax also has a huge list of old K-mount lenses you can buy for cheap. What also gets overlooked is, while Pentax does have less niche lenses, Pentax bodies have in-body stabilization so Pentax doesn't need to make IS/non-IS variants for their lenses. It's one reason why Nikon/Canon have twice as many lenses.

I'll always argue for Pentax. I think a lot of hobbyists overlook it because the pros tend to stick with Nikon/Canon but someone who never plans on going pro will likely never get serious enough to where they see the benefits of Nikon/Canon over Pentax.
It's pretty widespread at this point. Nearly all of the south half of Indiana has a heroin/HIV problem every few counties. It's mostly poverty at this point - a lot of the really small towns that depended on factory work have just died and people are turning to drugs.  You see it a lot in places like Connersville where there's no big city anywhere around. It's tough for people to find jobs when everything in town has closed.
And the east central area isn't even the worst. Southern Indiana (around Scottsburg) is really bad. 


From Rushville - I always had to hate Connersville but it is sad to see how quickly it's going to complete hell there.  Rushville isn't much better but it doesn't seem to have as much issues with work closing up.
[Yup](http://fallout.wikia.com/wiki/Butcher_Pete_(Part_1)
Apparently they can but a moot can be called. I thought it was Elisif that said this but it was actually Sybille, the court mage:

"By Nord custom, once the challenge was issued in court, Torygg had no choice but to accept. Had he not, Ulfric would have had cause to call a new moot and a new vote for High King. Torygg had some martial training, of course, but it mattered little that day. When Ulfric's lips parted, when he unleashed the power of the Thu'um... That Shout, that ancient and terrible tongue... Ripped Torygg asunder."

From what I would assume, if Torygg had declined the duel then Ulfric could have claimed it was a sign of weakness and would have likely had enough Jarls back him to force a moot.  I'm guessing a moot can be called anytime but there'd be little support for one if people didn't have reason to doubt the High King.
Dammit do I have to drive to Jungle Jim's to get this amazing-sounding drink?
Well obviously not. I've only bullied my way to becoming the leader of 3 guilds in just a couple of days, not all of them. 
Empire is full of cowards. The Empire is just playing puppet to the Thalmor until the Thalmor get tired and crush the Empire for good. The Stormcloaks know this and won't sit around waiting for it to happen. Hell, I'm pretty sure there's a conversation where Tullius even admits that the Thalmor could end the Empire whenever they wanted to.
Psh, you left out the best part of the Nord armor. The Carved Helmet is the best looking vanilla helmet in the game imo. 
Elisif says that the High King cannot refuse a duel from a Jarl, which I take to mean he/she can tell anyone else to go away. You've also got to think in real life where the average citizen who's got bloodlust would likely never be able to go near the High King anyway. Nords respect tradition. I could see the average citizen would be more likely to challenge their respective Jarl to a dual (if that's even allowed). 

The point is, in a culture that is all about combat and the warrior spirit, your king should be one of the best fighters in the land. Just like today, the High King should be a figurehead of the land and the advisers are there to help the King lead in political aspects. If your culture is all about being strong, proud, and a strong warrior, your King should reflect that. And you can bet that if Torygg had defeated Ulfric no one would have challenged him again. He'd have shown his power.
Kind of. Jarl Elisif says a High King cannot refuse a challenge from a Jarl, which I'm assuming means he can refuse anyone else. 
That's the problem with the Stormcloaks and you see it in a lot of conversations with people. Ulfric clearly is doing all of it as a power grab but it seems like a lot of Nords really do want an independent Skyrim. It's really conflicting to choose the Stormcloaks when you know Ulfric is just power-hungry and would likely not even be the best choice for High King.
Tullius is just as much of a dick though. If you actually listen to him he's also xenophobic and he shits on Nord customs pretty much every time you interact with him. 
Utter hatred of the Thalmor would be another one. No way I can side with anyone who is "allied" with them. I've done 4 or 5 different characters and all of them kill the Thalmor patrols on sight. 
It's the crossroads for a reason. Everything in the Midwest is less than 4 hours away.  I guess if I lived in St. Louis though it'd be weird to root for a team that's two states away. 
Seriously. For the price, there is nothing more durable than the K-50. $400 nowadays gets you the K-50 with 2 weathersealed zoom kit lenses. The K-50 can be a little hefty but it also feels fantastic in the hands. The grip is so ergonomic. 


People also fail to mention that Pentax bodies have in-body stabilization from the get go so you don't have to hunt for lenses with stabilization. 

I took my K-50 to a soccer match the week I got it and it started pouring rain. Felt so nice to still be able to take pictures and not worry about rain and I didn't need anything more than what came with the kit. 
For your third question, I use a normal backpack with a padded insert.  [I bought this one and it's great.](http://www.amazon.com/Ape-Case-Cubeze-Interior-Cameras/dp/B009GA6D2Y/ref=sr_1_6?s=photo&ie=UTF8&qid=1452533654&sr=1-6&keywords=insert) It fits perfectly snug into the bottom of a bag I had and it fits my K-50, 50-200 zoom, and 18-35 zoom. I've also got a pancake lens that sits in there (though it does get tight). 


Take what you will as someone who's really, really casual about photography, but I haven't really used filters. I hear the cheap ones can mess with the quality of your picture.  The one big accessory that's been helpful for me is a remote shutter release. Makes it so easy to take pictures when the camera is on a tripod and you want to avoid any shaking.
Eh, I took it for what it was - a bunch of famous people just dicking around and singing Christmas songs. I didn't know we were supposed to expect it to be groundbreaking or anything.
You guys really do care about us! Almost as much as the Jets!
It's just a bullshit circlejerk. Just like it's the New England Brady's when the Pats win the Super Bowl, but it's a *team loss* when the Pats don't win the Super Bowl. 

And yes, I'm singling out the Pats because it's their fans who spew this shit the most. 
This hits a lot of my reasonings for not moving beyond the C720. It's my reddit and email machine. I don't want to pay even $50 more for better resolution. I don't need Full HD to browse Reddit. I store nothing more than a few pictures so I don't need more than 16gb. Plus my C720 is solidly built. It's been dropped and thrown more times than I can count with nothing more than some scratches and chips to the shell. 


I'd be interested in seeing how many people have secondary computers. If all I had was a Chromebook then I could see the need for better specs. But when your Chromebook is your 2nd (or 3rd) choice for a computer all you need is the barebones.
Shit, 6 years of cross country ruined my legs and I'm 25. I can't run more than a mile or two without weeks worth of stinging pain now.
Oh god I need to add the Dungeon Fog Remover. I can run the game on Medium but when I walk into a place with mist or fog it just wrecks everything. FPS drops below 10. 


Thank you - I've been meaning to find a mod for that for a while now.
Fan here who has the opnion of the players - people are being complete morons about this whole thing. Last year we said it was all Pep's fault and Pep got fired this year and the offense actually looked much better under Chud with Hasselbeck. We haven't seen a healthy Luck with Chud. Grigson gets shit on by general NFL fans because he picked Dorsett. Pagano may struggle with adjustments or it might have been Pep sucking. 


If the idea was that Pep wasn't the right fit and then the rest of the season was a carousel of QBs, why clean house after a .500 season? Do we really want to risk the Colts becoming the 49ers? I sure as hell don't. If the Colts still suck next year with Chud and a healthy Luck then do something. 
I feel like I would like living in Minnesota. Jackets don't get worn until it's in the teens darnit.
Which is probably why they didn't get rid of him. There's no other coaches available that you'd really want. Most of the ones who got fired were even worse.
Next year it might take 10+ wins if the Texans and Jags continue to trend upwards.
I guess it would depend. On my phone, 200 MB is Redditing for a couple hours a day for about a week. Not something you want to rely on, but it would be nice for those times you're between WiFi. 
I've been using it since Black Friday. Definitely hangs up sometimes but it's unbeatable for $10.
My mom's is the same. Goes apeshit when she can't go out and mom is forced to let her outside. She just loves the outside more. I have 2 cats though and neither of them even like being outside. One will sometimes wander a few feet from the back door but will start meowing to go back in almost immediately. I prefer it that way. I've lost a cat to a coyote and one to a truck - I like my furballs inside.


Cats are funny like that.
Seriously, this is why the NFL will try to sweep it under the rug. If this gets dragged out we're going to see a shit ton of stars go down. Ya know, those players who miraculously came back from injuries early which is like half of NFL players. Be ready for players like AD and Romo to be talked about.
After a few weeks of near losses, I absolutely crushed my matchup this week and won 154.60-82.36. Martavis is the only one who let me down.
4: Julio, Hopkins, Yeldon, and Hill.

Yeldon sat on my bench until Charles went down. Jones and Hopkins have been godsends. I don't think I'll get this lucky next year. Definitely won on the WW though - Palmer, Miller, and Reed with Denver/Houston D's
*anywhere in Iowa. 


For some reason these are strangely an Indiana/Iowa thing.
Just google any hometown diner. They all serve this. There's gotta be a place somewhere in Jeffersonville.


Edit: There's probably places in Louisville also. Most dives or grills would probably have one. Culver's has them but they aren't as massive.
"From whom?"


"Just...everyone! No draft this year!"
Yeah, that's honestly why I don't see this getting pursued. Can people honestly tell me that big-name players like AD and Gronk didn't use HGH to heal up? There's no way someone with as many injuries as Gronk is totally clean either. If they go after Manning it might get ugly depending on how far the league wants to take it.
Because he doesn't have a fucking victim complex like way too many Pats fans. Yeah, the media was retarded and dragged out something as stupid as deflated footballs, but this has nothing to do with that. 


Brady's name isn't on this so it's a non-issue but like usual we'll all have to hear bullshit after bullshit and know that, secretly, Pats fans want Brady to be involved also so they can run around screaming, "SEE LOOK! They're being meaner to Brady!"
Am I the only who's had good experiences at Best Buy with Chromebooks? All the ones around me still keep their Chromebooks at the end of the aisle right at the start of the laptop area. Never see stuff tucked away in a back corner (that's all the Targets near me). 


Last time I went into a Best Buy I saw a guy working with 3 different families on which Chromebooks to buy (I was snooping on the conversations looking for my own). Maybe they push the Stream a little more since it's comparably priced, but I've only had good things to say.
Same. I worked at Best Buy for a few months and the guy who trained me worked in appliances. He knew his shit. Knew the in's and out's of every appliance the store had, knew which had the best reviews and what was wrong with those with bad reviews. He did his homework. 


It's kind of weird. Most of the people that worked in our store knew what they were talking about and would recommend all ranges of products. 
Unless you're a dipshit like me and you don't notice the small ribbon on the right side and break the connector that actually makes the screen turn on...*sigh*

Otherwise it's very easy to do. Just have to be very alert of all the ribbons and screws and wires.
It's not particularly common in the States. Most individual states stopped teaching cursive years ago. 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.lx.launcher8&hl=en
I just prefer cleaner lines and lighting.  The OPs is choppy on some place whereas the other has very clean lighting and straight exposure lines. The ghosting is likely from the brighter light and more stuff in the background.
Exactly. The next 2 can try new things but the this one definitely just came off as a "you're going to get good ole' Star Wars for the reboots."
I don't want to ruin how good it looks. Maybe when I'm better.
and for reference on a cooler looking version of the OP's pic, here's one of the top posts on /r/itookapicture from /u/wephoto:

http://i.imgur.com/uRLMjX4.jpg
Yes, but I'm not stupid enough to form my opinion on a candidate off a TV show that only loosely borrowed the political career of said candidate.
Same. I'll throw my vote in for Bernie on the primary but will happily vote for Clinton. Although I kind of wish O'Malley was more popular - I really like what I hear from him.
No problem! It's technically a mirrorless and seems to be a very love/hate kind of camera with people (mostly design-wise). Unlike a lot of mirrorless that have smaller lenses, the K01 uses Pentax K lenses (the ones you find on a DSLR) so you get a really good selection of lenses without needing adapters. The drawback to that is it is slightly bigger than most mirrorless cameras.
Pentax K01? Every once in a while used/refurbs dip near $200
Thank you. I tried drinking the memories of that season away. 
It's sad. It was a weird signing in the off-season anyway but I don't think anyone expected him to drop off as hard as he did. We've got a crazy good group of WRs who are way younger and cheaper. 
Shit, that'd be one of the highlights of the Texans as a franchise.

Edit: Alright I lost - I forgot the Texans have 2 playoff wins. But seriously, it'd have to be a huge deal for the franchise to beat the Colts at home finally. The Texans are 4-22 against the Colts and 0-13 @ Indy.  The Texans franchise is young - beating one of your biggest rivals (divisional rival at that) on the road after 14 tries would have to be satisfying.
True but the Texans are bad against the Colts. Like, historically bad. They haven't beaten the Colts in 3 years. They lost to the Colts when Curtis Painter was the QB. I think the Texans will win but even with clipboard jesus the Colts still have a good chance.
Does he really get praised? I always felt like it was assumed he was just good enough to stay in the NFL but was never really amazing.  He was average for pretty much his entire NFL career.
Truth - I had no idea who actually made the catch but I'll always remember the play. 
Yeah, not even close to an opinion - straight up fact. Edge was one of the best backs in the NFL when he played and is one of the best yardage backs in history.

11th in yards


19th in rushing TDs (but hard to get rushing TDs when PFM was a TD machine)
Those cons are totally pros. Friends and F&tF? Dayum.
Yup. As others have said, depending on your camera phone you may not notice a massive difference between a camera phone and a P&S. Honestly, with a lot of the $500-range DSLRs you wouldn't even notice a huge difference under the right conditions. But a good P&S will have a lot more range and should do better in lower light conditions. 
It depends on whether you really want a DSLR or not. If you don't plan on getting too deep into photography and just need something for vacations, a DSLR can be hefty and you may find the lens(es) aren't what you want for a shot. P&S is nice because you don't have to worry about changing lenses. I think /u/oneharp has a good idea with the Nikon Coolpix L840. My mom just got this and it's a great camera and usually less than $200.


You don't want to spend $300 for a used DSLR and 1 lens only to find you need to spend another $100 to get a lens you actually want/need.
You mean like that season where Rodgers kept missing games and the Lions still threw away the division?
Manning is only 1% behind Brees apparently.

http://www.pro-football-reference.com/leaders/pass_cmp_perc_career.htm
Isn't that what the "Switch Window" button does? Or very similar? It doesn't cycle through but it shows everything you have open.
I'm actually scared but I accepted several weeks ago that the Colts may not see the playoffs. 
Interesting that only one of those teams have beat the  Colts in the last 3 years. Someone needs to build better.
No kidding. The Jags had some really good years in the mid-2000s but...PFM.

Never forget - 2007 AFCS - 75% win % outside of the division.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Template:2007_AFC_South_standings
Seriously, and Pentax has the little things you find on intermediate-level cameras but for the cost of entry-level. Like the K50 has two dials - I don't think I could live with just 1. It makes changing things up so quick. 


They also tend to be cheap. For $500 USD, I ended up getting a refurb K50, 18-55 WR, 50-200 WR, and a 40 2.8 pancake. If I ever planned on being serious and doing something high end, I might go with something else - but Pentax has the same "regular" lenses that every other brand has.
And $800 million worldwide. http://www.boxofficemojo.com/movies/?id=independenceday.htm


OP is just being stupid. Independence Day is not objectively bad at all. 
I think it's as close as we'll see. The problem is there's still a couple dominating teams. Every one is just decent.
The Pixel is pretty much the status symbol of Chromebooks. It's also powerful for being a chromebook and has a killer build, but to all but the most hardcore Chromebook fans it's not worth it
And that's old Freeney's spin move. It was amazing to watch in his prime years.
You obviously haven't been around for the rise of online textbooks. Still cost $100-$200 and there is no selling them back. You "rent" an online book for one semester and pay that much. And this is for every subject - Business, Math, History, Science...that's why the "expensive textbook" rhetoric is rising - because online text is becoming very popular and it's expensive. 

overweight is super easy to hit. A 5'10" person who weighs 175 pounds is considered overweight. In reality, that person might have a very slight chub but barely noticeable.
Can you still do the registry coupon for the 15% off? If I'm doing the math right, the registry coupon + carthwheel + REDcard would mean the cheaper bundles would be around $205. 
Depends. I got a Chromebook for the size factor so 11.6" was what I actually wanted with mine. I take mine with me pretty much everywhere so I wanted it to fit in any bag I may be using (messenger, camera bag, luggage bag). I also wanted it to last forever on battery and don't particularly like Full HD screens so I opted for a small HD screen. I'm obviously in the minority though - most seem to prefer bigger and better screens. 

If neither matter to you at all, bigger screen might be better since 10 hours vs. 13 hours really makes little difference when they both last that long. With normal usage (2-4 hours a day) my c720 can last 4-5 days without needing to charge and it's only rated at 8.5 hours of battery life.
Can anyone recommend this? I'm using the C720 2GB and have been thinking of upgrading. Is there any big difference between the two?
Or, like this comment thread is saying, they have a parent who is a lawyer or is connected to a lawyer. 

-has a lawyer friend who works with a great law firm because his dad's name is on the building
The NBA also just comes off as much more "star-dependent" than any other league. I feel like unless you really follow a team, you can name maybe 1 player on each NBA team. There's just not as much excitement for me.
It's funny how quickly things change in pro sports. 3-4 weeks ago people were shitting on Wilson and saying how overrated he is because he had a couple of bad games.  Almost like people are a little too reactionary. 
Or a big bird wipes them out. 
Or you have cute fluffy cats and they get nabbed by idiots who think they are strays. That's happened more recently in my area.
Same. I used to talk to little kids and classrooms and I swear, a good 75% of them carried the little Minecraft pocket guide with them *everywhere*. When I would talk to them about what they wanted to do when they grew up, most everyone would give their response and say it was because of Minecraft - construction, blowing stuff up, architect, engineering. Minecraft is *everywhere* and kids go apeshit for it. 


I used to ask them to make up a college and every single classroom would have 2-3 kids make "Minecraft College" or something related to Minecraft. I also talked to a ton of kids - 2 or 3 classrooms a week for 5 months. Minecraft seems to be inescapable in the elementary schools. 
Is yours the 4 GB? You could always look to upgrade to a 4GB Chromebook. I hear it makes a world of difference for some users.  Granted you'll still have to pay around $250 for a used one...might not be worth it.
Same. I also surprisingly love it. I've stopped using my Icon. I really like smaller screens...
i'm in the same boat. The only thing I would consider is a 720P or the new Flip. The 720 is snappy and quick enough where anything non-touchscreen just doesn't seem like an upgrade.
Why not just get the first two used? They're like $10 bucks each on Amazon.
As someone who sent their Gamepad off to get repaired and then bought Splatoon...you need the gamepad for it unfortunately. I'd just return the console
Right - I've only gotten messages so far. The buyer notified me that they can't return it but need $30 (shocker that it's going down) to fix the phone.
Thanks for that advice.  I asked him if he tried updating it but made it clear I'll only do a full refund. Hopefully he sends it back or I don't hear from him again. 
God I'm in the same boat. Have college degree and 9-6, salaried office job and I wish I could go back to my shipping/receiving job in a warehouse. Office jobs are so boring.
Ours was everything that was sports or a school activity. Want to go to prom? You had to sign off saying you would be part of the random drug testing pool. It was bullshit.
No kidding. There are a ton of slim fit shirt options in XS, S, and M still. For less than $20? Killer sale.
I think that's where the subjective calling comes into play and once again makes it a problem. How long is too long of a hold before it should be flagged when the defender is doing the rip technique. I would guess most defenders try to hold just as long as possible in those situations.
That's what I tend to notice as well. It seems like most holding calls happen when the defender goes down. 
$20. Nothing special.
One of the best examples. Co-op mode was so fleshed out - completely different maps and challenges to complete. 
Guess that could be it too. Maybe it really is just the perfect nickname to describe everything about him.
I was listening to the Colts radio and it was hilarious. Bob Lamey was losing it on pretty much every flag thrown and calling bullshit. I didn't get any of the game on TV but it sounded like all but 1 or 2 flags were made up.
I can never tell...are you really asking this? If so:

http://www.grocery.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/CLAUSSEN1.jpg
Andre Johnson. He's become non-existent in the offense. Moncrief is pretty clearly the #2 guy now. 
Except for the actual console. $250 for the 32GB with Splatoon and Smash is amazing.  Target's looks like it was online for the longest - Walmart's has been in-store.
How is MH4U camera wise? I know MH3U was a pain without a CPP - is MH4 equally as annoying on the 3DS XL? Or is it better to have a CPP or N3DS?
Dqwell is also #1 in tackles in the NFL right now which is pretty cool. He's definitely playing lights out this season which is funny because we all shit on him in the offseason.
Right but put yourself in the shoes of a Browns fan...since the team came back into existence no one has been able to "fill the role in the future." Manziel at least looks like he can be a good QB - that's something that Browns haven't really seen. It's tough to think that you can just find a QB when you're team is batting...what...0-20 on QBs?
True. If Manziel was a top 5 qb no one outside the media would give a shit. As it is...when you're a new QB who has substance abuse problems and have always been a media magnet...you don't get a pass like Gronk.
Nope, just like everyone here bitching about the Browns organizations has no source either. No one knows what the Browns said to him and I doubt we ever find out. 


I would guess though that an NFL head coach wouldn't bench a clear starter just because he didn't like him. Most people don't commit career suicide for shits 'n gigs.
And? If his employer said "don't drink, party, or make us look stupid" and he went and drank and partied...why's the law matter? Looks like he didn't listen to the organization's requests so he's seeing the punishment for that.
If he got demoted to 3rd string qb, ima take a guess and say he was told to stay away from parties and drinking. 
Question is - would your friend who likes RPGs buy a Wii U just for Xenoblade?


Nintendo isn't stupid - Xenoblade isn't a system seller. It'll be one of very, very few good RPGs for the Wii U. No one is going to buy the console just for 1 game.
Yup. 1 RPG isn't going to make people buy a new console when the big rumor is that the console is probably going to be replaced in the next year. Games like Mario Kart and Smash are system sellers and worth the marketing costs, just like Halo is the system seller for Xbox and gets marketed the most. 


No point in wasting the money on heavy marketing for a game that very few people outside of the Nintendo bubble will care about.
I don't know. Colts are in that weird position they were in 2 years ago - mediocre against shit teams but competitive against the good teams. If the Pass D continues to improve I think they will really have a shot at getting 1 playoff win.


I think the AFCS hate was overrated. The Jags have been competitive in all but 1 or 2 games this year and the Texans have been clicking since getting rid of Mallett. I wouldn't be surprised to see 2 AFCS teams in the playoffs. 
It was 28 degrees here this morning. I had to put a light cardigan on. 


I love cold weather. I don't break out legit jackets until it's in the teens.
That or Nintendo sells refurbs for $200. No games included but $200 isn't bad if you want to avoid any black friday shenanigans. 
Agreed. They need to push the software and cameras instead of the apps. Seriously, the camera on the 950 is absolutely amazing and should be a must buy for anyone who values the camera above all else. 


But just reassuring everyone that Google services and Snapchat still isn't available? Poor move.
It does matter how it's asked. Sexual assault isn't only rape. It also includes unwanted touching. So drunk guy grabs a girl's boob = sexual assault. It does't excuse the high percentage but it's crazy that people legitimately think that a fourth of college females are getting raped. 
During the interview he said he assumed he would get called for an illegal catch and went down to avoid a fumble. 
At 40 years old, Hasselbeck may well be top half in the league for QBs. So funny. That game was all about the defense though - very impressed this game.


That and Freeman going out. Hopefully it's nothing bad.
I had an i7 Satellite that cost$1000 and it was utter shit. Just made it a year before all the intervals had given out
Opposite for me. Bought a $1000 Satellite. Hard drive gave out after 6 months, motherboard after 1 year. I didn't even do anything intensive with it, it was just a huge dud.
That's what I thought. I've played through standard Skyrim back when it first came out but haven't touched it in years. Might be a good time to spend hundreds of hours of my life again. 
That's what I've been trying to figure with the new gen consoles.

An xbox one is $210 right now, the controller would be another $50, with a used game being around $30-$40. Would it just be better to wait until the post-thanksgiving sales and snag the bundles that are rumored for $300-$350?
It's this a good price for Skyrim? I feel like I haven't seen it for much cheaper.
Maybe, but the current packages don't give you everything.  For instance, with our current cable with Comcast we have a 45(?) channel package and get stuff like Comedy Central and Food Network, but we don't get channels like FX, TNT, or HGTV. None of those are niche channels and it's super weird. If we upped our package, we have to add like 45 more channels (with 5 or 6 big name channels only) for like $20 more a month. Depending on the price of a la carte, I'd much rather be able to pick the handful of (popular) channels I actually watch instead of being forced to pay for 90 channels at ridiculous prices. 


Hey! ...yeah, you're right.
That's...really sad.
Well the AFCS gets shit on so hard I want the other teams to do well. It'd be a kick in the pants to the Colts organization. ^plus ^our ^shitty ^team ^gets ^a ^better ^draft ^pick.
Except anything can happen. Both of the #2 seed competitors lost to AFCS teams. Any given Sunday. Trap games. Trap games everywhere!
Especially when they somehow make it to the AFC Championship game. :D
Well our season is over so now the Colts fans will disperse and pick their AFCS-bro.


And yes, I know Luck *can* come back later this season but he really shouldn't...and there are 3 other NFL teams in the AFCS - Hasselbeck should not be able to get us to the playoffs....right?
I'd argue best defensive players ever. Bob alone was the difference between #1 D in the league to league average D. If there was ever a defensive player you could argue was the most valuable player on a team, it was him. 
He's Peyton Manning. A lot of the great QBs go out like this. Hell, Brady has already said he's playing until he gets sucks enough to get benched. I would bet Manning knew the wheels were falling off but it can't be easy to just stop and retire.
You have to wonder if it's the injuries still. If every single throw causes pain in different parts of your body...that's gotta take a huge mental toll.


I feel so bad for him. You can see how much the game means to him and it has to be an absolute travesty to him that his body can't keep up. I'd say his reads aren't that bad but his throws just can't do what his head is thinking. Like how most of his INTs came off low throws or lobs. A good QB could make most of those throws but his body can't handle them.
God damn.
Easily my favorite gif of the season. The raw emotion and happiness. 
It's funny looking at the comments. It's 50/50 on whether or not people thinks it's a catch. Makes you really wonder whether it's fair to constantly shit on the officials for calls when every armchair GM/coach/ref in the game threads can't even decide what's a catch.
Sucks about Peyton but it happens to the QBs who don't retire on their own terms. Hell, even Brady has already stated he's going out that way.
Penalties aside, it is really fun watching Bortles and the Allens.
Taste maybe? I don't know. Personally, I think sea salt has a much different taste than kosher salt that I'm not a huge fan of. 
Eh, I still enjoy it. He's not Jon, but the writing is still pretty much the same.  


I hate the Nightly Show though. That's the one that could get cancelled and no one would care.
Yeah, am I weird? I was totally engrossed with the storyline in NV. 
iirc, you want to have around 3 months worth of income in savings as your emergency fund. After 3 months or so worth it's not really necessary. 
>Titans this is your chance!

If Mariota stays healthy I think it's theirs to lose. 

God dammit...
Definitely this. Nabbit can't die unless he falls down gaps (pretty sure), so she can run along with you and kill stuff but won't die by hitting mobs and things like spikes. 
It's honestly not bad, the problem is when both players are using the characters with huge animations like Wizzro and Lana. Then the FPS lag hits haaard. When we played as sword Link and Zelda though it wasn't usually too bad. It's still a joke that it happens though on a modern console. 
Looks like he had a guy in a choke hold
Feelsbadman...although his Defense totally did it to him.
Looked like he choke held him...jesus christ what a screw up
How is that not immediate ejection? He straight up stabbed his eye
Mariota is good. I hope the Titans actually learn to take care of him. 
Most stadiums (especially indoor ones) are actually used more for non-NFL events. It's more versatile to have concrete. The problem is...it should have been covered turf or something - not just left empty.
Lamar Miller is my saviour
I work at a community college and we're lucky.  We work well with the big University in my city and offer transfer paths for engineering and computer programs.


You have to check because a lot of community colleges don't offer that. 
For $80 I'll try it out. Only thing I'm on the fence about is it looks kinda clunky. 
You can also go in store. Just have the code ready. I went in to add a line to get the bonus and it took all of 30 minutes to trade-in, get g4, and get everything settled. 
I just added a new line. Extra $20 a month. I think you only have to pay 1 cycle before you can close the line. 
Shitty playcalling honestly. Need way less bombs downfield and way more quick flat throws. The playcalling with Hasselbeck in was pretty good - I don't know why they abandoned that. 
Honestly, Eli is the QB I'd compare Luck to right now. We've seen how shitty Eli can be with a bad team around but we've all seen how amazing he is with a competent team and coaching. 


People were saying the exact comments we're seeing in this thread about Eli. But I'd still take Eli as a QB any day over most QBs in the league.
Once the Panther D-line wasn't getting to him every play (and the refs gave up calling holding on the O line) he was okay. 


He's definitely sucked this year but the combo of a terrible, penalty prone O line and his injuries has really messed with his head. 
Yeah, I know this is /r/nfl and it's anti-Luck season, but too few people aren't acknowledging the real problem - Luck is just fucked up mentally. Constant bad O-line, bad injuries, and he's been built up as the only thing the Colts have. His mental game is a complete mess and I think it's sign of shitty coaching that no one seems to be there to help him with that. 
Exactly. Look at last night once the Panther D-line was gassed. Luck looked a lot like himself from past seasons. 

Injuries and poor O-line don't excuse his shitty performance, but I think the combination of both has really messed with him in a way that's pretty clear to see. We've seen it in a lot of QBs who are injured or have bad O-lines. The mental aspects of the game can really fuck with players. 


Luck is playing injured with a terrible O line, bad play calling, and still feels the need to throw the team on his back. I honestly think him being benched to recover would really help his mental issues. 
Past performances carry huge weight. People are still high on Luck carrying the team the first two seasons just like people will always remember the 2 seasons or so where Eli had INT problems. 
And I guarantee that Apple, Google, Dropbox and whatever else cloud services do the exact same thing. You're backing data up on their servers - you can guarantee all of those companies are looking at what you upload. 
And? You do know that every single one of those cloud services are looking through everything right? You think almighty Google isn't parsing through everything on GDrive?


It's not the most important part because no one should really be surprised. 
I hope they sit him. But then Hasselbeck will die...oh god poor Indy QBs.
According to PFF that'd be a great trade for the Colts. 
Mathis so far though has been...meh.
No regrets so far. The keyboard sucks hard compared to WP but that's my only real gripe. The knock to wake/sleep it's awesome. I don't know how I feel about the buttons being on the back but it's growing on me. 

The camera is definitely a stepup on the 930/1520. Not much, but it's noticeable

At the price though I can just sell this and make quite a bit after its all said and done.
That's the weird thing about /r/Android and these little forums and communities in general. Coming to this sub you would think the general population wants 4.7" screens forever but clearly the general population wants the exact opposite. 
For me it was cost. Verizon was running a promo where you got $300 off for trading in any phone, $100 for buying a G4, and LG has a promo (that ends today I think) where you get $200 Visa card for buying a G4. In total you get $600 for getting a phone that costs $552 plus the $20 line access for Verizon. 


After I receive the rebate I'll end up paying nothing to get a G4.  All I had to do was trade in my 635 which was my side phone anyway and pay for 1 month of service. 
Weird. Miss the square UI - Android feels more space-y. Maybe there's different skins or launchers though. I don't get the hate for the LG skin - it seems pretty cool to me. There's not a ton of bloatware on LG's side but Verizon threw in 10 apps I can't remove...


I used an HTC M8 Android until earlier this year so Android isn't completely foreign to me at least. 
Just bought a G4 and have to say it's pretty awesome. Came back from a Windows Phone so I think the G4's skin is pretty cool - but I have no idea what any others look like. 
Agreed. Been rooting for the Jags for weeks now. The Colts don't deserve the playoffs. I'm tired of middling playoff performances. A miss on the playoffs with an offense of our caliber? Easiest way to get the coaches all canned - which they should be. 

GO JAGS! ... I feel dirty.  But really - their franchise is unnecessarily shit on. They were a great team and have just had a really rough last 5 years. 
Honestly, I want the Jags to win the division. I think the Colts need to miss the playoffs to really get their shit together.  


The Jags big problem seems to be just not keeping up in the second half. They've blown what...3 4th quarter leads this season? Is it just that Gus isn't used to having leads and switches to prevent too early?
I don't get it. I really don't. We have to have one of the best groups of WRs in the league. How the hell do we have one of the worst offenses? Where's all the quick screens and flat throws since our Oline is so bad? It just makes no sense...our defense is terrible and still plays better than the offense.
Pretty sure that year the AFCS had the highest winning percentage for a division in NFL history. I think the NFCW beat it a year or two ago. 
I can't wait for the Colts/Giants Super Bowl. Someone will become the Supreme Leader of the Shit Empire.
http://adage.com/article/media/nfl-staggering-ad-prices-2015-16-season/300376/


Apparently the average cost for an NFL commercial is around half a million for 30 seconds.  At say...4-5 commercials per break, Yahoo would have needed 8-10 breaks. 
>Your post embodies the essence of this thread.

Truth. Ask the average NFL fan who runs more - Bortles or Geno. 
They have wasted his career. He has amazing stats, but the Chargers can't even make deep playoff runs. Shit they can barely make the playoffs.  You put Rivers on half the teams in the NFL and he'd be contending for Super Bowls every year. 
In hindsight...they weren't wrong. Look at how wasted River's career has been.

Edit: I guess I should explain. That's more of a slight on the Chargers than Rivers. I don't think Rivers is bad at all - actually the opposite. I think the Mannings were right though that the Chargers organization is a joke. If you put Rivers on half the teams in the NFL he would have multiple deep playoff runs but as it is, the Chargers struggle to even make the playoffs.  Rivers is too good for that front office. 