Did that one post equate Sasha and Carmella to prostitutes?
It's just from one writer of HIMYM though... Her husband. And he wrote later season episodes...
Not when the first Mortal Kombat movie exists.
I love the Silent Hill movie, but it is *not* the only good video game movie...

The first Mortal Kombat movie is great in its own right.
Redemption!
Thank you for the heads up. I don't know the forthcoming MCU schedule so I had no idea.
I just saw it... They poofed away. How the fuck are they getting sequels?
Spoilers dammit.. I'm going to see it at 2...

JK, I am seeing it at 2 but that's awesome.
No woman has main evented Mania yet so how can you say "you wish she got to" as if someone else has.
And then ride a horse around the stadium cause he's been acting like he's saving Game 7.
Did Didi just tie Trout for MLB HR leader?
Aw Calhoun, I thought you were so good...
He'd need to have documented test failures for anything to show up on Google.
Oh my sweet summer child...

You wouldn't even believe me if I told you.
I'd like to get to the bottom... Nevermind.
This Calhoun guy has made some great plays but he is a HUUUGE cunt about it.

Huge.

Like dude... It's April, you're not saving Game 7.
Cass has to get the jump and get his legs vertical. He failed to do that.
"Play it 5 more times, dammit!"
Stanton trying to one-up Titus O'Neill with that slip...
Cass was the failure.
Cass had to get up for it and hold himself... He couldn't.
Cass almost crippled Cass... He should have been able to hold himself up.

It's on the recipient more than people think.
Honestly thankful there wasn't a ladder or like a support bar right there for Titus' fall cause that could have been really bad.

But he's fine so it was hilarious.
Cass couldn't hold himself up it seemed. Staying vertical is on the recipient more than people think.
Eliminated
Who TF was Bryan going chop for chop with? Damn.
He's got kids, he needs that trophy.
KA lose mass recently? He looks smaller than I remember.
I noticed that... Scared the shit of me but he seemed to roll just fine. 

Hopefully it's nothing serious.
Aiden is hurt? He looked fine before.
He hitting home runs for the Yankees?
Well he landed on Woods before so he did a thing.
Corey advocating murder...
It's Brock in a cage though...I expect a little brutality.
Taker needs a bigger hat... That mark on his forehead is distracting.
Pretty sure it's Greg Hamilton.
No.
It was a count out though.
Is there a goddamn beach ball?
Except AJ got 2 rounds of pyro.
An hour?
... But they did.
Some of the camera angles look like their cinematic cameras... I wish they'd experiment with their angles more.
Dead crowd?
Jeff went for Whisper in the Wind off the top... Mahal wasn't there at all and didn't get hit at all.

After Hardy landed, Mahal bumped like he took the blow. It looked terrible.
Did I see fire pyro before the cue?
Sgt. Slaughter died?
Well, there are those of us watching from home.
They're not showing it to the crowd.
Saudi money.
1004 Lists
Mojo Rawley on the List twice... He's in danger.
It's the Big Show?
Jinder wtf was that... Never bump if he misses, even if it was your fault. GODDAMMIT.
Corey remembers the Kiss!
Not after tonight...

But yes, his was the only 40man Rumble.
Not Sexy Star, but his wife always wears a mask to the Hall of Fame.
What did he say?
HHH-Cena
Batista is secretly the greatest flyer in the history of the business, he just didn't want to risk it.
Did...did his dick scrape against the top rope?
Good Saudi things.
... You really think?
Damn that bruising on Cena's elbow...
This match is Vince's wet dream... Power shoves and a test of strength.

If HHH applies a nerve hold, I'll think Vince himself was the agent.
If it's on the Network, I gotta say yes.
For a second I thought he'd have a towel written in Arabic.
Yes, I honestly didn't know the language. Chalk it up to American ignorance.
"Roman Sucks! (but in ~~Saudi~~ Arabic)"

Vince: GODDAMMIT
I'm thinking 60sec and there won't be much more than 10 minutes of action after #50.
Nikolai Volkoff approves, comrade.
I figured theyd close with the Saudi anthem.
I miss watching wrestling in the afternoon so this will be a little nostalgic.
Sasha and Becky are gonna run in and wipe out the Rumble field and claim the ring as their own.
He's even got the damn helmet.
Did Braun grow out his mohawk?
I actually had today marked as off for a 3day weekend since my birthday was yesterday so GRR falling today was perfect.
Paul Heyman is there...
Filling out the prediction card is hard as shit because they haven't pushed anyone that seems like a shoe in for the Rumble.
I feel like that's a low number.
Sydney native?
"Shinsuke kick your ass...

Shinsuke kick your face...

Shinsuke kick your balls into outer space!"
You just want to be dong height next to Judge, Didi, Hicks and Sanchez.
If only, my man.
I love Norton's take on her accent.
I need every video clip, Sterling's stupid call and Suzyn's dumb founded response posted ASAP.
Jesus Christ how the hell...?
Critical of the show yet half your post history of promoting the existence of the show...

If you aren't directly marketing the show for YouTube, you're angling something out of it.
No, but Jeff Hardy did in TNA.
Just got off the phone after an hour... Were there any birthday chants for Judge?
Mine too! Happy birthday!
I turn 33 today... I think my wife is more excited for Judge's birthday. 

Or Kevin James'.

Or Channing Tatum's.

(We all share the same birthday)
Riott*
I somehow doubt they're turning to us for advice on their tour to Saudi Arabia.
I'm surprised I didn't pick up on that when the Classic was announced - Square cleared that to be a part of the Classic? That's actually really cool.
Marvel isn't my bag, but I know the feeling of having TFA spoiled for me a day or two before release - shit was posted on /r/squaredcircle... it actually pissed me off. I tried to go into the movie trying to forget what I'd read but I knew it was coming...I still wound up enjoying it, but I was still a little pissed about what was spoiled.

Best of luck to all the Marvel fans dodging spoilers like Anakin and Obi Wan dodging Sonic Bombs in the prequels...

And excelsior... whatever the fuck that means.
> 
> 

I'm gonna send this gif to my wife but her first question will be - where the hell is this from?

What happened 2 days ago?
She's practically Jessica Rabbit.
I'd be on board w/ Jinder wearing Rock's old track suits. 
3? I recall 2...

brb
I love Jake's heel theme - almost more than his famous one.
I don't get it and it's bugging me.
Excuse me... Your balls are showing.
Apparently a few people didn't get my sarcasm...
Scary Town...
It's entirely possible studios don't want to grant the rights to Netflix.
Those don't fit.
Shut up, Byron!

*::throws pencil::*
When did New Day start the pancake thing? During a lumberjack match. What do lumberjacks stereotypically eat? 

Pancakes.

That's literally where it came from. That's what Woods himself has said.
Ronda Rousey, the most famous female UFC fighter to-date...?

Never heard of her.
This one stings.
Just posted the same - I was hyped for the idea, but the world was just kinda bland.
Personally, I was really hyped for Watch Dogs 1... I loved the idea, and it was fun for a little while, but it just had no hook to keep me playing. The world wasn't as fun to play in as a GTA or even Saints Row.
You wouldn't download a car, so why would you backup saves to it?
I'd have to check when I get home but it's either a Seagate or Western Digital ~750gb(?) external drive - I had it laying around and had no other use for it, so when the PS4 ran out of space I figured what the hell.
I'm hoping it's that easy, but I was reading that the external I'm using now is formatted to my current PS4 and by plugging it into any other PS4 would require a re-format.
The steps seem fine and I'm sure it'll be good to go, but the USB drive I have plugged into my current PS4... Will the transfer read that as accessible and pull the data from both the PS4 internal and the external during the transfer?
I love the show too... I really wish it had found a better audience, but I'm happy they're getting their proper send off.

How can I embrace her with my broken arms?
That's what old corporate suits think passes as cool...

Source - watching Vince McMahon try to pass off Roman Reigns as cool.
"Hello, this is Netflix; you're green lit."
There was actually a scene in the...2nd episode(?) of a show called Crazy Ex Girlfriend. She was shame-shopping for comfort food, dressed in her shitty sweat pants, t-shirt and sweater, definitely wasn't wearing a bra cause she was being lazy.

One of the main characters ran into her and, after a little dialogue and she leaves, he says "Bras are in aisle [3]." (Can't remember the actual aisle number)


> Mainstream normies

"Oh the new iPhone is out? Guess it's time to upgrade."
The heat that you totally just made up?
The bell rang for the DQ for Ronda interfering...

Cause I know people are asking.
DQ
DQ
DQ
Well Alexa had a boobjob already... We're just assuming she has been modified again.
Thank her husband.
Alexa never wrestles with a shirt on for TV... Only fuels the rumors more.
He trained her
Creepy ass blonde guy trying to get the hug away from the kid...
... I'm ok with this.
He didn't just call him Mini Me, but Mahal made light of his passing.
Home of WWE... Coincidence?

Probably.
On that subject, I don't see how the hell EC3 would pass.
Cheat code
Damn... Wasn't Verne Troyer a guest host once? Kinda low.
Waiting for his Network password reset.
I love Sami.
They were the dominant tag champions for a while.
Deleater of Worlds... I like that.
Gotta space out her fights at first... She's advertised for the MSG house show in June, then they'll probably build to SummerSlam.

I give her the benefit of the doubt and believe she's training full time, but her first RAW match is gonna be made a huge deal.
They give you a free month of the Network for that one?
And they'd be wrong.
Bobby Roode is officially a heel with me.
Bruno's success in MSG is the reason the North East Indy scene is as big as it is... Think of all the fans that would grow up and want to be a part of it all.
I lost count but that doesn't seem like 10
Did the Ascension not get their own Bruno shirt?
I had already taken Friday off (3 day weekend for my birthday) so I'm a happy camper.
I wasn't paying attention and was very confused when they showed that Donnie Baseball clip.

The man is the reason I ever picked up a glove.
Silence!

I keel you.

...

I don't know why I took this and turned into Achmed but here we are.
Thank you, infidel.
Thankfully Seth Rollins doesn't have MITB or else he'd have his hands chopped off for pulling off the Heist of the Century.
We call wrestling a sport in the same way that the families in Game of Thrones call themselves royalty - it's made up within the universe of the fiction. Try to keep up.
Keep combing. 
Very well said.

I and a few others have pointed that out in the past: Of the Shield members, Roman is X-Pac, but they push him like HHH... Roman is Marty Jannetty, but they push him like Shawn.
"He definitely said Ted Mosby that time."
Out comes Ricardo in his hooptie. 
Hicks must have spotted a chick in the crowd with that look on his face...
If Martin doesn't swipe the catch, 99.9% chance it's called.
I think Stanton's dick broke the wall.
Joey might as well hang it up... After meeting Topanga, it's all down hill from here.
Goldberg was a fluke crescent side kick that Goldberg threw too hard and hit Bret right in the chin...

A big boot has literally no force behind it, it's all Cass lifting his boot straight forward and Bryan running into it.
That 3 million number is just American WWE viewers... There are probably American wrestling fans that don't watch WWE, plus all the WWE and non WWE fans worldwide.
Are you just basing that on weekly WWE viewers? Cause that's hardly indicative.
She probably gets hit on by the whole staff. There's something about her.
Broken axels.
So a VPN would be recommended?
How does Acestream work? Last time I checked it looked like I had to install software? And if that's the case does it work with Chromecast?
What did I miss?
Every week he comes out, says No, and leaves.
Are they misspelling Andujar's name or were we never spelling it right?
Hey, get back here!
Alice in Chains...

sounds kinky.
Is John Cena in the band?
For a second I thought you mean like... Papa Smurf as a character in Overwatch, then I remembered the gaming meaning.
What game is this?
Weapons breaking.

Goddammit Nintendo...I can accept the wooden weapons breaking, but a metal fucking sword should not break.

And the Master Sword shouldn't lose it's goddamn power. What, does Fi get tired?!
Where'd I put my pitchfork?
Thanks for the heads up, but I'll leave my comment as is. 
Not really, no. And it isn't his fault....he's doing what his boss tells him, as is every other performer in WWE. 

Wrestling fans, and I'm included in this, felt he hadn't earned the spot he'd been given. There was no hardship, there was no struggle...once The Shield was split, he was immediately put into #1 contender matches for the World title, without so much as one drawn out feud to fuel him before that. 

People took it (rightfully so) as Vince handpicking his next guy, without any input from crowd reactions... Reigns was next in line after the John Cenas, Steve Austins and Hulk Hogans of the world. But there was no personal identity with Roman for people to hook on to, like they'd gotten with Cena or Austin or even Hogan for that matter... Roman was just "Shield Muscle", he didn't have a run like the Dr. of Thuganomics or the Austin vs. Bret Hart/Hart Foundation feud to build up the character and give people a reason to care.
The only correct answer...we're done here, boys.
How much time you got?

He was getting over organically as part of The Shield, that much I can't argue... All 3 guys were getting over huge, and all 3 of them had their roles within the group.

Think back to CM Punk's leaving WWE... in his tell-all podcast w/ Colt Cabana, he recalled a match he was set to win over The Shield where, aside from plotting a finish, his directive was to "make sure Roman looks strong."

I honestly believe that is where the tide started turning.

The group dynamic of The Shield started shifting and Roman was being positioned as the leader, whereas before, Dean Ambrose had been coming off as the charismatic leader of the group.

Once The Shield split, it became more obvious that Reigns was being positioned as the new #1 guy within WWE, at the expense of other fan favorites, including Daniel Bryan.

Think back to Royal Rumble 2014 - Bryan had lost the WWE title and was dumped away from the main event and put into a feud w/ the Wyatts... Batista was coming in for the Royal Rumble and he took the brunt of the "we want Bryan" heat... there was so much heat about it, Reigns was being cheered in those last 2 of the Rumble that year.

Fast forward to 2015, after that Punk podcast, we finally have Daniel Bryan back in a Rumble and fans were already turning against Reigns... DB gets eliminated halfway through the match, and Reigns spent half of it passed out on the outside...when Reigns is getting up for his heroic comeback, fans realize what's going on and start to revolt. 

**TL;DR** Yes, my timelines may be a little off, but this should give you a general idea of what was happening: fans *liked* Roman, but they wanted Daniel Bryan to be in that position. Once they realized they weren't getting what they wanted, they took all of that out on Roman Reigns.
Kevin Ball would like a word with you.

"It's moo mother fucker...it's moo."
In the grocery store I worked in, everything in the refrigerated section was covered by the Dairy department - eggs, bacon, butter, yogurt, milk, etc. etc. 

Shit, their deliveries even brought the Parmesan cheese. 
Maybe I'm an asshole, but unless you're in Microsoft  marketing, who the hell talks about the Xbox "brand"? That's not a way normal people speak.
The last Takeover, the N.A. Title ladder match he had everyone's face AND the title airbrushed...


I hope to one day live in a world where that song doesn't exist.

Not because I have a dog in the gender-fluidity-identity discussion, but because I'm tired of people using it to knock Rachel Bloom's career whenever something about Crazy Ex-Girlfriend is posted elsewhere on Reddit.
THAT'S NOT TRUE! THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE!
We're all a little high on this day.
Chris Jericho vs. Funaki, Lingerie Match
Thank you for the information - that's an interesting, and disappointing dilemma, but it might work out in my favor in the long run. 

I always liked Samsung devices, but I've kinda wanted to jump ship to T-Mo for a few different reasons. This at least gives me time and incentive to look at my options, as last I looked, T-Mo has an upgrade plan that fits into my tech-obsessed hobby (if money wasn't an issue, I'd swap phones every 6 months if I could).


Up until 3 weeks ago, Daniel Bryan couldn't bump either.

Not that I'd expect a full time bumping manager, but (hypothetically) they might be able to amend his physical permissions.
If she was even remotely responsible for their Reddit account...

I'd shudder to think if she ever saw the WWTPlot sub. 
/u/RealWWE trying to get themselves over with the IWC crowd. 
You magnificent bastard.
"But Bam is so cute and funny and dreamy!"

Fuck you Jess, you have horrible taste in guys.

...

Sorry, some long-buried feelings.
When Ronda and Charlotte main event Mania next year, you'll be singing a different tune.
Are we sure a Fozzy album wasn't a champion at some point?
Is that where he took that polygraph? 
Yes, I have a Note 8 and yes it has the Bixby Button... but does ANY Android phone need a Google Assistant button? It's a long press on the home button, no? 
Saxtonation Party for the whole WWE broadcast team, including Renee. 
I liked the one where they asked the passengers a bunch of trivia questions and gave them money for correct answers.
I mean, they're not the *only* phones that can do it... but this isn't the time nor the place ^^^^Note8masterrace
Oh I was 100% still a mark back there, but I'd know better than to mouth off if I was asked for my seat by a vet like Christopher Daniels.
They must not hang on Meltzer's every word... They're obviously fake fans.
Like... What video is this from? I need names.
Just from reading /u/Razzler1973 's post, I'd say he's been around a locker room or two or at least is close with someone who has. As have I. 

He's right.
The digital content WWE puts out, even the NXT product as a whole, paints such an open and inclusive picture of WWE acknowledging past accomplishments and past identities of indie workers; the on-screen WWE main roster product paints a much different picture with the rare reference, which is much more of a 'wink wink' situation than open acknowledgement.

I wish WWE was more like what their digital content represented and less the closed bubble WWE seems to be on TV.
Was Brodie Lee/Harper ever in AotF? I know Necro was, but for some reason I'm picturing Lee in it too.
Sip on a Flaming Moe and think it over.
And he screams, he doesn't say D'oh.
"Uh...you probably should ignore that."
Well then, that's a paddlin'. 
Is it https://gfycat.com/WeightySnoopyIlladopsis this link that ReflexMan posted?

If so...where did it come from and where can I find more of her?
Holy fuck.

I ~~want~~ need to see more of her.
But revenues are at an all time high. It may suck, but they're still making money hand over fist.
Littering ^^and...
How could you?
Don't leave us hanging...what happened next?
The digital content WWE puts out, even the NXT product as a whole, paints such an open and inclusive picture of WWE acknowledging past accomplishments and past identities of indie workers; the on-screen WWE main roster product paints a much different picture with the rare reference, which is much more of a 'wink wink' situation than open acknowledgement. 

I wish WWE was more like what their digital content represented and less the closed bubble WWE seems to be on TV.
[Kool & The Gang - Celebration](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GwjfUFyY6M)
* Stone Cold Beer Truck

* Boogeyman and Donald Trump backstage at WM23

* Kurt Angle's Milk Truck

* Bed Pan McMahon

* Ronda Rousey's WM entrance/clips from the match (if any of them are MMA fans and unaware of where she is)

* Kane Tombstoning Pete Rose
O poop
But science doesn't apply to us.
Berserker was more of a viking.

You want a pirate gimmick, look no further than Paul Burchill.

And I don't see Abe "Knuckleball" Schwartz, who appeared during the MLB strike in 94 or 95.
Congratulations on your job for life.
WrestleMania, Smackdown after Mania, then last night. 3.
Associating "this season's hottest accessory" to Breeze makes me want him to turn into a Stefon character post-Breezango.
Yeah, Stephanie wasn't even on TV at this point but good work trying to bring up her current TV character.

Maybe you wanna mention Roman next time too?
I was that guy a while back - female friend of mine walks in, I ask her if she's feeling okay because she looked a little pale.

"I'm trying a natural makeup look."

Fuuuuuck.
That's no space station...

wait..
What was Jack Sparrow supposed to be?
It's a Scientology sub?
Kayden Kross, while we're at it.


You can sign up for a trial of HBO Now and not be a thieving cunt.
"That day is now known in music history as the day that grunge was born."
I remember it as being 5 languages, but for all I know he added one or two in his time with WWE so who knows? If Cena can study Mandarin, anything is possible.
I hope he says it in a different language every week.
Are they easy to set up? Cause I'm competent with basic Excel, enough that I could build some forms to compile accounting data but once the discussion goes to V-lookup or Pivot Tables, things I've never used, I might as well not even bother applying for the position.
Starrcade was a glorified house show - this is getting proper PPV build on RAW and SmackDown.
I'm one of them, but I can acknowledge the impact his ability to sellout MSG had on WWE's success today.

You may get off your high horse now.
He was before my time, but there is no WWE in MSG without his drawing ability to sell that place out consistently.

RIP
I don't mind static graphics, if they spent a little time on them and made them stand out - back in the early 90s, WW(F) introduced the first iteration of a Tron and everyone got cartoony logos that worked for them at the time.


There was much more effort put into those logos than there is for the on-screen graphics now.
The only rumor I've heard on Alexa is some sort of cosmetic surgery.
Naomi starts rocking in the fetal position...
No no, he's teaming with the top face.
Who's questioning it?
Then changed back.
Look, Sanity.

Now you can all calm the fuck down.
So... Matt and Bray are winning the Tag Titles?
Nothing was officially changed.
They flashed the Sanity logo with the SmackDown logo. Nothing has changed yet.
\m/
Oh my...
Y2J chant.
...you ok?
I thought it was Peyton that got new ones.
But Charlotte just mentioned him...
Not her bf  anymore.
Carmella hasn't been with Enzo and Cass since E&C were called up. She came up later and never interacted with them.
I'm glad she stopped trying that horrible Staten Island accent.
Not yet... They flashed the Sanity logo over the SmackDown logo.
Sanity... They flashed the name with the SmackDown logo.
DBry taking Cody's list gimmick.
Sanity commercial?!
PPVs are joint brand now.
🚨🚨🚨🚨
I'm ok with Naomi running out... Not with that scream.
Nah they acknowledge it. It's even in the Twitter handle they constantly show.
Where TF did Hardy come from? Saw Orton come out, went to take a pee... Shelton is wrestling Harvey on the commercial.
Name them. And if you're including Paige, don't.
Even Big Dogs need to go for a walk every once in a while.
Using Bing for the phrase "blew her ass out of the water" would probably yield some interesting results.
...Paige here?
"Mine fell the hardest."
I'd have thought the invisible action figure was clever; this post is the copout. 
Yeah, that RAW thread isn't showing up for me, in either mobile or desktop.
She does have some padding to soften the blow...
To OPs credit, I only have one sticky on the front page and it's about Eli Drake's AMA.


To OPs credit, I only have one sticky on the front page and it's about  Eli Drake's AMA.
I attempted college twice - first time was a university, but I wasn't motivated and basically a lazy asshole (seriously, I scheduled 8am classes...wtf is wrong with me?)

Then I enrolled in a community college and, I think, I completed a semester, but again my laziness got the best of me.

I excuse it because in the middle of all of this, my parents wound up getting divorced and selling the house with my mom moving to Florida and I had to move into an apartment w/ my brother. Having to handle rent payments, I had to get a full time job on top of the part time job I had. College just wasn't in the cards for me, I guess.

I do wish I was more attentive and could have actually accomplished something while I was there, but then I think about the student loans I'd have had to deal with and I think, while I'm not in an ideal position, I'm at least not thousands of dollars in debt to someone.
I'd ask, "Why have you developed separation anxiety **now**, after almost 6 years of the same schedule of us (me and the wife) leaving in the morning and coming home in the evening?"

My wife takes one 4 day weekend back in January and he starts pissing all over the kitchen floor practically every day.
Rocket League has gotten so much worse in the last year or so since its popularity skyrocketed... I know the exposure brings them more players, which is great, but more and more I see chat messages where one guy on one of the teams (mine or opponents, whichever) is always such a cunt.

I had a guy, on my team...we're up like 4-0 or 5-0, and we give up a goal to the other team with like a minute left and he started bitching. 

Like...seriously dude?
So you want him to leave a steady job where he's almost guaranteed to become a trainer with full-time pay...just so you can support him for not being in WWE anymore.
WARNING - WILL BECOME ATTRACTED TO FEMALES SHOWING THE LEAST BIT OF SOCIAL INTEREST TOWARD ME.
Classic ~~Schmosby~~ Schlaura. 
Every time I start a new conversation with someone, I stutter throughout my opening sentence. 

I know this is a real affliction people have, and as I've gotten older (I'm only 32) I find myself stuttering more and more, whether it's because my thoughts are all jumbled up or what, I don't know the cause... 

I can't imagine having to deal with that regularly. 
Twist - OP is the employee that was fired, and is warning others how cringey it is.
After a few drinks.
"The following program is presented in its original form. It may contain some content that does not reflect WWE's corporate views and may not be suitable for all viewers. WWE characters are fictitious and do not reflect the personal lives of the actors portraying them. Viewer discretion is advised."
- I never heard the rumor that Naomi wanted to leave to have kids.

- We can all guess and it's probably going to happen, but there's literally no evidence that Ronda and Nattie are going to have a match or feud at any point so like any of us, you're just guessing.

- We knew Paige was done in-ring; they only had her retire officially when she did because D-Bry was coming back and they gave her his job.



Old man yells at cloud.
This morning, my wife asked me how last night's RAW was... I thought about it for a second and said that it was better than the RAW after WM. And I said that because the RAW after WM felt so manufactured, so much more than it had in previous years, and the crowd wasn't even as 'rebellious' as they were before. It was kinda disappointing.
> Since my co-workers knew the joke, I'd grin at them before just saying some random pie.

Admit it, you gave them [this look](http://i.imgur.com/O1eur3X.gif) just before answering. 
Are you even supposed to be here today?
English is his personal crooner.
Bullet Club*
If he had come back and wasn't black, I feel like that would raise a free eyebr....whoops.
Lashley being back still feels weird.
Damn speech impediment.
After the reports of Vince liking him, I can see it and I'll honestly be upset losing New Day like that.
Mean Guys

On Wednesday, they wear pink.
As a lazy fat ass myself, I'm offended.
Is Roman wearing his NXT douche watch?
Referee John Cone's son.
... I'd be ok with that.
Shit, I missed a Woken segment just before the commercial?
But Kurt said it's a RAW debut... Pulling Bryan to RAW now after that Miz announcement makes no sense.
Did one of the lenses pop out of those glasses?
Heath will feel that later.
Apparently there was an AOP book made.
They dumped him last week. No drama, they just told him not to follow them any more.
So Liv is turning into Lollipop Chainsaw now?
Didn't they do this exact stuff for Adam Rose?
John Cone just slid into the ring..I was expecting Nicholas.
I think it's to the point where, if it isn't posted within the 1 or 2 larger threads we have already going from yesterday, anything related to the break up should be flagged and removed as Not Related to Wrestling.

This post, however, should be filed under Not Suitable for Life.
If you like Pina Coladas!
Where in NJ did that happen? And when?
Rolling Stones - Street Fighting Man... G 7!
Future SmackDown segment...

[Bryan and the Bellas](https://youtu.be/SA3BMOaLVy4)
I'm surprised there are ANY Xbox One games available on it (wife bought herself one last week).

If the $10/mo. was simply for 360 Digital titles, I'd still find value.
If Game Pass and Backwards Compatibility was there from day 1, I'd have probably got the One over the PS4 at launch.
We still ain't found shit.
How could you?
I'll go one more... King Harley Race used it too.
He showed up in...08? To induct his father and/or grandfather. That's where he knocked Cena's movies then he disappeared for another 4 years.
The Crazy-Hot Scale?
Yaaaaas
Please don't ever reproduce.
Ok I'll go more relevant... Would you not ask Hulk Hogan for advice on if your performance was good? I mean, the Bellas are popular despite their limited skills, as was Hogan... By your measure, Hulk Hogan is a terrible person to go to for advice.
Christley was never in MMA...the Bellas have been in WWE for ten years and if you don't think they have a good grasp on what works in WWE, I don't know what to tell you.
All the more reason for Ronda Rousey, the star that she is, to save face and not worry about what a couple 'models' think of her performance.

But she doesn't care about that... She cares about the opinions and critiques people who have been there 10 years, and are married or engaged to 2 of the best workers WWE has.
It's almost like Shane's return.
Nowhere in any of my responses did I call you stupid.
I don't know, with how deep Nakamura gets with his Peensasha (not mine but I will keep it alive), he's bound to knock an ovary or two out of place.
No one will deny that the touring from back in Andre's day was really rough, especially on a guy his size; these days, it is a lot less strenuous...there's still weekly travel, but they're not on the road 7 days a week, pulling double duty on Saturdays and Sundays and that crazy shit.

Nonstop lying...eh, the business was born out of trying to trick people into believing it's real and spending their money to see the fights play out. Lies and deceit is in the business's DNA. 

...are you listing Ric Flair as a negative against the wrestling business?

And yes, it is like an over the top anime...that's why some people enjoy it.
Exploitative how?
You're obviously very defensive on posting this particular story...but knowing it was old news, how could you not expect this to have already been posted?
Well some TV shows just aren't for everyone.
Yet you clicked on a post about a professional wrestler?


Kojima, the brain behind the game, had a falling out with Konami, the publisher, and because of that, Konami cancelled the base game this **P**layable **T**easer was supposed to lead to, and then pulled P.T. from the PS Store.

My PS4 still has it, as do others that wanted to preserve it, but if you never initially downloaded it when it first came out, I don't know of a way, short of some hacking voodoo or a download onto a PC or something to that effect.
We know...we knew before the Hall of Fame a week ago. It was commented on at the Hall of Fame a week ago, and there was a WWE interview on YouTube, with him, a week ago.
Very accessible - pretty much every action or interaction is prompted. My wife and I played it together and she isn't as adept at games as I am and she got the hang of it. 
Sharing the game online probably refers to the fact that one person can own the game and send a code to someone else that doesn't own the game and they can co-op the game online.
And her career stopped there... and maybe her solo show Nikki... but look no further beyond that.
Oh balls - I honestly hadn't seen it.
Holy shit. I am a huge fan of T2, not so much the first one...but this is fantastic. If you haven't already, post this to /r/MovieDetails .
Aren't you supposed to be on tour, Chris?
[Now kith.](https://i.imgur.com/hUNAo.jpg)
I feel like I need to give this game another shot but Breath of the Wild ate up so much of my time last year.
The arms popping out? 

Fuck that the first time it happened.

With that being said... Hey Capcom, where the fuck is the update on RE2's REmake?
...now kith?
My wife just got an XBox One S - I need to rebuy that damn game and finally beat it.
Unfortunately, short of some voodoo, it is no longer available on the PS4 so if you're up for it, find a playthrough (preferably without commentary) and just watch the creepiness unfold.
*...Oscar winner, George Clooney, sexiest man alive....*
I was thinking Matt Hardy had fallen into a mental wormhole and he couldn't stop himself.
WTF, I watched it and I don't remember this clip. Was it toward the end? I think I tuned out early cause I watched it after RAW Monday and we were 4 days deep in the wrestling overload.
WWE is overexposed as all hell now, but they aren't really all that bad - RAW is just too long, SmackDown in 2016 was damn near perfect 2 hours of wrestling but that cooled down, and NXT on the WWE Network is fantastic for their one hour format and NXT PPVs are always top notch.
Does the T stand for Toto?
If the XBox One had 360 compatibility and the Game Pass out of the gate at launch, I'd have probably gone with it instead of the PS4. Not that I regret that decision, because it allowed me to play The Last of Us which I immediately fell in love with.
I saw it listed in the schedule and managed to be on IAMA at the scheduled f'n time and I still didn't see it.


Thank you for making my Friday that much better.
Wait, Dan Abrams actually said that? I always side with him when he's on GMA with Nancy Grace and now I love him more.
Our first repost.
The Rock Obama

(I know it was an SNL skit)
Ninteen hundred and ninety eight?
I excuse it from the conversation that HHH had with ref Drake when he agreed to square up with Ronda... I took it as the COO throwing out the rules of the match.
Tyler Austin 3:16 shirts, anyone?
The legend. I really want you to do an AMA one day.
4. Not long at all, really.
Maybe he thought it was for Rusev's TV Championship.
Punctuation and reading comprehension are key to understanding this tweet.
It's been explicitly said multiple times that it will be on the Network. 
I thought this was gonna be about Mathias Glass, someone seemingly purposely trying to piss off the Jewish community. 
I'll repost what I said from the other place I saw this posted...

WWE edits down YouTube clips to the meat and potatoes of the segment to get to the point - no different than a game show saying that "portions of the game not affecting the outcome were edited out," so John Doe might have made a joke that cracked Drew Carey up for half hour, but if he didn't make it to the stage and play Plinko, you and I would never know about it. Was his popularity being haulted? No? Okay.
I was worn out that Sunday - I watched Saturday night's NXT Takeover just before the WrestleMania countdown started, so my wrestling day went from 2-midnight with breaks to change the laundry in between.

I was exhausted.

Glad you enjoyed it... if you're unfamiliar with NXT, give it a shot but it isn't like WWE much at all outside of production look and feel - that action is MUCH different.
Not the same at all, but good try. The Sinclair thing is a conglomerate with its hands in news outlets across the country where it could influence millions of people as it pertains to actual world events... 

WWE is a conglomerate that edits down YouTube clips to the meat and potatoes of the segment to get to the point - no different than a game show saying that "portions of the game not affecting the outcome were edited out" so John Doe might have made a joke that cracked Drew Carey up for half hour, but if he didn't make it to the stage and play Plinko, you and I would never know about it. Was his popularity being haulted? No? Okay.

Plus, if WWE was halting Rusev, he wouldn't have even been put in the US Title match or the #1 contender match in the first place.
But...Rusev already had a match that night, to determine Jinder's #1 contender.

Would you rather Rusev compete for a championship opportunity, or to face non-champion Daniel Bryan with nothing to gain in a match he'd most likely lose?
Welcome to the club - what did you think of WrestleMania?
I don't know what you mean by 'not being the case' - fans not knowing wrestling is fake? The only fans that are actually unaware are children and the mentally handicapped; functional adults that enjoy wrestling completely understand that wrestling is scripted entertainment - we just don't care.

Think of your favorite TV show - Game of Thrones? Walking Dead? None of the above? Doesn't matter... in **any** fictional universe, there are certain things you accept within the reality - dragons in Game of Thrones? Sure. Zombies in the Walking Dead? Of course there are. 

Within the fictional universe of professional wrestling, batshit crazy stuff can happen -[ the boss's only son can climb a 20ft high steel cage, jump off and crash through a table](https://youtu.be/bWI2l4ZbdA4?t=42s) onto the ground and still be able to crawl into the ring and finish the match. Did we notice the stunt crashpad? So what, it still looked cool.

Wrestling fans respect the performers because they don't use stuntmen. Watch the clip above - it's in a round theater setting, no chance to swap out a stuntman. Yes, there is the crash pad, but the margin for error in that is fucking mind blowing. 

Wrestling fans enjoy the character interaction - no feud has meant more to the modern era of professional wrestling than Stone Cold Steve Austin feuding with his boss, Vince McMahon. Vince would come up with a plot to screw Stone Cold out of the championship, but Austin would be one step ahead and foil the whole thing. And while Vince is regrouping in his office one week, [Stone Cold decides to redecorate Vince's Corvette.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4gLjQiYBPQI)

If wrestling isn't for you, that's fine - but to the people that actually enjoy it, it being fake doesn't matter. It's a TV show, so to use the "you do know it's all fake" argument is antiquated and pointless. Would you say that to people that enjoy Brooklyn Nine-Nine or Better Call Saul? Of course it's fake. I'm not watching Brooklyn Nine-Nine for factual police proceedings, and I'm not watching Saul for a breakdown on the legal system - not many wrestling fans look at wrestling for the sport nature of it, though there are those fans that do...half the drama within the pro wrestling universe is created live, in the ring, as it happens, much like a coordinated movie fight and that draws people into it as well. 

-----------

**TL;DR** I could go on forever about the art of professional wrestling, but I'll stop myself short on that - in short, wrestling fans know it's a show, we just don't care. 

I hope you don't think I was attacking you, that was not my intent at all, and I hope you at least watched the clips I put in out of morbid curiosity, even if you didn't enjoy them.
My wife and I fall asleep to How I Met Your Mother every night.
Then there's an [Amiibo](https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/88-uCfoosCxYEpfYqRDKxdVAaRQ=/0x0:1200x734/1200x800/filters:focal\(483x137:675x329\)/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/58960551/DXzIKecUMAAWtRm.0.jpg) just for you.
I wish I could believe that was a shoot. 
I wasn't aware that it was an NYC ban - I thought it applied to all Yankees, like it was a Steinbrenner rule that still stands.
Bullshit - his match w/ D-Bry was perfectly paced and he didn't look slow at all.
I figured it was dip spit, but my wife was saying that the Yankees weren't allowed to. Looking into it, smokeless tobacco is just banned in NYC, correct?
I mean... I don't think you're wrong.
Bayley's Hispanic...you wanna make a point out of that one too?

They're all the same pigment.
So SM Plus is the 'complete edition' of the base game, finally with a physical release - and I, having the digital release, will have to buy a DLC pack to get the Plus additions.

Am I correct with all that?
If you're not trolling... Finn is not portrayed as gay in any way, they just introduced a T-shirt that his fan club, the Balor Club, is for everyone one, and with that he's been wearing the colors in support of the LGBT community. 
One of the funniest things from his run on the show.

Greg Proops is the man.
I was around it for 5 years... For my friends who were just ignorant but not malicious about asking "isn't it all fake?" I never had any problems with it,  and even took the time to engage in conversation about it.

It's the ones that maliciously made fun of it because of it being fake, those are the comments that get to me. Moreso now because of my badges of honor (bad back and shoulder).
Was or he?
Andre the Giant was probably one of the most famous professional wrestlers during his time, and you're surprised the HBO doc focused on his career?

And according to the [AMA](https://www.reddit.com/r/SquaredCircle/comments/8a0n7a/jason_hehir_director_of_the_upcoming_hbo/) with the director of the piece, WWE assisted with footage and information, but had no say over any content or the direction of the piece.

So no, it wasn't a WWE ad.
I find Conan to be naturally funny and his talkshow is full of actual joke material, unlike a show like Fallon where the laughs come from celebrities making asses of themselves in glorified party games.
[He may say it on this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrikvhdYrJE)
["Hey Judge, you suck dick!"
](http://31.media.tumblr.com/4a0fef1cbf31d4e987f0e4c2452d93c5/tumblr_n0u5ymNF4E1sdqajoo2_400.gif)

["Your mother taught me how!"](http://25.media.tumblr.com/9f1b3eae17d69a98e1f0c489f3cda026/tumblr_n0u5ymNF4E1sdqajoo1_400.gif)
Can you smell it?
KICK

WHAM

STUNNER
Fuck that wall in right is the height of the curb out in front of my apartment.
Unfortunately I believe he has prior obligations... being in 4th grade and all.
Bah gawd, the Brothers of Destruction!
Hearing Let It Go start was hysterical... Not gonna lie.
Thank you very much.
Got a notice that the benches cleared in the 3rd, missed the rest of the game... Any clip of the incident?
It might have been, but for someone as inexperienced as Ronda, she could have easily looked lost or rushed through stuff in sequence... But everything she did looked good and didn't look rushed. The only questionable part was the very beginning when Ronda tried that go-behind but that could easily be blamed on Stephanie.
Here's the difference, you were never inside a WWE ring - Nicholas was. 
Man, Shameless' storylines are getting weirder and weirder.
We don't know that Roman Reigns is winning over there. Any claims that he is is 100% speculation at this point.
Oh my God...it's migrated off /r/SquaredCircle and onto /r/movies...
Santa Claus*

The 'e' at the end is in reference to the **clause** of the contract he entered upon putting on the suit.
What if Arnold hand-picked him to be the next Terminator?
I can delete my FB app, on Verizon no less.
Thanks, Naomi!
I'm a little hungry and my brain isn't all there today, but I'm pretty sure that's what I said.
On a Nunzio or guy like that, sure, but this spear to Shawn didn't look any worse than one Edge would do.
Rock took the title from Punk at the Rumble before 29. 

Punk was champion at 28 and defended against Jericho.
How long did you wait to buy it? Consoles have a 5 year life cycle, usually.
Yes I am, thanks for the video proof.

Sasha's feet hit Paige in the shoulder blades, it's clear as day in the video since Paige's top goes across her back, not her neck.
2
Neither of Sasha's feet touched Paige's neck.
She hasn't been good at selling for a long time
"What am I supposed to do with this?"
Enzo was Cruiserweight champion.
You might have to share her with Billie.
Why... Why drop the Duo part?
Thinking there's an NXT female to wreck this shit?
This was the first time in probably over a month there were no emojis.
He has for years.

No one really knows why.
No words on the screen!
SmackDown GM position seems to have magic healing powers... Let's see if it works for Paige.
We're in the Good Place now...
This is like the #metoo sex abuse stories and Leah Remini's Scientology exposès got together and had a scandal baby.
I was disappointed.
And you're absolutely allowed to do so. If you happen to see Undertaker in public, you can, of your free will, approach him in an attempt to engage him; he can, of his free will, tell you to fuck off and not bother him while he's on his free time - just as anyone in the world is able to do.

Your post just makes it seem like you should be able to engage (or stalk) these guys as you see fit with no concern of whether or not they want to be approached.
Then why spark the issue here? Post this argument there and confront the people that actually say those things.

KO doesn't get made fun of here, so your point carried 0 weight.
I'm honestly trying to understand your point - you're upset that you haven't met say, John Cena or Undertaker, at Axxess events so you feel it would be okay to approach Cena or Taker if you happened to see them out at the mall with their fiancee/wife?

Where, in the "pro wrestling fan rulebook," does it state that you are entitled to meet these guys? Sure, it would be cool if I ran into John Cena at the mall and at least got to 'bro nod' with him, but I don't sit here and type out an angsty statement about how I have the right to interrupt their personal life if I, as a fan, run into them during their free time.


I guess Nikolai Volkoff wasn't as much of a trend setter as I originally thought.
To HHH's credit, Punk himself admitted the plan at WM 30 was for Punk to win so he would have at least had that.
THROW HIM BACK! THROW HIM BACK!
Every.

Damn.

Time.
When Bruce Willis was dead at the end of Sixth Sense...
Dripping Wet Sluts Waiting To Be...Drank?

Shit...started strong, couldn't finish.
In TNA/Impact wrestling and other companies, Matt started playing this Broken character following a feud with his brother Jeff. He started talking in this weird accent, renaming things to more-intricate synonymous versions (most recently "Eater of Worlds" Bray Wyatt became the "Consumer of Terrestrial Entities"), and he started talking about how the body of Matt Hardy was merely a vessel and that the Broken spirit has lived many lives throughout the millennia, including meetings with Genghis Kahn and being around when the pyramids were built.

When the Hardyz returned to WWE, they put the brakes on immediately using that character, instead simply being the Hardy Boyz while Matt kept a few mannerisms of the Broken gimmick.

Once the character copyright issues were settled, Matt began feuding with Bray and after being on the losing end, Matt began to "break" once again...only this time he was claiming to be woken - since Woken rhymes with Broken, and WWE wanted to have their own spin on it.

I cannot possibly do the whole scenario justice - to get a taste of what Matt's vision for the character is, I present to you the [Final Deletion.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kiktBcRHABU)
If Bayley is a man, then I'm friggin' gay.
I have access to the weekly threads and no one there makes fun of him. If there are people elsewhere making fun of him, take it up there but it doesn't happen here.
There was a guy that, last week, asked if the truck that had killed Jimmy Valiant was in fact, Diesel.

I hope that fucker was banned.

And I hope this one is too. 

BRB, reporting this to get it yanked.
Who on the net hates KO? He's one of the best guys they have and I don't see anyone on the weekly show threads making fun of KOs weight .
This posted twice or am I seeing things?
Bray warned her about Braun...
I'm late as hell to the party but I'll give a little explanation and not simply downvote and split - a wrestling match is worked between the two (or more) participants to make it look like a competitive contest, but with dramatic twists and turns throughout to keep the crowd engaged.

Brock is Brock, and everyone knows how much of a beast he is, so Brock tossing mother fuckers around was fun to watch... no more so than at Summerslam 2014 when Brock suplexed John Cena something like 16 times and just destroyed him. That was fun because it was the first time.

As time went on, Brock's matches featured more or more of simply spamming suplexes and F5s (his finisher) and there was no dramatic back and forth, no selling, no intrigue - his matches became formulaic and boring.

Those 'fake ankle locks' and bouncing off the ropes are part of adding that drama - with the right opponent and the proper story built through the match, a simple ankle lock could make a building explode in cheers (watch Ronda's match with Kurt Angle vs. Triple H and his wife Stephanie McMahon).
Hype package for Ronda's match, they played some Rogan audio from Ronda's fights.
Shouldn't you be in detention, Bender?
Last year's WM had a ridiculously long ramp that extended from almost 3/4 up on the side of the stadium down to the ring.
You're really discrediting Stephanie for being the heat magnet to get fans behind Ronda.
M'impact...

People know the work... but in WWE, Jeff isn't Woken but because Matt's his brother he played along.
Who the fuck is Tuckie?
Roman surfs Reddit confirmed!
Oh fuck, his forehead is blown up a little bit.
Dude. I read it too but wtf. Some people like surprises.
I guess since it's not called TNA anymore, it isn't a huge deal to reference them.
"You idiots, that isn't one of my songs."
Sasha didn't cause her to need neck surgery over a year ago.
Yes, she was out for a year from neck surgery.
Ronda murdered Stephanie.
Brother Nero...totally different guy.
Can't wait for the episode of CenterStage with Sweet Beetz.
He's John Cone's son.
It hasn't even been a full damn hour
.. Jesus.
Some selfish prick probably wanted to interrupt their beach ball bullshit.
There's another tag match later though... Winner there faces the winner here.
Wait what?
One of these women might be on the All In show in 4 years.
On Breaking Ground on the Network, they spoke to Apollo and went over his main roster contract so unless his deal was timed perfectly, they do get new deals.
They are the top... Top 1%?
He was fed the line
Since at least S7.
Samsung
More often than not they black out local games so you have to watch it on local TV.

I'm in NJ and I can't get the MLB Network and watch Yankee games... That's why I have the YES Network.
It's a touring TV show about fighting. Hence why crazy shit can happen. 
Such as the multi-cam Hollywood production of Conor tossing the hand truck through a bus window.
I was with you until you called him an idiot. If you want to raise a point, by all means do, but calling him an idiot wasn't necessary.

"WWE releases..."

OH FUCK

..."post-Mania WWE Network subscriber numbers"

Oh thank God... 

...

Jokes aside... If I am looking at these numbers correctly, does this imply that only 200,000 accounts were created to capitalize on that FREE WRESTLEMANIA FOR FIRST-TIME SUBSCRIBERS thing they've been pimping for 2 weeks? Or is there a factor I'm not noticing?
No but wrestling isn't a shoot. It's a TV show - a TV show where a billionaire princess can take a few remedial MMA classes and learn a basic armbar defense. 

If you only enjoy wrestling in terms of what can work via shoot, you're gonna have a bad time.
I didn't catch Ronda doing it - by the time I go back to watch they'll have probably caught it.
How do you explain that it went from a trickle down his hair to covering his face in seconds after laying prone on the mat with no one around to apply anything? You don't get that with fake blood or capsules. 

It stopped after the fact because WWE has med staff on hand that can glue it shut in the event of an emergency.
He wasn't a Wish Kid though... he's John Cone's son.
WTF did Cena oversell? Did we watch the same match?
I now want the guitar remix of Nakamura's theme on Google Play Music.
Congratulations - in a one-on-one match where you had a 50% chance to be right, you picked the winner.
> I thought Charlotte shouldn't have lost.

Then  I've got some good news for you...
What's dumb about it exactly? She did great, exceeded everyone's expectations, and had 70,000+ people all chanting her name.
WWE's C-brand is more relevant to professional wrestling than the NWA... NWA would kill to be able to make those mistakes.
There isn't enough Steiner Math in the world to convince me that Ellsworth could take Charlotte or Asuka in a fight.
That's why it started as a trickle down his hair and wound up convering his face within seconds.

That doesn't happen with fake blood.
NXT didn't have a post-trademark swerve...we getting one here?
Hey, a post-show music video?! They haven't done that shit in years - I love it!
I hope Brock doesn't share Cesaro's grudge... someone may die.
Roman fucking up this belly to belly suplexes - is that vest fucking w/ Brock's grip?
Fuggedaboutit 

(Not actually Italian)
It's in NJ you jerkoffs!
Listen to the crowd and STFU with the whining.
I watched Takeover just before the PreShow too so I'm gonna hit 10 hours.
Cool down between title matches.
WrestleMania has gone to midnight for a few years.
I just saw a complaint about the electric guitar covering the crowd sing along.
Cool down before Roman.
WWE Network, $9.99/mo., First month free.
Rock's mom is her aunt... That is her family.
SmackDown contract...
SmackDown contract tho...?
Carmella's contract has always been SmackDown exclusive...

The more that people suggest she cash in here, the more I realize people don't pay attention.
AJ/Nakamura
...she ragdolled 4 times already and is bumping on the floor.
A little old school Bliss sorry the hint of tutu.
MetLife Stadium
Surely it's Kofi, because of his longevity...

Right?
They never said this would have a gimmick.
What's a tag?
Orton did.
Harper out here looking like Skeletor.
THAT'S what it was.
Quick Reddit, it's gonna bug me... What was that Pancake call?
I guess once Rousey and HHH agreed to fight... Fuck the rules?
Has he been reffing main roster?
Broken Freakin' Neck BAYBAY
Ref told him something, but we don't know what's up.
"We're gonna get you green frickin' lasers, Joe."
I see Rusev Day chants drowning out RAW and SmackDown for a long time coming.
Orton is champ though...
Without ever once working on Asuka's leg? Ok...?
VR camera
You say that like you'd have a choice once she decided to do that.
Could be his 6th, we don't know.
Not hardly. 32 in Dallas broke 100k, allegedly.
Miz just hit that VR camera?
You introduce these pimp ass 3d graphics, but leave the flat belt images.
Miz with a Karate Kid head band.
Rollins found Roman's contacts.
I hope WWE keeps those on screen 3D graphics.
Paul Heyman admitted in promo that they were MMA students.
Paul Heyman admitted in promo that they were MMA students.
30 was awesome, 31 was good, 32 sucked, 33 was good with a shit main event.

WrestleMania doesn't always suck.
You thought that was a heel turn? That was her growing balls standing up for herself.
I know opinions and everything, but WrestleMania does not suck every year.
It sure is, but WrestleMania is the place where those stories culminate, not add more layers.
We thought so too but it was foaming.
We thought so too but it was foaming.
So no match for Cena since he's drinking.
Turn on USA.

PreShow is there too.
Turn on USA...

This is playing there too.
Homeboy needs a minute to not be dead.
Women's Battle Royal, probably
WWE Network is free for the 1st month.
Really? After that awkward transition from Sam to this match I'm wondering if he's ok.
Ring has a weird metallic echo on the heavier bumps.
USA had one.
Since January.
That explains the 'cut to commercials' line they said.
VR camera
I didn't know TJP was sitting in the stands as a fan.
2nd hour is now on USA.
PreShow is now in USA.
2nd hour PreShow is on USA.
The 8th Incarnation of the World Wonders
Delete this post.
It's the online PreShow that airs on more than just the Network.
When tf did Kane get there? I just saw him after Mojo bumrushed Ryder.
Subreddit of the Day just in time for RUSEV DAY!
You don't know that.
She'd rather do all in cause she's signed to ROH and couldn't do MYC if she even wanted to.
You realize Deonna did numerous NXT and WWE appearances, right?
Just because we don't know if and when the match will happen doesn't mean WWE doesn't either.

They know what they're doing, they're not gonna be scrambling for anything.
If Frank's next to her, I don't think I'd feel anything.
Our 2 comments are Big Lebowski references.
You said it, man.
When he was inducted, he had suggested that WWE introduce an award to acknowledge the hard working men and women behind the scenes that never get recognized. 

After he passed, WWE took his idea and turned it into an award that many feel is simply a PR stunt.
Yeah wtf... I know black don't crack but I'd have guessed 9.
Classy Freddy? Um...
With how long this is probably going, he'll be stuck going in for the class of 2019.
Big pop for promising to be quick.
Fuck me... I know I've seen Matsuda's name in some historical context. Now this is gonna bother me.
Molly Holly is 40 years old, and doesn't look a day older than WrestleMania 18.
Lord Alfred Hayes not getting his moment is bullshit.
Didn't Matsuda invent the Sharpshooter/Scorpion Death Lock?
Quick, zoom in away from Becky's ridiculous cleavage.
I followed the steps but it gave me a code to share.

7zp5vk8

That's my code.
Does the Fite TV app have Chromecast support?
They aren't together anymore.
Horrible song. I'm honestly disappointed.
If he doesn't come out to Don't Go Messin' With a Country Boy I'll be pissed.
Dudleyz
First month free for fuck sake.
He's the white guy... By defacto he's the nerd.
I saw him in the background.
He stopped?
My wife: "Did these people just go through the box of Crayola 96 colors to pick their outfits?"
It's better to ask forgiveness than to ask permission.

Vince can approve whatever speech he wants, but if JJ wants to take 10 seconds out to name drop Owen, it'll happen and there's nothing Vince can do.
The pose he does on the apron where the camera pans around is essentially "stare at my dick in 180° before I need to hit the next sound cue in my entrance."
> John Cena as the annoying but delightful frat boy neighbor with a hart of goal despite sometime obscene property damage he causes

You describe that character but don't cast Deke Stokes?
What wire fighting was in the first? Reptile's full flip on Liu Kang's head scissors and...? 

It's been a while since I watch this - if it wasn't WM weekend, I'd probably watch it this weekend as a refresher. Plus Bridgette Wilson was the infinitely hotter Sonya.
That's Raiden's line, right? Toward the end? 

Fuckin' guy - he wasn't even that bad as Raiden, just compared to Christopher Lambert that mother fucker sucked.
Too bad YOU...

...

...

will die.
And this has what to do with wrestling?
My dad taught me the dangers of abusing alcohol and drugs; because of that, I never touched any alcohol until I was 21 and only drink a handful of times a year, and I never touched any drug harder than weed nor was I ever tempted.
"Butters, you are GROUNDED, mister!"

The first Mortal Kombat movie stands above all of these and I will not allow anyone to say that wasn't a godsend for video game movies.
[HUH?!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NBMjSaGMG8s)
Suplex City, Bitch.


PWG is fun for the 200+ people (now a few thousand that they're moving venues)...

WWE style speaks to those few thousand plus millions of people that watch worldwide.

Who's smarter?
Absolutely - even the most jaded WWE fan who is sick of cookie-cutter RAW episodes knows that WWE will do everything they can to put on a hell of a show.
You cannot timeline it to watch RAWs, Smackdowns and PPVs consecutively in time order, but yes, all old school RAWs, Smackdowns, Nitros, PPVs, ECW weekly shows, are all there and (relatively) unedited (ECW loses a lot of its entrance music because they used real music).

And they include all the monthly PPVs, live as they happen, for that $10/mo. 

I'm not shilling here - first month is free, and they don't restrict it so you could conceivably enjoy WrestleMania weekend festivities - Hall of Fame tonight, NXT TakeOver PPV tomorrow night, and WrestleMania Sunday, for free and cancel it Monday morning.
Indeed. And that's the only reference to Rent I know so my contributions end there.
New Girl is on FOX.
Netflix will probably get all of Season 2 once the DVD comes out. 
Every bit of news I saw when I woke up is he turned himself in.
Ah ha - I was a little slow on the uptake. 
I'll raise you this...

Name a game Rockstar has released since GTA V.
525,600 minutes.
Look front row, most likely back to the hard camera - there's a guy that dresses up with a clown wig and face 1/2 covered in clown paint - [Frank The Clown.](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CfKIWkIUIAAWRjM.jpg) (Mick handed him a beer at WM 32 after HBK, Foley and Austin started their beer bash.)

He's been dating Noelle Foley for a few years. And enjoys bragging about it on here (or at least he used to). 

And he acts like he's a celebrity.

And because of his relationship with Noelle, he's got a little heat with males on the internet - thus making him a quasi-celebrity. 
I'm gonna be the wet blanket here, but would people really enjoy it if this is what wrestling became? Like... I get that Chikara had the Super Smash Bros. who could pause action w/ their gear, and I know there's been slow mo spots before, but like...why? I don't understand it. 

I'm okay with the occasional goofiness like the earthquake/grenade spot in a battle royal where I big guy bumps and everyone else loses their balance from the tremors - I've been in there and it was hilarious. Shit, I thought the Osirian Portal snake charming shit was hilarious. But the slow mo stuff is just...

I don't get it. I'm sorry, I just don't don't.
> WWE seldomly, if ever, show off the stage before the preshow.


That actually hasn't been true the last couple years - They've done set reveals the night of the Hall of Fame since at least [WM 29.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOPWbpPdtxc)

[WM 30](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XB3o4nsMQ-k)

[WM 33](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SfrSRaJlhPY)


Ok so I may have spoken too soon - I couldn't find anything on WM 31 or 32, but it isn't out of the question to expect a set reveal over night tonight.
I think it was Elias on the E&C podcast that said Cena either heard Elias come up with the "WWE stands for.." or someone else had said it and Cena was like, "Dude that's great - you're using that on me tonight." And it was the Christmas RAW and we all saw how well that turned out for Elias.
Family Guy Chicken Fight - WWE Edition
Oh thank god, there's footage of the performance that doesn't look like someone smeared Vaseline on their lens first. 
If it was bullshit for that episode and not really coming, I'm gonna be legit disappointed. 

I stream 99% of my music these days but I will absolutely buy Elias's album. 
I only saw brief clips, but weren't they all brief cameos? Like asking for directions or someone was in the background reading a newspaper?
From stories I've read, Jarrett was asking for backpay that hadn't yet been paid to him - live event and/or merch money - that he felt was owed to him and since WWE had let his contract lapse, he maybe believed he was going to get screwed out of the money.

Someone at WWE screwed up by letting JJ's contract run out while he was still IC champion, so that's not Jarrett's fault.
Ray Bradbury? Fuck me.
DUDE
I'd be down with JJ interrupting him, but I'd want Elias to win the confrontation and Roadie to take the bullet for JJ.
I know the Powerbomb was a joke (or at least I hope), but your scenario would make him a bad wrestler.
Whoever said Rock was gonna be a part of it?
He must have thought someone was stealing home on that bunt.
Holy fuck, a Dirty Work reference on R/SC.
Here's the thing - until it's written on the board backstage in NOLA, no one knows what's going on last. And even then, we as viewers won't know until the card is presented live as it happens.

So you're literally complaining about nothing.
That is an awesome collection of pictures, thank you for sharing them.
Vince McMahon - I've been a wrestling fan for as long as I can remember, and there hasn't been a time where he wasn't there.
As a lefty kid who spent most of my Little League time playing 1st base, I'm pulling for Bird to be the guy we know he can be.
Looking at the lineup yesterday I noticed Austin and Romine batting back to back and I'm thinking to myself - what did Romine do to earn 2 spots in the lineup?
It's knowing WHEN to make those spooky faces that is good psychology.
He asked if the truck that hit Valiant was Diesel.
Time and a place for jokes, jackass... This is a man's death.

You should be banned.
...in profile, he looks like William H. Macy. Especially now with the short hair.
That's exactly what I was searching.
Yes but of course I can't find a goddamn picture of it.
[Done](https://media1.tenor.com/images/e89eea12d1e1ebcb1db2632009f25100/tenor.gif?itemid=7391841)
Those are Rookie numbers.
It's not called Nerdist anymore? WTF? When did that happen?
Dan's death was part of the book that Roseanne was writing at the time... in the new premiere, Dan finds a copy of the book and said "it would have sold like hotcakes if you didn't kill off the best character" or something like that.
[Wrestlers True Colors Series: The Fabulous Moolah [WARNING: Massive Wall of text but worth read] The "Original" Screwjob & more.](https://www.reddit.com/r/SquaredCircle/comments/51nz17/wrestlers_true_colors_series_the_fabulous_moolah/)

For years, there had been rumors of Fabulous Moolah abusing potential trainees... she'd recruit women that wanted to train to be wrestlers, force them to live on her complex... she'd determine their booking fees, skim some off the top for herself then pay the remainder to the girls, then charge them rent and utilities on top of that.

The sex trafficking comes in with stories of her pimping her girls out to promoters in order to get them booked.

The article I linked, which includes sources, is a big wall of text but worth the read if you have the time.
It's not the R shirt... I am disappointed.
Chris Jericho sent the text...to himself.
"New phone, who dis?"
Sweet... just post this like 157 more times and we should be good.
So...yesterday? Or did someone get hurt?
PS Now does have PS4 games on it so technically if you only had a PC, that's what you'd be getting - game selection is probably limited to the older PS4 titles though.
Originally it was planned to work across a lot of Sony devices, such as Bravia TVs or higher-end Blu Ray players...

Currently it only works with PS4 consoles and PCs. 
Sony offers a similar service to this with their [PlayStation Now](https://www.playstation.com/en-us/explore/playstationnow/) service...it is a service that allows you to play PS3 and PS4 games via streaming (not direct download) - its reliability is dependent on your home internet connection and the stability of the servers on the other end.

I tried the service for the initial 7-day trial period back when it first debuted - it worked as advertised, but I wouldn't recommend it for trying to play faster-paced games like first-person shooters, especially competitive ones. Even on great connections, input lag would be worse than what you'd experience playing the console first-hand.
Bot, there's a time and a place.
If it's still running, you should be able to tune in and select Start From Beginning or whatever.
I took it as all speculation and wishful thinking, but I was hoping it would have happened... I think those 3 teams would have killed it, because of some stylistic similarities to the original 3 teams.
The Rock says this isn't a red flag and you should know your role, jabroni.
When I was 10, I was a diehard wrestling fan (still a fan, nowhere near diehard) and I wanted to be a pro wrestler.

I wound up training and performing for almost 5 years; it didn't work out the way I would have liked but I'll never say I regret it at all.
Which was Jericho's fault - people seem to forget that sometimes there are story reasons for things to happen.
It's Joey Lawrence, goddammit.
If she is as long-term as they've been saying, she'll need to eventually learn how to do coordinated moves that involve timing and cooperation; for WM, though, I think the best course of action is to teach her how to work her strikes, then have her do some legit judo throws on Stephanie - Stephanie will know they're coming so she'll be ready for the bump, and it will make Ronda's offense look good...cause it would be real offense.

The most basic wrestling bumps (hiptoss, armdrag) are modeled after legit throws so this shouldn't be hard to implement. 
The WrestleMania Week Hub Thread (or whatever it's called) could probably serve that purpose if there was a section for WWE's YouTube match promos. 
But is he ALL IN?
Roman looking strong once again.
Then there was that time she slapped the ever-loving shit out of Tom-Mike and he curled up into a fetal position.
The Eskimos Of Tomorrow
No she joins SmackDown.
Miz joining Titus Worldwide.
Miz should have tapped and just not have it count.
Lana's hair looked bad.
I guess AJ's leg is ok.
Primo won a match!
Where the fuck did...Primo?... Come from?
I could imagine Orton pointing and saying to Bobby Roode "See me pointing to that shit? Vince loves that."
Knowing his demeanor, probably.
They did SmackDown match promos during RAW last night
You're probably joking but Rusev and Lana live in Nashville.
They don't do it every time.
They weren't in this episode so wtf is your point?
WWE has never advertised RAW or SmackDown to be live on the Network...

They make hundreds of millions of dollars off TV contracts from USA for them to carry the shows... That is not something they're gonna give up.
Apparently last year there were no dongs until a week in.

Patience.
How the hell do they get 'Swarley' from Barney?
He's still shown up on posters last few times I saw them but I can't say it's all the time or not.
Thank you for correcting this heinous miscarriage of justice.
Just these two statements alone makes me need to see this movie.
Good to hear Rourke was a good student... I hear Trosky tends to be a very angry wrestling vet.
Can I ask who the friend was? I know my old school was mentioned in the credits (ECPW) and that the Wild Samoans had a big hand in training him.

Not to mention the true co-star of The Wrestler Andrew Anderson and his 4-second cameo.
If only Easter hadn't just passed...they could have made a holiday of it.
He was so shocked that time inverted on itself and he saw reverse images of everything.
I must have missed that completely made up thing you just said.
Going in her much-publicized depression after her losses is kind of a surprising thing for WWE to do - maybe not amazing, but still a good line out of Stephanie.
I gotta know the story behind the 76 opponents for Asuka and the losses to THE BIG DOG for Charlotte.
Not quite like this though...
They couldn't stop him from doing the chant (even if Bryan stopped out of respect for WWE/wanting to move away from it elsewhere, certainly couldn't stop the crowd from doing for him - and they would, even if it was a 'Fed Thing') but they could try and stop him from selling merch with YES designs on them.
Doesn't hit the Network until Thursday.
Hey Kurt remember last time you trusted Heyman with anything?

You wound walking out of ECW.
She'd follow them if she hadn't reached the ring... Once she hits the ring, the ropes create a Force field to keep her inside.
Gonna be weird for the DVD home release in 4 months.
They are WOKEN!
Seven.

It was Dustin.
Clearly the glasses had the Clark Kent effect.
Heyman admitted they were hired guns from an MMA school.
They literally just said you get Mania if you subscribe for your free month.
PiP ads? What is this?
And kicked ass the 12 times before that...2 losses doesn't negate that.
Bronze, in Judo. 2008 summer games I believe.
They give you a free month. And it's $9.99/mo.
Gotta stay loyal to Wawa, but I used to hit Sheetz during road trips to shows in Reading PA and Sheetz certainly has some good shit.
If I get this game and Lisa from P.T. hops out of a truck, I'm figuring out a way to turn my character's gun on himself.
NJPW has a long way to go to get WCW-big.
Except that's not what he's saying at all.
[USA, NJ] My wife doesn't like to talk about it, but sometime last year or 2016 (honestly can't remember), our TD account was hit with a $2500 transaction...we of course put in a complaint but for the amount, TD needed us to reimburse the amount before they would initiate an investigation; thankfully my MIL had it and was willing to help us. 

Every phone call that my wife has made since has been a series of run around bullshit that hasn't gotten us anywhere to try and figure out WTF happened to our money.

Would your bank link be helpful for our situation?
That's deep.
Wife and I binged our share of SPN - not sure how far we got but we definitely aren't current by any means.

I enjoyed it, there was some really good episodes, but it was never on par with peak X-Files.
I'd ask my dog why, after 5 years of the same routine, he suddenly decides to get separation anxiety after my wife was off for a few days and now pees in the kitchen if we don't put on his Thunder Vest. He'd been such a good boy up to that point, and literally nothing else changed (aside from a slight living room remodel). And I'd listen to whatever those concerns were, and I'd address them and hope that he can go back to being as calm as he was before.
How could you do this?
I know opinions or whatever, but that's just unequivocally wrong. 

X-Files Seasons 2 (latter half) thru first half of 6 have some absolutely fantastic episodes in there and at no point has Supernatural been able to garner the popularity or relevance that X-Files has during that period.
The United States is, despite what the narrative pushes, a constitutional republic.
Then your are a smark.
Wrestling wasn't exposed the way it is now... Bruno Sammartino owned the NY area and sold out the Garden dozens of times, but down south he wouldn't have the appeal.
This is Far Cry 5, isn't it?
Paging /u/Paradox_Guardian
[A special look at Austin's at bats today...](https://media.giphy.com/media/puPJM4QpNjQVa/giphy.mp4)
Bah gawd, back to back Stunners by Austin!
I know it's not a popular opinion around here but seeing Meredith walking in slow mo does things to me and I wish to see her naked.
Kick!

Wham!

Stunner!

WHAT?!
I haven't even played this game and I expected some bullshit.

I need to get this game.
This is only the worst because the La Resistance table bump probably never registered in his brain cause the table knocked him out before the bump.
[Zack Morris is Trash](https://youtu.be/OfwN1rDXd2c)
You got a link or a picture of the listing?
It's a secret to everyone.
Did he really?
Didn't the YES chant turn him heel originally?
Honest to God I had a dream the other day that I was attacked by poultry...

It's a sign.
Then Google Play Music is some bastard step child cause it was never uploaded there.
What are some of your favorite sitcoms?
Calling LP a one-album wonder is grossly ignorant.
...please be kidding.

That's Papa Roach.
Can anyone explain to me why Corbin's theme seems to be the only one that hasn't been uploaded recently? 
> that was a pre-order bonus, its not included in any copies since the first run.

My wife just bought a copy of Fractured But Whole for XBox One from Target last night and it came with the Stick of Truth and Towelie add-ons. So either that Target never sold through their first-run copies, or they're still being printed.
In the right hands, something like that could be done well.

I do not know that those hands exist.

And I tried to keep my description in the order of the letter at the end, but Allison had to go last just for the sake of her having done absolutely nothing to be in detention. 
/u/dvizzle had a post showing the rough draft of the North American title, but as far as I know no final product has been shown.
Unfortunately.
That's awesome...you get to cue up your own entrance theme.
My mom has told me that I, as a kid (like 3 or 4 years old) would dance in front of the TV whenever the "Don't Don't Song" came on. It's kinda become my theme song within the family...so much so that my brother included it in his wedding reception playlist.
It's the story of a brainy kid failing shop class then deciding to bring a flare gun to school to end it all; an athlete succumbing to the pressures of his father and bullying a fellow student in the locker room; the popular cheerleader princess cutting school to go shopping, and the class criminal pulling the fire alarm to break up the monotony of the day.

All while the basket case sits back and observes.
It's showtime.
::Yoda activates his lightsaber::

Vader: This is your defense? Puh-lease. Your puny faith?

Yoda: No...my keen Jedi sense.


(To this day I prefer the Buffy movie to the TV show)
His parents always said, "Stop making that face before it gets stuck that way."

He shoulda listened.
And then having to climb a ladder to grab the championship.
I swear he came back since that broke and swore that Roman was still a part of it.
I can read lips; this was definitely said.
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Question - is Bautista still a Blue Jay?

More importantly - is he still a bat-flipping fuck?
He missed the entirety of the Rumble and WM builds so he's missed the most-dense time in WWE programming.
That's some bullshit - it even played Suzyn's audio for a few seconds before switching over.

Any reason my Echo at work would have a different feed for The Fan through TuneIn? I'm sitting in Plainfield NJ and there's two schlubs talking about god knows what (it is sports related though).
Pics or it didn't happen.
Holy shit, they included the Toe-night Show? I need this game now.

If she wins the title, I assume she jumps to SmackDown; if she loses, she stays on RAW.
First time he did it, I think he was still in the Shield, I thought it was so cheesy but still funny.

Then he did it again.

And again.

And it went from being a funny little thing he did on a whim to probably being something some jagoff told him to do.
I miss those days, where the magic was still alive, where I lost my shit when ~~Marty Jannetty~~ The Undertaker floated up from the Tron after his casket match at Royal Rumble '94, when I was upset when Shawn passed out on RAW...

To be a kid again.
Not sure what you're implying - I came here to get /r/MMA 's perspective, and I see a few condescending comments here insulting WWE but I never see that on /r/SquaredCircle making fun of MMA.

You may not like it, but the 'fake shit' that a lot of MMA fans look down upon...they know how to book a weekly TV show to draw ratings, and its about to usurp UFC of its mainstream outlet.
It's a weird coincidence that every year, the RAW after WrestleMania takes place in Bizarro Land.

On Rusev Day.
The story speculated at the time was that Reigns was nailed for taking Adderal - there's been a guy recently claiming to have evidence that Reigns was buying 'roids off him, but he's been teasing this for over a month and hasn't supplied any kind of proof.
I don't want the Fox Sports analysis team anywhere near WWE - I'd rather have ESPN's Sunday Night Baseball team cover them.

Fuck that, that's a lie. They all suck.
WWE passed the 2mil Subscriber threshold? I actually hadn't heard that.
> WWE is being pretty shrewd when it's giving us our cool indie darlings a steady paycheck, world-class gym facilities and an on-hand medical staff at all times.


I'm a complete noob to the Far Cry franchise, never played any of it, but FC5 is speaking to me for some reason (I think it's the chance to take out a fanatical southern cult)...

Without spoilers, do I need to have ANY information on the previous games? Or is it like Final Fantasy in that the games are connected by name only and not much else?
I wasn't aware of that and I'm sure my wife was unaware or else she'd have never touched 'Girls', naked Kylo be damned.
I can't speak for many of your points, but no one hates Lena Dunham on the basis that she is a female writer; Lena Dunham is hated because she openly admitted to molesting her younger sister for much of her young life.
And...it's a crime John C. McGinley isn't in more things.
Had DARE in 5th and 7th grades - still drank when I turned 21 and smoked pot more than a few times...

You really want to deter someone from trying actually dangerous drugs like heroin and coke? Have them get raised by people that do use those drugs.

Source - was raised by my father, whose autopsy tox screen read like the Periodic Table of Narcotics.
"Twatted" is not a verb I expected to learn today.
O damn, thought of the wrong name. Thanks.
Is ~~Jim Herd~~ Bill Herd running this athletic commission?


Edit - Dammit, I thought of the wrong damn exec. My bad.


Start pointing.
Stephanie is a McMahon... Vince wasn't trained but he took everything Austin threw at him.
That's actually a really good question... It doesn't even say it was like just edited to maybe bump it up through some janky algorithm.
You're just racist against the Gerudo.... that makes you racist AND sexist. 

The worst kind of person.
When you embrace, first you must clasp your hands either in the standard handshake or in the "cooler arm-wrestling" form and keep that between you as the barrier to keep your hearts from connecting too closely... 

Then when you come in, you take your other arm and reach around (careful now) to their back and give them the standard three pats on the back to signal "I'm. Not. Gay." (It is not necessary to say that out loud during the embrace, but it's dealer's choice.)

Finally, once it was established that you are both, in fact, heterosexual, jam your tongues down each other's throats and go to town.
Only if it's one of those flat planets.
I grew up on GTA and have an unrelenting urge to steal cars, bang & kill hookers, and to go bowling.
There are a few caves, but of the 'super obvious rock formation with only a chest or Korok seed within' variety. 
You mention a Rocky montage then go to Karate Kid?
My grandfather used to get happy when people would win big on Price is Right and other game shows... I inherited this same emotional reaction.
You ain't cool unless you pee your pants. 
I haven't watched 31 in a while - what was the live band for 31?
If he had a Lana, all material possessions become obsolete.
He finally embraced it and legally changed his first name?
This is his last, yes.
You got me there, brother brother. You must be a real wrestling fan cause you can name all those indy guys; screw me for growing up on WWE and preferring it to most indies. 
Consider wrestling fans have zero say in what he actually does, the rational people understand that staying for the money is much better for his health and his family than a bunch of indy marks salivating at him working with all the guys you listed.

Would they be good matches? Sure. Would it be worth putting his long term health at higher risk and giving up guaranteed money? Absolutely not. 

He has nothing to prove on the indies.
I'm not your fuck buddy, pal!
It's not their choice so that's ridiculous.
Had to have gum surgery today.
He could have gone worse...

He could have said he was gonna kick their fucking heads in.
I was asking about the banging Donna or Rachel question.

But thank you.
I switched off for a minute... Did I miss something on SmackDown?
Aaron Paul's show? I started the pilot but something wasn't clicking... when does she hop in?
Kevin Ball...Steve Howey from Shameless?
Honestly, in uber-goofy 2008-2010 WWE, Generico would have fit pretty well.
KO just instinctively beats the fuck out of Generico, forgetting or outright unaware until he unmasks him.
How dare you put that thought into the universe.
So they have to duet With My Baby Tonight, right?
I can finally experience the glory days of the Hollywood Blondes.
Owen-Austin Piledriver. I was there, I was 12, and at the time I didn't know how bad it was, I just remember saying "He did it?!" after the "worst-lookin' cradle in the history of the business".
Or have a fat stomach and thin-ish face... :( 

I'd rather the fat face and a 6-pack.
What does it say when I thought that was some of Bayley's best spoken work...?
The way she does all that... good lord.
Same reason they had Cole trouncing all over Daniel Bryan for the better part of like 2 years.
Spirit Squad's last full-time appearance included HHH & HBK sticking them in a box and slapping an OVW sticker on it.


Your uncle just isn't doing...I can't even finish that.
Oh damn I can't listen in work - anyone able to point out what happened?
Sasha's the one that played Scar to Bayley's Mufasa during the Elimination Chamber match.
I've actually been the person that was 'broken up with' on more than one occasion... 

First such friend ghosted me because I (M) had been attracted to her since we were like...12 & 11 respectively (I'm older) and after losing touch and reconnecting, it came to a head when she was turning 21... I had found out she was hanging out with a group of friends that had gotten another one of my friends hooked on pills (which caused a fight with me and a mutual break-up of friendship between us) so I kinda lost it a little, ripped into her for hanging out with them and then I got personal when I started ripping into her choice of boyfriends and said 'the perfect boyfriend was right in front of her'.

I still cringe at that.


I had a friend with a similar situation - we hung out and were pretty inseparable for a while. I (M) had some feelings for her at first, so if she needed money for cigarettes I'd oblige...as we hung out more and my crush leveled out into being happy being friends, she kept asking to borrow a couple bucks here and there, always promising to pay it back but never doing it.

The two worst instances of her asking for money was like $100 to replace a taillight cover from an accident her BF got into and then asking me for $300 to cover...a 'medical procedure.'

I did give the money, but not long after that I started pulling away and just wrote off the money as a life lesson. It never left me broke or anything, I just don't have much of a savings account to speak of.


Mainstream media coverage the day after Mania will determine that you are wrong.
And at present moment, you have equal upvotes to his downvotes - I will not upvote you or downvote him for the sake of the symmetry. 
Oh yeah, doesn't he have a partial bicep tear?
> Suppressing the popularity of it by having him wrestle against guys more over than Rusev, thus preventing people from breaking out into Rusev Day


Except that did nothing to stop the chants and by positioning Rusev against the top two faces in the company starts the train of thought in younger fans that Rusev can hang and be viable in the main event.
Elias doesn't discriminate.
Totally sounded like it
Put Elias in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
Why is Rachel Ray breaking up this fight?
Nonsense, Matt Hardy is white with no previous terrorist ties and clear mental issues...
You must be new to the Woken Warrior Matt Hardy.
Yeah but those kids that don't grow up watching Superstars every week don't already know.
Stephanie hesitant to insult Kurt with HHH right there with an insult.

I like that touch.
Ronda got hers last week, so I don't see why not
15 guys on SmackDown alone use the Superkick
Last time she came out to her own theme the heat escaped the building so fast hats at ringside were sucked up into the vents.
Story I recall was that Hogan didn't want to do the Tag Title match unless he was thrown into the main event to win the belt.

Here is [Bret Hart's perspective](https://prowrestlingstories.com/pro-wrestling-stories/the-controversy-behind-hulk-hogan-winning-the-title-at-wrestlemania-ix/)
Bret Hart - Yoko won after Fuji threw salt in Bret's eyes during the Sharpshooter.
Very good movie, wasn't looking to break any ground - also, performed well enough to earn a sequel. 
First thought that came to mind, mostly cause I saw it pretty recently - it had no right to be as good as it was, and it could have easily sucked so badly but they did it very well.
DOLLA DOLLA
The sale worked if you bought select Switch games at full price; the other systems I think the whole line was covered, not just select titles.
To add on, I've seen video game accessories listed at 10% off (what that covers, I don't know).

Even before the 5% discount was applied, the systems were all wiped at the stores I've checked in.
I need to listen to that Talking Shop again. Probably the funniest one. I miss hearing about the adventures of Cheryl's Taint, North Dakota.
They cut out the part where Stephanie slaps The Rock, which is what prompted him to get Ronda in the first place.
It's out already? Shit I thought I had another week or two.
The logo changed in 2014 with the Network, and fully changed by SummerSlam.
Would the Blue Jays game be broadcasting on YES?
REGAL! GET BETTER LAW ENFORCEMENT!
When the contract runs out, there is no no- compete because there's no contract.
I'm so sorry...

...

She could have been bleeding, we just wouldn't have known.
Am I seeing correctly that the WrestleMania edition isn't coming to the States?
Booty Os Aren't Booty Os
> Hopefully her contract runs out soon so she can wrestle elsewhere where far less people will ever set eyes on her again.


She's a star because she's in WWE; leaving now would be foolish.

And I agree that there are a few women that should have their own stories going into the Battle Royal - Sasha and Bayley being two of them. They should be one-on-one at Mania, not Battle Royal fodder.
Piston Honda is the Japanese guy in the NES and Wii games... Piston Hurricane is a black gentleman in the SNES and arcade games.
Pretty sure I paid $60 for The Last of Us on PS4.
Seems it was delayed in Japan over fan complains that it would only feature English voices? If I'm reading that correctly. 
Wouldn't it now be available on PC?
If you just want to one-and-done the story, you could get a PS3 for pretty cheap and a used copy of the PS3 game pretty low too...

Outside of that, and I hate to say this but this is what got me to want to play the game... watch playthroughs on YouTube where they include the story. That's what got me into being a fan, and then I bought it for the PS4.
Aaaand added to Watch Later for after work.


Thank you.
So we're just recreating [Eurotrip](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUexzDFhWtM) now? I'm in.
I will now imagine a team of top men, gathered by a round table, spending countless hours pouring through all the New Day footage trying to decipher the socio-political messages behind Booty-Os and Unicorn Horns. 
I have to wonder, who downvoted this? Probably OP, as he and like 15 other users have been whoring this site all week.
Who the fuck said pancakes are racist? 
School hallways.
Well the one would summon his friends. 
> Joey Janela v Tama Tonga

[GCW 6/13/15](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_EiZHAQdYw)
Which one had Robert Patrick in it? 12 Rounds or The Marine? I prefer whichever one he was in.
Rock made a self-deprecating joke about Doom about 10 years ago (Jesus time flies)...

When Rock was inducting his father into the WWE Hall of Fame, he steered the speech into the hot-button issue of the military and the accusations of torture; turns out the worst case of torture was gathering up insurgents and forcing them to watch DVD copies of the movie The Marine.

Which led to the birth of [this face.](https://media1.tenor.com/images/883c712fbfe07607104c46e83e44af2d/tenor.gif?itemid=5439924) 

Rock then apologized and said something like, "Don't worry about it John, it happens; I made 'Doom'."
You're taking the opinions of people you don't know way too seriously... I don't know what other threads you're talking about, but I see actual responses in support of the style but not for the audiences that WWE reach.

And even within this comment you mention how you've deliberately submitted troll posts so how is anyone supposed to take anything you say seriously?

We discuss grown men in tights that punch, kick and slam each other for fun... it's fun to discuss, but unless you have a personal financial stake in the outcomes and well-being of the product, you shouldn't be that upset if topic discussions don't go your way.

Breathe. It will be ok.
I get that people want to create content but it's getting out of hand. 
Just cause they have goofy characters doesn't mean it's as good as Punch Out. Throwing in Wii Boxing controls isn't the answer.
A **Virtual** Reality console? **Boy** what were they thinking?
The arcade version of Punch Out is wildly different than the NES Punch Out - characters changed, there's no Rounds, the KO meter you'll remember in Super Punch Out came from the Arcade of the original Punch Out.
Thanks to PS+, I'm playing Ratchet and Crank for the first time and I have to say I love it...it feels like I'm playing inside of a Pixar movie. I love the narrative presentation and the graphics look great.


Anyone that's played on both PS4 and a Pro be able to tell me what kind of bump I should expect when I finally grab the Pro sooner than later? 
Can they bring that female ref up from NXT to officiate? 

She's still in NXT, right?
Why TF is Corbin on Spotify and not Google Play Music? I swear, if it wasn't for ad-free YouTube, I'd have gone back to Spotify.
They also specifically picked those stars for a reason - they were from Community.

It was more for the Community crowd than the Netflix dick measuring.
Youtube Red != Red Tube... that's something completely different.
The baby poops in the bucket or Brie does?
I don't think that's the case... I believe all the Bullets in that course have permanent hats on.
Time to watch iZombie.
> you're left with your old NES because "Mario doesn't pull this kinda shit."

Until n64 when the piano comes to life and tries to eat you alive.
There is a moon objective in Mario Odyssey - it isn't timed, but you have a GIANT FUCKING BULLET BILL chasing your ass and you can't stop or he will fuck your day up, and you're running across pillars as mini Bills are breaking apart the floor underneath you.

There's an even harder objective in the floor below that which I have yet to, and have no desire to, complete.
I like that password scheme - my wife and I know each other's passwords so getting us on the same page would be a bitch though.
It's because he doesn't give a shit about anyone's kids.
Don't worry, Granny went swimming in the Lake of Reincarnation...she's just fine.
Doom has stolen all of Toon Town's most fashionable costumes - no more Fantasia Mickey, or Opera Bugs Bunny - and Roger Rabbit recruits the Fashion Police to pick up the lead and track it down.
The Modern-Day Poke-Master!
Why can't I choose the 'algorithm' used in my feed? IG, I'll open it and see a post from 4 days ago that maybe I missed...why can't I choose to see newest, or choose to see the most popular from the week or whatever other category they want.

Not that a lot of people would know who it was, but part of me hopes they reach out to Lindsey Stirling to play his live violin parts... having her do Nakamura's backward bend pose while still playing the notes on violin would be a damn cool moment.
Has his entrance changed since NXT and I didn't notice?
Don't forget about Prince Nevitt.
It's not a sport though?

Everyone involved in it should be worried about making the most money they can while they can.
Depending on how Bryan's next year goes, I could see Nowinski being a viable Warrior Award candidate for his work on concussion studies.
Joel tells you to cut that shit out and berates you while the next section loads.
Yes cause the Switch is so fucked and abandoned. 3DS is so fucked too, right?
Gonna try this from memory...


"Stupid, no-good, goddamn freeloading son of a bitch! Retarded, big mouth, know-it-all asshole jerk!"

"You forgot 'ugly, lazy, and disrespectful...'"

"SHUT UP BITCH! Go fix me a turkey pot pie!"
In the bubble of the March 3 release window and my first 30-40 hours of playing it, absolutely 10/10. 

Post-release, still enjoyable but the wishlist of what it could have been has grown and took the shine off it a little bit.
Ooof...can I ask what you didn't like?
I have iris scanner and facial recognition on my Note 8, PLUS a fingerprint scanner... so there you go.
It's a TV show.
He was in full heel mode, so stopping for autographs wasn't in his day plans... fans stopped his vehicle and swarmed it. He got out to address security while pissed off at them for not doing their jobs. When he went to get back in his car, someone touched or grabbed him from behind; he turned and swung at the first thing he saw.

Being in his situation, he may have felt unsafe with a crowd of people around.

[Clip](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uXU58_e_Q68) I'm in work so I can't verify the audio quality.
Is Ganon summoning his Calamity form, or am I reading into that too much?
Not hardly. 
There are so many places I probably found once, got sidetracked and never came back. Even after getting the 120 Shrines...


While we have little knowledge of his relationships prior to the Great Calamity (which sounds like something Woken Matt would come up with, but I digress)...with the amount of people lusting after Link in the game, I can only assume he shouldn't be wearing white.
That sucks... I was hoping they'd get a one-on-one.

So I'm guessing Bayley costs Sasha the Battle Royal but she probably won't win the whole thing.
The 812th Incarnation of RBarton
That's the worst name I ever heard.
Joey Numbas? Weren't you Tazz's informant?
Wait, did they announce Sasha and Bayley in the Battle Royal and not one-on-one?
Neither is Bruce Willis but that doesn't make him any less successful.
Who's Dragon? I know a guy that's named Daniel Bryan that's still GM on SmackDown.
She knew that afternoon.
You son of a bitch
If you can't find the match you're looking for, might I suggest a streaming service that would fit your needs for the low low price of $9.99/mo.
I'd download the shit out of a sled.
This is beautiful.

And upvoted because I have a friend that calls me Ducky.
Yup, gonna get thrown onto the preshow, go for 5 minutes then get turned into the Andre the Giant Memorial Battle Royal.
Please never start a post title with hiiiiiiiiiiiiiya again.

Thanks.
What direct correlation does Bryan's return have with Roman? Honestly asking, what does one have to do with the other?
You have a kid?

"Son, I wish you would try harder to make friends and try to fit in."
Ignorance is bliss.
WTF are on about with Bret and Shawn humping a Native American?
YES!
[I'm afraid I've got some bad news](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NBMjSaGMG8s)
They kept her on a very short leash and she did what they let her do surprisingly well.
Goddammit.

You earned that upvote.
Opinions can't be wrong.
> Bryan/Cena/Taker tho

Cena finally gets his historic match, icon vs. icon, on the Grandest Stage.

And Bryan is still just looking for a hug from the Undertaker.
You sick sick bastard.

I await the results.
We'd get some weird Elephant Man monstrosity, wearing Zodiac facepaint, Booty Man's tights and holding Barber sheers.
I can see Randy Orton's dick upclose in V.R.? Take my money.
Snookie had one of the best handspring elbow spots in the history of the business and I'll have no one tell me any different.
The neck was not what kept him sidelined.
Do concussions lead to paralysis? 

His neck was never a concern.
The Rumble is on a Friday, unless you skip Tuesday and watch it Friday.

I did just read something that claimed it was 7pm EDT but I doubt that was correct.

I'm happy with my current job but if I ever got to the point of looking, I'd honestly see if I could find somewhere that offered it.
Gordon Ramsey?
Honestly, going into BOTW completely blind to the LoZ lore is perfect considering the starting scenario of the game.
But hey, YouTube views equal money too.
And Joe's Coquina Clutch.
I believe 7pm local time for Saudi Arabia... The conversion I looked at put it at noon for NJ so work it out from there depending on where you live.
"I haven't watched WWE since The Rock was Corporate Champ; what's so special about Daniel Bryan?"

Essentially the same thing.
We don't judge.
They're not - they're there at work every week, just not as wrestlers. Cole and Stephanie have actual jobs within WWE that extend beyond "commentary" and "commissioner".
If you didn't enjoy the original Deletion segments, I'm not surprised you feel this way; if you liked them but are opposed to this one, I don't understand the problem.
You lucky SOB.
I didn't see that... She was still super protective of her face but she didn't fall out of the way before any contact was made.
None of what? The bumps?
It was a lot better than last night.
Alexa taking the strikes a billion times better today.
She does, in the dimples... Whatever those are called.
Replace 'lower back piercings' with literally anything.
It was a different position.

They've got a few more pages to work through.
I'd never say to buy a console just for one game.

But those games after worth buying the whole console for.
Well Charlotte is a no selling piece of garbage.
It seems mean but there's only one appropriate response...

Yes.
Nah, some boring opening promo by the authority figure.
Well unless you want the Rumble hijacked again...
I have to wonder how Corey feels... Is he content as an announcer? Or does he want his case reevaluated?
Anyone he'd heel out on, we'd just find reasons that DBry is in the right.
Punk just threw something across the room.
Imagine the rating they'll get with this already announced.

The pop will stay the same.
IT!
> BREAKING NEWS: Miz's security teams' heads have all gotten their fucking heads kicked in.
> 
> > 

FTFY
WWE's official Reddit account...it couldn't be any more official unless Vince himself walked up to you and told you himself.
I see it happening after a Shakeup and heading into Summerslam.
There's a MegaThread that's literally #1 in All.
Your link for the Monster video is just a duplicate of the Winning @ WM 30 video.
Black? Really? Who are you, The Miz?
He was World Champion and Intercontinental Champion prior to getting hurt... so terribly used.
This story is literally #1 on all of Reddit...no need to post outside of the Megathread.
Yes, Daniel Bryan is still GM for SmackDown and was likely on tonight anyway, as Shane was just assaulted last week.
Venture onto the wrong post?
Calm down there.
WWE would not be risking his health if they weren't sure he'd be okay. Bryan had been seeing a handful of outside specialists and they all cleared him, it was WWE's staff that was hesitant...until today.
> 
> 

Depends on how long ago you stopped - a few things have changed, but not many. 

Tonight, you'll see Shinsuke Nakamura, who you may have heard of from ROH or NJPW; Bobby Roode is feuding with Randy Orton, New Day was murdered a week or so ago but if they're healthy they'll be throwing pancakes at people, and Shane McMahon seems to be heading toward some kind of WM match w/ Kevin Owens and/or Sami Zayn.
Likewise... Some days I'm versatile and making plays, but I cannot for the life of me aerial, I'll miss simple wall stops, misjudge where an opponent is aiming the ball and all around suck quite often.

MAXIMUM DEREK!
Do we still get to keep the coke?
Oh shirt, sorry.
Probably forking Chidi.

Edited for The Good Place.
YES!
With Daniel Bryan cleared, I'm now convinced there IS a Good Place.
Can Smackdown just be a 2-hour YES chant tonight?
YES!
People that didn't like the originals weren't going to like this, so there was no winning them over.

People that liked the originals but didn't like the WWE version probably don't like it just because WWE did it and they were wrong with their "WWE IS GUNNA RUIN IT!!!11!" bullshit.
So WWE submits the edit to Hulu.

I wonder, does WWE do this to drive people to YouTube to view the omitted clips?
Get a few friends together and let them play out their own characters.
I'm biased, but I think Horizon fell off the radar because it released the same week as the Switch and Breath of the Wild. Diehard Sony fans might not have been paying attention, but the general gaming public was focused on Zelda and the Switch that Horizon got swept aside very quickly. 

You need look no further than the billion Game of the Year awards that have been handed out.

That said, when I finally commit to getting a PS4 Pro, HZD is the game I'm getting with it and I can't wait.
The two games that immediately come to mind where I wish I could erase all knowledge of it and start fresh:

The Last of Us

Breath of the Wild
I'm at level 40 (can't remember the name) but recently there have been a lot of rookies showing up with the pros and veterans. And I don't know that they're smurfs - they play like I did when I was a rookie.
> Reba 

I believe it's Arriba, and what would Tito Santana's sister care about Bray Wyatt or Sister Abigail?