They have exclusive use of .edu too.
The US also has exclusive use of .edu too which I always thought was kind of bullshit. We have to use .ac.uk in the UK. 
128GB and 256GB phones are reasonably common at the high end now. 
Honestly though it could be a lot worse. As with all countries there is a lot that could be improved, but there‘s a lot to be happy about too. Enjoy what you can and try to help fix what needs fixing. 
It was further up the thread, I honestly can’t be bothered to go back and copy the link for the source because nothing I say will change your mind.  

As for your other point: cool, have you received healthcare in the UK? Because I spent July to December last year in hospital being treated for cancer. Maybe I would have had better treatment in the US. But my treatment in the UK was both fantastic and didn’t bankrupt my family. I also didn’t lose my job, which is a common occurrence in that situation in the US from what I hear. In fact my work continued to pay me for the six months I was out of work because they figured I had enough on my plate.

I don’t dispute that your healthcare is probably overall better, and certainly on the cutting edge. But what good is it when actually using it ruins so many lives?
And yet, you’re 57th in the world for infant mortality. Great quality healthcare that everyone can access is better than excellent healthcare that bankrupts hundreds of thousands of people per year, and is totally out of reach for many people. And if you don’t agree with that, turns out socialised healthcare doesn’t prevent private healthcare from existing. We have private health care available in the UK. 
What I feel is discussed less is the problem of having health insurance tied to your job. Combined with the US’ general lack of worker’s rights compared to the rest of the world, it opens up a lot of possibilities for employers to take advantage of employees. Sounds like you’ve got a good employer which is great, but it must really suck to be stuck in an awful job that you can’t afford to quit because your healthcare would go with it. 
Something to consider is that the first ~£11,000 per year you earn in the U.K. is tax free. So a person earning £23,556 a year is only paying taxes on about £12-13k of that. 
Worker’s rights is the other big one. There is a laundry list of third world countries with better worker’s rights than America. 
Man, I wish I could do this at work. Instead, marketing has sold another year long project on a six month budget, and signed off another tragically bare “scope” without any developer input. Cue many months of trying to simultaneously build a system and decipher the actual requirements.

We have so many projects that are in upsetting states of disrepair and several with behaviour that is downright illegal once GDPR kicks in next month. But the boss knows the onus is on the client and not the contractor, and so nothing gets done unless someone else is footing the bill. 
I wouldn’t go that far; it still has a much larger impact on battery life especially than other browsers. I still use it for development work, both because it’s the most popular browser and because its dev tools are second to none, but I quit it and use something else as soon as I need to unplug my laptop. It’s better than it was but it’s still pretty poor. 

Things only get worse when you throw Electron apps into the mix. 
On the iOS app, I get approximately half the battery life that I do streaming video from my NAS, even when the NAS content is higher bitrate and resolution. 4-5 hours vs 8-9. It’s pathetic. But they deliberately gimp the quality to what looks like sub-720p (it looks like hot garbage anyway) on the mobile site, so I have no choice but to use their shitty app if I don’t want everything to look like trash. 
My mum spent £70 on a replacement iPhone 6 screen when she broke hers. The replacement looked like it had come from the original iPhone. Colours were washed out and inverted almost as soon as you looked at it off-axis, and it protruded out slightly from the body. It didn’t have a proximity sensor so she was constantly accidentally muting people with her face, and about 10% of the time you went to unlock it it was just completely unresponsive. 
Especially considering that despite what r/technology thinks, a well-looked-after iPhone has a very long useful lifespan in smartphone terms. The 5S is on its, what, 4th or 5th year of software support? It might not be the most fun thing to use but it’s still secure and up to date. 

It’s really fucking shitty that you either have to have Apple repair or replace it or take a gamble with garbage quality third-party components, and OEM parts should be available for purchase.  But it’s just as shitty that top-end Android phones can launch with already outdated software, and then be completely abandoned when something new comes out. I’m aware of flashing ROMs but that’s no better a solution than buying an awful quality Chinese iPhone screen. 
>	People like to point out that math like adding strings and numbers produces weird results... Well, don't add strings and numbers. And that's how you get bad code.

Normally I’d agree with you but yesterday I wasted 15 minutes scratching my head over an issue that turned out to be caused by me not noticing that the API I was using was returning numerical values as strings. Of two values, I was doing division on one first, which meant it was type coerced into an actual number. But then I was attempting addition and comparison with the other, which was being treated as string concatenation and comparison instead. 

100% my fault, I should have been performing some basic sanitation on something from an API anyway, but in a strictly typed language it would have thrown an error and I would have known what was wrong immediately. 
I completely agree, the HD version is pretty in its own way but the original has a very tight visual theme that was lost somewhat in the conversion. It would be cool if they’d done something like the Halo or Monkey Island remasters, where you can which between new and original graphics at will. 
I’ve gotta admit, the HD re-release is the only version I’ve actually finished. But it’s my go-to game for testing displays with the GameCube purely because of how colourful it is and how vibrant the cel-shading looks. Plus I have the version with the Ocarina of Time disc included so I guess it’s worth holding on to. 
Yeah, turns out it’s hard to take good photos of CRTs with a phone! And the games I tried out do go flat out on the saturated colours. I’ve not made any picture changes yet though, I’ll perhaps tweak it a bit if it ends up needing it. 

Thanks for your answer. I’ve had a look around and from what I can see this thing doesn’t seem to have any scan options beyond a fixed underscan button. In fact it doesn’t seem to have a menu or OSD of any sort, I guess it’s too old. Not to worry though, while I’m playing a game it’s barely even noticeable and certainly not a problem. 
Something about the white(ish) case of the -MD tubes just looks so damn cool.
I got this for what I consider to be a pretty bargain price of £70 + £10 shipping, which for a 14" PVM in good condition from eBay in the UK seems to be a pretty great price. Almost all the > 9" tubes here seem to be sold by people hoarding them and asking for hundreds of pounds in some cases.

The geometry isn't 100% but is far better than I'd hoped considering that, from what I can tell, it's older than I am, and generally I'm pleasantly surprised by how sharp and vibrant it is. I've posted about my first PVM before; a very mistreated 14M4E that is practically falling apart. Being older and lower resolution I'd intended to treat this as more of a backup for when that inevitably collapses under its own weight, but I actually think I'll be using this as my primary tube from now on.

Two questions for people more knowledgable than me:

1. I'm presuming it's entirely down to the signal my GameCube is outputting, but is there any way to increase the overscan slightly for the RGB input? My N64 over S-video seems to scan slightly wider and so the image fills the entire screen, whereas RGB out of the GameCube has a slight border on the left and right. No big deal, but if I can improve it I'd like to.

2. If you check the last image in the album, you'll notice a odd white glow that appears at the top of the screen during dark/black frames. This does not appear at all when running games at 50Hz, only 60. Does anyone know what might be causing it and how I could potentially get rid of it? Again it's barely an issue at all but if I can fix it all the better.
The issue is that cross-platform UIs are only good for developers, and tend to be anywhere from not ideal to complete garbage for users. I totally understand that it’s the only feasible way for a lot of applications to even exist multi-platform, but I hate the idea of it being a goal rather than a compromise. 

Cross platform UIs almost never behave right and often miss a lot of the subtle behaviours and features of the platform. The break the subconscious knowledge you build up living with a platform’s idiosyncrasies and rarely have extra effort put in to support a feature that isn’t present on every platform. You also end up completely beholden to the framework developer to support new system features you might want to use.
There are probably some apps that purport to do it but they’re scams. There is a very very narrow range of services that can run endlessly in the background on iOS; mostly VoIP, media playback, and navigation. Anything else just gets small slices of time allocated by the OS to do anything it needs to then gets put to sleep. If you kill background apps on iOS, you’re actually burning more battery because cold-booting an app takes significantly more CPU time than resuming an app already in memory. 
Developers gotta eat too man.
I have no issue talking about myself a little but there is fuck all interesting about me to a stranger. I mean there’s fuck all interesting about me to *me*, which is why I can never think of anything to say. 

I am a thoroughly boring person, and perfectly happy to be this way, but trying to explain that to someone else just makes it sound like I’m either miserable or deliberately obtuse. 
Yep, this always confuses the shit out of me whenever it comes up. I’m still not sure if there’s some difference between standard joined-up writing and cursive. Writing joined-up is just...how everyone writes here. Are most Americans actually printing every single letter individually when they write? My hand is cramping just thinking about it. 
Ehh I’d be willing to bet a fuck ton more people have a Lightning cable lying around than USB-C
The problem with all software being free is that you end up with a very noticeable bias towards the main interests of software developers: software development and systems with which to better develop software. The Linux kernel and command line GNU tools are absolutely fantastic and I can’t imagine doing my day to day work without them. But when you step over to GUI software it falls apart pretty quickly.

The nicest thing you can say about Open/Libre Office is that it’s functional. But it’s kind of terrible compared to Microsoft Office, because Microsoft has a huge financial motive to make it excellent for people who aren’t software developers. Same goes for Photoshop vs GIMP, or Logic vs Audacity. 

There’s almost always a FOSS equivalent, and it’s almost always kinda crappy in comparison. And I genuinely don’t mean to disparage the hard work those developers do, it’s just always going to be insanely difficult to go toe to toe with billions of dollars. Even the Linux kernel itself has tons of contributions from huge multinationals. 
You are correct, he played Gordon Crisp. He was a minor character but in quite a few episodes.
Google’s DNS always seemed to fuck with my ISP’s internal caching of YouTube content for reasons I couldn’t quite work out, resulting in odd but predictable buffering. I’m having no such issues with this. 
The Daily Mail. It’s the worst of humanity distilled into printed (or in this case, online) form. It is a truly awful publication and should not be given attention at any time. 
Depends what you think you’ll want to write. If you want to write web stuff that runs in the browser, you’ve basically got no choice as it’s the only language available. If you want to write more traditional “desktop” software or native mobile software, you’d be better served with other languages (though the learning curve may be higher). 

Please note that you can definitely write desktop and mobile software with web technology (Electron, React Native, etc) but personally I find the end result to almost always be hot garbage, so I don’t recommend it, although many people do. 
Personally I’ve never understood this logic. If something would normally cause a fatal error it is undoubtedly a mistake. A programming language should not try to piece together the intention of bad programmers, at least in my opinion. 
I agree. I definitely see the attraction but an SPA that behaves as nicely as “native” rendering, for lack of a better term, is incredibly rare. Even using all the tools available like the History API you often get janky results (see the web PlayStation Store for example). You also get kind of odd behaviour sometimes, like Vice’s websites load immediately, but then on slower devices like phones it takes 3-4 seconds for the JavaScript to finish building the page content. So you’re just staring at a white screen for a few seconds even though the browser says everything is done loading. 
Not true in the UK. My girlfriend added me as a named driver on her insurance because I’d held a licence for five years. Dropped the price by £200, despite me never owning or driving a car in those years. 
Oh yeah I know, I wasn’t saying they didn’t have the same ratio, I meant it’s wider because it’s bigger (it’s also taller). Split screen on the 10.5 shows more content than the 9.7, and it causes this weird wrapping. 
I mean what’s even the point of the test? Surely an omnipotent god already knows the outcome? It’s like playing with your food 
I would guess this is to do with the use of React. How these things usually work is the actual page loads with very little content in the DOM, because it’s all dynamically populated by JavaScript. The problem is that when you click back, the content you were looking at isn’t actually there when the page first loads. It loads in within a second or two, but by that point it’s too late.

I’ve never done much with React myself (Vue master race), but there will almost certainly be ways around this. Data-binding frameworks are enormously powerful and make your life easier in many ways, but you the more of the page content you generate with them, the more you have to go out of your way to make sure basic browser functionality continues to work as expected. 
What on earth made you choose Lisp as a back-end language? I mean evidently it worked but...why?
I’m a big of fan of Vue, and it seems to be increasing in popularity at a decent rate. 
I’m guessing it only happens on iPad Pros with them being a little wider. It happens on my 10.5
This is a land seal 
It’s possible, but you can verify that it’s not happening by snooping your own traffic. 
Not the case. They can listen for a specific trigger word, i.e. “OK Google” or “Hey Siri”. In the case of Google Assistant, Alexa, and Siri, this listening is done locally. They don’t start transmitting until they hear the phrase. Your phone is not transcribing everything you say. 
That’s a good point actually. Was there even a way to subscribe to object changes when jQuery was new? Kind of integral to the whole data-binding model. 
That’s true. Bootstrap is the biggest one for us I think. Although we are looking at moving away towards something more utility-focused, so it might not even be a concern for new projects within a year or two. 
I would say that vanilla turns to spaghetti (what an odd phrase) just as easily as jQuery, but two factors set them apart. 

Firstly, jQuery is a fair bit easier to do more complex things with, especially for the beginner. When I was first learning JavaScript and discovered jQuery it was better enough than vanilla JS for UI stuff that I didn’t feel any need to properly research what was out there, especially considering that things like React have quite a steep learning curve (even more so when you throw transpilers and bundlers in there). So you carry on with jQuery until one day you need to create something complex, and it turns into a monster. That’s not really jQuery’s fault, but in my experience it is how it gets used. 

Secondly, the wide range of plugins available mean that beginners can create things fairly impressive in scope just by tying together pre-built components with just enough glue code to make everything work. But, when something goes wrong or the spec changes, it becomes incredibly difficult to make changes due to either inflexibility of the plugin, the developer’s lack of experience, or both. Again, not jQuery’s fault, but it happens a lot. 

We see the same thing at my job with WordPress actually, my company insists on outsourcing smaller projects to WP developers but then when something goes wrong we get stuck trying to fix it because all the WP devs know how to do is install and configure plugins. 

Tl;dr: It doesn’t in particular, but it’s just powerful enough to be dangerous. 
Stack Overflow is awful for this. It’s even worse if the basis for your question is curiosity rather than practicality, i.e. “I know it generally isn’t best practice to do x, but is it actually possible?”. Prepare to be swiftly downvoted and for every single answer to be a variation on “you shouldn’t be doing x”. 
It’s fallen very much out of vogue these days to be fair, and for good reason. People leaned too much on it for anything and everything, when it’s only really well suited to a narrow set of tasks, mostly making basic DOM manipulation less of a PITA to type out. Outside of that it’s far too easy to end up with unmaintainable spaghetti code. One of the projects I maintain has an ecommerce product catalogue written solely with spaghetti jQuery. Even locating where particular things are triggered makes me want to claw my eyes out. 

Anyone needing their UI tied to reasonably complex behaviour these days would do much better with a data-bound library like Vue or React combined with something like Lodash for utility and collection stuff. 
When I used to sell phones, it was a fairly common occurrence for people to come in complaining that their new iPhone’s ear piece didn’t work. Every single time it was because they’d left the plastic on, and it covers the ear piece (probably deliberately, to make it painfully obvious that it’s supposed to be removed). If I was a dick I’d have maintained eye contact while peeling it off, but people were always super embarrassed so I’d just tell them not to worry and that it was more common than they’d expect (which it was to be fair). 
Safari natively supports content blockers as a more generic implementation of ad blockers on both iOS and and macOS. I use one called 1Blocker on my phone and my laptop and have no issues. 
Loose is the opposite of tight, and rhymes with goose. Lose is the opposite of find and rhymes with brews. 
The AGS-101 is the best Game Boy you can get without modding a 101 screen into an AGB. Plays every GB, GBC, and GBA game and has an absolutely fantastic screen that still looks decent today. The micro is super cool but doesn’t play GB/C games and the screen is a lot more washed out than the 101. 
Would be nice to see Virgin/other Openreach alternatives available in more areas though. We’re very competitive on price but not always quality of service. My options where I live are 5-6 ISPs leasing capacity from Openreach that absolutely max out at 70ish mbps (and that would be if I basically live inside the cabinet), or Virgin who can offer 200mbps for not all that much more and 300mbps if I’m willing to pay a bit extra.

Every couple of years Virgin likes to offer a fairly hefty speed boost in exchange for me not cancelling when they increase the bill by more than the RPI (usually only a £2-3 increase so whatever), whereas there’s no amount of money I could pay to other ISPs to get anything close. 
It’s a distributed ledger, so if something can in any way be based on, or benefit from, an immutable and trustworthy (about as trustworthy as anything digital can be) record of events, it can benefit from a blockchain-based implementation. 

I wasn’t entirely sold on the idea but [this (very long) article](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/01/16/magazine/beyond-the-bitcoin-bubble.html) by the New York Times makes some compelling use cases. 
They do, but they’re parsed without variable substitution. So

`$bar = ‘bar’;`

`echo “foo {$bar}”; // prints“foo bar”  `

`echo ‘foo {$bar}’; //prints ‘foo {$bar}’`
Could also just be plain old PHP, but with the string single quoted instead of double quoted. 
Passing data from the server and browser has always felt like it could be far better to me.

If you fetch it asynchronously and keep things pure in the sense of avoiding mixing languages, you have to set up API endpoints (which in my experience usually involves adding an API authentication layer separate to your normal session auth), and make extra requests for data you probably already had when you were generating the page. 

But if you dynamically insert it into the page template you’re doing things like hacking JavaScript together out of PHP as you describe, which both feels horribly wrong and can be a real pain in the ass considering PHP arrays try to be every data structure, behaving neither entirely like objects or normal arrays. If you’re trying to pass data into external/bundled scripts it’s far too easy to end up polluting the global scope too. 
I am far from Javascript’s biggest fan, but I wish destructuring, the spread operator, and arrow functions with implicit return were in every language. I feel like I’m typing an essay every time I have to write a closure in PHP. 
Swift is a nice language. It still has a lot of room for improvement, and a lot of things it can and should steal from other languages (async/await please), but it’s heading in the right direction. 
JavaScript is alright if you lean heavily into stuff like Webpack and Babel to let you to use the newest language features and then bundle everything up in a safe and sane way. The project I’m working on at the minute compiles the base stuff into a common script that’s loaded on every page, then uses dynamic import to asynchronously load modules that are heavier and less common only when they’re needed. I only ever have to include the one file and it pretty much handles the rest itself.

It‘s still considerably less structured than the back-end (mostly because we use Laravel which is very opinionated), and you can still have a bit of a mess trying to decide where to pass data from the server via templates and where you should set up API endpoints and fetch it asynchronously, but it’s infinitely better than random fragments of race-condition-prone script littered across your templates. 

I hope TypeScript catches on just because I’ve never believed the benefits of loosely typed languages are actually benefits. 
I don’t see the problem here. I’m not trying to be confrontational, I just can’t see how preventing accidental overflows while allowing you to explicitly opt into them is a bad thing. 
It’s technically a general purpose scripting language, with a fair amount of bindings into system and C functions and a wide range of available software packages. You can totally use it in many of the same ways you would Python or Ruby, but if you do you’re probably insane. 
Yup, font is wrong
You should always consider the client-side to be compromised, considering all you have to do is open up the console and start typing to inject your own JavaScript into a page. Always validate submitted data on the side you control. 
Yeah, client-side validation is only good for preventing accidents and mistakes, it’s near useless for preventing malice. 
Undeclared deserves more love than it gets
Currently rewatching Freaks and Geeks. That show gives me nostalgia for 80s small town America, which is weird considering I was born in Britain in the 90s. I love it so much. 
I now own 20,000 Louis Theroux t-shirts sooo...pretty awesome. 
No, but they make an absolutely tremendous amount of money from our money. That’s kind of the deal. 
Instructions unclear; got crushed under the intense weight of node_modules
True, but not too much point in a large front garden imo. You rarely spend time there–better to build the house further forward and have a larger back garden. Although a lot of our back gardens are quite small by US standards too. 
Chrome ships it’s own embedded version of Flash, at least for now. It’s disabled by default and has to be enabled on a per-site basis, but it saves having to install it. 
We do web development primarily, but because we’re a very small department (6 people) we also do all of the day-to-day server admin and general upkeep between us. Linux has all the tools we rely on without having to install separate subsystems. We all use Docker extensively too, which is better on Linux than on macOS or Windows. The department used to use Windows a few years before I joined, but it offers us no advantage and none of us really like it in all honesty. 

We use Ubuntu 16.04. I think the plan is to upgrade to 18.04 once it’s out, but we haven’t really discussed it. 
They don’t have to be though. If PDF was what everyone used they’d be just as easy to edit as Word documents. 
As someone who uses Linux 8 hours a day at work and a Mac without Office at home, I wish PDF was the de facto document standard rather than DOCX. Most things will display fine in LibreOffice/Pages, but I never know if there’s anything that’s missing or not displaying correctly. Whereas with few exceptions you can pretty much guarantee a PDF is going to look the same everywhere. macOS has really deep support for them too; anything that can be printed with the standard system dialogue can be exported as a PDF. 
Deleting the app is the best thing I’ve done for a while. I don’t want to deactivate my account entirely because there are a few people for which Facebook is the easiest way to keep in touch, as well as some events that I would just miss entirely due to the assumption that everyone has and checks Facebook. 

But I no longer have their dog-shit, bloated, battery hogging application on my phone, and the lack of the icon staring me in the face constantly means I never feel compelled to go check it. Since then, I check it maybe twice a week, and what do you know—there is almost never anything I’ve missed. 
Apparently HTML5+CSS3 is actually Turing complete, oddly enough. I’m not sure how I feel about that. 
I guess it’s more of an issue on Android as notification icons display up there, but on iOS there’s nothing of importance that won’t fit either side of the notch. The only change I would make is being able to choose what I want displayed up there as I don’t give a shit how many bars of cell signal I have, but I would like to see if my wireless headphones are connected without having to swipe down. 
I feel you. I love my girlfriend dearly but pretty much every aspect of a wedding is my worst nightmare. I think when the time comes we’ll just have to talk things through and come up with something that won’t result in me dying of anxiety. 
The CPU bumps were definitely not incremental. Even on the tick cycles we’re still seeing double digit percentage performance improvements YOY. I agree that the average Joe doesn’t care about that, but large performance boosts enable software innovations which, while still incremental in nature, appear far more frequently than hardware innovations. 
Our printed news is like American TV news. It would be funny if so many people didn’t buy into it. 
That’s the lens, not the screen. The screens are manufactured by Korean (Samsung, LG) and Japanese (Sharp, Japan Display) companies, depending on the product. And the glass itself is from Corning, which is American. 
Which iMac? There’s a range of GPUs available, as well as the iMac Pro.

In any case, your main problem will be that Apple’s OpenGL stack is incredibly old and is hot garbage. To my knowledge no emulators target Metal, and Vulkan isn’t available on macOS. However, recently there’s been some new developments in a shim layer that translates Vulkan calls to Metal, and games/graphics software that implements this case some major performance boosts, up to 50% in some cases. So to answer your question, most modern iMacs can probably do a decent job with Dolphin, but it may get a whole lot better soon. 
It’s also WAY better with sound. Posting it as a GIF kinda ruins it. 
I live in a PAL region so I just use a regular old SCART cable! Our GameCubes have no 480p games but can output RGB unmodified, which is a fair trade IMO. 
There could have been a spark but it’s got quite a thick rubber cover over the anode so I couldn’t see it regardless.

I guess in the absolute sense I didn’t know for sure it was discharged, but I made sure to spend a minute or two touching the anode with the screwdriver, getting it from all possible angles to make sure for definite that I was making proper contact. I watched several videos and used all the safety advice from all of them. Probably overkill, but better safe than sorry. I’d say as long as you’re careful and take your time, you’ll be okay. 

Getting under the cap was a bit tricky; the first screwdriver I used was way too big considering the size of the tube, so I had to go and get a smaller one. I recommend a flathead as they’re easier to slide under. 

Good luck!
Thanks! I live in the UK and the vast majority of our sockets have switches. So I just flick the switch on the wall
That’s true, I do wonder if mine was dropped at some point in its life. The more I think about it, it seems more likely than an incredibly careless repair attempt. 
For real, the worst part was that I could see it and wiggle it around from just taking the side off, it was just too big to fit through the gap without taking the bezel off. So annoying. They do seem very sturdy in general though, I very much suspect that mine breaking was related to the other damage it has. 

Regarding the isobar, thankfully where I live switches on sockets are the rule rather than the exception so I can just flip it on and off at the wall. 
Thanks! You were completely right by the way, some of those screws are a real pain in the ass.
Thanks! It's great to have a community like this where you can ask for advice, as although there are a handful of YouTube videos in which people disassemble PVMs, none I could find actually remove the bezel. Most likely because it's the structural backbone of the entire display!

But yeah, I was so happy when I flicked the socket switch and heard that classic CRT whine for the first time in years.
Yup. Love my X, but despite Apple's "all screen" claim, "thinner bezels please" is still pretty high up on my X2/XI request list. Right behind "you guys used to make reliable software, please do that again".
Thanks! Indeed, it's a real shame how quickly the world has moved on from CRT technology. It makes sense of course, but it's still a shame that these things are hard to find and even harder to repair/replace. If this was an electrical fault rather than just a broken button I'd have had no chance.
Also shout out to /u/jperryss who, when I first posted asking for advice, gave me some pointers and encouraged me to put this to one side until I felt up to the task, rather than getting rid of it.
https://youtu.be/vElq1wev8OU
What’s Flash work like these days with the death of Flash on the web? Do you just render out to a video or something?
I rewatched Get Him to the Greek last weekend for the first time since it came out. I’d forgotten just how funny of a movie it is. 
The UI around Face ID needs a bit of work. Namely, you can swipe down on the bar to trigger a rescan, which is great, but the bar isn’t there on the passcode screen, which is very annoying as you have to hit cancel and try again or put in your passcode, both of which are slower. The other annoyance is that if you 3D Touch a notification before the phone recognises your face, when the recognition happens the phone goes to the home screen instead of opening the notification. 
How do you feel about almost no actual comments, but *huge* swaths of old, unused, or development code left in place but commented out? Because a guy who used to work at the company I do did that to damn near everything he touched. Working on anything he was the primary developer for is pure hell.

There is one project of his in particular I estimate to be about 30% dead code by volume. I’ve come across methods with 15 commented out lines, three or four actual lines, then another 10 or 15 commented lines with the method’s return statement sandwiched in the middle. There are debug calls left haphazardly across the code waiting to be stumbled upon. Multiple unreachable return statements *in the same method*. Long-replaced crons still running in a zombie or partially gutted state such that it’s near impossible to tell what is and isn’t necessary. 

If you’re wondering why he wasn’t fired, it’s because he was somehow head of development. 
Can you not just delete the empty partition? The OS container should then just expand to fill the space. 
>	It's a weird product which doesn't make a whole lot of sense in 2018

Apple sometimes does this with products when they can’t sell the obvious replacement for the same price without sacrificing the margin they want. The iPad 2 and mini 1 lingered like bad smells largely because they wanted to hit a price point but didn’t want to sell their newer machines for cheaper. The MacBook Air still exists so they can sell a <$1000 notebook (and because people keep buying it apparently). As soon as the tiny MacBook can fit that price point the Air will be quietly killed, or kept around for education only. 

It has legacy though. Apart from small but steady spec bumps it’s the same reliable machine it was in 2010. It defined the ultrabook and I think will be regarded as one of the finest computers in ever made. 
As soon as they can sell the tiny one port MacBook for $999 while maintaining their magic ~39% margin the Air will be sent off into the sunset. In all fairness though, despite having a 7 year old design and a dogshit screen, they’re incredibly dependent and versatile machines. 
And the cameras are almost identical IIRC; the only difference is that both cameras have OIS on the X whereas only the normal one does on the 8 Plus. 8 obviously only has the one camera anyway. 
The cat I grew up with was called Smudge, she was the softest, gentlest, sweetest thing and lived until she was 21 :)

My cousin has a cat that looks a lot like Smudge did, and her daughter tried to name that cat Smudge too. But she was only about 4 at the time and wasn’t the best with pronunciation, so now the cat is called Mush. 
We were so, so close to it in the late 80s/early 90s and Thatcher killed it. [This is the story](https://www.techradar.com/news/world-of-tech/how-the-uk-lost-the-broadband-race-in-1990-1224784), if you haven’t read it before. It’s really quite sad. 
>	Why isn't Virgin's duct network being opened up?

I’m not saying I agree with this reasoning, but I’m under the impression that it’s because Virgin’s infrastructure is privately funded whereas huge portions of what Openreach operates was taxpayer funded from when BT was nationally owned. Doesn’t really make sense when it comes to ducts though, it’s not like another cable in the pipe hurts Virgin’s QoS.

My preferred solution would be to bring Openreach back under national control, with the purpose of bringing a solid level of service to as much of the country as possible. I’m probably living in fantasy land but natural monopolies should never be privately owned imo. Seems pointless to let Openreach be privately operated but with so many stipulations; it’s essentially a (crap) public entity but the government gets fuck all from it. 
Sometimes I stay til 5:30, but sometimes I take 30 minute poos, so swings and roundabouts I guess. I’m probably in the minority though considering my company is extraordinarily lax about punctuality and timing as long as the work gets done.  
I’ve bypassed this issue by almost never turning off my work machine. I did some fag-packet calculations and the extra electricity is significantly less than the 10-15 minutes (booting an OS, launching a half dozen Docker containers, Chrome, and an IDE written in Java is sloooow from a spinning hard disk) per day of productivity they would lose, based on the hourly rate they charge my time out to clients. If they eventually get around to upgrading us to SSDs I’ll have to recalculate as that will cut the start up time to more like 2-3 minutes. 
It’s also really quite easy and cheap to run your own on a VPS like EC2 or Linode if you’re a little more technically inclined. Then you also have the guarantee the operator isn’t going to be selling your data off on the sly. Just don’t choose a VPS in the U.K., obviously. 
You can’t, on iOS. The system will delete them itself. 
If iOS works the same as macOS, which I’m fairly sure it does, it lists purgeable space as free space. So, say if you have 15GB of free space and 7GB of cached files and other unnecessary things the OS considers purgeable, iOS/macOS will report 22GB free, because if you start to run low on storage it will flush the purgeable data automatically. Well, in theory anyway. It doesn’t always work so smoothly. 
If they ever introduce the ability to “re-gram” and share other people’s content publicly that’ll be the end. That’s what made Facebook so fucking awful, although Instagram would still arguably be slightly better because my >50 family don’t use it.
I just couldn’t be less interested in stories and live streams. I like Instagram because I like looking at great photos, and sometimes I like to go back and look at a photo again, or look at it for more than 10 seconds. I couldn’t give a shit about it the social side. 
What, you don’t measure your drives in grambits? It makes the conversion to hogsheadrods way easier. 
I uninstalled Snapchat and never went back once they started pushing that concentrated clickbait bullshit. I only check Facebook once or twice a week now and deleted their garbage app, but I still use my account because it does have some uses. But with Snapchat it was like nope, this is some shit I can quite happily live without. 
I very much don’t miss the days of entire regions missing out on games when a translated version already exists
Holy shit I’ve only just realised Resetti is called that because he yells at you for resetting without saving. 
After playing around with Swift and its heavy use of optionals, I get sad when I have to enter the pyramid of doom. 

PHP:
```
$var = ($object != null && $object->member != null && $object->member->member != null)
  ? $object->member->member->member
  : null;
```

Swift:
```
let var = object?.member?.member?.member?
```
 
Although I guess written like that it’s less a pyramid of doom and more a horrible ternary of doom. 
Not just easier to fuck up, but much harder to reason about too. I’m a PHP developer and while I have no ill will against it, it’s mostly because we use the most up to date stuff we can, and between PHPDoc and type hinting you can at least know what you’re working with. But when I work on a really old project or something we inherited rather than wrote ourselves, it’s a nightmare. Oh cool, five vaguely named untyped parameters in this function that throws an error every hundred or so times it’s ran... 
If I see an `or die` when I start work on a codebase I know I’m gonna be in for a bad time. It’s always an extremely old, insecure, hyper-procedural script that drops in and out of PHP willy nilly and is nearly impossible to reason about 
And shell scripting. `[[ -d $directory ]] || mkdir $directory`
Why are you being such an asshole? It’s a well known issue that iMessages sometimes just never show up on other devices and I mildly misread the original comment. 
I’m talking more about messages just not getting delivered to other devices but whatever. 
It’s because (currently) iMessages aren’t stored in iCloud. Your computers can listen for them if they’re on and awake, but other than that they’re relying on the phone to keep them in sync. It needs to be more reliable, but iMessage in the cloud is coming so it’ll be a non-issue soon anyway. It was supposed to be an iOS 11 launch feature that’s been delayed a few times, but it looks to be finally landing with 11.3. If you enable that, all your devices will subscribe to the same canonical feed of messages hosted on iCloud, and so should always be perfectly in sync. 
Twig?
One of our sites has three databases, sitename\_dev, sitename\_dev2, and sitename\_staging. \_dev2 is the production database. The other two are... ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯ 

There used to be a staging environment but now there isn’t, and no-one seems to know where or when it went.
Add
```
lg = log --graph --abbrev-commit --decorate --format=format:'%C(bold blue)%h%C(reset) - %C(bold cyan)%aD%C(reset) %C(bold green    )(%ar)%C(reset)%C(bold yellow)%d%C(reset)%n''          %C(white)%s%C(reset) %C(dim white)- %an%C(re    set)' --all
```

to your aliases in .gitconfig. It's kinda crude compared to a proper GUI but you get the visualisation without having to leave the command line
It even has mouse support 
Man fuck methotrexate. I mean it’s great and incredibly useful, but during my chemo I had a 5000mg bag over a 24 hour drip (twice), and both times it made me feel like my entire digestive system was trying to forcefully exit my body. Some of the worst pain I’ve ever had. 
I did not know that, I assumed that while there is some overlap, WebStorm would have some stuff that PhpStorm didn’t. That’s cool. 

And yeah Typescript makes sense considering it’s a Microsoft thing. 
I just hate what they did to the Mac version. I’m a firm believer that if you’re decent with technology you don’t need active anti-virus regardless of the OS you’re using. Windows is no longer the security hellscape it was two decades ago. But, it’s good to have a standalone scanner if you’re not sure about something, or just to do a periodic scan to make sure everything is still good, and Malwarebytes was great for that. Now since version 3 (on the Mac at least, no idea what’s happening on Windows these days) it’s a full on antivirus that wants to run permanently and install kernel extensions. Fuck that. 
Most FOSS does. OpenOffice/LibreOffice is the same: perfectly functional but it feels like you’re using Office ‘97. 
Yup, Electron has its usefulness but it’s always gonna be considerably slower and heavier than fully native code. 
I used to do the same thing and use VSCode for frontend and PhpStorm for backend, but lately I’ve actually found PhpStorm’s autocomplete and general support to actually be a little better, particularly for less standardised stuff like Vue single file components and Laravel Blade templates. I’ve been wanting to take WebStorm for a spin but I don’t really do enough front-end stuff to warrant the purchase. 
The only thing that saves to the desktop without prompts is screenshots. Safari defaults to ~/Downloads unless you tell it otherwise and everything is else will present a file browser just like Windows or Linux. 
Yup, even with the shortcuts OSes have now to quickly hide windows and show the desktop, it’s still slower than hitting Cmd+Space/Windows key/Super key and typing a few characters of what you want you open. The only thing I have show on my desktop is external drives, and that’s only so I don’t forget they’re still mounted when I finish whatever I’m doing. 
Fake, thicc, the cycle completes once more
Nah, just the usual “new iPhone is a flop” rumour that circulate pretty much every January I’m afraid. Apple’s earnings call was a couple of days ago, and they said the X had been their best selling phone every week since it launched. They sold 1m fewer phones compared to Q1 last year (77 million vs 78 million), but the quarter was also a week shorter.
It’s only in the last month or so that I’ve had to do anything with WordPress at my company as we only manage a handful of WP sites, and oh lord they’re terrible. Nothing good can come of letting non-developers slap random plugins together from literally any bozo who can upload some poorly written PHP to the internet. I know there’s is some good stuff underneath all the shit, but spending the better part of a day trying to debug why one plugin had stopped working when moving to a new server was not a fun experience. Turns out whoever had built the site originally had hard-coded a bunch of links to files on the old server. Again, because they were a “WordPress developer” and not someone who can actually code. 
Only a couple of months ago did we shut down a server hosting ~40 sites still running PHP 5.1. Thankfully they pretty much all ran on 5.6 with minimal modification but they’re still really gross sites. Like a step above “I paid a teenager in a third world country $50 to make this” but well below “these websites are safe from basic things like SQL injection”. 
The loss of virtualisation would be a big loss for me
For me, nice hardware is just icing on the cake. The best thing about the Mac for me is that I get all the low level Unix-y tools natively but the GUI software is fantastic too, unlike Linux GUI software which tends to be awful. 
As someone who uses Docker every day despite Docker for Mac being a bit of a dumpster fire, I continue to hope these rumours don’t turn out to be true. 
The external trackpads are fantastic imo and I like the keyboards, though I can imagine they aren’t great for people RSI or carpal tunnel. The Magic Mouse hurts my hand just looking at it though. 
Mouse acceleration on the Mac is very different to Windows and Linux. I’ve always used macOS on MacBooks with the trackpad, but use Linux with a mouse at work and have used Windows with a mouse in the past. Consequently, in the rare event I try to use a Mac with a mouse, I feel like I’ve lost control of my hand. 
My car is so basic it doesn’t even have Bluetooth, but I imagine I would feel the same way about infotainment systems as I do smart TVs; I already have at least one other device that can do everything much better, so I’d rather not have half-assed implementations getting in the way and slowing things down. My goddamn TV is so laggy and buggy for the first few minutes of being turned on, and that’s with the “fast startup” feature enabled and all picture processing disabled.
Yup, optical drives are a minimum of 144cm^2 . You can fit a lot of battery in that space; for how infrequently I ever need to use it I’ll take the external option. 
That’s a good point, although all I installed was a couple of Python packages, so not sure what could have caused that. I did `sudo pip` instead of `pip --user` on the first one though, so maybe it was something with the system Python install I broke. I shall investigate further. 
The reinstall did indeed fix it. While I’m kind of mad that a kernel panic somehow messed up an install, I am mad impressed that I could do an in-place OS reinstall in <40 mins and even have my apps re-open as if nothing happened.

For now I’m sticking with Terminal.app and tmux, seems okay so far, although I miss my global hotkey. 
Fair enough, that makes sense. FWIW, if you were potentially considering a new phone anyway, and your phone was already out of warranty, you can get a battery replacement kit for $30-40 and it’s really not very hard to replace. I know it’s nowhere the same thing as being able to pop the battery out and put a fresh one in, but it’s always an option. I totally get not wanting to risk wrecking your phone though. 
Having 20% of my battery I could never use would be significantly worse than slightly slower wear. It makes sense with the Teslas because they’re absolutely huge batteries, can be fully charged when needed, and cars are expected to have a significantly greater lifetime than laptops or phones.
The processing power of an iPhone 8/X is literally five times greater than an iPhone 5s (four year old device). It has six times as much RAM.  Websites, apps, and services add new features over time that require more resources. Try to browse the web or run some modern apps or play same games on a four or five year old phone, it works but it’s not a fun experience. Many websites have megabytes of embedded JavaScript these days that you don’t even notice on new devices but will completely cripple older ones. 

And regarding your second point, not only do most people not upgrade their phone every year, you don’t have to spend a grand on a phone! There are lots of very very good, high end options for less than half of that!
With upkeep a house will still fulfil its purpose 100 years later. Even with replaceable batteries a smartphone will be as good as useless after 6 or 7 years. Yeah it would work, but it would be a miserable experience for all but the most basic of users
Where are you looking that a battery replacement costs as much as a new phone? Even Apple’s pre-discount price, which was most likely one of the most expensive options, was $80
It was also made of cheap plastic and lost all of its waterproofing if the back cover was not clipped in perfectly, if the back cover developed any small cracks, or if the flimsy flap covering the charging port broke off or was not pushed in correctly. I sold phones for two years and seeing S5s with the charging port flap still there was a rare sight indeed. 

You’re not wrong, I’m just pointing out that there’s two sides to it. 
They’re not cheaping out on components, this is just a fact of life for lithium ion batteries. Whether it’s appropriate or not doesn’t change physics and chemistry, and there are plenty of cheaper options if it’s a deal breaker. 
The solution, or at least the solution many countries have gone with, is local loop unbundling. Lines to houses are as good as a natural monopoly as you can’t feasibly have more than one or two connections to a house (phone line and cable, typically). So you unbundle the bearer from the service provider and let different companies provide services over the same last-mile lines, with the owner of the lines being legally obligated to lease out capacity wholesale (and sometimes the tenant companies are required to contribute to upkeep and development of the network too).

There’s no need for local governments to get involved at all if anyone can have a fair shot at competing. Yeah AT&T would cry about being forced to open their lines, but they would be fairly compensated and from what I understand (not American so please correct me if I’m wrong) those lines are heavily subsidised by the taxpayer in many instances anyway. 
Yeah, I recently re-watched all of Breaking Bad having only previously seen it when it initially aired. For some reason I’d got it in my head that Jesse gets out of things relatively okay. He really does not.  
Very punchy, accurate colour, very good horizontal resolution for their size, but most important is RGB support. Most people playing sort of N64 and before would be using composite video, which is an awful blurry mess compared to what most of these consoles can natively output with the right cables (usually RGB SCART) and adapters. 
We are one entity; it’s weird. England, Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland are all countries, but so is the UK. Much of the law is decided centrally and applies to all of the UK, but certain things, like tuition fees, certain aspects of the NHS etc. are what’s known as devolved powers, and are decided by the Scottish/Welsh/Northern Irish government for their respective regions. And I think which powers are devolved might vary by region. Also, while England in general does not have devolved powers, London does have some. And then you have crown dependencies like Jersey, Guernsey, and the Isle of Man. And various overseas territories. I don’t even know what applies to them. Like I say, it’s weird.

If you ever feel like looking into it further, CGPGrey has some very informative videos on the topic on YouTube.  
I agree, and “consumer” tubes usually didn’t hold a candle to the best that was available. I recently bought a Sony PVM specifically for old consoles, because they look absolutely gorgeous for any game before the HDMI era. When everything is designed with the expectation it will be displayed on a CRT, you’re really missing out trying to play it on anything else.

The power button is broken and I’m hoping I can fix it without electrocuting myself (the tubes store approximately 1kV per diagonal inch of screen apparently, fun!), but if nothing else it should be a fun project. 
Which part, the reasoning or the formation of the UK?
I think it’s mostly to stop Scottish universities being absolutely flooded with applications from English, Welsh, and Northern Irish students, where tuition is £9000pa. The difference between us and other EU countries (other than the fact that many EU members do have free tuition) is that it’s no more effort to move to Scotland than it is to move somewhere else in England, Wales, or Northern Ireland. Well, mostly, Northern Ireland is across a sea but from an immigration standpoint it’s...well, not even an immigration issue, because it’s the same country, even though it’s four different countries. It’s like moving to a different state if you’re American; you can just up and move without a visa or anything.  
Not only are CRTs amazing, they’re coming up on a hundred years old. Granted they’re a lot better today than the very first units, but the underlying technology is still the same. 
It always amazes me that we got ultra-high speed precisely magnetically controlled electron guns pretty much locked down nearly a hundred years ago but every other type of display was total shit until LCD started getting okay about 20 years ago. Obviously CRT tech still improved dramatically between its invention and its eventual demise, but their function is so complex I’m amazed it works at all. 
Lymphoma is generally very treatable if caught early enough, go get it checked out. I literally just got a phone call telling me I was in remission earlier today. It’s stolen six months of my life, but that’s infinitely better than it taking my entire life. 
How long has it been there? I literally just today got the phone call that I’m in remission from Burkitt’s lymphoma, and I was lucky in that one of my tumours was in my neck so it was incredibly obvious, but I had some enlarged nodes in my stomach that were completely symptomless.

Don’t get me wrong, you’re almost certainly completely fine, and I have no idea how much a second opinion actually costs in America, but if it’s something you can afford it might be worth it, as generally speaking lymphoma is very very treatable if caught early enough.
I feel like I’m part of an ever-decreasing minority but I think touch on laptops and desktops is hot garbage. Anything with a vertical screen really. I know I can just ignore it for now, but once it’s common enough, everything will be designed with the expectation that it’s there :/
I still like Instagram because barely any of my friends or family use it. It’s just a place to look at and post cool photography for me. I think the inability to share/repost other people’s posts is the key, it prevents a lot of the engagement-bait garbage. 
Siri’s fairly useless but I got a Google Home Mini when they were on sale before Christmas and I haven’t been particularly impressed with that either. 

“Hey Google, when is it going to snow?” “I’m sorry, I don’t understand”

“Hey Google, will it snow tomorrow?” “Yes, snow is forecast tomorrow in [my city]”

I got it mainly for my girlfriend who uses a Pixel and is heavily into Google’s ecosystem, but even she’s found limited use for it. Her main problem is that there’s no way to add things like additional calendars, so even though her work calendar is G Suite or whatever it’s called these days, she can’t get any calendar events from it without removing her personal account. 

It’s cool that it can tell whether it’s me or her asking questions, but also quite useless when I can’t add any of my information to it. 

The upside though is it’s not a bad speaker considering it’s size and price. 
Don’t feel bad, almost everyone does, except for happy accidents where people realise they’re sitting on gold. The backlit one was produced in comparatively tiny quantities and came out *after* the DS. They’re difficult and expensive to find, especially in good condition. But if you’re enthusiastic about the Game Boy they’re worth buying, as they have the [best screen of any model](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/3LEvmmONf3E/maxresdefault.jpg) and play all Game Boy games ever made, unlike the micro which only plays GBA.

Many people buy either damaged units or replica screens from China and mod them into normal GBAs or SPs, which is usually cheaper and also lets people do really cool stuff with custom shells and buttons.
No, but there are two models of SP. The AGS-001, with a shitty, washed out, front-lit screen; and the much rarer AGS-101, with a fantastically vibrant back-lit screen. 
It’s also portable to the point of ridiculousness which is nice if you need something to play on the way to somewhere but don’t want to take a bag. I once lost mine for three months in a jacket pocket. 
It does, but the back-lit SP (as opposed to the original front-lit SP) has much more vibrant colours, though the micro has higher pixel density. 
The micro is so cool. Even though I have a later-model backlit SP which has a much better screen, I still like playing on the micro just ‘cause of how neat it is. 
Good Lord 
I mean if you’re taking and storing card details you have to comply with PCI DSS, which isn’t something you can just cobble together in an afternoon, and to my knowledge requires an audit (could be wrong on that though).

The company I work for hosts and maintains several online stores, one with yearly turnover in the low millions, and we always use external payment processors primarily because the regulations are rightly a pain, and because if we got something wrong it might well kill off the company, as we’re only small. 
I guess they just didn’t want to pay the fees to have someone like SagePay do a proper job. 
Ah, interesting, that seems like a logical explanation. Thanks!
To be honest I couldn’t tell you, I’m not much of a spirits drinker so the most I ever have in one night is one or two if someone is being insistent. 
Let’s face it though, at this point this is far too big of a problem for a recall.

We’re talking millions upon millions of affected CPUs and that’s not even considering the chips in use in data centres that would need thousands of replacement chips per site ready to go for the second the old ones are removed, nor is it considering the many millions of laptops and other devices where the CPU is non-socketed and hard wired into the motherboard. 
It essentially offers massive thumbnails that update as you scroll (whereas in other views you need to click the file to update the thumbnail). I tend to never leave column view and just search for files I want, but if there’s a document I can’t think of the name of but would know it from looking at it, it’s useful.
It actually ended up being way more useful for file browsing in Finder on the Mac, which to my knowledge is the only place you’ll still find it.
Music’s entire UI is a shitshow. Aside from not really looking like any other iOS app in many regards, no matter how big or tall your screen is, Plus sized iPhone or iPhone X, you still have to scroll down to get to the shuffle and repeat controls. It’s such a terrible use of space. 
I always liked their phones, but holy Jesus do they need to refresh their design.
It’s works now!
>	I think the small minded nature of your thought processes will adequately ensure you never have this opportunity.

I think you sound like a bit of a dick 👍
Yeah that’s my point; it’s only useful in the US and anywhere else that still uses swipe transactions. In the UK we’ve been using chip and PIN for over a decade, swipe transactions are almost non-existent now. To the point where if you were to use Samsung Pay’s MST emulation for anything other than very small transactions you would be likely to run into problems. Fortunately we have very wide NFC support. Everywhere I shop with any sort of regularity supports contactless. 
I don’t think I would, I only need one house and I’m not interested in buying to rent. And with my very limited skill set the only way I could ever become a billionaire is through software and a miracle, so I’m not likely to earn money via property. 
I could manage that but only because I live with my girlfriend and we share a car. I have money to spare that I can put in my savings every month, but if we had to get another car for example, it would heavily restrict our ability to save anything. 
If I was a billionaire I’d love to build basic affordable starter housing everywhere anyone would let me, and sell it all at cost, without scummy estate agents, solely for the purpose of destroying the housing market (and allowing a lot more people to own a house). I very much doubt it would be that simple, but I also very much doubt I’ll ever be a billionaire, so I enjoy the idea nonetheless. 

I just hate that so many people think they’re entitled to an increase in worth of property they own. They’re not creating value, they’re just sitting on a purchase and expecting to be rewarded for it. If anything they should be losing money, like pretty much anything else you can buy. 
Looks like it, the 12.9 has thicker side bezels 
>	or samsung pay better than Android pay?

From what I understand Samsung Pay is useful in the US because it can mimic magnetic stripe swipes, which is still used almost universally for some bizzare reason.

But that feature is pretty much useless anywhere where swiping is long dead. The place I used to work had fairly awkward fraud prevention checks we had to go through if anyone wanted to pay over a certain amount by swipe, because the banks won’t cover fraudulent transactions unless it’s chip and PIN or contactless. 
I was looking more for the £/hr scale but I guess €/month is okay too
I’m actually starting to think it might be a weird thing with my eyesight to be honest. I can’t explain what would cause it, but OLEDs have always just looked a bit off to me. In the first few years I put it down to early panels being pretty crap, but now we’ve got screens that every year take the crown for the best, most colour accurate displays ever made. And yet they still don’t look right to me.

I’m willing to accept that I may be the problem here. The only thing I will insist on is True Tone being calibrated wrong. I can put my iPhone next to my iPad with both on a white page and they’re totally different colours. The iPad is white, the iPhone is cream. 
Unfortunately I think the mini might be a dead line.

Perhaps it’s because of phones getting bigger, perhaps more people would rather have a 9.7” iPad at iPad mini prices, or something else. But now they’ve limited the iPad mini 4 to 128GB only, at a price point about 30% higher than the “just iPad” iPad, it seems like they’ve entered the “we’ll sell you one but only if you really really want it” phase that marks the slow slide towards end-of-lifing . 
It can also stand up on its side, as long as you don’t get any calls or texts. 
Yeah, that was my frustration with the Plus sized phones. I did want to try a bigger screen (although that ended up being too big because of the enormous bezels), but my main reasons for going for the Plus was that it was the only way I could get the better cameras and significantly higher resolution screen. 

I’m going to be really disappointed if they release an X Plus next year and start locking features behind it again, because they’ve proven this year that a smaller bodied phone is plenty capable of managing bigger cameras and denser screens. Not that that needed proving particularly, as Android phones had been managing it for a while.

I get the desire to utilise the extra space to make a better phone, but at the same time it sucks for the people who want something smaller. 
The current SE already has NFC and the 6S back camera, just in case you didn’t know. But you’re right on the rest. 
Weirdly, it’s already been there since iOS 10.3, but only for education setups. If you were to set up macOS Server on a machine in your house and enrol the iPad in MDM, you can totally have multiple users on one iPad. It’s kinda clunky and definitely not worth the effort, as the storage is iCloud based and will delete and redownload certain things every time someone logs out or in, but the basis is certainly there. 
Fair enough, I apologise. I’ve seen some people claim that there are things inherent to OLED that mean it can never work as well, which is obviously nonsense. I thought that’s what you meant. 
So far I’m actually liking it less than LCD. I love the true blacks and think things like mostly black wallpapers look fantastic, and very striking.

But True Tone is all kinds of messed up (it’s flawless on the iPad, but looks like Night Shift on the iPhone any time you’re indoors. Outside, or under very bright fluorescent light it looks exactly as it should).

With True Tone off, the screen is too blue (noticeably bluer than my iPad with True Tone off or my MacBook which doesn’t support it).

If you have any apps with a true-black dark mode that also has some grey UI elements, for example Overcast’s true black theme, and you scroll downwards, the grey area streaks dark blue as it scrolls. I don’t know if it’s a low-level software bug or a flaw in how OLEDs work, but it’s annoying. 

The blue shift is incredibly noticeable. Reviews say it’s not as bad as phones like the Pixel 2 XL; if that’s the case that phone must be awful, because this thing starts shifting to blue if I adjust my grip slightly to reach the top of the screen. We’re talking like 5-10 degrees of tilt before everything starts shimmering. 

I was starting to think I had a dud panel, and I’ll still compare to store models next time I have a chance. But the fact that it looks completely right in certain lighting conditions makes me think that the software is just not managing colour temperature correctly in more yellow or dim lighting.
The thing is, it’s *perfect* on the iPad. Ultra subtle, white always looks white. But on the iPhone it sucks. But I don’t buy for a second that it “doesn’t work as well on OLED”. Depending on your criteria, an OLED can reproduce colour as good or better than an LCD. All they have to do is tone down how warm they’re making the display in response to the sensor readings. It’s not like there’s some range of off-white that an OLED can’t display but an LCD can.

This can 100% be fixed in software and I hope it is. Were this the only device I used I’m sure I’d get used it, but every time I look at my iPad I’m reminded how wrong the iPhone looks. 
I remember the original iPod touch had the padding too. It was really nice. 
A coffee and a shitty sandwich in most cafés would cost you more than what you’ve paid for this app, and it’s something one person has spent most likely thousands of hours of their life creating, considering it was under development for several years. It’s not perfect, but you also haven’t dropped $60 on it, nor is it the product of a multi-hundred person company. 

Adjust your expectations and stop being so entitled. If you want a refund go and apply for one instead of whining on reddit, you get refunds via Apple, not individual developers. 
Poor Len looks like a ventriloquist dummy
iOS 11 isn’t perfect by any stretch, but I’ve found it to be a lot more reliable and far less buggy on my iPad than on my iPhone. The other consideration is that by remaining on iOS 10, you’re losing out on a lot of cool functionality of your iPad. The iOS 11 features really do make doing actual work on an iPad a lot more feasible. 

Regarding your multitasking concerns, it’s true that it’s more awkward to engage split screen with an app not in the dock, but you can fit a lot of stuff in the dock, and if you go back to the home screen, start dragging an icon, you can use your other hand to engage the task switcher, and drag the icon onto the app you want to split with. Awkward yes, but from my experience I’ve got 10 or so apps in my dock and I almost never end up multitasking with anything outside of that. 
I can’t remember if it’s the two-year EU law or the six-year UK law (or both), but one of the issues is that within the first 6 months problems are automatically assumed to be a manufacturing defect, whereas after 6 months the onus is on the customer to prove that the issue is a problem with the device and not something they’ve caused. Which, as you can imagine, can be very hard to do.

I had a first gen iPad mini, which doesn’t have the LCD fused to the glass. Somehow dust or some other debris got in the gap about 18 months into owning it, and Apple replaced it as it’s not something I could have caused (though how they knew I hadn’t opened it up and messed around with it I don’t know). Annoyingly the replacement device they gave me had *two* bits of dust under the screen, but the first gen mini was a bit of a dud anyway so I sold it not long after. 
What about OLED screens makes it so you can’t produce slightly off whites? This doesn’t make any sense to me 
You look like you became your own son. Well done!
Yeah...I’m now at the point where I can’t tell if it’s getting better, if I’m just in better lighting, or if I’m just getting used to it. Maybe I should have given it longer. 
That’s what I’m saying though, it probably just hasn’t been tweaked right for the X. It doesn’t make sense to say that an LCD can display very slightly off whites but an OLED can’t without it looking yellow. I’m not really disagreeing with you, I just think it’s something that can be fixed in software. 
>	I think that True Tone is better suited to LCD screens rather than the OLED screen of the iPhone X.

This doesn’t really make sense to me. Outside of obvious differences (black levels, wider gamuts etc) a good LCD and a good OLED can display white equally as well. There’s no reason colour shifts that look natural on an LCD couldn’t also be implemented on an OLED.

I feel like this is a case of either light sensor differences due to the much smaller space available than on an iPad or iPhone 8, or just not tweaking it enough for the different display. 
That’s what Night Shift is for, True Tone is supposed to adjust white balance much more gently so white always looks white regardless of ambient light. 
I agree, Control Centre is much better on iOS 11 than iOS 10, but my girlfriend has a Pixel and I love that little zone in the notification shade. If Control Centre was just that little bit more customisable they’d be pretty much equal, but for now I think Android does it in a more useful way. Also even though it has no benefit from a functionality standpoint, I always find it really fun to pull down the notification shade by swiping downwards on the fingerprint sensor. 
Have you asked him how *he* would go about trying to apply for a job dressed as a hobo and with no address, email, or phone number at which to receive further correspondence?
It’s far from perfect and still incredibly wasteful but it is getting better, slowly. Unless people are throwing their old phones in the bin when they’re done (which maybe people do but it seems really dumb?) a lot get sold on in the used market and see many more years of use. Outside of that, manufacturers are making a conscious effort to recycle as much as possible. I’m sure Samsung and LG and the like try to reclaim and reuse as much as they can, and Apple has been bragging about how recyclable their products are for years.

Still got a long long way to go though. As I understand it lithium in particular isn’t very easy to recycle for a start. 
Yeah. The original seemed more like a proof of concept than an actual product that should have come out. The series 2 is definitely usable and I like mine, but it does have some frustrating limitations like the aforementioned lack of tethering and the fact that launching apps that aren’t “pinned” in memory is still slow enough as to defeat the point of a smart watch. 

But the series 3 seems really solid. I regret not waiting another year as I suspect the S3 will end up with a significantly longer useful life than the S2, and I’m still not sure whether I like this thing enough to upgrade every few years. Depends how fast it becomes a regular watch I suppose. 
Oh my bad, I’m an idiot, I didn’t even notice there were multiple images 
I am being objective though. Take *any* three year old phone running the latest OS (if you can find a three year old Android phone that runs Oreo) and it won’t be very fast, particularly compared to the OS it shipped with. 

>	 I have an iPhone 7 that I got 3 months ago and I guarantee it will be throttled if I upgrade the OS. 

You guarantee wrong then. Out of curiosity I just ran Geekbench on my year old 7 Plus running iOS 11.2.1, which has 84% battery health and just under 400 cycles. The benchmark was ran with the battery half charged. No throttling whatsoever, the benchmark scores were identical to when brand new handsets were first tested running iOS 10.0 last September. 

You seem to be completely misunderstanding the issue here. New software updates aren’t throttling new phones (they’re not even throttling old phones in most cases). Throttling only occurs in phones with batteries that can no longer supply enough voltage. 

It’s not bias, it’s verifiable fact. 
It is, and always has been, if your phone is under warranty. This is an out of warranty repair, just like anything else. 
March 2017. So not even a year. 
If your battery meets the criteria for replacement and you’re still in warranty, it already is free. The charge has only ever applied to phones out of warranty. 
You’re not trying to determine throttling with that app are you? Because like any modern CPU it downclocks itself substantially when it doesn’t need to be running at full speed. You need to run a proper benchmark like Geekbench and compare your results against known good results for your handset to determine if you’re actually getting throttled. 
>	My wife's iPhone 6 is only a couple of months old and already slow as crap

It’s a three year old phone, it’s not going to be great on the latest OS regardless. If it’s a new phone with a new battery you won’t be being throttled at all, the phone just isn’t very fast compared to newer handsets, and so far iOS 11 has been a slow and buggy release for *everyone*. 

There’s always a balance between software support and performance. If they abandoned support completely after two years like Android, people would give them shit. If they carried on software support but stripped out lots of features to keep it as fast as previous releases, people would give them shit. The option they go with is to support phones for many years and to include pretty much every feature that doesn’t rely on new hardware, with the downside that it doesn’t run as fast. And people give them shit. There’s no right answer here. 
Even better when it’s a touch screen laptop. It’s like playing with one of those spring door stops every time you touch something. 
>	along with a useless item

I’ve had long hair for the past 7 years, but I’ve been on chemo for the last 6 months so I’m currently bald. This year in my cracker I won a hair bobble. I thought it was fucking hilarious though to be fair
I mean if they really loved him they’d spring for a 28 core Xeon 
Adult gifts of less value can be great too. I can’t stand buying myself clothes so I really appreciate it when I get jumpers and such for Christmas, both because it’s a nice gift and because it means I don’t have to spend my own money on it. 
Yeah damn, if my mum gave me a hundred I’d be giving it her back. You can’t afford this ma. 
See this would make sense for me because I can and did buy myself a PS4 long before anyone would have got me one as a gift (largely because I’m 24 and past the “big gifts” stage of life and more into the “booze and socks please” stage), whereas I would probably find a lot of use for the mixer but be unlikely to buy it myself. My girlfriend bought me a crock pot for Christmas like four years ago and it’s held up as a fantastic gift. 
You know this is only even an issue for out of warranty devices right? If your battery is < 80% of its design capacity and is still under warranty the replacement is free anyway, as it should be. 
It might be silly but it’s still Reddit’s favourite. I don’t think anyone would suggest that after a string of early failures from their Fords, people would be queuing up for a new Ford, but apparently when it comes to consumer technology it’s magically completely different. The funniest thing is, in the thread over on /r/Gadgets the top comment is (or was) someone saying they’re switching to Android because of this, yet the same argument was all over that thread. 

Then again, half of Reddit thinks anyone who owns an Apple product is a slobbering simpleton anyway, so what’s the point in arguing?
If your battery health is actually 85% you have another issue. Have you tried backing up and restoring, and it that hasn’t worked, have you tried a completely fresh set up without restoring from a backup? I’m not saying this is something a user should ever have to do, but it would eliminate software issues as a cause. 

If you have a Mac or know someone who would let you use one for five minutes, install CoconutBattery and plug your phone in, that will display the design capacity, actual capacity (and therefore battery health), and number of cycles, which you can compare with what Apple told you. 

If you own an iPhone 6, 1.2GHz is almost exactly 85% of the normal 1.4GHz clock, so that doesn’t seem too unreasonable. 


You’re not...
That’s a very funny way of looking at it, considering most of /r/Android will tell you that Samsung’s strategy is to support their expensive flagships for two years *if you’re lucky*, before totally abandoning them. Leaving security updates and recent software in the hands of random ROM authors is a terrible strategy lol. 
And Apple don’t force updates at all. They’ll nag you about it sure, but it literally never installs without your permission. 
It hadn’t been accurate for years, ever since power gating on CPUs got as aggressive as it is. You could check it and see 5 hours remaining, check it 30 seconds later and see 9 hours remaining because the CPU had finished a little burst then heavily downclocked itself.

It was accurate in the sense that it gave a pretty correct time if the CPU were to remain in the exact state it was at the time of checking, and that might be useful to some people, but I think for what the majority of people want it’s a fairly useless figure. 

That said, there was no reason to remove it entirely. It should have just been left as an option, which they’ve done for many things on the Mac in the past. 
Holy shit I’m already kicking myself for replying to this because I know I might as well argue with a brick. You’re obviously desperate for some sort of conspiracy theory. Here’s some points to mull over though:

>	Funny how it made them more money though.

This is the biggest logical fallacy that reddit just *loves*. By them not telling people it was battery related, people would have just thought their phone had gone shitty after a year right? And Apple has been doing this for years to drive upgrades, right? Then why the fuck would people still keep buying the same brand!? Sabotaging your own product would absolutely convince people to upgrade, to *different products*. If you bought a few Fords in succession and you noticed that every time a new model came out yours suddenly started developing issues, you wouldn’t rush out to buy another Ford would you? The top comment of this very post is someone saying they’re moving to Android because of this. 

>	Our phone will conserve your battery so you don't have to upgrade so soon!

Again, you clearly don’t understand this issue. It’s absolutely fuck all to do with conserving battery, it’s to stop the phone randomly shutting down. Don’t get me wrong, I’m not defending Apple here, because while all batteries eventually degrade they shouldn’t have severely degraded within two years. That said, we don’t actually know how many people are affected by this. We’ll find out with this new software update that makes it clear when phones are being throttled. 

>	But they've fixed it now though, you can just pay them more money to change the battery and it'll be fine.

Or, y’know, pay a third party to do it or buy a third party battery and do it yourself, just like you could before they cut the price of their own replacements. 

>	Funny how my android phone still works after 3 years

The components in your 3 year old Android phone probably don’t pull nearly as much voltage. Nevertheless, that battery *will* reach a point where it can no longer drive the components and guess what? Your phone will start shutting down under load.

>	Seriously, they had an actual Sony timer built into the phone

Do you...actually have even the remotest idea how computers work? Here’s a hint, clockspeed isn’t just a funny name. There’s a lot of precise *timing* involved. 
I completely agree with you, but please know it’s futile making this argument here. There’s numerous reasons for non-removable batteries: better and less fail-prone water resistance, weight and space savings from not having to add what is essentially a second back cover to protect the internal components while allowing access to the battery—space savings that, ironically, are used to allow bigger batteries in phones. And, incidentally, yes, it may lead to the situation where something thinks “screw a battery replacement, I’ll just upgrade”, which I’m sure no tech company sees as a problem. But probably the most important factor is that 99% people do not give the smallest of shits. Even when every phone had a removable battery, almost no-one ever carried a spare. That’s the reason why the major Android players have stopped bothering too; it’s not a nefarious scheme to extract extra profit (if it was it would be a dumb scheme considering the majority of people upgrade before their battery goes bad anyway), it’s because people just don’t care. But this type of subreddit attracts people who think that they know better than everyone else, and that any device that doesn’t meet *their* criteria is a piece of crap for idiot sheep. A commenter in a different thread I read recently said something fantastic, which was “People who think they know a lot about computers are horrible at estimating what other users need”. 
You literally can’t. The devices affected by this problem shut down under load because the battery can no longer supply the voltage the CPU requires at peak. That’s why they rolled out the feature to begin with, a bunch of iPhone 6’s were shutting down all the time! Try reading at least one article rather than just a headline. 
Exactly. The facts here are: Apple done fucked up by not telling people. They also *possibly* fucked up by shipping devices with batteries that cannot drive the components for a reasonable lifespan, but we don’t actually know that because we have literally no real idea how many devices are affected by this. It wouldn’t surprise me if a lot of the people saying “my iPhone 6 is slow” but who *haven’t* ran a benchmark to test actual performance are suffering from using the abnormally crappy and buggy iOS 11 on a three year old device. 

The throttling itself is a completely correct solution to a technical issue. Anyone suggesting it should be an option really does not understand the problem. It’s nothing about battery life; without throttling the affected devices shut down under load. Why on earth would any company think it’s a good idea to let people opt in to that?
Have you actually read a single thing about this issue? It’s *nothing* to do with battery life. The devices affected by it have batteries that literally can no longer provide the voltage required when the CPU peaks. Without throttling, they just shut off seemingly at random (but in actuality when the device is under load). 
The small amount of typing and spreadsheet-based personal finance management I do has now moved to my 10.5” iPad Pro, though I admit it’s still 90% a consumption device. I wouldn’t say it’s *better* than a laptop, but the size and lightness of it mean it’s usually the first thing I reach for, so it’s just become my primary computer by default.

I’m thinking of picking up a used Apple Pencil as I used to be quite good at drawing once upon a time, though I’ve fallen out of practice. I say used because £99 seems steep for something I will likely only use for bored doodling. 

Despite me not being particularly productive on my iPad, literally the only thing I do on my Mac anymore is programming, though that contributes to almost all my productivity. And I can’t explain why but, as much as I love my iPad, I feel like no matter how much it improves as a platform, programming will always be better on my Mac. 
>	People who think they know a lot about computers are horrible at estimating what other users need

Amen to that. My favourite example is people speccing out gaming PCs and using them as an example of why the iMac Pro is outrageously overpriced (when it’s actually kind of a bargain). They never think to check just how expensive Xeons, ECC RAM, and CAD cards are, nor know why they’re important in a professional workstation, nor what a proper warranty from a major company might be worth for a computer that’s used industrially. 
No hard numbers but anecdotal evidence from people who have them or have used them at press events mostly seems to agree that they stay pretty cool and pretty quiet. Apple openly admitted earlier this year that the reason they never updated the trash can Mac Pro was because they accidentally painted themselves into a thermal corner, so I would hope they wouldn’t make the same mistake twice. 
Oh, sorry man, I completely misread that. My bad. 
Thanks man. It’s over now so hopefully it’s behind me for good. 
Because iOS 11 is an absolute bag of shit. There’s nothing malicious here, they just dropped the ball hard with software this year. On the Mac, High Sierra has also had some pretty serious issues. It’s been getting slowly better since 11.0, but the fact of the matter is it’s still slow and buggy compared to their usual standard of software and they absolutely deserve to get shit for it. 
I agree completely with the exception that there is no good reason to be able to opt out of this. It was introduced specifically because without it affected phones shut down under load, meaning you can’t ever use that clockspeed you just opted yourself back in to.
You’re completely misunderstanding the issue here. This is literally *nothing* to do with battery life. As batteries degrade the peak voltage they can supply drops. Affected phones have batteries that are degraded to a point where they are unable to supply the voltage required for the CPU to ramp up to max. When this happens, the phone shuts down because it can no longer correctly function on an electrical level. To prevent this happening, the OS throttles the max CPU clockspeed as a function of battery degradation, such that it will never need more voltage than the battery can provide. This was introduced in iOS 10.2.1 specifically because a bunch of iPhone 6 handsets were shutting down seemingly at random. Not defending Apple at all as I think they’ve fucked up here in more than one regard, but you should understand the actual issue. 
Because without the throttling the phones would shut down under load. Make up your own mind if this is due to a bad batch of batteries or a much wider design flaw, but the whole reason they do this is because degraded batteries can’t supply enough voltage when the CPU ramps up to max. If you opted out of this, your phone would become essentially totally useless. 
There is so much misinformation flying around here. The stupid thing is there is actually genuine reason to get mad at Apple, which reddit and the tech press absolutely love to do, but people are directing it at the wrong place. The throttling is the correct solution to a technical problem. The real fuck up is that the software knew exactly what was happening and did not inform the user, who were left scratching their heads about why their phone was so slow. There’s also a possible secondary fuck up of the batteries being incapable of driving the rest of the hardware to its full potential for a *reasonable* amount of time (all Li-ion batteries degrade, it will happen to any phone eventually), but as far as I know we don’t actually know the scale of how many people are affected by this. We know there was a bad batch of batteries as there was an official replacement program for certain serial number ranges, but if the people affected drastically by this outside of those bad batteries is statistically negligible, we don’t really have a problem. Similarly, how affected are people who are affected? If 2+ year old phones outside of the bad batch are seeing peak clockspeed reductions of say <= 10%, I don’t think that’s really a problem. If 18 month old phones are seeing 20+% reductions, that’s obviously a massive problem. 
Pretty sure what you’re thinking of only applies to data protection and marketing. For example you can’t automatically be opted in to data collection or email updates anymore. If that also applied to settings on phones it would be illegal to have things like auto-brightness turned on by default, as for OLED screens it can very much affect the useful lifetime of the display. 
If your battery has < 80% of its original capacity the replacement should be free under AppleCare. Apple can test it and tell you, or if you happen to own a Mac there is a great free utility called CoconutBattery that will give you the battery stats of any connected iOS device (as well as the Mac itself). Charging with an iPad charger will technically deteriorate the life faster, but considering how all these new Android phones with USB-PD based quick charging use even more power than the 12W an iPad charger uses, I can’t imagine it will make a huge difference. 
Apple’s statement mentioned that they added iPhone 7 “support” for this recently in iOS 11.something
Because while iPhone 7’s likely aren’t old enough to be affected by this now, they will be one day. Don’t forget that this throttling is still dependent on battery capacity: just because there is now code that will do this on newer models it doesn’t mean they’re being throttled *now*, just that they *will* as batteries start to wear in the future. 
Yeah, I think most people would consider a slow phone more useful than a phone that constantly shuts off seemingly at random. And re: the car metaphor, every time I bring that up I get called either an Apple shill or naive. But to me it just seems logical. If something you own gets shitty before you would normally buy a replacement, and this is a regular occurrence (people have been claiming Apple do this for *years*), why the hell would you keep buying the same thing!?
Not necessarily as fast and responsive as you have two and a half years of new software features that will have some detrimental effect, but the CPU clockspeed and throttling (or lack thereof) will return to exactly as it was the day you bought it. But you won’t even necessarily be affected by the throttling as it is dependent on the condition of your battery rather than the age. The two are obviously correlated but it depends on a lot of factors.  Run Geekbench and compare it to the standard 6s score if you want confirmation. 
I guess I was lucky in that any existential dread has only kicked in since I finished the treatment, because I still have a four week wait until my PET CT scan to determine how successful it’s been. When I was still on chemo, my mindset was always “I have more treatment to go, if the cancer is still there then no biggie, there’s a reason there’s multiple rounds rather than just one”. Since I finished and started the waiting game things have become a little more shaky, especially when I try to sleep at night, but I just keep reminding myself that worrying won’t change the outcome, and if the news isn’t good, that still doesn’t mean it’s the end of the road for me.

I know this doesn’t apply to all situations and many are far less fortunate than me, but I figure even if I still have cancer, there’s not much point being miserable too. It’s already taken away six months of my life, my hair, and left me with the get-up-and-go of an old man, it can fuck off and let me have some quality time now I’m out of hospital.  
I agree completely, however I would still argue that not communicating it at all until someone did the research to prove it is by far the worst option. While making the user aware that their phone was being throttled because of the battery would still result in some tinfoil-hatters telling everyone it was a lie to sell more phones, staying quiet has seeded mistrust that will last for years. Even more so considering damn near every outlet out there has gone with the headline “Apple deliberately slows down old iPhones”. Yes, there is context and explanation in the article, but this is 2017, people make their life decisions based on headlines they read on Facebook. 
Funnily enough after several months of chemo I do actually have a runny nose all the time. I also use an iPhone. Coincidence? I THINK NOT
As far as I can tell my S2 is just as fast with watchOS 4 as it was with 3; problem is launching apps cold is and always has been incredibly slow. If you can pick 10 or less apps you want to use on a regular basis you’re good, you can pin them in the dock, keep them in memory and they’re nice and fast. But if you ever need to launch anything you don’t use very often it defeats the entire point of the Watch, because by the time the thing has actually launched you could have got your phone out, launched the same app, and done what you needed to do. I kind of wish I’d waited for another year as apparently app launch speeds are one of the biggest improvements on the S3. 

While I’m here, it’s not the platform’s fault, but there are a lot of really shit Apple Watch apps too. Both Uber and my banking app have the same problem: they work fine for a few days, then out of nowhere will say “sign in on the iPhone app to continue”...except I am signed in and always have been. I just uninstalled them cause fuck performing a song and dance with logins every few days. 
Have I become same sort of Luddite for preferring to just plug my stuff in? My laptop battery lasts 10+ hours which is more than enough to get me through a working day, and my phone almost always lasts me all day, and if it doesn’t then 10-15 minutes on a fast charger will make sure it does. I know for the most part it’s a “free” feature that I can ignore, but it’s largely responsible for the move back from aluminium phone designs to glass sandwiches, and I resent that. 
Likewise, I suspected from first seeing him in TFA that there was at the very least going to be an interesting twist regarding him as a character; something along the lines of him actually being someone we know from earlier films in a horribly corrupted form (though granted the only thing he looks even remotely like is a Kaminoan). But nope, apparently he was just a dude. Not a Sith, and a nobody for the entire time the Empire reigned, yet powerful enough to slam people into the floor from half way across the galaxy and powerful enough to bridge two people’s minds with The Force, something we’ve never seen a third party do before. And yet, he couldn’t read an emotionally imbalanced apprentice spinning a lightsaber. 

I will grant that the Emperor also was not really given any backstory until the prequels, but there wasn’t *nearly* as much mystery in his character development. 
Damn it don’t tell me that while I’m pooping
>	Foreign food became mainstream and no longer something for the gentry.

Although you’ll still sometimes find that past a certain age a lot of folk still stay away. Obviously there’s plenty that eat all sorts, but as an example, my girlfriend’s grandparents have never tried, nor have any interest in, pasta or pizza. Something I find completely mind boggling as they’re such commonplace foods today that I have to remind myself that they are technically “foreign”. 
Ah, yeah I knew about this but it doesn’t appear until way later than the phone starts throttling. Like the battery has to be nearly dead before it shows up. 
Err not really, it’s just basic logic. If Hondas started breaking down when a new one came out, you’d stop buying Hondas pretty damn quick. This is a company that brags about their customer satisfaction ratings at *every single* event they hold. I’m not defending them here, they made the wrong decision. I’m just saying that this still doesn’t lend any credence to the idea that they do this to force upgrades, because that argument has never made any goddamn sense. 
A lot of people are mad simply that they’re doing it. The idea that they slow down old phones has existed long before they actually started doing it for battery reasons. And when every two-bit tech outlet is running the same “Apple admits slowing down old iPhones” headline, all you get is people saying “I knew it” without understanding the technical reason behind it.

I’m still not convinced that there’s any truth to the idea that this is to encourage upgrades, as surely if every iPhone got shitty a year into use you’d start looking at alternatives, no? You don’t encourage people to buy your new product by building up a reputation of all your previous ones being shitty. 

Instead, I think this is a case of Apple just doing what it’s always done and attempting to decide what’s best for the average customer (in this case a *theoretically* smooth decline in peak performance as the battery degrades). Except sometimes it gets it really, really wrong. 
If you own a Mac there’s a free utility called CoconutBattery that, as well as the battery status for the Mac, will also give you the battery status of any connected iOS device. It includes cycles, battery health percentage, and manufacture date. Very useful, especially as apps running on the iOS device itself can’t access that information. 
Touch ID modules are bound to phones, so you can’t replace the home button and have Touch ID still work (unless you’re Apple). Anything else is fine. 
People’s rage is completely misplaced here, largely because of clickbait reporting with headlines that only mention old phones slowing down, and not why, and also because of a misunderstanding of the problem. It’s nothing to do with making battery life longer as most people think: the reason they introduced this is because degraded batteries can’t supply the peak voltage needed for CPU bursts, which resulted in phones just randomly shutting down. So what they’re doing is legit, IMO, and people shouldn’t get mad at them for doing it because they’d be just as mad if their phone was randomly shutting down. 

What people should be mad about is that it’s not communicated to the user at all. A simple pop-up or a message in Settings saying “Your battery needs service. Performance has been reduced to prevent system instability” would be all that’s needed. It works that way on macOS, why not iOS? As someone who uses their phone a lot I would not mind paying for a new battery to get an extra year out of it, but I want to know when that becomes necessary without running Geekbench every week. 
You have to comprise fairly significantly on design to keep a removable battery. For one, waterproofing takes a hit. Yeah there’s water resistant phones with removable batteries (Galaxy S5) but it’s pretty shitty and much more prone to failure from simple things like not clipping the cover on absolutely perfectly, or the seal wearing. Secondly you’ve got to add a whole additional layer of covering over the internal components. If you were to remove the back from an iPhone you’d be looking at a motherboard as well as a battery. To have a user replaceable battery without a risk of the internals getting all fucked up every time you open it, you need an additional layer of plastic to cover everything but the battery. That adds weight, but more importantly takes up space in a device where every millimetre is at a premium. That saved space can then be used to add a bigger battery (though I’ll admit you see this more with Android phones than Apple’s, but same principle). Same applies to laptops—check out [the amount of battery in a modern MacBook with a fixed battery](https://goo.gl/images/r7QBky) compared to [older models where it was removable](https://goo.gl/images/ZGGjCe). Even accounting for the extra space from the lack of a 2.5” drive, the difference is fairly substantial. They’re able to fill the nooks and crannies by using multiple different shaped cells. 

There’s a reason why almost every manufacturer has moved to a fixed battery (even those like LG and Samsung which on all other fronts, like microSD cards and headphone jacks have gone with what the customer wants); view it as a money making scheme if you like, but the fact of the matter is that compared to the volume of phones they sell, almost no-one swaps out their battery. 
>	In addition to the new iMac Pro, Apple is working on a completely redesigned, next-generation Mac Pro architected for pro customers who need the highest performance, high-throughput system in a modular, **upgradeable** design, as well as a new high-end pro display.

[From the iMac Pro press release a couple of days ago.](https://www.apple.com/uk/newsroom/2017/12/imac-pro-the-most-powerful-mac-ever-available-today/) Every Mac Pro they sold up until the trash can was fully user upgradeable, the roundtable they had earlier in the year and everything they’ve mentioned since suggests they plan to return to that style of computer. Prior to the trash can they even made it as easy as possible to upgrade. You could pull down the side panel and swap out drives and cards without so much as a screwdriver, it was all tool-less and very well thought out. 
To be fair switching to the USB-C connector was probably a good move considering that within a few years almost everything will use type C. The only potential downside is trying to use Thunderbolt 3 peripherals on a computer that only has USB, but considering the expense and pro demographic of TB3 equipment I doubt it will be a huge issue. I can’t see anyone accidentally buying a TB3 RAID array for example. 
>	People constantly ask for things that are "easy"

Yup, thankfully I work at a small company and management are very understanding, but we somewhat regularly have to sit down with them to explain why a feature they were expecting to quote a couple of days for will actually take several weeks. Goes hand in hand with requests being dismally under-specced, as when you start asking questions it often turns out that customers actually don’t really know what they want or how they want it to work. 
Unless specifically told not to, I can’t imagine going to any interview not wearing a suit. Don’t get me wrong, I love that I can wear a t-shirt and jeans for my programming job, but I’m still dressing smartly for the interview. It makes a good impression and it shows you’re serious about wanting the job, IMO.
To be fair she and Walt were in danger if Ted didn’t pay his tax bill. He was in total denial despite Skyler telling him multiple times that if they started investigating him, they would also investigate her as the accountant. And she and her husband had just bought an $800,000 car wash wish questionably obtained funds. 
No iOS user would complain about Google not using Material Design. It’s a great design language and it’s fantastic on Android where it’s the platform default, but it sticks out like a sore thumb on iOS. 
But they’re still terrible iOS apps. They’re totally inconsistent with the platform. They don’t use any native controls, their behaviour isn’t even consistent amongst themselves (some support swipe to go back, some don’t). They take longer than almost every other major developer to add new system features (iPhone X support, drag and drop support, picture-in-picture on YouTube is still nowhere to be seen)—Apple does everything it can to make new stuff as easy as possible to implement, but when you toss out the entire stack and replace it with something else it’s the user that suffers. They’re just not nice to use if you like iOS. 
It will upload if it can’t match it, the only problem is sometimes it thinks it can match it when it can’t. For example, every time I got a new phone, I used have to turn off Apple Music, sync The Moon & Antarctica by Modest Mouse in the old fashioned way, then turn AM back on and merge libraries. Purely because it thinks it’s matched it, but it matches everything to live versions because that’s all that’s available on iTunes. For what it’s worth, I think it’s gotten better about it as long as there is a local copy somewhere, as when I got my iPad earlier in the year it just worked as it should without the little song and dance.  
>	so people can just buy a $50 battery

I mean Apple will replace your battery for $80 so it’s not the end of the world. IMO the extra 30 is worth knowing it’s not a Chinese knock off that will start to bloat after 6 months and take my phone with it. 
They’re not doing it to make you upgrade though, they’re doing it to make the phone not randomly shut down. It’s also a relatively new thing (iOS 10) yet people have been making the claim for years and years. It’s still a shit situation that absolutely should be communicated though. The second it happens there should be a message pop up on the phone saying “your battery needs servicing, and until then performance is lowered”. This sort of thing shouldn’t be a left a secret for users to discover themselves and it’s total bullshit how they’ve gone about it. 
I know some people have had an awful experience but I’ve been a customer myself since 2012 across three different cities, and when I still lived at home my mum has been with them so long it was Cable & Wireless when she first signed up, and we’ve never had any major issues. I know that probably puts us in the minority, but like I say I’ve had no reason to consider any alternatives because everywhere I’ve lived the only other options available has been the various Openreach-based suppliers. 
You shouldn’t, what I meant was that because iCloud Music Library has support for uploading local tracks, any successor to iTunes will most likely also support local files. Meaning that even if you don’t use any Apple Music or cloud features, you’ll most likely still be able to use the successor in the same way you use iTunes today. 
Yup, port UIKit to macOS and expand the capabilities of AutoLayout and suddenly developing for the Mac is not too different to adding support for a new size of iPad. Hell, in the case of any MacBook released in the last 5 years it already supports all the touch gestures via the trackpad.

I can see some difficulty arising from a Mac window being able to be any size compared to the fixed fractions of the screen an iPad app can consume, but people have been dealing with that problem for over 30 years, so it can’t be that bad. 
At this point I think I’d rather them just sort of leave the Mac alone. Give us the latest silicon every year, give us a design refresh every few years. Continue to add the occasional quality of life improvement and compatibility with whatever new iOS features roll out. But I feel like yearly major releases of macOS are negatively impacting the platform, and I don’t think we need any radical changes to what the Mac is. 

Because the Mac and traditional computing on the whole is so very obviously not the future, what I’m scared of is them attempting to make the Mac more appealing to primary iOS users and instead making it appealing to almost no-one by way of alienating people like me. Since I got an iPad my Mac is solely a software development machine, and I’m in the camp that no matter how much they improve the iPad, that’s one task that my Mac will always be objectively better at.

Thankfully, their attitude towards things like putting touch screens on Macs makes me think that nothing is drastically changing any time soon. 
I’m starting to feel more and more like a Luddite. Every time someone suggests that Macs should have touch screens I feel very strongly against it. I still think touch screen laptops and desktops are terrible compromises (I include the iPad Pro + Smart Keyboard in this), but it feels like the whole world is against me. 
iCloud Music Library is now also an Apple Music feature (whereas it was previously restricted to iTunes Match), so I don’t think you’ll be losing your local library any time soon. 
Don’t Apple now automatically slice the binaries and only serve the version specific to the target platform when you download from the App Store? I’m sure I read something to that effect a few years ago. Or it might have been related to Swift bitcode; the bitcode gets uploaded and they handle final compilation and serving the correct version on their end. My memory is hazy though. 
That sounds somewhat similar to how other countries’ nationalised rail networks operate our private franchises for profit. I wonder which political party was responsible for that..?
I don’t doubt that Apple is capable of producing a laptop grade A-series chip that could embarrass Intel’s lower TDP offerings (the A11 already outperforms the lower-end MacBooks), and they’ve already pulled off two architecture changes relatively painlessly, so they’re definitely capable of that. But I worry about things like virtualisation, which Intel has been baking in purpose-built CPU features for for several years now. Sure, I could live without things Docker, but it would make my workflow objectively worse than it is now. And while I don’t doubt that it would eventually be ported, we’re now talking about emulation rather than virtualisation, destroying any performance increase from the change of architecture.

That said, I could totally see a world in which the MacBook is ARM and the MacBook Pro upwards is x86. But is it worth the hassle, especially when Intel is making steady improvements to its 5W TDP chips?
Apple Maps does continue to improve, but the problem is that because of Google’s many-year head start, and because of how much Google’s search and business data and user input feeds back into Maps, I can’t imagine a situation in which Apple will ever really catch up. If anything, the gap is getting wider. 
I think Apple Maps is a better *app* purely because Google doesn’t make iOS apps, it makes Android apps that happen to also run on iOS. They’ve all got the iTunes-on-Windows feel about them—yeah they work, but they’re not nice to use if you enjoy the way the platform natively does things.

But, that doesn’t count for shit when Google’s data is as far ahead as it is, so I’ll continue to use Google Maps probably forever. 
That article was truly sad to read. Being born in the early 90s I had no idea. That was such a huge fuck up. 
Even dafter is that the monopoly concern turned out to be totally invalid, as Virgin has been offering FTTC that shits over the competition for years. I know they only have around 50% household coverage nationwide but I’m on a 200mbps plan for a very reasonable price. No matter how much money I pay a competitor the best I can get is 76mbps. 
You should try Apollo, it works largely the same but supports all the new reddit stuff and is still under active development 
Why do people even still use the official app? There are significantly better alternatives on both Android and iOS. 
I’ve actually found standalone faceplates to be significantly harder to find than whole units. I did buy a third party replacement a while ago but that itself showed up in terrible condition despite supposedly being new. 
Yup, it really is. It all works fine on iOS, why doesn't iTunes run a check on start up and realise, "hey, nothing points to these files I'm responsible for anymore. Better delete them". I mean I'm only a very light user of Apple's rotating playlists and I've still managed to pick up 20GB of junk.
Thanks! I'm hoping this means it'll be my last one...I really like some of the limited edition ones but they're very much out of my price range.
Yeah, I figured I'd have to do that. Means I also need to try to remember which of my albums AM thinks it can match but does so incorrectly.
Damn that’s impressive! I thought I was bad buying three (original -> original XL -> new normal). 
They can certainly be difficult to find, especially if you want one in decent condition. Unless you like pink, no-one seems to want the pink ones so they make up the majority of eBay listings. 
I’ve been buying micros since about 2011, but due to a combination of poor eBay descriptions, horrible eBay photo compression, and micro faceplates seemingly being constructed from some sort of butter, I’ve always ended up with scratched units. But this one is absolutely flawless and I couldn’t be happier with it! It set me back £63 (US$~84), so not the best deal in the world, but considering how most units I’ve seen in this condition are untouched Famicom models selling for several times more, I’m happy with my purchase. I own an AGS-101 which is probably better overall for playing at home, but there’s something so damn cool about these that I haven’t been able to resist trying to track down a good condition unit. 
Okay now you’ve gotta be trolling.

Low pixel count? It’s 458 pixels per inch. It might not be the highest but that’s still an insanely dense screen, especially considering the quality.

Small performance gains? It’s 25% more powerful in single core and twice as powerful in multi core than the previous iPhone. It’s more than twice as powerful in single core and 50% more powerful in multi core than the Note 8, which most would agree is the most powerful Android handset. This is going by Geekbench scores, which is the de facto standard in measuring smartphone performance. 
Well ppi is the only thing you should be caring about in terms of resolution because it takes the size of the screen into account and therefore determines if the resolution is adequate. A 720p screen would be absolutely fine if the screen was half the size, for example.
There is absolutely no point in QHD or >500ppi screens on sub-6” screens. You can’t tell the difference and they just waste battery life. Why do you think Samsung phones run at reduced resolution by default the majority of the time?

And yes, while you do get less in terms of absolute pixel counts than competitors, you also get [the highest rated, most colour accurate smartphone display ever measured](http://www.displaymate.com/iPhoneX_ShootOut_1a.htm), as well as DCI-P3, Dolby Vision, and HDR10 support, and TrueTone which can optionally dynamically adjust white balance to match ambient lighting. 

So “less for your money” is entirely subjective. 
I think it’s less defending their products and more just pointing out when people like yourselves post things that are completely wrong. They don’t sell *any* MacBooks with four year old processors, and their $1000 phone has a 458ppi screen which is more than enough and beyond the point of diminishing returns.

Here are some valid things you could have chosen:

-	the new MacBooks are more expensive than they have been for years, require adapters for almost all IO use cases, and have unreliable keyboards
-	the still-expensive iPhone 8 *does* have a screen resolution that’s far lower than it should be for the price
-	the current Mac Pro has not been updated since its release in 2013 because they designed themselves into a thermal corner and were considering discontinuing the line. A replacement is coming, and the iMac Pro will fit many use cases the Mac Pro does, but people who need a desktop Mac with workstation components have been left in the lurch since 2014
Nothing wrong with this at all, don’t worry. 
Huawei sells phones in the UK. Believe it or not they don’t trounce Apple, or Samsung, or any other well entrenched competitors. They’re decent budget options but most people still haven’t even heard of them. 
I doubt you’re even in the same country as me but just out of curiosity, what sort of price are you looking for? That thing is an absolute beauty!
Have you got anything else that might support it? PlayStation, Xbox, maybe an app built-in to the TV?
At a guess I would say a combination of very good compensation and desire to maintain the status quo of something he helped build. It seems like a significant portion of Fring’s empire was composed of Mike’s guys, so he’s also protecting his own interests a lot of the time. He’s also probably seen even more shit by BB than he has in BCS, especially considering cartel activities. 
You’ll reach a cliff eventually 
I have three Blue Eyes but somehow I doubt they’re in 400 condition. What I do find funny years later is you can get a Blue Eyes Ultimate for basically nothing but Polymerization costs a fortune. 
If I’m ever silly rich, I plan to spend the £2000 or so people charge on eBay for a sealed early series booster box of Pokémon cards so I can just sit and open them. I feel like it would fulfil a childhood dream. Also the smell. Fresh trading cards smell *great*. 
iPads, even, if you’re using student discount. Was a nice unexpected bonus considering the set they gave me retailed for £130, especially considering I was already getting a discount on the iPad. I gave them to my girlfriend for when she runs, she says they’re alright. Probably not £130 alright, but free is free ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ 
UK here, don’t go to KFC often enough to know if they do gravy, but I’d definitely want it with ketchup or BBQ sauce or hot sauce or something. Gravy is for roast chicken, not fried, IMO. But whatever floats your boat. Cartman seemed a fan. 
This is my problem, I have no issue with microtransactions as a concept but it’s so rare to see an implementation that doesn’t suck every ounce of fun out of the game. Whenever I play a mobile game and I see a timer pop up for a common action, it’s pretty much a guarantee that it’ll be uninstalled within a day or two. 
Because it’s run by corporations. Not to say everything is hunky dory here; we’re essentially run by Rupert Murdoch, but I doubt he has as much to gain from cash machine fees. 
All virtual assistants need a chattiness slider. We’ve got a Google Home Mini and when you ask it to do stuff it tends to repeat what you asked for back to you. I know it does this to show that it did the correct thing and didn’t mishear you, but it’s annoying nonetheless. 
>	Labor 

Ooh, given yourself up there haven’t you you crafty little shit
I wish GZ and TPP had Yoji Shinkawa box art. The actual cover art just looks way too “generic blockbuster tough guy”. 
I’ve got a six week wait before I find out if I’m in remission. I try not to think about it too much but sometimes it creeps in. 
I’m friends with a couple and the girlfriend used to always send me screenshots of conversations when they had arguments and stuff despite me asking her not to. There wasn’t really any malice, she just wanted to talk about stuff but sending verbatim conversations is not the way to do that, especially if I’m also friends with the other party. Thankfully she doesn’t do it anymore. It made me feel really uncomfortable. 
Who the fuck would take a vertical video then frame it in horizontal 16:9?
Yeah, I was surprised to learn the US doesn’t have local loop unbundling. You can’t feasibly have more than a couple of different companies running lines to a house, so it’s essentially a natural monopoly. How can they say they support competition and an open market if the system they’ve created only allows for 1-3 players? It gets even more insulting when you consider the many billions of dollars the US taxpayer has subsidised these companies to build out infrastructure that they’ve pocketed for themselves instead. 
That’s basically how the Department of Work and Pensions in the U.K. assesses fitness to work. 
Damn, I wonder how much computing power in the world is sitting there unused at any given time. 
Finished my last round of chemo last Monday. I don’t find out if I’m in remission until mid January, and I’m currently back in hospital with a mild virus that my limping immune system is struggling with, but I should be home for Christmas and that makes me happy.
I realised this when my cousin was growing up. Kids just have this uncanny ability to always be blocking the TV regardless of how many times you tell them. 
Love how much stinkeye the dog is giving 
M A X I M A L S N O O T
Genius is entirely automated so no, no-one is checking it
People shit on Apple for proprietary stuff but they’ve actually had very little of it in the last 20 years. Aside from the old 30-pin dock connector, Lightning, and a couple of odd video ports 10 years ago, there’s been nothing proprietary, especially on their computers. While the prevalence of the iPhone has meant there’s a lot of devices out there with proprietary connectivity, saying “proprietary everything” is just wrong. They haven’t released a computer with a non-standard port since the original 2008 MacBook Air. 

And with regards to “more money for less power”, their mobile devices outclass the competition in terms of horsepower so much it’s become something of a joke. 
Of course they do, they just feel like a sad attempt to maintain face is preferable to actually doing the right thing. It’s the Tory way on pretty much everything (see also: benefits, drugs, the NHS); stick your head in the sand and pretend it’s the fault of anything but the valuation of wishful thinking over actual data. 
But the grease is the best part!
It’s also a 4 year old phone. Newer smartphones are orders of magnitude more powerful, and people largely build their apps with newer devices in mind, considering how many people upgrade every couple of years. 
That would work, yes
Oh god, I’d forgotten about that. That was chilling. 
Don’t confuse USB-C with Thunderbolt, or USB 3 with either of them. USB-C is strictly a connector that can carry a variety of signals, like USB 3.0, 3.1, or Thunderbolt 3 as examples. But not all ports support all signals. The article you linked to is regarding Intel dropping its royalty requirement on TB implementations and moving the functionality from a separate controller to an on-die solution for certain CPU lines. It’s completely separate from anything to do with USB. 
You’re totally correct, but with how incredibly rampant piracy was on the PSP, especially once MS Pro Duo to MicroSD adapters showed up, it’s easy to see why they were so apprehensive. But yeah, it sucks that I have to keep track of several expensive and small proprietary cards that make the system reboot every time I swap one instead of just being able to buy one reasonably priced SD card that will fit all my library on it. 
Well it kills many birds with one stone as it can also handle video and high wattage charging. If you need a system that can sit in a dock and immediately and hot-swappably receive power and provide video and USB, USB-C is just the obvious choice. Then again this is Nintendo so maybe we should be grateful. 
I feel like they missed their chance with the launch of the iPad Pro, especially because the Lightning ports in those devices support a bunch of USB 3 stuff. I also feel like they actually would have gone with USB-C back in 2012 if it was like it is today rather than just an early draft standard. As it is, they’re stuck in a bit of an awkward point where they’ve spent years building up a wide ecosystem of accessories, and some people are still pissed at them for changing connector five years ago. Of course it probably helps that they make a nice cut of all those accessories, so they’re not exactly incentivised to move to a standard. 
Actually there was only ever two proprietary connectors, not three (the very very first iPod connected FireWire-FireWire which, while uncommon outside of Macs and video cameras, was very much standardised). They slimmed down the plastic around the old dock connector over time, but it was the same connector 👍
You’re confusing points and pixels. iOS UI is measured in points, which is kinda the same as @1x for all intents and purposes. But then different devices render each point with a different number of pixels. So an iPhone X will render each point with three pixels, so a 200x100 *point* image will be 600x300 *pixels* on the screen, and will use your @3x image to fill the space.

So you need to design your storyboard using points, making them the size you want them to appear on the screen, and the device will handle using the right assets for each device.  
They finally bought orange back! I’ve been waiting a over year for an orange Apple silicon case for the 7 Plus, it’s the only case I ever actually liked. 
They’re not wheelchair accessible so I think they have to be gone by 2019 unless they’re retrofitted, which I’m not sure would be worth it. 
>	Anyone can do it. Trust me.

That simply isn’t true though, it’s wishful thinking. I’m not disparaging the hard work you’ve put in over the years, and I’m sure you deserve everything you’ve worked for, but without even knowing you I can say with certainty there are people who could work harder than you and still not pull themselves out of the same situations. There might be places with choice in abundance, and help wanted signs lining the streets, but there are also places that there isn’t, and the people that live there and have no means to move deserve protection too. You managed to get your footing, and more power to you, but there are countless people out there for whom the playing field is basically vertical. They can’t get out of the gutter because the system is stacked against them.

And don’t start me on charities, they undoubtedly do wonderful work and the world is better with them, but do you not see a problem with people having to hope they can rely on charity to help them survive? When just by scrolling through Twitter you can find GoFundMes where people have had to beg strangers on the internet to help them afford life saving surgeries? That’s not a solution, it’s a drip tray under a leaking pipe. 

Now yes, I totally agree with you that the astronomical costs are the primary issue, but that’s what happens when you privatise people’s health. The thing they need more than anything else. ”Pay us or die” isn’t really a choice.

>	The costs are still astronomically high, it's just now the taxpayer paying it. 

This is where you’re wrong. Look into pretty much any country with universal healthcare. By being the de facto largest “insurance” provider, the government instantly has incredible negotiating power. It’s how it works here; the government will say how much it is willing to pay for things and 9 times out of 10 the drug companies or whathaveyou agree. They still make money, tremendous amounts, but no-one at any stage is getting billed for a broken arm at a 100x inflated rate due to insurance middlemen paying out less and less to hospitals. Health insurances companies don’t give care or provide services, they literally exist only to derive profit from a sick person and a hospital.

Of course, it’s not perfect. Some treatments, particularly new or experimental stuff, aren’t available on the NHS because they cost too much. It’s relatively rare, but if it does happen and you have the means, you can still have private healthcare. You still have choice. 

And this is all ignoring the fact that, unless you’re very wealthy, you pay less in tax for universal healthcare than you do for private premiums in the US, with far better access and far fewer coverage limitations. 

>	Our country is trillions of dollars in debt, we simply can't afford it

You spend $600 billion a year on defense. You can afford it. Countries with a tiny fraction of your GDP have been operating successful systems for five decades or more. You can afford it.
Euro, dawg
The day I found out my grandad died, I went to tell one of my roommates I’d had some bad news. He had a friend staying with him who I’d never met before, who respectfully went to leave the room to give us some time to chat. Except, for some reason, I assumed this total stranger moving towards me to get out the door was coming in for a hug. He was not. 
Lol. “You chose a shitty job”. As if people living paycheque to paycheque or on the poverty line can afford to turn down work because the benefits don’t quite suit them right. You remind me of people we have here in the UK who say people struggling to find work should just “get on their bike and look elsewhere”, as if uprooting an entire family is free and easy.

But I digress. I know neither of us is going to convince the other even a tiny bit, but I feel you’re missing my point here. You’re essentially saying everything is okay because “most” companies “usually” offer this sort of thing. You live in a nation of 300 million people, so statistically I can guarantee for a few million people it is definitely not okay. That is to say, people who don’t have jobs, or people who do but don’t fall under your umbrella of “most”, or people who contract difficult diseases their insurance won’t cover. Do they deserve to die if they do get cancer? Do they deserve to go into tens, hundreds of thousands of dollars of debt to remain alive? I don’t know if your answer to that question is “yes”, but if it is I don’t think there’s anything I can say to you to change your mind. But, every other developed nation offers this sort of thing as a legal right, so people can’t get screwed, or at least it’s much less likely to happen. Yes, some small number of people unfortunately abuse it, but many times more are prevented from being screwed over by matters outside their control.

Answer me this though. In another one of your comments you say you worked hard and struggled to get where you are today. I respect that. But it almost seems like you want to ensure that other people have to struggle just as much to get the same. Now I might be wrong in that assumption, but if I’m not, why? Don’t you want to leave a better future for the generations ahead of us? Where the baseline is so much better that their hard work gets them even further?
I think it’s generally a good ad, but it’s baffling as one of the strongest points Apple has tried to make since the launch of the iPad Pro is “this device is a totally a proper computer and can replace a lot of people’s laptops”. Yet the ad ends with everything the detractors have said all along, “it’s not really a computer hurr durr”. 
Cool, in a lot of places in your country that burger place can also fire you because you became too ill to show up to work, because your workers rights are amongst the worst in the world. But whatever man, I’m not gonna change your mind. It’s your country, do what you want. 
I literally just today finished chemo for lymphoma. I truly feel for everyone that has to live with the consequences of your healthcare system. Cancer fucking sucks, no-one should have to worry whether they can afford to battle it. 
I’ve always wondered what the Tories do when they finally run out of public institutions to sell on the cheap to their mates. Do they just call it a day? Do they try to privatise government itself?
Because in most cases your employer makes far more from your hard work than they share with you, and can definitely afford it (see: the rest of the developed world)? Because we’re all human and deserve to take a little break without having to worry if we can eat that week? Because everyone gets ill sometimes and it often isn’t their fault and they don’t deserve to have their entire life turn into a trainwreck because of it?

This notion of everything the entire rest of the developed world considers to be basic rights being somehow “entitled” is fucking baffling, and it’s something I only see in Americans. You are being robbed blind every day by huge corporations and yet you defend it. Demand better for gods sakes! It’s the only way to make any progress. 
I mean, I don’t know your wife so I don’t know her thought process, but my point was: wouldn’t that just mean she likes iPhones? I’ve been solely an iPhone user for years and for what I want out of a phone it’s all I’d realistically consider for myself (though I regularly recommend other handsets for people with different wants and needs). But it’s not because I want to show it off or because I think it makes me look good, I just like them. I enjoy using them and they tick all the boxes I need ticking. 
I’ve got a 2015 13” MacBook Pro and I’m super happy with it, software and all. I just wish they’d drop the yearly release cycle for macOS, it’s not necessary and never was. Sure, release a point update to roll in compatibility with the new iOS features, but yearly releases just mean that from September to January every year I either have out of date software or sloppy software. It’s a problem for iOS too, but with how the smartphone market is they don’t have too much of a choice. 
If I had to guess I would say because the majority of people never ever plug their iOS devices into computers anymore, but the ones that do are mostly not using new MacBook Pros or high end Windows machines (simply because they make up only a small fraction of computer sales).

Not to defend their decision at all as it’s mostly self inflicted, but they’re damned all roads round. Think about it: they ship a USB-A cable, people laugh that you can’t plug your $1000 phone into your $2000 laptop. They ship a USB-C cable, you get “what the hell, I have to buy a new PC to plug my phone in?”. They ship an adapter, you’ll get people criticising the fact that you need two adapters with your new phone (headphone and USB). Ship two cables, you also need two power bricks or an adapter anyway. It probably is just easier to keep shipping USB-A for a couple more years then switch to USB-C when most new machines sold include it. 

Again, not defending, just positing. What they should probably do is include an adapter or two with the *MacBook*. 
Okay, this is somewhere where I’ll admit unfamiliarity. It could well be the case in poorer countries. 
How is that anything to do with being a status symbol? I’m sure plenty of S7 and even S8 owners lusted after the Note 8 when it was announced, but I doubt many people would say they were doing it for the street cred. Apart from those slightly odd people who insist you’re an idiot if you spend more than $250 on a phone. 
No, I’ve never lived in anything remotely close to a wealthy neighbourhood. I’ve lived in the working class north of England my entire life, and I sold phones for a living for two years. iPhones just aren’t hard enough to get to be a status symbol. You can get an older one free on contract or buy them used for not a whole lot of money. For most people in the market for anything above an ultra-low price phone, there’s no tangible difference between getting an iPhone or any other phone. 
Yeah, I know the plural of “anecdote” isn’t “data”, but it’s something I don’t think I’ve ever come across. I sold phones for two years and 99% of the reasons people chose the phone they did, iPhone, Android, or otherwise, could be covered by the following three reasons: “I liked my last phone and I want something similar”, “I didn’t like my last phone and I want something different”, and “all my family and friends use this type of phone and I want something interoperable/easy/that they can help me with”. 
They’re not a status symbol, there’s literally over a billion of them in the world. They’re not a Prada or a Bentley, they’re Coca-Cola, and while they are mostly expensive, the wide price range and fact that almost everyone buys them on some sort finance deal means that they can sell to everyone. 

>	What other purpose is there for the Iphone X over Iphone 8, if not vanity?

Because it’s a better phone? Like I have a hard time understanding how someone on a technology subreddit would even be asking this. Whether you like iPhones or not, it’s pretty obvious that a better phone will cost more money. The Note 8 costs more than the S8. How is that vanity?
Everyone and their wife has iPhones. They’re the most common single type of phone in the world and they run the gamut from $350 to over a thousand. I’ve never bought the idea that any group of people larger than statistically negligible seriously buys them as a status symbol. 
If the screen is important to you I’d highly suggest the 10.5”. You get ProMotion and HDR, definitely worth the extra money unless you’re getting a crazy good deal on the 9.7”. 
Well that depends on your opinion. Personally, I don’t really find any of the arguments to leave compelling, however as we’re a democracy I respect the opinions of others and their right to excise them via voting. I accept that there are things that to some people are totally valid reasons to leave.

The misinformation campaigns are another matter, but it just struck me as odd in the two examples I gave as the “sovereignty” argument has never held water if you look into how the EU actually works, and mandating that white goods be better for the environment hardly seems like something to be up in arms over. 

My post was less “there are no reasons to leave” and more “some people have really weird reasons for wanting to leave considering that they didn’t vote in ignorance”. 
This is definitely a huge problem, but there are plenty of cases I’ve come across of intelligent people capable of critical thinking who voted leave for seemingly bizarre (to my mind anyway) decisions. My boss is a very smart guy, worked in local government for years before his current job, and is politically centre-left, yet for some reason sees the EU as some sort of modern day USSR and can’t stand the idea of us enacting laws “from other countries” (even though not only do we have a say, we’ve historically supported and been a key part of many of those laws).
My girlfriend’s step-dad is a very intelligent man and quite a successful financial adviser. He’s been a long-time Lib Dem voter, yet seems to have problems with things like the restrictions on inefficient appliances among other things. 

The only they have in common is reading newspa...oh. I guess that explains a lot. 
Have you tried scrolling through older photos? Safari saves it under the creation date of the image rather than the date it was saved, so you can often find it anywhere from weeks to years in the past. 
I’d say go for 16 and spent the extra money on an SSD. I develop on a MacBook with 8 gigs of RAM and while I wouldn’t mind more it’s perfectly usable. 
Swift actually does this by default, or something very close to it. If you ignore the return value of a function that returns a value, you get a warning unless you specifically mark the function as `@discardableResult`.  
I figured this would be the case. I started a new town in New Leaf a few weeks ago, so I ended up deleting Pocket Camp without launching it. I don’t have room in my life for two Animal Crossings, especially if one isn’t very good. NL will just have to tide me over until Nintendo decides to bless us with a proper sequel on Switch. 
Follow the arrows, generally. I’m having to mentally mirror this for driving on the right, but it’s usually outside lane for right and straight on, inside lane for anything left of straight on, unless always indicated by signs or road markings. Think of it like an orange, with traffic peeling off as you go around. 
Definitely not the rest of Europe. If that’s correct, that’s fucking insane. 
I guess it would make a lot of sense that they’re more widely available in university towns. We did eat a lot of pizza and we’d tend to always have people over and so be ordering 8-10 at a time. I don’t live there anymore though and literally don’t think I’ve seen a single one since I moved. 
£200 by itself isn’t a great deal of money. But £200, on a random Friday, for pizza, is not something most people would even entertain. But yeah it’s certainly possible he charged it to the business.
I miss the halcyon days of 2013-2014. It was my second and third year of university and 50% off vouchers were in endless supply. If there hadn’t been one pushed through your door earlier in the week or hastily taped onto the last pizza you ordered, it was only a Google search away. Every day was Two for Tuesday. 
They probably could have had it done by now had they built their iOS apps around UIKit rather than porting the entire Material Design stack to iOS. 
Add in some ignorance of the fact that private insurance *is* them paying for other people’s healthcare (as that is how all insurance works), just by way of lining the pockets of huge corporations whose practices also highly inflate the cost of care of treatment.

Then add some ignorance of the fact that it’s not one person paying for the healthcare of another, it’s *everyone* paying for the care of *everyone*. We achieve more co-operatively. Imagine the mess your country would be in if policing and firefighting was also done via private subscription? I don’t think any sane person would argue for that. 

Then top it off with the fact that if you live in a country with universal healthcare, you are pretty much guaranteed to be paying less in tax for it than you would be paying premiums in the US. America spends significantly more per capita on healthcare than many countries with vastly wider, fairer access. 

At the end of the day though, I’m never quite sure how to make the argument as someone from a country where our healthcare system is seen as a point of national pride amongst the majority of citizens. If you’re someone who believes that a person should be left to die or burdened with crippling debt that they can never repay because they were unfortunate enough to both be poor and to catch a horrible disease, or have an accident, or even worse be attacked by someone else...I don’t know what I can say to convince you otherwise. 
I would love to visit loads of places in America and spend a good deal of time there, and plan to when I’m older and have had the chance to save up some money. But I could never live there. I just can’t imagine life in a society with no universal access to healthcare, incredibly poor workers’ rights, and such obvious corruption with regards to corporate meddling in government policy. The Conservative party here in the UK are an uncaring and shady bunch, but they look like boy scouts compared to the Republican Party. It’s just so sad that years of corporate-sponsored politicians telling people that it’s impossible, immoral, and weak to demand the same rights as the rest of the developed world has actually worked.

It’s so obvious to see how they’ve done it too; they’ve turned people implicitly in favour of corporations by turning them against each other. “Why should I pay for someone else’s healthcare?” is the most egregious and common example. Create and exploit a sense of unfairness, convince people to spite the majority to avoid helping the minority that might not deserve it, and totally ignore the fact that taxpayers in pretty much every country with universal healthcare pay significantly less in taxes than Americans do in premiums. 
And if you ease up then 3D Touch again without lifting your finger off the screen, you go into text selection mode. A little tricky to do at first but once you get used to it it’s really quick and easy. 
Maybe I’m missing something, but why not just deny location access altogether instead of spoofing?
From a software perspective macOS is the best of both worlds, at least for a web developer. The Unix guts mean that when you’re in a terminal everything works almost identically to your deployment platform, unlike Windows (I’m aware of the various Bash on Windows options but from what I hear they’re kinda janky), but you still get a great selection of highly polished userland software, something that is sorely lacking on Linux. Like, I appreciate that stuff like LibreOffice is maintained by a bunch of dedicated people donating their time, but it’s kind of a bag of shit to use.

The only thing I lament is that Macs were on the pricey side before but are now downright expensive since they refreshed the MacBook Pro line. They also looked to be veering off course in terms of grossly misunderstanding what pros actually want, though the iMac Pro and the journalist roundtable they had regarding the Mac Pro earlier in year seem to be a tacit admission that they know they done goofed and are taking steps to fix it.
The Iris GPUs have got pretty decent in the last couple of years, you’re not gonna be crunching 4K video or doing much in the way of CAD work on them, but they’re fast enough for a lot of tasks, even some light gaming. It’s a shame they don’t offer a 13” MBP with a dedicated GPU, although with the tendency of several models of the 15” to bake themselves to death, it would probably only be useful as a hot plate. 

What they *really* need to fix is their garbage OpenGL implementation. Metal is great and all, but nothing cross-platform is going to take the time to make a dedicated Metal port. This is especially noticeable in games, where running under Windows yields significantly better performance, even when both use OpenGL. 
The funniest part is that if he stuck with it and developed for iOS, he’d be roughly an order of magnitude more likely to actually make some money off it
Of course it failed. First time buyers who benefit from discounted homes are not typically people who vote Tory. People who typically vote Tory are homeowners who care very much about the house they picked up for a song thirty years ago continuing to rise in value to astronomic proportions, which is achieved primarily by making sure there isn’t enough housing to go around. Unless something changes dramatically, there’s no way today’s Conservative Party will ever give anything more than a notional shit about building affordable housing. 
And before anyone says, I know the constant ‘xx’ is weird if you’re not from the UK, but my dear old mum would be upset if I left them out. 
Man I haven’t seen that in years 
I’ve accidentally asked for a six-foot sub at least once 
To be fair the dude stopped with his back to a door full of demodogs, I don’t think the gun would have helped him all that much. 
I thought the shadow monster showing up on the TV was really cool. Considering how things in the Upside Down affect analogue electronics, I thought it conveyed a huge sense of power that something so distant would still be picked up. 
This might surprise you, but two thirds of men worldwide are *un*circumcised. It’s mostly only the Muslim and Jewish parts of the world and the US that do it as routine. And believe it or not, the rest of us are not all walking around with smelly infected dicks. It’s literally not even an issue. And if you do get an infection, we have these awesome things called antibiotics. I think you have them in America, and taking them is way better than someone cutting part of your nob off. 

And I’m not sure if you’re familiar with the process of cleaning under your foreskin, but it’s not difficult or complex. Pull back skin, clean. If people are incapable of that “because video games” (seriously, that’s your argument?), they deserve to get an infection. 
Because it’s a fucking weird thing to do man. I mean, presuming you’re American, it’s accepted in your society, hence the lack of strong opinion. But imagine logging on to Reddit one day and finding out that almost every parent in Europe opts to have their boy’s left testicle removed at birth. You don’t need it, they won’t remember the pain, and losing it halves the risk of testicular cancer!

When it’s not an ingrained part of your society it’s just impossible to understand why it’s so widespread and so accepted. 
-	Washing your dick is sanitary, which is a part I quoted that you ignored. And I imagine keeping your dick clean helps prevent infection. 
-	If you have HIV or hepatitis you should be wearing a condom anyway, so that’s a moot point
-	Compared to the total population of the world, *barely anyone* has sexually transmissible HIV or hepatitis, especially in America; certainly not enough people to justify mutilating the vast majority of your baby boys. 

Y’all need better arguments. 
Except that the “risk of complications” for a normal penis are so small it’s *already* basically zero, whereas a botched circumcision is irreversibly life changing. Even if it’s not botched, circumcisions can cause their own complications
It always amazes me how fiercely people will pipe up to defend medically unnecessary irreversible cosmetic surgery on newborn infants. Especially when the ramifications of a botched job are infinitely worse than what the procedure supposedly helps protect against. And the arguments in favour of it are piss poor:

“Looks gross uncut”, well whatever buddy, your opinion, but some kids are fuck ugly. Are you in favour of nose jobs for under 10s?

“Helps prevent infection and disease”. Probably statistically true, but believe it or not diseased dicks are not a rampant uncontrollable issue in the majority of the world that doesn’t circumcise unnecessarily. 

As for the hygiene argument, I refuse to even accept that. Cut or uncut, wash your dick every day like a normal goddamn person, no excuses. 
Fortunately, as a species we discovered how to adequately clean ourselves some time ago. 
50% of 0.01% is a very small chance indeed. I just made that number up, but it’s important to realise how percentage changes can be very misleading when you don’t know the base values.
>	according to the CDC helps prevent disease and in general is more sanitary

I feel like this is one of those things that, while statistically true, is a total non-issue as long as you’re capable of maintaining basic hygiene. Circumcision is the exception rather than the rule in the majority of the world, and it really isn’t an issue. 
I completely agree, not just on Battlefront 2 but on the PSP in general. I loved my DS and my GBA before it, but the PSP really was console games in your pocket and 12 year old me couldn’t get over that. I remember them being out of stock everywhere the Christmas I got mine, but my cousin found one online. It turned out to be a Japanese model, but that didn’t matter as games were region free, the firmware could be set to English, and Japan was also region 2 for UMD movies. The only difference was having to use O for confirm and X to cancel on the XMB. 

Got a lot of fond memories sitting in my aunty’s kitchen on Christmas Day playing Liberty City Stories and not being able to believe what I was seeing. Then later the hacking and custom firmware scene got me into programming, which is what I now do for a living. I wish the Vita had seen the same level of success. 
I’d love the design of the 2017 (keyboard and all) with a couple of USB-A and an SD card slot alongside the four TB3.

MagSafe is really nice but I think charging from multiple ports is ultimately better (plus breakaway USB-C chargers are a thing, albeit of dubious quality), HDMI is also nice but when you’ve already got four ports that can output video to multiple monitors via daisy chain it’s not super important imo. 

But I think we’re still a good few years away from USB-C ubiquity, whereas compared to something like the optical drive, I think most people had all but stopped using theirs before Apple dropped it from the lineup (I know I had). Plus, considering they took up about 25% of the inside of the machine, their removal allowed for way bigger batteries.

While I rarely use the SD card reader on my machine, it’s not something you can stick an adapter on and forget about, and it’s not like the new models are too thin to accommodate them.
I’m in a similar boat to you. Since I got my iPad Pro literally the only thing I use my 2015 13” for is programming and the occasional torrent. It’s become solely a work machine. Now granted it’s only two and a half years old so it obviously still does everything I need it to just fine, but when I do come to upgrade I think I’ll just get an iMac instead. I can’t remember the last time I took this thing out of the house. My only regret is that I didn’t pony up a bit more for the 15” model, as Xcode gets awfully cramped when I’m not using an external display. Nevertheless, I expect to get a solid five years out of this as I did my battered old plastic MacBook before it. 
Olaf, metal. That’s his fuckin’ metal face
I’m temporarily bald and I’ve just been using shower gel. I guess face wash would be kinder to the skin but shower gel all over is quick and easy. 
I got a lot of respect for you and this comment. Please consider making a GIF as a better, more reasonable alternative to OP’s. 
According to the [product page](https://www.apple.com/apple-pencil/) it has both, though they don’t specify the exact number of pressure sensitivity levels. I guess the catch is you need to buy a £600 tablet then pay an extra £100 for the pencil? I’m no artist but I own an iPad Pro and I’d like one myself, but all I’d do is doodle occasionally so the price is a little steep for me. From what I’ve heard it’s very good for its price range though.
Certainly not! Crispy bacon might as well be burned to me. I like me some nice thick back bacon fried, on a nice thick bread roll (a ciabatta or a crusty cob are my favourites) that’s also fried in the leftover oil. Unhealthy as hell but makes for the perfect bacon sandwich and it only takes 6-7 minutes. For some reason all you ever tend to see online and in American TV shows is streaky bacon frazzled to within an inch of its life.
Not sure about the Wacom but the second gen iPad Pros have 20ms input lag with the Pencil. Not sure how that compares but I knew the answer so I thought I’d chime in. 
Me and my cousin just swap £20 every birthday and Christmas. It started off as a result of us both doing it one Christmas when we didn’t know what to get each other, and then we carried it on as a joke, now it’s a tradition neither of us feel like we can break. 
Does anyone know if this set is any different to the Slave I that was available about 10 years ago? It looks identical from memory but I was a kid at the time and I know they sometimes make huge improvements to sets over time. 
Do you ever read The Macalope over at MacWorld? It’s a semi-satirical series dedicated to mocking the absolutely ridiculous non-articles people write about Apple to try to stir up controversy, some of the shit people publish is so inane. 
At the high end they’re pretty dominant but don’t forget that Samsung sells phones from £50 barely-usable pieces of shit all the way up to the Note 8. I can’t find it now but there was an infographic a few years back showing how Samsung had released hundreds of handsets, most of them god awful and targeting the low end market, in the same time Apple had released 6 or 7. 
It’s been happening to me since the betas, it’s infuriating. It happens both from the lock screen and from the notification itself. Weirdly I’ve found that typing slowly reduces the chances of it happening significantly, but that’s a shitty workaround. Makes me want to throw my phone across the room every time it happens, especially for apps like WhatsApp that don’t save what you type. It happens on my iPad too, but not nearly as often. 
Just adopt the British way of doing things. Industry is all metric, as are food and drinks. Except milk, which is still sold in pints for some reason (which are larger than US pints [568ml]). And alcohol, although while draught booze is sold in pints, spirit measures are in ml. Bottled and canned beer is a mixture, often 500ml but sometimes a full pint. Our fuel is sold in litres but our fuel economy is still measured in miles per gallon (which are larger than US gallons).
All our road distances and speed limits are also in miles/mph. 
And then for weight of people and literally nothing else we use stone and pounds, and height of people is still largely expressed in feet and inches. Although metric measurements for both of those are becoming more common. 

Simple, really. 
Yeah it’s fucked, much like with healthcare their worker’s rights are far behind the rest of the developed world. If you ever hear someone mention an “at-will employment” state, it’s one of several states where employees can be fired for no reason at all at any time, with no recourse for the employee. I believe the only exceptions are if it’s due to federally prohibited discrimination, like race etc.  
The US has zero mandatory paid holiday days, and a company offering 10-15 a year is often considered to be good. I’m not American myself, but from what I understand someone who’s been with a company for 10 years in the US will still often have less holiday entitlement than the statutory minimum in most European countries. 
And the best thing is, because it’s quite a small country, there’s a cheap coach that runs every few hours between Dublin and Galway. I think it takes about three hours each way. So if you’re visiting you can easily do both in the same trip. Both lovely places. 
Considering how I was as a kid, I’d be most excited to learn that I have enough disposable income to buy games and even new consoles pretty much whenever I want to, rather than having to constantly trade stuff in or beg and plead at Christmas or birthdays. Although I’d probably be surprised to learn that, even though I still play regularly, I almost never get excited about games anymore, and spend most of my gaming time playing stuff that is 5-25 years old. And even though it’s not gonna bankrupt me to buy systems at launch, I usually wait for a few prices drops and a decent library before I commit (Switch excepted, the Switch is dope). I’ve accidentally become an /r/PatientGamers sorta guy. 
And for anyone unfamiliar, it’s a mark of the [City of London](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/City_of_London), the separate corporation city in the centre of the city called London that dates back to the first century. It has its own flag, local government, police force, and approximately 75% of the votes in its elections come from companies. 
In the U.K., up until the early/mid 90s the girls could appear topless at 16. The Sunday Sport published a daily countdown to Linsey Dawn McKenzie’s 16th birthday, on which they published her topless shots. Seems kinda messed up now, but it was only 20 years ago. 
Jesus, that’s fucked. How did *anyone* think that was a good idea, let alone enough people for it to actually happen?
Man, I spent so much time with Yu-Gi-Oh Worldwide Edition when it came out. I might pick it up again. 
One of the banking apps I use (Lloyds) is updated fairly regularly yet still isn’t optimised for iPhone 6/6 Plus. No X support at this stage I can totally understand but not supporting screens that have been around since 2014 is pathetic. 
I’d extend that to all phones man, I was a phone salesman for two years and the vast majority of people don’t have either a clue or any real interest in what they’re buying. By the end, my sales process for 99% of people was to narrow the phones down to what they could afford/wanted to pay, then, unless something had a critical flaw, make a recommendation based on what phone they had before. Alternatively, if they hated their last phone, just show them a few handsets until they took a liking to one. 

In my early days I would list the cool features of individual phones but most people’s eyes just glaze over. The most common thing I used to hear (besides “no I don’t want insurance”) was “I like the Galaxy” or “I like the iPhone”. People rarely give a shit past that. Not that that’s really a problem, most people just aren’t that interested. 
I wish I’d have kept my HD2, just for fun. I sold it when people were just starting to hack Android onto it, but it wasn’t nearly stable enough to be usable day to day. The problem was it was an unusable piece of garbage on Windows Mobile 6.5. Like, not even because classic WinMo was a shitty OS meant for stylus driven devices, the phone just didn’t work right. Routine actions like trying to make or answer phone calls or checking your text messages would make it lock up completely for sometimes minutes at a time. Me and my friend both had them, I went through two and he went through three before we realised it was just a shitty phone and got rid of them. 
>	But they had to screw everything up by removing grouping and adding in that "missed" section.

I don’t disagree that iOS notifications are a hot mess, but the “missed” section has been gone for years. 
It didn’t used to be! That’s the worst thing, up to iOS 8 or 9 you could group notifications by app rather than by time and they fucking inexplicably removed the option. 
I think Android was one of several pushes, the others being consumer/developer demand due to the proposed solution of web apps being woefully inadequate at the time and everyone knowing it, and the jailbreak community which was quite successfully operating app repositories and many high quality apps without any input from Apple at all. I remember playing with Installer.app in the pre-App Store, pre-Cydia days and being amazed by games like Tap Tap. I also remember pirating the IPSW archive for iOS 2.0 because at the time Apple were charging iPod touch users £9.99 for major updates. Crazy. 
They also have glass backs
Phone is insured as a back up but mainly I’m very good at not dropping it. 
You need it to not be metal, and they sure as shit aren’t going to release a plastic phone at that price point. Why do you think the Samsung flagships also have glass backs? Personally I’d rather have a metal phone than wireless charging but apparently it’s a life changing feature than none of us can live without...
Because stupid tech outlets have spent the past three or so years criticising the iPhone for not having wireless charging as if it was some make or break feature and not way less useful than having a phone that is as much metal as possible. 
Very good! She has many of the same qualities presenting it as Stephen did.
They also do a Wild Herb and something with mango in it
Ah, that explains Sandi Toksvig. Wonderful lady. 
>	Their coffee is a complete disgrace

It doesn’t have to be, we have a lot of real nice ground coffees of various brands and origins. It’s just unfortunately the majority people buy a bucket of Nescafé instant granules and call it a day. I started taking my own cafetière and ground coffee into work because the coffee was awful and also because I’m a twat. 
I think everyone has their own preference really, there’s no real dominant brand. PG Tips and Twinings are both good and well-liked here IMO. Tetley and Yorkshire Tea are both strong contenders too. Tea’s tea at the end of the day, apart from Earl Grey which tastes like soap.  
When you buy a box of tea bags here, it usually comes with about 240-360 tea bags. Offices will usually buy a bag of 1200 or 1600 for the kitchen. Definitely not a stereotype.
Fair enough. Believe it or not our love of tea actually causes huge strain on our grid. Every night when popular TV programmes cut to ads, power draw spikes like crazy because everyone puts the kettle on (usually 1-2kW per kettle) at the same time.
It’s always seemed to me that the Beeb is accused of being left-biased and right-biased in about equal measure. But that ignores the other issue which is that a lot of their reporting has turned to total shite over the last few years. There’s a worrying amount of clickbait headlines and instances where the headline strongly misrepresents the contents of the actual article. 
It would be hysterically funny if it wasn’t so incredibly widely read. The idea that a huge number of people *believe* the shit they publish is horrifying. 
Just watch the clips of your favourite political party angrily demanding an answer to their question and turn it off before the inevitable weaselly non-answer response. I suspect this applies regardless of who’s in power. 
I believe it’s illegal to shut off water here, as for electricity and gas I’m honestly not sure. Some people use pre-pay meters, and if your balance runs out your electricity goes off, so presumably there’s also nothing stopping the electricity provider shutting off the supply when people fail to pay monthly bills.  
  
Although while I’m here, is it true that the majority of America doesn’t have variable rates (as in cheaper electricity and gas at night and more expensive in peak hours)? There was an episode of 99% Invisible a few months back that was acting like it was some radical new idea, but that’s how it’s worked here for years. Encourages less use when the grid is under high load. 
I think these are great and I honestly think Apple should run a bunch of these with various well-loved songs as actual TV ads. With the white background and heavy focus on music they’re already very similar to Apple’s style of advertising, they’re just missing an “iPhone X” and Apple logo flashing up synced with the final two beats of the song. The Bohemian Rhapsody one floating around Twitter is particularly good. 
I dig this kinda shit man, that’s far more than I knew as my Dreamcast knowledge is essentially non-existent. I can’t help but wonder if disc capacity would have stood against the Dreamcast also, as it had a detrimental effect on the GameCube too. It’s hard to offer the huge open world experiences that became so popular in that generation when two platforms have 8.9GB DL-DVDs and the other two only have 1.8GB miniature discs or 1GB GD-ROMs. 
John Oliver was really funny on The Bugle back in the day. Then he got his own show and now he just shouts things to the point of cringeworthiness. It’s a shame too, The Bugle went on hiatus because of the show, and on the few episodes they did do he was just like that. The Bugle a much better, funnier show now it’s back with Andy Zaltzmann and various guest comedians. 
Looking good! How much did it cost you?
People forget that, while more powerful than the Dreamcast, the PS2 was the second least powerful sixth generation console by a good way. Even the GameCube outclassed it significantly, you just didn’t see the full effect as the PS2’s popularity meant it was usually every developer’s primary target. But that’s why so many PS2 games just look muddy and dull. 
Nilay’s full review (which OP’s video was taken from) was actually very positive. To a degree that surprised me, actually, considering The Verge’s full swing from “iVerge” to “criticise Apple for the sake of it” in the last few years (my go-to example is when they picked at the 2016 MacBook Pros for not including CPUs which had not yet been released). 

But The Verge in general is a really mixed bag for me. I have a lot of respect for Nilay, Dieter, and Lauren, and I enjoy their work. But then you’ve got people like Vlad that just come across as incredibly salty in everything they write. Then there’s just the straight up clickbait, like their recent article about third party developers having access to facial data on the iPhone X. It’s written as if they will be able to access Face ID data and other secure data, when the truth of it is that it’s just rudimentary data about facial expressions etc from the sensors. 
Well to be fair Apple is telling press exactly what /u/dccorona is saying. They’re saying they designed the panel and contracted it out to Samsung Display to build it. 
Every time this comes up I can’t help but wonder if Safari on these older devices would perform much better if every website these days didn’t also come with megabytes of JavaScript tracking libraries.
So are urinals and your mother’s car...
There’s a bit of a difference there though isn’t there? How about someone taking a shit in the wrong bathroom with the stall door open? Definitely not something that should be encouraged (and I was never suggesting that), but also not worthy of a permanent and potentially life-ruining criminal offence, in my opinion. 
I mean it’s not exactly the worst thing is it? There’s no sexual context. Inappropriate sure, but everyone urinates. Seeing that wouldn’t hurt anyone or cause emotional distress (at least it shouldn’t). 
I wrote a series of adventure stories for my grandad’s church magazine when I was a kid, where the main characters were the cat and the dog Office assistants. They were called Links and Rocky if I recall. 
This mindset is literally exactly why we have these problems. Too many people in charge relying on one incredibly narrow viewpoint to immediately write off a huge group of people.
The Tories just seem to somehow get worse. I didn’t much like Cameron and Osbourne was always a slimy git but both seemed to pale in nastiness compared to May as Home Secretary. Now she’s in charge and we’ve got Amber fucking Rudd.  
It actually seems to work a little better than before with the new animation too. I found on iOS 10 it sometimes had trouble keeping up with my thumb. 
Are they people in your favourites list or are they calling a second time immediately after? Both have settings that allow such calls through, I believe enabled by default. You can customise it in Settings -> Do Not Disturb
SCPH-9000x, it was a very late produced model that wasn’t around for long. It has a slightly different case design to earlier slims and an internal PSU. 
I didn’t notice that myself but that’s awesome!
The old YouTube app was great but I always hated that icon. Really out of place even among the skeumorphism. 
I was thinking exactly that. Same with “world time”, like it’s the sort of thing you’d maybe expect to see on a sticker when you first take it out of the box, but not as a permanent fixture of the watch. 
Not sure if you’re joking so “whoosh” to me if you are, but I don’t think you can consider natural decay that affects literally all lithium-ion cells some sort of devious scheme. 
No, and anyone who suggests otherwise knows nothing about software development. They have a hard enough time getting releases out the door on time as it is (see iOS 11 which in its current form is buggy as hell and needed another month or two in the oven), so to imply that they would spend time and money deliberately making old devices slower is ridiculous. Especially when you consider that they still sell the “old” devices for up to two years after they are replaced by something newer! 

The reality of the situation is that for a few years, mobile chipsets were roughly doubling in performance every year, and even though that’s stopped now the year on year performance gains are significantly higher than what you see in desktop chips. Developers are obviously targeting the newest hardware with every release, which reflects in worse performance on two or three year old devices. 
Even that is beginning to end though, stick a new battery in a 5s (four years old but still fully software supported) and it’s an absolutely fine device for a basic user. 
You’re an EU member state, so you have net neutrality via the EU even if there’s no specific Romanian law. 
We’re starting to get similar things in the U.K., provider Three do a ‘Go Binge’ plan similar to America’s T-Mobile, where certain blessed content providers don’t count against your data cap, and EE offers six months free Apple Music that also doesn’t count against your caps.

They have to get each instance approved by the EU to make sure it gels with Net Neutrality laws (well, for now 🙁), but to me it stinks of exploiting a loophole. I’m not sure of the specifics of it, but the ‘unlimited’ access only counts when you have some ‘normal’ data left. So you couldn’t, for example, blow through your entire data cap then continue watching Netflix. I think the argument is that, while it’s still providing some advantage to certain companies, it’s not actively penalising any others. I still don’t like it though, even if it doesn’t violate the law it certainly violates the spirit. 
Roscoe is such a fantastic name for a dog. And I’m sorry you lost Tucker. Give Roscoe some extra scritches from me. 
And while we’re at it, a “Do Not Disturb While Watching Fullscreen Video” option would be great, especially on iPad. 
I wish there was a compromise where if you got past 11pm and still had an hour or two of Stand to fill, then you could jog on the spot or something to make up for it. 
The unfortunate cost of how fast mobile SoCs have developed in the last few years. The first gen mini and the iPad 2 have the same specs, but even the cheap and cheerful 2017 iPad is about 7.5x faster in single and multi core performance. When people are writing software with the general expectation of that sort of performance, or within one or two generations of it, the old stuff gets left behind quicker than something like a PC would, where the year-on-year performance increase of even the best CPUs is usually single digit or low double digit percentages. 

Fortunately, as the curve flattens out stuff is already lasting longer. For example, an iPhone 5s running iOS 11 (most likely its last supported version) is far quicker and more usable than an iPhone 4s running iOS 9. 
Nine weeks old and already got the trademark golden eyebrows down!
Vinny Caravella from Giant Bomb [ate one of these on Periscope today](https://www.pscp.tv/w/bL-bGzF3QktBcVZ5WldLUHF8MW1uR2VycXBBcHFKWC3zxCTr0p6wnaTvwe-uX-xevgD1cXT0yzVHVx1LT7T8) and completely bossed it. His reaction was “wouldn’t want to eat a bag of them”. 
Something cool I’ve noticed is that if you screenshot on iPad when you have a slide over window visible, and you crop it, the crop tool will snap to the edges of the slide over window. 
“This OS sucks. It just adds loads of features people want.”
I failed a programming assignment involving recreating Twitter in a very basic fashion. It wasn’t anything overly complicated: they provided the scaffolding and a basic web UI, all we had to do was supply a couple of Java classes to set up data structures and populate them with the data, along with a few other tasks (it was about 6 years ago, my memory is hazy). The main goal was to show we understood various data structures (we had to implement them ourselves rather than using the built in Java classes) and could justify which should be used and in what situation. Nothing very complex. 

I did a pretty good job of it, all their requirement criteria were met, and it was fast and efficient. The assignment was graded with an automated test suite; we were made aware of this beforehand but had no access to it and therefore no ability to test against it. Instead we just had written criteria in the form of “when loading page x, data y should be displayed ordered by z” etc. Afterwards, someone would read our code and grade our choices and implementation of the data structures.

For some reason something in my code caused an infinite loop and crashed, but only in the test suite. I accept that this almost certainly means I had a logic flaw somewhere and I should have been penalised for it, but I got hard failed with the explanation “solution crashes and does not run at all”. I tried to make the argument that if they’d spend a couple of minutes running it in *the only environment we had access to* they’d see that it did actually work well, but they wouldn’t budge.
The main issue is that, at least in STEM fields, most lecturers are first and foremost researchers. Teaching is just what brings the money in so research can continue. So there’s no guarantee or even expectation that they will be any good at it. 

I had this issue in university and was mostly just told, “well university isn’t school, you’re expected to do it yourself now”. Well fair enough, I have no issue with doing work, but does that mean I’m paying thousands per year for access to the library?

It’s also very inconsistent, some of my lecturers were the best teachers I’ve ever had. Others just regurgitated their subject for what was obviously the thousandth time at a speed slightly too fast to ever fully take in.
It is actually haha. Not sure of the specifics but it’s something to do with the manufacturing process. 
Just out of curiosity, how long are your polling stations open? In the U.K. our elections are on weekdays too, but our polling stations are open from either 6 or 7am to 10pm, to give a large amount of people the chance to vote regardless of when they work (and then we also have postal voting and proxy voting for those who would rather, or can’t vote in person).
And to be honest they’re not amazing. They’re definitely good enough for the size and the UI the Watch uses, but load up a solid grey image in a lower light environment and you’ll see the exact same problem the Pixel 2 XL has. 
Yeah, it uses their ‘POLED’ panels. The whole phone is manufactured by them, unlike the smaller Pixel 2 which is manufactured by HTC and uses a Samsung display. 
Actually the Watch has a lot of the same problems. Load up a solid grey image with the brightness down and you’ll see it’s very much not a consistent colour, instead it’s all streaky with lots of mura. Most people just don’t notice because it’s a 2” screen with an almost all black UI. 
Hey thank you! That’s very kind :) I’m in good hands, modern medicine really is a marvel!
I’d just settled on Narwhal as it’s one of the few reddit clients with an iPad app that both exists and isn’t terrible (looking at you official Reddit app for iPad ಠ_ಠ). You may have just convinced me to buy yet another reddit client. 
I think default apps are the last major hold-out on iOS (i don’t think stuff like deep customisation will ever happen, it’s just not in Apple’s DNA). When they allowed you to delete system apps with iOS 10 I honestly thought user-defined defaults were right around the corner, but alas, it was not to be. The stupid thing is it would be so easy to implement in an elegant way. Allow apps to register themselves as a provider of a service (web browser, mail client, etc) just like they can already register themselves for URI schemes, then add a tiny panel in Settings to choose which app should be the default for that service. 90% of people remain unaware of its existence but power users are happy. 
  
I say this as someone who is actually happy to use Safari and Mail.app, if you’d have told me three years ago that in 2017 iOS would have third party keyboard support but still didn’t let you change the default browser I’d have told you to get right out of town. 
Definitely, and it can be frustrating both ways too. Google’s services are unquestionably better than Apple’s in many categories, but as an iOS user it’s frustrating when they seem more interested in porting the entire Material Design stack than providing a good experience. Doubly so when they either drag their feet or outright ignore system functionality like drag and drop or picture-in-picture. Best way I can describe it is that using Google apps on iOS is kinda like using iTunes on Windows. Sure, it works but...ehh. 
I could be wrong but I’m pretty sure that’s just bare concrete. 
> Hell, even Apple uses LG for their iWatches. 
  

And the Apple Watch display has much of the same problems actually. No-one really talks about it because: it’s much less pronounced, for a start; the screen is < 2”, so it’s much harder to notice; the device is much cheaper in the SKUs people actually buy; and the UI hides it by being almost entirely black. But out of curiosity I was checking the other night and sure enough, loading up a solid grey image on my Apple Watch had mura and streakiness. It reminded me a lot of the OLED panel in the 1st gen PS Vita actually.

Samsung really are the only company to have properly mastered OLED. 
Definitely, I’ve been an iOS user for years and while it ticks all the boxes for me, it would not be a good fit for a lot of this subreddit. 
Both original Pixels and the smaller Pixel 2 use Samsung panels though right? I’m guessing LG either didn’t want to manufacture a phone that used their competitors screens, or they succeeded in dramatically overselling their own panels’ capabilities to Google (or both). There definitely is an OLED shortage, but Pixels are not exactly high volume compared to Samsung flagships or iPhones. 
Things are looking good, they’re treating it with the aim of full remission and so far I seem to be reacting well to the treatment. I had a big tumour on my neck that disappeared almost overnight after the first cycle. 
You can usually tell when an app is a wrapper around a web view for the same reason native apps tend to be better. Just general responsiveness and “feel”. Which I totally appreciate is a very wishy-washy reason to give, but considering web apps are by nature platform agnostic, they’re never going to feel or behave quite like a native app. Java apps have the same problem, although these days web apps are far less janky that your average Java GUI.  
  
Plus, while you can create some pretty spectacular stuff with a modern web stack, it’s still no match for full, essentially unrestricted hardware access. CSS transitions are great, but sometimes you just need to draw directly into graphics buffers. Although stuff like WebGL is closing the gap. 
It’s too busy being murdered with chemo to answer. Which is what it deserves to be honest, it tried to kill me. 
Ondansetron is awesome, at least in my experience. Domperidone is also pretty great but mostly just because it sounds like a type of champagne. 
I would definitely have appreciated it. I had a couple of biopsies under general a couple of months ago, and while I followed the nurses instructions because they know better than me, I feel like “don’t eat because you might die” would be a much more effective message than “don’t eat”. 
I would be willing to bet the sole reason is that universal healthcare means we don’t associate medicine or healthcare with profit. Not that it’s any less insane, but I can sort of understand the mindset if a short stay in the hospital and a couple of prescriptions lands you with a four-figure bill. 
You actually probably have a higher than 1 in 100,000 chance of getting lymphoma anyway. Most common cancer in young people. Source: I don’t have a source but I do have lymphoma if that counts. 
Eh, DeviceMotion events (i.e. gyroscope support) is only a working draft, and support is very wonky right now. Without that it loses its cool faux 3D effect. 
I’m glad that changed. Even with the vastly improved web technologies of today I’d rather use a native app than a web app 99% of the time. 
Yeah, it’s a shame because the technical foundation for Linux is stellar. But yeah, advantage of working for a tiny company! There’s only about 6 of us in the development department (everyone else is on Windows still), and shortly before I started one of the senior guys pitched Linux to management (better for our development workflow as our dev environment would become very similar to our production environment, and obviously zero cost going forward) and they went for it.
> It's no harder to get around than Windows  
  
Until something breaks, and then the average person is fucked. Don’t get me wrong, I dig Linux, especially it’s utility as a sever platform and for software development, and our machines at work all run Ubuntu so I use it daily. But there is so much stuff that the average computer user would get stuck on, ranging from “this Word document doesn’t work right in OpenOffice/the changes I made don’t look the same when my colleague opens it in Word” to “an update broke something and the people at the PC World helpdesk have no idea how to use Linux”. 
I feel like if you just kept rolling slowly towards it it would get the message and move the fuck out of the way. Even if the train ends up physically pushing it a few paces. Alternatively just run the thing over, no-one would notice. 
> Also, add yourself/partner/grandparents as second drivers, even if they'll never drive it - their lower risk profile will reduce the premium.  
  
Adding me as a registered driver knocked £200 off my girlfriend’s insurance, even though at the time I hadn’t been behind the wheel of a car since I’d passed my test five years prior.
Peugeot 107/Citröen C1/Toyota Aygo. They’re all the same car, take your pick. 
It’s good enough on iPhone but complete phoned in trash on iPad. The regular desktop website is more pleasant to use than the iPad app. 
It also makes it incredibly easy to accidentally go back when swiping down. It drives me up the wall on Instagram and I wish developers would stop doing it (or provide an option, like Apollo). 
My mother tells me stories forgetting I was there, then when I tell her I was there she carries on telling me the story anyway!? Fucking baffling. 
If you wanna get technical, the latest macOS version is 10.13, so we’re still on ten. Personally I think they missed a trick, with the launch of iOS 11 it would have been the perfect time to bump it up and keep them in lockstep. 
It’s odd that they didn’t go with the ‘ecks’ pronunciation as next year they could have very easily sidestepped into “the 2018 iPhone, iPhone Plus, and iPhone X”. Whereas “2018 iPhone ten” just doesn’t sound right. Pro would seem like a misnomer as no-one really does work on a phone unlike tablets, laptops, or desktops, nor are they designed for it. Similarly they seem to be trying to distance themselves from the “Edition” name; it’s still used for the ceramic Apple Watches but it’s not particularly advertised (in fact I’m not sure it was used at all in the last event, I think they just referred to it as ceramic casing).   
  
Of course, the funniest thing they could do would be to follow macOS conventions and announce the iPhone 10.1 Panther next September. 
You’re lucky, my library seems intent on slowly dismantling itself. The only thing that happens more than this is that random single tracks are removed from their original albums and replaced with versions from compilation albums or greatest hits, which is even more annoying as it’s much harder to notice. In fact the only time I usually do is if I’m scrolling through album view and notice some art I’ve never seen before.  
  
I just wish there was an option I could check that said “never ever remove or replace a track, even if it becomes unavailable to stream”. 
Yeah, not only is Narwhal one of the few (if only) reddit apps with a competent iPad app, from what I remember it works very similarly to how Alien Blue on the iPad used to work. I’ve tried a whole lot of reddit clients and Narwhal is the only one that ticks all my boxes. 
I’ve been an Apple Music subscriber since the start and this has been probably the second most common issue. It happens to me a shitload, very annoying as there seems to be no real cause. Delete the files and redownload, should be fine if it plays on your Mac. I’d say I have to remove and re-add an album to my library at least once a month because it’s decided that it’s ‘not available’. 
Since having a full time job I’ve found myself really enjoying short-form games. Stuff like Firewatch, Inside, or Gone Home that me and my girlfriend can sit down and complete together in a single sitting. We don’t have to worry about putting regular time aside, it’s just a really enjoyable, complete experience. Playing those three is some of the most satisfying gaming I’ve had in years, even though we both regularly play games individually. 
America. Very little I read about shit like this surprises me anymore. 
How large is your local library? I jumped from Spotify to AM as soon as I could because I much prefer my local library and my streaming library to be in the same place. It always annoyed me when I wanted to listen to a song and had to remember whether it was in Music or Spotify. 
> Closed environment.  
  
WebKit is totally open source. Stop repeating things in italics as if it makes them true. 
> Safari is wildly behind. They don't even release for Windows anymore.  
  
Microsoft doesn’t release Edge for macOS. How is it relevant?
I see this becoming more of an issue too as the performance increases of the phones continues to outpace the demands of the operating system. A 3GS on iOS 6 or a 4 on iOS 7 was damn near unusable, but if you’re a light user, a 5S on iOS 11 is still a perfectly adequate device, especially if you get a new battery fitted. This is largely thought to be the reason behind stagnating iPad sales; for the majority of users a several year old device is just fine, so there’s no need to upgrade. 
false positive
Pretty much the only thing I do in landscape on my phone is watch video. Considering I don’t use the zoomed in mode because I’m not a monster, I won’t even see the notch while I’m watching. 
You are correct. But no, no more pixels, they just default to using the same scaling mode that you and I do, rather than the ‘native’ 2x 1280x800. I was saying that they should increase the number of pixels though, in my opinion the 13” should be 2880x1800 and the 15” should be 3360x2100, for 2x 1440x900 and 2x 1680x1050, respectively. 
Plus, while contracts are still pricey in the UK, they’re absolutely nowhere near US prices, especially if you get them from somewhere like Carphone or the online third parties.
I also use scaled 1440x900 on my 2015 13” Pro. I can certainly appreciate the extra sharpness at the native res, but it’s not enough screen space, especially for stuff like Xcode. Apparently Apple agrees, as the scaled mode is the new default on 2016 and 2017 MacBook Pros. I wish they’d just bump the screen resolution and go back to native, as while the scaled modes are certainly passable, they lack a certain “wow” factor. I’ve also tried the scaled 1680x1050 which is fantastic for space but you lose a lot more sharpness. 
> Surely there’s more options than what’s on the App Store.


The Mac App Store never took off in the way that the iOS App Store did, so don’t be surprised if you end up getting most of your software directly from developers’ websites, and only using the App Store for system updates.  
  
As for recommended apps, for a photo editor I’d suggest Pixelmator; it’s not free but it’s not mega expensive and is very very good. For backups I’d advise you set up Time Machine immediately (it’s the built in backup solution), and if you’re interested in offsite backups then Backblaze is excellent. $5 per month per computer for totally unlimited storage, all managed from a little System Preferences pane that never gets in the way and just does it’s thing quietly in the background. Good for peace of mind that even if your house burns down you’re fully backed up.   
  
I’d advise against an anti-virus app as you really don’t need it, and all it will do is slow your system down. If you’re still worried, download a passive scanner like Malwarebytes and run it once a month or so. Then you can be sure you’re not infected without something constantly running in the background. 
Motion sickness is interesting and I think it’s something very few UI designers test for, especially as it can manifest itself in unexpected ways. For example, the 120Hz screens on the new iPads make my girlfriend feel motion sick, and even just scrolling around makes her feel dizzy and uncomfortable. 
Ember has done very good work with her smile. Give her pats from me. 
Currently watching your special. It’s dope. Keep it high and tight jeans. 
That mouse is terrible because it’s an ergonomic nightmare. The charging thing is a total non-issue, 15 minutes of charging is good for something like two weeks of use. Just plug the thing in while you go for a shit or something.
> The original PS3s had some performance issues directly related to the presence of both a PS3 Cell processor and a PS2 EmotionEngine processor.  Removing the EE chip from subsequent PS3s destroyed the PS2 compatibility, but it improved PS3 games' performance drastically.  
  

Literally nothing about this is true. They dropped the PS2 CPU for the first 80GB revisions, then all PS2 hardware entirely for subsequent revisions, purely to get the cost down, because they were selling at a huge loss. 
  
Early PS3 game performance was garbage because the architecture was a nightmare and Sony did a terrible job at supporting developers. Close to launch there were swaths of documentation that were only available in Japanese, for example. Several years ago there was an episode of the Giant Bombcast where Jeff Gerstmann reminisces about talking to developers around launch time, and how much of a crazy mess it was.  
  
Totally separate issues. 
> I know this is just Apple being business savvy  
  
It is, but not in the way that you think. By the time they discontinued the Classic, stand-alone music player sales were in the gutter because the majority of people had moved onto using their phones to avoid carrying two devices. The cheaper models continued to sell for a little while by virtue of being cheap and being good for the gym or making good stocking fillers, but even that has dropped off now, especially since smart watches and fitness trackers have gained popularity. Then earlier this year they discontinued every iPod except the touch, which I would guess a large portion of the sales are for kids who want an iPhone but aren’t old enough. The whole idea of an iPod has just become a niche product unfortunately. 
> Real kicker is that the emulation functionality is still there for PSN store PS2 classics. They just disabled it to so you'd buy the old games again on their store.  
  
Common misconception, the ‘software’ emulation PS3s still have the PS2 GPU, and emulate the CPU in software. Subsequent models dropped PS2 hardware entirely, taking backwards compatibility with it. The PS2 classics available on the store are each bundled with an emulator specifically tuned to that game. It’s not a general purpose solution like proper backwards compatibility. If you were to buy and play a PS2 classics game on an old PS3, it doesn’t use any of the PS2 hardware. 
It’s PCI-E over a cable, what’s not to love?
It’s only that way *because* people have had code paths based on user agent strings for many years. It’s a terrible idea and has been for a long time precisely because of how unreliable it is. Testing feature presence should be sufficient for anything not related to layout. “Should” being the key word. It unfortunately doesn’t help when a browser vendor fucks up an implementation. 
I think the consensus is simply that we shouldn’t need browser detection, because we should be testing for individual feature support to maximise compatibility. In an ideal world at least, we shouldn’t need to know if we’re running on browser X or Y, just whether window.Feature is defined and available to use. 
It wouldn’t surprise me if the original spec for this project said “we will support Chrome, Firefox, and Safari”, and then somewhere down the line some middle manager took this to mean “we must inform everyone else of this via an obnoxious pop up, lest our customers think our software is poor”, and insisted the developers make it so. Then, because reliable browser detection is a fucking nightmare, stuff like this happens. 
Only one thing makes me mad watching that. Me and my housemates spent so much time playing Double Dash in university that if you combined the time you could probably earn another degree with it. I hate what they’ve done with red shells in Mario Kart 8. They stop you from moving for just a few milliseconds longer but it feels so torturously slow every time you get hit by one when you’re so used to something different. Also, Double Dash’s drifting system is The One True Drift™ and everything else is worse, just putting that out there. 
Question from an ignorant iPhone user whose girlfriend uses an OG Pixel: will either this or a separate update via the Play Store bring the new launcher changes from the Pixel 2, or will they remain unique to the new phones?
Yeah, they should have left it in the oven a few more weeks and launched it alongside the iPhone X imo. The 8/Plus could have easily launched with iOS 10 with the new camera stuff backported in. 
Benadryl comas are fantastic though. Just yesterday I had a very slight reaction to a platelet transfusion so they gave me some IV antihistamines. Heaviest, nicest feeling sleep I’ve had in weeks. 
You should definitely update, but wait a week or two for 11.1, because 11.0.* has some very rough edges. 
> Course on an SE it’s  not an issue, since it’s encryption is weaker.  
  
Source? The SE is essentially hardware equivalent to the 6S. 
Wow, that is some bad luck. I can see why you would be concerned then. And for what it’s worth I didn’t downvote you, not sure why others have. 
All lithium ion batteries are susceptible to this. The chances of it happening to you twice is very slim, so I wouldn’t worry. 
Nah, I had (and still have) a girlfriend. Plus I doubt she was interested, I think she just wanted a working printing. 
> We dont have many worker rights  

Do you have *any*? When I first heard of at-will employment states I was horrified. It’s like something pre-Industrial Revolution. 
I was saved in someone’s phone as ‘$myName $buildingName Printer’ for several years as one night in fresher’s week she found out I did computer science and thought I could maybe fix her printer. I don’t think I ever took her number, I have no idea how or why I ended up talking to her in the first place, and never did look at her printer. I also don’t either never learned or can’t remember her name. I only knew I was still saved as that cause any time we would pass each other on campus that was how she’d greet me. 
Midsomer Murders is the worst for this, why would any new people move there!? It’s a small group of villages and someone gets bumped off every week!
Are you using the built in scaling modes or one of those apps that lets you run it in ‘native’ resolution, as in the full 2560x1600 at 1x scaling?
Something is broken with PDFs in iOS 11. I have a 20MB (i.e. a reasonably sized file for a device with 4GB RAM) PDF in Files on my iPad Pro and if I tap the screen to bring up the page thumbnails while just viewing it, it does the same thing. Repeatedly resets to the first page. The person you spoke to is pulling stuff out of their ass. 
> They will croak if they do not like being handled.   
  
Like...make a noise, or die?
In my experience they might eventually come through or they might not. In the next couple of months proper iMessage sync is launching so at least it will work properly from then onwards. 
> Is this what the button on the back or the charging port is for? Quick linking to other paired Apple products?  
  
Nah, the button is for pairing with non-Apple stuff, the standard Bluetooth way. Well, it’s also for repairing with Apple stuff if something has gone wrong. But switching between devices is all done in software. 
Pro-tip: as long as you’re aware you’ll need to charge it every day or two, you can ditch the battery complication and add something useful as, at least with Series 1-3, it’s gonna be lasting you all day no problem. Plus you can always check battery life quickly by swiping up on the watch face. 
Sucks that they don’t to ‘Other Outdoor’ and ‘Other Indoor’. But I’d say Outdoor Walk would be best for a hike anyway. 
The most recent non-retina 21.5” iMac should manage, but not at particularly high resolutions, graphics settings, or frame rates. Minimum specs for it list a quad core CPU and a dedicated GPU, neither of which that iMac has, but the parts it suggests are ancient, so the integrated stuff in the iMac *should* be okay.  
  
If you mean the 4K iMac, no way in hell are you gonna be running it at 4K, but you should be able to get a good experience at 1080p and mid-high settings. It has a decent GPU and a really quite good CPU. 
Although from my previous experience in phone sales, high value phones are usually kept in a locked safe in a back room, which itself is passcode locked. YMMV though. 
He also played Gordon Crisp in the much loved Freaks and Geeks when he was younger. 
Yeah, they should. It’s really lame to gimp system functionality like that. I can understand not wanting background play because people can just use it for music without seeing ads, but if it’s PiP you’re still seeing everything they show. 
I hate any potatoes with skin. No roasts, chips/fries, jackets, potato waffles, croquettes. I don’t mind boiled or mash but they’re not exactly high on my favourite foods list. 
One solution is to use YouTube in Safari, and save the following JavaScript snippet as a bookmark:

`javascript:document.querySelector(%22video%22).webkitSetPresentationMode(%22picture-in-picture%22);`  
  
Note that this works for any video, not just YouTube. Just ‘open’ the bookmark and the video playing in the current tab will pop into PiP. The downside is that mobile YouTube’s quality sucks ass, but with PiP being less than a quarter of the total screen size, it should be less noticeable. 
On iOS you’re not allowed to put system functionality behind a paywall. So if they enabled it for Red users, they’d have to enable it for everyone. 
Actually I’m pretty sure it doesn’t. The last time this came up it was pointed out that Apple doesn’t allow system functionality to be put behind a paywall, so on iOS not even Red supports it. 
Fair enough, although there are a lot of trade offs with Android, particularly on the software side. For example, my girlfriend uses a Pixel 1 and even though it’s an unlocked model she didn’t get the Oreo upgrade for about a month after it was released. 
High Sierra’s bugginess seems super dependent on hardware, for example older iMacs with Nvidia graphics seem to be having an absolute awful time. But I’ve got a 13” MacBook Pro with an Intel CPU/integrated GPU (i.e. about as simple as Mac hardware gets) and I’ve had no real issues. I made some changes to my login items and when I rebooted they all disappeared, but since then it’s been totally fine, and the rewritten windowserver is buttery smooth. It’s the first time since owning a Mac that I’ve been able to trigger Mission Control/Exposé without dropping frames. 
I usually install at either the very late betas or the Gold Master and in previous years I’ve had no major issues. This year I really do wish I’d waited til 11.1. 
It’s a great update feature wise, and no-one will ague that, it’s just not ready yet. On my 7 Plus and iPad Pro it drops frames left and right, hangs for sometimes seconds at a time, and is full of glitches little and large. For example, Handoff is *completely* busted for me. It shows up in the task switcher but attempting to use it opens the app in a blank state rather than continuing the task. If the app is Safari, the entire thing hangs for 10-15 seconds. As part of this, universal clipboard has completely stopped working too. 
I’m normally an “it’s always better to upgrade than not” kinda guy with a few exceptions, and this is one of them. iOS 11 needed more time in the oven, and should have been released alongside the iPhone X. I know that would’ve been a little weird for the iPhone 8, but hey, the new iPad Pros were build with iOS 11 in mind and they came out months ago. 
If you’re on iOS, it should be sufficient to say yes, enable them, then go into Settings and disable them for Reddit at the system level. Off the top of my head this should stop it ever asking you again. 
To be fair they don’t have a choice on iOS lol. It’s WebKit or nothing. 
This is my primary concern. I’m fine if I try but fail, it doesn’t leave me any worse off than I am now. But I am concerned about grazing something I shouldn’t and getting a nasty shock. 
Ahh nuts. Jokes on me for hoping it would be an easy fix I guess. Thanks for the insight, I need to decide what I’m gonna do with it now. 
I liked it but it went too far, and became inconsistent. The old Podcasts.app that was a facsimile of a reel-to-reel tape machine for example. Or how the grey linen texture was supposed to represent an ‘underneath’ layer of the OS, but then they applied to the same texture to the notification shade which pulled down on an above layer, not only looking wrong but breaking spatial consistency.  
  
That said, the current flat design is having some of the same troubles. Why, for example, are the shuffle and repeat controls not visible at all times in the Music.app now playing screen? It’s not like they’re power user tools; they’re the second most important controls after play/pause/skip and volume. Certainly more important than ‘add to library’ as I would wager a large majority of listening is done to tracks already in the user’s library. Not only that, there is absolutely zero visual indication that that interface is scrollable. Apple’s justification for removing always-present scrollbars on macOS was that you can see content trailing off out of view, and therefore it’s obvious. Yet in this screen they deliberately line the controls up such that you can’t tell at all.  
  
Sorry, Music.app really pisses me off. It’s a major example of serious UI regression. 


Ladders would be hella risky
Well, those are certainly some depressing figures. I don’t really care if someone’s right or left wing, but The Sun and The Mail are objectively horrible institutions, proven time and time again to distort and misconstrue stories to provoke hatred and outrage amongst their readers. 
Thanks! Much appreciated 
I know you’re getting downvotes but as someone currently going through chemotherapy, not having to shave is one of the very very few perks it has. 
Fuckin’ A. I’m young (24) and it’s highly curable (lymphoma) but it’s still a fucking ballache. Even aside from the physical toll chemotherapy takes on your body, and the existential worries and mental toll that comes from being forced to look your own mortality in the face, it’s a huge inconvenience. I’m a web developer (thankfully not independent), so theoretically I can work from home, but between requiring treatment as an inpatient, and the fatigue, I haven’t managed to do any work in months. You have to put your whole life on hold; cancel holidays, miss shows. I get home after a treatment and just going up stairs makes me pause for breath. And this is for an “easy” cancer, my heart really goes out the people battling with the innumerable tougher motherfuckers. And I have all the time in the world for the doctors and nurses who, despite working insane shifts and dealing with all sorts of difficult patients, still find time to have a laugh and a joke and make sure I’m comfortable.  
  
Oh and lumbar punctures, yeah they’re helping prevent me getting brain cancer but fuck me they’re incredibly unpleasant and they don’t get any easier. 
Polymerisation was actually quite a valuable card at one point. Probably not iPhone valuable though.
Chasing a high end “authentic” retro gaming experience. Most consoles can be had for quite cheap if you’re not after special editions, so that’s not an issue. Some cartridge-era games are quite pricey but again most of them are reasonably priced. But then if you want video output that isn’t total garbage on a modern TV you want either a good scaler or a CRT. It’s widely considered that the best scaler for 240p video is the XRGB mini/Framemeister, which runs about £250 currently (and apparently there’s only ~two years worth of stock left of the current unit as the scaler chip it uses is no longer in production). If you go the CRT route, you soon fall down the PVM/BVM rabbit hole, i.e. old Sony professional video monitors used for TV production and medical imaging. A few years ago you could pick them up relatively easy as places ungraded their equipment and got rid of them; unfortunately they’re harder to come by now, and many sellers know of their desirability for gaming and so inflate their prices.   
But then you get your display setup sorted and find out that composite video just won’t cut it. Your want component, or even better RGB, which usually involves buying SCART cables for all your consoles (much easier in Europe than the US I admit). If you’ve gone the PVM route, they typically only take video over BNC connections, so then you’ve gotta buy a converter for your SCART cable. But be careful to get one that does video sync in a way your display and console supports, be that sync on luma, sync on green, composite sync or sync on composite (not the same thing!).  
But wait, there’s more! Some consoles can’t output RGB by themselves. The SNES can, hit the N64 can’t. The GameCube can, but only in PAL regions. So then you start looking at hardware mods, some of which themselves can be very expensive and hard to find. 
  
It spirals out of control quickly, but it’s worth it. 
Because wireless charging can’t work through metal. That’s what I’m saying, Apple switched back to glass to support Qi, and I’d rather they hadn’t. 
I certainly agree on the slippiness side of things; the 6 and 6s were like trying to hold bars of soap. I feel like the jet black 7 was the ultimate compromise though—it’s aluminium but it feels like glass, and has the extra grip that comes with it. The downside of course being that it wears far worse than either matte aluminium or glass, but I find that kind of charming. 
> The voters are to blame  
  
I mean, if I was going to pick a group of people responsible for a referendum result, the voters would place pretty highly. 
Of course they will. Just a different, significantly wealthier people than what is usually meant by “the people”. 
Glass back though 😕 I definitely feel like I’m in the minority that would prefer never having wireless charging in exchange for keeping the aluminium body. 
Craig Federighi said they were having some issues with it and it will be restored in a future update to iOS 11. 
> Same with in app navigation. To go up in the app, some apps need a swipe right from left edge, some swipe right from anywhere on the screen while some won't handle swipe right at all. If I don't want to rely on swipe gesture to go back, there's no standard button to do that either.  
  
This annoys the shit out of me, and it’s entirely the fault of apps. The standard UINavigationController is just swipe from the left edge, and there should always be a back button that achieves the same goal in the top left. But in the last few years, likely due to phones getting wider, apps have started adding gesture recognisers that go back for *any* right swipe, meaning you constantly trigger it while trying to scroll. Instagram is particularly bad for it. Then you’ve got Google, half of whose apps support swiping and half don’t, because they seem to have ported their entire UI component system to iOS rather than use anything native to the platform. 
Does your PVM have an underscan mode that’s turned on?
I used to live right round the corner from there, know a couple of people that had work done there. Seems like a solid place. 
Yes it is. My bad. 
Technically, it was only renamed macOS with Sierra, so OS X Lion is the correct name. Similarly, anything prior to Lion would be Mac OS X, as Lion dropped the ‘Mac’. 
Thanks for your help guys! It’s put my mind at ease. 
I looked but couldn’t find one—as far as I can tell it only takes a wired remote with a strange port (at least, I couldn’t see any sort of IR receiver on the front). 
The Home Max’s pricing was a huge surprise considering most people’s reaction to the HomePod was “hey this seems probably too expensive”. 
Right? Not having a headphone jack is really inconvenient, but the most common argument against it that I see online is “I can’t take care of my shit”. 
> But it seems like the $649 Pixel beats the $999 iPhone in just about every conceivable category.  
  
Eh, comparing the Pixel 2 XL to the iPhone X would be a fairer comparison, or the Pixel 2 to the iPhone 8. Either way, both iPhones have both Pixels soundly beat on performance (nothing is likely to touch the A11 within the next 12 months) and software support (5 years compared to Google’s 2). They also have wireless charging if you care about that sort of thing. Plus, Google Assistant is available on iOS, though I concede it’s way better on Android due to extra capabilities and system level integration. And while the Pixels camera will probably be better, it’s not a huge difference. The 8 Plus got somewhere between 92 and 96, I forget exactly, and the X has a slightly better camera than the 8 due to both cameras having OIS. For what it’s worth I’m not trying to be a fanboy or anything, my girlfriend has a Pixel 1 and compared to my 7 Plus I almost always prefer the shots the Pixel takes. They always seem to be significantly sharper. 
Or people who won’t take no for an answer, especially when trying to give you things. I feel bad enough that you’re being generous and I’m turning it down, but don’t keep on with reasons why I should say yes, because well both get exasperated and it’s just going to come off as ungrateful. My mum is particularly bad for this, if I said yes to everything she tried to give me my house would be full of all the old shit she doesn’t want. I appreciate the offer and that her first thought is me rather than something going to waste, but by the third time I’ve said no it should be pretty fucking obvious that I’m not turning it down out of politeness. 
They look cool but were sorely lacking on structural integrity. I feel like I might have broken a couple by opening them too fast. 
No need to be ashamed, Macs make great development machines. 
  
In my experience, VS Code performs exactly as you’d expect for what it is. It’s half way between a text editor and a full IDE, and that’s roughly how long it takes to launch. Yeah TextEdit fires up pretty much instantly, but I could open and quit VS Code about five times by the time PhpStorm has finished launching. 
I like to use my phone in bed, so a cable is way more convenient, and also charges significantly faster. The car thing sounds useful though. 
I bought an Apple silicone case for my 7 Plus as they’re the only cases I’ve ever really liked. It gave my 6 some much needed grip and I got the funky orange one which looked great with the space grey. But the colour selection when I bought for my 7+ was lame (I got the midnight blue which is nice enough but kinda boring), it made an already huge phone almost unusably large, and the jet black has a natural tackiness that I find a lot easier to keep hold of. So I ditched it and went back to caseless. It’s had a couple of minor drops but it’s insured anyway. 
It might not be the same issue, but the last family friend I helped out had an issue where updates just hung on installation and never went anywhere. Did some research and apparently Windows 7 had numerous bugs in Windows Update, Microsoft ended up releasing a standalone patch to sort it. Installed that and 18 months of updates installed within a few hours, and that was on a single core laptop (did you know you could get single core laptops at least as recently as a couple of years ago? Cause I didn’t). 
As far as I know the issue is caused by a shitty PAL conversion, so the NTSC release should be absolutely fine. 
And while it’s certainly possible for Windows Updates to take a day or so to install (although certainly not five), it’s been my experience that this only tends to happen on 4+ year old Celeron or Pentium D laptops that haven’t been updated for almost as long as they’ve been in used. 
I hear the Blu-Rays are fine, but I haven’t personally verified it. But stay the hell away from this:
https://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/B00JEZM1OU/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_ikR0zb2MDKT5J  
  
I don’t know how it’s averaging four stars, cause there’s tons of reviews complaining about how awful the set is. 
Samsung Semiconductor and Samsung Mobile are separate companies and separately operated though. For example Samsung Semi has to bid on contracts from Samsung Mobile just as other companies do. 
I mean, it’s a really snarky way to pitch it for sure, but: phone designs are generally in the pipeline for 2-3 years before they release. And 2-3 years ago, the OLED that was available wholesale really wasn’t good enough. Burn-in was still an issue, colour accuracy was still off. Now, around this time Samsung flagships were releasing with really nice, accurate OLED panels, but if I remember correctly, Samsung Display was selling those panels exclusively to Samsung Mobile. Anyone else looking to buy in volume got the second rate, previous generation stuff.  
  
So this is in all probability the first iPhone where OLED has met their requirements during the design phase.  
  
The problem is that it’s still misleading for them to say it in a way that implies OLED matured yesterday, when their competitors have had OLED panels matching or besting their displays in the aspects they care about for several product cycles now. 
I’ll take a look, thanks for the info. And yeah, I was looking at the OSSC myself as it’s about half the price of the XRGB mini and has latency on the order of lines rather than frames. I’ve been on the waiting list since before it entered production and had more than one opportunity to buy one before they go out of stock again, but every time it’s come up I’ve had more important things to spend my money on. But you’re right, I see the screenshots people post on this sub and I know that ultimately I’d be disappointed with a digital solution. 
My bad, I don’t know where I got 15% from. But still, I can’t understand how it ever got to the point of being pressed to disc like that.
Can I potentially ruin something for you depending what you bought? If you bought it on DVD rather than Blu-Ray, in particular the box set that includes every season, the NTSC->PAL conversion is worse than amateur level. Everything plays ~~15~~ 4-8% too fast, including the audio, which is so high pitched it would be funny if I hadn’t paid actual money for it. Steve Carell sounds like he’s been inhaling helium before every scene. It’s so bad that I could tell it was fucked up without ever having watched an episode in the proper presentation. Apparently some of the later discs are also missing episodes but I never got that far, I just ended up pirating it instead. I didn’t refund the DVDs so I figure it balances itself out morally. 
Yeah, it’s really bad here. I think the main problem is lack of availability, so when they do pop up people get greedy. Like the guy I mentioned in my last comment, some of the units he’s selling are listed for north of £1500, and they’re all just sitting there unsold because no-one in their right mind is going to pay that much. I was hoping to spend no more than £150 + shipping for a middle of the road 14”, but it’s proved tougher than I thought (although I found that BB List one you mentioned and it looks promising).  
  
Part of me is wondering if it’s worth either:  
a. Tracking down a decent quality consumer tube and taking advantage of RGB SCART being widely supported this side of the Atlantic or  
b. Just buying a scaler and using my main TV instead, I lose the experience I was looking for but I would at least fulfill the goal of getting clean video from my old consoles
I was originally looking at 14” and there were a few that went for a reasonable price; unfortunately they were half the country away and weren’t willing to ship. I think you might be right about the 8” though, I’m fine sitting close but thinking about it, I’m not sure I want to play on something that’s smaller than an iPad. I’m not familiar with BB list but I’ll certainly check it out, thanks! And thanks for clearing up the sync issue, I’ve managed to find the manuals (or at least spec sheets) for most models I’ve been looking at, but they either don’t specify or aren’t clear what sync types they support—I guess because they support them all.  
  
It’s a shame, there’s a seller on eBay with five or more really nice condition PVMs and BVMs, but the lowest he’s asking for is £500 which I think is very unrealistic. 
Pepsi Max is my crack, if I don’t watch myself I can get through a 15-pack in a few days. Definitely my favourite cola product, even over normal full sugar Coke. But I’m the same as you, if I’m craving something sweet, drinking a Pepsi Max nice and slowly will usually satiate me. 
> We're happy to let him sleep on the ground and beg for a living  
  
Actually, the sort of people who have no compassion for the homeless usually also have a problem with them sleeping on the ground and begging for a living. They’d rather them completely disappear, or the usual rhetoric of ‘get a job’. As if getting a job is a walk in the park even for someone with a permanent address and access to facilities to wash themselves and their clothes. 
I used to work for Carphone Warehouse and we’d get our iPhones in a couple of days before launch in a tote, with a label affixed basically saying we’d be fired if any of the devices were opened before 8am on launch day. The story was always that Apple monitored activations, and that any device activated before it should have been was tracked down and the offending store prohibited from ever selling iPhones again. I don’t know if that was true or just a scare story though. 
It’s totally possible, just awkward. From the home screen, start to drag an icon, with your other hand double-click the home button or swipe up on the dock to invoke the task switcher. From there, you can either tap on the app you want to multitask with and drop the icon to start split-view or slide-over, or you can just hold the icon on top of the app preview for a few seconds to jump straight into split-view.   
  
You can also do the same with Spotlight search results for apps, but in my experience it only works when Spotlight is invoked from the home screen. It doesn’t seem to work at all when accessing Spotlight when an app is open.  
  
The downside of the new multitasking model making things way easier is that anything not in the dock is totally unintuitive and awkward to get going. It also bothers me that you can’t invoke split-view by dragging one app preview onto another in the multitasking view, because that’s exactly how split-view works in macOS and the lack of consistency is frustrating. 
Happened to mine too, it was a widespread enough issue that I was able to get it repaired free well outside of the warranty period. The replacement topcase was noticeably thicker and sturdier and never showed any issues. 
I’ve never had this actually buzz or otherwise make any noise. In my experience it just sits silently on the lock screen, and you don’t even know it’s there until you go to unlock it (hopefully once you’ve parked or are a passenger and not while driving). 
I was hoping he’d turn it into a LaserDisc at the end
Not GameCube component cables. They have a proprietary DAC built into the cable that to date hasn’t been reverse engineered, although people are close. 
I wonder if they have GameCube component cables or if they’re just running composite into one of the YPbPr channels. GameCube component cables are rare and incredibly sought after and run about $200-300. The idea of someone doing this with them hurts me slightly. 
I love and hate TrueTone. It’s a great feature, but my iPad has it and my phone doesn’t, so now my phone just perpetually looks kinda blue. 
Once I finished it I came to the conclusion that, while it’s an absolutely phenomenal action game, it’s a disappointing entry to the Metal Gear franchise. I find it easier to just treat it as a spin-off and to enjoy the gameplay, rather than focusing on the terrible pacing and lacklustre (by MGS standards) story.  
  
Also, I know MGS is batshit insane, but it’s always bothered me that we’re supposed to just accept such crazy advanced technology in 1984 when the most advanced top-secret black projects in the world circa 2005 (Metal Gear REX) were way, way less capable. Like, I can suspend disbelief but it’s not even consistent with itself. 
Has anyone else found stand and move tracking to be significantly less accurate since watchOS 4? Almost every day since updating I get notifications congratulating me for hitting my goals when I’m just sitting on the sofa, and I’ve even had it happen a couple of times when I’m lying down and not moving. 
> I feel like font is too core of an element to be customizable with an app 
  
Correct. I don't know what's causing it but it's not a font thing, it's separate unicode characters, just like emoji. 
I’ve got a series 2 that I’m happy with, but if I was in the market for a new one I’d probably go for a series 3 *without* LTE. For one, I don’t like the red crown. For two, the only time I ever use the Watch without my phone is during workouts. For that, I sync music locally, and a recurring £5 monthly fee isn’t worth it considering I don’t really want calls or texts while I’m exercising. The ability to place emergency calls would certainly be nice, but it’s hardly a daily use case. Also, my current network (EE) is the only supported network in the U.K. right now, and I don’t want anything locking me in to them. 
The main issue is that people spreading the misinformation make out that Bluetooth is the reason for poor sound quality, which is completely missing the point. Sure, AirPods don’t sound nearly as good as even a low/mid-range set of cans, but that’s because the drivers are about a tenth of the size, it’s nothing to do with them being wireless. Yet all the comments you see online are always along the lines of ‘fuck AirPods, Bluetooth headphones sound terrible’. Which is also not true, I doubt 99% of people could tell the difference.
Let’s hope it fixes quick reply being totally unusable because it keeps dismissing itself half way through typing a response. 
Only one this time unfortunately. It's a nice one though.
How old is it? Sounds like it needs a new battery
They’re already doing it, the Touch Bar is a separate ARM device running iOS alongside the x86 CPU running macOS. And back in the day you used to be able to buy x86 add-in cards for old-world Macs (I forget if it was 68k or PPC), which was basically an entire PC on a card that would let you run IBM-PC software within a sort of virtual machine/hypervisor type thing. 

I could see them doing ARM-only 12” MacBooks, where people are much less likely to be doing work that requires x86 stuff (which is mainly virtualisation and proprietary SIMD stuff to my thoughts), and then sticking x86 chips in the Pros and desktops. The main problem is, all the x86 chips that *have* those features tend to be pretty beefy in their own right, so to my knowledge you couldn’t get away with sticking a 5W Y-series in there to minimise power draw. 
I really like VCSO’s filter capabilities but I wish they didn’t try to attach their own shitty Instagram clone to it. I know you don’t have to use it (and I don’t), it just feels redundant. 
If I have battery percentage turned on, I can’t help but constantly watch it and start overthinking whether or not it’s lasting as long as it should, or what might be using more power than it should. So I have it disabled, cause the only thing I actually need to know is when it falls below 20% because then I’ll probably need to charge it in the next couple of hours. Otherwise, unless I’ve spent an abnormally long time somewhere with shitty signal, it almost always lasts through the day anyway.  
The icons have to be supplied by the app though, so you can’t put an icon pack together, for example. 
Ehh not really. Look up race-to-sleep. Faster chips tend to be more efficient because they can complete their tasks faster and gate back down to using almost no power much more quickly. 
- It has widgets, but they’re on the ‘today’ screen, which is to the left of the notification shade. They’re not on the home screen, but they serve the same purpose. You can’t customise icons unless you jailbreak but the upside is that, because the shape is uniform, icons are much more consistent than Android. Apps can also offer alternate icons for you to switch between if they wish, but not many do. 
- Not in the same way that Samsung has that app, but the entire phone is encrypted and there are almost certainly apps available that will let you put things behind a password or your fingerprint 
- Yes and yes
- IP67 resistant
- No screen mirroring via anything but AirPlay to an Apple TV, sorry. Chromecast support in apps is generally good though, not sure about Amazon Fire though
  
I’ve used iPhones for a long long time but the main thing I’ll say is that if you’re big into customisation, you will likely be frustrated and it might not be the platform for you. I couldn’t give a shit about things like custom icons though, so it’s not even a consideration point for me, but I see the appeal. 
Part of me really wants to see what an A-series chip with a 45W TDP could do. The other part of me thinks how much more of a pain in the ass all the virtualisation I use daily will become and hopes they never do it. 
Ars always tests the latest version of iOS on the last supported model, their verdict is that iOS 11 is perfectly usable on a 5S. 
The iPhone 4S and 5 both received 5 years of software support. While the 4S on iOS 9 is a miserable experience, the 5 on iOS 10 is actually still quite usable for basic users. Similarly, the 5S is supported by iOS 11 and so has at least another year of support, and is also very usable. Given the rapid pace of improvement in their CPUs, I very much expect either the 6 or 6S to extend into six years of support. 
*in the US. 

I’m in the UK, where contactless is widely accepted and swipe transactions are met with suspicion and mistrust. Seriously, where I used to work anything more than a petty cash-level transaction by swipe would trigger a bunch of anti-fraud checks because we’ve been using chip and PIN for like the last 15 years, and swipe transactions aren’t afforded the same protections from the banks. I’m not sure if Samsung Pay is even available here, but I feel like it would be almost useless if it is.
> if people didn't want Brexit they probably shouldn't have voted for parties with it in their manifesto  
  
With the exception of UKIP voters, no-one did. 
I presume silver is just bare unanodised aluminium, which explains the consistency. 
True tone requires different sensors to just the normal ambient light sensor. 
OF THE MIND
Keep an eye out for clearance Series 2s now they’ve been discontinued, you might find a bargain. And any old wireless headphones will work—you can get a pair plenty adequate for working out for a very reasonable price from Amazon. 
It’s less than ideal, but if you save the following JavaScript snippet as a bookmark in Safari:
  
`javascript:document.querySelector(%22video%22).webkitSetPresentationMode(%22picture-in-picture%22);`  
  
You can force pretty much any video into PIP, no matter what they try to do to hide or obfuscate the controls. Works on macOS and iOS. Obviously it means using YouTube mobile rather than the app, but if you want proper PIP it does the trick.
At least the country will only have to suffer Pacers until 2019, when they become illegal due to the inability to retrofit them to be sufficiently accessible for the disabled. 
I’ve got a similar thing caused by a neck tumour I had from my lymphoma. The tumour is gone now but two months later I still can’t talk in anything more than a rasp. It’s coming back slowly, but I can tell it will be a while. The more annoying part is needing a drink with everything I eat just in case it decides to not go down properly. 
I don’t think I ever have it in me to not buy a black phone, I’ve thought about it in the past but always decide against it
Even though it’s never a colour I would buy for myself, the gold 8 looks amazing.
I have not, regrettably, but I’ll give them a go. I like to be almost in pain after finishing a large bag, so that sounds up my street. 
As a salt and vinegar crisp connoisseur, I can confirm that the sea salt and Chardonnay white wine vinegar crisps from the Co-op are the best crisps on the market. They come in a blueish packet though, not green. 
What region are you looking to use? I’ve found the British male voice is new but British female isn’t. 
Videos are *not* cropped by default. You can optionally zoom in to fill the screen if you wish. Games developers can choose to have the notch be a part of their UI, or choose not to put things behind it if they don’t want to. How is it this still an issue people are bringing up!?
Thank you!
Currently receiving fantastic, high quality treatment for cancer on the NHS. As in I am sitting in a hospital bed typing this. Cancer is tough but I cannot imagine how much more taxing this would be on myself and on my family if I had to worry about how I was going to afford staying alive.  
You are wrong, and you do not have to accept the uncertainty and lies people in your country feed you to stop you demanding better. The system works, fantastically well. 
Once upon a time there was an Oblivion-based dungeon crawler in development for the PSP. 
I remember there being a big fuss about that a few years back. It’s a shame really because good discussion makes for a more enticing site to visit regularly. Let’s face it though both The Verge and Recode lost a lot when Walt Mossberg retired. I miss his insight, often witty and always to the point. 
It’s not widely supported I don’t believe, but it is in the spec
Are we talking about the same thing here? I’m on about the black bars to the left and/or right of a video not being a burn in risk because the pixels are off. The remaining pixels will be the video, so they’ll be refreshing constantly anyway. 
You,,,don’t. There’s badges on the app icons but there’s never been icons in the tray. I can see why that seems less useful but I’ve never liked the clutter. 
Black doesn’t burn in, because the pixels are turned off. 
Have you seen the actual phone? It looks almost nothing like the renders, the sides are the same size as the iPhone and it has a chin to boot. 
They don’t put notification icons up there, it’s just signal/battery/Bluetooth etc. 
Exactly, I can’t believe how big of a deal people are making about this video thing. You’ve been able to adjust the zoom/crop of video to either fill the screen or show all the video *literally* since the first iPhone. 
> What I don't understand though why the edges are so fat compared to a Samsung. Why Samsung manages a higher screen efficiency then Apple?

They haven’t really. The S8 screen does extend further on the left and right because it follows the curve of the glass (whereas the iPhone keeps the screen flat, though the glass does taper like previous models), but the S8 also has a chin and forehead. They’re not huge, but the iPhone is the most bezel-less of the bezel-less phones so far. 
https://cdn.arstechnica.net/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/7.jpg

It’s an isolated example, but from Ars Technica’s findings they might need that billion..
Even now, my girlfriend has a Pixel which by all accounts has a very nice panel and it just doesn’t look right to me. Almost like it’s got a thin, almost imperceptible layer of grease on the glass that you can’t wipe off. 
The Verge has had a strange, strange swing. At one point they were (at least perceived to be) so Apple biased that they gained the nickname ‘iVerge’, now they’ve swung back in the opposite direction, often being (in my opinion) overly critical, and in one case outright wrong (criticising the 2016 MacBook Pros for not having...I think it was Skylake processors, when the 45W quad core chips they use hadn’t actually been released by Intel yet). 
It’s annoying to be sure (especially after the Brexit price jump not so long ago) but the vast majority of people probably won’t even notice that the price has gone up as they wouldn’t have known what it was before. I wouldn’t mind so much but I very much doubt the price will go back down as NAND settles. 
Yep, and you can change the zoom/crop level to avoid it like you’ve been able to since the original iPhone.
If it helps, with the education discount you get free BeatsX which retail for just over a hundred quid, so you can flog them and subsidise the price. That’s what I did with my 64GB Pro.
> Yes, I like my SE... but the display is trash compared to some of the S8's and Note 8's I've been looking at. 
  
I mean, to be fair the SE is like less than half the price. 
Nope, it can work wirelessly
‘Convenience’. Personally I prefer to have a phone with a metal back but it seems like I’m fast becoming the minority. 
Fastest way I’ve found for non-dock apps is to drag down, search Spotlight, and drag the icon to activate. You can do it with home screen icons but it takes longer than I’d like. 
They’ve already published an updated version of the interface guidelines and Xcode stuff to account for this. You didn’t think it was just gonna sit there did you?
I’m just pissed they thought wireless charging was worth the change in materials. I’ve always preferred to go without and have a fully metal phone instead. 
This seems like too many phones to be on sale at once. I know they want to cover a wide price gamut, but particularly between the 6s/Plus and 7/Plus, it’s difficult to justify why both are still on sale. It’s as bad as a few years ago when they were selling 5 or 6 different models of very poorly differentiated iPads. 
Can we prohibit the fucking tabloid-style headlines where they CAPITALISE things in a poorly disguised attempt to TELL YOU WHAT TO THINK!?
I 100% appreciate this argument, I’m just in the camp that finds a metal phone to be both much more desirable and a much more useful feature (insofar as only ~50% of the surface area is at risk of smashing). I’m really disappointed that Apple looks to be going back to a glass sandwich, as even though I’m not upgrading this year, I can’t see it changing back soon unless they go to ceramic. 
As I understand it though Samsung Pay is only really useful in the US because MST is essentially dead everywhere that’s widely adopted chip and pin and contactless payment. In the UK, you can use MST as a backup if something goes wrong or if the machine is incredibly old, but you’re likely to get suspicious looks from staff. Where I used to work, anything above very very small transactions done by MST would prompt a bunch of anti-fraud checks, and over certain amounts we’d have to call the bank to verify. 
It has indeed been removed in iOS 11, along with Twitter. Presumably Facebook will be rolling out their own way to do this after the final release. 
I feel like you could add lots of little nubbins and such, it would look like instruments and electronics and would look great IMO
Looks cool, could do with some stuff in the cockpit though!
As abhorrent as racists and bigots are, I can’t get myself to agree with hate speech laws. Yes, we should shun those people, mock them, point out their horrible views. If it passes into harassment (which could be as simple as directing it at a particular individual) then criminal action should absolutely be taken. But I don’t think we should arrest people for voicing horrible opinions, especially considering there are opinions that are just as horrible but much more widely tolerated (Rees-Mogg comes to mind). 
They’re not supposed to be able to do that anymore, on iOS at least anyway. Apple added a new system-provided modal rating UI a little while ago, that doesn’t take you out of the app and places strong restrictions on how many times per year you can be asked to rate the app. All apps are supposed to use it and stop rolling their own, apparently it’s not being particularly well enforced. 
> Seems to defeat the purpose of design to have a dongle hanging off your phone at all times. How do you charge it if you are listening to music?
  
Leave them on your headphones, not the phone.  
  
I’m not defending Apple for it because it has been a fucking annoyance at times to not have a headphone jack (even though I very much enjoy my AirPods, but sometimes I like to use other headphones), but it’s equally crazy when people act like the only other solution is to shower Apple with money. You get an adapter in the box, you can get third party adapters, and other than that literally any wired or Bluetooth headphones will work with it.  
  
I still think it was a fucking terrible idea removing it though. 
Works insofar as results are presented, just pretty much never anything even close to what you were looking for. 
I feel like iOS 11 has been the first time in a few years that the included wallpapers have been really nice. The iPad ones (which I guess are technically part of iOS 10 too) are great and so are these. The ones with iOS 8, 9, and 10 were really underwhelming imo, especially considering they took away some of the nicer ones in later releases. 
Your Howard reminds me of Yoji Shinkawa’s Metal Gear Solid art. Very cool. 
Definitely. I sold my copy but then bought another when the Welcome Amiibo update came out, so I could check out the new stuff and just because I missed checking into my village every day. I’m still enjoying playing it; I only put about 20-40 minutes a day into it but it’s a good way to play it. 
> the blue rays make your body think it's day time  
  
I knew we should’ve gone with HD-DVD
I ate like an eighth of a tub of this stuff when I was a baby. 
Apple Music has some surprisingly awful interface choices. Another particularly bad one is the shuffle and repeat controls being hidden off screen in the Now Playing card, which has essentially no visual indication that it is scrollable. 
Yeah, on the original 3DS launching Smash Bros actually reboots the system into a state without the majority of the operating system loaded (similar to when you play a backwards-compatible game and it reboots into DS mode). 
No problem! To be fair, I do web development for a living (although I’m mostly server side) and in my opinion generators are one of the more difficult parts of JavaScript to wrap your head around. 
That...seems like a really bad decision 
Your outer console.log() call must evaluate all arguments before the output can take place (that is to say, it must know the entirety of what it must print before it can do so; it can’t print ‘as it goes’). Now the second argument is dependent on a value returned from a function, which must be called to obtain that value. Inside that function is another console.log() statement, which completes its own argument evaluation and therefore prints first (as the outer console.log cannot print until this function we’re in returns/yields). At this point the yield returns a value to the outer function, finishing the evaluation and allowing the output to occur. 
I’m more concerned that it seems like all three phones will move from aluminium unibody back to a glass sandwich design seemingly just to allow wireless charging. Personally I find wireless charging to be a gimmick of very limited usefulness, but surely even to people who like it, the feature can’t be worth a phone that is twice as likely to smash when dropped?
He kind of has a point for the Watch at least. If you use an app or face that shows a full-screen image (and therefore doesn’t hide the bezels) it makes the whole device look kind of clunky. 
This introduces a weird new bug in that I no longer have any buttons surrounding the keyboard in landscape mode (7+). Where there was previously buttons for cut/copy/paste, etc, now there is empty space. 
You have a bit more wiggle room under bezels because there’s no display there. With a bezel-less screen you have to fit the regular components at the top and bottom *and* leave room for the display and driver. So things are likely to be quite cramped. Especially considering that, from what we’ve seen so far, the new iPhone will have the highest screen:body ratio of anything out. All the other bezel-less handsets have a small forehead and/or chin. 
Weird bug, I’m on a 7 Plus and my landscape keyboard is missing all the extra buttons (cut/copy/paste etc). It’s now just empty space either side of the regular keys, but the empty space responds as if I’m pressing the key closest. Filed a radar anyway. 
Sometimes you just need to play a game where nothing bad happens and everyone is psyched to be your friend
Thanks! It was
Thank you! It did 😊
> At least that's my understanding. (Hence people's complaints about reception on some of the iPhone 7's... Right?)  
  
As I understand it, CDMA is only used by Verizon and Sprint (I’m not from the US so I could be wrong), and only for voice/text and 3G. So, as LTE and VoLTE make up more and more of the network coverage, CDMA will become increasingly irrelevant. I’m under the impression that where it is still required is rural areas where there’s no/poor LTE coverage. I imagine a GSM-only phone in much of the Midwest, for example, would be something of a lemon.  
  
Regarding the issues people had with the Intel iPhone 7 modems, it was mainly centred around the fact that Apple artificially limited the throughput of the Qualcomm models to match the lower-performing Intel radios. I think it was a bit overblown though, as while I can’t remember the figures off the top of my head, even the artificial limit was higher than anything you’re likely to achieve connected to a real tower. 

Last week I had a client frantically calling us to complain that the Google Shopping feed generator we’re using on their platform was generating bad product links. Turns out he was just clicking the links from his Google Merchant Dashboard, which redirects you to a ‘you are now leaving Google, are you sure you want to proceed?’ page. I even showed him that they were all perfectly fine on the spreadsheet of products that *he exported for us from the Merchant Center*, but I still don’t think he was convinced. 
> Qualcomm sucks for the market and all, but their position as the top chip manufacturer (atleast in a lot of the major markets) is basically untouchable because of all the patents they have on 3G **and** 4G radios.
  
  
Fortunately I think it’s only CDMA they have any sort of monopoly on (which is why the GSM iPhone 7 uses Intel modems) so at least it won’t be a problem for too much longer (and already isn’t, in most of the rest of the world).  
It’s kind of creepy how accurate that *1984* trope is becoming, where everything bad is the sole fault of the enemy, but who that enemy is changes regularly, with no-one questioning the rhetoric. In the US, Obama gets blamed for things that happened during the Bush administration (and even some things in the Trump administration). In the UK, it’s common to blame the ‘previous Labour government’ for issues, even though the last time Labour was in power was 2010 (at the tail end of a global recession, no less). 
Bloodborne. I get it, I understand the satisfaction of working on your technique and learning the tells of different enemies with the goal of mastering things that destroyed you at first. But it just didn’t do it for me. I expected to suck, but I still found it frustrating, and while my gaming time isn’t exactly limited, I don’t want to spend hours repeating the same sequence of spending 10 minutes making my way to a boss then dying and doing it all again. I think I put maybe four to five hours into it, and spent almost all that time just wishing I could play it like a Devil May Cry-type game instead. Returned it and bought DOOM instead and had an absolute blast, so no big loss. 
I managed to grab one, but I’m in hospital for the next ten days so can’t build it. It’s just sitting at home, taunting me. 
I’m also bummed out about this, I used it all the time. I’ve mostly got used to it but I still forget occasionally and end up disappointed. 
I don’t even know where to start when people say this. It just boggles my mind how people can be so selfish in their mindset. It’s not ‘other people paying for your healthcare’. It’s *all of us* pitching in together (adjusted for differences in what we each earn) so *none of us* ever have to worry about how we’re going to pay the bills when we get seriously ill, or whether or not we can afford not to die from completely treatable illnesses. The ‘screw you, I’ve got mine’ attitude is a scourge on society. I have cancer, and while all my hair is falling out and I’m worried whether or not I’ll beat it, at least I don’t have to worry that I’ll end up destitute or that I’ll bankrupt my family. And if you think that’s a bad thing, then fuck you, I just hope nothing bad ever happens to you, your family, or your children. 
Sorry but that’s complete and utter bullshit. There are cases where you might be treated in a hospital other than the one closest to you because another hospital is better equipped to treat you, or specialises in what’s wrong with you, but to imply they are somehow incapable of complex procedures is just untrue. 
Also you don’t have to tip here. It’s appreciated and you are certainly welcome to, but it’s definitely not expected. 
> it is literally illegal to sell a pint in the UK which isn't


If anyone would like more information, it’s called the [Weights and Measures Act](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Weights_and_Measures_Acts_(UK%29), and has its roots as far back as the 10th century. 
When I come across things like sign posts and vending machines I always think ‘why would I want that in my house’. I never seem to think of awesome themed ideas like this
We don’t have the right wing vitriolic TV presence that the US does, but we more than make up for it in print. And unfortunately it holds just as much sway with the general public as those TV networks do in America. 
Programmers work similar to co-operative multitasking. We will interrupt ourselves, when the time is right. Interrupting us from the outside causes instability. 
/r/iamverysmart
True, they missed their chance to quietly bump up to 11 and switch to semantic versioning though. If there was any year to do it it’s the first year their operating system doesn’t have a ten in the name *and* the year iOS moves to version 11. 
I’m not the OP so I don’t know what he was talking about, I was just chiming in. The curved corners thing is weird though. From the iPhone leaks they’re necessary as the screen goes right up to the edge. I don’t necessarily like how it looks but they can’t really do much else. Same for the Essential phone; the top edge has curved corners because it’s almost flush with the body. But the G6, V30, and S8 have curved corners just...because. And it think it looks a little stupid. The phones in general look fantastic. Just...why round off the corners?
Although that has since dropped the X and is macOS now. 
The iPhone will have curved glass at the edge, as it has since the 6, but the actual screen itself will be flat. 
Upgrade to beta 8 and see if it still happens? Or just wait a few hours, there’s a chance we’ll get the Gold Master today with the event being next week. 
We work on mostly Laravel projects and it’s something of a convention to have a `.env.example` file which is included in the repo and has blank entries for all the settings required by the project. Then, whenever someone clones the repo for the first time, they just have to copy the example file to an actual `.env` and fill their settings in. 
Man, it's my dream to have a dedicated room like this one day. Great setup.  
 
Where did you get the PVM? I occasionally check eBay to see what's going but it seems like the only people selling them know exactly what they have and are asking either a fortune or it's a job lot of about 10 of them and they're asking ten fortunes. I have the opposite problem with Trinitrons; the people selling them have no idea what it is and so there's no model number and often no shots of what ports they have. Then again, being in Europe I can hook pretty much anything up via SCART, so that's probably the route I'll go down.
> if it's $10 upfront in the app store, no-one will download it and the all will die. 
  
I agree with you here.

> $3 a year is so cheap that is expect most to just pay it. It's less than a coffee or a bottle of water.  
  
In an ideal world yes, but people aren't logical, especially when it comes to mobile apps, where everyone is conditioned to think that > £3 is 'expensive'. I mean look at the reviews for Monument Valley 1 and 2; all the negative ones are from people complaining that £3-5 is too much for a game that can be finished in a couple of hours, even though, like you say, it's coffee price (setting aside the thousands of man-hours and likely hundreds of thousands of dollars spent on development and marketing, and the fact that they're a *really, really* good pair of games with some of the highest production value in mobile gaming).  
  
The thing with subscriptions in my experience is that:  
a. More technology-oriented people that are aware of the realities of app development and support are much more forgiving if there is some ongoing expenditure on your part, for example if you were offering cloud syncing or something of that nature
  
b. The less technology-oriented people that wouldn't even think about that sort of stuff will fall back on the natural aversion a lot of people seem to have about recurring costs. It's not just apps; when I used to sell phones the number one reason people who were on the fence about the insurance add-on would end up saying no was because they were uncomfortable with the idea of a recurring payment or thought they might accidentally forget about it. People just don't like it. I'm the same myself, if someone collecting for charity approached me I'd be much more likely to make a one time donation than sign up for a monthly or yearly donation, even for a small amount.  
  
I totally get the need for a consistent revenue stream but I don't think  many people will be interested in a subscription for something of this scale (and I mean that purely in terms of scope; your app looks very good and in no way do I want to downplay the work you've put in). The reason it's worked for apps like Ulysses (and bear in mind even those guys faced a large amount of backlash) is because it's a fairly large scale app that its users tend to use on a daily basis and who's workflows would be significantly impacted without it.  
  
As for what you should do instead; I don't really know. It's a tough decision to make. I like the solution /u/iKenndac suggested of having the same features be available as either a large one-time or small sub IAP. The other option would be ad supporting it with either a one-time IAP or sub to remove them. If you're apprehensive towards ads I understand; I would be too. But from a user perspective, the people who don't care won't have an appreciably worse appearance and will provide you with revenue, while many people who can't stand them are more willing to pay to remove them. If you went for something unobtrusive, like a tastefully implemented banner ad across the bottom and nothing else, I think it would be a nice middle ground. You could then charge IAPs for any larger additional features you add down the road.  
  
Disclaimer: I have no figures or market research to back any of this up. It's all my own speculation and opinion, so take it all with a grain of salt.

Edit: I'd just like to add that I would totally sign up for a £2-3 subscription for this app. It's peanuts, and your thinking behind it is perfectly logical. I just don't think many people would agree with me.
Looks like it could potentially be Shinji Mikami? Hard to make out at that resolution though.
Cardboard-based Japanese Nintendo game boxes always seem to be the opposite orientation to their US and EU counterparts and they always look way cooler. These look awesome (that Zelda art is dope) and I'm particularly fond of the horizontally-wider GBA boxes.
They also tripled again under a Tory (and Lib Dem) government...
Yeah that’s a fair point, it wouldn’t be very presidential. At least, whatever presidential meant circa 2009-2017. 
Obama should have accepted and donated it to a nice mix of environmental and human rights charities. It’s a win-win-win, it helps people, it pisses Donny off, and it proves to the pompous moron that Obama is a US citizen and not, in fact, a rare species of space-Muslim. 
Even if it was for something other than a virtual assistant, a dedicated button for a service rather an immutable device feature is almost never a good idea. One day, maybe not too far from now, Bixby may be shut down or forgotten about to the point of being even less useful than it is now, and that button will be an even bigger annoyance. Whereas something like a camera button will continue to be useful for as long as the phone is. 
I read his subtitles in Joey Diaz’ voice 
Yeah, it took three attempts to get a good enough sample of my lymphoma to be certain but the doctors pretty much knew it was cancer before the first attempt, cause it just wasn’t going away. 
I mean they deserve it, Office for iOS is great and whatever the latest version for macOS is is a huge improvement on the old version. 
I don’t think its presence hinders anything, it just sucks that the price increases that came with it made the new equivalents of the previous models significantly more expensive (getting on towards 50% more in GBP for some models, but that’s partially down to the shit Pound right now). I paid about £1250 for my MacBook Pro which at the time was the middle of the three options (2.7GHz/8GB/256GB). The closest equivalent now is either the height end non-TB for £1450 or the base model 13” w/TB, which is £1750. 
I would guess that if USB-C was at the point it is now back in 2012 they absolutely would have. I don’t think they will now because they’d rather wait and have no ports at all in the near future. I completely disagree with that decision, but it’s the same as when they totally ignored Blu-Ray for a couple of years because they were moving towards ditching optical drives altogether. 
Fun fact: you can just hide behind a rock and murder her with Nikita missiles. 
I don’t care about censoring myself but it seems so matter how much unfollowing, unfriending and unliking I do, my feed is still full of total horseshit. It’s not even updates about people’s lives or conversations or anything even *social*, all I see is thinly veiled ads from companies I haven’t got around to unliking yet and an absolute drove ‘like and share if you have two eyes and breathe’ posts. And there’s no way at all to tell Facebook that I do not give a flying shit about what anyone shares from pages I don’t follow. So I just barely use it anymore. 
Archive everything. Still there in case you ever need it, but it doesn’t clutter your inbox. I like to live the Inbox Zero life, so unless it’s something I actively need to work on or respond to it just gets archived. 
I mean it might not be the case for older movies, but anything new is gonna be mastered in 4K anyway. They already have the UHD version ready to go from when it was in the cinema. Now everything is digital they haven’t even gotta scan it. 
That’s clearly a dog poking his head out from behind some sort of enormous sheep! Just kidding, that’s a handsome dog you’ve got there OP. 
The Dixons Carphone machine has a weird way of turning otherwise nice people into total bastards when selling without them even realising it. I worked in Carphone for nearly two years, including a stint in a concession store inside a Currys PC World, and even though everyone I worked with was otherwise a nice person, some of the shit people did to customers was disgusting. The most egregious was probably the myriad times consultants chose not to tell customers about huge amounts of cashback (sometimes £100+) that came with contracts, instead opting to add tons of ‘free’ accessories and insurance to the transaction to rake the commission in and boost their figures. Somehow no-one saw anything wrong with it. I’ve no doubt Currys has their own version of this. All the while you’ve got regional managers telling you that it’s wrong and illegal and you’ll be fired if you’re caught, but then simultaneously pressuring your line manager for results, who then starts telling the team to do dodgier and dodgier stuff.  
  
It’s the main reason my performance dropped so much in the last few months of my employment; I still sold tons of phones but I only ever sold extras honestly. Which means almost no-one bought them because they’re a total rip-off.
It’s one of this city’s few redeeming qualities. At least we have a couple of Nando’s now as well. 
iOS 11 has a cool feature for this: it has an SOS mode where pressing the power button 5 times rapidly will bring up a prompt to make an emergency call, but it also disables Touch ID and forces the passcode to be used. Not perfect but can be easily triggered in a pocket. 
Well here in the UK, at least as far as I'm aware, all properties fall within the jurisdiction of a local or county council. Then again, with how small this country is, our most remote areas are significantly less remote than yours. 
Yeah definitely. In the UK we have council tax that covers that sort of thing, as well as providing some funding towards policing and fire services, libraries, road maintenance (though you wouldn't know it in my city) and other such stuff. It's charged per household at different rates based on the valuation of your home (which is the cause of some controversy). For me, in the cheapest band, with a 25% discount because my girlfriend is a student, we pay a little under £100 a month, but that is only charged for 10/12 months for some reason. 
Yeah that makes sense, I suppose it's just redistribution of cost. 
Huh, well I've learned something new today. It's something I've always assumed was funded by municipal taxes everywhere. 
Hell, they barely existed 50 years ago, at least not in a form anywhere near as useful as today. And if you consider smartphones, they only came into their own a decade ago. 
The more 'basic' details are still mindblowing. We take a little wafer of silicon measuring a few hundred square millimetres, then using lasers and UV light we etch anywhere from 5-15 *billion* tiny switches, all connected with all the parts wired up exactly where they need to be. Feature size is getting so small now it's becoming feasible to *count the number of atoms* that make up various sizes and distances on the wafer. We then give them some power and have them operate at *3-4 billion cycles per second*. And they work, stupendously well. So well that you can keep them powered on for months, even years at a time and be unlikely to encounter any problems. 
> For about $8/month  
  
Is that through tax or do you actually pay a bill for your refuse services in the US?
If you can afford it, get a new/refurbished one. Not only will the performance be significantly better, the screen will be leagues above what you're used to, and the SSD will be significantly faster than anything you could upgrade your current MacBook with. That said, a couple of hundred US is always going to be nearly an order of magnitude cheaper than any recent MacBook you could buy, new or used. 
I still can't believe everything is pointing towards us moving away from unibody aluminium in favour of glass solely for wireless charging. I get the 'it stays charged while it's sitting on my desk' angle, but I still see it as barely more than a gimmick. *Especially* when it means severely hampering the durability of the phone. I really like not using a case. 
I just yesterday picked up 3, VC, LCS, and VCS again (already had a copy of SA lying around). Gonna play through them all in release order. I'd say Vice City is my favourite, if only for the music. I spent so much time with that game. 
Mine looks like everyone else's here: scratched. I don't mind the scratches, it just looks well worn. What really ruins the aesthetic is that every time you look at it, it's gonna be covered in fingerprints. I'm still on the fence about whether JB was the right choice or whether I should've gone for matte, but I think Jet still has the advantage because of how much grippier it is. Especially as this is my first Plus, that slight tackiness to the finish has really helped. 
  
  
Eh, and scratches or not it still looks fucking great when you've given it a good wipe down. 
I last played them in 2015 so I know what I'm doing soon. 
I mean, it did get really bad. The green felt was one thing, but remember the Podcasts app that was a fake reel-to-reel tape? That didn't even make any sense as well as being visually horrid.
Just resting your finger never takes you from the lock screen to the home screen. Scanning your fingerprint without pressing will 'unlock' the phone in the sense that secured data will now be visible from the lock screen (for example, in widgets), but you always have to press the home button to advance past the lock screen. The idea is that Touch ID will also scan your fingerprint as you press, doing the verification and the advancing in the same motion. Of course, it doesn't always work so smoothly.
Newspapers, not people!
I found that when I first got it, but then because of the larger screen I started using it for more things than my previous phones. It still just about lasts me through most days though, which is impressive considering how much I use it. 
Fuck loads of people, unfortunately. Although they are dying, slowly. Good riddance.  
  
Edit: for clarity: good riddance to tabloids. I'm not wishing anyone dead!
> To me it's looking more and more like a really poor version of iOS.  
  
Which is a little ironic considering the incredible lengths they go to to make their iOS apps look like Android apps. They're horrible to use because they don't behave like other apps on the platform, or even consistently among themselves (some support the edge-swipe 'back' gesture and some don't, 3D Touch support is anyone's guess). It's really unpleasant. Same goes for the abomination that is iTunes on Windows (and, to be fair, iTunes on the Mac too).
Ah, fair enough. That's disappointing to say the least. 
Agreed. Since it started to become clear that nothing else was coming, I've said I'd be happy with an Episode 3 running on Source as it was in 2007, built using Ep2 assets. I seriously don't care, I don't care if they finish that arc and never release a game again, I just desperately want to play the end of that story. I've been a huge fan of the franchise for fifteen years and as stupid as it sounds I feel genuinely betrayed that one of the greatest stories in video games has been so brazenly abandoned. 
Was that via Cygwin or the new WSL stuff? Cause I was under the impression with the new stuff like the Ubuntu subsystem that it was pretty much identical to real Linux. 
I...don't understand how anyone can miss a point so spectacularly unless they're doing it wilfully.
Forget it. Linux is great, no-one was really arguing that it wasn't.
Dude you keep repeating that point like it has any relevance to what anyone is talking about. His initial point is perfectly accurate; because of its existence as a combination of millions of independent contributions, everything above the kernel level lacks any sort of consistency. For example, Google 'where should Linux applications be installed'. There's *debates* over what type of application should be where, because there's no consistency or accepted norm. Compare that to Windows (C:\Program Files) or macOS (/Applications and ~/Applications).  
  
It's not necessarily even a problem, but it is true.
I'm not OP but I'll answer: I went 6 -> 6s -> 7 Plus and plan not to upgrade this year purely because I don't feel the yearly jump is worth it anymore (and hasn't been for a while). 6 -> 6s was a mistake, and the only reason I upgraded last year is because I wanted to move to a Plus. Now I have a Plus I think I'll just keep it for two years and see what's available next year. 
No, you're just completely missing his point. In his car analogy he wasn't talking about car software, he was making the comparison that applying the development process of Linux to something like building a car would be totally chaotic and unlikely to produce anything usable. 
> The issue with Linux and maybe with the Unix philosophy at large is that nobody is designing a single experience.  
  
  
Bingo. This is why all the command line, development, and server software is fantastic, but userland software like OpenOffice is fucking garbage. Amazingly functional considering it's completely free, but absolutely miserable to use. And even though this is an unpopular opinion, it's why I love macOS. You get compatibility with the vast majority of the POSIX stuff, but it's also cohesive and pleasant to use as an everyday OS, with great userland software. Windows is also moving this way with the Windows Subsystem for Linux. 
I don't think he was talking about car software, he meant if the physical design and assembly of a car was handled entirely by community contributions. 
I'm convinced phone camera reviews in all but extremely good and extremely bad cases are totally useless. There are 100% objective measures in quality but so much of it comes down to personal preference. I have a 7 Plus, my girlfriend has a Pixel; I actually prefer the photos her phone takes, but I'd say overall they're pretty close. Both really good cameras. But then you have Gizmodo saying it's terrible while The Verge calls it one of the best smartphone cameras period.  
  
Similarly the article says the Essential Phone takes awful photos while The Verge review says it takes fine-but-not-the-best photos after a last minute software update. 
Absolutely, just as you could write a book set anywhere, or a movie, or paint a picture. No-one can stop you, especially if you're not using real businesses.
I think a lot of the criticism comes from the fact that (on TV anyway, regrettably I've never been to the US) you only ever seem to see what we would call streaky bacon, and it always looks like it's grilled to a cinder.
The weird thing is, GPs can vary so massively between areas and practices. Most GPs local to me are similar to yours, a long wait for appointments. But I found out the practice on the nearby university campus is open to anyone in the catchment area, and they seem to have no patients. I get same or next day appointments all the time. It seems like they could do with some re-balancing of patient load.
As a very big fan of exactly that brand of cereal, I agree. It's worth pointing out that the Morrison's version is exceptionally cheap; the same thing from Sainsbury's is more like £2.50+. Aldi do a nice version too, but I can't remember how much it costs. 
I don't know how US carriers can dare justify this bullshit. If I bought a box of cereal but then had to pay extra to open the box I'd be asking what the fuck was up. 
Yeah, the past few years I've upgraded every year because I've been able to sell my old phone for half or more of the value of the new one. I probably won't bother this year because the novelty of having a new phone has been wearing off quicker and quicker each year, but £300-400 every year is much more palatable than £700-800+. If you're into technology of course, for a lot of people £300 a year is still a totally unreasonable expenditure, and that's fine. But I love technology and I used to sell phones (and therefore constantly be around brand new handsets) so to me it was worth it. 
Likewise. Build it on Source, use the same assets as Episode 2, I don't care. I just need to play an end to that story. 
You're missing my point, I meant if the GameCube supported DL-DVDs like the PS2 and Xbox did. 
I would say you're correct, but not because of the ability to watch DVDs. Full size 8GB discs would have allowed games like GTA to be ported to the system. 1.8GB per disc really hampers what you can do when your competitors have open-world, 100 hour epics, even though the PS2 was a significantly weaker system.  
K E E P I N I T T O G E T H E R B O Y E
I think them not doing a flat version of the S8 makes it a lot less appealing. I've never been a fan of the edge. It's cool from a technological standpoint but I want all the parts of the thing I'm reading or watching to actually be facing me. 
How so? Not being snarky, genuinely curious. Is it because they take longer to load/unload?
> We do need investment in infrastructure, but that means being less precious about bulldozing things to build new rail lines.
  
  
This is a big issue a lot of people don't seem to realise. I'm not defending how rail is operated in this country at all, but the fact that we have the oldest railways in the world works very much against us. The platforms aren't long enough for longer trains, the bridges aren't high enough for double decked trains, and nothing was built with modernisation like in-cab signalling in mind. Add 200 years of building cities around our railways into the mix and it's very, very difficult and expensive to modernise. The main difference is, other countries like France and Japan have built totally separate modern railways for their high speed rail programmes. 
Princess Diana and Madeline McCann
> Eh, losing 2 physical and 4 logical cores, and if you're considering going Ryzen 3, go with the 1200 and overclock it to the speed of the 1300x, quick way to save even more money
  
Solid tip, thank you
Thanks, I've just been taking a look at those. Here in the UK the 1060 6GB is pretty much identically priced to the RX580 8GB, but the 1060 3GB is quite attractively priced. Any opinions on that compared to the 1050Ti?  
  
I've also been looking at dropping the CPU to a Ryzen 3 1300X which shaves a nice amount off the cost, is there anything about that that would be a particularly bad idea?
Shreddies say something on the box about having them warm or cold but I don't know why you'd ever want to. Nothing better than drinking the cold, sugary milk after finishing the cereal. 
Battery estimates are always hazy. It's part of the reason they removed it from the menu bar battery display. It could be that the CPU was under high load at the time, meaning that under that load it would only last two hours. The only important question really is how long does your battery actually last?
Many widgets don't, even on iOS 10. The lines between Notes don't, nor Reminders. 
I'm upvoting it because it's not a lamprey. 
That'll certainly be part of it, but a lot of sites outright crash just due to lack of memory. Sadly, if only they'd shipped that first iPad with 512MB of RAM it probably would have had significantly longer longevity as the CPU was pretty beefy for the time. 
> Safari can't load 50% of pages properly anymore  
  
Unfortunately I think this is more of a symptom of shitty modern web design than anything. The poor iPad with its 256MB RAM can't handle the megabytes of tracking and analytics JavaScript that most sites force down your throat these days. Makes me wonder how much more usable it would be if it supported content blockers. 
I've been disappointed with the colours available for the 7/Plus anyway. The orange, lime, and blue silicon cases for the 6/s were fantastic, but most of the 7 series cases are fairly muted and drab IMO. Hoping they bring some vibrancy back. 
We use it in quite a few projects at work, I haven't used it myself but the guys that have speak quite highly of it. 
Well we must be doing something different, because I've literally never broken one. I got my first iPod probably ten years ago, and since then, for every iPod, iPhone, iPad, and MacBook I've ever owned, all of the cables have survived unscathed. When I sell the devices when I'm done with them, they've all gone with their original cables.  
  
Also, while I agree that other types of cable have adequate (which is to say, some at all) stress relief on the cables, my girlfriend has gone through tons of micro-USB cables, and I've seen tons of instances of Windows laptop chargers where the cable hasn't frayed but the port has gone shitty and so the charger just falls out if you look at it funny.
Which part of it? Cause it's all, y'know, factually accurate. 
It's certainly possible, I guess there's also differences in climate and temperature that could have an effect. Regarding Brexit, I'm not saying it's justified but I'm certain that's their reasoning. Everything they sell went up overnight, including products that haven't been refreshed (for example, the 4 year old Mac Pro is now the most expensive it's ever been). Either way, £80 is too much for a charger. At least the newer USB-C based ones are in two parts, so if the cable breaks you can just buy a new one for cheap without replacing the brick.
And it *does* still function. The entire OS is doing considerably more now than it was before, from visual effects to background functionality. When you consider that the current A-series CPUs are 3x faster in single-core and nearly 4x faster in multi-core than the A7, no shit the software built with the newer devices in mind is gonna be slower. It's not like they're slowing your device down to make you upgrade, it's the natural progression of technology.
Brexit ramped the price of all Apple products unfortunately. We had about reached the point where after VAT, most products were roughly equivalent to their US prices. Now everything is considerably more expensive again.  
  
As an aside, what are you doing when you say you take care with your chargers? I don't want be 'that guy' but I've never broken a MagSafe cable, to the point where in one case the charger outlived the laptop (old MacBook display died after 5 years). Just don't bend them at sharp angles, and do the little loop before you wrap it around the block, and don't leave them lying on the floor for people to step on. I have a three year old 45W and a two year old 65W MagSafe charger in the house and aside from being a little grubby they both look and work good as new.
Your iPad mini 2 has a four year old CPU, it shouldn't be a surprise that it won't run as fast with 2017 software.
Not true at all. Li-ions work in cycles, and while it is detrimental to let to drain completely it doesn't matter if you use 70% then charge it back to full then use 30% again, or if you use 30%, charge it, 30%, charge it, 30%, charge it, 10%, charge it. Both would count as one cycle. 
The main difference is the iMac Pro comes with more workstation oriented components vs desktop components. Namely Xeon CPUs, ECC RAM and Vega GPUs. These tend to be 'if you need them, you'll know' type components. 
Sometimes, but it was usually more in the region of 5-6, and you still got the money if it was rained off or ended really quickly. Not bad for pocket money when you're 13-16, I wouldn't do it now though. 
And local sub-county level. I was a scorer as a teenager, was a great little earner. £20 a match and a free tea. 
I edited a summary in
Can't tell if sarcasm. Wales is a country. 
Welcome to targeted advertising. You may never have searched for the products in question, but large scale, cross-site tracking from various advertising companies means they can predict your interest in products with startling accuracy, based on other things you've shown interest in. The fact that you've noticed them after talking about them is a mix of confirmation bias and coincidence.  
  
And for what it's worth, out of all the services running on your phone, the Apple ones are the only ones you can really trust to *not* be tracking you, as privacy is part of their business model. They sell devices, not ads, and routinely make a song and dance about keeping your data safe. Whether you believe them or not is up to you, but it would be very dumb for them repeatedly, publicly lie about it. The companies that *do* track you (Facebook, Google, etc) make no secret of it, they just bury it deep in terms of service. 
For future reference, you should be able to simply rename it from m4r to m4a and vice versa; there shouldn't be any differences in the actual file. 
The guy worked on targeted advertising. He said that they're not spying via camera or microphone, which would be far more processing than it's worth on that scale, and that instead cross-site tracking and cookies across the internet feeding data back to advertisers allow you to be incredibly predictable. Basically, even though you haven't ever searched for product X, your historic interests in products A, B, and C allow them to predict your interest in X, so you get ads for it. But from your perspective you're getting ads for something you've only ever mentioned in conversation, so it seems creepy. 
Only if you don't like explosions. 
At the same time, I don't know about Android but on an iPhone it's trivially easy to prevent Facebook accessing the camera and mic, and you still get the creepy ads. 
No need, the Wii version picks up proper 16:9 support from the PS2 port. It's just that the Wii is limited to 480p out, which doesn't look great on many modern TVs. I don't think it's too bad though, personally. 
Surely your uncle uses the same internet connection as you? That would explain it. 
This needs to be further up. It's certainly creepy, not because of nefarious spying, but because of how absolutely predictable people are when their actions across the internet are tracked and processed. 
  
  
Edit: Since the parent was deleted, here is the gist: The guy worked on targeted advertising. He said that they're not spying via camera or microphone, which would be far more processing than it's worth on that scale, and that instead cross-site tracking and cookies across the internet feeding data back to advertisers allow you to be incredibly predictable. Basically, even though you haven't ever searched for product X, your historic interests in products A, B, and C allow them to predict your interest in X, so you get ads for it. But from your perspective you're getting ads for something you've only ever mentioned in conversation, so it seems creepy. 
Very possibly, although it wouldn't surprise me if the whole app is 64-bit only 
Content blockers only support 64-bit devices, so the original mini is excluded.
Unless you're [Bill Bailey](https://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/spaced/images/f/f7/Bill_Bailey.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20121003204554), then it's totally fine.
Yeah, especially if you add on the cost of a Pencil and whatnot. As much as I like to try and buy the best model so it lasts longer, I'll probably end up getting a 128GB plain iPad which is still a good £200 cheaper than a 64GB Pro without a Pencil. 
> Our cheese, beer, cider, and chocolate are as good as anyone's  
  

I'd argue we have some of the best cider in the world as we seem to be one of the few nations that actually cares about it. As someone who doesn't really like beer, it's always disappointing when I go abroad and my only options are a €2 pint of the local beer or a tiny €4.50 bottle of imported Strongbow. I love that I can go into my local Morrison's on a Friday night and get three bottles of delicious 7-8% cider from a huge selection for a fiver. 
Don't forget that we're the only nation that can pronounce 'twat' correctly. 
I'm not sure why they even make other flavours to be honest with you. 
I've been very ill for the first time in my life these past few weeks, and this is what I've been immensely grateful for. Sure, you sometimes have to wait for stuff (other people are literally dying, so no problem) and the food isn't amazing (but it's a hospital, not a hotel - and it is free), but the quality of care has been outstanding every second I've been here and I don't have to worry about my life being financially ruined. Anyone that doubts this system just needs to experience it, it's truly fantastic.  
> Also their cold meats are the best I've ever had. 
  
100%, Polish delis are amazing even when you haven't got a clue what you're buying. Just pick a few slices of whatever looks nice (which is pretty much all of it). 
That sort of stuff will come with practice. It's certainly useful to keep on top of it, and to try to make a mental note of how others solve problems similar to yours (better yet, bookmark examples you find confusing, and return to them when you've had more practice), but focus primarily on writing succinct well-organised code. As you become more familiar you will start to notice situations in which you can use the fancier functional paradigms and slot them in as appropriate, but if you try to make it a top priority straight away you're at risk of writing needlessly complex code. 
A 24Hz movie can display more smoothly on a 120Hz display than a 60Hz display because 24 divides into 120 but not 60. Seriously if you just look up 3:2 pulldown like the guy suggested you'll see what he means. The vast majority of displays are fixed refresh rate, so to display the 24 source frames over the 60 screen refreshes you have to do some duplication which means you're not getting a true representation of the source. 
> That being said, I doubt I'll ever rewatch the UK version  
  
Likewise, I love the UK Office but after finishing the US series I'm not sure I could go back to it. I know it has somewhat of a happy ending but it's just so downbeat in comparison. I'm not sure I have it in me. 
Absolutely, although you will find Xcode to be a little cramped (then again, I find it to be cramped even on much larger screens), but it'll certainly do the trick. Do your research on upgradeability though, while I think the SSDs can be upgraded I don't think it's cheap or easy.
This times a hundred. Lately I've found it's not even a lack of data in Apple Maps–the search is just atrocious. Two examples I've notice recently:
  
1. My city has three or four roads called Sandy Lane (don't ask), all correctly labelled in Apple Maps, but without fail search will only bring up one
  
2. Tesco, the major UK supermarket, has some locations that are larger than normal stores called Tesco Extra. Searching for 'Tesco' on Apple Maps brings up *none* of the Tesco Extras. You have to specifically search for 'Tesco Extra', which then stops the normal sized Tescos from appearing.  
  
It's really not good.
I mean really, how much better could that have gone?
Yup, that's exactly why it annoys me. Well, that and 2560 being just about as close to '3K' as it is to '2K'. 
Licensing, probably. The whole album is likely licensed for normal purchase but only one or two are licensed for streaming. Quite common for compilations with lots of different artists. 
There is. 2560x1440, AKA 1440p, AKA QuadHD, AKA '2K' (an awful, awful name) is quite common for PC gaming. You don't see it in TVs because they tend to be less specialist and make larger, infrequent jumps based around standards. Whereas a PC can feasibly output whatever resolution you want, hence ultrawide monitors etc. 
If by default scaled mode you mean the standard resolution they come set to then yes, it'll play 4K content at native 4K res. 
Yeah, the GameCube was significantly more powerful than the PS2, just look at Resident Evil 4 for example. Its main issue was lack of developer support and the tiny 1.8GB discs. 
Yep, they want to boost adoption. It makes sense, considering that outside of Apple, support is almost non-existent. 
With a CPU-integrated controller on some models, which will bring costs down even further as there's no need for extra hardware. 
But is also fully cross compatible (USB-C mode). I was going to argue that TB switching to the C connector would confused consumers considering they look identical, but with the price I doubt many people would be buying Thunderbolt peripherals by accident. 
Not for long! Intel is opening it up and removing the licensing fees next year I believe, as well as integrating the controller into certain CPU lines. 
Yeah, by IMEI, which presumably Mazuma would require for exactly that reason. 
I learned to do it like that and now I can't remember the 'normal' way
Holy shit I have the green/orange thing too. I thought I was alone!
Megapixels really don't matter all that much unless you're planning on doing large prints. Modern smartphones are very good and serve for most people's needs, but they still don't hold a candle to expensive cameras, especially in difficult lighting situations. 
Direct machine instructions, in binary, via punch cards or even just flicking switches on and off in the right order. 
Maggie is a good girl 
I generally enjoy them, nice and greasy usually, and chip shops usually have that really cheap, sweet ketchup that's delicious. 
I don't like chips so I usually just get a burger and have done with 
Watermelon birb 
I really dislike the increasing prevalence of zero-rating here, Three has started zero-rating certain streaming services and Virgin zero-rates various Facebook services. It might not be against the letter of the EU net neutrality laws, but it's certainly against the concept. 
Hmm, I might actually have a go at that then...I've got at least one AGB lying around and broken 101s are certainly cheaper than working ones. 
Yeah the micro screen is great because of the higher pixel density, although it's not as saturated as the AGS-101 (though outside of a few games that look weird on the 101 it's really a personal preference thing). Also, out of the four or so micros I've owned I've yet to find one where the front plastic isn't horribly scratched. They're replaceable, but you can't get replacements anymore either :/
  
I'd say it's up there as the coolest Game Boy model though, it's so tiny. 
I've always wanted to buy one of those, there's people that will do them occasionally along with re-shells and glass screen lens'. I considered doing it myself but I'm quite clumsy and I'm not sure I could live with accidentally destroying a 101 screen knowing how much of a limited commodity they are. 
I literally cannot believe that friend codes are still a thing in 2017. 
No, which is a fair point, but at this point companies like Samsung should be leading by example as they have more than enough sway now. Except instead you get *their* shitware as well as the carrier's. Do they still do hardware branding? I feel like I read somewhere that they stopped but I'm not sure. 
They're very rare relative to the standard SPs, even more so outside of the US, I had to import mine. I haven't been able to find any numbers for production but just check eBay - for a good condition 101 it's usually about triple the price of a 001 and far fewer of them.  
  
They were released around the same time as the Game Boy Micro (also pretty rare for a Game Boy), which is also after the DS was released. So there wasn't a huge demand for them.
The actual limited run backlit SPs (AGS-101) are fantastic, but the vast majority are frontlit (AGS-001) and look pretty terrible and washed out. It was really nice to not have to sit under a lamp all the time though. 
Yup, in fact I think it was even worse than that - they wanted total control over the software. It's a shame more manufacturers didn't put their foot down. I don't understand why carriers think they should have that right, they're a dumb pipe and nothing more. 
It's definitely cause you're buying more expensive stuff, the cheaper stuff is still covered in it. There's often also a huge one detailing all the specs, for some reason. Like, I get that for a show model, but not a boxed retail unit.

I believe at one point Intel mandated or at least strongly recommended an Intel Inside sticker on all Intel-based products, but Apple were always like...fuck that 
Warwick had the same thing when I was a student. Every Monday morning a lorry would drive around campus collecting them to take back to Tesco. 
It's definitely vestibule. 
Bloodborne. There's nothing wrong with the game, I just suck at it, and I don't have the time or patience to grind in games anymore, even if it's more for practice than XP. After about the tenth straight time dying to Father Gascoigne I just said fuck it, this is not the experience for me. Returned it and bought DOOM, had a much better time. Part of me wants to return to Bloodborne and git gud just to prove that I can, but it just wasn't any fun. I'd be wasting my time and money. 
> Zelda Wind Waker for Gamecube - Everything about the triforce fetch quest at the end. Grinding for rupees, poorly done maps that leave lots of room for guess work, making the action come to a halt when I'm supposed to be saving the world....never gonna finish that game because of that section, and I love it otherwise.  
  
I'm so glad I didn't play this until the Wii U remaster. 
I don't get wireless charging. At best it's a minor convenience. Middling, it's frustrating because you can't really use it while it's charging. At worst it results in material compromise for the phone by requiring that at least part of the back housing has to be made of glass or plastic. I feel like moving back to glass from unibody aluminium now would be a major step back. 
I hate that you can't get 'dumb' TVs anymore. Off the top of my head I have 7 different devices that can get Netflix onto my TV and every single one of them is more reliable and more guaranteed to get updates than the TVs own app, yet I have to wait 30 seconds after turning it on before it stops lagging enough to change the input because an entire shitty OS and app stack has to launch. 
Yeah, soundtracks are by far the worst, followed closely by (ironically) compilation albums. But yeah, I get what they're trying to do, I just wish I could turn it off. It's just bizarre when it happens and the song is still available.  
> I would switch if it weren't so well integrated with my other devices.  
  
Yeah, I was a Spotify subscriber since it was still a closed beta but I never liked having to maintain two separate libraries for purchased/ripped music and for streaming.  
  
I've only had one issue with getting a different version of songs (rather than it just moving to a different album), and that was with The Moon and Antarctica by Modest Mouse. In the earlier days of Apple Music, before they rolled the full feature set of iTunes Match into it, I used to have to turn off Apple Music on my phone, sync manually, then turn AM back on. Fortunately it's no longer an issue as the ripped copy from my main machine is uploaded to my iCloud Library.
`var parent = {}`

`var child = { parent: parent }`

`parent.child = child`

Alternatively you could use classes and create and set the child in the constructor. That way every time a parent is instantiated a child also is. 
The iPhone is such a poor example to try to argue planned obsolescence though. While difficult to repair without expertise, it's no less reparable than other high end handsets, and is considerably more reparable than even other products Apple sells. The latest software runs on handsets from 5 years ago (and the iPhone 5 is actually still a usable phone), whereas I can't think of a single other phone brand that can say that. 

But the main point, which applies to all mobile phones, is that the vast majority of people have their phones either on contract or on 2-year payment plans. Total speculation but I'd guess 95% of people don't give a shit about their phone's longevity, as long as it makes it through those two years. Couple that with the insanely rapid progress in technological capability that phones have been going through for the last three years and it seems to me that trying to make a phone that will last as long as a good laptop or desktop is a fool's errand. Even if the materials hold up, it will just be too slow to do the sort of things most people would want to do by then. 
I was on one of those when it hit a deer. Was stuck 10 minutes outside Leamington for an hour while they inspected all the wheels etc. Other than a very sickening set of crunches all the way down the train, it was fine (the train I mean—the deer was fucked). 
I stopped reading their stuff when they published an article with the headline "Skunk made my son cut his penis off" (skunk as in the strain of weed that only really exists in newspapers). I had to double check I hadn't somehow stumbled onto the Daily Mail. 
APFS has an awareness of Fusion Drives that HFS+ doesn't, so if anything, once High Sierra comes out disk-bound performance should improve for Fusion Drive Macs. 
Nah it's a really common editing style for vloggers. Let's you cut out the 'um's and 'ah's without doing loads of retakes. 
Grass after it rains, concrete after it rains, a freshly opened pack of trading cards, coffee, and bread. In that order. 
Would rather have some top+bottom bezel and drop the rounded screen corners to be honest, I think they look dumb. They're my least favourite part of the S8 and G6.
Jet black is pretty grippy tho
> Will I notice significant differences between the two screens.

Yes.  
  
> Will this be an issue at all?  
  
Not really, it just won't look as nice. I was surprised to discover how well macOS handles a combination of retina and non-retina resolutions, it's completely seamless.
The internet is a bit of a weird one, because backhaul seems to manage just fine privately, it's actually getting wires into people's houses that's the issue. A nationalised, wholesale last-mile fibre scheme would be great and set us up nicely for the future, I just can't see it happening. FTTC is not an acceptable long term solution considering the state of the last mile of copper.  
  
But I agree, the current setup with Openreach is just stupid. A private company that's part of BT but that runs independently of BT that owns all the infrastructure, and requires constant oversight to make sure it's playing nicely? Who thought that would be a good idea?  
  
Although to be perfectly honest with you I don't want the current government anywhere near the internet. They fundamentally don't understand it, they fear it, and they're open to whispers from the traditional press and media who undoubtedly take umbrage that it is slowly killing their business models.
The typical response to your sentiment is 'but the world doesn't work that way'. Well it doesn't work that way because people keep fucking saying that things don't work that way. The whole point of democracy is letting people decide how things should work, and I'm sick of people treating the notion of creating a better world for everyone as a ridiculous unattainable pipe dream.
> Nationalising Railways
> The current trains are late all the time, slow, expensive, and overcrowded.
> People look to countries where the railways are more towards nationalisation (either literally, or part-owned, and/or more subsidised) and they see those train systems are better than ours.

Railways are also partial natural monopolies. There's no real competition because for most journeys there is only one option (because you can't just run trains willy nilly). Therefore there is no incentive to improve services. We subsidise rail franchises and they walk away with profit.  
  
We also have the problem of having the oldest railways in the world, which means some of the lowest loading gauges in the world and inability to add track due to the location of lines. It's the reason you don't see double decker trains in the UK, they just won't fit through tunnels and the like.
I've had this work once or twice but it's hit and miss for me unfortunately. Also only mildly less annoying than having to reboot. 
Yeah, that's my main issue too. I find myself all ready to head out but then have to piss about for a few minutes waiting for it to restart. Really takes the 'magic' out of the experience. 
I use the crown rather than the screen as much as I can, and I wipe it off with my shirt a couple of times a day. To be honest it's not a huge issue; like with the phone you can only really see the fingerprints when the screen is off. 
I definitely would if I could afford it. I still find it amazing that the '16 and '17 MacBook Pro 15" can do 4x 4K. I feel like they should be demoing that in Apple Stores because it's probably a sight to behold. 
For what it's worth, Xcode benefits from a larger screen in my opinion. I have a 13" and find Xcode frustrating to use; I'm constantly hiding and showing labels as I move around different screens, even on the 'looks like 1440x900 scaling mode'. I'm looking to get a 15" just so I can leave stuff open more without pushing the scaling up so far that everything is tiny. 
Definitely, I mean Jumper is literally a song about someone jumping to their death. And then the segment just carried on as if nothing had happened. 
What the hell was with the blood curdling scream followed by Jumper? I was listening in the car and no only did it scare the shit out of me, but it took me til the end of the act to work out whether he'd thrown himself in front of the train or not. 
Not the OP but I'd guess because most non-video content (i.e. word processors, text editors, web pages) benefit much more from vertical space than horizontal. The flip side of that argument is that wide displays let you have two pages open at once.  
This seems exactly like what I've been looking for. Antenna is lightning fast but kinda ugly and the official Reddit app is nice enough to look at but kinda clunky (especially the GIF issue). This seems like the best of both worlds. Really digging the auto-dark mode too as that was one of my favourite features from the official app. Feature request that could be part of Pro or even a separate small IAP so you can make a bit more money: alternate icons? They were introduced with 10.3 I think, and I'm not sure Reddit's stance on using Snoo in third party apps but it would be cool if there was an option for an app icon with that logo - just to make it a bit easier to find. 
Another nice thing would be the 'next root comment' button that the official app has, it's nice to save my lazy thumb from scrolling.  
  
Edit: I seem to have discovered a bug; when editing long comments, after a certain point the comment is cut off, so you can't edit anything past it. 
>  choose 5 to specialise in at A Level
  
Has it gone up now? When I did A-levels in 2010/11 the common path was four AS subjects and then drop to three for A2. Five was an option but only insane people did it and I think it required special provisioning at my sixth form to make sure timetables worked. Then again my sixth form wasn't the greatest so maybe that's why. 
Also wrong font. 
No problem. Good luck with the coding!
> document.write(people [0][4][2][1]); //I think I forgot a comma. This should work. ..the w in awesome? Nothing.  
  
You did indeed miss a comma, and now you've added it, that line works fine. The issue is, your two blocks beforehand are both missing commas but are still in the code. Being invalid statements, the parser stops when it reaches them and can't continue. Delete the two lines with errors and it will work fine.
I've found that recently, the app is great and the data is fine, but the search is fucking awful. There are at least three roads called Sandy Lane in my city, yet Apple Maps search will only display one, despite all three being correctly labelled. Searching for 'Tesco' (for anyone in the US - think Wal-Mart) doesn't bring up *any* Tesco Extras (huge Tesco stores with lots more things). I have to specifically search 'Tesco Extra'. I could understand if the bigger stores were called Tesextra or something, but my search term is *literally in the name*. 
I think it has to be voted on by the Commons before it's submitted to the Queen? So I think they mean they hope it's voted down. 
Oh I know, it's just maddening. Even tongue in cheek, you're right. If they're willing to enforce this on voters they should be subject to it themselves. I don't know how they have any shred of self respect left. 
Holy shit, why have I only just thought of this? I've had a nano running just to tinker with for ages - it's only just clicked that that's based in the Republic of Ireland and is therefore completely unaffected by the blocks we have here. And if I release the Elastic IP, it gets a brand spanking new IP address literally every time I reboot it.
You're kidding right? They exempted themselves from the Snooper's Charter. It really is one rule for them and one for everyone else. 
To be fair JetBrains IDEs (well, PhpStorm at least) have a typo inspection turned on by default. Always the first thing I turn off. 
I don't mind yearly big updates (in fact I dig the macOS tick-tock cycle, but iOS is a much less mature platform), but I think it's time they decoupled the system apps from the OS. It shouldn't take an OS upgrade to update Safari.
Makes me wonder if the next iPhone will ditch the power button. Sounds weird but why else would they have a gesture that essentially locks the device?
I read that as 'Intel' and spent a minute wondering when semiconductors got so political 
No they don't, *only* 27-inch is Fusion Drives as standard. Check the Store. 
At least it's fast, the real head scratcher is that 4K iMacs come with platter hard drives as standard, and 5K iMacs only ship with Fusion Drives as standard.
You'll be waiting a long time.
Lol, $5k for that computer is a bargain. We're not talking about gaming machines here, workstation chips work on totally different price scales. Xeons, CAD GPUs, and ECC RAM are fucking *expensive*, and that screen would be easily a fifth of the price by itself.
> On top of that, our second House is both unelected and includes hereditary nobility

The sad thing is, in the last few years at least, the Lords have provided some much-needed reigning-in of the government. I hate the idea of an unelected body taking part in our governmental proceedings (the Queen is purely ceremonial at this point, let's face it), but I fear what the government (particularly *this* government) would get away with without them.
Could it have been a [maned wolf?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maned_wolf) They look kinda like foxes on stilts. Only thing is, I don't know if they come in white, and they're native to South America. [Here's another shot](http://rewilding.org/rewildit/images/maned-wolf.jpg) showing their general lankiness.
Like a visual echo
Nope, polished aluminium. Unfortunately, glossy finishes scratch quite easily. On the plus side, they were up front about it. A lot of people have opted for the matte black instead because it keeps much better. 
I have never hated a politician as much as I hate this woman. I feel like she wants to pick apart everything I believe in as a member of society and make me watch as she sneers on.
Yeah that's a fair point actually. Part of the reason I haven't gone to them yet is that I don't want to make a special trip just to risk them looking at me like I'm insane. I can't image it's easy to demonstrate in a busy store. 
Interesting! I did briefly consider buying a pentalobe and playing around with it myself but then I thought nah, it's still under warranty, if it's getting fixed Apple are gonna do it. 
The UK government gets a lot wrong but the GOV.UK services are generally pretty great and are steadily getting better. I recently moved house and was able to get a new driving license with my new address, register to vote in my new constituency, update my address with Revenue and Customs, and set up a direct debit to pay my council tax, all quickly and all online. 
I've owned a 6 and 6s both without the issue - I'd like to believe that with the sheer volume of units they produce there is a large number of duds out there purely by small percentage of total volume, but still, it seems like this is quite common.  
Frustrating. If it was 1/3 the price I wouldn't give a shit, but c'mon, I've had a 6 and 6s (which both cost less than this) with the same basic design and this wasn't an issue at all. 
Do you mean the markings underneath the model number etc? Yes, unfortunately the EU has not followed the US in allowing that info to be displayed only in software, so I need a marking telling me to not put my £800 phone in the bin apparently...
That's another common suggestion for the cause, although it sounds and feels like it's coming from more in the centre of the phone than the seams. Either way it's more than a little concerning. 
If you haven't noticed it by now it probably won't be an issue. Some units will crack and creak under even very light lateral pressure, or when pressing harder than normal (like for 3D Touch). It's not like the phone is falling apart, but you can definitely hear the click in a quiet room. People seem to think it's related to the two screws in the bottom of the phone being loose.
  
Some have reported getting their phones replaced, others have reported the Apple Store tightening the screws for them and the issue going away, others have been told it's not a problem or it's endemic to the design.  
  
It's not a colossal issue by any stretch, but for an £800+ Apple product I expect flawless build quality.
Had mine since December, never had a case on it:

["Normal" light](http://imgur.com/a/dCnee)
  
[Bright light](http://imgur.com/a/B8QSc)

The scratches honestly don't bother me, but the fingerprints do. And the creaking, but I'm going to look into getting it replaced if possible as it seems to be a semi-widespread issue.
> If you was building an API which multiple front facing projects where using (or anything with a high req/s), then out of the box the Laravel config is no good but with that being said you would remove a lot of the bootstrapping like sessions if you was building an API anyway.

Lumen is great for this. It's Laravel, but geared towards services, with a lot of stuff removed and even more disabled by default.
> Debugging can be a real pain in the a- without a doubt laravel has some of the worst exceptions

Definitely, I think Laravel is fantastic and it's our primary framework at work, but the layers of bootstrapping it goes through makes stack traces absolutely useless. Exceptions related to configuration or pretty much anything before controller resolution fail to adequately describe the cause. For example, a misconfigured route will throw an exception 600 lines into a low level framework class.  
  
I'm not sure anything can really be done to fix it without seriously impacting performance, but I know when I was first learning Laravel it made things very confusing.
> And, just to finish off, go to your nearest phone store and look at the display units, severe burn in on all Galaxy phones, it's simply just unavoidable.
  
Agree with all your points but I'm gonna play devil's advocate and point out that display units are on near-permanently at 100% brightness. So they go green very quickly.

True, but it's a nice language with lots of modern amenities. I've never used Go though, so unfortunately I can't compare. 
Yeah, I'm a PHP developer and it's always nice to be able to work on projects running 7/7.1. Even 5.6 is fine with a decent framework. It's not a terribly exciting language to write but it does the job.

I've been meaning to check out TypeScript but to be honest I have little motivation to work on web dev at home when I've been doing it all day. I've been learning Swift in my spare time, it's a very nice language. Be interesting to see if it ever picks up any steam on the server. 
You can also do `cd -` to go back to whatever directory you were last in 
I need this a lot 
Maybe PHP 5.6 will become retro and cool  
I use it the vast majority of the time, but I did turn it off a few times in Majora's Mask 3D because the frame rate would tank. It's also annoying used in conjunction with the gyroscopic aiming. Super stable on the n3DS helps but it's not perfect. 
Xcode is a clunky buggy piece of crap but to be honest I'm glad it's not taking the 'everything plus the kitchen sink' approach. I love JetBrains products, I use PhpStorm every day at work, but I don't need source control management, a terminal, and a database client in my IDE. I already have external tools that do those jobs far better. 
Ugh, our legacy projects are littered with old commented-out code blocks and leftover 'dump and exit' methods from a time when apparently no-one knew what a debugger was. 

Sometimes, on paths less travelled, the developer forgets to actually comment the method out and it takes a long time for someone to notice that features have stopped working. Sometimes, on a really bad day, we'll catch one dumping plain text database and user passwords because they just happened to be in scope at the time.

I get where you're coming from man but I just don't see it. If there's one thing they're (in)famous for it's insanely high profit margins on the order of hundreds of dollars per unit - I just don't see how doing it 'for profit' would make sense when they'd gain pennies per unit at the expense of pissing off a lot of people. It didn't really bother me (although they should put it back), but they've driven a lot of people to at the very least hold off upgrading.
> force  
  
> provides free headphone adapter, and free headphones that don't require an adapter in the box

Look, it was a shitty move to take the headphone jack off and they shouldn't have done it, but the idea they did it for Lightning licensing is dumb. It's such an unbelievably tiny portion of they money they make. 
It's hard to say for definite. Back then it was a very different scene and I don't think people were benchmarking phones in a standardised way like they do now. The first three iPhones used off the shelf Samsung SoCs clocked at 400-600MHz. 
  
The HTC HD2 from 2009 was among the first Snapdragon phones, and being clocked at 1GHz would have been substantially faster at least on paper than its contemporary iPhone 3GS (although I owned one and as a phone it was a total POS), so there would have been a pull ahead there for a while I guess. 

Android phones have pretty much always had more RAM than iPhones though. 
 > special cables and hardware for everything

That's pretty much just a misconception these days. The only proprietary port they use now is Lightning on their iOS devices. Their laptops are all USB-C and Thunderbolt 3 (which is an Intel standard even though everyone thinks it's something Apple created) and I don't think any of their computers have used non-standard ports for years. They even got rid of their propriety charging port, which is a shame because it was one of the best things about their laptops. 
> iPhones have slower hardware and much smaller batteries

The second part is true but the first definitely isn't. Pretty much for as long as Apple has been designing their own silicon, they've been either among or outright the fastest phones on the market for the first six-ish months after release. Usually by the time the new Samsung and other flagships launch in the following March/April they edge out the iPhone on multi-core benchmarks by a small amount. In single-threaded workloads Apple's chips absolutely dominate though. Nothing in the Android world is even close. 
When the 5s first came out I wondered if it was the first step towards matching the longevity of computers, i.e. on the scale of 5-10 years rather than 2-3, depending on your needs and battery notwithstanding. It was the first widely used mobile 64-bit CPU and doubled the peak performance of the iPhone 5. Seems like it's the case - the iPhone 5 is still supported with software after nearly 5 years, so the 5s is due to stay supported at *least* through most of 2018. And from what I hear those phones are still more than usable on the latest software, which you couldn't really say about the 4 or 4s on iOS 7/9. 
To be fair the Facebook app is a piece of shit on any and all platforms. You're likely better off with the mobile site anyway. 
The battery cases they sell do a decent job of that but add minimal bulk (at the expense of being weirdly shaped - although there are plenty of normal shaped third party alternatives). I know it's an extra purchase but you can bet if they ever did do a fatter model with more battery, it would cost more than the standard one. 
> If you put technology aside
If you put technology aside and just look at the physical connector aspect, Lightning is way better than USB-C. Holds much much firmer, and doesn't have a 'tongue' inside the port that could potentially break (micro USB also had that problem). 
To be fair, Bing has a decent chance because it's backed by a search engine. That must provide a huge leg up for stuff like business locations and opening times. 
I've found Apple Maps usually has the data I need, but the search is absolutely trash at times. Example: there are three roads called Sandy Lane in the city I live in (no idea how that came about, that's England for you I guess). All three are correctly labelled, but if I search 'Sandy Lane' or 'Sandy Lane, $myCityName', only one shows up. The rest of the search results are miles away. 
And yet, I wish they would adapt Material Design on iOS to look more native. There's not a single native iOS UI control in most of Google's apps. Don't get me wrong - Material is beautiful and stock Android looks amazing now, but inconsistency with the rest of the platform is horrible. It's like using iTunes on Windows (except Google's apps are actually good).  
Don't worry, it can play PS1 games. OP is mistaken. 
No it didn't...
I don't like this. For a start how are you gonna shoot someone on a train without taking out 14 bystanders?
Man I've spent the last five minutes trying to work out if Reddit added parallax scrolling to their mobile app, and why it wasn't working on any other content 
Someone seems to have invited a bunch of Daily Mail commenters to this thread. 
> The UI always felt better. MacOS 10 has always (I think) been GPU rendered, the windows always loved smoothly. I recall in Windows if the system got over loaded it would leave window and mouse trails. Not sure if this is still the case.  
  
Unfortunately, I don't find this to be the case anymore. Ever since getting a retina machine, the amount of dropped frames during the 'sweeping' animations (switching between full screen spaces, opening Mission Control etc) has been a real disappointment.  
  
The thing is though, I'm not even sure it's a horsepower problem. If I use the keyboard to switch rather than it tracking the mouse gesture, it almost never drops frames. And once I've done it once, it's then smooth for a while after (maybe it caches keyframes or something? Idk). Either way, I thought Metal on macOS would be a return to smoothness but it has not been the case. 
Needs more jQuery
US and Canada only though. That's Apple's main advantage, some of their services aren't as good as Google's but you can actually use them even if you're not American. 
> US only.  
  
That seems to be a running theme with Google IO. My girlfriend is still waiting for Assistant on her Nexus 5X
> Phil LaMarr (Justice League, Samurai Jack)  
  
Don't forget Metal Gear Solid 2 and 4 and *Pulp Fiction*
They're just really cool. Ultra pocketable and okay to play unless you have large hands or poor eyesight. My main issue is that the front panels seem to be made of the softest plastic known to man, so I haven't been able to find any that aren't scratched to shit apart from super expensive new-in-box or nearly-new units. For that reason I pretty much always go for my AGS-101 instead. 
Annoyingly, because eBay compresses the hell out of photos, it's often difficult to tell. I've owned three or four and always end up disappointed with the condition. Looks like OP got a really good one here though. 
If they push the screen to the edge of where the glass starts to curve in the 6/7 design, and shrink the chin and forehead a bit, I'll be happy. I just want the same size screen in a smaller, lighter body (the 7 Plus is pretty fuckin' heavy. Not a deal breaking by any stretch but enough to surprise me when I took it out of the box). 

I also don't want a 2:1 or 18.5:9 screen. A shitload of web and TV content is 16:9, I don't want pillarboxing on that and *still* have letterboxing on anamorphic video.

Also, while we're here, no glass back please. Couldn't give less of a shit about wireless charging, I'd rather have a phone that can take a drop on at least 50% of its sides. 
Oh yeah I know, in fact most will either unlock it any time, or in the case of EE, 6 months into your contract. I was just saying it's not prohibited here. 
In the U.K. they can absolutely network lock phones (and most do). 
> Why flux when there's night shift?  

I agree with this one, now we have native support there's no need for Flux. 

> Why bear when we already had notes?

I use Notes for smaller things, like information I might only need for a short time, passwords to accounts I only ever access via phone (so not really suitable for Safari's password manager), a list of what games I've completed in the past year, etc. I use Bear for longer form ideas, like if I'm developing something and I have a feature idea, or if I want to outline something a bit more complex. Main reason is that being able to type in Markdown doesn't slow me down nearly as much as having to the awkward highlight-hold-select loop that formatting in Notes requires.   
  
As for Magnet, it's equivalent in functionality to BetterSnapTool, the fork of BetterTouchTool that only has window snapping. Mainly just down to personal preference on that - I use Magnet because I found it before BTT, and because I don't need any of the advanced functionality BTT offers. 
I really wish I could shim Google Maps data into Apple Maps, especially with how useful the Watch app is with the wrist taps. I keep trialling switching to Apple Maps but it just fails at basic search so often.
It's a fantastic game but a really disappointing entry to the MGS franchise. You'll enjoy it no doubt, but if you're a big fan of previous MGS games you might end up with a bit of a sour taste in your mouth by the end.
Overcast now supports Watch syncing and the developer said he worked with Apple to get it working. It's incredibly unreliable in my experience, but it is officially condoned by Apple.
You can choose one playlist to sync to it (I just do a Smart Playlist of my 250 or so most-listened to songs so I don't have to think about updating it).
Also, as of the latest version, Overcast can sync podcasts to the Watch for offline playback. It's janky as fuck though, I've only been able to get it to work once out of 10+ times trying. Hopefully it will improve in the near future though, it seems to be that the frameworks in watchOS for file transfers are less than great rn.
Seems you're right; at first glance it looked like someone had badly photoshopped the box art onto a label template but that's how it actually looks. 
Bad N Rad, Lion King, Brother Bear, and it's hard to tell from that angle but I *think* DK Country is too, but I could be wrong on that one. 
Not too surprising, the 7 Plus 128GB is £819. If these rumours are accurate it will likely be between £899 and £949 which is a hell of a lot, but for the past three years I've been selling my previous phone for about half or more the value of the new one, so it's much more palatable. Still a lot of money of course, but at this point it's my primary computing device. My laptop has pretty much been relegated to a work-only device.  
Just a heads up, a few of those games are bootlegs. I don't know if you're bothered at all but a lot of people don't realise. Good deal for the hardware though!
A lens flare, probably
The last 17" MacBook Pros were released in late 2011
Depends, I'm not sure I could get out of the house 
No, I don't associate with emacs users ;) 
I've never met a single person that uses emacs
It's Icelandic 
I always wondered what would happen if an app's menu bar items exceeded the width of the screen. Now I know. 
When I subscribed to Spotify then Apple Music I replaced all my pirated music with streaming versions, and deleted the small amount of stuff I couldn't stream. I know they don't get much, but some money is better than no money. 
It reads like the blurb they print on cans of Monster Energy
If we're talking a single item, and not things that could make me more money like shares or investments, I'd get a Tesla Model S. I'm not a car guy at all but I lust over that thing. It's obviously something well within reach for many people, but it's so much more expensive than anything I could afford. The best thing about it is that it would cost less to run than my girlfriend's little purple Peugeot 107, which is what I drive now, so I wouldn't even have to worry about upkeep. 
It's down to the banks to implement it. Some banks show Watch transactions on the phone transaction history, I think some even show normal card purchases on there. Unfortunately none of the banks I'm with do. 
Was gonna say, at £2.19 for a 330ml can it'd better be unicorn piss or printer ink. 
There are worse panels out there sure, but considering the cost of the laptop, it's an objectively bad screen. The resolution is usable even though it's not retina (I'm glad they went with 1440x900 and not 1280x800), and there's no weirdness like ghosting or flickering. But, being a TN panel, the colour reproduction is mediocre and the viewing angles are awful. You tilt that thing more than about 20 degrees vertically and your colours will start inverting fast. If they'd have kept the same resolution but switched to an IPS panel it would be way better.
God I'd love one of these. Faceplate scratches have been the one thing letting down every micro I've bought, and the third party one I got was terrible. 
And a really, *really* bad screen by any modern standards.  
Yup, every time I search for Game Boy Micros on eBay I get a ton of 'Game Boy Macro's made from the bottom half of a DS Lite. They're ugly as fuck.
Overcast recently added offline Watch-only playback, if anyone is interested.
Solid list. Another one to check out is SF Mono, the monospaced version of San Francisco, Apple's semi-recent replacement for Helvetica. It looks good and personally I find it very easy to read.  

If you have a Mac you can pull the font files out of the Xcode bundle, or I think someone has also uploaded them to GitHub. Had no issues installing them on my Linux machine at work. 
> And only composite connection

Which is a shame, cause even though I'm sure very few people used component relative to the volume of Wiis out there, it's is the only way to get output that looks even remotely okay on a large modern TV.
> It does raise demand and perception of the items as must have.

But this is a really dumb thing to aim for when you aren't going to be producing any more. Supply and demand doesn't really work when you completely stop supply.
No, it changes the text, if it didn't it would be a pointless feature as you'd end up with a mixture of tabs and spaces in files.

But please, tell me more about how your opinion is the only thing that isn't bullshit.
It's common behaviour in any modern IDE or editor: detect the file's existing indentation style, and have the tab key match that. I prefer spaces over tabs, so the tab key, in most files I work on, inserts four or two spaces. It means you don't get mixed tabs and spaces with multiple contributors, and you don't have to sit there hammering space over and over again like an idiot. 
Very true. I've been doing a lot of Vue single file components lately and doing different indentation sizes in the same file would be insane. 
I...don't actually know. Everyone else seems to do it so I just folded it into my world view. It makes sense for HTML cause it's so verbose that you quickly end up off the end of the page. 
Tab key inserts four spaces (two for JavaScript, HTML, and CSS). The one truth(TM). 
To be fair the regular sized New 3DS is pretty much where the DS Lite was.  
Step 1: buy an external hard drive larger than your internal drive, plug it in, and follow the Time Machine setup. This will net you a quick, easy access, locally available backup with versioning (so if you fuck up a file you can restore a previous version). It will automatically back up whenever you plug it in and you can store other files like movies on there too as long as there's space, although I'd advise against it.  
  
Step 2, more importantly: go sign up at backblaze.com. It's $5 per month per computer to back up literally as much data as you have, no limits. The initial backup can take a while depending on your internet connection but after that it's incremental. Off-site backup is super important cause if your house burns down or someone steals all your shit you can just redownload all your data. If you need it desperately they'll even overnight you a drive with all your data on it for like $100. But with how inexpensive the main service is it's invaluable. 
> All for a phone?  
  
Casting aside the value of insurance, phones are the primary computing device for a *lot* of people now. It's not a crazy idea that people are happy to spend a lot of money. My laptop cost about 1.5 times what my phone did but I probably use my phone twice as much. 
I like VSCode. Takes a little while to start up but once it gets going it's very fast. I tend to have a directory open per window that stays open for days, so it's no big deal. Plugin support is decent too. Although I only really use it for JavaScript, which I don't write an awful lot of. If I start to do much I'll probably check out WebStorm as I'm a big PhpStorm fan. 