You’re confusing Automatic Emergency Braking (a sensor or camera detects when a collision is imminent and applies partial or full force braking) which is available on both hybrids and non hybrids with Regenerative Braking which sends energy that would be lost by braking into the hybrid battery. 

FWIW, you can get AEB on school buses but it’s a relatively recent option. 
I can see the legitimacy of this question especially if you’re in your late 20’s or older. It looks like a activity that requires you to be relatively young and spry to grok at first glance. 

As someone whose in that over 25 age range coming here seeing those posts of encouragement and getting validation that you’re not too over the hill to learn is nice. 
Good eye! I'm planning to go to the MD date so this saved me a click. 
If something's trying to execute then clearly it's not all gone.

Have you run a AV scan with a AV that's up to date?
Have you followed up with a scan from something like MalwareBytes?
Those KWalks - 👌
Thanks! Yeah it's fine, they were able to glue things shut so hopefully it heals ok. It just sucks that I have to wait for all this stuff to get better.
Holy shit these are nice. 
I had a similar experience this past week. I was trying to cook a healthy dinner when I chopped through my thumb nail trying to cut onions. 

Cue a trip to urgent care that evening that took hours. Ended up going to Arby’s for dinner. 

Can’t use my thumb for 10 days including getting it wet or making food - so subway, McDonald’s, the grocery store hot bar, etc. it blows. 

Countering it by realizing that It’s just two weeks does help. And for you it’s merely a day. 

Onward and upward! 👍
It happens a lot here. 19 is still s vulnerable age - you may be in college paid for by your parents, you might be living at home. 

I could easily see someone 19, even 20, being pressured to do this here for fear of seemingly losing access to their future. 

It’s a damn shame. 
If Central PA didn’t skew heavily republican I suspect we would have passed it by now. 

Because it does, I doubt we’ll get it passed anytime soon. 
This isn’t new. It’s been a cornerstone feature of Roku  for years. 
The ZF 8 speed is amazing. You're referring to the 9 speed auto box that's been used in Honda/Acura and Chrysler products.

Loving the colorway on those.
I know these are shitposts but FR, if that really happened to you, I'm sorry...hopefully things go alright. 
Welcome, it's a addiction for sure haha. 👍
>  At least not comparable to an employee where you have to manage wired access, devices, provisioning, vpn, app access etc. Hell, i bet most of your faculty doesn't even get company issued devices.

LMFAO. I have no words....

The shitty part is, its not even just among system administrators - even the tech media have this stigma about school IT staffers abilities (or lack thereof). It really surfaced when they were discussing the Apple Edu event.

I know there's bad apples in every field but damn...we're not all idiots. 
This. I saw em and was like "they're alright..." but this is too cool.
Why not both?
not OP but yeah that's a Ignis. Really wish Suzuki was able to still offer cars in the US, the Ignis would be a fun little ride.
K12 IT Guy here, MS gives pretty decent discounts on things like SCCM and Windows licensing for EDU. That price could very well be accurate. 
You can tell Google Maps to avoid highways. Not sure if it'd avoid a parkway - it depends on if it classifies the one you want to avoid as a highway I guess.
It's probably due to the cars being aimed exclusively at older folks. Increasingly these older people don't want cars that remind them they're old (can you blame them?) - so they buy compact CUV's that not only look more youthful but are actually handier for how they actually live. The CUV's have higher H-Point for "slide over" seating and a commanding view of the road, hatchback cargo space for their antiquing/grandkids detritus, etc.

Younger people want a car that looks exciting or (to us car enthusiasts) drives exciting. None of the cars in full-size do that save for Charger and Taurus SHO - the latter is fast in a straight line but isn't a corner carver...something younger enthusiasts want.

New VW Arteon checks off the looks boxes and will probably be competent behind the wheel but fun? Who knows...

There's also size - to many, full size cars are just too big for their daily lives, esp when a mid-size gives decent space in a cheaper package.
I use 3D touch a lot. Safari previews in apps is handy and I use the feature on the homescreen to switch between accounts in Instagram. 

Sounds like I'll be looking at higher end iPhones :/
Those are honestly the first 1/97's that I like.
Fiesta would likely be a money loser...it's a segment that's just too small here. Focus has the opportunity to get more buyers. 

Taurus, while a storied nameplate, is in the full size segment that's doing even worse than the mid-size one where Fusion plays.
Taurus is dated and coming from someone who owned a 92 SHO and loved it, I was let down by the lack of interior roominess of the current gen. It's also a bit too flabby compared to the lithe 92 car. 

The Fusion Sport should have gotten sportier steering and became the baby SHO.
This stinks. I've really liked Ford's car lineup, esp compared to GM's offerings in the various segments. I've driven both a current Fusion, Fiesta ST and Focus and aside from the Focus' transmission, I was pleased with the feel of each vehicle. I am glad that we'll get one Focus variant though.
Explorer will be rear drive along with Aviator. I wonder if CD4 is rear drive capable? If not then it'd be on a different/new platform.
Nope, they're apparently committed to building cars at Lincoln. 
Yeah but in a impressive reverse TARDIS move (esp coming from the cavernous Five Hundred/Taurus predecessor that shared its Volvo derived platform) the current Taurus and Explorer are freaking tiny inside for their size.
Completely agree, Janoskis are dope. Those hazelnuts look great OP.
Agree 100%. Same with Chucks, IMO.
Agreed, I'm kinda shocked tbh. Oh well, the green and blue CWs are still dope. 
Oh believe me, there's IC/International/Amtran/Ward fans, Thomas fans and Blue Bird fans among school bus drivers lol. 
IKR? I'm stoked to see them with Coheed and Cambria and The Story So Far this summer. It's gonna be lit.
I was a senior in high school. Damn time flies...

I still play at least one song from most of these each week.

If anyone's into emo and pop punk, check out r/emo and /r/poppunkers 

We out here. 👍
No worries fam! 
Oh I totally agree. Was definitely not suggesting it’s ok for a 14 year old to date a 22 year old man. 

Apologies if it came across that way. 
I was gonna say “wrong!” then I realized you weren’t talking about us fans....

*thinks about how many bands end up having a fucked up member or two*

You’re totally right. 

Honestly it’s the maturity level. Girls mature mentally faster than guys do - guys brains are changing well into their mid 20’s. So it makes sense that women would date older to find someone in a similar mentality as them. 

Edit: y’all really think I’m defending pedofiles? Really!? Cause I’m not, 22 dating 14 is obviously unacceptable behavior. 
Get a laptop. Why? Because:

> dorms aren't the largest

Your desk likely isn't the largest around - I had to set up a desktop in like 2008 (my laptop's ram died the week before finals week) and between the tower, CRT monitor and peripherals I had zero work space. 

Sure, you'll use a LCD now but still, you'll have to account for the tower unless you shove it behind the display or your dorm desk was like mine and had a pull out rollable nightstand/drawer combo that you could push elsewhere and shove the tower underneath.

If you're still interested in splitting, you could get a Chromebook for pretty cheap...
why not both?
Awesome. I’ll check it out!
*Furiously scribbles notes on what wheels to buy for our perpetually terrible roads* (I live in semi rural york county)
Yup. Those are it. Subtle af imo...
No idea. Other colorways are more readily available (and some like the “controller” SK-8 His command a decent amount on eBay) but a lot of em are too “busy” for my taste. 
Sorry man, glad to know I’m not the only one jonesing for em
Yeah they’re nowhere. I too looked in like 5 apps and EBay again last night with no luck. 
Consider this put in my calendar for October 1st...
The “Console” colorway Nintendo Old Skools are my white whale. I slept on em and I kick myself for it. 
Dude this is awesome! Motivational AF. Can't wait for Friday when I can go board shopping.
You're not missing anything trust me haha.
Nope! Boys Like Girls. They were Emo/Pop-Punk for the first two albums then BAM "Crazy World" came out and it was just like "ew no" lol
I can't remember off the top of my head but there's another band in that era that was solidly pop-punk then veered into the weeds and started doing straight up country music.

Bizzare.
Ayyy Stereo Skyline! It's like I'm in a pop-punk time warp
For some reason Owl City's lumped into pop-punk...I don't see it personally but still dig his tunes.
28 here. It's so true it hurts. 
Tis but a flesh wound! 

Honestly that’s just breaking em in, they’ve got plenty of life to go. 
Nice, I’ve been thinking about getting the old skools now. You totally should, they’re great. 
Those are Jordan Ultra Flys - https://www.footlocker.com/product/model:259199/sku:34268602/jordan-ultra.fly-mens/red/black/
I was gonna suggest Nike Court lows but that's not it. 

If you look inside the shoe on the tag behind the tongue or on the side, you'll find the Nike style number. It's usually in this format: ######-###

Put that into Google and you'll probably find a match.
Taco socks ftw 👍
The PowerShift AT was/is the major reliablity woe for those.

The MT ones are fun to drive and reliable. The interior's nicer than a Fit as well. I'd rock one.
The wait for new TSSF is torture, lol.
I low key wanted one of those so badly as a kid. 

Of course, I’m black so it probably wouldn’t have worked well, if at all. 
It pulls me underrrr.....
No one else in the department does but I’ll give it a go! 

Thanks! 
Are knit/not khaki joggers appropriate for casual friday in the workplace? 

For background: I am a IT guy in k-12 education, wear a polo, khakis and dress shoes most of the time but on Friday’s I wear a t-shirt (usually a punk band t), jeans, and sneakers. I am a bigger dude, 5’11 270 lbs but working hard on shrinking that considerably. 

I’d like to show off my kicks in ways other than just pinrolling jeans and joggers seem like a obvious solution. 

I just don’t know if it’s too casual...
> This is one reason why John Hopkins hospital is controversial when it comes to the treatment of intersex and transgender people.

Wow, I had no idea that they were problematic. Maybe it's a good thing I didn't get a IT job there....
Buying a rebuilt car isn't the best idea IMO. You'll pretty much have to be committed to drive it into the ground as the resale value just won't be there.

I strongly recommend that you have any used car Pre-Purchase Inspected by a shop in the area that you choose. - doing this saved me from buying a car that looked great on the surface but would have been a massive mistake. 

It's a extra 80 to 100 bucks to account for, and you can't drive away in the new car right away but it's worth it. 
AWD for Sedona is a no brainer IMO - since Stow N' Go is FCA exclusive (and apparently patented so well it's nigh impossible for anyone else to imitate), there's likely space for a driveshaft that would be wasted otherwise. 
Flex EcoBoost? Stock they're fast as hell and with a tune + some other mods?! Hoo boy: 

https://youtu.be/2965reullw0?t=43
I'll always upvote City Lights. 
At least for me, they were great doing arenas. They killed it in Hershey IMO.
Yikes! I’ll definitely buy something decent then!
I’ll keep this in mind. Was thinking about checking out a local shop to support em/get personalized help. I’ll definitely look here as well! 
Dude thanks for the welcome!

I can def afford a new one, so I’ll do that. It’ll probably ensure I’ll fully commit to this challenge as well. 👍
I'd personally go with the Mazda, but I care about driving dynamics - the CX-9 is generally regarded as the best handling 3 row CUV. I also think it looks great, very distinctive. 
Those Golden Coast Authentics are niiiiceee!
I need to up my photo taking game (of which I have none)! Nice pic!
> They're "Old Skool Reissue (Varsity) Blue"


They're "Old Skool Reissue (Varsity) Blue" 
God damn, I Call Fives were so fucking good...
The support changes, while still great in my experience, has been an adjustment to get used to.

I miss dealing exclusively with our TAM for anything tech support related, that was really nice and something that set them apart. I could see how it could be unsustainable over time though.
> Stick with an established brand like Lulzbot, Prusa, SeeMeCNC (my personal recommendation) or even MakerBot if your budget can afford it.

This. This. This. Cannot stress this enough. We got burned by New Matter's closing - got two out of five of em not working right at the moment, boss is ready to throw in the towel since the MakerBots have been largely trouble free for us.
Vans Outlet is amazing if you're near one. I'm not so I hit up places like Nordstrom Rack, Tillys, etc.
I will never not love this colorway and they're probably the pair I wear the most. Sweet pickup. 
I'm in York, saw that Mango bathroom ad 2 times since I got home at 5 and cringed. It just played a few min ago and I immediately came here to see if anyone else saw it. 

Freaking insane. Both Wagner and Mango aren't really people I'd vote for but the bickering political ads for both of them have been airing here in Central PA for weeks now, ramping up in negativity and mudslinging in the past week or so. 
They're Era Pros but unfortunately I don't know the exact colorway. 
Hah yeah I've had similar moments both at that job, in the dining hall, running between classes. Those episodes were fantastic.

Not the same format at all (comedians doing fast food reviews and chatting about general culture vs. "news") but the [Doughboys](https://doughboys.libsyn.com/) podcast does the same thing to me today, it's absolutely hilarious with some "low brow" moments in each episode. 
Same here. Listening to those episodes got me through so many late nights at work as a college kid
The barrel was what's up - so many family memories, picnics, summer nights, just perfect.
They're simple, I like it! 
“Son I’m not upset....just disapp...fuck it, why are you in love with your goddamn car?!”
I like both but definitely have more pairs of Vans than Chucks. Here's my latest pair of the latter:
https://i.imgur.com/4yrQrzo.jpg

I had a 18 Altima SV rental for about 3 weeks while my car was in the shop.

OP, it's a solidly nice car. I'm not a fan of the CVT transmission or the steering but for getting from point A to B in comfort it'll do that just fine. 

Keep up on the maintenance especially in regards to the CVT. The Nissan ones tend to be more failure prone than traditional automatics and other brands (Toyota, Honda) CVTs.

Glad you're appreciative of your Grandpa's gift - a lot of people aren't nearly as lucky - My first car was a 92 Saturn that was buzzy, slow, and paid for entirely by myself. :P
Is the Outback really a SUV? Even jacked up, it's still a nicely proportioned station wagon in my eyes. 
I've spent plenty of time in the passenger seat of the current gen Accord Sport 2.0T. 

The car deserves to sell so much better than it is. IMO it looks fantastic, the interior punches above it's weight when it comes to appearance, switchgear look & feel (each button is well damped and has a tactile/audible "click" that wouldn't be out of place in a entry level Audi....), infotainment, etc. 

The 2.0T feels punchy, the 10 speed is amazingly well done - I prefer the power delivery compared to the Camry V6 my friend who was shopping in this segment also test drove. I should have given the dealer my licence so I could get a taste...having massive regret now.

If I had a way to describe it - it's Euro design and quality minus the supposed potential reliability woes.

If the next version of the Accord gets cheaper materials inside, less options (buh bye manual?)  and a dulled down design + driving experience, that'd be a real shame. 

MSRP between a Accord LX and a Camry L are within a hundred bucks of each other but the Accord gives you so much more for your money. I know that, in this segment, out the door price matters though so if Toyota is gonna give you more cash or a cheaper lease, I could why people are going for the Camry.

I'm 28. I get the appeal of crossovers having owned a XJ (not a crossover but the hatch's cargo flexibility, ride height, all weather driving capability was appealing) and think several (the Mazda CX's, the new Santa Fe, the new Tiguan) are really nice looking but dammit I'm in a sedan again and really want another one when the Kia's paid off almost just to be a contrarian against the CUV horde.

I'll say it right now - finding a 2.0T Sport 6-Speed Accord is gonna be like finding a needle in a haystack given the low sales numbers overall. It'll probably be worth some additional $$$ on the used market too if well cared for.
You act like extra peaches in cobbler is a bad thing?!
Glad to know someone else thinks the same way when they see these lol
Damn, you guys pretty much summed up my thoughts on it. To add...

*I was hoping for a cheaper MBA with more modern specs (how about a Mac Mini that isn't from 2014 btw...)

*iPad management is still harder than it should be. As the resident "tablet guy" in my district, when they work...it's great...when they don't work I enter troubleshooting hell. Right now dealing with a bizarre issue - Good thing Apple Support is going above and beyond to help but man. 

*Classroom for Mac is interesting, we use ARD now for our labs...may look at this instead for teacher ease of use.

*Why can't teacher Managed Apple ID's browse the app store? This would solve the whole "why are my texts on my ipad?" and "I bought $50 worth of apps, what do you mean I have to switch to a district Apple ID?!?" issues we get sometimes. 

The chrome tablet is very cool IMO, but if it's one thing the iPad has a stranglehold on is good educational apps - if those apps aren't on Android....it's a hard sell to the teachers.
Here's a link to the recording: https://www.apple.com/apple-events/march-2018/
You can enter your transaction online, if you don't see it applied to your Family profile: https://www.vans.com/shop/VFLoyaltyMemberDisplay?langId=-1&pageName=receiptClaim&storeId=10153
Makes sense for the new tablets. I like this a lot.
I've had the green/gum authentics for years, they're great. Nice pickups, love the  SK-8 Hi's.
This is what disappoints me the most, you'd think they'd make it in a plus size as well now...
I like fish (had long John silvers yesterday)

Can confirm, do not want fish again. 
This guy waters
As a former pharmacy tech trainee, It can take a bit of time.

You gotta look up the customer in the computer, go get the medicine, if it’s pills you gotta count em. Controlled substances IIRC you gotta count twice. Then the pharmacist has to verify that you filled it right. Then it gets sorted and placed in the correct alphabetical bin by checkout. 

Some medicines the pharmacist actually has to “make” (think adding water to a powder to make a liquid medicine) so that takes time. 

I was a regular store employee who tried it back there for the opportunity of more pay but goddamn I don’t know how those guys handle it. Absolutely felt like I was working in slow motion while everyone else was flying. 

It was too overwhelming, I quit the training program and returned to my meager regular store hours. 
Nice collection! 
I wanted these so bad as a kid. I have no shame in admitting that I have eBay saved searches for em. Sweet pickup. 
Late as hell to this but whatever lol.

Decided I needed some purple today:
[Imgur](https://i.imgur.com/q2uenub.jpg)

Nice, Wore mine for St Paddy's day. :)
Totally hear ya - people are always shocked when they find out that I'm not into geek culture in the slightest - comics, video games, Star Trek, LOtR, Star Wars, etc. 

I just like tech. *shrugs*
I’ve used PAD on a few merchant sites, namely Absolute Merch for band merch and Premier Skateshop for sneakers. 
Doing a reddit search to see if someone posted it elsewhere showed that many people felt "burned" that they accidentally chose pay after delivery.

Maybe that's why they killed it. Still dumb.
I just got a ‘12 Forte so I guess I’ll keep a eye on this.
Definitely not. It’s intended for use on highways. https://arstechnica.com/cars/2018/02/the-cadillac-ct6-review-super-cruise-is-a-game-changer/

The ars mobile site has a terrible vodka ad overlaying much of the article so if that doesn’t work for you, here’s another review where the author compares AutoPilot 2 with Super Cruise http://www.thedrive.com/tech/17083/the-battle-for-best-semi-autonomous-system-tesla-autopilot-vs-gm-supercruise-head-to-head
Cadillac has SuperCruise and it’s legitimately hands free. 

Only downsides are that you can only use it on divided highways that GM has mapped but that’s nearly all of them in the US and Canada IIRC, and that it insists that you stay looking ahead through the windshield. 
Just the children’s seats you put on the actual seats in the car. 
Will do first thing Monday buddy! (The printer is at work)
You’re definitely looking at older Toyotas. Stuff from 07 to literally right now save for a few newly redesigned models have garbage interiors compared to 80’s and 90’s Toyotas let alone competitors from both America and abroad. 

Hell, I still think the XV10 Camry has a nicer interior (in terms of quality) than the new one. 
I’m late as hell but you wouldn’t happen to still have the upper extruder would you? 
bruh...
Full disclosure: I love small Euro compact vans like this, the Latin America spec Doblo Adventure, etc...

It would help if they actually advertised the damn thing.

Seriously, though, every Ford MPV/minivan sold here has had near zero advertising on TV in my 28 years on earth. Maybe a launch ad or two for Freestar/Windstar and Aerostar but that's it. I've never seen a ad for the TC either for business types or for the families they also started courting with the current gen.

The people who may know about it don't realize just how nice a nicely specced current gen XLT or Titanium TC is - it's a far cry from the original model - which got a premium trim in response to surprisingly high personal use/family sales.

Maybe intro a fun sporty trim (built on the short wheelbase model) aimed at the young (who want something different and quirky a'la early XB) and young at heart like a parent who wants something fun as a personal DD but need something practical for toting around a kid or two occasionally. - It rides on the Focus platform and the SWB had the 1.6 Ecoboost as a option - Transit Connect ST anyone? 

Make said ST trim available with a short throw version of the stick offered elsewhere (and likely a Focus derivative anyway), hell..maybe even swap the rear suspension for the excellent Control Blade setup on the Focus.

It is good that they're investing in it though - the updates made last year combined with the substantial feature updates this year make it a very appealing proposition for people who find today's full size minivans too expensive or too large. The TC LWB is larger than the lamented Mazda 5 with adult size room in all 3 rows with cargo space to spare. The 5 seat SWB, meanwhile, is super maneuverable and even more fun to drive.

I do wish the diesel option was available on both SWB and LWB...they split the gas Ecoboost availability the same way and I felt then like that was short sighted. Speaking of gas Ecoboost - that should have stayed, albeit as the current 1.5. It was a nice option on the SWB for those who wanted some more power or more refinement than the 2.5. 

It deserves to sell better. Hopefully it does. 
The midsize sedan market is cratering unless you're Toyota or Honda.  And even then it's tougher than ever when people are flocking to their compact CUV's instead. 
Because, yes, a Dodge Journey is such a desirable ride, it begs to be touched. /s
My first device bought using Swappa turned out to still be in a payment plan. The seller was quick to refund my money (I returned the phone literally the next day) once I explained the situation. Swappa moderators get involved in disputes to help make sure things go smoothly. 

Tried again, bought another 6S+ and it's been a great device. Would definitely do again.
Funnily enough, I didn't have em laced through the center at first, but was afraid that the tongue would shift. I'll have to try it without sometime. 
I was feeling like that a while ago and started looking around to replace my current job...

While the work likely pays more, I can't beat the benefits my current gig provides. 10 days of vacation I can use as soon as July 1 hits, a few personal days, great insurance, state pension plan.

Plus, I'm on a small team so I know what to expect, I know my direct coworkers, etc. 

I've considered 2nd jobs but then that erases any fun time that those benefits allow me to have. It's hard to go to rock shows or hit the gym when you've gotta work weekends and evenings.

Sure I could be choosey and say something like "I need weekends or weeknights only" but after working retail forever, I know that many retail employers won't be that accommodating. 

In the end I've found ways to save more and feel like I'm in a decent spot. Could it be better? Sure, but I'm young (28) and my partner doesn't mind so I'm ok. 

One of my biggest music regrets - not seeing a final Yellowcard show. 
Your mom is right - sure parallel parking is important, but concepts like car control, night driving, reacting to changing road and weather conditions are essential to being a safe, well - rounded driver.
The social aspect of Spotify is unmatched imo. Playlist sharing, seeing what your friends are listening to, etc. 

If you’re into that. It’s great. 

If your not then i could see how other services are appealing. 

GPM had one advantage over the other services in its radio. They bought Songza and continued to do the human curuated radio but stopped after a while, letting the playlists grow stagnant. :(
The lack of in depth variety is my main disappointment. 

I bought a used car that came with a trial and got excited when i heard about a channel devoted to Emo and Pop-Punk music only to find out that it’s online only.  

What? I listen to the radio....in the car. Why isn’t it in the car yet there’s puzzling duplicate stations like Stern?

No worries, apparently there’s another punk channel, Faction: oh wait that’s online now too. :|

As of right now I have only 5 channels preset. One is a R&B channel (The Heat) that I love but has just limited enough variety to make it annoying. 

Then I have three other rock stations (Alt Nation, Turbo and Octane), none of which play exactly what I’m into but I’ll hear songs I know and like on each. 

Then I have Hits 1. 


I end up switching between the stations a lot which can get annoying. 


The sound quality for me has been great - that’s comparing to my car’s BT which is a little too low volume wise and compressed for my taste. There’s a definite difference in bass I get on satellite in my car compared to BT, but that’s probably just my car. 

I tried the mobile app (ridiculous I have to resort to the but ok) and I was unimpressed with the sound quality over LTE, even with the settings changed in the app for better quality. 

I really don’t think I’ll continue, even if I actually prefer being spoon fed Music like radio does instead of Spotify. 
It’s a #TideAd
Your bathroom doesn't have a lock on it's door?
My Brand!
It’d have to be a tie between the “partial LED” interior lighting in a 18’ Altima I rented

the fact that a nearly 50k Infiniti shared the same overhead console and controls from a Altima/Sentra (Q50 I sat in at the auto show) 

the seeming trend of removing cloth/vinyl from door cards of sedans. 

In the case of the Altima, the car was dull yet agreeable but I noticed that only the front two map lights were LED. It’s like:

*opens door*

“Wow this is nice” 

*turns head to see yellowish glow of rear reading lamps on*

“Oh...” 

In the case of the Q50, I looked up at the ceiling and noticed the overhead console. Same design - SOS button placement and all. If it’s not the same part number as one in various Nissan badged products, consider me shocked. 

It’s a decent console, attractive looking, but just not something you’d expect to be shared wholesale from a mainstream brand to a luxury brand. 

The door card thing I first experienced in a last gen Sonata GLS without the preferred equipment package. The result? All four doors had hard plastic door cards except for the armrest and window sill. This bare plastic looked awful and scratched easily. 

The theme still continues to this day on the Sonata - it’s possible to buy with cheap looking door cards. 

The worst part is that other brands do it too these days. The new Jetta has completely hard plastic rear door cards save for the armrest regardless of trim level. Ditto the new Forte - my lowly 2012 EX has a nicely done cloth padded center section and a padded armrest. 

It just is a cheap detail that I’d think about if I put passengers back there. 

But I’m weird. 
I never understood that generation of “media center” mopar head unit. I want to say you could get BT added to it as a accessory, making the buttons functional on models without built in BT. 

But yeah, I’m sure it’s quite the fakeout surprise for someone buying used:

“Oh wow this Caliber has Bluetooth!”

*pushes button*

“UConnect is not available”

*sad face*
This is another reminder for me to re-setup Apple Pay. 

Kinda shocked ALDI of all chains is in on the disabling the chip reader game considering their European roots. 

Disappointing. 
Ugh. So true. I worked at a call center doing ISP tech support and didn’t make it past a year. My coworkers were supportive but the stress was just insane. Any time I was able to get early release and bounce, I took it - pay or no pay. 

It sucks the life out of you, family and friends said they noticed a difference as soon as I found a new job. 
aaaand nominated for "Best of craigslist"
Most brands let you disable the power liftgate function so you can open and close it manually.

I'd do this then secure it closed like you would in one without the power liftgate feature.
To be fair, the accuracy is all dependant on who's doing the data sync/upload - I doubt someone from TrueCar is checking dealer inventory on site to upload. 

Not sure if they could use VIN data to fix this even if someone at a dealer doesn't spot that a car in their DMS is miscategorized or not...
I've pretty much resorted to checking the system uptime when someone says they've restarted.

90% of the time, the restart has not happened and the thing's been on for at least a week.
Earphone hole, obviously.
It’s definitely caching songs onto your device (even when it’s not set to offline mode) to speed up playback and reduce data use. I’ve noticed this by being able to play songs with “no service” on my phone that I haven’t set explicitly to download for offline use. 
I still get notified of new releases. I believe you just have to follow the artist. 
Also a last.fm fan from long ago. Linking it and Spotify was one of the smarter decisions I’ve made. 
Spotify Premium doesn’t have ads. 
I bought a used 6s Plus from Swappa in February of last year. Came from a Nexus 5 with questionable battery life since new and unresolved bugs since Google and LG just stopped caring about it. 

Honestly I have no regrets and it's one of the best decisions I've ever made. And this is coming from someone who used to love tinkering with his phone. My 6S Plus battery life remains just...astounding.

The phone feels great performance wise too, smooth about 95% of the time (and honestly, I suspect that 5% could be due to battery wear...who knows) and it's never really let me down.

Only thing I could wish for is a better camera in low light (think concert) conditions but with practice I've gotten some decent shots and daylight photos are great. Night and day difference from the N5's mediocre camera.

I'd do it, get the battery swapped out after purchase for 29 bucks to ensure you're not being CPU throttled and enjoy the ride. 
I'll check them out! 
Interesting. Off to youtube I go!
I’ve thought about that but I plan on losing a shit ton of weight. 

Still, in the interm, it’s probably the right move. 👍
I know haha. I really want to buy more tapered fits but finding stuff hasn't been easy as I'm a bigger guy (42x30) who likes to try on stuff in store. 

I have one pair of slim fit Old Navy jeans that I love but they apparently changed the way they fit between when I got my pair for Christmas a year ago and now - I was drowning in a pair last time with the waist going up to my belly button. Just bizarre. 

Probably gonna try some joggers as a alternative since apparently jeans that fit me are few and far between. 
Sweet! Thanks for the quick reply!
Right wing peeps critized Obama for choosing Dijon mustard for a sandwich. Said it showed he couldn’t relate to the “common” man. http://www.newsweek.com/barack-obama-donald-trump-russia-investigation-dijon-mustard-scandal-fox-fake-623643
3rd party Alarm apps on iOS tend to be sucky, in my experience. 

I haven’t found one that has met my needs yet. 

While ugly, I loved Alarm Clock Xtreme Free on Android. I could turn off a alarm by solving math that I could customize, do gradual increasing loudness, etc. It was nice. 

Pretty sure there were a few that explicitly said to make sure I launch it before bed to ensure it stays running. 

Maybe I haven’t looked hard enough though, I was searching on the old App Store before the redesign. 
Where I live most are open 24/7. 
Yeah, I knew it was his brand lol (the Golf Wang Old Skools are sick!) just didn’t know if it was trademarked or not. 

Best of luck!
Is that phrase trademarked or something? Even if it was aligned right on the configurator, I wonder if it would go through?

Do other four letter words have similar alignment online for you? Could be a bug. 
Excellent point. 
The thing is, it’s super concentrated. 
I’ve had several family members with Kia and Hyundai iron:

My parents have had 3 Kia and Hyundai products - a 05 Sportage, a 05 XG350L and their current car, a 10 Amanti that my grandparents gave them when they moved to Florida. They also own a Malibu but really like the Amanti. No issues from any of them really and my Stepmom would consider another 05-10 Sportage if the gas mileage was better (2.7 V6 was slow AND thirsty)

My aunt and uncle owned a last gen Sedona and the only reason they traded up was because their large family out grew it. They’re in a E-Series SWB now. 

I just picked up a ‘12 Forte - not my first choice, wanted a XJ Jeep or a Golf/GTI but was worried about the latters reliability and the newest XJ was too old to finance with my credit union. - so far so good, if boring. 

For a while, Kia had a Porsche engineer in charge of vehicle tuning and reviews of new Kia’s in this time period (05-10 Sportage, final gen Spectra, 06.5 to 10 Optima, Rondo, last gen Sedona) reported decidedly nice chassis tuning. Then things sorta regressed a bit after that. 

Hopefully the stingers reported goodness can trickle down to current Kia products, but some mags say even that needs some fine tuning. 

Right now the cars are reliable. It’s just that not many of them are fun aside from special models. Honda has mostly got its “make everything fun to drive” mojo back and Mazda hasn’t gotten rid of it for years now. It would be nice to see Kia or Hyundai embrace that mindset as well - seemed like they were getting there for a while. 
I completely forgot that GM, being GM, bet on the wrong horse and chose Powermat of all things. 

Even worse, instead of looking around at the landscape, realizing they’ve made a terrible mistake and switching to Qi sooner, they just kept on selling it? 

*sigh*
This was a damn good read. Hopefully he’ll compare Pro Pilot Assist with these two systems. 

Imagine if GM was able to make this available on something like a Malibu or Cruze. Maybe the cost of the parts and software is too high to trickle that far down yet?

I do agree that there’s been no real advertising for it, or the CT6 itself since it’s launch. Maybe Super Bowl would be a good time? 
I don’t see why your wireless charger wouldn’t work with your iPhone. Most OEM car wireless chargers use the qi charging standard that the iPhone definitely supports. 

Sucks that the UI graphics quality isn’t the best over wireless though. 
For some vehicles, the recall happens in two stages: a interm repair where the airbag inflator is swapped for a newer version of the original and a final repair with a redesigned inflator when that is able to be produced. 
Nice pupper! :D I have the same Sk8-Hi's and they're quickly becoming my favorite pair of sneakers.
Blue and brown, great combo! 
Snoo’s got some loose lips...
Set a saved search with your desired options like shoe size. I've got a few for some I want like Rowley XLs - eBay will send a notification to your phone when someone posts one.  
Damn man, those look sweet. I keep getting price alerts...just gotta pull the trigger...
Yup. Vans sizing, at least for me, has been super consistent....even their non "classic" stuff (think stuff seen in Kohls like Skink, Widow, etc.) has been the same for me.

It's one reason why they're my go to usually.
The social aspect is the main reason why I chose Spotify over AM. I'm in various FB groups for the kind of music I like (Pop-Punk, Post-Hardcore, Easycore, Emo, etc...) and people share collaborative playlists and links to albums that open in Spotify all the time. 

Seeing what my friends and the people I follow are listening to is also pretty cool.
Orlando International Premium Outlets - http://www.premiumoutlets.com/outlet/orlando-international

Looks like its 65 miles away from Tampa with no closer Vans Outlet stores. There's lots of other stores at the mall though so it may still be worth a drive if you're interested in other stuff (or just want to go somewhere new).
Thanks!
Thanks! 
https://i.imgur.com/E2gIQRd.jpg 
I have these too, the look is so fresh. Easily one of my favorite colorways. 

Sweet username btw!
Hah! I would have but had to make sure I still had room in the suitcase - we ended up having to bring a additional one home! 
Currently visiting the parents in Florida and realized the mall I needed to do some gift shopping in had a Vans Outlet. I had to visit, pretty cool place with really good deals. 

Missing is the slip-on’s keychain charm I bought too! 

Dayum. These are fire. 
I want these so bad, if I saw them when I went to a outlet I probably would have got them yesterday! 👍
Subtle! I like it!
It’s a heritage numbering scheme: 

> The I-5923 is named after one of the articles in the adidas archive and, like the Iniki before, takes some of adidas’ classic ’70s running features and combines them with a clean, modern design.

https://www.highsnobiety.com/p/adidas-originals-iniki-updated-name/
One person’s comfy is another person’s “moist” 😂
Would wear for sure. 
> You can’t do anything athletic whatsoever in these, there is zero ankle Support

So true man, I rolled my ankle 3 times in these walking late night. 
I didn’t realize the Boost was different...
I wish I could answer - I’ve never had NMD’s or UBs. :(
Nice! Glad to know I wasn’t the only one confused for a sec lol. 
Thanks!  IKR!? I was like “wait did I somehow get duped?” when I first got em, then I Googled the name.

The box and the packing slip still had Iniki on them which didn’t help matters...
I actually visited today for a “getting started” session and we did some general exercises to improve flexibility and core strength. I never knew how to warm up so I’m hoping that by doing these I’ll take care of that issue! 

Thanks! 
Thank you! 
Good to hear! One day I’ll start to feel it getting easier I’m sure! 

Thanks for the kind words of advice!
It makes it easier, seeing this encouragement that everyone gives everyone. :) 
Thanks so much! 
Thank you! 
o/*\o :)
Thanks! Hope you’re feeling better! 
Good luck! You got this! 
I’m in York, PA USA
Thanks!
Thanks, this certainly hasn’t been easy...my sore legs  showed just how out of shape I am. Hopefully it’ll get a bit easier. :)
Thanks! 👍
Thank You! 
Those are Skink Mids or Highs 👍
Indeed! Thanks :)
Nope, that was malware. MS never auto installed toolbars for ad purposes in IE IIRC.
Good to know I'm not the only one dealing with a slow C731 repair turnaround time - I've got one out for almost 3 weeks now. :/

Luckily the failure rate has been minimal, Acer's been good to us for the most part, having bought C720s and C740s with minimal issues. 
You're looking at "Mid-Cycle Refreshes." Full redesigns come a few years later in a generation's life. EX: The 2015 - current Mustang is a complete redesign on a new platform.

Full redesigns are expensive and time consuming processes, even if you reuse the existing platform underneath (with some modifications usually). 
Agreed. All 3 are a step back IMO
If you miss the old podcast (me too, ditched it 2 episodes in after Dan Roth left and the format suddenly changed...), check out [Wheel Bearings](https://wheelbearings.media/). It's a podcast that Dan and fellow former Autoblog podcast alum Sam Abuelsamid have created. 

It follows the old podcast format pretty closely and they have more freedom to geek out because it's theirs. 

Now, if only they could get Chris Shunk on to complete the former AB podcast host trifecta....
We did, as a Acura. The TSX was the Euro Accord brought stateside. 
This. I'm 30-40 min away from work and while there's coworkers that live nearby I can count how many I've run into on one hand and they've never talked work thank goodness.
Nice! Not sure if that's a generic (eg: Haynes) manual but check the sidebar here for the official Factory Service Manual - many say it's a bit better than the generic ones.

While I, sadly, don't have a XJ anymore (damn rust!) I wlll say that I learned a lot of skills working on it myself - it's surprisingly easy to figure out. YouTube, this subreddit, and various forums/facebook groups make it easy to get advice too. 
Awesome! 
I don't see that as a bad thing...they're literally giving you a $25 gift card...
That’s almost obligatory haha. Agree 100%
I am digging that orange
How on earth did I miss this! Had a Nexus 5 (and older Android phones) for years and didn't realize this was a thing.
Toyota. Think about finding parts and such - Isuzu? Good fucking luck probably. Geo/Suzuki? Mayyybee given the GM connection.

But the Toyota? You should be just fine, esp. in terms of aftermarket selection.
These are sick! 
neat!
If I ever make it to a Beartooth show, I’ll have to remember to do this! 
Yeah, that EP wasn’t bad at all. 

I had no idea about the Beartooth connection. Neat!
This whole album is on point. I miss these guys so much. 
Nice! I'm in York, PA. :)
Same. The eMac is one of my favorite Macs - the end of a CRT AIO era. Wished they'd have made a Intel based one....
So fucking good. 
It’s getting pre purchase inspected Tuesday by a garage in the area with good reviews. 
Agreed. Am looking forward to more if this is any indication...
You’re right, the seatbelt is attached to the D pillar and comes down to a detachable buckle in the seat. 

While both of the buckles in the seat are present in my example, the belt and wall anchor loop is not: https://i.imgur.com/NHjxgU3.jpg 

I used kelly blue book just to see (not the be all and end all I know..) and it looks like it’s definitely priced well. https://i.imgur.com/w5kALdw.png 

I honestly don’t want to be a skinflint toward the seller so I am ok with paying the asking price (I hate negotiating), just didn’t know if it was reasonable to factor those in or not. 
If so, then I'm not that worried about it. Thanks for the quick reply btw!
I have not but am excited for the visual refresh - hopefully it addresses some usability quirks that I've noticed. 
This. I added a bunch of columns to my inventory view and it's nice. 
I'm not Goth but I'm Black and love pop-punk. My family was shocked when they found out I'm into it, but the music is so good.

Just do you, if there's haters, just let them hate.
I'm not Goth but I'm Black and love pop-punk. My family was shocked when they found out I'm into it, but the music is so good.

Just do you, if there's haters, just let them hate.
If it were me, I'd swallow my pride, take out the hard drive (outside) and get a cheap chromebook to hold me over while the laptop sits in the bag. Surely starved of food, the rest should die if you leave it for a few months to a year right?
The world needs more orange cars. <3
Couldn't have said it better myself. I love the large screen of the Plus and would hate to downsize to a narrower one. 
> The other time, I woke up an hour after I should've left for work and I saw my phone sitting there on the "snooze/stop" screen making no noise at all.

Fuck, I had the exact same thing happen to me. I was pissed.
Have you tried the Chrome Cleanup tool? https://www.google.com/chrome/cleanup-tool/index.html
There's the EduGeek forums but they're a bit UK centric. 
> The thing that you have to keep in mind is that they require an ultra solid whiteboard or other surface, or else the board will wobble and the calibration will be useless.

This. Also if you plan on reusing existing boards, that shit's gotta be level with very little to no deflection. Story time: We Everase coated all the boards in one of our elementary schools during a renovation in order to prepare them for eventual BrightLink Wi installation. 

Fast forward 3 years later this Fall. I'm installing one in a room and just *can't* get it to calibrate to save my life. I eyeballed the board and it looked level and even but sticking a yardstick on confirmed that it failed and was bowed out *just* enough to cause issues.

Needless to say, a check for deflection with a yardstick both vertical and horizontally is now included in the site survey I perform before one goes up. 

I love them when the install goes smooth and the calibration is dead on - i almost never have to go back to troubleshoot compared to the Smartboard SB680's.
Holy shit. Thanks! 
Yes! God I miss that show lol
Yup. That’s the article I read and mentioned earlier. 

It brings up another point, I know this is a funny subreddit and not necessarily a politics one but:

How do politicians get people to trust again? It’s broken, we all know that, but there’s a sizable number of people who are like Shannon, who see the process as a waste of effort. 

These non enthused voters could have helped stop trump if they were effectively courted. 
They mean that they do have a microwave but not a stove. A lot of workplaces are like that. Mine does have a stove and toaster oven alongside a microwave. 
My first pair of Half Cabs. Loving em so far, the blueish gray colors are 👍
> rolled ice cream

Whoa:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ah23e1hwMNk

That's too cool! 
dem sk8-hi's tho... Nice collection! 
I love tan colorways. Looks like this is another one to add to the list of favorites. Nice pic OP, I assume that's froyo?
Cool, I’ll have to hit up a store nearby and try em on. Thanks man! 👍
The dark green ones look sweet! Hah no dog walking on unpaved hilly trails for me I guess. 
The saddest part is, even with you and /u/no1emi's issues, and the fact that I walk a lot I'm like: "Eh, I'll survive, look at how sick Iniki's are!" 😂

How's the sizing on these, if you don't mind me asking? I wear a size 12 in Vans but 13 in Nikes due to wide feet.

The things we put ourselves through for style haha. 
Eh to be fair, she didn't say she voted for or against him, just that she liked his supposed stance on job outsourcing. Her decision to help her replacements and bond with them was classy IMO, given the circumstances, even with the promise of a bonus and trip that never happened as motivation.

The NY Times feature story about her (https://www.nytimes.com/2017/10/14/us/union-jobs-mexico-rexnord.html?_r=1) is a very good read, IMO: Things like UBI (one day) and re-education programs may help people move on as jobs are replaced by machines or outsourced, but I suspect that people spearheading these ideas don't quite realize that, for many people like Shannon, ...they legitimately take pride in their work and it shapes who they truly are. 

That can be hard to move on from.
She was livin' La Vida Loca!
Yup, I remember WTF'ing at that in a similar fashion. 
*imagines a episode of Maury in 4k*

*shudders*

Like a train wreck, I’d have to watch it at least once. 
Vans and Chucks
If it manages to fix remoting to a Mac I'll consider updating...
Thanks man! These are SB Dunk Low Pro "Wheat" - https://www.nike.com/launch/t/sb-dunk-low-pro-wheat
I wish the tips of the toe box didn’t get creased but that’s what happens when your foot is too wide for a 12, there’s no 12.5 sizes, plus you drive stick and sometimes have to get on all fours to plug shit in under desks. (school IT drone here) So 13 it is lol. 
At least it was a easy ticket! If you haven't yet, you should check out /r/k12sysadmin - it's a great resource for school specific IT peeps. 
ditto!
Word, it may be nice but there's so many negatives that I'm fine where I am (not that it's much better tbh).
I may have gasped when I saw that.

This is gonna be one to remember folks. 
Good to know Calvin!
Agreed. If they do try to copy Face ID, it'll probably be some fake shit that opens up every time, OR may use the Android default face unlock functionality. 
Nope. None of the iPhones so far support Apple Pencil. 
i thought i was going crazy. This only happens on the Messages app for me as well.
Sure, they got a bunch of free press from the lines.

But one of Apple's things is exceptional customer service. Making people wait in line for hours for a chance to get your product will inevitably result in some percentage of unhappy people who can't get one.

Don't forget that it's not just iPhone buyers going to the store on launch day as well, there's other people who are there to buy other items or have Genius and Today At Apple appointments who may get annoyed with navigating a overly crowded store. 

Being able to quickly preorder and have the device on your door step on launch day without having to leave the house and commute to the Apple Store....that's an example of excellent customer service.
I love those rims, looking good! 
Yeah, found that out too. Looks like a X is in my future...
Hoping that there's OIS on the telephoto lens...wasn't made clear.
Nice, it's good to be able to finally treat yourself now and again right?
That was such bullshit man. I mean it worked but drilling that was a pain in the ass. They also got super hardcore about checking before swapping stuff. 
I thought you were referring to the Wish app. 

Reading comprehension FTW....
Those damn controllers are such a pain in the ass.
One place I worked at actually had a taped off section of the whiteboard dubbed "the parking lot."

Ugh.
Yeah but are those fakes? Who the hell knows....
This was our hell for at least 4 months. So far none this year have had that issue (we started getting keyboards drop shipped and were replacing them proactively whenever we got the chance...) and I'm hoping they're done for good.
No worries man, not taken the wrong way, wasn't my decision to buy lol. Our local IU had got a deal and we jumped. The rotating camera seemed appealing as well. IIRC we got a demo unit and nothing seemed terribly a miss. 

Lesson learned and all that. 

Yikes and I thought my 80 tickets was bad. Got it down to 67, hoping to chop it down further tomorrow.
Oh I totally agree, I'd be down to drive a stick one no doubt. 
Yeah don't tell your dad about it, i feel you as 2k isn't easy for anyone to spend esp. after buying a supposedly reliable car.

Hopefully the replacement is a solid one and will last you through school. When you get to 160k, you may want to think about getting the fluid changed (but only using Genuine Nissan fluid) but it's not a requirement per Nissan. Depends on how much you want to invest in it.
They were bullshitting you. If the PO was using 5W-30 engine oil, regular or synthetic doesn't matter. Even if the oil was a different weight like 10W-30 or whatever, the engine oil and transmission fluid never meet or mix or go from one part to the other in any way shape or form.

They likely didn't want to do the warranty work for some reason, perhaps the job to replace the CVT doesn't pay a decent rate - dealers tend to get paid by the OEM less cash for warranty claims than the dealer charges for non-warranty repairs. 
The 10 year warranty is legit for select model years. 

Nissan Cube's take regular 5W-30 engine oil. Your dealer probably was trying to upsell you on synthetic oil changes.

The CVT itself needs special CVT fluid, but they recommend changes every 60k miles or so, at least on 2010 models. https://www.nissanusa.com/pdf/techpubs/2010/2010_N_SMG.pdf

Engine oil doesn't interact with the trans at all, those Nissan CVT's are just failure prone garbage. 

A shame because stuff like the Cube is cool, but I'd have to buy one with a stick, because CVT.
Awesome, a new podcast to check out!
I'm dying, there's so many great shows this fall.

Of course, I'm considering switching jobs, erasing the vacation days that I'd use to recover the next day after the drive home. Fuck...
Oh man, when I was in Florida on vacation last winter, those damn 411 pain ads were constant. So bad. 
Those are sweet.
> Here. Have a totally obligation free test drive.

"It's like CarMax but for questioning men!"


I could see it if the coworker had a Grindr notification and left the icon chilling in the notification shade on Android. 
That's what I was afraid of. I'll ditch the anecdote and perhaps focus on other aspects of the job description - i can always mention that I stay up to date in the field during the actual interview.
Absolutely, one sec.

EDIT: DM sent

Hi guys, 

I know i need to shorten this significantly. I read that it was best to include a personal anecdote related to the position, so I've done so but I get the feeling I should ditch it to shorten things up?  I did want to demonstrate that I keep up with technology news and trends, as that's something they mentioned in the job application.

These are the "additional skills and abilities" requested for the job:

> Excellent interpersonal and communications skills. Ability to prioritize and meet deadlines.


So I've tried to incorporate my skills in that arena into the Cover Letter, hopefully that is ok. 

Also, I feel like my conclusion has the right parts (expressing interest, showing you've researched, etc.), but I need to make it cleaner and easier to read IMO. I'm just unsure how to do that.

Thanks for any advice you give, i'll take it to heart so I don't screw this up.
The pedal spacing in those Audis were also different from what many Americans used to driving domestic iron were used to. That also played a role, not to discount the human stupidity aspect of course. 
My Accord did the same thing if I opened the door with my headlights on (it had auto off w/ delay lights which I liked) - I liked the tinkle chime actually. 
Sure thing, PM sent. 
This is totally r/shittyrobots material amirite?
When Snoo played a leading role in my dreams...
So true. Life in general was simpler in the 90's. You weren't expected to be connected at all times. Your parents checked the answering machine when they got home, no cell phones for many people...my parents did have beepers for like 5 minutes lol.

For much of the mid 90's (I entered kindergarten in 94), it 
was a time of prosperity at least in the US, so not a lot of shit was going on. 

The internet was still a luxury. You didn't have much incentive to stay inside...my dad and stepmom would have us outside most of the summer until the streetlights came on.
Concert tickets. They're almost always impulse buys for me but going to my first show ever (alone at that!) a year and 5 months ago really got me out of my shell and into listening to music as a hobby. 
Christ, I dunno how I'd handle that. Luckily we could blame other people's shit for not working on our internet service. 

Warm transferring AND having to let the customer hear you pleading the other guy to take the call (bad enough having to do it internally when customer care would fuck something up...)?

I'd be done, lol, couldn't do it. 
As a overnight grocery cashier in a former life, please...have all my feels! Esp. for rushing to get the boxes from (in my case checkout candy) thrown because strange shit happened...bruhhh story of my life.
>  Yeah so instead of blaming the faulty equipment the employees just look incompetent to the customers. Good plan.

Manager logic for ya!

re Win 95 - I swear one place I worked at had shit that ran Java. That shit took forever to boot up...
Oh i totally agree. Sadly my former employers...not so much.

Even though I don't work retail anymore, I still find myself dancing around saying something is slow on my end while troubleshooting a co-worker's tech issue. (I work in IT now) Old stupid habits die hard.
Welcome to Reddit! 
That's not odd in retail. ditto call centers. I was never supposed to say something like "my system's slow" or "this is having some issues." 

Some "This makes us look incompetent and *surely* that can't happen!" thing.
Yes! :D Hopefully they play it if you submit it.
>  I was in complete agreement until you mentioned taking photos at shows and concerts. 😉

Hah. I'm not one of those guys who's taking photos constantly at shows but I do like to take a couple of each band. I was excited about the 7 and considered getting it but then heard about some iffy low light quality due to no OIS with the telephoto so I figured I'd wait. 

If they can widen it and still let it zoom, great. I was hoping more phones would offer zoom, but the Android side of things seems to have embraced wide instead. 
I would love to see improvements to the 'telephoto' lens, especially in low light. - That would make any future iPhone with it the ultimate "taking pics at shows/concerts" phone. 
Used it when my brothers and I went to Florida for vacation - that way we wouldn't get lost in the parks, at the beach, etc. 
Yes. My parents got burned badly by a suggested inspector that didn't do shit. Turns out the whole damn house had a toxic mold issue. Cue mysterious illnesses and shit for years... 

Fun fact, after we moved out, our whole extended family admitted that we all smelled like mold at family gatherings but they were too embarrassed to mention it. 
Well shit, we just switched to SchoolMessenger Presence. Guess we'll see how it goes as far as support...
I love this video. 
Some Windows computers support something called "Connected Standby" or "Modern Standby" that does what you'd describe: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/design/device-experiences/modern-standby

I do know that it is possible for systems to wake for a few seconds, check stuff, then go back to sleep. 
Hah, I clicked that and saw they were in my size...ugh. Must. Not. Buy.

Actually, still trying to figure out my size in SB's...I bought two pairs in 13 but they seem a bit too long. I had a pair of Size 12 Patagonias that I sold because they were too narrow feeling. #widefeetproblems lol
Your phone is at 98% and needs charging! 
I debated getting these so much. Kinda regret not pulling the trigger, just wasn't sure how they'd look on me.
This sounds delicious.
I'm late, but it could be to measure any seismic effects from fracking, which has happened in PA in the past...
I thought this was interesting  - I wasn't as into sneakers when the Starburys came out so I didn't know much about the backstory beyond the basics. The collision of economics, marketing, and consumer psychology + sneakers made for easy listening. 

I've been setting up 3 of them this summer. The boards themselves seem to be fine so far - in researching this stuff, it seems like one company actually make the panels and the included interactive software (EasiNote, EasiRemote, etc.) - then others like ClearTouch put their branding and support (that long on-site warranty was a definite factor in our decision making process) behind them.

They're heavy as hell (it's a 3 person job for us to unbox and mount ours on the tilt/height adjust stand) but feel sturdy.

The integrated PC setup has been interesting for us - Wasn't a fan of ClearTouch's Windows 10 image - they came preloaded with various iOBit apps like Driver Booster and Advanced System Care that actually broke the ability to join any domains. 

Was scratching my head on the first one I did until I figured that one out. Needless to say, those apps were quickly uninstalled - was in the cards anyway but this hastened it. 

The system language, region, and time/date formats was also oddly set to UK, so I changed that.

But beyond that, the boards are wonderful. Nice picture, the PC is fast, and *knock on wood* they'll be problem free come school time. 

If it's the new Tiguan, maybe they're adding on a dealer market adjustment? Don't forget that the MSRP you'll see on the configurator is literally that. A suggestion.
A bit late but yes, that's what I do. I have asthma though so scents can aggravate it.
I'm so torn between this and another fest happening on the same freaking day. :/
I checked them out a few days ago. It was love at first listen for me. 
Late as fuck but good catch! You just saved me from buying tickets to Four Chord thinking that Self Help was later for some reason. While I love TSL, HTL, State Champs and Eternal Boy, I gotta see ADTR whenever I get the chance.
Cannot. Unsee.
Yes. Just sign into Chrome on all your devices. It'll just merge all the bookmarks together so they match from device to device, not get rid of them. 
*winces intensely*
I had more than two weeks when I was with them but ditto. I lasted a year then left because of the stress. 
It's like that here sort of, but the ISP choice applies to DSL based networks, not cable. It was mandated that the telco's allow ISP competition via leasing their lines, but that rule was killed in 2005. Still, some choice remains. 

EX: Comcast is the cable based internet provider in my area and only their service is allowed on their network. 

Verizon is the telephone based internet provider and offers DSL and Fiber services. Other ISP's like PA.Net and DSL Xtreme can offer DSL service using Verizon's physical network infrastructure. 

Many, but in most areas you are limited to two main choices - the cable provider or the telco. For the latter there's usually other companies (some locally based, some not) that sell access over those lines as well. 

It all depends on location - in many parts of the country there isn't even two main choices, just one. My Mom's planned subdivision can only get Comcast - Verizon doesn't offer any services besides phone and these are relatively new homes (built in the early 00's). 
Thanks! 
Indeed. The recession was still in full swing, gas prices were in the 4 to 5 buck a gallon range in some areas and many were ditching (or couldn't afford) the very thing Kia was trying to sell - full size body on frame V6 or V8 powered SUV's.

I can only imagine that the project had reached a point of no return and they pretty much had to market it and hope for the best. 

It only sold here for one year, 2009. 
The Kia Borrego (worst timed car launch ever, BTW) ads did that: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8X0wel8_ksA
I almost went on a date with a girl in my communications studies class my sophomore year of college but backed out. 
But she's *totally* a "Bad mamma Janna" amirite?
You mean MBA's? :P

Yeah I just recommended a MBA over a MBP to my boss for a user today - The fact that the MBA had 256 GB of storage standard made it a better buy for us over a 13 inch MBP.
That's pretty dope. 
nah, that's a bit too redneckish for this middle class upstanding citizen. 
I don't see em either but they're still pretty sweet
PM sent
Gotcha. :D
Pm sent with direct URL. Lemme know if you get it or not. 
PM sent. 

Edit: sent another PM with direct Google Sheets URL
Well shit, where'd I send it to lol. Hold on I'll send it again. 

Edit: ok weird, I sent it from my desktop last night and it shows up as sent in my mobile client. I wonder if it's because it's a bit.ly and Reddit is blocking it. 

If you don't get it again, I'll send via the long ass Google URL lol
PM sent
We do. We have a list of verified apps that have been reviewed for COPPA compliance. This list is available to the public for review and parents sign off on a form allowing/disallowing use of the apps at the start of each semester.

If a teacher wants an app/website that isn't on the list they send a ticket to the tech dept and the ticket goes to the tech director for privacy policy review.

If they need an app right away and the privacy policy doesn't preclude it's use, there's a form they can send home and gain parental approval. That form is then stored in the main office for archival purposes after it's returned to school.

Free apps I usually push out right away. Paid apps require principal approval. Once the principal approves, the director will complete the purchase either through a PO or dept level funds. Then I'll push the apps out.
With touch controls!
On the other hand, I like zip ties because they're less likely to be messed with by students. 

In a desktop lab, sure velcro all the way since the connections are less likely to be messed with.

But in a laptop lab where they insist on external mice and you try to keep the cords shortened for appearance, the velcro has a tendency to disappear a few months into the school year.
It is. 
Yes
Actually, many brands in the US let you set up a feature that lets the car's infotainment system call 911 on your behalf through a connected Bluetooth phone. 

Ford/Lincoln calls it 911 Assist, Honda/Acura calls it HondaLink/AcuraLink Assist, Kia calls it Uvo 911 Connect, etc.

Easiest way to find out if your brand supports this is by googling "*brand x* 911 calling"

You'll need to opt into this service when pairing your phone, so if you haven't, check your infotainment system settings to enable it if desired.

Other brands like FCA (Fiat, Dodge, Jeep, Chrysler, etc.) and GM (Chevy, GMC, Buick, etc.) have similar functionality through a paid subscription service (UConnect Access - FCA/OnStar - GM)
I cannot say enough good things about Chrome Sign Builder. It works well and is easy for the users since they know how Google Slides works.
It's Wegmans not that fake 7-11 on the corner, I think you'll be fine. 
That looks like a XJ (1983 - 2001) Jeep Cherokee. If you need help with it, try posting in /r/cherokeexj

They're awesome over there and as a fellow owner they've helped me out a bit. 
It plays fine in Edge.
As soon as I saw the PA plate I was like "this is not surprising."

If it was *really* the size of a compact crossover or whatever, that would be an interesting sight. Something the size of say..a XJ Cherokee but FWD car based with retro style...

Not sure if better....or worse tbh?!
Yup, it's a Neon in retro wagon clothing
It was a different time, the early 00's. I remember when this thing first came out, there were waiting lists for months and most were bought as soon as they were off the truck. 

The styling was pretty wild for the time too but as we know dated quickly: after all, how can one exactly update a car designed to look like a vehicle from a specific decade?
The logo's cool but just remember that people on non Apple devices can't see it, they just get a blank square.
Ironically, pundits are pissed that they still have the Surface Connect port instead of dropping it for USB-C, citing Apple, HP, etc.

Like, that's one reason I'd buy one over another laptop/device - wouldn't have that cringeworthy moment when the cord is tugged or whatever.
If you're using Windows 8 or later, you can set the connection as a "Metered" connection. This adjusts Windows settings to be more friendly toward your data cap, including Windows Update IIRC.
Absolutely, FCC are amazing.
This is awesome. People at my schools get iOS devices though iPad classes and the MDM experience for them is nowhere as seamless as it is for devices that are in DEP. 
Congrats!
r/sneakers can be a fickle beast man, don't sweat it lol. 

Those are sweet! Colorway? 
We willingly consolidated from two separate tech offices (one was 2 techs in the Admin building and another was me, our SIS Specialist and our network specialist in a office inside a server room at a different school on campus) to a open plan office (no cubes even) in a former computer lab at our middle school. It started about mid school year.  I should note that our director still has her office at Admin.

Pluses:

Easier access to people: One tech is really good at print management for example. Another knows a lot about OS X. It's easier for us to ask a question or get advice quickly. It's also simpler to bounce off each other for help. 

More interesting work environment: we all get along pretty well since we are a small team so it's worked out so far, we're quick to understand when someone is on the phone or whatever and adjust accordingly. We converse well and keep things pretty lighthearted. 


The room is big enough to provide plenty of room for racks to image devices on, a decent size conference table for meetings and plenty of storage for parts and equipment. 

Minuses:

The ease of contact can kind of be annoying. I like to wear headphones yet sometimes feel that I need to leave a earbud out to keep up with what's going on in the room. 

Honestly that's kinda it, at least for me.  Every tech and every tech dept is different though, it may not be a bad idea to ask your techs what they think? 
Jealous. Good choice on the Adidas btw, I want to cop a pair of iniki's next. 
They also literally extend outward laterally for towing, then can be retracted. That's probably what the truck owner was referring to.
This...this hurts. You forgot to add stretching your t-shirt that you realize is slightly too snug around your beer gut in the morning. 
Wow this one's a throwback lol
This sounds lame but every Friday is casual Friday and I can wear my favorite band shirts and ditch the dress shoes - I'm a bit of a burgeoning sneakerhead. Even better - I can wear whatever I want (within reason of course) all summer.

Beyond that, I enjoy the added autonomy that being on a small team provides.
I bet Apple Pay is more popular. There's still a number of banks (at least in the US) that support Apple Pay but do not support Android Pay. 

My always slow to the party credit union is one such bank. 
I'm a recent Android convert and while I've managed to work around the lack of file system access, I'll admit that having access to even a few folders (like a documents folder) like DCIM today would be nice. 
> Living single and trying to buy groceries is impossible.

This. This 100% It doesn't help that shit designed to make "dat single lyfe" easier is constantly discontinued. A local grocery store chain had "single serving frozen steamable veggie packets" that were perfect for proper portioning but they killed off the variety pack and just offer broccoli. 

Other brands offer this but they're impossible to find. Shit sucks.
I didn't think about that aspect of it. While one of my off campus jobs was walkable, it wasn't exactly ideal especially in winter. :/

Maybe buy a cheap Craigslist beater OP and flip it? 
The turbos came with a dry dual clutch (DDCT in FCA parlance) that got mixed reviews but the NA models came with a pretty decent Hyundai sourced 6 speed autobox or a manual. 
This. Even my rural state school partnered with the regional transit authority to have bus transportation throughout the college town including shopping destinations.  More populated schools tend to also partner with at least one car sharing service like ZipCar, not to mention being able to car pool with friends if you're going to the same place. 
I love it when I make a nice and smooth rev matched downshift. 

I hate it when I have juddery starts at low speeds because I'm uncoordinated as fuck and let out the clutch too slowly/don't give it enough gas. Ditto when pulling out from slick surfaces sometimes. 

I hate it when I'm quickly trying to get on the highway from a short on ramp and have jerkiness when I upshift. 

I've been driving stick for years now and still don't feel like a "good" stick driver, just serviceable unless I really think deliberately/concentrate about my stick driving actions while driving. 

I also worry that my uncoordination will prove to be a bad thing once the Jeep's ready to try some off roading. 

Sometimes I will readily admit that a AT would be nice in some instances. 
Pop-Punk, post hardcore, hip-hop or r&b. Just depends on my mood really. 

If I'm not listening to music, it's podcasts. 
I work for a small (3 elem, 2 middle, 1 high) rural district with a small team (6 of us full timers including director, 2 student interns, 1 part timer who will be leaving us shortly for college). 

If we didn't all work during the summer, I honestly don't know how anything would get done. 

I assume that, because you're in a large district, you have other IT staff that do stay on to handle things like summer device receiving, infrastructure upgrades, etc.?
On the Mac, there's no built in true "maximize" like on Windows unless the App you're in supports full screen mode. 

Instead, when you click the green +, Mac OS intelligently resizes the window to show as much as it can. This doesn't necessarily mean that it fills the screen, if the window can show as much as it can without filling the screen, it won't. 
For sure man, like clockwork. 
"Whaddya mean you're not off over the summer?!"
Sure. But when people travel they aren't always rational. They may think that they have to make time, that they're "only x miles/km's" away, why get a hotel when you're just 45 min away from home? etc.
Yeah ProMaster City only seats 5 - they're aiming it as more of a "crew van" for commercial use (it doesn't even have windows in the cargo area/third row!) unlike TC which targets both companies and families.  The TC only has 7 seats but the shortest full size Transit has 8. 

WRX Wagon? Nice! 

That Nissan CVT man, I rented a Versa with it and how it drove...combined with the issues..I couldn't own one. A shame as I like the new Rogue a lot. Heh that third row is tiny, watching a lady  squeeze inside her's on youtube was hilarious. I could see why you upgraded.

> Well, our real dream car doesn't exist, it would be a manual transmission, AWD, diesel turbo, 8 seater wagon 

Man isn't that the holy grail haha. Only thing missing is obligatory car guy metallic brown. lol.

The new Traverse would hit those boxes save for the stick if GM would put a diesel in it. Given their propensity for diesel lately, anything's possible? But that would also mean driving a GM vehicle which I know isn't everyone's cup of tea haha. 

I was thinking that the new Atlas would work but that's only a 7 seater too. 

Best of luck on whatever you choose! 
No it's decidedly not. Totally different platforms. 
Interesting. I'm a car guy and a bit of a van nerd (I'd love a 5 seat short wheelbase TC with the 1.6L turbo engine to mod.....mmmm turbo!)...what did the TC lack? 

Sadly if you want a small minivan, it's pretty much your only option since the NV200 doesn't come with rear seats and the RAM ProMaster City is pretty spartan and only has 5 seats max.
RemindMe! 4 months "What do the new mail trucks look like?"
Congrats!
Maybe HP will release a lower end version of it's Elite X2 1012 tablet. One reason why we got it over the Surface Pro was because we could replace the screen ourselves easily: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7C-oYNPm3bo
This sounds like the best solution (we have a relatively new radio system for maintenance staff that covers the district) so I'll have to discuss with the boss and maintenance as to the feasibility of this. 

Thanks everyone for the help!
Something like this (using the system already in use by maintenance) is probably the most ideal solution. I'm sure getting another private channel plus the equipment isn't cheap though. 
Only the superintendent and maintenance get district provided phones.. :( 
>If your network is going down often enough that you need to provide an alternate means of communication, I would work on that first.

Right and it's something we've been working on and it's gotten a lot better. It's rare these days but I think the director wants some peace of mind I guess. *shrugs*
I would kill for us to use something like Slack or Teams for group comms (having come from the world of Call Centers where interoffice IM and group chat were a necessity) but the rest of the team has apparently tried using (consumer) Skype years before and disliked it so that's probably a no go. 

We have hangouts and we do use that for meetings if one of us is off site, but the IM piece goes unused.

We tried Skype for Business but I'm the only one who logs into it really. Everyone else forgot it exists.

We are a GAFE district as well as a (newish) O365 district but we just tend to use e-mail as a form of somewhat instant textual communication. :/
The rear of the back seat back and cargo floor in one of those has a hard plastic covering and folds flat so you shouldn't have too many issues putting a cushioning layer down. I do wonder about the length- the Vibe/Matrix isn't a particularly large car. 
The pictured sway bar links are quick disconnecting so you can disconnect them easily when needed for off roading situations that call for it and reconnect them when done. JKS is the brand for the links in the picture. 
Exactly.

> The performance and stability is unmatched, and is just as good a year later.

This is what's really impressed me. The 6S Plus wasn't my first choice (I wanted a 7 Plus but decided to hold off until we find out what 8 will be) but I've been pleasantly pleased by just how responsive this device is despite being a 2 years old design. 
It would have to be something truly compelling to get me to switch at this point. 

For me, the iPhone has proven to be a far more reliable phone. The experience is smoother, the apps are better, the battery life is amazing. Are there some quirks? Sure, but I've found them to not be as big of a deal as I thought they would be.

I think it also has something to do with my use case for a phone - back when I first switched from Windows Mobile 5/6 to Android, I was a college student and it wasn't the end of the world if my phone was out of commission for a while due to a buggy custom ROM or whatever. 

These days, I don't have the time or energy to really play with my phone. I rely on it for work and need it to be secure due to the data that I may deal with. So custom ROM's are out of the question. Because I was customizing my phone less and less, there was less of a reason for me to stick around with Android. 
If Google Maps would include a speed limit readout, it would be the perfect app.
Yup. The buildings seem to be almost faraday cage like in their construction - I can be in our tech office at my desk, maybe 30 to 50 ft from a window and have zero to one bar of signal. 

Once deep within a building, it's anything goes so all of us connect to the BYOD wi-fi. 

Outside, signal is fine. 
mail.app - work and University exchange email

GMail - Personal and work GMail (I work for a school system that is a GAFE school district)


Honestly though, Chat Heads is something I miss having switched to the iPhone. It was so good. 
It does require Cortana on your phone but yes it does work pretty decently. 
This is so true. The 90's (esp the mid 90's) were a time where opportunity seemed limitless, there was relative peace, and things were at least somewhat simpler than they are now. 
RIP /u/superheroic They shall be missed. :(
Make a trip out of it, hell you could even partake in delicious Swedish Meatballs and Lingonberry Soda!
Northerner here, Wegmans would like a word...
Thanks!
Thanks!
This. It's perfectly reasonable to be a little emotional about getting rid of a car, considering all the good memories you've likely made because of it.
Nice! JK's are cool. I'll definitely hit you up at some point once this thing's ready. :)
Thanks! I agree, it's a great school overall. 
Thanks!
Cool! It's not quite ready to wheel yet but once it is, I'll be down. 

Are you a member of the local XJ club, by any chance?
I was actually thinking about getting a DCNR otter plate but antique plate...who knows? :P
Nice, one of the things I'll miss is the town. It's good with good people. 
Tl;Dr - school was hard but I stuck it out. 

Sure thing!

I was supposed to start school in the Fall of 07, but my large blended family was totally unprepared for the "Estimated Family Contribution" despite being what many would consider middle class + the economy began to hit the shitter so even with financial aid, the shortfall was too great.

So I ended up going to community college and officially started at the university in Fall of 08. 

From there it's been a roller coaster ride of:

* Constant struggles with math classes. I have a math learning disability that wen't untreated for a while because my Grandma who I lived with until middle school thought I was too smart for help....thanks Grandma. /s) This caused me to have to retake math classes constantly (I took Applied Calc at least three times, Finite Math and Algebra were similar stories) between my university and community college (where i'd return multiple times to save money and get ahead on my other courses + retry math). My math issues combined with a car dying on me would end up resulting in me having to leave for a while. 

*  Near constant struggles to pay for school/survive on campus - I didn't have the benefit of much parental help, maybe for a book once in a while. As such, I almost never had enough money to pay off my tuition right away, so I had to go to the Grant Accounting office and convince them for a promissory note. I worked at a drugstore near campus most semesters then commuted to a 2nd shift job that paid far better but was a hour away making it hard to do homework afterward, etc.

Between work and my math struggles, I couldn't take a full courseload like the other kids.  At one point, much later, I was living with my brother's family while working in a ISP call center during the day, then nursing a POS rusty Escort hatch to the community college or (a bit later) the university. It blew a head gasket trying to merge on the freeway one evening I couldn't make it to class for a while so obviously, I failed. Again. 

Other things that didn't help:

* My university told me the wrong info about the class sequence I had to take, delaying my graduation by a year. I was pretty upset. 

* At one point, before moving and working at the call center, I lived with my mom and a dickhead of a uncle who was supposed to help take care of her but acted more like a control freak. We butted heads because he thought I wasn't working hard enough, despite working at the pharmacy and trying to get a tech blog off the ground. It came to a head and he kicked me out with a day's notice. I had been working at yet another pharmacy trying to save up. Needless to say I ended up losing that job. :(

After escaping call center hell, I got a far better job as a IT Tech for a local school system. They didn't offer tuition assistance for my position, they really wanted me to stick with a 8 to 4:30 pm schedule and the school didn't offer many evening classes so I just sat for a while. It was frustrating as hell though, with only 3 classes to go before I could be done. I had to make it happen. 

I explained what I wanted to do to my boss and she was surprisingly on board. I returned to the university in the Fall of 2016, luckily in a position to pay my tuition out of pocket like I was doing sometimes before anyway. It sucked having to make a 2 hour (one way!) commute immediately after work 2 nights a week but I was grateful for the opportunity I got. My first class? Math, Applied Calc to be exact.

I worked my ass off, studying super hard, making the drive to the university to go to tutoring 2 sometimes 3 nights a week before the exams, taking vacation days to get to the university in the afternoon on exam days themselves so I could get even more help, going to office hours and asking questions no matter how stupid. I was determined to pass this class and I got a C! Soooo happy!

And here I am, last Saturday I attended commencement. It felt weird, like just another day because it took nearly 10 years to get there, but I did it. I graduated. :)
Console colorway Nintendo Old Skools. So hard to find though...
I was looking for something to replace this myself. I can't find an app that replicates the math problem functionality as well as Alarm Clock Extreme. I even considered plugging in a old android phone just for the alarm. I'll have to give the app that /u/majnus recommended a shot.
And there's always one huge stand touting that they sell all of these items in one place. 

Fair protip - Avoid this stand like the plague - overpriced and mediocre. My date's corn dog was burnt on one half....like how do you fuck up a corn dog?
Nike Air Max Plus TN Ultra White/White
Those are Air Force Ones but I'm not sure of the colorway. If you look inside on the tag, you'll find the style ID (a 6 digit number followed by a 3 digit number). Google that and it may pull up some results. 
If I had to guess, probably Nike SB Janoski's or something similar.
Nike SB Janoski Max
My campus library has a "cell phone zone" you can escape to. Clever idea, that.
Don't forget the ones for stuff like "FuckBook" with similar colors to the real thing in the ads lol.
They actually reintroduced the Continental. 
You shut your whore mouth! :p 

I loves me some Communicator. Being able to dial someone by typing the first few letters of the name is a godsend. Ditto seeing their current phone status (available, busy, etc) before dialing. 
It's supposed to let you shift into those two gears. The ability to shift to Neutral while on the move is a governmental safety requirement IIRC, so you can disconnect the drivetrain if something like unintended acceleration occurs. 

Shifting to low is beneficial while hill driving and you can do it at speed for convenience reasons. It doesn't hurt anything. 
Oh shit, I actually used one with a borked trackpad like that today. Was my first time running into it. It's a loaner chromebook so it's relatively low on the priorities list. 
Really? I still have one and think the trackpad is great. *shrug*
They probably had it end so happy so that parents who were distracted would assume the video is fine as they came back to check on their kid.
For years now - I'm a IT tech for a school system - all of our elementary building classrooms have a Interactive White Board device, either through a interactive projector or through a conventional projector and a SmartBoard.
No problem! 
The rotating camera has been the most reliable part of our N22 ownership experience. Ironically, that's what worried us the most, while the rest of the thing has turned out to be a bit of a mess.
About the same chance as the problem occuring in the first place, at least with the devices we use (Mostly Lenovo and Acer, some Samsungs).

I've never had to do it more than once on a device. 
The TPM read failure issue can be fixed w/out having to boot into developer mode. You just need to turn the chromebook on, wait on the recovery screen for a min, then turn off, wait a min, then repeat the process.

You may need to do this up to 50 times or so but it will work 90% of the time.

Source: I'm a school IT tech
Yeah! I was like "holy shit a Omnia 2!"
Nope, I could tell right away myself. 
Looks like that chicken was able to make a hasty escape...from a Escape. 

(Yes, I know that it's a Kuga over there....the pun had to be made though...)
That shit's foul. It shouldn't even be called tea, IMO.
Personally, I wouldn't notice. 

It doesn't hurt to test drive both though and decide from there. 
Honestly, I'd continue looking at the Civic and Camry. What trim is the 2013 Jetta that you saw? If it's a base or S trim, at least the 2.0L engine has been around (literally) forever so it should be pretty reliable. It's dog slow though and isn't as fuel efficient as a equivalent Civic. 
S trim Mazda 3's of that vintage have a more powerful engine - a 2.5 liter motor with 167 horsepower vs the i trim's 155. However, you do lose out when it comes to fuel economy. If a lot of power isn't a concern for you, you'd be better off going for the SkyActiv equipped car - the mileage diff. between the 2.5 and the 2.0 are pretty noticeable. 
Totally agree about the Yeezys, to each their own but they're just ugly as sin IMO
I echo the Mazda 5. It's amazingly space efficient and, like all Mazdas, it's legitimately entertaining to drive. 
Try posting in /r/vans. They may know what's up. 
Nice Blink decal! 
Agreed! 
27 here, 28 in June. It definitely works.
As lame as it may sound, this has made my evening. I can't wait for it to come out, Neck Deep got me back into Pop-Punk. 
The Focus has a edge when it comes to driving dynamics (how a car feels when accelerating, cornering, braking), while the base Elantra is likely better equipped than a base Focus (For example, the Focus S doesn't come with power rear windows, a Elantra SE certainly does). 

Another thing to keep in mind, if you planned on getting a automatic Focus, you should know that the PowerShift dual clutch transmission has not exactly been known for being reliable. It also behaves a bit differently than the conventional auto box that an Elantra has. 

I would definitely take a DCT equipped Focus for an extended test drive if you're set on a auto box Focus. 
> Label everything you can

Definitely agree with this.  I also find that grouping stuff helps out tremendously. 

OP, I'm also a DIY beginner and I've found that it's best to always overestimate how much time it'll take to do a project. I dunno if it was/is because of nerves, going slow, or both but stuff always seems to take longer than it should for me. 

I changed my radiator and it took me a whole day lol. 

I swapped my valve cover gasket and that took a few hours. Ditto my Starter. Pretty sure it could take someone with more confidence and experience far less time. 

At least most of the things I've had to do have been straightforward and simple without too many complications under the hood. YouTube and forums are awesome for researching stuff, I bought a cheap older laptop to use outside that I don't mind getting dirty just for this purpose.  


Notification Center overhaul for sure, agreed.
I looked into the special financing when I was planning on getting a iPhone 7+ right away. Keep in mind that the financing isn't a loan, it's a credit card offer through BarclayCard, at least in the US. 

Searching the web gave me mixed reviews as far as BarclayCard customer service went, esp. when it came to how many payments needed to be made to get it paid off before x months.

In the end, it wasn't worth the potential hassle even though I could have paid it off ahead of time. I got a 6S+ to use as a hold over device until this Fall.
I thought they discontinued the Surface 3 (non-pro)? I guess obviously resellers probably have some remaining stock ...
Ahh the BlackBook. Man I wish Apple would do a black aluminum Mac. 
Absolutely, I've got the black laces tucked away for when I wanna swap them out! 
> also a little wider than adidas/nike so more comfortable

Definitely. I wear a 12 in Vans but 13 in Adidas or Nike strictly because of the width. 
I totally forgot about those. Yeah that's probably where I first saw this before.
You're welcome dude!
Nice! I love how this is turning into a thing of sorts haha. 
I hope so! 
Definitely one of my favorites. I tried to use the Customs designer to try and build it out (in preparation for if/when it's discontinued) but they don't offer this exact combo. :(

I may buy another pair to set aside for when these are too grubby to wear out much. 
For sure! 
Thanks! They're Old Skool Pros in the "Black/White/Gum" colorway - http://www.vans.com/shop/mens-shoes-skate/old-skool-pro-black-gum-white
I love this colorway, it looks sick and goes with everything I wear. Thanks /u/acScience for posting yours a few months back! 
Yeah. Or Roshe Ones. Same shoe lol. 
Interesting! Thanks for the update! 
The fact that 216 people found that helpful is depressing. 
Those are pretty much the ones I watch these days. I got into Redline Reviews early on and it's impressive how they've/he's continually upped their game for years now from doing just general overview vids a'la SaabKyle to their own full/opinionated reviews, running auto show coverage, etc. 

Alex on Autos is also excellent. He was great at TTAC and is great doing his own thing as well.

I like both of these channels because they not only review luxury stuff but also everyday models, and they give them the same level of attention as the high end luxury brands. Alex, in particular, seems willing to try and get mundane stuff to review based on viewer feedback on what they want to see. 

I also like Autogefühl on YouTube. They're a German/Euro focused channel but the hosts do review cars in English and do great work. 
I honestly wish that they kept the Patriot around for a while instead of selling old and new Compass side by side. Sure the Patriot is similarly subpar, but I (admittedly biased toward boxy XJ esque designs) liked the look of the Patriot more. 
I was wondering about this, I tried to get used to the "new" Autoblog podcast without him but couldn't do it...Dan truly was the face of the podcast. I knew he had one or two episodes of a podcast on Shoutengine as a side project but didn't know he started a new one that he'd be doing regularly. Thanks dude! 
The polos to my knowledge are 100% cotton. Ditto the underwear. 

The carpet - no idea as this place is rented. 

I didn't find any weard patches or anything weird around the edges of the carpet. 

Yeah I do put them in the dryer. 

We shall see if any more clothes have holes in them when i get back from my week's vacation
I love it when people talk about little shit like this, plus I am one of those "this sounds cheap" people. I'll definitely be checking it out.
Yeah but is your tree air freshener backlit by LED illumination?

I don't think so.
I thought all of the phones you get with the iPhone Upgrade Program are the Verizon spec model just because it'd let you switch to Sprint or Verizon if desired.
You're not wrong. 
Damn, I'm diggin this! 
The funny thing about the Neon - even if it did have power windows, only the front's were power. That and the current gen Ford Focus (base S trim) are the only American market compacts in recent memory to have it like that. 
Oldsmobile was supposed to be a bit more upscale and luxurious than say Chevy so the power features being standard more often doesn't surprise me. You *could* get a Cutlass Ciera (for example) with manual locks/windows though. 
No difference
Wait, real talk, they can calibrate the touch targets? I'm probably going to set up a appointment to get mine done then - I thought it was just me moving to a different phone but I find that the touch target is off by a hair below where I should hit causing great frustration
That silence you hear is /u/stehekin still cleaning up after pondering that scenario.
Awesome! Thanks! 
Maybe I'm missing something but this is what I did.

I added the podcasts i listen to via the + button on the upper right, searching for the podcast, then hitting subscribe. 

I then hit Done, checked the downloads queue and found it downloading the latest episode of each podcast. I'd rather do this myself. 

I also couldn't find how to delete a podcast episode that I accidentally started to stream/download - I thought the "delete podcast" button did it but nope...it removes the entire feed. :/
You may be surprised - Windows 7 runs better than Windows Vista and has lower system requirements. 

To be honest, it actually runs better than Windows XP IMO and I've installed it on netbooks and other devices that initially shipped with XP without issue.
Get down to a large t-shirt size instead of a xtra large. 

Resist stupid binges for good.

Same. I was about to say, how much booze has been soked into it...
Good to know! I knew I had heard about "fake" pigs but wasn't sure if the whole thing were fake or if tiny pigs actually existed. 

Thanks! :)
Dumb question but is this a micro pig? Nice kicks btw.
I live in south central PA, it's a almost weekly occurrence. 
Learning quickly apparently. Congrats. :)
I remember that show. I could never get into it.
The Brothers Flub - it was a kids cartoon about these aliens who were intergalactic parcel delivery drivers 

Edit: almost forgot about Pelswick - a cartoon about this handicapped high school kid and his life.
SMART got bought by Foxconn huh? Interesting. 
Nice! I have the same pair of Authentics, just wish I was better at figuring what to wear with em.
Make sure your Chromebook's OS is up to date. There was a weird update a few versions ago that would cause random reboots over and over. 

I've had luck just going to settings -> About Chrome OS, clicking the check for updates button then letting it update through the reboots, but if that doesnt seem to do the trick, try creating a recovery USB and installing the update that way.
I wonder if they mean Agnostics?
Skinit is a reputable seller. I haven't used them but they were popular a few years ago and even Dell had a subset of their offerings integrated in their laptop configurator for a while.


I know people are saying "could have made the batteries removable" but couldn't that be more dangerous since you'd have average Joe Blow just removing this battery, squeezing it hard, tossing it, etc.


It's not hyperbole in the slightest. Innocent Americans will needlessly die early and in greater numbers due to this administration's various policies.

Mark. My. Words.
Same. MuteMath is great.

Nice shot OP, did you use zoom at all? 

I don't take more than a couple pics at shows but getting decent results is near impossible on my current phone. 
Same. I haven't found a song I don't like yet, but I'm easily pleased.
Keep in mind that this is usually tied to whether your family qualifies for free & reduced lunch. So YMMV.
Not only are minivan starting prices cheaper than a lot of 7 seat SUV's (that base Grand Caravan pictured has a 23k msrp and no one's paying MSRP for a caravan - expect 19 to 20k transaction prices IRL....) but they're more convenient and space efficient. Sliding doors are an absolute godsend, especially if they're power operated - No worries about your spawn denting other people's shit, a huge opening so you can strap in your kid. 

The minivan just makes sense, IMO.
Because parents would feel better knowing that yes, there's parental controls on the console. Even if they don't plan on using it, the fact that it's there can make a "no" decision into a "yes" decision for some parents. 
Tuesday for me. I'll still drag my ass to work the next day + an evening class. 

It's that worth it.
Fuck yeah, a Baltimore date. TMP's a band I've fallen in love with as of late and Broadside, fuck I've wanted to see them so bad.

Between State Champs/With Confidence, Trophy Eyes/Moose Blood, Bayside and this...It's gonna be a hell of a spring/summer for me. 
The persistent System UI leak (along with other bugs like the flashlight timeout bug that breaks the camera until reboot) has left me disappointed.

Not in the fact that bugs occur, but how Google has handled taking care of them.

I get it, the phone is 3 years old now, fine. But I'm sure there's some cursory testing + checking user feedback online and it's still not fixed? You'd rather leave at least a segment of your users with a broken experience as their final experience with the device?

I could see a shit-tier phone maker doing this but not Google and/or LG.

It leaves a bad taste in my mouth and it's a underlying reason why I'll probably be leaving for a iPhone. 
It happens to me all the time. So annoying.
I saw one for my town in a city parking garage a few years ago and saw another fleet one on the highway. Cool stuff 
Holy shit, yes. Not only is the Cavalier still a surprisingly popular "high school/college" car, but it's almost a rite of passage that you'll end up in the back of or driving one at some point.

Like Chicken Pox...it just happens if you live here for an appreciable amount of time.
The limo tint makes it easier to ignore.
They knew from a few years ago that they were dealing with unsupported hardware and were told that when the toner runs out or they break (and it's not something simple like a paper jam) it's done unless they pay for the toner.

For the most part it's gone well. There was some initial grumbling and we did let people print to classrooms nearby if asked which wasn't a lot. 

It'll really be interesting when we enter the next phase and lower the count further. Now that we have PaperCut and have "follow me" queued printing to the copiers, it'll hopefully lower the apprehension factor since it's harder for people to hog a copier and easier for people to pick up print outs at any copy room or the office.
Accurate AF. 
As a tech who hates dealing with printers, our classroom printer reduction project was wonderful. The only printers left are supported by our print services company.

I cannot wait for the rest to go eventually! 
You and me both buddy. I do alright on a touchscreen these days but miss my landscape sliders. The Droid 3 i owned was great hardware saddled by shit software. The OG Droid I had was great yet terrible at the same time and the Samsung Stratosphere was a hot mess.

The phone I really wanted (HTC Merge) had this terrible disaster of a half-aborted launch so it was hard to find and ROM support, let alone official OS upgrades non-existent.

Those keyboards though. 
Absolutely thirded. Neck Deep got me sucked back into Pop Punk. And I'm not complaining in the slightest.
I'm hella late (didn't visit the subreddit in a while due to finals) but was seeing em awesome? Always wanted to see Valencia live...
This would be sweet! I'd like it to be able to put the shows on my calendar if I wanted, that way I could keep track of them, when to get tickets, etc. 
Nah that tier is reserved for FCA shit lol. ^and ^I ^like ^FCA/mopar ^shit ^but ^even ^I ^know ^that ^they're ^not ^that ^great ^in ^terms ^of ^being ^a ^reliable ^car....
ZooPals make eating....FUN!
That's what I've heard, precicely. Just a hassle that I'm not sure I want to deal with.

IPhone Upgrade Program is great but it's only for post paid customers. I've had post paid service before but it's nice knowing that i'm paying 60 bucks period for service including taxes and fees. 

Still, to not deal with Barclay....it may be worth the switch.
I'm in the exact same boat (have been agonizing this for days, actually...) and did the math.  You're right, the payments to pay everything off on time are around 58 bucks for me (7+ 128 gb with applecare).

EDIT: the interest would come after if you didn't pay in time. So you'd be wise to stay on top of it and pay it on time or a little ahead. Also, never ever miss a payment.

I just don't know if I should do it. I've read really mixed reviews of the Barclay Card in general. I'd be receptive to switching to a post paid carrier and doing iPhone Upgrade Program or iPhone Installments but would be giving up a lot of data (10 GB vs 2 on AT&T) and would potentially be paying more plan wise than my 60 bucks a month. 

Do I want to finance this for 18 months only to miss the next update cycle?

I just want a new phone, preferably before income tax time. :(

Got it! I was hoping that someone would send them a XJ design so when I saw it, I had to have it.

That and it was red, like mine. Lol
Infiniti/Nissan has had this for years now. https://youtu.be/t4x1WBRS5Ms

At least on the page for the Maxima, it suggests that it'll activate AEB as well if you don't react to the Predictive warning.
So can Infinitis with Predictive Forward Collision Warning. They can see 2 cars ahead of you.

Not saying that the Tesla isn't cool, it is and AutoPilot is great stuff, but it's not necessarily a Tesla only thing. 
The Infiniti system is separate from ACC but uses ACC technologies. It's called Predictive Forward Collision Warning. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4x1WBRS5Ms
Infiniti's had something similar for a while. Cool stuff.
Agreed with Vans, my Era's and Slip On's are some of my favorite shoes to drive stick in.

Nike Free Runs are also great stick driving shoes, at least for me. 
Dat Franzia lyfe.
Why wouldn't you want to know that you're on the fastest route? I appreciate Google letting me know that and my est arrival time verbally at the start of a trip so I don't have to look at the screen.

I usually use it when I am in a pretty unfamiliar area or will be on a new route. I could see it being annoying if you're using Navigation for places that you're familiar with...
Personally I couldn't deal with that. Just way too risky for a fling. 

Research. Research. Research. Do your homework on the clause and make sure it applies for both hetero and homosexual encounters.

LOL you think people actually read that? :P
To be fair, the front fender, in theory, is a good place to store a battery.

Chrysler claimed that it's shielded from engine heat that way, so the battery lasts longer. The battery is lower in the vehicle so there's a (admittedly marginally) lower center of gravity.

It's also likely less expensive for the OEM than the other alternative, placing the battery in the trunk. 
He appointed people who are deeply opposed to LGBT rights, including his running mate. If you're gonna talk the talk, you gotta walk the walk. Just holding up a flag by your fingertips to the press ain't gonna impress me much. 

He says and does things that he thinks people wants to hear - he's in no way shown actual convictions toward LGBT rights
Windows Defender/Microsoft Security Essentials and Malwarebytes anti-malware.
In most cars, it'll take a little time for the hot air to flow on a cold day because the heating system relies on engine heat warming the coolant.

Turning on the heat and cranking the fan to max right away will just blow cold air on you. Not fun. (Fun fact: This is why some cars with automatic climate control set to "auto" won't turn on the fan at all on a cold day until the engine is warm enough to allow for warm air to flow)

It's best (for comfort) to turn on the heat once the needle moves toward the center, but it won't hurt anything to turn it on sooner, it'll just feel cold in the car.

Of course, if your windows are iced over, yeah go ahead and turn the defog function on right away so it can melt the ice as the engine warms while  you clear off snow.

In summer, I usually roll down all the windows and activate "Max AC" right away if my car has been sitting in the sun all day. No need to wait IMO. On cars without a Max AC button, you can do this by hitting both the AC and the recirculation button. Don't forget to turn off the latter later once things have cooled down so your windows won't fog up.
Yes. When you click shut down, you're asked if you want to reopen any windows that are open in the active session.

Uncheck the box before shutting down and you should be set.

Note that if you just close your lid (as opposed to choosing shut down from the Apple menu), the computer enters sleep by default.

 Sleep leaves all your windows and apps open so you can work right where you left off upon opening the lid.    

Edit: shut not shit lol
The eMac. I love that design, CRT display and all....
If it's a mid-2010 model or newer, you can upgrade to Sierra.

Go back to about this Mac, then click More Info. You should see what year (ex- mid 2010) your Mac Pro model falls under.

 Edit: you'll also need to update your Mac OS version to Snow Leopard first before upgrading to Sierra. You can get the disc for cheap at the Apple online store: http://www.apple.com/shop/product/MC573Z/A/mac-os-x-106-snow-leopard
haha, yes! 
Accurate as fuck, lol. These may be formulaic as hell but every Friday night, I'm tuning into Dateline. I'm actually watching it right now haha.
Skimception!
The colorway on those is awesome! So simple. 
Discord is a chat service originally intended for PC gamers - it's less bandwidth/resource intensive so more of that stuff can go toward your game.

However, it's gotten popular with groups outside of gamers who want a easy way to group chat either on PC or via the phone app. 

OP created a Discord chat room to discuss Pop-Punk and such, I presume.
Back when I worked in a call center, I'd have this fantasy every morning. 

"What would happen if I just hit this bridge abutment/tree/etc? A little swerve and that's all I'd need, esp. in this shitty early 90's compact car..."

I knew I had to find a new job at that point. 
Interesting, they've let us combine machines into one ticket and send them in. It's a semi annoying process: you get sent a Multiple Machine template to fill out then send back, then you wait for them to send you another template that you include with the shipment along with Inventory Control Sheets filled out for each machine you plan on sending. 

I just sent out 3 or 4 of them this past week like this.
A lot of ours had the "T & Y", "5 & 6" keys not working issues due to a bad batch of keyboards Lenovo got right when our order was placed. 

They seem to have it under control now and we ended up working with our vendor to send us keyboards to replace ourselves after we were concerned about slow turnaround times we were experiencing with Lenovo's repair depot.

The machines themselves are decent enough - we were worried about the flip camera but none of those have broken. I do wish there was a power LED, they seem to take a half step longer to boot when you lift the lid than the Acer or Samsung units that we also halve.

I concur with /u/Vriff205 - make sure you get the upgraded warranty. We ordered through our Intermediate Unit and they did not, so we have to pay to ship them out. Lenovo obviously covers the return trip though.
Museums? Going to the gym together?
I don't like overly cush TP - it doesn't feel like it's getting the job done.
I don't mind kids but I'm also selfish as fuck and grew up with three siblings.

I want to do all the things that being child free let's me do like spend more money on myself, go places spur of the moment, etc.
My bed. I was skeptical at first, coming from a "traditional American" bed with a box spring, higher height from the ground, etc. But my Ikea bed is extremely comfortable and surprisingly durable.
Nope. You can't put graphics cards in most laptops.* 

The graphics that it comes with is what you get unless it supports some kind of external GPU solution ...something that is highly unlikely in the case of the Acer.

*There are laptops that, in theory, support switching out one dGPU for another. Those laptops have GPU's that use a standard called MXM. However, these laptops aren't very common. 
Did I reply back to you? Can't remember. Anyway, thanks so much, I'll check that out as an additional resource.
Thanks! I know it's not really an impressive (in any sense) set of kicks but I'm a college kid who's really just getting into shoes hah. 
Me: I really shouldn't buy this, I've got winter tuition coming up, car stuff...

Inner Me: Buy the fucking merch....

Thanks /u/roejiley. You're the *worst*!

:P
Those are nice! 
Can't wait until 1/20! Hopefully this'll be on the album.
Ugh I completely forgot about that genie shit. That also sucked.
As a former ISP tech support rep, almost nothing struck fear in my heart like finding out that the customer on the line had a Belkin router.

Even worse, it seemed that the most n00b of users would have these for some reason.

Fun times... /S
You do know this isn't a official subreddit right? 
I'm tempted to go to one near my house tomorrow just to see this shit first hand lol.
It's college man. As a fellow college kid, stupid accidents and parties kinda go hand in hand.

In any case, a screen replacement should be pretty inexpensive. Or...perfect excuse to upgrade?
Done! Good luck with the survey!
Dude, i just had the same thing happen today and was gonna post here with the file... I got redirected from caradvice.au. Damn ad networks...
I would kill for Slack but we have Hangouts and no one uses it, my boss tried Remind, Voxer, etc. Apparently they tried Skype in the past as well.

Coming from a ISP tech support call center where we used Office Communicator and Office Communicator Group Chat for everything, it's kinda frustrating sometimes relying on email or interrupting someone in the middle of something by walking over to their desk or asking a question from across the shared office.
No Prob! Ouch, and I thought fluctuating between 12 and 13 was bad. Good luck dude, they look sick! 
Those are Navy 990's. - https://www.eukicks.com/new-balance-990-navy/
Those are 996's. Edit - found more info on the colorway - https://www.sneakerfreaker.com/sneakers/new-balance-996-greynavy/
The Status was a cool idea with very shit implementation. :/
Those look comfy as hell. I need to eventually renew the cushioning in my driver's seat. It'd be cool to swap em out though....
If the screen eventually comes back in its own (with a message in chrome browser that says it stopped responding), go into settings -> about chrome OS and force a update. 

The screen may continue to go out and reappear but eventually the machine should update and you can reboot and be all set.

Source: is a school it guy who encountered this on Acer, lenovo and Samsung chromebooks. It was a bad update, IIRC.
Caring about what others think. It's held me back for so long.
This. Time to find someone that's not religiously biased. Sucks that you won't always necessarily find this out until you've been in a few sessions. 
Like this whole thing hasn't been? :P
I will be all over this shit if it happens!
Subbed. Thanks man!
Nice! Thanks for replying.

I want a large screen as well so that's part of the appeal for me. The biggest thing for me will be the improved camera and battery life over what I have now (Nexus 5). 

Swype is available on iOS so at least you have that? - http://www.swype.com/product-features/ios/features.html

I assume you can hook all that through the lightning adapter...hopefully so in your case! The lack of a headphone jack is also a pain point for me, but mainly because I'd like to charge the phone while listening to music/podcasts at my desk, in my car, in bed, etc. There's various solutions to all of that though and I may consider BT...not sure yet.

Man, the Note7....I considered just getting one of those since it was Android but waffled due to reports of performance issues. Kinda glad I did haha. 

Ooof, yeah, Verizon huh? Say no more. While I loved the coverage, switching to Cricket a few years back was one of the best decisions I've ever made from a phone availability perspective. I'd have played it safe as well if I was still on VZW and needed a new phone.

Best of luck! 
I'm curious, why'd you make the switch? I'm pretty much set on getting the 7+ in matte black if I do make the switch.

Also, what phone were you coming from and what storage capacity iPhone did you get?
I just changed my starter this weekend...here have a upvote.
Even worse is when you try to pass but they suddenly decide to speed up to match you. 
Yes! I'm about to switch from a 5 and I cannot wait. I love the phone overall but cannot wait to benefit from the iPhone's continued updates (leaving the flashlight bug was annoying but understandable. However, leaving us with a goddamn memory leak was just cruel Google) and superior camera. 
I don't see this post as hating at all. It's targeting a different market segment - one who isnt necessarily locked into a platform. One that when they think smartphone, likely think iPhone first, then "Galaxy" not Android.

It makes sense imo, nothing wrong with trying to get these people to consider something else.
"these accessories are just *exploding* with safety features! They're sure to cast a much needed flame to the overheated accessories market!" ~ a Samsung rep, somewhere.
Can't go wrong with a pair of all black Vans. 
To be fair, they call it something like "the intersection of technology and culture" IIRC. So the stories kinda fit...how tech permeates other aspects of our lives. 
Who puts up a sign like that....just keep the lights off. 
Aaaaannnndddd crossing off Minion from my "Places to go before I die" list.
Likely logic: "eh, hes a fellow trump supporter, exceptions can be made..."
I have to agree here. Plus, OP, keep in mind that if you build this for him and he has issues, he'll expect you to support it without exception.

Do you really wanna deal with family tech support (and eventual blaming when things aren't working right)?

I wouldn't.
Awesome, this was like my 4th show and I've never been in the pit (yet!) so I'm still learning. 
Remember? I still *have* a D630! Works perfectly aside from needing a new battery. 

I always preferred the Latitude over the equivalent Thinkpad (save for those dark days of the E6400/6410) but as of late Dell doesn't make a successor to the mainstream premium E6440/E6540. 

They're all Ultrabooks now it seems along with slightly redone XPS rebadges. Nice enough but not quite the same as something built like a tank like before. 

I do have a X220, mainly because nothing on the Dell side was compelling. I love it and the keyboard. 
Bahaha, nice! I was in the balcony so I missed that. 

Btw, what happened with the crowd surfers? Like the security dudes/ladies kept rushing them off to the left and right, were they kicked out or did they get to see the rest of the show?
 
Jarrod Alonge and members of Knuckle Puck had a beef going on Twitter recently over Jarrod creating a Kanookla Pook shirt and selling it. They *really* hate that joke, it seems.  
I was at the MD show which was like a day after it all went down on Twitter. I was kinda hoping for someone to try it just to see a reaction but I'm pretty sure no one did haha. 
Same. We do get to borrow a maintenance van if one is available for moving large stuff though. 


Don't shoot the messenger, it was just a insinuated opinion I saw/heard on the interwebs...
Stickers easily add 20 hp.
I hope that cart is bagged! Other wise you're just a poser. :P
An Apple exec used the word "courage" in a keynote to describe what it took for them to remove the headphone jack from the iPhone 7. It was seen as a poor choice of words, due to other things that people say takes more courage to do.

Some say it didn't help matters that the keynote was just 4 days before the Sept. 11th anniversary, a tragedy where...obviously...a lot of courageous actions took place.
Thanks, I'll study for the A+ and then will evaluate taking, it may not be a bad thing to just have. 

Yikes, yeah if I ever go for it, I will make sure I'm fully prepared lol
Certified Pre-Owned
Unless it's CPO, you lose out on the 10 year powertrain warranty. That's non-transferrable.

However, you get to keep the 5 year/60k warranty on the whole vehicle as well as the rust warranty and roadside assistance.

>I really hope they don't become mandatory and relegate the human driver to the status horse-riding is today. 

This is my worst fear. Sadly I think it's going to happen sooner than we enthusiasts would like. 

I don't want to go to a driving "park" to drive (something that techies who hate driving suggest for us "behind the times" people who want to drive but maybe not go onto a track all the time) around. 

I just want to drive around, on my own. Period.

It's weird and hypocritical because I also like the idea of features like adaptive cruise control. Maybe because it's a choice + it's not total autonomy?

Every car I've owned has been a Craigslist beater with varying degrees of success. 

I typically spend as much as possible (I'm playing in the 1500 to 2k range) and go from there. 
Cool, thanks, I'll look into these! 
I'll have to bring both the ACMT and Google Admin certs up to my director. I know she's wanting one or two of the others to do the latter. The former may be good for me to know since Macs are appearing again very slowly in the buildings I frequent....
Good to know, CCNA it'll be! Thanks man!
Nice! Funnily enough, I'm already subbed to his channel on youtube and had tried watching a few videos but didn't really commit, ya know? Maybe I should sit down and start slogging through on weekends and stuff. 

Seems like CCNA would be a good baseline, I'll need to look into it more. :)

Yeah, I don't think i'd be down for paying for a class when stuff like the Messer videos are available. 

Thanks! Good luck with your exams.
>  But, I would think you would feel more confident because you would have more knowledge after you studied than if you didn't. And even if you do not get the cert, knowing the information that is covered by those can't hurt you.

That's what I'm thinking. 

I'll probably study at this point but not take the exams, at least for A+, etc... seems like the best course of action these days.

Thanks.
Thanks, I'll definitely continue learning through asking for help. 

Where do I want to go? I kinda like the little bit of everything I encounter now, but I know that as I move up the positions typically get more specialized.

I'll definitely need to get a plan together. Thanks!
Will he get his replacement?
Annnnddd I'm officially into The Hotelier. Thanks for that. :P
I'm gay, he definitely doesn't sound gay. Aside, what does that have to do with knowing or liking cars. Lame dude.
Several systems already do. The latest Honda/Acura systems do. Ditto Hyundai and Kia.
Nice! I'm jealous - I slept on them and now they're hard to find for a reasonable price online, if at all. 
this one: 🖕
This ad makes my blood boil. This isn't a way to reach millennials, it's more of a way to piss us off. 
To be fair though, the things you don't do are the things that a lot of people do.

My N5's performance is pretty inconsistent esp. if I haven't rebooted it in a few days. There's random lags and "hang" that I have to wait on sometimes. I do use it for photos more and more and find the camera performance to still be hit or miss. Auto-Focus, in particular, is a bugaboo. 

It's a good phone, and great if your needs are modest, but I'm growing more frustrated by it as it gets older. 
So that's where the Ashley Madison peeps landed after the "she's a bot!" fall out there.....
>is there any specifics on which batch were bad? I know they are about end of life. Also with the black screen lockups would you need to reboot them, wipe them, or were they just toast? How is lenovos customer service on these?

>Sorry for all the questions!

I'll have to recheck my email (typing between sets at a concert ATM hah) but our rep did say rhat they aren't using keyboards from that supplier anymore.

For the black screen lockups, you could hold down the power button for a while (longer than normal) and it'd turn off. Then you boot as normal.

Of course, because its longer than normal, the students end up reporting them as broken...

On some occasions I would wake one of the affected n22's and it would wake to the black screen so it's not like it's completely locked up if it makes sense?

I've been powerwashing them as a precaution via USB but I already got a repeat back a day after "fixing" it. 

I picked up 12 today, out of the 12, 5 of em were down due to this. 

Customer care has been kinda iffy. The reps are nice enough but the process to return is a pain - Acer is a lot easier.

 Like, we have to pay to send the devices out to lenovo for service. The turn around time has also been pretty slow. The rep said this was due to a restructuring of their support and it should be getting better. We shall see.
We rolled out N22's and have been disappointed by them overall, despite feeling solid from a build perspective. 

 Apparently a batch were being made with defective keyboards - certain keys like T, Y, and the chrome shortcut keys work erratically or not at all.

There's other issues too like random lockups to a  "black" screen and stuff. 
Who says I'm alive?
Summers, days when kids are gone, and Casual Fridays for me = band tees and cargo shorts.

Feels good man.
I really don't look at the filter logs, only our network admin and director do that lol. 

I imagine many? Reddit is blocked at work, sadly. 
Indeed I am, I'm one (of several) IT people at a school district.
This is scary accurate.

Except for the sweats thing, I'm not allowed to wear those really....
A potentially novel idea ruined by underpowered hardware. 
It's more for people who were in another country while this thing happened and would have been screwed otherwise for the return trip. 

Because dealing with your carrier is hard enough, now add that you're stressed in a totally different country with a flight that's coming up on top of it.

The exchange booth at the airport makes sense. Just swap and go before you even have to deal with security. 
I do! That was a period of weird form factors for Motorola. The BackFlip and FlipOut are two standouts. 
Same, I have applied calc homework to do....that'll probably be done tomorrow.
They're just as terrible as you imagine: http://www.lifehacker.com.au/2015/08/taste-test-how-does-coles-fake-kfc-compare-to-the-real-thing/
This. That description is spot fucking on.
And followed! This is awesome! 
This. I'm taking applied calc for possibly the 4th time. 

Feels bad man.
Sucks you won't be able to go man! :(
Seeing The Wonder Years and Real Friends next Friday.
It is also made in Baja California so who knows which plant this one came out of. 
I'm sensing a trend....
Big Brother and Survivor.

Like, who watches that anymore....
The 5C is like the unloved redheaded stepchild of iPhones - no one remembers it when saying such things like "Apple didn't do midrange!" or "Apple needs a lower cost iPhone!" (said before the SE came out)

I'd rock a 7c Plus in orange if that ever were to happen.
Guilty! How's it goin dude?
Yes, the V8 model.
You have automatic climate control if that pic matches your setup: those two knobs adjust temp for each side - hit the Auto button and the car will maintain whatever temp you set.

Physically adjusting the dash vents is a manual affair regardless of system. 
I spent 100 bucks on a tool kit. While every other item snaps securely into slots in the case, the baggie of L wrenches just fucking sits in this hole.

Sure enough, they fall out every time I close the thing.
Matte Black. I'm not a fan of glossy phones. I'd like the gold one too if the face of the phone were black instead of white.
The Burgundy Night Pearl 2016+ Civic is so good looking though: http://www.civicx.com/threads/burgundy-night-pearl-on-2016-civic.191/

It'd have to be a Touring model though for me, the chrome door handles make the look IMO.

To each their own and all that...
This. Honestly they have to. Maybe brand the next one as a Galaxy S8 Pro or something. 
Sweet Home Alabama. I hated it to begin with but then every station began playing it + it started showing up in ads.

Fuck. That. Song.
Windows XP's original slogan was gonna be "Prepare to Fly" but then 9/11 happened. In response, MS quickly changed it to "Yes You Can."

Those launch ads with people [flying](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=myrE7yvOQ1s) to Madonna music suddenly made a lot more sense once I learned this haha.
Same. That and teardowns revealed warranty voiding moisture detecting stickers inside the phone anyway. Other "water resistant" phones have this too so I'd personally never intentionally try to wet the device. 
Even corporate executives can get the "tummy rumbles"
Pretty much this.
"Please don't be Pennsylvania, please don't be Pennsylvania..."

*Clicks*

"Goddamnit!"
My first one ever 7 months ago. I saw Knuckle Puck, Neck Deep and State Champs in Baltimore and I was nervous as fuck...I had to get a drink of water at a Starbucks down the street to calm my nerves before going in.

I'm so glad I did. The feeling of seeing and hearing the bands live surrounded by like minded people was unreal and I realized that people really didn't care if I was awkwardly dancing because we all were. 
Not necessarily looking at the scale but I'll look at myself and go "eh you're not that bad looking," then I'll realize what a shitty delusion that is when I look at a photo of myself later, or notice the beer gut or moobs, or realize that I have a class reunion in June.

So probably once every day. For reference I'm 5'9 and 250 lbs. 


Fuck I have to get my shit together.
What was expected to take your interest in our products and solutions from a good holiday just keep looking a copy count very busy but not
I don't know if people get them often but the chocolate chip cookies at McDonald's are the fuckin bomb
True 
This one: http://i.imgur.com/HzYVoqs.jpg

Deja Entendu by Brand New has easily my favorite album art by far. :)
As a Nexus 5 owner I kinda have to disagree:

The camera (albeit improved by software updates) has been a mixed bag

There's physical build issues like the case cracking around the buttons and headphone jack, as well as the power button eventually flaking out.

The battery life was/is nothing special, borderline bad. Doze has helped somewhat but since it doesn't work when the phone is not absolutely still (ex: in your pocket) it could be better.

Signal strength has never been it's strong suit - there's phones out there with better reception.

While I like the n5's clean design, near perfect it definitely is not.
Is it weird that I WANT cable (or a cable like service only minus the 100+ dollar costs) at 27? Maybe I'm juuust old enough to not be into the a'la carte model but the shit I want to watch is on cable or PS Vue and not on Netflix or Hulu. It's also not widely torrented so it's like my only option.
Same. I liked Netflix when it had a back catalog of network shows I watched (mainly cheesy docudramas and such like Hoarders and, Locked up Abroad, and Snapped). 

But those are gone and I really haven't been into any Netflix Originals aside from Bojack Horseman. 

So why should I pay for this again? 
I ran into this trying to upload pics and video to Instagram between sets at a concert a few weeks ago. I can agree, not fun.
That's awesome man, esp being able to help with the CE sessions and stuff. 

 I was the computer lab assistant in my high school, spending time with one of the business ed teachers. I assisted other kids with software issues and troubleshooting (those damn GX series USFF OptiPlexes would blow capacitors like crazy) and got to pilot a Dreamweaver curriculum they were considering in my spare time in the lab.

I was incredibly grateful for my opportunity as well, luckily the district I work at has a tech intern program both during the year and during the summer so interested students can have similar opportunities. 
As a former kid who was always fascinated by the IT side of things at school (and shadowed the technology coordinator, what a experience...it got me focused in the K12 IT side of things) I would have loved to do that stuff. 
At least on Windows, the Spotify desktop app has been fine for me.  *shrug*
Out of those three, if reliability is your end game, the Mazda3 is your top choice. The VW's can be a bit of a crapshoot in terms of reliability. I would stick to newer Jetta's (2006 +) as that generation tends to have fewer issues than 99 to 05 models. 

For both the Jetta and Rabbit/Golf within that timespan, I'd stick to base engines if you're looking toward max reliability - that means sticking with the 2.5L 5 cylinder over the turbocharged models. The 2.5 doesn't have to work super hard in those and owners report few issues.

The fact that it's not turbocharged also means there's one less thing to go wrong.
There's a reason why European luxury iron depreciates quickly after a while - they can be a great deal but you need to be prepared for the higher maintenance costs. They really don't like deferred maintenance either.  

Edit - the ad looks like it could be from a private seller. You'll definitely want to check for any maintenance records the owner has, as well as maybe take it to a mechanic for a pre purchase inspection.
While that's not a significant cause/reason by any stretch. Some people are into this and do this. They're assholes but they're out there.

That's why it's important to trust but verify your hookups.

Source: am gay
Honda Civic or Corolla. They'll last a very long with proper maintenance. 




Kinky.
Kinky.
[Breathe Carolina - Stable](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7n2EFr-o_DA)

[Sleep On It - Unspoken](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mKha60qBUhY)

[WSTR - Graveyard Shift](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BXvNQz4Gg0c)

Cars.
Enjoy the bubble party!
Dunkaroos

Shoes.

For me I would also have to say your phone. I use it as a portable computer, cheaping out with one that has a postage stamp size screen, 1 GB of RAM and runs Android 4 or something would be a disaster.
That Paramax quality tho...
$100 pair of sneakers
That was classic. I remember having a mini jaw drop moment when I saw that haha.
As a sucker for these sorts of shows (if I'm off work, I'll watch Maury, Bill Cunningham, etc.) watching a bit of Jeremy Kyle linked from r/trashy had me rolling. 
I listen to almost anything but my favorite genres are Hip-Hop/RnB, Pop-Punk, Easycore and Post-Hardcore. 
Labels are for soup.


But really, as much as you want to classify yourself, just enjoy what turns you on. 
I know the scores aren't exactly stellar but I run Windows Defender (built into Windows 8 and 10)/ Microsoft Security Essentials on my home machines. If you use common sense it should provide decent protection.

We use the commercial counterpart at work (System Center Endpoint Protection) and its been solid, it definitely finds malware when our users download dumb shit.
Yes. It's called Factory Reset Protection: http://m.androidcentral.com/factory-reset-protection-what-you-need-know

Samsung and some other brands have an additional activation lock that works in a similar manner.
Mobile Tech Review, Alex on Autos
They didn't really, they just kept insisting it was a "lifestyle" phone. TBF, reviewers didn't mind the phone itself, they mainly thought the "female friendly" accessories like the charm and tangle free headphones were gimmicky and didn't work/sound good. 

But there are articles even before launch questioning whether it was a good idea/considering it to be a tad offensive.  
It was a absolute PR disaster. 


To be fair, they should have gotten in touch with the CPSC first.

Sure, people think of them as a useless and annoying agency for some decisions (buckyballs, etc.), but their work has saved countless lives and has held numerous companies that'd rather say "fuck you, i'mma sell this shit and count mah moneies" accountable for their actions.

Not saying that Samsung is one of those companies (they seemed to get the word out about it fairly quickly), but by announcing the recall with the CPSC, 3rd party sellers would have had real consequences for selling the Note7 anyway even when main retailers had stopped. 

They also could have likely coordinated the device exchange process with the CPSC and retailers - who are far more likely to get everyone on the same page when the government is holding them accountable.

Many will complain that the replacement handsets will take longer to arrive now due to CPSC testing, but I'd rather have a 3rd party validated battery than one that could go wrong again.
I also have old phones, can I film? You know, for science?
Ohh yeah sorry haha! 

There is a pin that you create (and type in on the device you're remoting from) but you can save it so you don't have to enter it all the time.
White
I use Chrome Remote Desktop a lot at work (IT guy who carries a Chromebook when working on tickets but needs access to my Windows machine for some apps) so hopefully I can help.


>Is it possible to add a "permament partner password" or something so that I can open up chrome remote desktop on my Chromebook and start controlling my home desktop PC (Windows 10) to run these more powerful programs without having to have someone log on my desktop PC and enter the code? If I had to have someone log on my computer and enter the password every time, it would defeat the purpose for my use case: I want to use it to have a (far) more powerful computer at my disposal whenever I need it, and there is typically no one home to physically use my computer anyway.




In Chrome Remote Desktop, there's a menu item to send a Ctrl+Alt+Delete command. Sadly I have never been able to get it to do anything at the lock screen, at least on Windows 7. I haven't had the chance to try on 10.

If you don't require that, you should be able to type your pw on the windows lockscreen and get in. 




>Also, is it difficult to set up Chrome OS to work between WiFi networks? Do I have to set up a static IP address or anything? Say I open up my Chromebook on the school WiFi network and want to control powerful gaming PC desktop on home WiFi network. I use my Gmail all the time, can I just use my Google ID to log in and "sync up" the passwords on the computers or something?



There is no complicated network setup. Ive controlled work PC's from home etc. It uses your Google Account to manage what computers you have access to. Just make sure you're signed into Chrome on the PC you want to remote into and that you've installed the remote desktop software bits (it'll walk you through this).



>Also, does chrome remote desktop use up a lot of CPU power? I am hoping that it is as simple as streaming a video.



I haven't noticed any performance issues but the most I'm doing through it is using AD Users and Computers a lot of the time. 

I think I did use it once or twice to access Microsoft Remote Desktop to get to a server and it was usable. 



>Thanks! I really want to buy a chromebook, I want to save money/have a better experience/faster computer, but sometimes Windows is required for a class to run a special program.



No worries! Honestly you could always check it out if you have access to another windows machine - you don't need a Chromebook to use Chrome Remote Desktop. 
Honestly, earpods fit my ears the best out of the headphones I've tried. I used them for years on my non-iPhone because of that until I found a in ear headphone/ear tip combo that fit and sounded a little better.


I'm not a audiophile by any stretch and found them to be ok. 
This. And this comes from someone who's never used a iPhone as my own phone. (popped my smartphone cherry on Windows Mobile, was turned off by Windows Phone 7's "locked downness" and moved to Android)

Fanboys on both "sides" suck and make the smartphone game less fun. iOS has it's advantages and Android does too. 

I'm jumping from a Nexus 5 to a 7 Plus once SIM-Free options open up and reviews come in.  
That's actually just what I'm looking for.  Think it'll work with a cassette adapter? 
I could see how one could get the cover band vibe for sure. Hopefully things will improve with time, as more stuff like California gets written that works better for Matt's voice

IDK maybe I'm optimistic?
This sounds fun, count me in!
I uh...leave everything in my inbox. :|

*looks at inbox with 2,690 unread messages....*
They did. And actually the premium Zune earbuds were pretty damn good good what they were
Given the circumstances, I think he did really well. Is it possible that, in the harsh light of a few days later,  in my concert induced high (and that it was my first Blink concert...I should have quantified/disclosed that but again....posting when half delirious/tired) that I exaggerated things? Maybe. 

I'll be all too ready to admit that, apologize, and fall on my sword lol.

It was a bit weird hearing the songs adjusted for Matt's voice when I was expecting Tom's but I quickly got used to it. 

I'll agree with your score of 7/10, especially since apparently a lot of fun stuff people were accustomed to (like the banter) was missing. 
Yeah our Sport trim is a bit of a stripper TBH - the new for '17 Sport Special Edition does sorta fix that but you still get the base 4 speaker radio. :/

The Hybrid is interesting, hopefully you'll find one in white!
I love the Sport but 4 speaker sound? C'mon Honda! 

I agree with the availability of Honda Sensing - it's brilliant.

For 24k list you get the perfect "I am stuck in freeway traffic for a hour each way everyday and just need a cosseting escape pod" commuter. 

No other sedan in the segment gives you access to all these "commute survival" features at that price point IIRC.
IMO the 6 is the looker of the three cars you're considering. However, you list speed being a thing for you, the 6 isn't necessarily the fastest thing around. It does handle like no other mainstream mid-size though, its brilliant in the corners.

Neither are the other two non turbo 4 cylinder mid-sizes though. But they at least offer some higher horsepower engine whether it's the 2.0 turbo in the Optima or Honda's excellent V6. 

A test drive of each will be necessary to see if you can make do with the base engines in any of the cars. Keep in mind that most people don't buy the V6 / up level turbo and are just fine with the standard engine, so you may be surprised at how capable these cars are.

As for the Accord EX, it does give you access to some niceties like proximity key with push button start and remote start. I dismissed this myself until I rented a Ford Fusion with it....it's handy especially if your hands are full or when it's super hot or cold out.

Also, Sport, EX, and above Accord trims have additional rigidity tweaks for 2016 that the LX models do not have. Reviewers found this to be a subtle yet noticeable difference. 

As for the Optima, its a great car in its own right. While I personally like the older one a bit more from a style perspective, the current car is pretty solid. It's not quite as engaging to drive as a 6 though, particularly in the handling department. 

 The hidden gem in the lineup is the LX 1.6T. The combination of a 7 speed Dual Clutch transmission and 1.6T is apparently a bit better to drive than the 2.0T. A tad quicker too due to less weight and the quick shifts that a DCT provides. If you test drive a Optima, I'd see if you could get seat time in all 3 engines (base 2.4, 1.6T and 2.0T). 


dat V70 tho. I'm nowhere near grandpa age and I'd rock one...classy.
Just got back from the Hershey show. Any skepticism I had (which was little to none tbh) was erased. It was excellent all around - ATL and ADTR were great and Blink killed it. Matt was awesome.  
Yes, although we've switched to a digital TV system, there are still a few cart TV's at each building for occasions where one makes sense (VHS tapes and the like). One of the buildings I work at has a flat screen HDTV strapped (and bolted!) to a cart.

It's as hilarious and odd looking as you can imagine.

Source: I'm a K-12 IT guy.
Serious dating - Ok Cupid. the people there just have higher quality profiles for the most part and the layout of the site makes sense to me. I also was successful there getting a long term dating thing going so that earns it bonus points

 Plenty Of Fish is a dumpster fire in comparison and I havent tried the paid sites like Match, etc.  I do pay for A-List on OKC and its worth it to browse invisibly IMO. I wouldn't get it right away though, if you have luck without it you've saved yourself some cash.

Hookup - haven't ever hooked up successfully so I won't rate them on that, but I think that Grindr as shitty as it is from a actual app perspective remains tops just due to popularity. 

I also have used Scruff and Growlr but depending on the kind of guy you want/are you may not be into those apps. I'm a cub who likes other cubs/stocky dudes so it works haha.

Edit: I've used Tinder as well and I went on a date from it. I like tinder but sometimes the location accuracy can be shitty + for me I can't tell if someone is in my state or in the next state over. Living close(- ish) to the MD/PA border, it's kinda important.

Friends - I haven't really looked to one of these apps as a friend seeking tool. 

Maybe something made for platonic stuff like MeetUp? Join a group that you're interested in and go from there?
Definitely! I wasn't looking forward to a 2 hour drive to Sherman Theater lol. 

Needless to say, I bought a ticket as soon as it opened up for non vip.
I am...not very bright lol

You'll have a blast! I saw Seaway and Knuckle Puck at my first show and they are amazing live. 


Plus ya know, The freakin Wonder Years are there too! 
I'm 27 and I'm going to this. No reason why my mid to late 20's should kill the fun!
I totally didn't click the imgur link like a dumbass, sorry! 

MD would be sweet as well, agreed! 
I'm psyched as hell. Crossing my fingers for a MD or Central PA date.
remindme! 1 day
Is there any way you could get back into the Compliance dept? Sure the pace is slower and it may be boring, but you're not on the phones and dealing with coworkers who don't exactly respect you.

EDIT: Or, you could hold out a month or two and see if you got the other gig.
Same. I was so excited about Managed Apple ID's as it would help prevent teachers from just signing into the iPad with their personal Apple ID's, we'd have control, etc.

But then they cannot download anything. Period.

Freakin really Apple?!? 
Maybe I should have been more careful on my test drive then, but I was desperate. Oh well, lesson learned and all that.

Thanks for the info! :)
Those accord tranny feels man...I had a 98 EX sedan whose trans showed signs of giving up the ghost within months.

The kicker, it was a 4 cylinder so I thought I was safe. Dug a bit deeper online and nope - 4 bangers were affected too, just in far less numbers. 

Still I loved that car. Maybe not as much as my SHO, but it's a definite 2nd place.
True dat.
They're called DC Net. 
Heh, names? I forget where their rooms are!
Maybe I'm shit at it but I have, just depends on how much pasta you have to be honest....
Correct, basically my point - the infographic could lead one to believe that "oh my oils just low, I can drive around and I'll eventually top it up..."
The Oil Pressure light doesn't necessarily mean that the oil level is just low like the infographic suggests.

When it comes on, you should (if it's safe to do so) turn off the engine immediately and safely pull over. 

Once pulled over, check the oil level as a low enough level can cause the light to come on, but don't assume that the level is just low and keep driving if the oil pressure warning light comes on (or if the gauge enters into the red)
They sorta did last year: http://truckyeah.jalopnik.com/costco-will-sell-a-kirkland-signature-chevy-silverado-1688925547
This. I expected it to be a new ad lol. 
Bought it in the spring: "heat works great!" 

*winter comes and I try to use the heater*

"damn this thing doesn't do shit!"

Local mechanic tried flushing it twice without success and said it was likely due for a heater core replacement. The weird mist i now occasionally see on the inside of the windshield at certain times supports this notion. 

It'll be done this fall so finally...decent heat in the Jeep. 
No prob! And that's the plan - I'm still working on getting it up to snuff mechanically (little shit but the perfectionist in me wants it sorted), then the real fun should begin. 
*looks at stock red/black XJ Sport in driveway*  "One day, my friend...one day...."

Seriously though, nice ride man! 
holy shit. :/
Probably so! Granted this was a IT position at a fulfillment center near home so I don't know if I'd get that much "incentive/moving expense" cash but still, I hear ya.

I also hear that working in the fulfillment centers is another circle of Amazon hell so maybe I'm doubly better off haha.
Maybe it was a blessing in disguise that I never heard from them regarding a IT position I applied for...Christ that's terrible.
That was my thinking. She thought she'd be VP for sure. Wonder if she's regretting it now?
More like a sidegrade but whatever, lol.
People have done it with Citations: 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6s6P_GY-4II
Short throw - Epson - the interactive ones can be a bit tricky to setup but once done it's awesome to know that you never have to fool with a Smart board that's having tracking issues ever again. (the SB680 is like..the bane of my existence...) 

The projectors themselves seem like quality pieces - we've never had any go wrong in the 2 years that i've been a tech in this district, changing bulbs is dead easy, the integrated speaker is decent.

For doc cams we use Lumens. They're ok, the software is a bit clunky if you connect via USB but it works.
Cool, thanks for the help! 

What kind of gasket did you go with...a copper one? Autozone says that's the only thing they sell that'll fit. 
Awesome, thanks! 
The floor of my bedroom in the room I had just rented - the carpet was thin, and the floor was slanted. So uncomfortable.

Once I got the bed put together, it was another uncomfortable night mainly due to the slant....I had to level out bed with shims.
Hey Britney was my jam, loved that song!
Oh this is awesome!
My Dad finds it interesting/slightly comical that I listen to pop punk - I've actively listened to it since high school (am 27 now) but I guess I haven't really shared any real form of musical genre interest with my family until this past year ("You're going to a show? That's new for you, what is it?"...cue the explainer...) so it's a bit "different" in a "wow, couldn't really see you listening to that..." way. We joke about it.

I'm also black so I suspect that has a tiny part in his logic but I'd wager 80% of it is because I look like a geeky sort who wouldn't be into it.

My stepmom who's white kinda thinks it's cool.

As for OP, you keep on being you. Every generation has "evil music." Many thought that Elvis was immoral back in the day. Ditto Michael Jackson. You'll turn out fine and your mom will get off your back.

Maybe it's time to troubleshoot that iPod issue too - could be just worn headphones.
Indeed! :) 
Kinda regretting not getting into going to shows sooner - if the crowd was good, I'd imagine this song would be epic to experience live.

Hopefully the hiatus is temporary...
I think you're confusing Motor Trend with Motor Week, lol.
Totally agree. It was a complete "huh" moment with that album for me. :/
Man do I miss these guys....
Remember though, you're building it for your Mom...she likely can and you'd save some coin in the process. 
Done. I'm a Vans and Converse guy so I chose other lol.
I've done that once or twice. The bullshit they spew can be a laugh, but the ones with the whiteboard drawings and diagramming are kinda mesmerizing to watch - that's some talented drawing.
Nah, there's definitely Velcro Vans in adult sizes too.
Some do/did, particularly early models like the first Chromebook Pixel, the CR-48, etc.

Now though, it's hard to find. Probably because Public Wi-Fi is even more ubiquitous, slow sales of 3G/4G equipped models, etc.
They sold their stake in 2015 apparently. Doesn't matter, I lol'd.
Kijiji is 100% owned by eBay. 
Same. It's even worse when you end up unintentionally making things awkward by not timing things right so you end up seeing them for a split second before turning around.
Also, at least for me, writing on paper makes me remember the information more than just typing it in. 
They basically epically trolled MS - while whipping up their own TV shit behind the scenes. 

It worked. They're succeeding both with TV watchers AND hardcore gamers, while MS is still reeling from 2013's launch debacle and pretty much gave up on attracting cordcutters/gamers who were also interested in cordcutting.
http://i.imgur.com/fA9hlEZ.gif
If I ever get to Seattle, that'll definitely be on my list of things to see!
I haven't had Church's so I can't judge on that, but between KFC and Popeyes only - Popeyes...no question.

 I dunno if it's the KFC's I have tried but the chicken has always had like ...a lot of breading...like a layer of it between the crisp outside and the meat. 

Kinda hard to describe. 
Exactly! 
It's awesome, hopefully yours will be as good!
Honestly I think my local grocery store (Giant PA - not sure if Giant MD, Stop & Shop, or the other Ahold markets use the same chicken recipe) makes decent chicken. 

Royal Farms also does a good job, along with Popeyes.

I'm not a fan of lots of breading, a thin crisp skin is what I like the best.

Of course, nothing can beat my Grandma's chicken. :)
Lies! Damned Lies! 
Never said I wasn't. Here, have a drumstick.
As a fellow black person, I don't get the KFC stereotype. Their fried chicken is straight up gutter tier IMO.
Exactly! I also find that I still type a bit faster on one as well.
I think this is it. I definitely have it on my Nexus 5
I would eliminate a camera hump (if the phone would have one) by filling in the space with battery.

Also, I'd offer a model that's exactly the same but with a excellent slide out keyboard.
It's not your lock screen? What phone do you have?
Having to try and pressure someone into doing something they may not want to or be ready to do. 

Having been on the receiving end of that shit, it's not fun. 
Yes. I love cars and electronics. 

I'd love to work at a car dealer if the job in question only involved me providing accurate information about the car and answering questions but not necessarily doing the sales bits.

Similar story for working electronics retail. I'd love to try Best Buy or whatever as a 2nd job, but not when it likely means being pressured by my bosses to upsell Monster Cables, extended warranties, and shit.

A third anecdote - when I was job hunting a few years ago for my last job, I had applied to work at a new Comcast call center - they liked what they saw but had suggested I try the call center in another nearby town since it was tech support and paid more. Sounded good right?

I go to interview at the other call center - out of the questions asked maybe only two were technical in nature...the rest? All about your ability to sell or persuade people to buy things.

I pretty much knew I wasn't cut out for it and turned the job offer down. 
Whatever 
This is sweet!
To be fair though, you work from home so there's a high probability that you're at least near some sort of charging provision. 

That's not necessarily the case for everyone and I could see why the iPhone's supposedly more battery efficient nature could be appealing.

Admittedly, it is for me - The cases where I'm actually at my desk are rare, especially in the summer (K-12 IT guy) yet I need my phone to keep up with work. My Nexus 5 is frustratingly shit at making it through the day. 

I'm going through the motions of looking for a new phone and would consider the 6P but there's that pesky lifecycle thing again...the new one's right around the corner. 

Hopefully my 5 can hold out until this Fall, broken power button and all.
hmm...that could work. 
Depends on your willpower but for me it was working overnight as a cashier at a grocery store.

I could pretty much eat whatever I want - sometimes id have one of the prepared meals we'd sell, but a lot of the time my go to was like a 24 pack of mini chocolate chip cookies and a bottle of soda.


Id put that shit in the microwave and warm them up before eating the entire container. 

It was bad. 
I ditched the thick, heavy, comforter last night for a very light, nearly paper thin, blanket I got from Walmart 2 years ago as I live in a apartment without AC.


Instant. Regret. Turns out i like the weight of something wrapped around me while I sleep....I felt instantly uncomfortable.

Needless to say I'll look online for some thin and cool yet weighty options.
Oreos vs. Hydrox. Hydrox were the original but were quickly overshadowed by Oreo IIRC.

For the longest time I didn't know this and assumed Hydrox was some sort of knockoff brand.

I still buy Oreo lol. 
They're also now more commonly bundled into expensive "premium" and "technology" packages. 

It was far easier to get a sunroof on a lower trim car in the past. 

I'd love to get a sunroof as my Accord EX had one and I loved it. But am I willing to pay 1 to 2k for a package that includes one? Nope.

That's a nice thing about Honda's...want a sunroof but no leather or other useless shit? Here, have a EX with a few more toys and your sunroof standard.
Looks nice! Have fun. :)
Would This Wild Life be considered Pop-Punk? If so, they definitely count, IMO.
This. Having two dispensers filled with Raisin Bran would be heaven.
Well initially, when the iMac was released, the i stood for "Internet"
Late as fuck...but I was disappointed when they went out of business - I'll never get to try those apple dumplings they always pimped in those ads haha.
Nice! I hope they'll have them on their tour - I'll be grabbing one! 
This gives me a reason to buy a color printer, lol. - Looks awesome man! 
Definitely not true, esp. in Potato/Macaroni/Ham, etc. salads

Source: I'm black
PDI = Pre Delivery Inspection - The dealer inspects each vehicle before delivery to the customer. The kit likely includes the spare tire tools which are installed in the vehicle at delivery.
Word.
What a monster!
Could you even get out of the car though...hell would you even want to risk it?
Love investigation discovery. It's still good oddly enough. It's the only reason I'm considering some sort of pay TV when I move. 

I miss it.
They did this on the 2nd gen through pre-refresh 4th gen minivan when equipped with quad seating as well.

I'd argue that a more traditional seatback fold and whole seat tumble forward style option (that the Pacifica also lets you do which is nice) like much of the competition gives you even more space. 
141k reactions, all positive, I suspect you're right.
I feel ya. I shuddered when I actually clicked through. Fucking terrible.
I guess that's your fetish. Nothing wrong with that...
Every minivan has this feature.
Same, it's one of the first things I turn off in Windows
Same here man, same here lol
If there was a Doughboys drinking game, taking a shot for every instance of Spoonman going "What the FUCK?" would definitely be a thing.
Star Wars and LoTR.

I've tried to watch both....so boring.
Welcome to Night Vale 

How Did This Get Made

Doughboys

Planet Money

This American Life
Same. "Back in my day, we had to listen to a poorly synced film strip interrupted by the clicks of changing slides" 

These guys have it made....
I've used SMS Backup and Restore for years now without issue:  https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.riteshsahu.SMSBackupRestore

It lets you export to a file that you can do what you want with. It also supports uploading to Dropbox or Google Drive.

Only thing I don't like about it is the UI can be a tad confusing but maybe that's just me?
About. Time. Waiting for Windows Update to take it's sweet time pulling down updates for Windows 7 as of late was like pulling teeth.*

*Yeah, I know, I know, WSUS....it's a project I and our network admin/specialist are going to be working on shortly. 
Not working on my Quicksilver card. :/
Playlists (the ones that users create are better/more frequently updated than the ones that spotify/artists/record labels create) are my go to. 

Also the "related artists" section on artist pages and the "Discover Weekly" section. 

Finally, I do have it linked to Facebook so I can see what my friends are listening to. I've found quite a lot of new music that way.
Damn, hopefully they'll make it across the pond soon!

Thanks and you bet I will! 

Hell yeah man, I'm psyched! Got tickets to see them this August.

You totally should! I've got similar plans myself.
I can't blame ya there.
Dude you look great, such an inspiration! Keep it up.

Bonus points for the Blink-182 shirt in your before pic. Love them. 
Yeah but on the other hand, how'd she know? 

I'd feel grateful yet annoyed. 
This. Fuck this world sometimes but kudos for the resilience and strength and bravery that OP has. Not many people could say they'd be the same in such a scenario. Myself included. 
I could imagine something that strong smelling being bad for your penis skin.

Nothing like having a fiery itchy cock n balls that happens to smell like super concentrated axe! /s
Nice! While the closest is in NJ for me, it's still cool that they're opening physical support centers
Tl;Dr - Even 4 cylinder 98 - 02 Accords will have AT issues eventually, despite what the internet says.

The 98 Accord I bought to replace a rusted out 92 Escort that blew a head gasket while getting on the freeway for a night class.

The Escort had always meant to be temporary after my SHO met it's fate with a telephone pole. Sadly it didn't hold out long enough and I had to scramble with a limited budget and razor thin timeline (I also worked at a call center at the time with a strict attendance policy).

I found the ad for the $1500 Accord on Craigslist and ran over with my dad - right price, decently equipped (EX 4 cylinder) and Internet lore says that the 4 bangers are immune to the transmission issues that plagued the V6 cars. Took it on a test drive...it'd need 2 new axles but meh I could swing that especially if everything else was fine.

 Specifically asked about check engine lights - none were lit on the drive, radio worked, etc.

I hesitated due to the axles and a slight tick from the engine at idle but my dad had gotten frustrated by me borrowing his car at that point and he forced my hand. The Accord would be mine.

I noticed after signing the paperwork at the DMV a day or so after the test drive, that the radio wasn't working - it was asking for a code. Now I knew that the battery would have had to be disconnected for this to happen but I crossed my fingers it was something dumb.

Wrong: as I got on the highway leaving the DMV, the car shifted weird and the fucking check engine light came on. Great.

Got a code reader - a catalytic converter efficiency code and transmission code. Brilliant.

A week later the SRS light turned on as I was parking in the school commuter parking lot.

Some other gems in my misguided quest for Japanese reliability:

The electronic controls for the vents stopped working. In the dead of winter. Nothing like trying futilely to defrost your windshield with absolutely no defrost vents or freezing your lower half because it's actually stuck in defrost mode.

The power door locks never managed to lock or unlock all the doors. Ever.

I got pulled over for a lack of safety inspection (I was car shopping yet again and had left a used car lot - wasn't sure if it was worth fixing the axles only for the trans to explode) and the officer actually felt sorry for me - he saw the CarMax buy offer letter of $300 (yes, 300 dollars) as I was rooting for my registration paperwork + heard my story about how shitty it was and gave me a much needed break.

Ended up frustrated after the piece of shit got stuck in my driveway - sold it to a mechanic looking for a fixer upper for his daughter. 


But hey, it had a awesome sunroof. So there's that.

I'd buy another in a heartbeat as I genuinely liked other parts of the car like the interior, ride and handling, and overall performance but it would have to be the 5 speed manual because fuck Honda autoboxes in that era.
Camry. Buick Century. Mercury Grand Marquis. Toyota Avalon. Prius. Town & Country.

I live in PA so basically anything that is stereotypically driven by the elderly, given our huge senior population (2nd only to Florida).
That I am gay. My dad and stepmom were fine but my mother was devastated. She wanted grandkids (by blood) so badly + is highly religious.

Things are a lot better now though, even if she isn't 100% on board.
How'd you find the store locator?

The USB port with a lighting bolt just indicates that the port can provide power to charge devices (like a phone or tablet) even when the machine is sleeping or turned off.

It is not an indicator of USB-C. USB-C ports have a distinct oval shape. 

The Tap 11 does not have a USB-C port, as such, the USB port cannot be used to charge it.
RemindMe! 365 days
I called their tier 2 support due to the same issue and they sent a text file whitelist. Not sure if it may have a URL that your PDF's don't but we added the URL's to our whitelist and now the videos play. 

Calling may be worth a shot.

Overall I'm a bit unimpressed by the "tech" side of Go Math. Stuff like not updating the IWB lessons for the latest edition, not providing a .PDF copy of the student text so teachers can import into Smart Notebook for markup, not building in IWB tools in the student eBook, etc. just feels bizzare. 

We've managed to work around this by having teachers save each section's pages in PDF via the Personal Math Trainer, but that's a time suck for them. At least we'll only have to do this once until the book is changed in the future. 
Vans. Unlike a lot of Nikes, they fit my wide feet perfectly.
Being twisted into doing something for someone else....usually involving my money with no chance of getting paid back.

Thanks, narcissistic Grandma.....
More Ovaltine please!
The gigabeat is the original Zune's less successful stepbrother iirc
As a school IT guy who wouldn't find out about that until 2 years later when someone actually blows the cobwebs off their CD and tries to play it...screw you buddy! 

:p

I admit though, seeing a Reddit username would make it 2% less annoying. So there's that. I guess. 
I just got tickets for the Hershey show. So glad I registered an account with TicketMaster yesterday - I suspect I would have been screwed had I not: so many tickets were already up for resale when 12:00 rolled around.

In the end, I probably didn't get the best seats, I suspect, but I'll live. 
Hah yup. I am a fellow Pennsylvanian so as soon as I saw your post I was like....yeah I live here lol.
I like pop-punk music. While I'm sure there's other black people who like it, I'm pretty sure it's not exactly common.
At least you survived to tell the tale. 
My podcast app has a sleep timer. I should probably get around to using it.
It's a choice between a Shake Shack burger or a McGriddle.
Colorado
Pennsylvania
This. I don't think I had lunch after seeing that shit.
While I agree with this, i think that key questions could open the door to self discovery.

Asking how a certain food is made and if your parent could make it with you sometime. 

Or asking about how things were when they were growing up, etc.
I like that too but I get too invested and end up pissed that I ended up going through several episodes because I forgot to pause the podcast before passing out.
I feel ya. Too soft and poofy and you just sink into them....too hard and you just roll around.

A Pillow's gotta be just right.

I wish one could lay down on pillows before buying them but I understand why that won't fly from a space and hygiene standpoint.

>Since he's a teacher ( not from my college ), could he be doing a social child abduction experiment? ( is he one? )

How old/where are you OP? You say College but I know in the UK college isn't what we call it here in the US. 

Since you mention child abduction as well, as if it could potentially happen to you, I'll leave it at this - if you are under the age of consent in your area, you should cut things off immediately.

 Proceeding could be all sorts of sketchy IMO, esp for him if he's aware of the age diff and is into it anyway. (eww...)

Ironically, the Five Hundred is roomy as fuck. I was stunned sitting in the then new Taurus and wondering just where the space went. It's crazy tight...it was tighter than my 92 SHO in there. 
Agreed. This is one of my favorites. 
There's plenty of incentive to upgrade man.

- Windows 7 or 10 is more reliable. Period. 

- IE on XP is awful and doesn't load many webpages reliably. Chrome is no longer receiving critical security and feature updates on XP. It's only a matter of time before Mozilla cuts off XP support.

Don't forget that a number of those 10% are computers likely not connected to the internet.


It may feel a bit *faster* believe it or not, esp. once you get 2 gb of RAM in it. 

I've witnessed this myself at work - two of the same freshly imaged computers (intel core 2 duo, 3 GB of RAM) ...one with XP and one with 7 ...the 7 machine feels more responsive all of the time. 
Honestly I wouldn't recommend this. Sure a good AV is important but it'll be harder and harder to find a AV that'll support Windows XP as it ages. 

If OP plans on connecting this PC to the internet, he or she should upgrade the RAM and either:

- Upgrade it to Windows 7 or 10: Windows 7 is surprisingly forgiving on lower end hardware - I ran it just fine on a MSI Wind netbook that shipped with XP.

- Install a lightweight linux like Xbuntu or something. 
> To put this in perspective, McDonald's kills more people with it's shit quality food

Hey! You leave the McGriddle and Snack Wrap out of this!
Nope. Power windows with auto down/up allow you to just press the window switch momentarily to lower or raise the window completely. 

Without this, you'd have to keep contact on the switch the whole time that the window is moving.
Oh man, as a little kid I loved me some Supermarket Sweep!

Yeah, I wasn't exactly Mr. Popular....
Ugh...I would do terrible, terrible things to have a RS. *drools*
No problem! 

You probably know about this but there's also a k12 focused sysadmin subreddit too. It's called /r/k12sysadmin .

I think I saw it there first when someone else was asking about signage, IIRC.
No worries re - # of questions. It's all good.

The Chromebits have been rock solid for us. No signs of overheating or anything that I know of, and both seem to pick up wi-fi alright.

We are only using them for the signs though. I did just check and CPU temp doesn't appear to be available in Admin Console for these devices, unfortunately.

The Chromebook is a C720/C740 so..yeah...it just works, is a known quantity, etc. It's connected to the TV the way the laptop was, through a HDMI extender. You can do this even with the lid closed, which is nice if you want to just sit it in the rack. 

The Chromebits we have are enrolled as regular Chrome devices, not single app. 

The sign builder is "interesting" especially for a product from a brand that's all about web based stuff.  - you make the schedule, specify the link to the Google Slides file it should pull from, then control the slide timing (in milliseconds...why?) and when it should poll for a updated Slides document in a web app. 

Oh...a word about permissions and the Slides file - you'll want to make sure that you set it to "Anyone with the link can edit." 

Naturally, we initially selected "anyone within *our school district* can edit"  but the Chrome Sign Builder app on the Chrome devices will get confused and display a Google Account sign in box instead of the slideshow. 

We're sharing the sheet with a very select number of people so hopefully that mitigates any potential shenanigans. However we do wish we could tighten up the actual permissions more to ensure that people outside the district would be stopped if the link were to leak.

You then export the schedule as a configuration file (which saves a actual file to your computer) and upload it to the chromebit via Admin console. 

This can make things interesting if someone asks to change the timings or schedule and you're nowhere near the computer you used to create it or are unable to remote into it. - even if you download the Sign Builder extension onto the computer that you're actually at and sign into Chrome...none of the schedules you made and/or config settings of those schedules transfer.

Our schedules are very simple but if you created a complex one, it could prove irritating if you run into the above scenario. 

Sorry for writing a novel, haha, once I get into explaining something...

The Google documentation on Sign Builder is quite good and following it as I created the schedule and uploaded really helped.
I'm a building tech at a school district and we're using Chrome Sign Builder for our digital signage. 2 of the signs are powered by Chromebits and a third by a spare chromebook. 

Before I suggested this route, we had set up a laptop in each building's server room that was connected to the TV in the lobby via HDMI extenders - on each laptop was a PowerPoint file...it was a pain both for us and the secretaries to manage as the file had to be edited a certain way to prevent issues from happening, you had to remember to run a batch file, etc.

With Chrome Sign Builder, the office staff can make any changes they want through the shared Google Slides document and every 10 min (you can specify this, of course) the signs are updated with the new changes.
For me, it's the lack of judgment: 

From this subreddit to going to my first show ever, I haven't gotten a "what's he doing here?" side-eye from anyone yet. 

We love the music and the feelings that we get listening to it. 

That's all that matters. 
On the flip side, I've become a fan of many artists by hearing their song in ads then being compelled to search for it online.
Especially iTunes gift cards at that.
The charity fund was so they can "look good" even if it wasn't promoted outside the company.

The no call/no show reflects their true colors.
If I'm dropping a deuce, I'll play on my phone (these days it's either Reddit or flipping through car listings while listening to music or podcasts), even though it's kinda gross.

If it's a public bathroom I'll flush with my shoe if it's not automatic. I'll also use a paper towel to open the door if I have to pull a handle in a public restroom.

If it's at home and it needs it, I'll spray some air freshener before washing my hands and leaving.
This is true. Don't miss dial up one bit.
Life. That shit is like crack but in cereal form.
The struggles your going through now will definitely pay off later. 
That sounds terrible. Did you take him go the strip club often or were you able to put your foot down and say no?
It depends on the people involved I suspect.

If you both know that this is just a fling or just friends with benefits, sure, I don't think it matters too much. 

But, yeah, for a LTR...I want both my partner and I to be open and honest and living our truest lives together. It brings the relationship to a whole other level.
That's disappointing...yet...because PA...not entirely surprising? Kinda sad that it isn't really.
Thanks! :D That's such a sigh of relief, you have no idea! :)
Thanks, I fixed it! Sorry!
I spent 2 days in a hotel in NJ this past weekend. I did a bedbug check there and came up empty. But I then noticed a few tiny bumps on various parts of my body - I have sensitive skin and was using the hotel provided body wash so I was assuming it was due to that.

Still, to be sure, I re-scanned the sheets and again they weren't bloody or had any fecal matter on them. 

Anyway, fast forward to this morning, bumps are still there but I don't think new ones have appeared. I'm hoping they'll go away. I wake up to find this guy crawling on my bed. 

At one point it appeared that it had some sort of wings..as it's back split then went back together at one point while walking??? (really hoping I'm not imagining this to make myself feel better)

I didn't see any blood and re checked my own sheets and mattress and came up empty. 

Anything to be concerned about? Sorry about the shitty pics. I have a crap cell phone that refuses to focus sometimes unless your a gazillion feet away.


I'm honestly surprised they are too but there ya go. 
I'm afraid that if i open the safe it'll magically charge me money. 

Same goes for the mini fridge or the "courtesy" bottle of water, coffee, etc. Fuck that noise.
This. I did that on my trip to NYC this past weekend.  You should also  place your dirty clothes in ziploc bags. I ordered 5 of the "big bags" off of amazon and also used one for clean clothes and a separate one for the cheap ass pajamas i brought. 

I tossed the pajamas at the end of the stay. Cause fuck bedbugs.
Oh they can and do get behind it. You can actually lift off the headboard yourself if willing. No tools required and you can check for signs of infestation.


TigerDirect did. Now they themselves were bought by PC Mall.
Facebanking and Phonebanking are both relatively easy, especially the former.
Once. 

Wrapped my SHO around a telephone pole due to a mix of issues:

Lack of sleep - I worked overnight for a grocery store chain and only got about a hour of sleep before going back across town to take my brother to a job interview at my employer.

Elderly PA drivers - this guy driving a grand am a ways in front of me, he passes the driveway he wanted....instead of pulling into a adjacent driveway and backing out....he stops on the main roadway throws it in reverse and just begins backing up. 

As I'm coming over a crest toward him. 

Fucker. He got away with it, because old. I ended up getting cited of course.

Mechanic - my mechanic did brake work but ended up deactivating my ABS system the day before the accident. I had to work that night so I didn't mention it to him at the time - I had to go. Because I no longer had ABS, I skidded into the pole as my brakes locked up.



DickButt Corridor
"Kali Ma" by Neck Deep
Another 26 year old checking in! While I've listened to pop-punk for years, it's this year that I've really gotten into it. 
Getting so many flashbacks of 2007/2008 with this one... 
Ahh, yeah I re-read. That makes sense. 
On one hand, this is awesome. On the other hand, this may make commuting through Red Lion a absolute shit show. 

I also can't help but wonder how many will show up, at least in the immediate Red Lion/Yoe area. 
I really gotta get more Adidas...
Because it's Reddit. Duh. 
This may be the first kickstarter I've ever backed.
Hah yeah I was like "they must mean SoundHound"

And yeah, it does. I have stuff going back to 2014 and I'm sure I've wiped this phone at least once in the meantime. 

Edit: I uninstalled SoundHound, reinstalled it, signed back in, and my searches and favorites were there.

I dunno if you've favorited anything but you can email the favorites to yourself from the settings screen, at least on Android. 


>I'm on a Note5 and wishwishwish I had never returned my 6P for this :(

>I got two yellow screens in a row and just decided to get the Note due to the hardware. 

>The more the market matures, the less hardware really matters. Software is king. I should've learned that after owning my Nexus 5 since launch and seeing how well it runs Marshmallow.

Not that I'm a huge Samsung fan but I'm on a Nexus 5 now and am asking myself a question related to this every time I'm considering upgrading. 

I know the 6P is the obvious upgrade due to its software but damn it's hard not to worry about QC issues that it's had. Bending around buttons, yellow screens, etc.

I know the N5 had its own issues with design quality (case cracking around ports and buttons, lettering inlays falling out, etc.) but it was also less expensive.

I'd just hate to get a phone, notice issues and go through the replacement game until I hit a good one. I probably would have to do that less often if I got a iPhone...granted a 6S+ or 7+ will be much more expensive so I guess it's all a trade off.

This. As soon as I saw her I was like... "Wait, there's other famous patients here?"  

Then, sadly, I realized that this probably will be more "entertainment" than "help." :/
Do you have a soundhound account? I begrudgingly did that to make sure stuff syncs. 
We weren't thrilled with the swiveling webcam on the Lenovo system either when we were evaluating after we switched to Acer's C720 from Samsung's Series 3 Chromebook - the swiveling camera is cool...but it just seemed like something bound to break.

We ended up sticking with Acer and choosing C740 Chromebooks.

So far things have been pretty good overall - I haven't had too many issues in the building I cover that uses them (about 10 per classroom in a "Hybrid Learning" setup), and at the buildings where they're one to one, they seem far more solid than the Samsungs. 

We had some with display backlight issues - seating the connection on the motherboard fixes it...if it's within warranty though we don't bother and just send it out. 

As far as repairs, the displays are a cinch to repair IMO. My biggest gripe is keyboard replacement. Clearly it was intended for one to replace the entire keyboard deck/surround, however if you've got spare keyboards and want to save coin...you *can* do it...it's just involved thanks to the keyboard and keyboard support panel being secured with plastic rivets. 

It took me about 25-30 min to pop the rivets with a metal spudger...but it was my first time doing it and I wanted to be careful- my coworker can do it faster.

I believe someone peeled up a corner of the trackpad on one....

I kinda wish we could have checked out the Dell entry at the time, but ordering that was a complete clusterfuck.


>recalled canned tuna...

Someone loves to live dangerously...
My July just got a hell of a lot more interesting...
I work in K12 IT as a building tech. We wear business casual (for us, polo or button down with khakis and dress shoes) Monday through Thursday with casual Fridays (anything you want within reason...it IS a school district). 

I'll pull out the tie and a good button down for special events/when I know I'll be in front of parents, but that's rare. 
listserv? What is this, 1990? :P jk jk. 
Just discovered them the other day, you're right, they're great.
You just turn on bluetooth in your computer and pair the two together. There's really no hack required if your PC has bluetooth.

If your pc does not have bluetooth...no amount of software will give you bluetooth since BT is a radio frequency standard like wi-fi. 

tl;dr - if your PC doesn't have BT, sync using Google Photos or send them via Email, dropbox (install the app on your PC so you can see it as a folder in Windows/OS X) or Google Drive. 
It was a lucky find - 5 Speed 4 door Sport w/ Upcountry package. It's my first but probably won't be my last. 
No problem! 

Honestly I'd get the newest one you could afford. 

The 2013 comes with more equipment standard that makes everyday driving nicer. - Bluetooth with audio streaming, a rearview camera, etc.

So that would be my pick.


If your PC has Bluetooth, you should be able to pair the phone to the PC and send files to it from the photos/gallery app on your phone.

To pair a device to a PC running Windows 7: http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/windows7/add-a-bluetooth-enabled-device-to-your-computer

To pair a device to a PC running Windows 10: http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10/getstarted-connect-to-bluetooth-devices


Once paired, go to Gallery or Photos and tap the share button. Choose Bluetooth then choose your computer.

 You should then see a dialog box on the computer screen asking you to accept the transfer and where you want to save the file.

If your laptop doesn't have Bluetooth you can buy a adapter for cheap.

Also, does it need to be Bluetooth? You could try using Google Photos to sync your pics and vids with Google so you can get to them from any web browser.
I have a 95 Cherokee with 140k. Drives like a dream.
I gotta agree, get the 2013 if both are the same price. 

The 2012 was the result of Honda predicting that the recession would require them to build a cheaper Civic that people could afford. Initially they planned on making the 2012 - 2015 model larger and more upscale but when the economy plummeted in 08 (with seemingly no end in sight) they rethought that.

They zigged while the rest of the competition (save for the Jetta and Corolla) zagged, growing more upscale with higher quality materials. Compared to the previous gen, the 2012 was both less engaging to drive and cheaply finished inside.

You know it's bad when Consumer Reports scored it too low to recommend. 

The 2013 was a (nearly unheard of in terms of speed) emergency refresh designed to spruce up the interior with better materials and more sound deadening, make the exterior more upscale with chrome and other styling tricks, and make the car drive better, all things that they achieved...even if it still wasn't quite as good as the previous gen (or the all new 2016 Civic).

Funnily enough 2012 sales were apparently still good. 
Black interiors can be "coal bin" in terms of atmosphere so I prefer beige...I do agree with the others though - beige interiors can get grimy fast - i had to clean my Jeep's seats and I swear they were a shade lighter by the time I was done. 

And I'm still not happy with the results.
I loved those ladies - they reviewed the Kim Kardashian sex tape and it was hilarious: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mYbLFD_BwE


True if you buy a non Hyundai CPO car.  
The 2 biggest competitors to the Santa Fe Sport are the Ford Edge and Nissan Murano. 

I wouldn't be skeptical of the Santa Fe or it's Sorento sibling - the powertrain is warrantied for 10 years or 100k miles. 
Sure, but there's a few reliable options that meet your 6k price point according to the list (of course, pricing is regional and the list was last updated Sept 1st 2015):

*06-10 Hyundai Sonata - I know...I know...Hyundai, but these have been pretty reliable according to sources like Consumer Reports. 

*09-13 Mazda6 

*09 Saturn Aura (basically a 2 generation's old Chevy Malibu - are generally solid cars)


*08 - 11 Accord (if you're willing to bump up to around 7k)
Could you go a size class up? A Civic or Corolla are good but a larger car could give you that much more peace of mind.

A used Japanese mid-size family sedan from this list: http://www.iihs.org/iihs/ratings/vehicles-for-teens could be something to consider and there's plenty of choices in your price range. All of these cars do well in stringent IIHS crash tests that were being conducted for their year of manufacture. 
ok cool! Thanks! 
Awesome. This would be it's first wash at home so maybe I should run it by itself just once? 
Thanks! I'm glad too! 
Sorry to hear.... I didn't realize that was a thing. I'd be fucked if i suddenly became allergic to poultry....
I'll give some general guidelines, I guess. 

You may have to hunt to find a system with a optical drive built in - it's becoming more common to leave this out to save weight/costs and make room for a larger, non-removable, battery. 

Because you want to watch movies and possibly do some editing, I wouldn't go smaller than 13 inches. This also increases the likelyhood of you finding a computer with a built in optical drive for DVD's.

As far as processor and RAM go - A mid range Intel Core i5 processor and 8 to 16 GB of RAM should be sufficient, especially since you may just dabble in video editing.

Hard Drive - I'd recommend a system with even a 128 or 256 GB SSD just for the responsiveness, as you can plug in a USB external HDD if needed/you're editing video. 

If you can't swing for a computer with a SSD though, a decently sized HDD is fine. I'd say 250 GB+ if you go HDD only. Try to find one that's 7200 RPM. Some PC makers let you spec this online, others don't and depending on the store...you may not get this granular detail when you arrive in person.

What's your budget btw?
>...idk never been to a show alone ya know.

It can feel daunting especially if you've gone so many times but never alone but it can also be liberating.

You can do this! 
IKR? I've just discovered like, half, of the bands that have disappeared so far in 2016 and I'm like..."story of my life." haha.
Nice! I didn't bother to get autographs, maybe with time and more shows. 

That TSSF tour sounds amazing, have a blast, friend or no friend!
Thanks! Yeah, that feeling after was awesome. Even chatting a little with the others as we went up the elevator - people are nice, asking each other about the show, etc. 

It'll sound weird, but it was like a tiny teeny bit of a "bond through a shared experience" thing. 
Driving alone isn't that bad, you should give it a try next time so you won't miss out on fun shit!

At least for me, it was about a hour and 30 minutes going to Baltimore due to rush hour traffic. 

Not having the little annoyances that driving with others brings was nice - no one complains about being too cold/hot, no one's knees are pressed against your seat, etc. 

I think you mayyy find it easier than you suspect...

Hah! No worries, to be fair my post was kinda cutting it close time wise anyway!

 Whad you think of the show?
>Really? That's about where I was planning (or Ottobar for TFB) Are you talking about Soundstage? I know they have next door parking so the walk back and forth isn't really a big deal. 

Yup, this was at SoundStage. :)

 SoundStage has parking both across the street and literally above the venue. I chose the latter because of the direction I came into the city. At least in the garage I parked in it was super well lit and didn't seem sketch in the slightest. 

I plan on going to Ottobar in May for Hit The Lights and Seaway. 

That would be absolutely epic.
That's why I'm glad I didn't ask/beg my date to come with. He's not into pop-punk and it would have accomplished nothing besides him being miserable and me not fully enjoying myself because he's miserable.


As a fellow loser*, I agree! :D


*but seriously to anyone who's on the fence....going alone doesn't make you a loser. :p
No worries! 

If it's anything like the one I went to, you'll have a ton of fun up front, believe me!

> Yeah, I can totally understand that, especially if you've always went with your friends. 
I definitely felt relaxed for sure! It was a nice escape from daily stress and I felt better after. 

Hah yeah...probably not going to go to *every* show, I hear ya. 
Nice! I'm glad that Ben was able to sing a few songs even if he wasn't feeling well! State Champs doing two more songs (both of them favorites of mine) at the end was the perfect ending for me! 

I was wearing the black Neck Deep "flag" shirt in the back by the staircase. Kinda wished I moved more toward the center as I felt like I was in the direct path of people walking by! 

Oh geesh, the crowdsurfers. Just looks plain fun!

And I agree with you on how going alone can be fun...one or two +1's kinda seemed a bit bored in the back..i could see how that could be a downer. 
Oh I have plans to dive deep for sure, already planning time off of work. :P
You can do it! Just think of how awesome it'll be! If it helps, this was in Baltimore around the Inner Harbor area - the only time I've been in that city alone was a few years ago! 

If the venue has on-site (or super close) parking, that may make things slightly safer for you. I know I felt a bit more comfortable, especially in a city that I was largely unfamiliar with.
As a guy who's tasked with troubleshooting them - they leave me filled with tears and sadness when they're broken. 
So brave....
Nah you're cool haha. Well maybe not since you hate sweet potatoes :p
OK.
They also tend to be "American expectation/JD Power survey" optimized as well.

 An example: ditching the rotary recline knob for the front seats because they'd get dinged on JD Power IQS surveys: the recline knob never broke, but even a usability issue - real or perceived, causes IQS scores to plummet. 

At least they've brought back the multi-link rear suspension on all Jetta trims by now, as well as disk brakes and a soft touch dash is standard on more trims. 

Nope, 26 here! I'll see what the rules are and will just play it by ear. Thanks!
If you do buy the car, you'll want to check the VIN to see if it's affected by the Takata airbag recall: http://hondaairbaginfo.com/
Oh man, thanks for letting me know, I would have walked out and been screwed!

Yikes, yeah really bad ringing in your ears sounds awful! I'll probably take a pair along just in case and I'll take a look at your Amazon link. 

That hearing loss estimate is insane.

Thanks for the advice, I'll try not to worry about moshing and will just let whatever happens happen! 

Awesome, and thanks, hopefully you'll have a good time too! 


Cool, that's what I'm hoping happens, that I'll get more comfortable going to shows after this. If all goes well I plan on seeing Seaway in May! Glad to know I've chosen wisely haha. I'm sure it'll be amazing.

I'll check out those earplugs for sure, it just sounds like the smarter way to go!

Thanks. :)
Good advice, thanks! dunno if I'll join the crowd and mosh or not this go round, it'll probably be one of those last minute things haha. 
Cool, this is just what I needed to hear, thanks!  

I guess it makes sense to get in a little early, buy merch, then take it to my car before the show starts?  Since I probably shouldn't carry any backpacks or bags in like you mentioned. 
Ahh, no worries! I'd take a look at the fusion then in addition to the Accord. I think it may surprise you. One of the plants where Fusion is made has also gotten awards for quality, so that may help allay some reliability fears. 
You should definitely check the Accord. - the LX or Sport trims with Honda Sensing (a suite of active safety features that includes Adaptive Cruise Control w/low speed follow & stop) is an incredible value if you're looking for a stress free highway commuter.

Sorry if we're/I'm making the decision process harder, it's just a good idea to drive everything - this segment is so competitive that there isn't really a "bad" car out there to necessarly avoid at all costs.
It's tough because both cars are solid and attractive looking.

Honestly, between the two, unless the Hyundai was significantly less expensive, I'd go for the Mazda for the driving dynamics - it really is one of the best driving sedans you can buy in the family car class. 

I'm gonna throw in something that's potentially out of left field, but have you looked at the Ford Fusion? I've driven both a SE 1.6 and a Titanium trim and both are terrific cars...not quite as engaging as the Mazda but still great and the SE can be optioned up to get close to a Titanium trim in terms of feel. 
A bit late but could you swing for a 2014? 

The redesign upped the refinement inside and out. 
My college degree. Graduated high school in 07, did a year or so of community college then went to a 4 year state school for a bachelor's in business administration w/ a Business Ed. concentration. 

It's 20 fucking 16 and I'm still (technically.... I haven't been able to actually schedule the class I need due to the school not having it in evenings)  in school. 

So much loan debt (luckily none are private loans) since I've had to pay for it all myself and that's with working various part and full time jobs....which didn't exactly make it easy to do well enough to graduate on time...leading  me to my predicament now.

Looking back, I should have just gotten my associates in IT. The IT job I have now didn't require more than that. :/
Awesome! Glad it worked out for ya! :)
MyGig is what Chrysler used to call these headunits before rebranding to UConnect. Before the rebrand, UConnect was their branding for Bluetooth. 

MyGig/UConnect Media Center head units could be made by either Harman/Kardon or Mitsubishi: http://www.allpar.com/stereo/MyGIG-REN/

I haven't installed anything as I don't have a car with MyGig, and there was a forum devoted to MyGig/Uconnect that has seemingly disappered. A lot of the info has been moved here: http://www.supercell.org/forum/viewtopic.php?f=3&t=508

Dunno what else the forum is about but the thread does seem relatively active and others have posted there mentioning that they found the thread just by happenstance while looking for the MyGig forum. 


intune's one option. Another is using Configurator but it's nowhere as nice as a true MDM. 

The company (well school system) I work for uses Casper and we couldn't be happier. It may be a tad overkill for you depending on how large your company is. 
I'll tell ya, being a domestic compact car from the 80's and 90's is tough.

Sure your first few years are OK, people like you, you get driven with care by people proud to buy one of the first of a new car.

Then later you get sent to rental fleets who pimp you out to the worst Johns this side of of the Hudson. They treat you like shit, over revving your barely broken in engine and leaving behind their issues all over your formerly pristine interior.


Oh but it gets worse, all that praise you got years prior, the articles, the won comparison tests....you're suddenly yesterday's news as you approach middle age, all the high tech imports get the attention now, hell...even your younger fraternal twin is deemed the "protégé" in your family compared to you. Like Rodney Dangerfield, you get no respect. 

So now worn and dejected, you lower your standards. You accept your fate as high school and uncaring college student beater transport in the present day, your sun faded teal paint and sole, solitary remaining hubcap barely hinting at a glint of your former self. 

Being a car isn't as glamorous as the action movies and buff book press junkets make it seem. I'd be wary, don't choose the path I went down.

Now if you excuse me, I need to prepare for my owners "Saturday night keg party bender." The vomit stains...*shudders*
It doesn't rotate your lock screen though. :/
Yeah, at work, my wi-fi will connect then drop, connect then drop. 

It's frustrating especially since i'm on wi-fi there because I have next to no service where I work. 
Nice! The sport has those sick wheels though. As much as I love Android, I'd probably have to go with the Sport if I were buying a Accord. 

I can't seem to wrap my head around the dual screen setup anyway + the single non touch screen system still has built in pandora (and oddly, looks classy as fuck to me..cannot put my finger on why though...). 
The Pilot and Civic have a Android based system as well, several forums are trying to figure out how to get apps installed (there's a APK installer icon just chilling there in the "apps") and potentially root the thing. 

The fact that you can connect it to wi-fi and download software updates OTA is pretty cool, IMO. It also lets you use the built in web browser over wi-fi, of course. 

IIRC the latest Hyundai/Kia systems are running Android as well, just far more  "hidden" to the user. 
Ya know...I'd rock a loaded Optima of that vintage in great condition.

Then again, I'm used to loving "dated" designs. :P 
> The music is fucking terrible

Don't you talk smack on Matt & Kim! D:
Nope. It was (is??) popular to swap the regular Hyundai badges for Genesis winged KDM ones on the 1st gen cars. 
I hear ya, I can imagine that if they were lukewarm and shitty, I'd have a different opinion... I'm seriously going to go to the store and buy some tomorrow. 
Sweet potato tater tots sound fucking delicious.
For a while, it seemed like every chicken nugget day was salmon nugget day. Shit got old after a while. I was on a "committee" at school where we got to try potential menu items. - this was discussed ad nauseum. 

Central York School District students in the mid to late 90's...you guys likely know what I'm talking about haha. 
Yum!
Ugh, so hope this isn't true. I just got into TSSF. :(
Definitely a Samsung thing. It can also be a carrier thing - Verizon handsets often had a separate "In case of emergency" section of the contact list. 
I got someone on a forum I'm on who's running the betas to try it out - its working for him which should mean it'll work for me.

Chalk this up as a reminder to not run beta software on production systems....
Apparently Reflector 2 can mirror Chromebook screens. 

I haven't tried this yet, just noticed it while researching another issue.
Airhead is also on point, IMO.
Have you tried running a malwarebytes scan? 

I use uBlock Origin and have not been redirected. Maybe it's one of the filters you're subscribed to?
Like I mentioned, the cars are decent, good even. (I think the 2008-12 Malibu is a gorgeous car, inside and out especially in LTZ trim. My parents 11 has been rock solid reliable.) I'm just an self admitted picky asshole of a car guy lol. 

All of the things I've mentioned are subjective in nature and honestly tiny when you look at the grand scheme of things. They just matter a tiny bit more to me (and give off the impression of a greater attention to detail to me) more than I suspect most of the general public. 
Oddly I find the layout to be decent...it's just so ugly. 
Ugh, that Malibu was just terrible. :/
I'm gonna have to go with GM: Now, I know there's great GM products, but every one I've come in contact with both new and used has just had whiffs of cheapness about it. 

Stuff like:

* The typeface they use on switchgear
* The cheesy graphics on the MyLink/IntelliLink infotainment system (oddly enough, the same system in Vauxhall/Opel products looks 10x better)
* The stubborn lack of rear seat center head restraints in US market cars. Ditto lack of overhead mounted grab handles.
* The XT5's poorly done rear seat design: apparently/supposedly one can slide the seat forward then fold the seatback...leaving a uncovered cavernous gap between the cargo floor and the seatback - other brands have flaps that create a smooth transition regardless of seat position.

Even the new Malibu I sat in at the local auto show failed to truly wow me. 
Because you have no buddies, the likelihood of getting into management are likely slim to none. 
To be fair, it's being done because FCA thinks that gas prices will remain low...they're taking a big gamble partly due to upcoming CAFE rules. http://www.autoblog.com/2016/02/09/killing-dart-200-lower-fca-fuel-economy-burden-report/
Haha yes! Don't forget the woefully useless but "it was bought using PTO funds so we can't get rid of it" dedicated tape rewinder! 
Replace WMP with a tube TV on a cart (complete with VCR or ...if it was a really special occasion, LaserDisc) from the mid 80's and that pretty much describes movies at school when I was a kid.
The Priv is intriguing for a lot of reasons. I do wonder how 3rd party development will be given how locked down it is. I'd feel better going with a Priv if RIM will able to get at least the next version of Android running on it when it's released in relatively short order. 
Exactly. I can do alright on a virtual keyboard but dat feel man...dat *feel*.

The Bold's keyboard has always looked super comfy. I'd love to try one like the Classic except running Android of course.
Yeah I had a OG Droid, a Droid 3 and a Stratosphere haha. I know your pain all too well but oddly I got used to that.

I'd still put up with it. I don't necessarily need the keyboard but like the tactile feel and lack of autocorrect
Heh no biggie. And yeah, while I've owned a Treo 700w, the keys weren't as nice for my big thumbs as the landscape boards on my other devices.
I've been using DoggCatcher for years now and it works well. 
The thing is though... can you find a new phone with one.

I would buy a new landscape QWERTY with decent specs tomorrow. No lie.
Yes! The optical trackpad on the Omnia was the shit. I alternated between switching it to mouse cursor mode (ridiculous now looking back on it) and just having it select buttons and fields. 

So. Good.
These are great, thanks! 
This may be sacrilege to some, but I like this more than the original. 