Sky's the limit

Sky as in your storage space and how much iOS allows any given app to allocate. 
Mostly for some gaming, reading and web surfing. Practically will replace my iphone when I’m home
AHHH! Get it away from me!!!
They don't touch their face too often with their hands. That's one of the easiest ways you could get sick. Especially your eyes, which is one of the immune privilege sites we have in our body.
The Witcher 3 got me depressed. It's a very depressing game.
Yep just recently picked up SSX for PS2. It's one of my favs, but have to say SSX3 takes the cake for the best fucking snowboarding game ever made.
I feel so sorry for you that you fell for that load of horse shit statement, lol.
It's one of those niche games. Was never a good game or a bad game. Just right smack in the middle. 

Always felt clunky and will be like that throughout the whole game. This is mostly has to do with developers choice of having arms always present in the view of the player. Supposedly they made it this way to make it more "immersive," but I beg to differ.
Because they're wearing invisible gloves
I use my Win10 as my main and have 7 on another partition for stuff like this.
Win 10 is actually a good OS. 
This is a common thing really. I know other groups that schedule the same thing and are successful at it. 
Arghhh my eyes!!!
No.
Be helpful. Always be positive. Always be receptive to feedbacks. Follow their instructions. Don't cause drama or spread "he said" "she said" bullshit statements.

You're there to learn and to make connections for your career.
Also, have fun.
Or check Reddit in between.
Nope. You get taxed for every transactions you make.
Chopstick skillz
Bang bang murica bietch 
That's not how much they'll be paying in tax for next year's tax season. (In US) 
or... here's an idea. Just pick up a cheap PS3 off of craigslist and a copy of this game. 

It's crap. I only played for about 2 hours and never touched it again.

If you've played other 3rd person shooters, you pretty much played this game. It's pretty generic.
Halo is good but it's outdated. (inb4 downvotes)


My God MS has been on a fucking roll
Pack of cats you mean.
Which brings to another point. What good is a powerful console without good exclusive AAA's

Currently have an Xbox but will be getting PS4 Pro soon


Oh brother not this again. It's going to go down again stop with this crap. 
That's because we're at the center of the universe. Everything revolves around our flat Earth and they have to be round to circle around. Duh.
Chemo is not supposed to cure cancer. Just slowing down the growth of tumor in most cases. 
Who does this belong to?

It belongs to he.

Terrorism existed for a very long time. It's not uncommon in society.
Homicide and Terrorism accounts for LESS than 3% of actual total causes of death while it represents close to 55% of media's attention. 

Wow.
Yep earth is flat alright.
I want this so bad to happen. This and new Star Fox. 
Son of a...
As long as they can make up for it by having 35+ multiplayer maps.
Live and reloaded. That was the first Conker I played and I can't stand the graphical difference between that and the n64 version when I tried playing the one from Rare Collection 
I like how he stopped as soon as he saw the cop lol
Fees
So no dream sequences??
How is it compare to 2 and 1?
Will be getting it next thanks
Yeah I played it when it came out back then. This was dope af too
Will be getting it thanks!
Haven't played God of War 3 in awhile maybe that one has it too?
GOW Ascension has the same kick
Capital gains and losses tax creating machine 
But he left his bag on the floor. 
Not quite. It depends. Some people define their purpose in life by successes and goals they set. Some others live just to live (e.g. beggars)

It's this pure freedom that we have that allows us to define ourselves by the actions we take and perceptions that we create.
You are a very depressing person. You must be very good at partying. /s

Success is measured by one's achievements set by his/her own standards. Everybody has their own definition that reflects their perception of life. For instance. You lead a very depressing life hence you have depressing view on goals and success. 

Not quite if you reach your goal. You fail to progress. There is no progress if you don't learn from failures. 
Failing is part of your progress as long as you learn from each failure 
Can be but I doubt any other currency will replace Bitcoin at this point because it has the first mover's advantages meaning 
1) it has the biggest number of pairings with altcoins
2) easiest to trade fiat to Bitcoin due to larger numbers of outlets available 
3) more people know of it's existence than any other altcoins
4) it is continuously getting upgraded
5) there are serious amount of numerous hard forks, making it an attractive investment.


Screw that. I'd rather just use the old one for bedroom and just spend $150 more for the X for the living room.
It's on Reddit daily.
No more key cards in FPS games.
What? Camping? LOL.
It's going to be $20
This. Sounds like OP needs cleansing 
Sounds like real life in the industry.
I used this back in 2004 to play Halo 1 online.

It was amazing.
It's crap by today's standards. Already tried playing it while waiting for the new Battlefront 2. Couldn't get past first 5 minnutes
It was very clunky to play. I would say it hasn't aged well to be honest. It was innovative in that it let you see your character's hand movements throughout the whole game. For example, your character picking up a can of soda and drinking it to replenish health.

That made the game feel more immersive.
Rats.
Why not a new game?
*mission impossible theme plays*

as soon as she lands her ass onto the 2nd porch and tumbles backwards

*record screech* 
"Love" them. Heh
What's cooler than being cool?
It doesn't say you'll get fat. 
Worth it 100%.

Great risk. Great reward. 
AM was my fav. Main reason why I got into this band.
On the day I graduate too.

Fuck. Yes.
That's beautiful man 
It left us 4 dead.
You have to consider that block chain technology that other companies are creating don't use "coins."

This isn't saying crypto currency market will hit 3.1 trillion
I would watch anything with Denzel Washington in it. 
"Johnson. We have an emergency!"

"What Bob? Bob what?"

"Our machine is spitting out malformed rainbow shaped marshmallows!"

"We'll just sell them as magical unicorns then. Problem solved."
Yep. Just time consuming. Plus I get exercises too. 
A little bit of racism, but I would say it's more along the lines of **"I haven't been exposed to different cultures so you guys look weird to me and that makes me uncomfortable"** type of attitude/vibe. 

There was plenty of times where I met people here who just didn't know how to interact with me because I looked Asian. Not to mention, sometimes I get weird looks and it just gets so fucking awkward. I posted about these experiences on reddit a couple of times already.

I'm just glad I'm moving out of this shit hole very soon. One positive thing I got out from this is that I came to appreciate Chicago and Florida even more. So there's that. 
Glad I'm moving out of here soon.

I understand how some people would like Iowa and all but it's definitely not for me. I'm from Florida so I miss going to Daytona, Miami, Orlando, or hell even Tampa for the weekend or so. In Iowa there's... Des Moines... That's it. Even then I would rather drive to Chicago if I'm driving for that long. Iowa made me appreciate Florida even more. 
Your ass crack hurts? Mate, where are you laughing out of? 
Using credit card for crypto is a bad idea. Once it's stolen you're pretty much fucked and it's very common nowadays.

There's no fraud support so I would stay the hell away from using crypto credit cards. 
https://i.imgur.com/EgScSwS.jpg
Windows One
Mumble rap is popular nowadays so we back to 1920s level or even lower 
So I should get a plastic surgery done. Got it.
Or he doesn't want them. I see he tasted it and pushed it aside
Yep they have this in Chicago as well
I would go with too much.
I would never ever do anything like this. 

I would never recommend my family and friends to do this either as a scientist. Unless you have a deadly disease and this is your last resort.
I have 2013 G37 Journey Sedan and there's a rattling noise that's noticeable coming from the passenger side of the dashboard. It's mostly noticeable when idling. 

When I opened up the hood, it seems like the source of the rattling was near the engine but couldn't pinpoint where.

Video is here: https://youtu.be/1ksw9jp5Q7g

Any ideas what it could be?


Considering how mobile graphics technology is catching up fast I can see image quality being improved quite considerably within 5-10years 
Inside out tracking is still in development by Oculus and from the looks of it we will have it in the market soon
I reckon since Oculus Go is coming out soon. Its upgrade shouldn't be too far off.
Work gives you crypto via pay check, you buy stuff with crypto at stores that accept crypto.

The problem is we're not this stage yet. It'll be awhile before a lot of utilities companies and landlords accept crypto as well.
Kyle and Nathan? Season 1? Newfag.
I would ask because you wouldn't be paying significantly more monthly for that package. Again, it depends on your finance/loan/lease
how much does the monthly cost increase for you with that package?
As a gamer who barely uses his Oculus, I would pass. I'm waiting for cordless sensorless solution. Only then will I pay $1000+
Go Bose. You won't regret it if stock sound system is important to you. 
I don't think anyone could've considering how big he was to be honest. If anything they didn't want to drown. I don't blame them. 
Kids these days 
What did his breath smell like
It's an N. Are you seriously arguing this? AHAHAHAHA
N is clearly the last letter of the first word 
I wasn't referring to Euros. I'm referring to USD. $10K USD is definitely not enough to sustain yourself for 1-2 years.
I would save up enough money for you to survive for 1-2 years. 10,000 won't really do much when youre laid off by your job: 
Yeah the ad's look nice. Oh the game? What game?
White on white crime 
Use that as a motivation to surpass them. 
Not have ICOs take Ethereum for one, since they all will sell it for fiat, driving ETH price down 
All of the data stored will be shared by all of the devices hosting lock chain info instead of central servers 
Feel so bad for Kendrick. He needs better beats than this hot garbage. 

But it's Kanye so everyone's on his dick sucking on his piss 
Am I the only one who doesn't give a rat's ass about this? If companies can find uses out of my pictures of eating ice cream and taking a shit and what not, then good for them. I see this as recycling. 


Last cat was the cutest when she screamed for joy. Ice cream is a wondrous treat for all species. 
Hot garbage 
Check for any idle noise. See if there's any leakage near the door from the inside. 

Other stuff are pretty generic like checking for lights, AC, and etc.
What's your training routine? 
Rainbow Six 3, Rallisport Challenge 2, Breakdown would be nice!
Lefties don't tackle exams backwards.
The dragon balls are deep within... your pants. 
Game devs can but takes too much resources for such a small feature that doesn't improve the gameplay much (for console ports at least)

This joke would work better if the left portion was detailed rather than the right

One would take his/her time in the beginning then rush through the last half 
Hehehe what it doooo ladies 
What's it like to talk out of your ass?
Because he's a Caucasian in America 
The motive was exactly this: to have people guess his unknown motive after he went out with a bang. He joined the ranks of some of the most heinous rampage shooters, which is probably what he wanted. He's famous now.

Live your life.
Except he made a name for himself by making a big splash

Heh
I love this guy. He's cool calm and collected while watching someone fight as if he's watching TV 
Nailed it. 
Finding a reason within the law. There are a lot of stupid laws average people don't know about that can get you arrested 
We call that school shooting today.
It's not really fabricating when they find that Ice breaks one of the laws. 
Nice Reddit ad paid for by McDonalds 
So leave my smart phone at home when I'm about to commit crimes. Got it thanks!
The joke wouldn't work then. This joke works with the unknown training history of the Asian guy. 
From what I've seen he kicked the bike as he was trying to get away multiple times. You can see that his gf tried to pull him away to no avail. He got what's coming to him. 
It still is a status symbol to society. Again not everyone can get a new Ferrari on a whim. Do some research on qualifications needed to buy a new Ferrari. 
Nah the guy was in his way and kept kicking his bike as he was trying to leave.  Clear cut self defense to me. 
Not everyone can buy a new Ferrari on a whim. It represents a status symbol in general. 
It doesn't matter whether you are Russian or not, those soldiers are ordinary people just like how Ukrainian soldiers are ordinary people. 

If people truly want peace and freedom, they shouldn't listen to this propaganda. This goes for everyone. 
If people truly believed that then we can all agree: War is not necessary and can be avoided. 

Don't get sucked into this campaign and propaganda and choose to live peacefully among each other while accepting our differences. 
lol it's not a good impression to give to the mainstream at all tbh since there's people spreading FUD about it being a bubble and market acts just like it. 
Get internships or volunteer to get work experiences so you'll be able to get a job after graduation 
That doesn't sound very encouraging at all. lol
Try harder next time kid. 
So you're saying anyone can just buy a new Ferrari on a whim.
Not really. It's a status symbol to people who can afford it as well. 
Friend spending $300 more per month for a Mercedes Benz when he can barely afford his rent and pay for his food.


sent you another one
Cool thanks!
sent pm
sent pm
sent pm
Mostly from linkedin/indeed/glassdoor. I tailor my CV and Cover Letter to each position I'm applying for.

Tried visiting companies websites directly, but they usually have all of the positions listed on those 3rd party sites (at least the ones I'm looking for) so I stopped wasting my time with that approach.

Now, I'm thinking about asking my advisors and reference to see if they know anyone who can give me referrals for companies I've applied to.
Any chance Conker's BFD will get a sequel?
Good luck 
Companies are already making their own blockchain network without the uses of crypto-currencies. That's the flaw in this market, there are many products out where you just don't have a use for a separate "cash." 

As more big companies get into this business, there will be decrease in the interest in 3rd-party, indie block chain tech, which means less money flowing into this market. 

It would be strongly wise to diversify your profile to outside of crypto-market at this point. I expect we will reach ATH in a couple of years. 
Competition will be fierce. There are many solutions being developed that won't need coins to operate. We're living in a different time. Money will be going into companies that are eyeing on dominating block chain space. And they're not using crypto-currencies. 

90% of the cryptocurrencies will be eliminated and only the few will rise. Again, judging from the bearish market, ATH is not coming any time soon. We haven't seen the lowest just yet. 
Wider adoption and developments that coincide with downtrends in cryptomarket. Yes. 
It won't reach previous ATH any time soon. This will take years again. Just be patient.
Drugs are bad mmmkay
Probably a little bit of both?
I'm speaking realistically. It has happened in the past and currently we're presented with a bearish market and it'll take years to recover. Also, speculating realistically is better than luring in people so they'll end up losing money foolishly, which many people did. Some even took out loans to invest in bitcoins at $17,000 a pop. 

Judging from the current market, we haven't hit rock bottom yet so hold on tight people!
Lol you guys are in for a ride. Prices will stay low like this for a couple to several years.  
That's such a Kanye thing to do. I love it.
Echo.
lolno
*cringe*
Video was slowed down to make it look like cheetah was walking slowly ready to attack.

Fake shit. Next.
More like fat neck beards are the ones cheering for fatlus game 
You should get a life of your own. I'm actually being serious.
You're working with an assumption that immortality will be affordable for all.
Ethereum already hit the moon. Now it's time for commercializations and adoption. 
Just use the emulator to play it at higher resolution. It's practically the same thing. 
Could've made some effort for a remastered version still. Looks like utter shit by today's standards. 
Budget toenails 
If everyone donated $1 instead of upvoting, we would have raised $18,200
Why? They can easily support cryptocurrency payments in the near future if they like. They already have all of the back-ends set up and are operational all throughout. 

This news is nothing but a spam at this point.

We already got the answer. Yours wasn't needed. 
Cool thanks for the info!
So if a circuit board that's connected to the main board gets wet, it takes down the main board with it? How so?

If you spill coffee on a laptop, you'll fuck up your keyboard mostly but your main motherboard is fine. 
But those are just buttons. It's not like he pissed on the main circuit board which is located elsewhere.
Anyone know why pissing on those buttons messed up the elevator?
What the fuck is The USA Commerce? Never even heard of it
99% of the games listed in this thread are also on PC.

Should've gotten a PS4. 
You should ask just that. Why did Red Storm move away from Rainbow Six projects? We need real tactical FPS back!
Bull fucking shit
Considering it's coming from well established devs, I would bet that it is real.

Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wUKDoSKuZ0Y
Because this subreddit is an echo chamber. There are inherent issues with this coin and problems with dishonest devs. You just have to go outside to find the info. 
Not really. There are number of fast coins out today with 0 to low tx fees.

People are moving away from this due to security issues with this coin and shady nature of devs.
"I copy other's format because I is pioneer"

Hahahhahahahahah
What do you do for work? Just curious
"I is pioneer cuz I bought shitcoin instead of Ethereum"

Hahahahhahahaha
What is a good price for those?
She is a beaut. Any plans for getting a silencer for her?
"I still is a pioneer for holding shitcoin! I is better!"

HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAH

It's an addiction like no other! What fn handgun is that?
"No! Your coin is shitcoin!"

Hahahahahahhaahahahah 
What are you using for holding your targets? I'm in the market for something better than cardboard boxes. 
Walmart. Looking at 556 ammo on ammoseek, pricing is about the same but shipping fee kills it. 
Bought one since I ever wanted 1 as a kid. Started off training with a handgun. Moved onto shotgun with trap and clay shooting. Then into 3 gun with AR-15.

Bought one instead of building my first one since I got a pretty damn good deal on it. 
"I am a dumbass who invested in shitcoin instead of Ethereum because I is a pioneer"

Hahahahahahahahah 
"I only copy other person's format because I is pioneer" 

Hahahahahaha 
"I live in mom's basement and jerk off to furry porn because I is pioneer."

AHHAHAHAHAHAH furry faggot
"I do the same thing other person is doing because I is pioneer"

Hahahahahaha fucking retard 
PC gamer hasn't been big since the 90's.
"I'm right and you're wrong cuz I is a pioneer"
Fucking retard Hahahahahahahahah
What was that? Ethereum is above $900 and your shitcoin struggles to get past $10 faggot?

Hahahahahahhaahahahah 
What was that? It can't even get past $10 retard?

Hahahahahahhaahahahah
What was that? Your shitcoins is now worth $8 and falling while every other top coins gained? 

Hahahahahahahahah 
"I have no counter argument to your facts so I have to dig up old comments to argue. I is the smartest"

Hahahahhahahaha 
"I is smart and pioneer because I say what devs say and I made good monies with $10 initial investment fund."

Hahahahahahaha 
LOL sheep still ignoring Nano's double/triple spending and withdrawal issues on multiple exchanges. This is gold. Please continue and entertain me.  Hahahahahahhaahahahah
"I say what devs say and follow because they give me monies from my investment."

"I is a pioneer because I bought $10 worth of $0.22 XRB instead of Ethereum. I is too dumb to realize the security issues of Nano nodes and network."

You do know that this shitcoins is just as old as Ethereum right?

And it only went up to $9 and going down.

Oh you sheep have no idea what you bought. Hahahahahahaha
What was that? Your shitcoin dropped from $40 and it's trading at less than $9 now about to be valued at < $1. Devs love dumbasses like you who would spend $ on shitcoins that's full of security holes and full of hype. 

Ohh and I'm enjoying this way too much. I'll be staying here eating popcorn as this whole shenanigans unfold. 
Hahaha you must be trolling right?  There were multiple double/triple spending and withdrawal only affecting Nano/XRB on multiple exchanges and you're still saying it's not 100% Nano's problem but Bitgrailt's? Is this Nano dev's 100th account or something? You're the most predictable person I've seen on here.
Oh wow! Really! You've been here since Shitcoin was $0.22! Congrats! Here's a medal. 💩 Get the fuck outta here dumbass. 

You're still replying. Do you have nothing better to do? Go join another community you support, we don't need people like you whose only purpose on Reddit is to follow a herd of sheep. 
Rebranded name Nano is just absolutely retarded and nobody can even find the official site on google. 

Not to mention their node going to shit with BG was just bad timing with rebranding.

Nano has got to go. 
Still laughing my ass off at these sheep including you. 
I'm here laughing my ass off while watching the price go down. Poor holders.
Riddle me this. Was XRB traded on BG against devs' will?  They clearly endorsed it on twitter and even on their own official website.

Cut the bullshit.
Google nano coin and you get thenanocoin.com

People can always buy more of that!

I already expressed my opinion on the mistake devs will be making with the name change long before the rebrand. This will be one of the fail stories in the crypto-space that everyone will know about years to come. Use this as an example what not to do with their crypto currency.
It's clear you're a dumb mother fucker just like the rest of the sheep who can't even wrap their stupid fucking heads around the fact that this only affects Nano and happened in multiple exchanges. 

This is good. Please continue sheep: 
It only affects Nano you fucking idiot. You're brain washed to the point that you can't even see the big picture. Fucking sheep like you is easy to control. What a stupid fuck.
Nano node bug caused XRP double/triple withdrawal at both BG and Merc. Get the facts straight sheep.
Yes because what devs are saying is the absolute truth despite the evidence of various node bugs 
And what's your source that Nanex is speaking the truth?

When they're in bed with the same devs who's covering their own fuck ups, you dumb fucks are eating it up like sheep. 
It's clear that you can't read that this affected more than one exchange. Is that because it might destroy your poor Nano value?
Yes and I'm sure the devs didn't promote Bitgrail as a place to buy Nano/XRB. Cut the bullshit. 
Same shit happened on Mercatox and Kucoin only affecting Nano/XRB. Get your stupid head out your ass. 
Nanex is affiliated with Nano devs you idiot. Also devs knew of the bugs and couldn't come up with a solution in time.


It's Nano node bug that allowed users to double spend/withdraw you idiot. You can't do that with other coins on that site.

Same shit happened on another exchange, Mercatox 
Because they know they fucked up as well. It's a lot easier to just blame the other party. 


Yep double spending with XRB bug exists on Merc as well.

Let's cut the bullshit here. Nano devs need to fix this 
And devs offered their product on that exchange. 
It's just an "A."

They don't know when to use a or an. 
Yep and even some took out loans to buy Bitcoin when it was at $17,000 each. They're fucked for the time being but this is what the issue is here. 
Not only Bitgrail. Mercatox too. 
Nano has been compromised people. Be prepared for some shitstorm.
Nano is not secure. Hack happened in 2 different exchanges only affecting XRB, but not others. 
Yeah this shows clear as day that Nano has been compromised.

This doesn't look good at all for Nano. 
Yes and I'm sure XRB was listed on BitGrail against their will:
https://twitter.com/nanocurrency/status/855045491901509632

Cut the bullshit.
Good luck with that theory kiddo. 
So let me get this straight. So you're saying Raiblocks/XRB got listed on a shit exchange because people voted for it? When nobody knew what XRB was. When nobody knew even it existed but for only a handful of folks.


For business inquiries you can always contact exchanges. I don't have a coin and nor do I have a desire to list it on shit exchanges to be frank with you kiddo.

Now, any more naive questions?
Are you interested in creating your own coin and have it listed?
Here's a Crypto 101 for you, kiddo. Take notes.

**Adding coins to the listing**

Adding coins to the listing possible in two ways: 

* direct payment 

and

* voting. 

Devs would have to pay exchanges to get their coins listed. Being a low-tier exchange with not many people knowing about this coin, this is what Nano/Raiblock devs did. They paid Bitgrail exchange to get their coin listed so that they could offer it to people.

Now, once your coin is more popular, people can **vote** for your coin to get listed without fees, which is what the community did to get Nano/XRB listed on Binance.
Oh boy. You kids got a lot to learn. Everybody's a crypto expert these days.
That's not how business work. They even listed Bitgrail on their own list of locations where people can buy their product.

Let's cut the bullshit here. 

It's a good point. Thanks for starting this thread. Devs do need to share the blame here instead of throwing BitGrail under the bus 100%. 
Devs need to share the blame. That's OP's point. I agree. They're the ones who offered their product on a shady exchange site to begin with and promoted it.
Jason. Go to bed. It's past your bedtime. 
Did you listen to the video? No one's hurt. Calm down kid. 
The study uses children. Not chimps.

Again no, this experiment still doesn't control for the variables that need to be controlled for one to observe significant difference in this context.


Yeah but the legit ones provide evidences so I think he's okay. 
It hits a semi truck's cargo. 
Not much randomization is being done about the choice of the snack that triggers subject's hunger and how much it is being triggered. For an experiment, this has to be controlled. 
:(
At least they didn't kill anyone. Whew
But there is no "AAAAA" battery
But what if one child is more hungrier than the other?

We all know hunger response is not the same in all people.

What about one's food preference? 

We all know not everyone likes the same snacks.

I haven't read the article but it may seem like there's a lot of factors they would have to control for in order for this experiment to work. 
Let's be honest. **Both Nano team and Bitgrail are at fault here** and for the next few weeks they will try to blame each other.
Nano team supported Bitgrail as their official exchange for the longest time. They offered their currency to people on a shady exchange to begin with. Not to mention, only XRB is affected. 
1-800 suicide hotline 
I was going to ask you why you kept your XRB at unproven exchange site but then I read the daily limits for withdraw.

There will ALWAYS be more opportunities for you out there! 
My deepest heartfelt condolences 
Duke Nukem Forever

I thoroughly enjoyed playing the campaign. It met my expectation. 
/r/holdmyfries 
Buy high sell low that's the motto 
Because most people bought Ethereum to grow their money and not to actually use it.
I hate semi trucks on snowy interstates. Those guys are fucking assholes by going faster than they should on snowy/icy roads I have seen way too many accidents caused by them. 
Replaying and playing variety of old DOS games (Duke3D, BigRedRacing, Star Wars Dark Forces, Terminal Velocity, Descent, etc...
Came across this today: 
https://chicago.craigslist.org/chc/pts/d/g37-coupe-oem-front-grill/6481142060.html

Ask the guy if he could ship it out to you. I'm pretty sure he can. 

Cheers
But ramen tastes better.
I'm paying $95 with a clean record. Your dad's getting jipped hard.
Basketball in NA LUL keep playing with other men's ballsacks bro
I'm from NA ball bouncing fairy faggot
You like bouncing other men's ball sacks. Cunt lip having motherfucker
Football is gay asf, keep touching other american men's balls fatass fairy
Basement dwelling faggot ass
I do have a PC. Some things are better on a console with a controller on a couch. 
They look like kids and not really professional lol
You no mess with lil wang
545
Glad I got out of Bitgrail the first chance I had. RIP to those who weren't as fortunate. 
YEAH!
Why not just have the parking lots scan your license plate number and have that linked to your wallet instead of doing this over complicated stuff?
Or just use XRP for up to 50,000 transactions per sec that's been proven to work for many years. Less risk involved.
With technical problems and large scale network load hasn't been tested yet. 
So his name and his story can be used without any legal consultations pretty much?
This looks like a job for XRP. Proven to be working. Everything's in place ready to go. 
Does Ted Bubdy's family get any money for this? Common sense would tell me they would but since we're dealing with a serial killer with his rights stripped away, I doubt it. 
This true?
Should've created a separate brand for their luxury vehicles.

I think this meme would work better if they showed before photo then a video of what they look like now. Most of these people look good today to begin with 
Closest I could think of is CAR token but that's more along the lines of Park Whiz and other parking app out today that negotiates with hotels and property owners for parking spots. 
Doesn't matter if it's encrypted. Once you put that drive on a compromised computer and you access those funds, your private keys will be exposed.  
Yep same here. I ordered mine directly from Ledger as well and it looks pretty dirty. I think it's normal. 
It would be easier for the player to have big arrows instead of the ones being used here.
Yeah and remember you would be taxed for each transaction. 
"XRB is the best and all the other coins are super bad." There I just ended the thread.

Nothing to see here people.
I would look for rusts under the car if there are any.  Check if all of the electric equipment works, etc...
"Once a upon a..." yawwwnn "ok goodnight little buddy"
That awkward silence after he answers. My stomach hurts from cringing
Hey man. Chasm is actually a really good fucking game. The way enemies' limbs fall apart is sick as hell. Not to mention they still come after you with just one arm in tact. Thanks for the suggestion. 

I've seen LGR depth dwellers youtube. Game looked like grade A trash. Wouldn't touch it even if it would save the world from AIDS.
Congo: Descent into Zinj

Point and click survival adventure game. I personally couldn't get too far in the game when I played this as a kid. Didn't help the fact that the atmosphere was just damn scary. 
And it'll become slow and sluggish by year 3 
NEO will have fees later on
This reminds me of old Bitcoin days so much. Even though I'm down, I don't mind at all. This coin has crazy potential. 
Make it as simple as using PayPal if not simpler so users don't have to copy and paste addresses.

Example: 
"Pay with raiblocks" -> wallet selection -> confirm 

user clicks on "pay with raiblocks" -> shows which wallet user wants to use (if he/she has multiple. If not skip to next step) -> confirm page showing amount to be extracted; user clicks confirm (done)


Think about it.

If you had Bitcoin, and you sold off all your Bitcoin for Bitcoin Cash after a hard fork and saw Bitcoin shoot up to $20k and sitting above $10k while Bitcoin cash is sitting barely above $2k.

You would be hating yourself too.
Still need a better way for mainstream adoption.

Has to be as simple as PayPal if not simpler.
At least not yet
Do you have videos of you shooting that thing?
There is. Surprise.
Yep calm down until the victim starts shooting up the school. 
No. It'll be all down to adoption. 
Been holding since 2013 bud
Fear of losing all as oppose to fear of missing out. So a lot of people are cashing out to save what they could before losing them all. 


Because they're pushing towards Hollywood style campaign.

No need to overspend. 
Fear. https://steemit.com/fud/@canderson/fud-vs-fomo-vs-focus
Welcome to crypto trading crash course. This is the other side of market "volatility". Market can go down just as fast as it can go up. 


Smh
Nah they're going to go for another coin next. Last 2 were Bitcoin Cash and Ripple.
Check OP's reply
I won't be using mew.

There's not a day that goes by where people lose money using mew. 
As a grad student from Iowa who visits Chicago frequently, I have to say that you are insane.
Doubt it. Koreans already put in a lot of $ into XRP. It's other country's turn. 
FROM DOWNTOWN!
Half Life. Away with stupid key cards and made FPS more of an organic experience. 
Yep. Those are good additional tips. No need for $2 million. It's a waste of money.
Here's a tip: Limit your exposure to alcohol, cigarettes, and any other carcinogens. 

Preventing cancer costs $0. PCF is a good business. 
This is how furfags are created 
Bad idea to surf reddit while eating breakfast...
Do you like sniffing them too?
Toast wallet
Could've pretty much used any blockchain for that. Would like to see some special use cases that are not possible with ETH 
Yep this. Considering devs have tons of upgrades planned for ETH network, I just can't take "this will replace Ethereum" hype seriously. 

Maybe if they have a working product that's proven to be better then ETH significantly and accumulated legit partners, then yeah. I'll consider it. But from what I'm seeing, the ship has already sailed for them considering many other big companies are already offering working blockchain products TODAY (MS Azure, IBM+Hyperledger) 


Except IOTA's market cap is way higher than ETH was at $7
I urge everyone to read white paper and decide for yourself when dealing with any crypto coins 
Stellar is still at an early phase.
Just searched for leather gloves on a whim and found this thread. 
i like you. i too love leather gloves as well. :)
He's the one.
This can very well crash. This coin isn't the only one that's fast and feeless. 
Ah no wonder ETH is benefiting from this as well shown by steady climb on price
Things are certainly getting a little raipay around here 
No
This doesn't fix the issue completely. It still leaves your phone vulnerable to attacks. 
What does Apex have anything to do with AI?
Understandable why people are shilling it. These partnerships are not small fries. Also they already have a working product which is already being used in the real world unlike many of these scamcoins. 
I like this better. It was unrealistic to assume that XRP costed $3.33 for most of us in the U.S. since the highest price you could sell it for is around $2.60. 
Plays really clunky for today's standard but it's worth a try 
Sin.

Kingpin.

Those 2 are just as good as HL1 imho.
Doge is slow. 
Yep and steadily falling for weeks. If you would love a money losing coin, then more power to ya 
Try saying the same thing when it drops to $2
Yeah and how is Firefox doing now?
Easy for you to say if you gained 10,000% from it already 😂


This has got to be one of his funniest recent streams
Pretty limited use of BAT and this success also depends on their obscure browser, which is not going to happen any time soon due to dominance of Chrome.

"BATs can be used for premium content or services on the Brave platform."
I think the problem with many of these projects is they they're relying heavily on their own obscure crypto currency instead of supporting major cryptocurrencies in circulation right now. For instance with this currency I can only use it to buy music and only music on this 1 platform. It's very limiting.

This fundamental mirrors Disney dollars. 

But interesting project either way.

They actually do have a working product. Any other coins that are doing the same thing?

[edit] there are so many others
Yep. It's a legit concern and it doesn't seem like XRB team has a definitive solution for that yet. Maybe it's for the best if XRB sits around at this price range until they're able to fix some of the issues before everything comes crashing down from not being able to handle much traffic securely and efficiently. 
It was a fake article 
Were you able to keep your limits by doing this as well?
Oh shut up. As if dumb money didn't get any $ out of this whole ordeal and it was their god-send effort to put $ in smart money.
Only for the retailer?
Take me by step by step where REQ token comes into play
There are no fees for buying things as a consumer with paypal, but there is for Request Network using REQ token. Also, it really is not ideal to sell and buy stuff p2p over the internet without fraud protection, which is what Paypal provides. 
This doesn't need to be a whole set of new currency. Just create a simple app for iOS and Android.
Run through a process of requesting and sending a payment step by step. 
Isn't it due in April?
NYT scumbag
With REQ, I'm subjected to 0.05% to 0.5% transaction fee as a user on top of tax I would have to pay. I don't pay transaction fee on my end as a Paypal user. I pay the exact amount I was invoiced on ebay and other sites with tax included. Not to mention, there's Express Paypal Checkout option that makes it even simpler for customers.

While it sounds good on paper, this is going to fail miserably for mainstream adoption. This just needlessly adds costs to the consumers.

Paypal can come out with an app that does the same thing with no fees required for the users to use.
Whitepaper says it'll charge per transaction meaning in order for you to even request payment you'll have to put in REQ token for it. I honestly think this is not going to gain mainstream adoption but should be good for short-term investment pump. 
The cat is delicious? Thought their meat was stringy.
sounds like OMISEGO
From what ive read so far it competes with Ripple. The big thing that sold me is that this is IBM's competitive service to ripple as Hyperledger is IBM's answer to Ethereum. 
/r/shillparty
How old are you? 9? Stay on topic 
Check the uses of Request coin on their network.
Judging from this thread alone, it seems like it attracts nothing but stupid money. 
Smells like a scam 
You mean to tell me it's a great idea to pay a fee in Req to send a request notification?

It's only one question


Ethereum is bringing POS to network with Casper upgrade 
Also you can use JavaScript for Ethereum.


REQ is a scam
You need 20XRP reserve on any ripple wallet. At least the ones you have control of your secret/priv key. 
Not convinced. Shill harder. 
I read the white paper on the use of Req token. It's going to fail miserably because of the fact that you need to pay a fee when you can just email the person to request payment for free. 
They need a better wallet. Current ones are trash
Anyone can do it easily for any coin they please. There just doesn't need to be a new set of coin for this single purpose. 
Should read the white paper and look at what their partners are doing with Ripple.


You don't need a whole set of new coin for this. 
Yep and a system that actually works instead of written on a paper as a science project. *cough ADA *cough *cough
What do you think about Walton? Apparently they're getting their feet wet in the same field. 
So... when do you think 0-conf will be the standard for BCH? Because BCH tx is very slow compare to newer coins in top 10 list. 
It took me 30minutes for BCH transfer today. It's not an inherent feature. 
Which wallets support it?
When do you think 0-conf will be the standard for BCH?
https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/7ma0vw/test_the_lightning_network_today_with_minimal/
> raiblocks.net
Says it's invalid

Some other site beat us to it
https://www.coingecko.com/en/coins/ripple/trading_exchanges#panel

Took me like less than 10 seconds to withdraw when I did it an hour ago. Not sure about deposit.
Should ask /r/CryptoCurrency 
I'm getting rid of them. Haven't used it since months. It wasn't this slow back then. I checked the hashrate and it's at 1.5 compare to 16 BTC hashrate. FML. Nobody's mining this dead overpriced coin.
Don't forget to pay the taxman or else IRS will run you dry. 
nobody really knows what it does bc the whole site is in chinese
And when will it be released?
That's cute. RedBellyBlockchain is already capable of doing 440k tps. EOS million tps is still just a theory, have not done in practice yet. 
Yep so am I. I've been investing in blockchain tech since 2013 and this reminds me of Bitcoin's earlier days. It's exciting as all hell. 
It's all fun and games now until you're able to afford a house with these investments. Some of these coins are serious game changers and will make a huge impact in our society. 
Or Nano could be the pioneer of that
Good strategy for short-term traders. 
I think fundamental valuation hasn't caught up yet because this is still a very early market. Once successful meaningful adoption of any of these take off, we will then see who the real winners and losers are. Right now, everybody is just speculating.
Funny how we're going back to using the old ways... using new technology. It's like going 1 step forward and 2 step backwards.

EXCITING!
This is a serious post. Global sales of sex toys were estimated to reach $15 billion in 2014. It's more than likely to reach $20 billion market cap this year. 

I know right! You can buy nano toys with nano coins as well in the near future! 

https://i.imgur.com/rfJBm1w.jpg (NSFW)



That's exactly what I was thinking when I was going through Top 20 list. ADA is still at an early stage. It could be 5 years until we have a working DAPP on it. By then, Ethereum's Casper would be established with POS, which is the only selling point for ADA besides "we have all of the hardcore scientists working on this!" claim. 

Please someone correct me if I'm wrong so I can invest in ADA. Another one that concerns me is TRX. 
I made it using coinmarketcap's data from here https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ripple/#markets
Really good point. There's a strong reason why XEM, ADA and XLM are going up right now while Ethereum stays stagnant because they're low and cheap for investors to buy. 
You could buy nano toys with nano coins. Isn't that exciting?

https://i.imgur.com/rfJBm1w.jpg
(NSFW)
Just get your secret key from gate hub wallet -> use toast wallet import it.

Gate hub is only an exchange site interface for ripple wallet. Your wallets are not being hosted by gate hub. 
Curious why ADA? As far as I can see there is no platform out yet for dapps development and seems like they're far behind Ethereum and NEO
Not a joke. It's an honest truth.
Genius idea good luck to them 
This has got to be one of the funniest success stories. Good on you OP. 
I love how the nerds got the first dip in this. And now it's out there for average Joe to see and invest even though they don't really know what exactly blockchain really is.

I'm grateful to live through this age where the world is about to be changed tremendously with block chain tech. 
Banning underage from creating account to trade I believe 
My God dude... There is just no stopping. 
So am I. Ahn nyung.
If Bitcoin Cash is any indication, maybe you're right, but there are groups of Koreans who are in it for the short term just as much as some of us are. 

When I visited South Korea over the holidays, they would not stop talking about Bitcoin. I'm thinking Bitcoin hype caught up to the mainstream and they were looking for the "next Bitcoin" and landed on XRP since it fixed Bitcoin's problems of slow tx, expensive fees, and scalability. Plus ripple is well established and works with Korean banks to cut costs. 
This was what I was thinking. Everybody I know was talking about ripple today being the new bitcoin, but they just didn't know the first thing about how to get it.

I think once XRP is listed on Coinbase, things will be even between USD and KRW. 
Why? I remember when they were bullish on Bitcoin Cash now it's all about Ripple it seems. 

Their news outlet is pretty similar to ours, just analyzing price but no reason for the bullish trend
No one knows. There are numerous korean traders waiting for the drop as well according to one of the message boards. Your guess is just as good as mine and theirs.
Your shill force is weak my son
It's a working product. It just needs a better wallet client that's pretty much it for the time being. We still have yet to stress test this system besides bitgrail's 1node incident
Unreal.
I would buy some today and if it drops tomorrow, buy some more. If it rises buy some more.

Nobody can predict the market. Just think of it in the long term. Do you think XRP is undervalued at current going price rate of $3.50?
This needs to be addressed ASAP bring it up on Discord
Such an inspiring name

https://i.imgur.com/AaaRjXq.jpg

https://i.imgur.com/AaaRjXq.jpg

https://i.imgur.com/AaaRjXq.jpg

https://i.imgur.com/AaaRjXq.jpg

Yep. Only thing.
But people loved Nano before and they will still love it now!

https://i.imgur.com/AaaRjXq.jpg


You'll learn to love the generic name just like other people have done before us:

https://i.imgur.com/AaaRjXq.jpg


Can't get anymore generic than this
Yes for now. It is a dynamic market and Bitcoin will soon lose its dominance. Rightfully so. 
Those Dapps can easily be ported to other decentralized platform.

I'm expecting there will be multiple platforms much like how we have iOS and Android. Ethereum has the biggest advantage of having the first mover's advantage. But if they don't keep up with the advancement I fear they could fall behind severely. 
Market decides and for now it's ripple 
Heh this is why I use auto complete. I would not see my username at login. 
Still don't see why it needs a separate cryptocurrency when ETH can be used 
You do know that Ethereum will have Proof of Stake implemented like ADA right? It's codenamed Casper. Check it. 


ETH has some serious competition coming it's way 
Considering Bitcoin is old news now and lightning network is a jumbled mess, I would say this could be the new crypto standard. It's fast. Cheap fees. Appreciating values of your currency. That sounds about right to most people. 
God damn that's some nice fucking gain. Congrats OP!
So 1 nano = $0.000000001.

This name as a currency is a disaster 
Nano Penis Enhancement by Nano Labs Inc. 

Can we vote on this please? Nano is a terribly generic name for this awesome product. Let it be Rai since it means lightning. Makes perfect sense and retains old name and gets rid of confusion. 


If it's not going to be as easy as what we're using now with Apple/Samsung Pay, average person is not going to go through the hassle of setting it up. This really defeats the purpose of going crypto. 

Just use a damn credit card:
Go into a store -> Pay -> Get out of the store

No need to first setup a channel -> Put money into the channel reserve -> Go into a store -> Pay -> Get out of the store

What happens when you're out of money for that channel? You have to then move the money first then pay. This results in multiple wallets to be used for multiple channels. This is a disaster. Who the hell thought this was a good idea?


This seems like it was created for techies and forgot to test to see if it's easy to use. 
The thing here is the there is no middle man. Just decentralized tx from one machine to another. There are far better uses for IOTA than this for sure, but still this excites me. 
 Approximately 40 ± 13 ™
January 3rd, 2018 will be forever known as the Ripple Pi Day. 
So are my nipples.
So you're saying in your example, SNT would be the mediator between DASH -> STEEM token? So underneathe the surface, this OS would serve as an exchange as well?
I will make it very long and very hard... for others to guess. 
Doh nevermind. I found out how to add my current address. Thanks for the wallet. 
Exchange wallets do not require 20xrp reserve. However, if those are in any given wallet, 20xrp is required.
Yes but how can I use ToastWallet to open up a wallet created from GateHub with account and secret? It asks for passphrase which wasn't required for GateHub.
Unfortunately I do not. But from my understanding there's no way we can get those out unless they lower the reserves, which will happen sooner or later.

From the official site: https://ripple.com/build/reserves/
It asks for passphrase.
I fixed that by changing my password then logging in with the new password and phone AUTH pin. There seems to be some sort of bug. 
My understanding is that once I have the account secret or address, I can use any other ripple wallets to use that instead of sending over the XRPs to new address. 

I'm trying to minimize losing the last 20-25XRP since there's no way I can get those out of the wallets
I tried adding existing address from GateHub using secret and address from GateHub and it keeps asking for Passphrase. What should I do in this case?


Why change the brand name now to confuse people even more when RaiBlocks is just gaining steam? I really hope this isn't happening right now.

Someone on this subreddit managed to transfer all by sending the last 20 1 by 1

I haven't tried it myself just yet 
Not scam. That's one of the first web wallets made for XRP. Just very understaffed.

I had trouble signing onto that site due to 2FA not working. Gate hub is nothing but trouble. 
Max
I'm down
It would look better without "MTRA_" in the background
Mt. Gox'd
Seems like wallet is having trouble syncing up. It's in your wallet address for sure. Save your seed. 
0x418f204e2f8bbb27e8606b4639eb56e7ac6124ad

Let's do this!
Will you guys offer paperwallet option on your website as well? I think it would be helpful to a lot of us to have this as an option among mobile/web/desktop wallets. 
This may be my go to RaiBlock phone wallet. 
Yep just tested mine with 2 testing wallets. It works instantaneously. This is fun sending the same amount back and forth with no fees. 
These are low tier exchanges that are just not capable of handling this much traffic. Demand is exploding so I'm not surprised. 
It's $0.88 per vote. 
Their withdrawals are backlogged I would imagine or their server can't handle the load in a timely manner.  Your guess is just as good as mine. 
This needs to be stickied
Exchanges usually keep your old address linked to your account so you can receive using that multiple times.
Yep ADA is most definitely overvalued at the moment since all you can do is just send/receive ADA with fees and... that's it. They're promising big things to be an Ethereum competitor but they're behind both NEO and Eth. 
Both XLM and ADA are decentralized.  XRP focus is improving current banking system. For that it has to be fast and centralized. People are enjoying XRP due to the fact that it's more established and it's just so god damn fast compare to what they're used to with Ethereum and Bitcoin.
Once IOTA gets improved, it'll be just as good as RaiBlock, but I think RaiBlock will have an advantage here in that it's already a working product. IOTA is still slow at the moment and it's not primarily made for average consumers. 
It's not too late. Just think of investing for the long term not short term. Think about it. Raiblocks hasn't even gone mainstream yet. No sites use it. Still in Alpha phase; Desktop wallet doesn't even work properly. Think about how much bigger this will get once people

1) Trust the team and this tech

2) Accept this in stores and websites 

3) Use this world wide. 


Most of the 2nd and 3rd gen blockchain techs are this fast. From my experience, the speed is just as comparable to Stellar XLM and Cardano ADA. (Hell, even the 1st gen Ripple XRP is just as fast)

I think what sets this apart from the rest is all the hype that's being generated. No adoption yet. Small team (probably not for long). Barely working wallet desktop client. It's got a long way to go. That isn't to say this coin's price isn't going up. It will due to FOMO and hype. 
MS supports keyboard and mouse setup. Xbox will officially support it sometime later this year. 
idk why anyone wouldn't pay to gain an edge over all the other console n00bs.
There's a lot of other cloud blockchain platform in development at the moment. Anything can happen. 
I still wear it. I like the smell. 
With a huge project like this, we won't see any real case use that'll be adopted by mainstream until 5 years down the line
No. 2 already happened in November last year.
But how fast will this content download and upload be on this blockchain cloud platform? 
Yes but why do we need TRX for payment when there are other coins out already?
City looks so empty
Jesus christ that was fast
Ironically, your reply contributes nothing to the conversation. Going back to your first post in this thread, to say that Ethereum doesn't have to rely on big company adoption to be successful is entirely untrue and is such a naive statement. We didn't get this far with just small no-name people adopting this technology. There's a huge amount of adoption from big companies and banks as well that contributed tremendously to the growth of Ethereum. 

So yes, I stand by what I said earlier. It would be wise to go outside of this subreddit to look at what's actually going around in the world with Ethereum usage and adoption rather than swimming in your small subreddit pond thinking you know everything that's going on with Ethereum.
for moving money across borders but not for dAPPs
I like the way you think but let's step down and be humble here. 
Yep you're right. Anyone can just copy Cardano/Stellar and just put a different name over it. But again, IOTA is open-source as well and its Tangle is not patented. They partnered up with BOSCH so anything can happen to be honest.
You should try reading some articles outside this subreddit. There are many companies and banks using Ethereum currently to develop their own unique solutions to streamline their processes and cut costs.

And yeah you're right about competition. Companies are raving about how blockchain is the next big thing right now. 
Looking over many news articles, many banks and companies are using Ethereum to develop. I know it's not something new blockchain networks want to hear, but the ship's almost sailing for them and the only way they could make a big splash is to create a big hype and create something different than ethereum.

Ethereum is already well established and people are working hard to improve this system currently.  
Mainly driven by FOMO and hype for "we have the best scientists working on this!"

Only thing that's functional at the moment is just sending and receiving ADA. It has a very long way to go. I think over the years we will see different coins coming up and getting knocked off the top 10 market cap list. 
Improve transaction speed and capacity this system can handle per second. When a single dapp boggs down the whole system you know it's bad. 
Why not? Don't knock it till you try it.
Just don't mind them. Trust your own gut and judgment.
No one is taking over anything. Bitcoin or ADA or any other cryptocoins will co-exist and people can use those for decentralized currency needs. No need to make a big deal out of it.
Just a random pump much like any of the crypto coins recently due to mainstream "investors" coming in. No new recent development or any form of news that drive today's pump. 

Just enjoy it. 
You can't hear anything anymore. Mission accomplished.
Twisted Metal. I personally thought it was the best one out of the series due to the fact that it plays so fluidly. It's also one of those games that's easy to play but hard as shit to master. 
There are many but for starters I would go with ADA & Stellar (speed difference is night and day vs. BTC/BCH) but it would be wise to do your own diligence and research before plopping down your hard earned cash. 
It already is an asset. It's already well established with big backers that it's not going away. Sorry to say but Bitcoin is no longer ours! 

Good news is that there are 100's of alternatives out today that we could buy to satisfy our "decentralized cryptocurrency" itch. 
Just save up more and get a G35/37. I would imagine insurance is lower for G25 due to the horsepower difference but should ask your agent directly. 
You're fine. Just be sure to keep up with waxing and get some detail done down the road. 
Another chance to buy it low before it hits $3. Thanks! 
You're seeing this culture because cryptocurrencies were born to get rid of banks in the first place. 

But ripple founders saw that this technology can be utilized to improve our current banking systems. 

They will co-exist along with tech focused on handling IOT, etc... I personally never understood the hatred for banks since they're protecting my hard earned money and helped me deal with stolen funds and credit cards. They will be around for a very long time. 
No offense but BCH and BTC are outdated old technologies. There are better tech out right now that's faster with better scaling solutions.

Still that's not to say people WONT buy Bitcoin because it has the first movers advantage and greatest exposure to average people. But people who are familiar with this tech diversified their portfolio. 
Not surprised considering other exchanges have mysteriously shut down whenever Bitcoin crashes to limit people from selling it. 

I've seen this time and time again. 
What would happen?
Wow. Enjoy your beast. Take good care of it and it'll take care of you. 

There are some people who have their G35/37 at 245,000+ mileage and they claim theirs still run like the first day they bought it. 
Where would you store snow tires for other seasons if you live in a condo without a garage? I heard they wear quicker on summer days.
Same here man. I would kiss you if you were here next to me. 
Not yet. There's a lot of sell pressure on bithumb vs. buy. Expect it to go down further. 
Yeah but this experience let's us know how high ripple can go short-term. It's really exciting. 
This is crazy... 
Umm... What is going on??? Majority of the push is coming from South Korea.
You won't be saying that for long when Bitcoin reaches $50k. 
Let me take out my crystal ball but first you need to
1) go outside
2) buy some blow
3) pick up hookers
4) snort blow up your trout from hooker's ass trap

Then and only then you will get your answer. 
Funny that you think I somehow made this thread. 😂

As a currency, litecoin is better than Ethereum. The advantage AND disadvantage of Ethereum is that it tries to be many things. Poorly at that. 
How's your stuck Ethereum tx going? 
Took me 1-2min with litecoin when I used it just yesterday. Dat lightning network @ work
Because their dreams of buying lambos and big houses are tied to the price of Ethereum.

Believe it or not, money is important to a lot of people.
Yep both Bitcoin and ethereum are pretty old technology. That's why we've been seeing newer coins price going up recently. They're much faster and a lot more capable.

I like ethereum but I do welcome upgrades. 
Today's news is good for people who invested in this years back.

As a new investor you're better off buying other cryptocurrency at the same price since they have more room to grow compare to ripple. Price will go up but very slowly. 

I can't imagine it going up past $5 in a few years which tests Bitcoin's current market cap. 
I'd rather have a functional phone that provides the processing power it was advertised. It's not that complicated. 
Apple: "No... You pay US. We will not change the code that slows down older phones on purpose."
Apple is making a bank out of this situation instead of changing simple codes in their software. They got caught red-handed and it's too late to turn back.

Not much because of increase in supply. Also $5 max if it reaches Bitcoin cap with the current amount of coins we have in circulation. 
System just isn't ready for mainstream use yet. Give it 2 years. 
This. 
so which one is it? NXT or ARDOR?
*scrolls down all of the gibberish*

*clicks on the link*

*nothing loads*

*backs out of the thread*
I think you're better off investing in Dash. I remember they were both around same price a few months back and Dash broke $1000 and will go higher than ETH in the long run
He's coming out of the closet finally. I'm calling it.
He IS the father figure of Xbox after all. Happy holidays!
Most people pay monthly for a Macbook as well. 
Macbook or a phone for the price. Hmm... Not too hard to decide!
Spreading democracy 
And that shitcoin is up 190% past few days. This confusion is going to lead to a lot of problems 
I love you. 
Enigma will have a problem going mainstream due to the fact that there are 2 of them with the same name. 


Weird that there's always questions like this that blows up whether it be someone putting down Psy for cursing out America for letting the terrorists kill the South Korean who was captured by the terrorist and was begging for help on TV. Or putting down SK for their KPop industry. Or stuff like this whenever this country is in a spot light for positive reasons.

Someone must be depressed this holiday season to even wanting to talk about this kind of grotesque stuff in details.
Fucker made me spit out my water on my phone 
So is your mother's vagina 
Biggest and baddest nerd of all.
NXT is being phased out though. Focus is more on their Ardor blockchain which is essentially NXT 2.0 with IGNIS being Ardor's child. 
I don't?
Yeah they've been doing this since the first iPhone came out. Latest updates always made the older phones a lot slower than it did before urging customers to buy their newest and baddest phone. 

Same thing is happening now with the Apple Watch.

Tbh, I'm not surprised that Apple's been doing this. Glad this is out in the air for everyone to see. 


Not settled on using this tech yet. Still finding the right one to use out of 1000's 

The program will last for 2 months, with several events on January 15th, February 23rd and March 16th. More than 18 Japanese companies are participating in this program and will be mentoring the selected companies. We are incredibly excited about this opportunity and are looking forward to work with the various stakeholders.


but what is NXT doing differently than others? I see that they offer others to use their blockchain as long as they're not competing against NXT. 
Does NXT wallet support the IGNIS airdrop?
Will you work on visualizing faster altcoins as well? I get that this is bitcoin related subreddit but it would be certainly appreciated as a comparison. 
Both are at fault.

Man-lady should've been nicer and asked if she could use the equipment soon.

The whore who's hogging the equipment should know better to move onto different equipment after 20min or so
brkfsts
$400 for an egg? Are you serious? People would be better off getting a PS4 and a few games with that money.
I actually like it. Green is money and money is green.

People nowadays associate Bitcoin as digital gold/commodity since it's not practical to use it as a cash.


 Believe it or not, not every companies take Bitcoin for payments
Just invest right now instead of watching this opportunity fly by. Both Bitcoin and Eth are two of the most established cryptotechs today and they won't be going away for awhile.

I lost some other coins as well for different reasons. Bought back in either way and I'm up.
Still weird to not email everyone that signed up to their service about this major shut down. 
Salty af
You too
I went to Nissan dealership to get my transmission fluids flushed and changed  since there isn't an Infiniti dealership nearby here. Anything I should be concerned about?
He didn't say motor. Taptic Engine is creating vibrations close to your balls in your pocket every time you get message from your mom. 
You're having trouble understanding that 1) you can buy EOS coins and 2) store them in many wallets available which are far superior to what IOTA has to offer currently.

If you're offended at the fact that IOTA is slower and least developed than any of the 3 coins aforementioned then you shouldn't be trading in the first place since you haven't done your research. 
That's a weird bubble that you're living in. Good luck with that!
EOS coins and wallets do exist. Are you high?

ADA is got to be one of the fastest coins I ever used right next to Ripple with EOS right in between them. Only reason why IOTA got hyped is because of the news of MS "partnering" with IOTA even though the truth is MS is just a participant that's testing out different cryptotech before settling down on one. 
Try Stella and EOS and ADA. I noticed that they're all fast and most importantly, wallets work as intended with no troubles.

I think we're at the point where most of the altcoins are faster than what we're used to with Bitcoin and Ethereum. 
So you don't know.
Doesn't really say how fast the transaction time is or how capable it will be compare to Ethereum. Just "WE HAVE ALL OF THE SCIENTISTS WORKING ON THIS SO IT'S GOING TO BE AWESOME" sort of propaganda. 
This guy has seen some shit. 99 years old? Wow.
Just get the one you like looking at. 

In my eyes, coupe is more for kids. I chose sedan journey. I still like the looks. Have enough room for other people to sit in. Still has that 3.7L V6.
Always salivated at skylines ever since I was a kid. Went straight for Infiniti G37 and didn't even consider Nissan.
There are many ways but a couple ones

1) Find a protein target and design a compound that'll bind to it at high affinity

2) Use blind approach and throw different compounds in each well with the purified target protein and see what binds to it the best

This is the most simplest way I can explain
You mean you have to use hands? That's like a baby's toy! 
This perfectly depicts current situation between Bitcoin and Bitcoin cash fanatics 
Yep this is why serious Ethereum competitors are beginning to appear in top 20 list. It would be wise to diversify. 
Propaganda 
/r/battlestations became /r/shittybattlestations 
/r/shittybattlestations/
https://imgur.com/a/6tQPY
Good advertisement
You'll need that extra cash to get out of your parents' basement kid.
some of y'all are funny as fuck. keep it coming
Get a life.
Thanks for proving my point. 
See this toxicity? This is why he's giving up on you all and I don't blame him. 
I'm not surprised, but good luck to him in the future. 
What did you expect? His community was so toxic to him. It's a no brainer that he distanced himself away from you all.
Print more lobster money.
Please God no. Touch screen controls are trash.
As long as people get some form of satisfaction from it, it's not waste of money. 
Probably struck gold with bitcoin.
Hope so. Transaction time is the fastest from what they're offering atm. 
It depends. I had to volunteer before I graduated high school and my brother and I chose library to fill up our hours and it was the most boring depressing job we ever took. It nearly drove us crazy. 
I love my barber. She's like my therapist. 
That's about to happen in 2 days. Good luck.
Hehe yeah. However I'm still up with other investments so I'm still quite happy with what I got. :) But yeah, one of the biggest lessons I learned so far as an investor and hopefully some people also learn from my experience as well!
I will when you guys release new games rather than countless ports.
Well, they got me to buy a Nintendo system and I haven't bought one since Gamecube so... yeah. They did good.
Thanks man. It went through just now!
It went through after 2 and a half days hurray!

I do love this fee-less tx. I just wish it was much faster... So much potential here.
Yes to give a feedback. At its current stage it can not handle any project. At least iOS works. 
I love how people are there just watching as if it's part of the play.
Yeah I would take that with a grain of salt 
It's based on the flow of information. At the moment it's slow as fuck and unreliable.
Source?
My Tx is still stuck after 48 hours.

This doesn't give me any confidence in the product at all.
Oh please god no. My tx is stuck and it's been past 36hrs.
Source?
I can't use any of the nodes from the website without getting "Could not connect to remote node" error message.

[update]
changed node -> reattached the latest tx -> still pending.
15,700 and rising 
Yet you don't know the answer. 
Wonder what wallet he was using. Fee wasn't that high when I used it couple of days ago 
Probably said some shit to white cops
Deal 
i'll pm you with "running the company in the ground" quote once the price doubles
Delusional
Please tell me more.
>Run the company into the ground

Bitcoin's worth $14,000 today.

Delusional.
No backup source to claim that statement.
So you don't know the answer.
I think at this point it's self explanatory that main reason why people are attracted to cryptocurrency is that its value rises over time. Average user is not going to care about it being "paypal 2.0" as long as 
1) it works
2) value rises
Scaling issue. Read.
Laptops are multi-functional. $1000 full node isn't. You just plug it in and that's it. I think it would be hard to convince merchants to use it UN LESS the overall fee is low enough vs. taking fiat and visa/mastercard.
So out of how many times, is it safe to use? 1/100? 1/1000 instant transaction is not safe?
Source doesn't say anything about bandwidth limit going up. 
Delusional.
The issue is pertaining to the scalability. What bitcoin cash fans are proposing as a solution doesn't seem feasible.
Source?
Would be interesting to see how it compares to the cost of using fiat/VISA for merchants once we do reach that point.
Now it seems like you're having trouble remembering the question as well. When you do calm down and remember, come back and answer it.
So you don't have a solution for it. That's concerning.
$1000 for a full node. How will you be able to upgrade?
Give me a summary on how bitcoin cash will stay decentralized while scaling AND deal with instant payment competition
You say that it does but nobody gave me a constructive, rational answer on this. 
"I don't like your opinion so I'm going to call you a troll."
Tell me. How do you propose to solve the scaling issues of the network while maintaining decentralization.
I'll read more about XMR and Cardano. Thanks
It would be helpful to come up with an actual answer than a generic list of criticism. 
Better hope ISP's don't tighten down on monthly bandwidth limitations
I think the earlier people realize this, they would be able to come up with better off-chain scaling solution than LN. 

Something that gives users more control over their transactions. Because 1-way payment system where you can't even correct simple mistakes will not be the one for mass adoption. 
Such as?
Users will have to face the risk of losing their money for instant tx? That's just not a feasible product for mass adoption.

BCH will get bogged down just like Bitcoin will. It'll just take longer to get there. The solution to solve that problem is just not realistic. You can't just increase block size forever and expect it to stay decentralized.
"I don't like what you're saying so I'm just going to call you delusional." - delusional fanboy.
The guy above claimed that bitcoin cash offers instant tx. It is untrue from my experience.

I have not but from what I've read it's coming sooner than we all think. One more reason for people to stick to bitcoin and not flip to other altcoins.
Heavy home PC's will be the thing of the past. We're moving towards mobile computing. Check the news.

Also, bitcoin cash will become centralized too due to the limitation of its on-chain solution.
I'm here for open discussion. Sadly, you're not. If you truly believe no other altcoins can challenge bch, you're simply delusional.
I have not experienced instantaneous transaction on bitcoin cash. They were mostly 10-20min on my end. This system will get bogged down just like Bitcoin in the future, but will take longer to get there.


There are pros and cons on both sides. I just don't think Bitcoin Cash has long-term scaling issue solved yet. Simply increasing the blocksize forever will get to the point where only big companies will afford to run full nodes, ironically becoming centralized to a certain degree.
yeah that's what i decided to do after reading more about it. thanks
I read that progress system in multiplayer is holding back the game and EA is going to update it. I assume they haven't restructured their multiplayer upgrade mechanics
Besides the microtransactions. I want to know if it's actually fun to play. 
Hopefully SE X too???
That was the main reason why I waited for 6S Plus before upgrading from 5S. It's still going strong today.
Doom for MS-DOS.

I like old games.
That's a good question... I would've cashed out no doubt because at this point I would be glued to the price of Bitcoin and I would panic at just the sight of it decreasing a little. This was the main reason why I cashed out back then as well due to the fact that I put more money into it than I should've had.

Thanks!
That could be said for most of the cryptocoins out today including Ethereum. 
I would watch the shit out of this...
Then go back up even higher. This is only the beginning. 
It's hard to wake up knowing that I could've had more and my life would've been changed. I know I sound greedy but it's just not that easy to forgive myself.
Yep. Perhaps this is the biggest lesson I will ever learn as a first-time investor. What a crash course this was. I'm still thankful that I wasn't at the other end of the spectrum where I lost money that I put in. 


Yeah maybe you're right. This isn't for everyone. 
Except it's not that easy to sell bitcoin. And when there is a panic sell, bitcoin exchanges will crash, making it harder for people to sell. This happened numerous times in the past and it is one of the methods people use to protect the value of Bitcoin.
Well, congratulations. While I didn't lose any money, I'm just lamenting at the fact that I could've made even more money. I'm thankful for this however considering I'm not at the other end of the spectrum where I lost money from investment.
I really do believe in this but the price just doesn't reflect this reasoning and logic. My expectation has been shattered and I'm just at a loss for words. 

People are using bitcoin as a commodity rather than as a currency now. It has evolved to something more expensive and bigger. Any coin's value is dictated by how much people are willing to pay for it and due to hype and expectation, this is what we get. It's about to hit $20,000 and I can't focus on work because of this.



I think Bitcoin will be forever known as the digital gold from here on out seeing as how it's useless as a currency. 

So nothing else will replace it. Only way Ether can go up is people using it for services correct? Once everything works out like it's designed to. 


Who? Not a big news
What's even more concerning is that Bitfinex will prohibit US users from withdrawing their coins soon. So this really is a shitty situation.
I ran over similar situation in my head multiple times. I'll be taking my desktop computer and xbox one. Then bail the fuck outta there. 
You belong in the psychiatric ward. Lucky for you, it's perfectly normal to think like this in America.
Doubt it. Apparently you don't understand.
Can I suggest you zoom out?
Speaking like a true American. I know this sounds abnormal to you, but life is not all about fearing things and people. 
Wolfenstein 2 was overrated imho. Game plays like pure rotten trash.
what wallet would you recommend?
Need to switch out BTC with Litecoin for your Coinbase step

BTC is slow as all hell compare to Litecoin and Ethereum 
Yeah you're going to miss this ride sad to say. Just have Coinbase and exchange accounts ready for the next one.
Others have been saying that it's due to IOTA back log. IOTA Withdrawal on Binance is suspended for now as well. This sucks :/

You think nothing would happen if I cancel it the transaction? I have an option for that, which is what I'm not used to with cryptocurrency
Sweet. Thanks!
Even if the transaction is still pending?
I thought I was the only one. Same here. Did it go through for you yet?
It just says 0i amount, unconfirmed

same as what i saw when i was sending small amount a day before before I received it into my wallet
I have some sort of issue here.

I opened up a wallet -> attached -> sent from an exchange to my wallet -> turned off my computer

when I turned it back on, it seems like the transaction is still stuck after 12 hours but now I have new receive address.

I need to know if I have to have my wallet open for a complete transaction.
Yeah I know but I need to know this. Can you spare 1 i and send it to me? I would like to test this.
So I could use previous receiving address as well to receive IOTA?
So I could use previous receiving address as well to receive IOTA?
It's funny how the megaman creator himself made a worse game than Capcom did.
If the end of net neutrality is of any indication, it would be just like it or close to it.

Probably will charge $20 per game or 4 for $60
Welp. I'm sticking to hotels. Thanks for the info!
Join game clubs. There's a ton of gamers out there itching for game nights. 
Where do you live?
How do we get to that point?
But it's slow. It's been 10 minutes and my transaction hasn't been confirmed yet.
That means fired employees. 
Just do it. ✔
Beginning of the end.
They're already in on bitcoin. They've been on it for awhile. Should check the news.
Okay.
I will buy them at the right price. $60 for old ass games I won't pay for. 
You're going to regret that a year from now.  Dont ever listen to this subreddit or anyone else when making decision like this. I know I made that mistake and I hate myself for it.

Do some research on your own and decide. 
Overnight bank transfers are free here. 
Post screenshots. Also $5 fee for>$1200 isn't that bad. It's the cheaper transactions you have to worry about. 
Unless your bad decision results in your death. 
Back the f-fuck-ck up. Written by Stuttering Craig.
You don't. And you can't recover from that 100% either because there always will be people who don't believe you due to the nature of he said she said situation. 

But all in all, fuck them. Do your own work you're getting paid to do. Please your superiors and make the right connections, you'll be fine pretty much. 
Doom 1
Same as how your mama feels about you 
This. Bought it because of hype. Can't get into it because it's depressing as all hell. 
I keep coming back to it. I just couldn't get into BO3 and IW but this game is actually pretty well made.
Getting good grades and making good friends will get you far in life. 
Cheat: Cruise control & pass on the left.
Mine keeps clogging up my toilet. 
Shooting. 
Play however you like. I rotate among 3 games (Mario Oddysey, Kart, Zelda) based on what I feel like playing 
Big banks investing in Bitcoin isn't really stupid money. 
I feel bad because I sold it off and listened to other people. If it was the other case, I would be celebrating right now. 

Biggest lesson I learned is that nobody knows what the fuck is going to happen and this is all just a huge digital roulette game we're playing. 
The old Bitcoin will always be on the top due to the high exposure level and adoption. Also, it's one of the first crypto coins (besides lite coin and ethereum) you can buy before you can buy altcoins. 
Worse at being dumb as opposed to worse at being intelligent. 
Blacksgiving 
It's already winter. 
Advertisement is rampant on Reddit 
"I'll show them my dislike by upvoting instead of taking practical actions"
Kind of reminds me of Ready Player One.

I think it's inevitable that everything on the internet will be monetized for access and faster speed. 
"The bill the House passed Thursday would deliver a $1.5 trillion tax cut, with benefits tilted toward corporations, business owners and wealthy families. "

Yes. Tax the poor and drive them out of their dream, home, and country.


Welcome to reddit 
Complaints about America and Americans when some of the people they don't know do the same things. 
Some weeks I get by without playing any and some other weeks, I still play games a couple of times throughout the week. Replaced my gaming time with
1)work
2)errands
3)hiking
4)recreational/competitive shooting (trap/skeet/clay, training for 3gun)
4.5) lifting weights 
5)internet/tv shows, etc...

Any cheap unknown brand LCD monitors. Never had to endure such terrible image quality with shitty cotrast and poor black levels all my life. Never again.
Dexter
That's actually awesome. I'm gonna be on a 14hr flight and will be getting Doom just for reactions like that. 
Africa circa 2017
Exactly my point. Not everyone is smart with money. 
Not everyone is smart with money 
Or pretty much setting your own rules in your home like it's your own little kingdom. 
$60? Hahahahahaha
Too small. Not going to happen unless you jailbreak. 
What class are you going to pick? I'm gonna go with Officers
Exactly. Hence we're here.
I'll see you on the server. 
I'm not EA but that's actually hilarious that you think I am. Shows the state of this hive mindset where if you're not with them, you're the enemy. It's actually quite getting old to be honest. 


I'm not really surprised. $60 for a game isn't that much considering how much costs are involved nowadays making and marketing a single game to the point where it fails sales wise you risk of closing the shop.

People need to realize that the old days of N64/PSX days are over and we're moving more towards a model where in order for you to get the whole complete experience, you need to shell out more shekels. 
BTC will reach 10k soon enough. 
There isn't going to be. People are still going to buy it regardless of this small boycott. I sure as hell will. 
Swearings are censored in N64 version as well.  I honestly don't care for lewed cartoony shit if I wanted to watch porn I would watch porn. What made Conker Live better for me were the graphics with intact gameplay. I say bring it to Xbox One and X. Papa's ready. 
You do know that N64 version is censored as well. Plus it looks like shit. Xbox version imho is way better.
Nigga shut your cornyass up. Niggas bout them cornbreads and not real nigga bread thinkin they run the streets. Nigga please.
There's no real practical use for it just yet. Most people today use it as a commodity where they just buy to hold and ride the price increase trend.

Supposedly there are apps that use this tech but let's be honest, it's nowhere near mass adoptable condition. 
That's what they get for pre-ordering. 
That was exactly my first thought after hearing they reduced the price of all heroes by 75%... Have they reduced the amount of credits you earned as well. This is gold. 
At this point, nobody knows which coin will survive this shit-fest. Your guess is just as good as mine. This is just like playing Roulette. 
God plays no part.
He isn't wrong. Somebody had to say it.
There are many but shooting is one. 
That I masturbate to murder porn. I get turned on from watching masked and gloved killer snuff someone out via asphyxiation, shooting, stabbing, slicing, etc... The more the victims panic and plead for help, the better...
I personally enjoyed playing this game when it first came out. Graphics were pretty impressive and I loved using the shotgun in the game. There are some memorable moments in the game as well. 

I never considered this to be an actual Unreal sequel but a spinoff seen as how it lacks exploration style gameplay. 
Eh not really. Those are there waiting for me and I'll get to them or not whenever I feel like it. I don't pressure myself at all since this is merely for entertainment purpose. 
Pick up a new hobby 
Why? It just shows stats of BCH.
Is it bad that I expected one of them to break their necks at the end.
Because it's fake/staged.
ITT: Dumb people falling for fake screenshot.
Yep if anyone hasn't done this yet, Electron Cash wallet is easy to use and backup. 
Cool a hard fork. Does this mean I have double the Bch and double the fun?
Congrats on passing your test and enjoy the game
2tb wouldn't be enough tbh. Would've gone with 5tb at least. 
Honestly, I don't mind this. What I have problem with is making these things incredibly hard for non-payers to get. If they had the upgrades and other crap fairly obtainable for average gamer but allow others to pay premium for those, it would've been alright. Even better would be to let those gamers sell those items or heroes to people who are willing to pay at an online auction.
Savages
Complete utter freedom. I recommend everyone to try this at least once in their lifetime. 
/r/holdmyfries
Hash rate says otherwise. Let's be realistic here. 
Like what?
My brother, my cousin, and I saw a rat outside and at some point we surrounded it and I stomped it to death. My cousin ratted me out and my uncle told me to pray for the rat, but I never felt any remorse for killing it. 

Build Robocops.
Cried in disappointment when I found out that my ex-best friend turned out to be just like my abusive father. All of the time and energy to help him just gone down the toilet. Dropped him like a bad habit from my friends circle. 


Not really funny. It was a bit uncomfortable seeing as how it was done forcefully in a malicious manner.
That turned dark real quick.
Is it cold where you live? I ask because there might have been condensation formed inside your system when you turned it on. What I do is I leave it in the room temperature for 20min or so before I start using any electronics that have been outside in the cold for a good amount of time.
Okay so I will say hi and hello aggressively tomorrow morning instead of politely. 


69
Short loading time. No bullshit cutscenes. Just put me right into the game and I start shooting. This is why I play Doom 1/2 still.


I mostly remember playing demo discs from PC gamer magazines with my friend. He had an amazing computer setup that his father got with huge monitor so we would stay up all night going through all of the demos. 
Thanks for the confirmation! I'm looking forward to getting it next week!
Never had an issue with my Glock G19 so it caught me off guard when users reported issues using it with their M2.0 so I want to know if it's the same case with Compact model as well
That's really not that bad. I thought the fee would be way higher than this. 
What terrorist isn't proud of his score? This sensationalized article is just designed to illicit anger from the readers. 
It's a boring game.  It's not bringing anything new to the table. 
Aww good for you man. 
I welcome anyone into my life as long as they're not druggies or abusive rather than building walls around me to this extreme extent. 

I realized one way I comfort myself when I can't make friends with everyone is to become defensive and build walls around myself like what this guy/girl did here. That way I would feel safe instead of dealing with my insecurities head on. That is really not the way to live. Trapping yourself in your own created prison. 

It feels good once you do it but in the long run I felt I was suffocating myself by doing this. So if anyone else wish to try it, by all means do. Sometimes the best thing anyone can do is to experience it themselves. 
AHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAH
Some people shouldn't be trading at all. If you need to ask then you're doing it wrong. 
It's just a scanning machine. I would say give it about 5-10 years and it'll be able to do simple stocking.
Wat.
Doesn't matter. That's what people are using it as. If you have a problem with that then that's your issue.
As I said earlier. It is not going to compete with other altcoins. It's becoming more of a commodity than a currency. 
Doesn't necessarily mean they look like Middle Eastern people.
"useless altcoin" that still has >55% crypto market dominance and won't be going away any time soon. BTC is good and all but sometimes people here are just as delusional as /r/Bitcoin
Doesn't necessarily translate to how it affects the price. I think it's pretty clear that btc is moving more towards big transactions and leaving the smaller transactions to altcoins. It's becoming more of a digital gold or commodity than a currency. 
Not sure why people are so defensive in here. The evidence is pretty clear that she's fat and likes free candies. 
Forgot about losing your mind. 
That's weird man. I never had crash on my og xbox. I've seen a lot of framedrops and what not but never seen a game crashing bug this bad. 
Never had an issue playing it back then. 

Only thing I can suggest OP is to either wait for some sort of update or just get OG Xbox for like $20. Or... you know you can just play it on iPhone or PC. It's an old game. 

Italian my ass LUL
You may not be able to play them but at least you have the bragging rights! Isn't that worth the cost? Playing games with people is so 90's. - Activision
Not dank enough. It needs to be on Mom's dirty unwashed panties.
That would be pretty fucking sweet actually if they X'ified SE phones 
Awww those horses are ecstatic for their marriage. How romantic. 
I doubt it. They're going to call it the new iPhone X or X2 or XS, whichever is stupider. 
Mom! Little retarded Jimmy is saying the N word again!!!!
ITT: Cranky anti-social drama queens 
Until next year when new iPhone X2 comes out 
So ADHD and smoking weed are good for creativity. That's a surprise of the century. 
Gone Home. Ahh... Fuck. 
That's great man. Hey have you tried that (food/drink item)? I'm going to go get some you should too! I'll brb.
Straight man roller bladin on a side walk
Conker Live and Reloaded please!
Doesn't work on some people even when you tell them to ask you any question they want or talk about anything. Some people are just boring and you have to accept them.
Simple death match still would've been nice
Nothing new. He already said many times that he finds playing video games boring.

I don't want to see Ice forced to play games. He won't enjoy them and that'll make the stream not fun to watch. 

The party stream was one of the greats in the long time. I want to see more of that. Ice and the gang just chillin and fucking around.
No. you just witnessed a way to gain karma on Reddit.
Jesus Christ 
CriHard Soldier
I'm good but thanks! :)
Heh. I'm a scientist by heart and stuff vape does to our cells aren't really innocuous. I'm just here to just talk about vapin' with all you good folks.

I have no trouble with the control, it's the craving that somewhat affects my ability to think 100% clearly until the next vape session that I have a problem with. 
I tend to vape menthol flavors. Always liked smoking menthol cigs as well. That cool feeling down my throat in combination with the typical vape throat hit just makes me :) 
Vape pen that I bought from Paris last year. Nothing too serious. Before that, I vaped out of Volcano/Blu E-cigs. 
Little bit of nicotine. Little bit of throat hit. Just thinking about vaping out in the freezing cold just makes me :)

Shooting is a whole another different addiction in itself. It's the thrill of taking down multiple targets as fast as possible while having absolute control over your recoil, movement, etc... within a limited time frame. 
Cuphead 
This brings smile to my face knowing that we're all part of something greater than anyone could've imagined 10 years ago. Congrats OP and good luck on your future. 
Went down to 0.6% (6mg) then I quit without a problem (no side effects, no cravings at the time). Something about cold weather triggers me to vape
Was looking for one just last night as well. 

https://shop.opticsplanet.com/viridian-green-lasers-viridian-x5l-w-tacloc-holster.html?_iv_code=UT-LS-VDX5L-X5L-PACK-X2&utm_source=google&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=plusbox-beta&gclid=Cj0KCQjwg7HPBRDUARIsAMeR_0gA9BiKM6B7WUoBu3W0p_fKdP33v9CfrSLeqNatRwNGP6qn4hJElKMaAvomEALw_wcB
I liked it for graphics and multiplayer. 3D acceleration graphics (3DFX) were still pretty new and exciting when this game came out and it was a huge upgrade from software rendering
Looks cozy af. I'm saving this pic so that one day once I graduate and get my own house and move out of the condo, it'll look similar to this. 
I love how he framed the pic of the place that he's chillin in. 
Playing video games is a childish activity in itself. You're not any mature just because you're playing a video game with blood in it. You're still playing with other kids online.

Condemning Nintendo games just because of their childish appearance is one of the dumbest things a gamer can ever do. They still pump out some of the greatest games ever made to this day. You're doing yourself a disservice by limiting yourself to "mature" games. 
Good. It has been a long time coming. 
Fake
Game is too depressing for my taste. Haven't touched it after playing for about 2 hours. 
AHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAH
Fascinating video. Thanks for sharing. 
Flappy Bird is the next tetris. It won't be going away unfortunately. Ever. 
Okay?
Still baffles me to this day why Sony decided to half-ass their upgrade. 
Yep same. It's so fast and responsive. Last version was dogshit slow couldn't even navigate  through the store without getting frozen. 
Played? I still play this game from time to time. Multiplayer is still a fucking blast to play as long as no one plays as Oddjob.
It deals with it by not dealing with it.
Well. Time for me to kick ass and chew bubble gum.
Oculus Touch is built like a fucking rock. Could almost use it to kill someone. Almost.
Same with a porn directed by some dude.
https://imgur.com/a/cZAj4
HAHAHHAHAHAHAHA keep digging your own grave. I'm saving all of these messages for later on so I can laugh my ass off.

I really do appreciate it.
Pathetic! Come on come back! 
HAHAHAHA you're back again. You said bye more than 3x yet you keep coming back! HaHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAH



HAHAHAHAHHA

Come on create a 3rd account please!
Says the person who went through the trouble of creating a 2nd account because he got so mad from losing an argument then deleting it. XD

My fucking sides! HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAH
You should create a 3rd account and reply to all of my comments to convince me how Zerohaven is right again. I think that would drive the point home. 
I needed that laugh thanks. :)
When you get caught red handed, you delete your 2nd account. 

This is funny as all hell. Keep going.
Good luck at a psychiatric ward bud. Hope you get better. 
You should make a 3rd account and really convince me how you're so right! 

It's funny as hell seeing you digging your own grave. 

Yep so am I :)

The difference is you said bye yet you're still here responding. Thanks for sticking around. 
You forgot to use your 2nd account this time!
Yep as I said earlier. Your mentality of "I'm right and you're wrong" is getting old. Contribute something to the conversation. 
Still playing dumb. This is grand. Entertain me more, child.
Unfortunately, it is highly subjective how one perceives how the old game plays. How "dated" a game is doesn't affect how it plays. Some games like Doom, Goldeneye and others I mentioned earlier are just timeless classics. 
Yet you're still replying, which shows that you do care. I'm not on reddit for karma.
Oh boy this is fun. Looks like someone got caught red-handed and deleted the comments. :)

Pathetic.

https://imgur.com/a/Mj9xW

It's subjective as I said before like anything else really. I think the most important aspect of Goldeneye/PD that I like the best has to be how fluid the game still plays. And the fact that multiplayer still holds up is just a testament to how much ahead the game was tbh. 
You know what I'm talking about. Here's a tip, if you're going to use a different account to make it seem like someone else is replying, try using different sentence/grammar structures and smiley faces other than what you usually use.

It's downright funny to see how you play it off stupidly. It's even more comical. 

In any case, another game that's older than MOH: Airborne that still impresses me to this day has to be Quake 2. Multiplayer still kicks so much ass and that Railgun is one of the best weapons ever made as well.

Right. That's why you're still here replying to me using 2 different accounts. You have issues. 

In any case, the game to this day plays very well even despite the fact that it's dated. I'm actually quite impressed by it honestly. How will it play 10 years from now on? Probably the same for me since I grew up playing but to new gamers who will be used to newer controller scheme (if we'll even have physical controllers at that point), probably not too well for them.
You: "I DONT LIKE IT SO YOU SHOULDNT LIKE IT TOO" mentality is getting old. Try to change up your approach. Open up your mind and enjoy. Your argument is not very convincing and I stick to my points. 
Nice same fagging. Looks like someone needs to get a life
Well. You think I'm wrong, but I understand and accept both sides so it's all equal here. In any case, I need to get back to work. One tip I can give you is that try to add something interesting to the conversation yeah? Instead of throwing tantrums like a child. That should make your life a bit more interesting. 
And you're here because you're mad like a child. I understand and accept you. 
Seems like you have nothing valuable to add to this conversation. In any case, there are all types of gamers enjoying many different types of games. Whether it be old or new, I think it's fascinating how this gaming community has evolved as well. 

For instance, we have gamers like you who seem to have trouble accepting the reality that there are people who enjoy playing these old games that aged like fine wine.




Time change people change. For those who enjoy COD and doom, they will enjoy playing COD'ified Doom. For those who enjoy old games just the way they are, they will enjoy playing vanilla Doom just as I do. 

What's even more interesting is that there are active multiplayer servers for those games to this day. The good ol' deathmatch is still alive and kickin' :)
Actually there are mods that do work on Xbox One. Take Fallout 4 for example. Also you don't need mods to improve older games. It's just fascinating how people still make mods for them that improve on the great original formula.
Which goes back to my main point. Some of the games older than MOH: Airborne are still great considering there are still mods being made that improves on the original formula. You have anything interesting to add?
Indeed. As I was saying, there are many mods available for Doom1/2 and Duke Nukem 3D. I think one of my favorite mods has to be Brutal Doom. There are some others out there that tries to "COD"ify Doom as well that's right up your alley. It's impressive how these old games' communities are still active to this day. Really speaks volumes on how they test the stand of time.
Now resorting to name calling. Seems like now you're having trouble with reading comprehension as well. Can't help you there. Maybe take english 101 class online?
No one else is responding to our recent comments. My comments are directed to you as yours are to me. Are you feeling okay?
No one is reading but you. Now it seems like you're having trouble assessing your situation as well. 
Seems like you're talking about yourself at this point. Should go see a therapist about that. In any case, Halo 1, Goldeneye, and PD are really great games that still play well to this day. I still play Doom 1/2 and Duke Nukem 3D from time to time as well. And there are many reasons why people are still making mods for those 2 games today as well. 
You should probably go see a therapist about your problem. Can't help you there. Again. I still enjoy playing them and I think they still play well in comparison to some good modern FPS games. Hell, even Halo 1 still plays well.
Gravity wins 
Yep. I called it: https://www.reddit.com/r/Ice_Poseidon/comments/7325fm/guess_how_long_until_everyone_turns_against/

Took longer than 3 days however. I'm impressed!
They play well to me still to this day. I don't know what else to tell ya other than I still enjoy playing it. From my end, it seems like you have a problem accepting others' opinions and views that contradict your own. 

Good luck with that bud.
I still enjoy playing them. They still play very well today. If you have a problem with what I'm saying then that's your problem. 
It plays fine for me. Still enjoy playing them very much. 
Feels pretty smooth imho. 
Oh and not to mention Halo 1. That game still plays so well. 
They aged well like fine wine. 
It was pretty much my first console FPS I ever played and got used to the control scheme pretty quickly back in the day. It still plays just like it did back then to me and I can control it pretty well.
Yep. For nostalgia sake I tend to play old games from time to time. 
Yep. I still enjoy playing them. 
Does for me. Just played it past weekend. 
Goldeneye/Perfect Dark still plays pretty well.
I reckon the latency is pretty high considering demonstrator is moving very slow
Yep that seems like to be the future of VR. Unplugged from the expensive hardware. No more wires. 

Just the goggles and wireless controllers.

This game is insane. That is all.
No. 
Yet the price is going up. Sometimes you have to admit that btc's logic is not true.


What optic are you using on her?
Drugs are bad mmmkay
Or buy moar
They look like hearing aids. This is what most other companies just dont get that Apple does. This is not a good Airpods competitor
Can't run forever Johnny.
CriHard shirt please. It's past of point of no return so anything "Alpha" shit is just laughable. 
I'm just enjoying this whole drama with a side of popcorn. I can foresee that the fallout will be historic like a titanic sinking. 
I moved onto using Bluetooth headsets so I barely use my headphone jack on my 6S+. Have had enough of those god damn wires. 

Not happening. 
Some people really do and don't mind reliving that. As a paramedic you're expected to see some fucked up shit and sometimes should be excited for it. Same with cops. I spoke with swat officers and they talked to me about fucked up shit excitedly. Believe it or not, some people live for this.
Still doesn't mean he's not capable of making low IQ posts. 
You can't make this shit up CX
HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA
Thank you! Instead of copying already established services, make way for them and provide your customers what they want.

And next, please get rid of that god awful Mixer and put Twitch on the front page for god sake.
I doubt it. There have been many incomplete games released to the market with Day 1 patches that didn't do anything to help fix the problems. 
He's boring to watch. No thanks.
$11k really isn't enough the way he's living. His rent is $3000 ok assuming and food there is crazy expensive.

He either should save up more money or move to a cheaper area to live in. 
Drugs are bad mmmkay
And Semi trucks for highway updates.

Uber/taxis for street updates

Garbage trucks for residential street updates 
First thing I did when I got to college was to buy GameCube with Metroid Prime with my allowance money when hurricane was about to hit... instead of buying emergency items and food.

Good times.
Ttyl Reddit is full of depressed people.
Yep my frame rate is normal. 
I can. At least at the velocity I'm moving. 

The problem is I get the latency even with handling pistol. It's ridiculous and they need to disable this crap. 
I use it daily on mine. 1 handed phone use ftw 
Remember when everyone complained about yellow iPhone screens? Well, Apple officially made it a feature now so nobody can complain about it.

They're genius. 
Inb4 downgrades 
Just... why??
What.
Good.
Talk about a thread hijack
Breakdown
Get new friends
Important to you, but not important to her. Should look for friendship elsewhere and stop wasting your time with that person.
Just for the record, this still doesn't mean you should go out and eat crap food and drink alcohol until you black out just because you fall under this group of people who gets the benefit. 
Or just pick up a used 360 off of ebay/craigslist for $50.
Pretty fucking cool concept. I'm in!
I'm one of the 40%... 40% of the times.
X has larger screen than Plus 
X if you can actually get your hands on one. Website is going to crash I can guarantee it.
I try to stay on the original iOS that came with the phone and do factory reset once in awhile. It's well known by now that every time Apple releases a new iOS, the newest devices always get the priorities when it comes to performance and optimization.


Bigger notch coming up
https://imgur.com/a/fUaj0

Me toot hanks
Said no one ever.
I own the game. And no. That's not a planning stage compare to aforementioned games. 
I wouldn't, because there's no planning stage like found in the other 2 games aforementioned. 
I remember seeing this game on brand new computers in stores where they were showing off capabilities of Pentium MMX technology. 


Whole different game compare to SWAT4 and Rainbow Six 3.
I wouldn't get my hopes up too much it's made by only 3 people. 

The problem is that tactical FPS's aren't being looked at seriously by publishers.
Where's the selfie cam?
You're given 2 choices: A bad one and a worse one. Pick your poison.
My God you described it better than I did.
Watching any full screen video on iPhone X would be just like this, but worse. Because you can't fucking get rid of whatever's blocking the screen.
Same! Because I would imagine watching any videos full screen on iPhone X will be highly annoying with that thing sticking out covering the god damn screen.

I'm 100% sure Apple will stick to your design for the next iteration. It's just a better design. 
I love that guy. While everyone tells him to fear it, he shows the world that there's nothing to fear.
Not familiar with that. Why is it advantageous to use perl in this case?
That's a lot of "if then" lines of code written by underpaid basement dwelling programmers. 
Throw it out your window and get yourself a PS4. 
How well would that person bat though?
Where can i watch the whole vod?
**Overwatch** - already did skip work for this when I got burnt out. Got a pack of beer. Ordered a large pizza. Played this game all day long.

**Forza Horizon 3** - I skipped hanging out with my friends on my birthday for this game. Intro to this game is just so fucking good it captivated me from then on. They nailed the atmosphere so fucking well that I wanted to be in that world more than I wanted to be in mine.

**Halo 5 Multiplayer** - This I remember playing a fuck ton when I got sick during winter. 343 fucking nailed it. 
Genius. Sell 1 Million of these expansion packs, they gain $10,000 over PS4 version. 
Well it's super effective I'll tell you that much. 
His arms are that of a 12 year old.

I like to look at this picture to motivate myself to lift weights whenever I'm free.
Just do it today.

That's all it takes. Really.
Chargers aren't essentials.
Fake Convo
More than 0.33% of my networth. That's why I find this utterly laughable.
That's it?

His net worth is $60million. $200,000 is 0.33% of that. 

That's like saying a physician whose networth is $500k donates $1,650.  
Best place to have a beer and take a nap. 
Are you on crack?
Why so small? It's like MS is ashamed to have that title that's Xbox One X enhanced. 

They need to redesign the case or make the notification big and well known that this motherfucking game is Xbox One X enhanced.
._.
You dug deep enough to find it and left a comment. Here's another cookie
A couple of dindu nuffins shot people due to bad blood
Go read his original manuscript.
Satoshi doesn't support BitCore's vision, sadly. 
You actually dug deep enough to find this old thread and replied. Congrats. Here's a cookie. 
Exercise/Endorphins for me