Not to mention he's trying to hire 4-5 part-time mechanics, as opposed to full-time ones. Apparently it's surprising that a stable government job with salaries and benefits beats his crappy gigs. He sounds like a terrible employer.
I would hope he's eating some higher quality ice cream than Haagen Dazs
... you know how to make a jav doll? Good for you? Maybe you should've put some time into learn how to code instead
If you had a friend, you wouldn't be here begging for one, and you would know what friends are in the first place
Lol, looking for a "friend" to give you free shit, aren't you just an angel
A Dodge Ram 1500 Big Horn Edition with extra big wheels 

Just a wild guess
Really? You find it uncomfortable to discuss it with family? I guess I don't really have extended family so maybe you're talking about them, but my immediate family are the people I feel most comfortable discussing my salary with.
I think my MLA is the first politician to not respond to my email. City councilors, past MLAs, MPs, no problem. But a Conservative MLA? Nope, too busy to even acknowledge it.
Maybe some people don't care about assymetric balance as you do, or they just don't care much about how the game is balanced at all. Chill out.
I don't remember the specifics, but he has to transfer to a Korean club, then get loaned out to a military club team to be able to continue to play during his training before a certain age, or else he has to serve a full 2-year traditional thing.
Detroit
36계!
Jumping in there to save her would've been just as idiotic as saying  "someone should go save her".
B-b-but they're oppressing us white males
Is the price same online and in-store for the executive chair?
Relatively, I guess. It's why you wanna share your ladder rank when looking for people to team up with. Don't wanna accidentally team yourself up with someone too much better or too much worse.
14-16, or ladder 100-300 ish
your rank or ladder rank
He's gone in a month, and I don't see him stepping up to the point where he's gonna make a difference in the relegation battle.
you shared everything but the most important detail
Uh, nope. Google it.
Unions do a lot more than looking out for members' interests.
> ... although having technical skills really help you **excel** in your roles.

Haha, good one.

Thanks for sharing your experience. Do you think you'll end up with a full-time position at one of the companies you had an internship at?
So... like, Excel? Tableau? I understand the "role" BTM students play, but I don't understand what you guys actually do.
What is it exactly that you do, or did at either of the internships? I've heard the BTM spiel about how "you link IT and business together", and I still don't understand it. Sounds like a glorified administrative clerk to me.
Pay your bills on time, maybe open up a basic no-fee credit card and pay it off every month, and don't sweat it. It's really not that big of a deal, and there's nothing you can do right now to significantly raise the score. Don't stress out about it, and just be good. It'll start climbing eventually.
It's working too, I kinda wanna cop that jean jacket
Jackson nerf is bullshit, USF late game is fucked again.
Oh my god, cut the guy some fucking slack. Yeah he fucked up, he didn't see it coming. It happens. Good for you genius, you totally would not have been a victim. What a cunt.
Yeah sure.
It's pretty much an intro to business program. You can transfer over to Asper when you're done. The diploma is what you make of it. If you have experience in an industry, it can be a good supplement to land you an administrative role. Fresh outta high school with no real experience, you can still land a decent job if you're really motivated, but I would imagine the co-op program at Asper would be the better option.

Personally, I've had a miserable time in this program. Some of the students and instructors are just trash. The networking events have done nothing for most people I know, and people who've landed jobs did it the traditional way. You'll often get those crappy insurance selling jobs offered to you through those "networking events". The job I got, which I'm very happy with, was through my own efforts. 

I'll answer any questions.
Why don't you just fuck off if you're not gonna read it? If you can't even understand the context in which this article is shared (protests, not cities), then just walk the fuck away. If you're so entitled that you can't figure out what is being said without having a specific section spoonfed to you, then you clearly aren't capable of discussing anything of importance.

TLDR: fuck off
Again, if you had even opened the article, it's very fucking clear where you should read. It's even formatted easily for challenged folks such as yourself to be able to understand.
I'm just glad I'm not as dumb as you
Did you even read it?
I, for one, appreciate the point you're trying to make.

https://www.huffingtonpost.ca/entry/black-lives-matter-protest-complaints_n_7071788 
Along with the other comment, it looks like a pretty small place, so that's probably also playing into the price.
800-900$ will get you an okay place, it probably won't be luxury
maybe it would help him have even more empty slots available in the near future, considering he has four openings for tomorrow
lol $45 for a fucking haircut
Yeah, I plan on doing that. This was for my freezer, though.
This was the one Manitoba-made product that I really thought was a step above anything I've tried in its category, and continued to go back for. Very sad about this. RIP, greatest vanilla ice cream ever. Gonna hit up some stores tonight.
That's the best news I've heard this year so far. We need a dedicated ramen joint here

edit: Everyone commenting existing restaurants serving ramen, I've already tried them. They're below average.
This one is particularly terrible
Okay no, you guys are taking this too far. When you buy a new car, you're not just paying for the physical car itself, you're paying for the entire purchasing and ownership package. Genesis owners having to go sit at Hyundai's relatively crappy service centers to get their oil changed is legitimately considered a downside compared to other competing brands. It is completely reasonable that someone looking to spend $40-50k+ on a luxury car not want to go to a Hyundai dealership over other, nicer dealerships.
It's not that bad, it's just the back that has a clear fuck up, and it's an easy fix.
that's some terrible defending
Oh no, internet points, what will I do.
Before you deleted what you said, you were in the negatives. After you made me the "bully", it changed. Hey, at least I don't have to drive TappCar and deliver Skip to make money. Have fun :)
I'm not hijacking anything. If you want to edit out your unpopular opinion regarding tips, then you can also go ahead and delete your comments regarding it. You know, *actually* move on from the issue, instead of blaming me for it. You said something stupid, I called you out, and now you're playing victim.
Yes, please weigh into a situation where you do not have all of the necessary information, because who cares? How are you a mod?
You deleted the blurb you wrote, but you didn't write "please consider tipping me if I provide good service", you wrote "tip your drivers, please tip your drivers". Funny how you just conveniently deleted what you wrote and spun it around to sound like you've done nothing wrong
Can't stand how dramatic he is, just has to throw a huge fit of emotions after every time he loses the ball.
I swear every time some service person comes on here and demands/begs/asks that they be tipped, I feel more inclined to not do it. Provide good service, and I'll tip if I feel like it. Don't tell people they need to tip, and don't pretend you care about lower wait times and more drivers on the road.
well you're not gonna get invited with grammar like that
The map with the church in the middle that got revamped recently, the north spawn still sucks
It's like you tried to be funny, but you're just not
Sounds like an awful deal, I would try to get in touch with the dealership and pretty much pester them until they agreed to cancel the whole thing. 
This guy does not agriculture
They said up to six to eight weeks, so fingers crossed. I need parking for four more weeks.
He's not saying it's not an attack ad, he's moreso just pointing out how weak the attacks are.
[All I know is that whoever is behind it needs to work on their punctuation](https://i.imgur.com/KIiLo1d.png)
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
Often times, people will just buy the ticket in support of the couple/occasion, not because they actually want to attend the social. Also, I don't think anyone attends tickets specifically for prizes, they're just more of a way to make more money out of the attendees. Food at socials is usually not great, because the whole point is to make money, and you don't make money by spending $$$ on food.

It's really nothing like inviting someone to a show or a concert. It's a "fundraising" if you put it nicely, and "begging" if you put it bluntly. I just want to make sure you're not misunderstanding what socials are, because you sound a bit confused.
I mean, you pretty much are begging for money when you start going outside of your core social group. You gotta hit a good balance of guilt-tripping and begging (aka being persistent).
An IMEI check before buying a used phone is **NOT** a guarantee that the phone is clean. Whoever sold you the phone (or whoever the owner is) could report the phone stolen a few hours, or a few weeks after the sale.
That was my favourite American commentating that I've ever heard. Sounded genuine and fun.
I still don't miss him, selling him wasn't a mistake
I'm embarrassed that someone living in a city is so naive to the point where they think it's embarrassing to have sketchy areas
Saskatchewan.
Pretty much, yeah. I'd go to Farmer's Markets over our version of Whole Foods (in Canada), but I'd rather just go to normal grocery stores over either of them. Not only are the prices just crazy at Farmers Markets, I didn't really enjoy interacting with people selling the produce, such as how they stare you down while you look around.
Says you, it's not the case where I live. Literally at least double the prices of supermarkets.
For one of those guys, there's probably three taking the bus or walking to whereever they're going. All of them being millionaires are an overexaggeration, and all of them being from families breaking their backs back in their home country is also an exaggeration. 
Because everything's ridiculously expensive
A guy who got charged with insider trading in Toronto lol
All she can do is try contacting Employment Standards Manitoba (unless she has a bunch of money to burn on an employment lawyer).

EDIT: To add, I'd cut out the whole bit about nepotism and whatever shady stuff you see happening. Not even sure if they do deal with this kind of stuff, but it can't hurt to try.
Was she on the payroll there, as in, was she a legit employee? Just file an employment standards complaint and see how it goes, because it's constructive dismissal.
Corporate, not even close. Stability and procedures are very important.
I hate you
oh boy, a brand new account selling a brand new iPhone, what could possibly go wrong
I went to Steinbach (Clearspring Animal Hospital) , and the savings were minimal, and it was not worth it considering the gas and time it took to get there. Just stick to Winnipeg and area, don't drive more than 30 mins for a vet.
Again, you're just blindly taking one side. When there was an article posted about stronger penalties for distracted driving, the majority agreed strongly and denounced it. When we're talking about police officers hiding near school zones during holidays to catch people going 5 over 30, we call that unreasonable. No one has said motorists should hit pedestrians, or that motorists should be careless. What you're trying to do here is pull off a [strawman](https://yourlogicalfallacyis.com/strawman), defined as:

> By exaggerating, misrepresenting, or just completely fabricating someone's argument, it's much easier to present your own position as being reasonable, but this kind of dishonesty serves to undermine honest rational debate.

Stop being a dumbass.
Oh look, another person turning an issue into "us versus them". How about learning to recognize that something is universally stupid, instead of making everything a partisan fight?
That's because North of Inkster is not the North End
These kinds of posts are Facebook-tier, and people don't like being pointed out that posting and upvoting these posts so they feel superior while achieving absolutely nothing is just lazy (similar to posts "calling out" bad drivers, even though there's nothing one can do about that unlike dog poop).

Honestly, people not paying attention to their dogs and accidentally not picking up after their dogs happens quite often, I see it at least once a week. So I choose to tell myself that people are just accidentally not picking up after their dogs, not intentionally. I end up telling people their dog pooped when they miss it maybe once every week or two ish, and they've always been thankful and never given me attitude.
Holy shit just call him Bellerin, who the fuck calls him Hector?
You are a true warrior
Tell people when they accidentally miss seeing their dog pooping? Go to a poop pick-up day organized by the volunteers? Literally anything that reduces the amount of poop on the ground? Do you or OP really think that this post will change the minds of those that are shitty enough to not pick up after their dog?

EDIT: Forgot to add in case I didn't make myself clear enough - why not go and actually do something about it if it bothers you so much, instead of bitching about it on reddit, which will achieve absolutely nothing? Here are more things you can do: write a letter to your city counsellor, pick up an extra piece of poop when you're picking up after your own dog, donate poop bags to the dog park. Any of these will have a bigger effect than this post.
Have you done anything about it other than doing the brave act of posting about it on reddit?
Save yourself some time by not arguing with people in /r/worldnews and take that time to fix sr
Did not know you had a reddit account, and did not now you cared so much about the geopolictical situation in Syria
> I'm not talking about that shitty Globe article.

ALALALALALA EVERYTHING THAT DISPROVES ME IS WRONG ALALALALALLALALALA I CAN'T HEAR YOU 

> Immigrants die and are replaced with new immigrants. They have children. Their children will be having children.

DAE natives are the only Canadians??
Sunday league defending right there
Hey Wheeler, fuck your face!
Why the hell is it pointless to tell a person considering moving here what the problems are? You're missing the entire point of this post. We're not discussing problems, we're simply identifying them. As a 21 yr old, he's not gonna be raising a family or anything, which is what Winnipeg is better for than Vancouver (this is an opinion). He should stay in Vancouver where the entertainment and cultural options are superior (this is a fact) for a 20 something. We're a small city, we can't compete with Vancouver on culture. There's absolutely nothing wrong with that. There's also absolutely no need to get butthurt because someone said something negative about this city, it just comes off as insecure.
Because the nightlife is not why I live here, the food is serviceable (not great, but good enough), and nature can be substituted for travelling more often. You're the one with issues if you think it's wrong for people to discuss the cons of living in this city, and instead blindly spewing bullshit to make things seem better than it is.
Everything you've said makes sense now, since it's clear you're mentally retarded.
One of the best food scenes in the country? Are you high? It's not possible for a city of this size to compete with the likes of Toronto, Vancouver, or Montreal. Winnipeg is above average for its size, nothing more.

If you think the muddy rivers and lakes, or mosquito-filled forests here are "what you make of it" compared to the Rockies (which is actually world class), then give me whatever you're on. The nature here is objectively worse than Vancouver and area.

> The city/province is what you make it.

No shit, you can say that about literally any place. We're talking about what this city/province is objectively.
I don't know, I would not agree with you. Especially for a 21 year old, Vancouver night life is much better than here, and there's just much more going on over there. Food, nature, nearby day trips, they're all comfortably better than here.
What do you like? How often do you go out? It's gonna be a downgrade for a 21 year old, the question is how much it'll be.
Obvoiusly worse than Vancouver for both night life and things to do. No one can tell you if you'd like the city without knowing anything about you.
Probably because they want to pay $30000/yr
7 years
I do, I can get three cones for the price of one at BDI, and the quality difference is not worth the price
Is this a joke? Are you serious?
you tell me, I have no idea
sounds expensive
Isn't MSc. a master's degree? Is it seriously that difficult to make $40k+ with that much education in Vancouver?
Checking out that area would be cool too if you've been to Banff a few times. Personally, I still can't get enough of it, can't wait to go back.
Banff (and area), not even close
I haven't touched my block heater(s) in years. The only argument for it at this point is that it's less harsh on your car when you start it up in extreme cold, which isn't *that* big of a deal.
you really don't need a block heater as long as you've got a solid battery and synthetic oil, both things which people should be having in their vehicles
Personally, I think the best fried chicken in Winnipeg are in Asian restaurants or grocery stores. Other fried chicken options are just not that great, and I've tried pretty much everything (bar Candy Chicken, it's too far from me).
everything is sold out already, ya boy couldn't even cop a jacket or nothing, there will be nothing left by the time it hits 90%
Yep, I guess I'll need to figure out which two (or three) categories I use the most, then find another card to put everything else on. I might just keep using the Rogers MC but as a secondary card, since it's still decent for foreign currency purchases and there's no annual fee.
we don't deserve you guys
Really? Our hydro bill hits low-$300s in the winter.
why bother studying something we have no money to even consider doing
At least we have a Welsh international again
Keep cutting useless things like this or the board for rating media that was announced earlier, and no one will complain (at least not as many).
It's hyun-day in Korean, except pretend the y in day is silent (just say day without the -ayy dragging on at the end).
So if someone were to follow your Amex train, would they just repeat the steps once they hit the end?

Is there a reason you should cancel after 6 months, then wait 6 months again? Is this the case for all of the cards in the Amex train?

Should you leave any time between applying for the cards? If so, how much?

Thanks in advance.
It's just sad to hear about such shitty practices from a local business.
There's also the CBC article about how they cancelled an interview after a candidate asked about compensation. Combine all of this with their terrible job ads ("it's not just a 9-5, it's a *lifestyle!!!*), I've stayed away from applying for any jobs there or using the service.
1.75% made it a daily for me and I didn't bother getting the Tangerine MC, but 1.25% is gonna push me into getting the Tangerine MC for sure, and maybe other options as well. 
If you're gonna say no noobs, you're gonna have to share your ladder rank
> Starting May 23, 2018
While Canadians were enjoying the summer months, the Liberals tried to sneak through a massive new tax hike that would hurt every single local business in the country.

Despite the Liberal efforts to do this quietly, Canadians noticed. And they’re not happy.

Millions of Canadians have spoken out and signed petitions. Tax experts, economists, and thousands of small business owners have condemned their plan! And rightfully so.

This is just another Liberal tax grab designed to make Canadians pay for the government’s out-of-control spending habits and legacy of deficits.

The Liberals need to stop nickel and diming Canadians[.](https://www.conservative.ca/cpc/the-liberal-t-hike-on-local-businesses/)

*I'm just spreading information to our community*
Yeah, me too...
As I said, I also advocate for it, but you're advancing your agenda of your organization that you work for. It's not your personal time that you're spending on this, you're being paid to push your views (while hiding the fact), regardless of whether it is actually beneficial to society as a whole. I am shocked that someone "using social media" on behalf of a big organization like CUPE can be so naive.
Yeah, and I am free to criticize how you haven't even made it clear you are posting this as an employee of CUPE. Social media is a tool, and some people use it inappropriately. You (and CUPE) are one of them.
I am pro-union and support pharmacare, but it's rubbing me the wrong way that someone who is working for the union is "shilling" for this online. He/she is being paid to post this.
They might pass that email around the office for a laugh. A $5000 TFSA balance is considered pretty insignificant, and you haven't been a customer for long, so they have very little reason to waive the monthly fee for you. Doesn't hurt to try I guess, but I wouldn't be surprised if you don't get a response.
No one supports unaffordable housing. Also, no major political party is opposed to immigration. No major political party has said anything about "injustices done against white people". The leftists of Canada are not on your side, and neither are the right. Hypocrites like you are hilarious, constantly whining about identity politics and yet turning around and doing the exact same thing. Sick of reading this kind of trash in this sub.
Winnipeg is a world class tourist destination going through a cultural and culinary renaissance
They should offer test kits of some sort, then, instead of asking people to report a perfectly good-looking thing of cocaine.
It's Canadian plastic monopoly money
Unless you've literally never lifted a thing before, you can get your arms to look like that in a picture through flexing, good lighting, and most importantly, photoshop
I'd rather have players fit for the team than a group of players that will leave any minute like dominoes because they're stuck in a shite team lol
It's spamming [insert infantry unit name here] and blobbing when others do it, and it's being tactical and maximizing my DPS when I do it.
Too good for Tottenham
In 2v2s (I am just realizing this thread was for 1v1s, so I'm regretting commenting from the perspective of 2v2 balance)?
Yeah, totally depends on the teacher I guess, but most can't leave the work at work. They get the summer off though, so maybe it balances out in the end.
Don't know how it works outside of MB, but here, having 20k would pretty much disqualify you from any kind of student loan.
Shouldn't be investing it though, unless you consider high interest savings accounts "investing"
I think axis factions are fine, and so are USF and UKF, but Soviets are OP (in 2v2). Just tweak their snipers and guards, and balance would be close to perfect.
These aren't very helpful without everyone's locations included
Son doesn't even look surprised, he knew this was coming
Lamela's fucking useless
Oh, yeah that makes sense. I didn't go through my school, so I hadn't considered that.
No penalties for accepting the offer then negging on it, but you'll be burning bridges. I'd accept the offer, then proceed with the interview and see how it goes. Personally, I was in the same situation, but the company I had an offer with was really small, and the company wanting to interview me was much larger. I personally didn't want to accept, then cancel it later, so I just politely refused the position and hoped for the best with the interview. It worked out, thankfully.
It's just the "Premier League", not English Premier League.
Yeah, it's definitely something I value, and I think your industry is well-known for not having a great work life balance. There are finance jobs outside of finance though (corporate jobs), and I'm sure you could land those for an improvement.
Try to tell yourself that you're in a really good spot for someone who is 25. I think even you yourself know that your CV is looking good and you could wind down and find something with better work life balance if you really wanted to. Good luck with the new job.
Doesn't sound like he's struggling
Too late for that
I'll be your friend
Smoke seems to be the reliable solution that I've seen. Flanking obviously works if you can pull it off.
Dope, yeah I think I'll just save up money for short-term expenses as well and not worry about retirement at the moment. I'll revisit this when I'm 25-ish.
it's the power of a strong early warning, people who can work from home will stay home to clear up the roads for those who absolutely need to drive
Thanks, I'll look into that. I just remembered that my MB provincial portion is actually interest-free, so I don't even have to pay that off beyond the minimum payments.
I have no idea what my earning potential will be, but I'd be happy if I can hit around $70k by the time I'm 30. I think I got pretty lucky with this $50k job. I'm thinking I'll maybe pursue some certifications since the company covers two courses per year including textbooks. Hopefully I'll be creeping into management by then (my diploma is/will be in business adminstration, so I'm not really specialized in anything).

Yeah, definitely see what you're saying. Right now, I don't even like going out since it costs so much. I'd love to be able to indulge in some cultural shit and go out for drinks more often.

Also yep, and a lot of people on here seem really focused on financial independence (or early retirement). Gotta make sure I read between the lines.
Are you preparing for retirement at all? I think I'll pretty much be doing what you're doing as well, I just don't want to be too irresponsible for the future me.
I guess, but I have a pretty modest dream for when I retire. Maybe work a very casual part-time job just to get out every now and then, live in a cozy little home/condo, drive a shitty beater (hopefully cars will really drive themselves at that point), etc. 
Yes, those are exactly the things I would like to prepare for. I feel like I have a pretty good opportunity to build up a decent fund to prepare for all of those things, but I've been uncertain with myself since reading things here kinda indoctrinates you to want to put everything into low-MER funds to retire.

Yeah, that's a fair point, but it's the number the retirement calculator created by the government gave me, and I think it's adjusted for inflation?
Yeah, I think $50k a year when I'm retired will be plenty. I'd prefer to see the world and try nice things when I'm younger versus when I'm older. Thanks for the advice
Condo fees I think
Ew, Kilma. No thanks
Smh no garage? Pleb
Lots of comments, but just gonna weigh in and say that the company I work for also has bad Glassdoor and Indeed reviews (~2.5 stars), but they've been good to me, and I have yet to see the issues stated on there myself. You really can't tell what a job's gonna be like until you're there in the office, preferably working.

But that being said, the 20% pay cut sounds awful, so I would bail because of that, but not the reviews.
Yep, I think Winnipeg/MB is financially advantageous for those that are married that want to own a home, but beyond that, MB is really not that attractive financially, even though everyone thinks cost of living is cheap here.

For those making a decent salary and not being tied down, why would you choose Winnipeg over cities like Calgary, Edmonton, Montreal, Ottawa, etc. (barring family and friends)? Even the Saskatchewan cities would be a step-up (granted, it's Saskatchewan). Personally, I'm just graduating post-secondary now, and I have a pretty great job offer, so I'm sticking around. But I can't see myself staying here for more than five years from now.

Also, they got rid of the MB Tuition Rebate, so that's another reason to not stay.
If you're a tech or skilled professional and can't land a decent job, you have issues
I don't see how rental is cheaper here, I've looked at the 1 bed apartment rent prices in different cities and there's not that much of a discrepancy. House prices are definitely cheaper, and that's about it.
He's 29 now though, it won't be an easy decision for him.
https://i.imgur.com/p3lkbfT.png

[ohhhhh yesssss](https://i.imgur.com/5KHejsm.png)
Agree to disagree, I don't think he'll be happy to go sit on a bench
He's not gonna get consistent game time there, that will be an issue
I think he'll sign if we stay up, he's pretty much guaranteed playing time here and it's not like anyone that much better will be in for him as a regular starter.
Good on ya dude, I will never understand why people hate seeing criticism for products they own. Shades of their insecurity showing through
It's how I have had my mice configured over the years.
can't say I'm a fan of the mouse, the scroll wheel sucks. I have left-middle click to go back, and right-middle click to go forward, and it constantly unintentionally triggers those two when i'm just trying to do a straight middle click. 
Yes, the best way to change people's minds are to insult them through a poorly written reddit post. Forget about the advertisements and campaigns, just get some guy to ramble on reddit! That'll do the trick, that will convince people.
How else are people who are not capable of stringing together a sentence to another person IRL gonna bitch about stupid shit?
Also either bad reading comprehension skills, or just didn't read the article
Been meaning to buy the tickets, but I really don't wanna use Ticketmaster
that was a nice press
thank fuck
you do realize we're playing a championship side and unable to score
man can't stop
not as funny for some reason
jesus christ tammy 
Have supporting infantry units nearby (not blobbing, but coordinating units together), and approach from at least two different angles. Ideally you'd have your tanks behind you to help out with any armour or blobs.

EDIT: Also, keep your distance from enemy inf units as much as you can, and use attack move at all times.
I also joke around a lot at work (office environment, I'm not in management however), and my tone changes when I'm talking about strictly work stuff versus just talking to people about other general stuff. I like to think coworkers notice that change of tone when it happens, and they know what kind of responses I'm looking for if I'm speaking to them in that tone versus a casual tone. Kind of a switch, but not that big or intentional.
I don't think you know what the word 'disaster' means
Shhhh, being born a white man is literally the worst outcome in Canada

/s
Fucking Tottenham fans always victimizing themselves, even after a win. God forbid anyone criticize your players, because no other teams have to deal with that.
take it as in.. take it up the butt?
https://i.imgur.com/kC3ePS9.png

https://www.reddit.com/r/swanseacity/comments/7z8rid/reaching_100_appearances_for_the_club_is/
Maybe it's the weather, or the culture, or who knows.
Llorente was a great poacher, and he did well for us. All Gomis did was play terrible, and whine when he didn't get game time. I don't miss him at all. Worked out for everyone
Lol not at all
He doesn't even know how to use search, there's no way he doesn't get ripped off
Yeah, makes sense, but I still don't understand why any comment talking about the pedestrian is downvoted. This sub is weird
Is it really that unlikely that two sides probably both share responsibilities in an accident? If the pedestrian had been 100% careful, this accident wouldn't have happened.
If everyone you've played with is awful, it might be you. I play 2v2 with randoms and it's entertaining, I like it.
Do I *have* to use Ticketmaster to buy these tickets?
Well said
yeah but goat stands for greatest of all times, not biggest of all times

I don't think that day is gonna come
Two of the three major parties had it as a major part of their platform, and one of them got voted in as a majority government. If that's not politically significant, I don't know what is. I frankly don't care which form of PR is implemented, any of them is an improvement over the current system.

> Trudeau overpromised, but it's not his fault

Yeah okay dude, whatever.
Shhh, you're gonna get all of us banned! IMMIGRANTS ARE RUINING THIS COUNTRY, WHITE GENOCIDE, TRUMP #1!!!!
Literally says it right there in the title and the first line of the post: 

> For those who live somewhere outside of Reddit and don't pay attention to such things just a quick heads up: Avoid /r/Canada for a while.
Intelligent discussion regarding... white nationalist /r/Canada mods? What are you exactly looking for here?
Yeah, not buying that excuse. If ER was such an impossible task, he shouldn't have gone around promising that the last election would be the last one under FPTP. Clearly many feel that the current system is not good enough, and change is required, which is why he campaigned under it. It's not like we'd be the first to implement EP either, plenty of other countries have done it, and they're doing just fine.
Electoral reform meant a lot to some of us. Turning his back on an issue like that is just something I can't forget. Everything he's said to justify his decision pisses me off even more, since it's obvious he had no intention of going through with it the moment he realized he won.

That being said, some fishy stuff going on in this sub for sure.
Just make sure you don't pull over to help in Transcona, where this incident happened
For sure, Ljubljana was more picturesque and interesting to walk around in than Zagreb, imo.
you clearly have not been outside of Winnipeg /s
Lmaooooo apparently an overpriced food court is considered world class
That's just naive, the guy wouldn't have had a shot in hell with her if he weren't a millionaire.
Oh yeah, I was there when this happened. Afterwards, all of his buddies proceeded to give him high fives, then the owner of the establishment showed up out of nowhere, gave him a crisp $50 bill, and congratulated him on the sick burn.
The roommate would literally have to be a room-mate, as in living in the same room together.
Not to the extent that the commenter was implying to, though.
Blaming immigrants entirely for stagnant wages is pretty hilarious
This is a new video, the older one was just the exhaust sounds.
I couldn't get into the base game, but this new expansion really improved things for me. I am weird with Civ though I guess, as soon as the new iteration comes out, I never touch the older ones. Been that way since I started in Civ 3.
I can't agree with that, especially with the new expansion pack adding the loyalty system. I personally could not play Civ 5 at this point.
Not gonna need 144Hz for a PS4, someone correct me if I'm wrong
Each iteration is a big improvement on the past release. I personally could not go back to an older title after playing the new one. If you've never played Civ before, and you're tight on cash or are waiting for a sale, then you should try Civ4 out. Otherwise, I'd recommend you go straight to Civ6+expansion.
It's pretty entertaining to watch as someone who does not follow any of the Winter Olympic sports, so that's probably why
you should stop reading Naver comments
I am so sorry (no /s)
I just realized you were just joking about the spelling of Ljubljana.
Maybe if they lose Alderweireld 
I've never seen a plan cover over $500
Easiest way of spotting Koreans at beaches around the world
Bratislava is Slovakia, Ljubljana is the capital of Slovenia
In his mind they're probably the same because they're both black, strong, and tall
Put em on a bus to Vancouver
If I could only afford through $250/month, I'd go to a bank, get a loan of around $5000, and buy a reliable beater. Really don't think you should be going to dealers with that little per month, they'll stretch you out over 8 years.
They're probably doing much more important work of educating children compared to whatever you do
I'm saying I'd rather see them build on CoH2 than try something new and fail
They better not fuck CoH3 up in a similar manner, all it needs to be is an improvement like from vCoH to CoH2, maybe not even that major
The commander with ISU152 + guards. I don't remember if it comes with the bombing run or the strafe, but they're both very useful.
hell no
I don't like it because it's Chinese
After reading the article, I dislike everyone quoted in the article, maybe except the guy who said "we're dealing here with a complex issue, and it has moral implications. You can't manage things like that with a tweet."
I don't think the original comment was criticizing the Trudeau government. He was just pointing out that things like this take a long time. At least that's what it sounded like to me
Winnipeggers have no idea how overexaggerated the big temperature numbers are here. -20C with - 30C windchill is completely tolerable in Winnipeg. Meanwhile, a wet -10C somewhere else can feel just as cold if not worse. The cold is really not that bad here.
I don't think you're taking context into account. In this case, government is just talking about all government-related parties involved in the bureaucracy of getting this through.
I notice it's often couples that have a difficult time finding or maintaining friendships, for those in their 20s at least.
The senate *is* the government
Raising taxes would directly go against one of the advantages of living in Winnipeg: the low(er) cost of living, which is pretty much the only reason people come/stay here. The other guy responding to you saying "hurr durr reduce bureaucratic waste" isn't providing any decent ideas either.

Point is, we're a bit fucked.
you PC bro?
A football sub talks about recent controversial events in soccer, what a shocker
I know what you're saying, but you haven't addressed the main question: where's the money coming from? Transit's funding has been cut, and it's gonna cost more money than what they guessed in 2010. We're living in a broke city inside a broke province.
Read the article, dumbass
I swear people just talk without even thinking about what things mean, do you understand why transit fare is as high as it is? Where is the money gonna come from if we wanna lower the fare price? Does it come out of your ass? Is there an oil reserve under your house that the rest of us don't know about? Do you really think it would be cheaper to lower fare costs in hopes that jackasses will suddenly decide to pay because it's cheaper, not to mention the lost revenue from all of the regular people who pay their full fares?
But Soviets have their own Stug, the mighty SU76. I swear the SU76 is overpowered, I always just go one or two of them with a heavy call-in for my armour composition. They're more nimble, they dish out pretty decent damage, and they have the barrage.
Tottenham don't deserve him
we played a back three with shitty wingbacks and we did fine, it's not really just the back three that  can be blamed
who pissed in your cereal?
For sure, not even close
Plugging our Discord server: https://www.reddit.com/r/swanseacity/comments/6azecp/swansea_city_afc_discord_server_come_join_us/
I don't think anyone in the team is able to carry the ball from the midfield and put in a sharp pass like that other than Ki
sloppy defending

0-1 Vardy btw
If he ever does start performing, he's going back to Bayern. The kid thought he should go to PSG, United, or Chelsea over other clubs, it's not like he's gonna be interested in staying here. I can't say I care that much about seeing him succeed here, I'd rather see our other players do well.
Is it hard playing with a controller? I only know how to use the keyboard
first time i've seen him genuinely happy for that long
[RELEASE THE MEMES](https://www.reddit.com/r/swanseacity/comments/7rc6cp/meme_i_needed_to_get_this_in_before_we_actually/dsvuqrj/)
Gotta love how we are doing everything in the last few hours
maybe stick Andre Ayew at RB
where'd you check out?
I wonder why they don't just come to /r/Canada
Carvalhal, what a coach. The tactics were spot on today - the pressing, defensive lines, counterattacks, all absolutely perfect.
Amazing how a coach can transform a team
Personally, it's not a penalty for me, it's one of those 50/50 cases that depends on how the ref wants to call it
Both
The what?
Fucking Naughton
Have you considered contacting the CBC, or perhaps the Human Rights Commission?
I wish they were rapping about something other than "Narcos" on Narcos
Wish we would've just sold him, a loan seems pointless.
:( please give her my regards, she will be missed
What happened to Becky
They might not be the lesbians you're thinking of
Yep, same here
Asians don't care, and more importantly, this leads to white people not caring either. There's literally a dude in my town who goes by "chink the barber"

I am generalizing, obviously some Asians do care, but not enough do.
Winnipeg isn't all that bad, it's a lot worse in places like Steinbach though
you're kinda proving his point
Depends on how you define better. It's cheaper. Smaller (advantage in some situations). Less traffic.
Replace Deadz with All Ass and that's the list for me
Probably gonna be difficult sell if you just say "some behavioural issues"
I mean, considering you made an account just to advertise your dog, you might as well try Kijiji. How come the WHS want to euthanize the dog?
Take two or three tracks out and it's perfect. Iconic album
going outside is so 2017
Would really appreciate it if people could either alter the titles little bit or include a short description in the bottom instead of just straight up posting these clickbait articles

EDIT: Reports in Spain have suggested a deal is imminent, but it is understood no agreement has been reached and Swansea are adamant the 28-year-old will not be going anywhere unless a better offer is received.

It is believed the size of the loan fee and the percentage of the player's wages that Swansea would continue to pay during a stint in Spain are among the stumbling blocks as well as the question over whether the deal would include an option to buy Mesa in the summer.
They just replaced mine, got the replacement today. Didn't even have to return the old one. Great customer service.
T      H      I      C      C

H

I

C

C
I thought it was just me. My old 2013 Hyundai Genesis did this and 2016 Santa Fe does the same thing. I like to glide to a stop, and it always feels like the brakes are randomly being applied even though my foot's not pressing down on anything.
Can't believe that Jackson almost got away with a sliver of health, axis are so underpowered /s
You're only on 10 USD, I'm about to be out 40 USD as early as March/April ish, if that cheers you up
I read it somewhere ^ha ^ha ^get ^it either here or on Discord
Meh, it'd be an expensive loan, can't be worse than the Sanches deal. In Huw's mind, if this guy can keep us up, 120k a week for 4-5 months isn't too bad.
It's kind of obvious if you've been around here for a while
Political intellectual debates aren't a thing imo, no one's interested in "changing sides", so it just delves into a shit throwing fest (I'm not innocent here). Unless it's an actual debate with a moderator and everything (think Intellectual Squared), it's not a debate. Go read other views if you want to actually consider opposing views, not challenging everyone in sight that doesn't agree with you
You find subs dedicated to fitness and women displeasing... Hmm...
Ahahahaaaaa yeah you do, didn't even know Liverpool got knocked out
I can't see what it says, it's deleted
[That's fake news, he has been distancing himself from this sub](https://i.imgur.com/kU83myd.png)
That was another really good enjoyable read
S/O to question_omnia and WPG_news also being banned, praise the mods

EDIT: they got banned because they broke rule 0: don't be a cunt
Personally I either go to The Bay or Winners if I want to shop in-person. RW&CO can have decent prices too (on the clearance stuff), but men's selection was pretty limited at Kenaston.
The San Jose shit-talk thing was interesting for 24 hours max, it's pathetic how long people have cared about this
too much autotune Quavo makes me feel sick
I mean, we all knew this was gonna happen
ez no re
AHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA WHAT A MISS
i'm already on standby at /r/soccer, dis gon be goooooooood
They're surrounded by Liverpool players when they unexpectedly get he ball, it's not an easy task to make the perfect touch
psychic
Honestly think some dudes overthink it, the main downside of a smaller dick is definitely the shorter list of things you can try, but not much else than that (unless we're talking extreme cases). Insecurity is unattractive, fellas
I mean, some of your complaints are completely valid, but the occasional corrupt bureaucrat (or corruption) is gonna be found now and then in every city. Lack of transparency isn't exclusive to here either.
That's the policy for all optometrists, and Costco's lens fitting is actually free.
YMCA on St Marys and Fermor
take many pictures and share 
She can express emotions that most humans just can't
lmao
Not really, it's just that a healthy chunk of the anti-immigration crowd are actually pro-Trump, islamaphobic, racist, etc. people, which makes centrists or other groups of people uncomfortable in taking other 'not pro-immigration' stances. You rambling on about how we're gonna collapse as a country, and be annexed by China and the US isn't helping either.
Yeah, I went in to a Robin's for the first time a few years back, ordered a breakfast sandwich, and I saw them take a foiled-up blurb of a breakfast sandwich, microwave it, and hand it to me. Haven't gone back since
Players we want - LARGE GAP - Players willing to join us
1v1s make me too nervous, 2v2s give me more room to make mistakes and pull off nice flanking moves (top 500 ish for 2v2 factions)
Pretty much Jefferson Montero 2.0 then
Someone should start investing in some Ayew brother memes, it might take off pretty soon
Migos ain't going broke, their entire thing is just a show
I'll never forget the great season we had under Garry Monk. I don't care how it ended, or how our style got destroyed, or whatever. It just felt nice.
What a terrible, selfish question.
fucking whites man, they need to learn how to drive
Yes, we should also tip people who work at call centres because apparently we are compensating people based on the amount of shit they have to put up with.
Your opinion is bad
Kinda weak to compare women getting stared at in gyms by creepy gym bros to old men being uncomfortable sharing common space with the opposite gender
As long as they're doing well, they really shouldn't change their policies. People have the right to complain, and when society gets to the point where this policy would be considered unacceptable by the majority of people, they would have to change their policy to survive.
If you think about it, the nature of the complaints are different. At least women-only places have a reason for doing it, such as "to protect a disadvantaged group" or because women don't feel as comfortable. What reason does this squash club have, other than it being a century-old rule?

> You don't see these people also complaining about "women-only facilities", only the "men-only facilities".

Oh, so just like some of the commenters here, who complain about women-only facilities, but are happy to defend men-only facilities?
https://yourlogicalfallacyis.com/strawman
ITT: people who haven't read the article. The Squash Club doesn't let women join without their husband, what kind of antiquated policy is that? As for the men's rights people going "b-b-b-but whuddubout women-only facilities", they're two separate issues. If you're so bothered by women-only facilities, you should be equally bothered by these men-only facilities.
Says who? The people locked up in labour camps in similar if not worse conditions than concentration camps during WW2, visible by satellite photos, and escapees confirming that the government locks up anyone with a hint of dissent.

Let's turn the question on to you, who the fuck says that the authoritarian government of North Korea was chosen and supported by its people?
Because they didn't choose it, jackass.
I wasn't just listing off random cities I've had Korean in, those are the somewhat close and comparable cities to Winnipeg. If you think whatever food is in that Sushi place is comparable to Toronto, you're nuts. It's not possible for a sushi place with a small Korean menu on the side to have food comparable to kitchens actually dedicated to Korean food. Good Korean food is time consuming, not something you can do on the side.
Yeah, it's probably because a lot of their clientele don't really want/ask for tea
short answer: no

long answer: there was a thread where we already discussed this, there is no good Korean food in Winnipeg. I've had some decent ones in Calgary, Vancouver, and Toronto. Some in Minneapolis too. Everything here is trash. I recommend Vietnamese for Winnipeg
Shocking
Respect for the cool responses
~~I'll sell you mine if you pay double whatever it retails for at the nearest retailer~~

Scratch that, it's discontinued, I'm keeping it
Look, what he did is wrong, but if you think what he received is a massive bribe, then you might be even more naive than you've already proven to be
Yep that's true, they won't let you make a constitutional challenge (not really sure what the proper terms are) right at the hearing if you just bring it up then.
How is it his fault that he got a court date 25 months after the date of the offense? He has a constitutional right to a reasonably quick trial, and as long as the court system has such a ridiculous backlog, he has a right to challenge his ticket.

Of course you feel it needs to be fixed. Everyone does. Except this backlog has been around for a while now, and it still hasn't been fixed. Until then, people who are willing to spend their time challenging it in this fashion should feel free to.
This is the only place on the internet or anywhere that defends traffic tickets. All I know is that you do have to inform them (not sure how or in what manner) ahead of the court date so they can bring in someone who deals with charter-related matters, but I have no idea beyond that. Good luck
It's sickening to think that they made that documentary to sell our club to a hedge fund, and now that they have their money, they don't give a shit.
So fresh I kissed it as soon as it came out of the oven
Who wants to smell a dirty old cigarette ~~while they enjoy their dinner~~?
E N T R E P R E N E U R S
It's honestly beyond me how he has such a big following, he's not very likable or interesting
Don't let the door hit you on the way out, whiny Hans
Ugh, I fucking hate winter driving.
They would say that they have filed a complaint with the labour board.
I've heard of the place, haven't been there, but Google Maps says it's open.
Nope, this is another place, behind 88 Mart.
101B, 1855 Pembina Hwy

It used to be owned by Koreans, now the Chinese run it. Around $25/h for a small room the last time I was there.
Depends on the person I guess, but the job market, infrastructure, and culture would put Winnipeg above Tbay for most. It's not even a competition.
> "Neither ourselves nor the Trust should allow any other issue to overshadow the club’s fight to maintain its Premier League status and the upcoming transfer window."

Translation: 

> "Look, we're about to lose a ton of money if we go down, so we don't have time for your shit."
Wow, some dreadful defending in the beginning there, Nordveldt dragged us to a draw. Bony should've put that one away @2:12 from Roberts' beautiful cross.
Not sure, apparently he took a bad shot on goal from a distance, and all of our players have the gaffer a "take him off" look, and he actually did get subbed off. In response, he didn't shake hands when subbing off, and lashed out when walking down the tunnel.
I mean, it's better than Thunder Bay
This sounds like a hilarious match to watch, I'm so disappointed we can't enjoy this visually. Sanches tantrum, red card, etc.
Yes, Boston Beer Company, which is listed on the NYSE with a cap of a over 2 billion USD. Very local and special.
"give everyone money if you're not sure, they'll like it"
If it's a shitty joke, then it would be a non-issue, but it's pretentious how they're spewing shit about how they think people should always prefer craft beer and how people who want to drink a Bud light are not their customers.

> “All of our regulars have started to get better taste buds. It’s nice seeing the transition in them buying more craft and local beer instead of buying Bud.”

Annoying ass hipsters are all they are.

Not that my opinion matters, since I'm not their ideal customer (and I've never been in Brandon for more than half an hour).
It's weird, apparently the program isn't funded by the province yet or something, so the tuition for domestic students is around double what BIT is (the last time I checked). This means it's pretty much just international students taking the program, which is not a good thing. Also, for the co-op term, apparently there were only 3-4 positions for 20+ students in one of the sections.

I'm pretty sure they just made the program to milk money out of students that can't get into BIT for whatever reason.
Just don't do BTM
Jesus, that's just a sad story.
Get a new router. I thought I was having issues with Shaw until I bought a Google Wifi 3-pack. I'm now getting 150+mbps on wifi as opposed to 2-30mbps using that pos that Shaw gives you.
I think everyone knows how to play, but they don't how how to play *well*. I, for one, can't throw for shit.
Been wanting something like this, thanks.
Very convincing though, he got me
That was entertaining putting aside the bullshit offside goal
It's a goal compilation, no one is killing themselves over this. I'm just pointing out the ridiculousness of the two crappy US goals included with all of the great goals.
Two of these are not like the others
Because their upvotes are responsible for two mediocre goals being involved in a collection of absolutely fantastic and/or very important goals? He has every right to be annoyed. Those two goals should not be anywhere near a "goal of the month" compilation
Son has never in his playing career played at wing back or any sort of defensive position. He's versatile in that he plays on the left wing, and he can also occasionally play striker if necessary. You conveniently ignored the rest of the guy's comment, by the way. 
most people go short sides because they can't pull off the longer, messier look, but I think your hair can do it.
Nah man, keep it and keep growing it out. You can pull it off.
This is by far the most inconsistent and random sub in terms of voting that I visit
He doesn't seem to have a strong North Korean accent either.
I don't know why I got downvoted for explaining economics 101, and I don't really care about transit because I don't use it, but okay
Yes
Yeah, Kim spoke pretty fast without much intensity in tone or delivery. Just quietly and thoroughly recited whatever he had prepared.
Very soft spoken, I am also surprised. Doesn't sound dictator-y at all, he looks adorable speaking like that.
that one didn't have how long he was banned for in the title, even though I guess it's usually three matches, and that article has been updated now
un-private it already
generally increase in price means decrease in demand

busses are probably more inelastic than not but hey
He should obviously step down, but I still worry for the future of the clubs. Huw has been the face of this new ownership, it's clear that the owners do not give a shit about the success of this football club.
remember the name
use a temp email (google it)

He needs a new contract already
You can get this at The Source for $25 cheaper by using the email coupon
Wait what? What the fuck? We won?
I still fondly think back to that home opener vs Utd... those were the days.
As soon as I find a shitty stream that loads, we concede a goal. Never should've tried to watch the game
no one cares, no one knows who you are. welcome to the internet
I agree that the main building with the overpriced food court and the crappy shops are overrated, but the nature and the area around it is pretty nice.
Yeah, very interesting to hear him speak
Now you can just be a burden and not worry about having to pay your bills :)
Maybe it's because you're so unlikeable. I wanna wish you good luck on not becoming a burden and paying your bills, but I hope you fail and get a fresh start on your awful personality.
I'm just glad I have nothing to do with batshit crazy people like this person
shoulda kept the consignment papers
¯\_(ツ)_/¯
-25 is pretty normal for a winter here, though. Yeah it's cold, but I mean, what did you expect, it's Winnipeg.
I didn't downvote, but it might be because you compared blowing in a dog's face to rape, which might be uncomfortable for some
You were both wrong, then. You said bed bugs don't die in the cold, but apparently they do. He said all bedbugs will be dead in a few days, but that many not always be true.
What's special about this cold? Been seeing tons of social media stuff on it. I guess it's been pretty warm for the last two or three winters, but aren't these temperatures pretty standard? Surprised that an extreme cold warning was issued at all. Noteworthy cold imo is anything below -30C or -40C with wind chill imo
in the safety of your own home
I go two penals, clown car (engies with flamers), two more penals (I also upgrade two penals squads with the AT pkg around this point), SU76 (usually one, more as necessary), then ISU152. The ISU152 commander has a bombing run which is very handy.

I only play 2v2s.
You might be right, I haven't been in Korea for a long time. But regardless, I doubt OP's GF can beat Korean, Russian, or American models for looks
Tell her she has to compete with Russian women
This was fun to read as the guy who currently does cool Excel functions in the office.
8 points in 19 games, oh boy
What a crappy title, can journalists not make decent, descriptive titles anymore?
Not sure if people would've asked you since your phones are much more affordable than his phones
Laser guided anti-vehicle satchels are pretty baller. With cons, you really have to be all over your opponent, which is micro intensive. Penals can hold their ground against axis infantry. I still prefer penals to cons post-patch

Maxims are very meh, I try pretty hard to steal an MG34/42 as soon as I can. Makes life way easier
They were on an upswing, and it could've been worse. 
Should be happy with a point, CP are in form and we're not.
I'd rather have someone who can either hold on to the pall, pass the ball, or win the ball. He can't seem to do any of the three very well
Great defending from Fernandez there
I disagree, it's too predictable and his movement isn't really opening up that much space or anything
He'll get the good stuff once he deserves it
Wow Ayew really worked on his shooting
wow what a goal
More of that please
Yeah, not a red, ref?
hey look at me, I'm Naughton, and I'm fucking useless
Guwop
I got it too, but I just thought it would be better than that. At 10% I wouldn't have wasted half an hour of my time.
> On paper, this year's flu vaccine is a good match for the strain but it does not seem to be working as well as hoped. It seems to prevent the flu 10 per cent of the time, the WRHA said.

Not really as effective as you think it'd be
Are you sure you want to be invited
I don't think anyone would disagree with you in saying that the board is at more fault than Clement
Adding to the other comment, I don't think he would've been creeping around a press conference by Swansea City in the city of Swansea after being sacked if he had a sense of pride
open minded young people, and you want to treat your bf? You already know the answer
“I have had an excellent working relationship with Paul and we are all, including the owners, surprised and disappointed it hasn’t worked out this season." -Huw Jenkins

fuck off
Wouldn't recommend donating money to a small [(and sketchy?)](https://www.reddit.com/r/winnipeg/comments/78zvrr/_/doyovt5?context=1000) rescue if you don't know them very well. Any of the other recommendations would be a safer bet.
Ugh, so help me god if Leon Britton is named as the manager
Or some of you are just unnecessarily paranoid
They call em "ugly Christmas sweaters" in North America (or Canada, at least). It is definitely a thing here
Lol, no one was forced to buy this phone, and return policies exist.
I don't think you know what dark humour is. His humour is a bit offensive, and he's kind of an idiot, but it's not dark.
Yeah, just playing around with it for 30 minutes made me realize the Pixel 2 XL will just be more pleasant for the duration of its life. It's also backed by 2 yrs of Google warranty, and they're pretty generous. No brainer for me.
Clearly they need to smoke some more /s
It was a joke, I didn't think I could make it more obvious
just order from a store at /r/CanadianMOMs 
Yeah, but it's annoying. The other one would consistently not work if the conditions weren't perfect, and this new one works 90% of the time. Your call, obviously.
Weed increases your IQ by about 15% by allowing you to unlock the parts of the brain that you don't normally use
You should get it exchanged, my replacement's fingerprint sensor is much better than my initial device.
I ordered a Note 8 as a replacement because the blue shift was bugging me so much, but it ends up that the Note 8's screen isn't that much better compared to the 2XL's, so I ended up returning the Note 8. Took me a direct comparison between the two devices to realize the whole thing is overblown.
I choose both!
abruptly stop
Maybe try making sure that the target is in range (red circle) when you're using the ability? Not sure how you would be experiencing something like that
Not really. It requires you to be a certain type of person to read it like that, aka /u/Europa2016 or you.
He'll have you know he's a proud, law abiding citizen
*oh noooooo, what will we do with all of the freed wages*
It might be different over there for all I know, and I honestly do not know much about Fiats (other than some bad stories I've heard), but Dodges and Chryslers are absolutely trash in North America.
I sympathize with you, even though the Fiat in question is undeniably shit, along with all Fiat/Chrysler products.
"B-b-but mom, he did it first!!!"
Your Korean must not be very good, because it says in that article that Xi hopes the THAAD issue will be resolved by the Koreans soon, not "Xi ordered Moon to remove the THAAD."
Canada is also a large country, and one person can rarely speak for the entire nation
I've seen people get pulled over. If a cop is behind you and sees you have burnt out lights, they usually pull you over (from what I've seen).
That 0-4 was an unfair result if you ask me, doesn't sound like this one was
Was it a 0-4 like United?
Wow, almost a full strength side from them
My Pixel 2 XL is still on 8.0
Even longer nights and shittier winters? No thanks.
I think he's as ugly as he can get with his hair and his moustache, but I love him
Cash money
Not as sad as you fortunately
oh hey, it's that shy old geezer with no friends
That was hilarious
If preferential treatment to disadvantaged/minority groups is considered discrimination to you, then yes, we have. Personally I drew my conclusions about you earlier.
I feel the same way about you.
I'm saying you should call those guys and ask them if they're offering a discount based on race, and also ask if they have a preference because they feel those races are more "respectful".
Because Natives have been victims of systematic racism in Canada, and they arguably deserve preferential treatment to help them find their feet, which they're still struggling to do?
I watched the entire video before coming to the comments, thinking "there's no way anyone can defend this guy". I was very wrong
Call them, and ask them why they have listed that preference, if you're so curious.
THEY'RE HELPING A DISADVANTAGED GROUP (NATIVES WITH KIDS). How does that translate into discrimination to you? Oh wait, let me guess - it's unfair because natives aren't the only ones with children that need help?
There are settings for that in the dashboard menus. If it's not there, then I wouldn't know.
Sorry, what do you mean by 30% of their income? Do your parents still work? I'm also worrying over my parents' retirement.
It's bad but I hope you keep at it, have an upvote
So what do you think is reasonable? Just offer a flat discount to everyone? If you can't understand that they're doing it because dealerships want to attract newcomers that *need* to buy a car, then you can't be helped. Similar forms of discounts are offered to university graduates as well, do you think that's discriminatory against Canadians who haven't gone to post-secondary? 
Are you asking redditors to actually go into the links posted and read, instead of defending racism by white people?
Did you read the post? She does not want to escalate the situation, because it would put her in a worse position, and she would rather carefully figure her way out of this. Person I replied to said call the cops and get them thrown in jail. You guys are just giving shitty advice.
The point being that she probably doesn't want to have her parents arrested and thrown in jail for it.
Yeah, so abused to the point that she's stayed at their home until she finished her 4-year university degree. It's not either you do nothing or call the cops, there are options in the middle.
Lots of tourists attend matches just because it's a cool thing to do, and you could see a lot of them today when watching Utd vs City. Doesn't make them "less plastic". They literally just sit there and take pictures and videos, they don't even react to shit happening on the pitch.
I'm sorry you weren't raised properly with good parents.
She's 21, she's been put through university and expecting to graduate next year, and she has a roof over her head. They're not trying to destroy her life, they're just very religious and trying to impose what they think is best for their daughter. Is it bad? Yes, but they're hardly trying to absolutely ruin her life. Some people just want distance from their parents, they don't necessarily want hostility, you should learn how to respect that instead of telling them to have their parents arrested.
song of the year
Politicians should take notes, this is how you handle something like this. Looking at you, NDP (federal).
oh wow Tammy
Ayew should've flicked it back to Ki, he has no creativity outside of dribbling
I like to think we would've at least had a shot on target
West Brom have fucked up two clear counterattacks, I don't think even we would've messed up both of those
good substitutions
Ayew needs to learn how to fuckign shoot ffs
Seriously? He hasn't been that bad
Pretty much everyone but Bony and maybe Naughton has played pretty well so far
I laughed when he got that foul, he's just so good at getting those free kicks
Alfie in the middle, ALLLLFIEEEEEEEE
Watching Olsson, I'm just wondering how much worse this would all be if we still had Neil Taylor
I just can't help it but to love players like Mesa
Mesa has to start though, he's clearly one of the best midfielders we have. You can just tell when you see him play
That was beautiful from Mawson
Lol you are not in a position to be providing advice to anyone
I'd waste so much money if there was a decent one. I don't go to IGGI out of principle
If you got paid less than minimum wage, then you're an idiot. Don't project your retardedness onto me. Don't apologize to me, apologize to yourself for having such a shit brain lol
You're just as big of an issue as those who are against tipping and make a big deal about it. I don't care if whether someone tips or not, it's not my business. It's not a huge deal if they do, not a huge deal if they don't. Servers get paid minimum wage in Canada, they don't *need* tips, same as every other minimum wage worker in Canada. People can tip, that's also fine. It's the culture we live in, and you do whatever you're comfortable with.

No one is robbing or punishing anyone. Grow up.
Good for you
Another two for McBurnie, should've been three.
boo hoo
Americans have been jerking off themselves over a potential conflict for years now. Mark my words, it's not happening.
Switched five times and all of them sucked
I like Cardi's flow better. Lyrically there isn't a whole lot separating the two, but Cardi was more entertaining.
The new stuff just isn't as good as this stuff
out-did Nicki by a good margin here, both musically and visually
I'm more butthurt about how she looks like a Native American Disney character
Reported for racism
NAZI! CUCK!
Don't say anything until you've tried the Tropicana at Santa Ana, then come back and apologize to me for speaking blasphemy
Korean BBQ. I can't see how a decent copy of one from major cities in NA could fail here.
Yeah, 2nd gen.
Did you immigrate here with your parents when you were a kid? If so, you're probably a 1.5 gen. 1st gen is for the first generation of a family that immigrated, aka your parents if you immigrated with them.
More power to you man
He's like his brother, except with worse dribbling and much better finishing. Not much of a creator. I like him, but we need an actual #10, a good winger, or a right back before him.
It's a shitty rumour too, why would West Ham sell him back to us for half price?
For £10m, he'd be a good signing. We have more pressing areas to address, though.
Reads more like a blog post than an article
Your sarcasm sucks
Fer probably got yelled at.
Ew
There's no way a kid wrote this
Wow, 180 votes. That's impressive.
Ends up you don't even have to call. Did it over their online chat, took less than 5 mins.
Did you have to call in to get them to put it into bridge mode or whatever? Also, any recommendations on routers? My wifi internet slows down in the evenings, even though it's fine if I connect directly via ethernet cable.
He can't defend, he can't attack, he can't pass, he can't dribble. What has he done today exactly? His counterpart on the left worked his ass off efficiently, put in crosses, and got an assist.
That's harsh on Olsson, he has been and is much better than Naughton. Contributes a lot offensively
Sack Fer and Naughton
Why the fuck is Sanches taking the free kick?
Ffs shawcross, best chance of the game
#LEG~~S~~END
Fabianski has to stop giving the ball to Naughton on counters, only reason he's open is because everyone knows he won't do shit with it
Ki's been the only decent midfielder today, even before that shot
Jesus Christ what a shit cross
Lmao vdH's face when Diouf pushes him
If he stays, I guess
I think our u-23 side can handle league one, so I don't think we'll be that bad
All I can say is that I mentally prepared for this last season, so it won't be as bad if it does happen this season
We should try shifting Clucas to right back, I cant fucking stand Naughton
I wouldn't call that optimism, just confusion
I thought we were going down for sure last season too, so you never know what'll happen this season
In the last five minutes (when it popped up, so about from 40-45 mins), it was almost 8:2
Fer and Naughton can fuck off
Because not a lot of people buy $500-1000 phones outright in Canada. If there was demand, the stores would carry it
> destroyed

Two own goals in three minutes. That was a very crappy Korean side you won against, and it wasn't that one-sided.
ahaha iran, good luck
it's not like the dog ran onto portage, they were probably walking down a residential road in some suburb where there are often roads without sidewalks
*m'lady is a 10, I say!*
Wait until skeeter or whatever comes in and starts talking about how great it is
Last match against Bournemouth, he showed what he can do when he gives a shit. Against Chelsea, he didn't give a shit, and it led to a shit performance. You can never tell what you're gonna get with him until you actually watch him play on that day
Ki's so annoying to watch, it was clear he didn't give a shit today. Half assed clearances, walking around, giving away cheap possession, etc
Chelsea are just a very well-drilled side, their focus when defending is better than ours, and their goal is from being concentrated while we had a lapse
well it's going about as well as you would expect it to at Stamford Bridge
Fernandez might have to sit on the bench when he comes back if van der Hoorn keeps this up
the man's never been able to stop scoring where ever he has gone, so yes I agree
wait till you see who's coming on
interesting, thanks
can you fire smoke with the Sherman while it moves? Been a while since I played USF, but I remember it being a pain in the ass to use it. The Cromwell one is pretty simple and super useful
No way, it's way better than the Sherman one. You choose where it shoots, and continue movement. Smoke will fire at designated location as you back it up.
You sound like a person who has things figured out. You're fine.
If you read the article, it looks like the province pulled funding, so I think you're pointing the finger at the wrong person
I'm saying that people who use transit are low-income earners, and taking more money out of their pockets is unfortunate. Personally, I wouldn't mind paying additional taxes to subsidize transit even more, and I don't even take the bus. A good transit system is good for everyone, even if you don't use transit.
Yeah, because most people who take the bus just love the transit here and make a decision to leave their personal vehicles at home every morning.

Price hikes for transit sucks, $3 for such a crappy bus ride is just sad. It's gotta suck for low-income earners especially.
Mawson and vdH were absolute rocks back there, perfect defensive showing from both of them
That should've been three points, we played well enough. They showed that they cared today, and obviously three point would've been nice, but I'm still happy with what was shown on the pitch.

I would personally like to thank Ki for giving that cunt ref a good shove
this ref can absolutely go to hell, that was a clear foul + penalty
I thought he was calling the ref a twat
you gotta me fucking kidding me
He was probably just pissed at the ref in general
meh, he's doing alright, lots of fouls.
bad idea Ki
yea we definitely would've fucked up that clear chance like they just did
beautiful pass from Bony, and Ayew can't finish (again)
the corners have been pretty decent tonight
van der Hoorn with the best 15 minutes of CB performance I've seen in a long time
Everyone looks up for it, that's what matters
Sanches should be a winger or something, he can't do much outside of his dribbling
ugh Naughton is fucking useless
Ki just looks lazy, he actually does a lot of work
it's the power of science
> AVRE

> * Shells now always penetrate

> * Shells now always stun tanks

> ---

>**Command Vehicle**

>We are giving a separate vehicle-affecting aura to the command vehicle. Vehicles affected by the command aura now get the following bonuses (this doesn’t affect the infantry and team-weapon part of the aura):

>-30% reload time

>-30% cooldown

>+30% accuracy

>+15% penetration

So... no more movement speed for command vehicles, amazing vehicle buffs, and AVRE buff? This is gonna be fun.
Legend
Okay there mr "I'm old and I have no friends"
You don't even seem to know what being an introvert means (hint hint, you can Google it). Also, it looks like you suck at making friends because you're a sensitive bitch lol
Yeah you're right. I honestly don't understand how you're struggling so much, it was easy to make friends during first year, second year is a bit harder since everyone starts to have their own crowd, but still not that hard.

I know some people recommended a sports team, but that's also a hit or miss like your classes. Some teams will have people who want to do stuff outside of games and whatnot, and some people will just come, play, and leave.
Reason you have a hard time making friends is because you're shy, not because you're introverted. A lot of shy people are introverts, but not all introverts are shy.
Rogers wasted two hours of my time last night thanks to their useless live chat agents, so I called their management office, and they credited me $75 all-in for the ordeal. It really is a Canadian experience. Happens once every year or two
Really? That sucks, I thought anyone could participate.
I also go to RRC, and look, not all of us are interested in making friends. Also no offense, but I'm not really interested in hanging out with foreign students and "showing them around" either. I'm a friendly person in class, and if something clicks, then I'm happy to extend it to outside of class (I have several friends I met at RRC), but mostly I'm just interested in getting my shit done, and graduate quietly.

That being said, try the mentorship program. A lot of people are forced to do it because we get marks for it, but you might meet someone you like.
Yep. People currently working as truck drivers will most likely be able to keep their jobs until they retire. That being said, obviously trucking isn't an industry that young people should be getting into. I don't think it'll be as bad as some people are implying
Oversaturated is one word actually
You'd have to be ~~some sort of a special person~~ a Winnipegger to be swayed into buying an electric car because there's a free charging station at a store
Yeah, but why would the government subsidize that
not funny dude
> They could give business a credit for putting chargers in their parking lots. People with electric cars can charge their car while shopping or eating.

Is that really necessary? If you have an electric car and live in Winnipeg, you should be charging at home daily and have enough range to comfortably last the whole day, and for out of towners, it would make more sense to have charging stations at hotels and truck stops.
The crime/murder isn't really that bad. It's just a boring city, Manitoba's nature is subpar, and there's just not much special about this place other than the fact that everyone's in on the joke of hating Winnipeg
Yep, currently here, been here for almost a decade, it has always been shit, and it will always be shit. It's not the weather either.

Don't worry, I plan on leaving in the next five years.
Note: this is his first goal of the season, it took him 591 mins.
Pathetic.

My toxicity levels are peaking, so I'm gonna stop watching
What the fuck was that? Are you fucking kidding me?
Because early crosses that don't get past the first defender are clearly superior /s
Sanches is a level above our midfielders. Only one that can comfortably hold the ball in the midfield.
I completely disagree with missing Cork, him being here would not have changed a single thing this season. Some serious cases of revisionism going on in this sub
Probably fitness, since Fer's probably been relaxing at home for the last two weeks while Ki had to play two international matches (mostly FT) and had to fly thousands of kms
*the Swansea way*
I got matched up on the same team as Fortune and I wrongly accused him of being a scrub. I'm sorry.
He's laughing because he's just a friendly guy in general and it probably helps that he makes 100x more than that guy lol none of this bullshit cultural reasoning
I appreciate that, but you-know-who doesn't do it like you do.
then how about you guys start handing out actual bans, instead of ambiguous "shadowbanning" people? if someone breaks a rule, ban them with a notice, ban period, etc, instead of silently blocking people without even notifying them
I disagree with pretty much everything that comes from /u/JoeESP but the mods here do ban people and remove things with no reasoning pretty frequently
I guess I prefer a good story over the actual gameplay. CoH2 AI is just boring to me, so naturally I just don't enjoy the campaign. Back in CoH1 days, I didn't play multiplayer, so I enjoyed it more. RUSE and WoC had some fantastic storylines/deliveries.
Wow, Ardennes Assault as one of the best RTS campaigns ever? I think you're nuts. World in Conflict, RUSE, and CoH1 are all comfortably better if you ask me. I'd name more but it's been a while and I can't remember all of the names.

I definitely think CoH1 campaign is better than CoH2's, even after accounting for nostalgia.
You can't tell how much of a "hard worker" someone will be that well through an interview anyways, and LinkedIn is just one of the ways to see if you might be a "hard worker".

Get with the times, bucko.
[mfw i'm not in the starting xi again](https://i.imgur.com/XgQfLGI.png)
I've read it over three times, but I can't figure out what the name of the hotel is. Is it just me? I'd like to know so I can avoid using/recommending the hotel.
The problem is that Gucci cannot be topped
Was it a Dutch or Belgian company? I know some cultures there have a tendency to be pretty blunt with how they say things.
Oh, well I can't help you there unfortunately. I can't recommend a good Korean restaurant here. Some great Vietnamese and other foods here though
Honestly, I don't think you'll find a decent soup here unless you befriend a Korean friend with a Korean family that lives in Winnipeg. You can always try making it at home, it's not too complicated.

But a lot of basic Korean dishes can be made at home if you have the ingredients. Kimchi fried rice is really easy, you just chop up some kimchi, get it in a pan, then throw some rice, followed by whatever you want. Ham, bacon, butter, cheese, eggs, chopped onions, whatever ya want. The soups are a bit more complicated, but it's easy once you figure it out.
***MAAAAAAAAAWDS***
proper shit post
Then they'd have to move something over to LT... support gun or anti-tank gun?
Just do it at home. Way cheaper and more fun. There are no good options in Winnipeg.
Jesus Christ, no. Their noodles are awful, and their kitchen is absolutely disgusting.
No, there are no good Korean restaurants in Winnipeg. There was a good one in Calgary a few years back when I visited, Vancouver and Toronto obviously has some great ones, but not Winnipeg.

Kimbaek sucks, just to respond to the top comment. Saltiest (Korean) soup I've ever had.
He's not that bad if you ask me, he's very skilled and great on the ball. The part that gets me is how much we had to pay for him, if anything you should be paying us for giving him time
i'd rather hang out with 14 yr olds than to have such a giant stick up my ass
So... no one?
You're right, I had no idea.
Hey, I didn't say they're the most pleasant people around. Plenty of asshole cop stories. But at least they won't kill ya for being black during a traffic stop.
This is Canada, our cops don't really shoot people during traffic stops

EDIT: [Ends up this is Halifax Police in the US, not Canada.](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/07/31/us-police-officers-heartwarming-prank-after-pulling-motorists-ov/) whoops
Someone in their 20s wanting to date a childless person = picky

Only in Winnipeg, folks.
About wanting a mortar that doesn't have the range of an AT gun? I doubt it
It's a friendly, which is probably why the ref didn't want to card anyone, and I doubt James will be punished
According to another comment, anything that triggers it will just start the timer.
At 90 muni, it was a risk.
Well, demos are pretty much useless now. Completely disagree with that change. 3 second visible warning is ridiculous.
do you just want wings and fries (available literally everywhere in the city), or does your hipster ass absolutely require sesame seeds sprinkled on top?
They don't check. They don't care. Worst they'll do is seize the package and send you a letter saying they seized it, at which point a vendor will resend you a parcel or refund your money.
You can just order it online /r/canadianmoms, it comes straight to your door steps.
Yeah, I agree with that. It'll probably be tough though, since his supervisor already rejected the request once, but it doesn't hurt to try.
That forward reinforcement penalty going from MP hit to a time penalty is interesting. I think that's much more intuitive
Usually company policy, your direct supervisor has to approve the move in a situation like this.
No? Both are okay
I do this with my neighbour, and I think it's perfect. Just saying hello if we accidentally make eye contact. Both of us will mow all of the lawn between our houses, which is how we show our good faith. I don't do it for the neighbours to the other side, because those guys are assholes and their kids are annoying as fuck
yeah sorry, wasn't meant to sound argumentative, it just had to be stated again that it's very very stupid
It still doesn't change the fact that facial recognition is stupid, and a step backwards from fingerprint
Half up front, I'd do it.
I will bitch all summer about how people go five under or exactly at speed limit, but in the winter, that's all gone. Winter tires aren't mandatory in MB, and people should drive at speed they're comfortable with especially on the first day of real snow.
STD isn't even an original concept, it's literally just an online food delivery platform.
On my latest tank I've been averaging 14 (pure city), so you could be doing worse. I'm usually averaging 11.5 city
I think they just copy pasted someone else's work for that one, I've seen it before
Meh, I don't like it. Doesn't suit the guy
It really is. Gives you plenty of time for development and working on your own projects too, which will lead to even better future outcomes.
suck my dick
just say "who you reppin" before you do so
which would make it a non-minor accident
In a minor accident, airbags wouldn't deploy.
Probably because CBC did a thing on how useless those "special seatbelt and harnesses" are. It's not safe for pets to be in the car, period. It's just a matter of how dangerous it is, and personally, I'm well aware of the risks I'm taking and I still let my dog sit on my lap when I'm driving from time to time.
Jesus Christ that's such a dick thing to do
I just don't like bring in left or right to describe a group of idiots, but I understand where you're coming from. As far as I'm concerned, both the far left and the alt right are both racists (and idiots obviously).
Calling them far left is generous, they're just straight up racists and idiots.
So why do people attend this person's performance? Regardless of who you are or what your skin colour is, you're a scumbag if you attend anything this person does knowing that detail.
We didn't even try. It's not like we signed someone and we're realizing they're not as good as Gylfi. Can't blame the board if that were the case. The issue is that the board did not sign anyone at all.
Everyone knew Gylfi was leaving. They have no excuse for not having a replacement ready.
He never said any of the things you're quoting
most of us are white males 18-21 tyvm
I think our defense is good enough to keep us up, there are a lot of shaky looking teams this season. With a decent January, we still have a shot.
Defensively we're not there? Are you blind?
Yeah, it was already a bitch to deal with and it'll be an even bigger pain now on building heavy or narrow maps.
^he's ^just ^not ^that ^good
I like R&B and I still can't get into Frank Ocean
Snitch
IGI is pretty awful and overpriced
I tried their chicken and waffles and it was meh, but as you said the prices were reasonable enough. Tough location though
I'm calling you an idiot because you are an idiot, don't think too hard. You might hurt yourself.
I mean, clearly he's an idiot. He's saying he didn't mention race in his og comment, but he did. He said that those criminals are representing their (black) community poorly. Unless he meant Albertan, Canadian, or the local community in general, which is very unlikely.
I also think less of whites when they commit crimes, because everyone is responsible for representing their community
Your words are just worthless because you'll defend literally anything that the Cons do and attack anything the NDP does
wew the justification
Time for Spurs to go full-out cunt mode?
Time to see how versatile Clucas really is
Our transfer policy hasn't changed since he's been with us. It's been the same dreadful pattern for the last three years at least. Between the board and him, it's the board at fault.
Not much has changed since the last election when they promised a balanced budget in 2019. While I agree that deficits aren't a huge deal (as long as the spending is "responsible"), they're still breaking a promise without a good explanation, or any desire to meet the promise eventually.
Does the board not get any blame here? If the transfer window makes Clement sack-worthy, then the board needs to be hanged.
OH SHIIITTTTTTTT IT'S HAPPENING
There's no way he starts this match anyways. At best it will be a sub appearance in the 80th minute
I don't even care what you haters think, I want to see McBurnie start
fuck their bags getting smaller and smaller too, they're not even being discrete about it
Looks pretty dope
Wouldn't be surprised if he left in the winter if the current situation keeps up. I'd be very disappointed, he seems like quality.
I don't think they're underachieving
Routledge and Rangel probably
Sanches was nowhere near as bad as implied in the match thread, he should be starting over Carroll and Fer at the very least. Don't @ me
Paul didn't like us fighting over whether to take off Carroll or Sanches, so he went with a third option
At least he can hold onto the ball and actually show some ability
Take Carroll off, how are you people complaining about Sanches?
Well technically we scored so maybe I shouldn't
Literally just turned on the stream and we concede
That video was dope
Do it all in one go, don't stop unless you need to. There's only one route to take.
Not just united fans, pretty much everyone on earth
$$$$$$
Isn't everyone ranked on CoH2.org?
Especially because in Canada, we have so many resources to help out the unfortunate. Food bank, soup kitchens, shelters, etc. If you really think you're helping by giving money to panhandlers, donate your money and time at these charitable organizations.
To each his own, and I'm not saying OP should buy a new car (he shouldn't), but I'd rather drive my dream car in my twenties or my thirties over my sixties, even if it means I'll have less savings for retirement. I think I'd be perfectly happy to drive a crappy $4000 ish econobox when I'm 60+.
Cars are a hobby for a lot of people. My broke college student friend* bought a brand new Civic SI, and loved the thing. Absolutely awful financial decision though.

Edit: *
Beautiful
I refuse to do that or put an /s tag
Every time it's been me and every time it somehow backfires, one day it will not get downvoted
You can fill it out the PDF electronically and fax the whole thing over the internet
Acting like it's "ridiculous" that a 30 year coaching veteran who has twice performed miracles with underperforming squads should be given a chance is absolutely antithetical to the spirit of the game IMO.

Edit: look at the downvotes. Think about it this way. You Europeans are espousing a one dimensional, anti-intellectual approach to football, praising ignorance, ethnocentrism, acting arrogant about the world's game while an American is the one with the level head and a recognition of the value of multicultural influences in soccer taking y'all to class. Take that in, motherfuckers. You're as bad as the ignorant Americans who you claim to be better than.
Think on that. I welcome your downvotes, every single one is a validation. I literally can't get enough of them.
Especially since it's not like you'll be getting the same courier every time, unlike ordering directly from a restaurant or a pizza joint. I don't even feel guilty for not tipping Skip couriers.
Shit thing about Skip is that they don't even pay minimum wage to couriers. Along with that, they are one of those businesses that push the "start-up mentality" on their employees, by for example cancelling an in-person interview with a candidate because they asked about compensation (there's an article on it). You can also check out their job listings, they push that "start-up mentality" on you. Garbage company, I actively avoid using their services.
McDonald's is gonna be better than skip
All Skip drivers have their own vehicles. They can afford to pay maintenance and insurance. It's really not that hard to get a job in Winnipeg.
They use a loophole by officially beginning the day 10 minutes later, and doing it before then, even though everyone is in the building.
They don't deserve shit from me, I pay Skip to deliver my food on time. People like you is what is wrong with the tipping culture. I tip 15% minimum at restaurants because it's just the norm here in NA, but these couriers don't "deserve" a damn thing. It's not my fault they work as "independent contractors", forfeit their rights, and work in a shit environment.
They should get paid by their employers to provide the service. I'm not asking them for anything. They're the idiots for working for Skip.
Maybe not where you live
I'm not talking about Catholic schools. I'm talking about regular old public schools.
Why bother with a Christian Heritage Month, when you can have Christian prayers right at school every day in the morning? Imagine if Muslims tried to do that in Canada.
No, don't feel guilt tripped into tipping. I don't tip any of these "independent contractors" (Uber, Skip, etc.) unless the service is above and beyond. If driving becomes unprofitable for couriers, then maybe enough of them will stop working, and Skip will have to think of another way.
First match in a while where I didn't begin to question why I even watch football. Also, Britton is still our best midfielder
Stick his brain into a robot body and lock him in a room with a laptop, so yeah kinda
He needs to not have a life
Lmao Ayew casually dribbling into our own box and getting someone to foul him
Typical "oh modern football sucks, defenders and goalies should just clear everything immediately" garbage
Commentator needs to shut up
This one's been working for me on mobile: http://www.sportgossip.xyz/2017/10/huddersfield-swansea-city.html
HD stream works but it's not really HD at all
He better
~~unorthadox~~ shit
That's Carroll for ya
We are looking fantastic, everyone looks up for it and we're pressing and winning the ball. Been pretty one sided so far in our favour
We are looking better offensively, Narsingh doing well in the left flank.
He just got back from intl duty, he wouldn't be starting a match like this either way
Just little things here and there. Negotiating compensation packages, resolving workplace issues, etc.
Personally, I'm just here to passively stay on top of job searching, since it's a valuable skill. But most people only come here when they're job searching, which can lead to a negative atmosphere.
I haven't had lost connections, but I've also had some awful input lag in the last few days
Further proof that idubbz makes great content but his fans are still mostly teenagers
Phoung Nam's pho is trash, and so is Mama's. Pho Hoang is an improvement
Can you sell it to me because I think that commander has potential, but haven't been able to stop using heavy cav
Young's on Williams has the original, cheese, and cold noodle variants for the best price in the city. No extra spicy variant though. I've bought the extra spicy one at Lucky's a few months ago, not sure if it's still there. Pretty sure Lucky's is just as cheap as Young's. Around $6-7?

As the other commenter said, you can go to one of three Korean supermarkets, but they're overpriced. Only around two bucks extra per pack of five versus Chinese supermarkets, but it adds up (for me at least).
Based lelic
Definitely the B-team, right? All the names I recognize are on the bench
Also hasn't scored in over a year for his NT
Lmao it's /r/Winnipeg's dilemma:

We hate bad drivers, but we are the bad drivers!

You're an idiot if you think going 10-15% above the speed limit gets you tickets.
Ideally, both would be dropped.
Drop Carroll and/or Fer already, both Roque and Sanches should be starting.
There's nothing going on In Nigeria right now that warrants them fleeing to the US and entering Canada illegally, unlike Syria recently or Vietnam a few decades back. Even they don't seem to bothered about potentially being sent back to Nigeria. I'm all for refugees and playing our part, but watching this video made me angry.
Everyone is an expert on the internet

Edit: just to make it clear, I'm making fun of you
Downvoted for dissing a world class travel destination
Especially combined with the blurb about how it's because Asians are more conservative.
Pretty stupid thing to say, though.
"Asians (generally) don't have the courage to travel solo"

Wow, I hope you got rid of some stupid prejudices and stereotypes during the trip.
the only reason this has 5k+ upvotes is because he's american
Interesting. I prefer the Pershing over the rocket strike, so I've pretty much been using Heavy Cav exclusively.
Someone's gonna have to explain to me why everything is downvoted here
I bought em at Lucky a few weeks back. Don't go to 88 mart, overpriced as shit there. Can't remember if Young's (downtown) had the 2x ones.
Rangers are just incredible though, I don't know why. My favourite elite infantry of all times. Guaranteed squad wipes with the Thompson upgrade, so useful in flanks.
If you think it's bullshit advice, then I feel sorry for you
This guy right here, I love the mucky shade of the water
Yeah, I know. All I said was that they have AC'd stadiums, because that guy said Messi would be playing in 50C heat. If it's 50C outside, they'd turn on the AC, not that it will be.
I love me some mosquitoes and subpar beaches
Yeah I know, but they do have air conditioned stadiums. I'm not even saying Qatar is a great place for WC. They're awful. But they do have AC'd stadiums.
Relic: "hold my beer"
They have air conditioning in the stadiums
It's gonna be impossible to make friends in Steinbach. It's such a small town. I probably know you, if not I know someone who knows you. Winnipeg is better. It's still not the greatest for making new friends, but it's better than Steinbach.
Make sure you leave bad reviews. As for advice, I'd just shave it and restart, or just wear a hat. Probably the latter
Can we get a montage of just the bad stuff? It'd be hilarious
Okay, step one: get out of Steinbach. 
Nothing gets me going like sound infrastructure decisions
The price we pay for living in a nicer country
899 CAD for Pixel 2

1159 CAD for Pixel XL 2
fuckin millennials man

^^/s
See, now I don't want the mini.
Are people that don't catch every game live no longer eligible to be fans, because I haven't been able to watch live games mostly for the last two years
Google took responsibility, though. Replaced 6Ps with Pixel XLs, or at the bare minimum replaced it with the same device in a timely manner. That's the difference maker I'm willing to pay money for, top notch service.
A what feature???
https://www.reddit.com/r/Winnipeg/search?q=poutine&restrict_sr=on&sort=relevance&t=all
Mind if I ask how much you paid for them?
Unfortunately, most insurances have a low set amount for the annual limits, especially if you try to buy your own insurance instead of through employers. I'll check out Serenity Dental. Thanks
I guess he could. Got any names or links I can check out?
aw man
I would like to see him make some sub appearances at least, but it's super unlikely considering Narsingh can't even get a look in and Dyer & Routledge are probably ahead of him.
I'm not looking to cheap out, I'm looking for value for the money and past experiences.
Him and Routledge should hopefully move on next summer.
It's for my dad, actually. His insurance only goes up to $1500/yr for everything dental, so it's not much help. I've read some review on Minuk, it seems like it can be a hit or miss. I'll give them a shot though. I also looked into Mexico, but the horror stories are pretty discouraging. I don't know if I want to put my parents through that.
Emissions, awful driving and parking, etc
Bring up Daniel James, Fulton, and McBurnie into the first team, I mean why not. Dyer with his two goals still doesn't convince me
You guys messed up some of the links, for "Flowers" and "Bundle Packs" specifically
My old company had the same thing, a buck or two for the "social committee". It's not too uncommon. I opted out of it, but it's nothing you should be outraged over. I've never heard of it being abused or used as a "slush fund".
It's just idiotic how she said it. If she had just complained about the living standards, that'd be completely fine, they're very valid criticisms and the issues should be rectified. But then she goes on to say she would prefer Sudan. Smh
Isn't it $26/yr, not $52?
If things are better back home, then I'd just go back if I were her
Yep. Unless it's for commercial purposes, pick up trucks are 80% unnecessary. Double their insurance premium.
> even though I disagree with you, I have no good argument to make a case, so let me bait you into saying something so I can cancel out your offering for a rational discussion

FTFY
You're missing the point. I'm not a shy person. A gym can be a hostile environment. Banning an entire gender for it is completely uncalled for.
The logic behind it is what's the issue here. Gyms are usually uncomfortable in general  unless you're a regular. I'm a man and I'm usually pretty uncomfortable there unless I'm with a friend or something. Banning all men during certain hours because women felt uncomfortable is not right, and it's setting a bad precedent.
"oh hey, all these terrorists are muslims, better ban all of them from entering our country"

"them Mexicans are sending us some bad hombres, better deport them all and build a wall to keep them out"

"some women were terrorized in the gym by men? Better ban all of them from entering during certain times"
Same as Skip. If people aren't getting paid enough, they shouldn't be working for these awful companies. I don't tip for Ubers unless the service is above and beyond (rush, very good service, etc.), and I don't tip for Skip at all.
So kick out an entire gender because a very small minority are comprised of assholes? Does this not sound familiar?
I know it's not the answer you asked for, but there are more women in universities than men. A quick search lead me to a site that says it's 63:37 at U of W.
Imagine being this salty
He's alright to build a team around. Not a player you needed. Still don't understand why you guys bought him. Oh well
and his slow self
My view of SI and FM would be more positive in general if a guy who actually knew how to market and interact with the community would replace Miles
It's a challenge. There's so much deadwood to clear (all those shit wingers), and barely enough quality.
I can only speak for FedEx, but our sort facilities were only in major cities unless you were near the border maybe. 
if it helps, my buddy only had a queen size
my buddy picked up two fat chicks hanging out there by the stars thing and took em back home, got wasted and had a nasty threesome, so take that as you will
If he wasn't in a small town, a FedEx or UPS type job would be nice
I would like to know the model number of that camera
Yep. Our drivers are the product of the sub-par and inconsistent road designs by Winnipeg, and the province's tendency to give literally anyone a driver's license, including all newcomers who have never driven in an environment like ours. Seriously, newcomers shouldn't be given licenses for at least a good two years, no matter how important it is to have a car here.

But Winnipeg drivers are just slow, they're not "the worst thing ever" that people here make them out to be
I want someone uglier communicating with me, I am not comfortable with someone that sexy pretending to be one of us
No homo but Jay Murray is a looker
hurr durr dae winnipeg literally has the worst drivers? i would know, i've never driven outside of the perimeter all my life

-everyone downvoting you
People suck at driving, folks. Every populated area on Earth has bad drivers. Winnipeg is not special. The NYC drivers you love so much would make fun of you for being this naive.
I think he could make a decent impact sub if we play a 4-3-3. Nothing more.
It's probably more self-deprecation than trolling
I have no idea what you're smoking, but iPhone 6 and 6S devices are doing just fine, and when they have widespread issues, they've addressed it in ways that I've never seen any android manufacturers do (iPhone 5 power button, 6S battery). Sure it's not perfect, I doubt they've covered everything, but it's way more than any android manufacturer has, bar Google. I like how you name all of the major Android manufacturers, and tell me not to use them as benchmark for what Android was. I only use Nexus/stock android phones, and I've never dailied an iPhone in my life, but I understand its strengths and weaknesses. You're just spoken like some android fanboy with some obvious biases. I'd never switch to an iPhone because the software just isn't my thing, but it doesn't change the fact that it's a solid choice in North America at the very least.

I don't see the point in talking to you, so I'll leave it at this.
Hopefully he learned his lesson.
So what, the Nexus 6? That's not exactly faring well either. LG G3? Overheats, awful software, and terrible battery life. IPhones are more reliable, pure and simple. Maybe the Pixel will stand up to the test, but it's too early to tell. But at the moment, it's pretty clear an iPhone is the safer, and better choice for the long term.
I'd still rather use an iPhone 6 over a Galaxy S5/6. My friends S6 has a battery life of four hours off the charger, constantly freezes and reboots, it might as well be a piece of trash. Never seen an iPhone 6 with issues like that. Never seen an iPhone with issues like that. Apple devices last so much longer than android devices, it's not even funny, and it's not even a processor issue.

Inb4 "hurr durr tell him to get a custom rom on it because everyone should know how to do that"
Warehouse jobs really depend on how your direct supervisor/manager is, in my experience. You'll know in the first week whether you like it nor not. Some days you won't like it, but it's better than retail or kitchen in every way if you ask me.
I BET YOU DON'T EVEN WATCH REAL MADRID, I WATCH REAL MADRID EVERY MATCH, AND I'LL HAVE YOU KNOW THAT HIS AWARENESS AND POSITIONING MORE THAN MAKES UP FOR HIS LACK OF GOALS
Not sure if I agree with being that reactionary, I just think we're still tinkering, which is to be expected since we lost our two most important attacking outlets, with reinforcements which are not as good.

I think people are starting to think Narsingh is better than he actually is, and I am 90% sure that he will disappoint everyone at CAM. This is my preferred lineup: https://i.imgur.com/e0bix69.png, with best case scenario being Ki being decent when he comes in and replacing Clucas, or Clucas picking up some better form when given a bit more freedom.

OR a 4-3-3: https://i.imgur.com/IJMm38h.png
Awful defending, off the post finishing, last minute goal, and what you notice is a thicc football player?
If anything, blame the board for not bringing in a proper replacement to Siggy (a la Viera)
I'm pessimistic in general about us lately but yeah it's like some people have the memory span of a goldfish. We're not at a stage to be questioning Clement yet.
They're both very flawed and no one should find them entirely relatable. Maybe some things here and there, but not the entire character.
It's the first thing that was said
He's been subpar outside of that good stretch of form in his first few games
Let's start with winning a header maybe?
I swear Carroll's just been invisible every time I watch
Not working
Not HD
This is the last match that Clement has an excuse not to start Rocky. He better start next match.
Lol, I mean, I want to say you're just being naive, but at some point people have to take personal responsibility, and it's pretty clear you've voluntarily locked yourself in your own bubble. If you really believe what you're saying, nothing I say can change your mind really. I hope you enjoy the rest of your life, and I also hope I never have to interact with you again
Oh wow, you gotta be kidding me. How are you this stupid? I wasn't talking to you, I was talking to the other guy. I wasn't even saying the situation is unfortunate, I was saying that it is unfortunate for him that his criterias for dismissing atrocities doesn't cover the natives.

Your ignorance and English comprehension level leads me to believe you skipped everything after grade 7 ish
Maybe you just suck at understanding context
Oh yes, bitch about something else when what you originally said doesn't stand up to scrutiny...
Nope. This issue isn't over. If this is the best we can do, then maybe we should be embarrassed. Not sure what happy bubble you live in.
I binged the show after seeing all of this, and I don't even understand how someone can relate to Rick and feel smart in extension. It's just a cartoon show. It's great and all, but uhh...
I agree with both you and the person you're replying to, the shaming has to stop but the acknowledgement and reconciliations should still happen.
Unfortunately for you the whole mistreating natives is (at best) barely a generation old
[LMAO](https://i.imgur.com/jTnCnRW.png)
It's nice in theory, but it's too much of a monopoly for my liking
I agree, drop Carroll
Donate some blowjobs
Shit happens
While I'm happy to have him, I just think it's ridiculous we had to pay millions of pounds to essentially develop him and give him first team opportunities.
I like how we've looked against United in the past two or three years or so. Would definitely take them over Chelsea, City, or Tottenham despite last week.
It's not the worst draw honestly
Cool idea
That's smart. Would suck for low income individuals who took out "0%" 96-month loans for their shiny new cars though
Wouldn't really be that effective with those rich Chinese immigrants who declare no income.
no
and fuck you, because there's absolutely nothing you can do about it! Want to call us to get your number onto our "do-not-call list"? Straight to voicemail, because again, fuck you! In fact, we won't even tell you who to call to cancel your membership! But don't worry, we won't forget to call and text you during your supper time right around 6-8PM, and if you don't pick up? We'll leave you a fucking voicemail, because go fuck yourself!

This message has been approved by the National Democratic Party of Canada.
I thought I was going insane reading something that stupid
I think you could pull off most haircuts, just go with whatever looks good to you. Personally I don't think you should shave your sides since it seems unnecessary and it's sorta overdone currently
We'll invade Northern Ontario soon enough, it's our rightful territory.
Sounds like you should start searching for a new job, not attempting to negotiate with a bad employer
Alfie Mawson
If you read the blog, it sounds like around half the stuff were mediocre or below expectations.
Apparently they use that to pretend immigrants aren't assimilating. What an absolute joke
And there's not a damn thing wrong with it. People can speak whatever language they want. This entire comment thread is stupid
Get over it. This is about coworkers speaking another language because they both happen to have a different mother tongue and work at the same place.
Sweden has black people and it has low crime
Just give em a light honk. Do you people have to make a post every time something bothers you in traffic?
wew
Gettin paid
> no white people in Japan (same pretentious faggots can try here as well)

> low crime

:thinking:
Family emergency. Tell them you won't be able to make it in for the indefinite future, and end things maybe a week later or so.
I don't think you know what the word "quality" means
I agree. All I was saying is that it is not impossible for things to be better than what it's at right now.
They should've started the construction with the buses in mind, if they cared about public transit at all in this city. The guy I replied to is saying that transit arriving on time is impossible because of construction, and nothing can be done about it. Of course things can be done about it. We just don't care enough to.
TIL other cities = Toronto
Other cities do. It's not like construction is spontaneous, they should've planned ahead to adjust their schedules, and ensure buses are prioritized to get through these areas.
Winnipeg Transit is better than Zimbabwean transit probably
Yeah, I thought so. Even a little can seem like a lot to people who are technologically-inept, though. I'm not that IT-inclined either (couldn't get into coding/programming at all), but my Google-fu is pretty good and I catch on pretty quick.
People who actually watched the match knew that he had a solid display, a far cry from what all of those stat posts implied. Check the match thread at /r/swanseacity. It's the people who didn't watch it that were trying to sell their narratives.
He had good knowledge in tech. Combine that with good communication skills, and he probably sold himself quite well in interviews.
I watched several of his pressers when he was with us, and his tone of voice and facial expressions seemed pretty smug. Not sure about his "real" personality, but can't say it was anything positive. He talks so slow too.
I think he'll be good enough to replace Fer or Carroll if he can get settled in quickly. Just has to work on his passing, he's got that presence and energy on the pitch
Just block the imei of your old phone and move on
Fuck his face man, he's got such a smug look
Doesn't have to be a great tackler to play DM in certain systems. His best attribute is his long passing and vision, not the short passes and flicks that you want to see up the pitch. I think people give his defensive abilities too much crap, he's had some bad games but on a normal day he puts in a decent shift.
He didn't screw up a major attacking chance or give up a dangerous chance. He did screw up often, but his ability to hold on to the ball cancels it out.
Nah, he's even worse in advanced positions. He should play in Clucas' position today.
If you make enough money and intend on spending enough money, then yeah that's better. But majority of Canadians won't make enough money for that card. OP definitely won't qualify for it.
Sanches was one of the only players I could see in the first thirty minutes. He's hardly at fault for today.
Bony should start. But the most important question: Donde estas Roque Mesa?
We tried, it just didn't work. No chemistry in the final third.
Third yellow this season. I don't like watching Fer, he's got no composure.
thanks for that cunt
I thought he was half decent, obviously his passing wasn't great. But on the ball he's a joy to watch, definitely has tons of potential.
I think Ayew would be a decent RB backup
Shelvey and Fer in a fistfight lol
He's my favourite type of player, I really hope we're not gonna down the path of Borja 2.0
Curious why Roque Mesa isn't getting starts.
It's like you read five words out of my entire comment
If I were driving my old shit box of a car and had a dash cam equipped, I definitely wouldn't have let those SUVs in after the bald cunt moved out of the way. Fuck that, not my fault, and I'll have proof. Worst case scenario is I'm out $500 deductible and some demerits, and I get a good story to tell.
As long as his knees hold up, he'll be a solid contributor. His strengths don't rely too much on his physicality.
I've heard horror stories for both races of barbers, honestly.
So just beat the shit out of them and drive em off into the fields in the winter? What is wrong with you? Can you meet up tonight so I can kick your ass for making such a shitty comment?
There should be a test for the owners, if anything. I'd blame the shitty owner who doesn't take responsibility over an aggressive dog.
Nothing really beats the 1.75% flat rewards on everything of Rogers MC for me. Even better if you are a Rogers customer, but I don't think I'll stop using this card if/when I switch carriers.
Yes, let's just attack and kill people that we don't like.
He just needs a better barber, doesn't necessarily need a black barber.
It's probably more "anti-India and stronger anti-China"
"I AM THE NY NUMBER ONE MOST IMPACTFUL ARTIST OF OUR GENERATION. WALT DISNEY. NIKE. GOOGLE."

I just love the transition where he says "Walt Disney".
[my personal favourite](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzYMOTVlpbQ)
It is a risk. My dog isn't aggressive at all, but is a bit anxious. I've dealt with a minor incident where another dog sneaked up on my dog and attempted to bite him at Maple Grove, and my dog ran off, as well as the owner of the offending dog. Tried to blame me before driving off, when I had plenty of witnesses. It's difficult to react quickly and properly when these things happen, I still often get  flustered when another dog is being aggressive.

My dog loves the dog park, so I still take him every other day at least, and I just pick him up when I sense/see something I don't like (he's only 15lbs). Sucks that some owners don't want to take responsibility for their dog's actions, you often see owners just not giving a shit about what their dog is doing.
That's interesting.
I thought he would be suspended, but I'm glad he'll most likely feature. It'll be entertaining, personally was a fan of him before he ran his mouth after leaving.
Calling pets "fur babies" is just creepy
Man I love St Vital
Yeah, this guy gets it. Just because they are grouped up doesn't mean they're being clique-y or exclusive. It'd be bad if everyone was standing individually minding their own business!
Mine occasionally slows down in the evenings, but nothing like what you're experiencing. Definitely call them up and have them send someone out.
I deserve better than Korea at world cup
I don't think you know what analogies are

Go back to school
Apparently your thick skull can't even understand that it's not EPL
I never said it has to be the "best team" cup, but it sure as shit could shed some of the garbage teams
South Korea doesn't deserve anything. They should stay home. Give more tickets to South America and Europe. Asia as a whole has just sucked this qualifier, bar Iran.
You can't.
If you don't like foreign students, then RRC won't be much better
How's your GPA so far? I slacked in term two and it dipped a little, I'm also in third term at Roblin. Different stream though
An 8 year old should know not to do that.
I just tried it, it was surprisingly manageable to eat once you squeeze everything down to a good size. I also agree that no one would've complained if they cut the donut in half and lowered the price a buck or two.
I'm not saying they're a burden on society. They pay triple what local students pay, and yes, they do contribute to the local economy. All I was pointing out was that the guy is taking pride in paying income taxes from working some min wage part time job when it's a negligible amount, and nothing compared to what Canadians pay throighout their lives.
Why am I even talking to an idiot that thinks an Intl student being refunded the taxes they paid is a "legitimate counterpoint"
TIL critical thinking 101 = master of critical thinking, lmao
You do realize Trump is considering putting an embargo on countries trading with NK, which means Russia as well? Russia was gonna be fucked with either presidents, it's just a matter of where and when.
That's a whole new issue/headache
I think critical thinking 101 will do you a world of good.
and I would like you to leave 
It might as well be incorrect, because you're paying pretty much nothing in taxes. Saying international students pay taxes is ridiculous.
Because our population would dwindle and economy would shrink. Look, I'm not supporting some fucked up forms of immigration (like rich Chinese immigrants coming here and getting discounted education and welfare), but we do need immigration in general. Just a restricted and controlled version of it.
Counted the zeros wrong. My bad, it's early in the morning.
By that logic, I'm not sure what your original comment added either.
Because even with incentives, birth rate is gonna go down. It's a worldwide trend in developed countries.
Not sure if the data supports your argument, since it looks like the percentage for China is at least double the amount of other countries

EDIT: I read the zeroes wrong, I'm sorry
I seriously doubt you're paying any significant amount of taxes, if you're working part-time as a student. You understood the point just fine, you're paying to move here, live here, and for your parents not having paid taxes.
Only a very very small minority defends expensive cell phone provider prices
Literally no one does
It's kinda like tipping. It doesn't really make sense, a lot of people would agree with you that it doesn't make sense, but everyone pays it anyways.
This is why I blame the city more than the drivers
You're right. Then what's with the solid lane between the entrance and the exit? Because that looks like the "curb" to me.
Are you thick? You pay to have bad reviews "difficult to find". If you don't, then the bad reviews are easy to see. Of course Google reviews can be faked, but you can't pay off Google to hide bad reviews and they certainly don't blackmail you.
Really. No more reliable than other review sites where you can pay the site directly to have bad ratings hidden? It's not perfect, but it's much better than Yelp, DealerRater, etc.
> driving exactly at the speed limit

Please don't drive outside of Winnipeg
It's not supposed to be, the solid lane in between the entrance and the exit isn't meant to be driven on. People wanting to turn onto Dakota keep (wrongfully) using that lane before they should be, which in turn causes even more people to consider the lane a "yield" not merge. People who are turning onto Dakota are treating it wrong. 

It's beyond me why a cop car doesn't set up there and ticket the fuck out of everyone.
They really should ticket people for all of those things instead of using speed traps. You can't even make excuses for those things.
The city doesn't make it any easier though. Merges and yields are difficult to tell apart in this city.
I only got to watch the Southampton match and the last 20 minutes of the United match, which might be why I'm pessimistic.
Definitely. Don't trust that garbage. Check Google reviews, usually more reliable.
Difficult to say without seeing the new players, but expecting 14th to 17th. We've lost our two best players and replaced them with young loan signings. It won't be an easy season. It's all pretty dependant on how well Bony does. Also, if Olsson gets injured...
Yeah they are, but it should at least come with a side or a drink. I just don't like how they're too stingy to put some fries on the side.
It's pretty good if you like their taste. I wasn't blown away, but it was still pretty good. I do think it is overpriced, though.
Had the $13 burger from KYU at the Forks. Very overpriced, it didn't even come with fries or anything. Just the burger. The burger tasted very typically "KYU". Their yellow bread, the typical sauces they use, etc.

EDIT: I've changed my opinion, I think the burger isn't that overpriced. Maybe it could be a buck cheaper, but it's priced appropriately compared to other burgers.
Go to the soup kitchen and stay at a shelter. What do I donate (and pay taxes) for?
I commuted from Exchange district from near South Perimeter (South St Vital) and it rarely took over half an hour. Half an hour range should give you lots of options
It'd be hilarious if their coach held a 0-0 draw until the 90th minute then let the Syrians score one just to spite Korea.
Pleasantly surprised by the memes in the twitter replies
We've signed big names before, we don't need loan signings to "raise profile". We don't need to and shouldn't rely on loan signings to bring in quality talent.
We shouldn't have to rely on loans to bring in good players. Loans just mean we're helping raise value of players for other teams. If we're doing that, then the loans should at least be pretty cheap, but that's not even the case here.
Just enjoy the music and ignore the individuals
Am I insane for thinking that paying £8.5m for loan fee is crazy if there isn't an optional buy at the end?
That just might do the trick, thanks
It's all about the ratio, people
He's similar to Fer from what I've gathered, someone correct me if I'm wrong
He'd have to agree to the move, so let's hope he has an enjoyable enough year to stay, but not too good of a year to attract too much interest