The sixth gen iPad is already available for 150-180 bucks with offers and stuff. Even 180 for 3 is 540 bucks. Not enough to get a high end build but can have a decent enough build. Plus some of those could be older models which can be as low as 60-70 bucks.
HTC really loves to put in a notification for everything!!
But I am Groot!


SELinux applies to everything after your system is booted.
No dedicated lamy stores??
Yeah I can't buy youth where I live too. Heard they outlawed it. Fucking government!! What kind of retards do they have running the place?
It's been voted out but not out yet. And it will take some time before you see it's effects. First it will most likely be minor things like going back to slower Netflix (remember at&t did that?) and stuff like that.
Yup seen that. I have also missed snaps cause it goes straight from tap to load to opened (and I don't have travel mode on so it should load automatically, but doesn't). Experienced this both on iOS and Android.
Deleted, or just not using snapchat.
Whats your snap id
Doesn't look like it
PM me your ID. I'll add you .
> failed.

Looks like it's a SanDisk Drive
Add a visual indicator for scrolling above the fold and the message from CEO box can be edge to edge. Feels to squished. Would be more so on today's longer and slimmer screens
How many people??
Yeah. I thought it they try to be more sensationalist but this was well executed.
Aah! Thanks for the heads up. I've messaged the admins. Must be by mistake, I don't see anything against the rules or offensive before the ban
Yeah I'm real. Shadowbanned for what though? I don't think I've ever even commented on this sub before this
Only in select countries. We dont get that part
The apple music app is alright. It's fast and has all the features. App on my iPad sure is better designed but I prefer it over play music and Spotify. If only I could export my playlists from play music
Looks good but you might want to add a bit more info. Also email address box feels too bland
Nah. Still the same issue. [text needs padding](https://i.imgur.com/FJ5EXU6.png).

Also you might want to move things around to improve mobile reading. [currently you need to zoom in to read.](https://i.imgur.com/MwPWx2Z.png) [example 2](https://i.imgur.com/mgPhG0m.png)

Also on mobile the about page [looks odd](https://i.imgur.com/Hh2dyHb.png), you might want to switch to edge to edge full bleed image on mobile.
Darnit Netflix, why do I even pay for it!!! None of those shows are available here.
node_modules has footprint of half my drive space.
What phone
I would be surprised if you get surprised by anything.
Three year old acct and only this post? Not even a comment?
On iOS it's muted by default until you click the volume button once on speaker. It's always on with earphones. Once you enable audio all stories you watch (until you exit out of the stories, back to previous screen) will have audio enabled. 

On Android it's enabled always. You use your system volume setting to control it.
We the people of Reddit totally believe you
Sounds good in theory but people crave flashy hardware.

People want curved beautiful glass made phones and then cover it with covers and cases.

People want display everywhere yet hate notches.

People don't want bazels despite the fact that having those avoods having notches and doesn't make the phone so uncomfortable to hold in landscape without covering the screen.

People want slimmer and lighter phones (although that craze has died down a bit) but don't want to deal with lower battery life.

People want cheap phones but want phone companies to innovate and spend money on design. (I'm not saying phones should cost a gazillion dollars but selling it at Razer thin margins won't cut it. Companies like OnePlus started that with OP One and are now realising that they can't make it without raising the prices, the 5T, LG G6 and XZ1 both cost around same here and I can get Samsung S8 for a bit more. Most Chinese companies have good funding and government support right now and can manage to sell for cheap. LeEco and Xiaomi is primarily a media company and services company for example and mostly profit from there. But even then we know LeEco failed badly trying to sell cheap stuff everywhere and had to retract. )


Note: I haven't read through the article yet.
I kinda like Snapchat though. I talk with more people there than on IG or anything else. Feels more personal. IG is like a brand or a part of themselves they put out.
My provider has a different network for internet. It's fibre to building and then coax to my home. If I upgrade to a package above 200Mbps I will be upgraded to direct fibre.
I had one where driver started ride without picking me up. They never refunded. Use their rival here now. Much more cars and they have an OTP before you can start the ride.
Can never go wrong with pizza. I love pizzas with multiple toppings though.
The entirety of world war 2 is covered in like 6-8 pages in most textbooks here so if you don't follow international culture or research about it, most people here wouldn't know
Facebook games API does game save files. So does play games and gamecenter
Google (with play games) and Apple (with gamecenter) also provides game saves and it's quite easy to Implement too
**BUG TIME**
I'm Asian (indian) and although I'm not that culturally engraved I do know that for most people here being dropped by police, or even police simply visiting your home is thought to be bad eventhough nobody really cares.
But if nobody is watching, his do you know someone did it and more specifically they did it.
True. I don't even get why is there this rivalry. Both countries can progress much better if they worked together
Maybe. Although they could integrate that witch into hinges on MacBooks too.
And if I'm not won't you must be using special flags or an older version of chrome too cause I remember chrome too disallows tls1.0 now by default
Why not use a switch though? My sony laptop (yeah) has a switch on left side hinge. It can sense when the screen is halfway down too but normally nothing uses it. I use that to turn screen brightness to 0% while keeping the laptop on.
So you've got a magnet IN your left ring finger or ON your left index finger. 

If the answer is IN, story time!
Both the iPad and my phone (Xperia XZ) have magnetic cover case options. Well I don't use cases on either of them. I can trigger one device to sleep using other and it gets quite annoying cause it's on the right side and sometimes its triggered accidentally when holding both devices one hand.
They usually have different seller options. I got the XZ from Amazon and they had a offer for free Bluetooth earphones on it. But I bought it from wrong seller so I couldn't get that. It was only through cloudtail (that's the name amazon uses for stuff they sell themselves here).

Also taiwan firmware will usually get updates first and will have a working fps. Better than American version. You can check with Sony as you have an American bill of sale, they should probably honour it but I don't know the laws in US so that might not be true.
Well people do hate phones that are boxy and functional around here.
SD card and Headphones Jack yeah but batteries are going away.
Yeah. Rose depend on your the birthdate you've set
You mean the cake icon? Nope. They stay
Darnit, I recently lost two streaks over 250. Keep that up man!!
[I got different results.](https://i.imgur.com/VS7Nv4K.png) also just above is when I asked I asked it to turn on dnd and it replied with page for iOS devices.

I probably guess Google has some sort of convo builder for canned responses and someone at Google spent a few hours with it yesterday after the post.
Send new graphics card instead plz.
My laptop with integrated gfx back in 2008 did aero without any issues. iGPU with even first gen i7 should support aero just fine.
XZ. They updated the X compact too along with X. It has Jan update at least
Less than 2% difference keeping mobile data and location off when not needed. Xperia XZ
I have it, NFC and wifi on all the times now. And although Bluetooth is disabled it's just disabled Discovery and connection actually. System still keeps it on for location services.
Manager: hey Josh we're getting too many negative responses. Do something.

Josh: sure boss!!
February patch for me
I guess you mean back
Probably a reference to something on this sub. I too am out of loop though
Senior manager and assistant manager I guess
Ok bye. *Gets up and leaves*
nope. Also last updated mid 2017.
I pay $14 for cable and 100Mbps down 20Mbps up connection.
It sends an SMS to your car. If you get your hand on it, its possible to do this without the subscription.
It's fof the church honey.
Out of loop. Anyone??
Don't they do it this way already?
Can't the county or city (or whoever handles them) just give you a new copy?
Added! rohmish
I too used to think that. Until I went on a trip with literally no reception in some areas last month.
Especially outside of the Americas. Their American option is worse than outside.
McDonald's has/had some "healthier" options in their stores ("restaurant") in Asia and Europe.
Which phone/ROM/Version?

Renders just fine on my phone (Xperia XZ/Stock/8.0)
I just call them brackets. Abstraction
Haha. Used to hate snapchat when I first signed up a couple years ago. Borderline addicted now.
Happy birthday dude
I'd think about it even for around 700.
Also running 8.0, it's mostly internal and power saving these days.
He might be busy you know, being prince must not be easy job
Snapchat glitches like that all the time. Probably someone else replayed a snap you sent. I've had steaks go away eventhough I have sent them (and they have sent me) multiple snaps multiple times a day.
All I ask for is Hannibal to return for one more season with something closely following red dragon.
Cake day!!!
Yeah. HID and mass storage drivers (and others in general) in win10 are much better.
That's the keyboard circuit or keyboard controller. Not the port itself.
GoogleBing it!
Wow. Some people are really *different* in their thought process. 


I really have no words...
Same frustration, but what's your snap ID?
rohmish. :)
Tap on head, it brings the contact sheet (or whatever they call it) and there you can tap on their story to watch it.
Why not just run > explorer.exe
Its really weird that the news has been dominated by single person for last one year.
I remember when I first visited one here. Spent like 45 minutes there and almost bought a few things. Good that I was without my wallet. The one nearby is a smaller store but one at city centre is a larger one. Will surely buy something if I go there.
Roadster though as very small trunk space.
Get enterprise edition of win10 or the one for critical hardware. Doesn't have Cortana and other crap.
But /u/xbuttcheeks420 is that guy
Yeah, slack rose in popular
Macros
I'm using beta for months now and after a while it learns and shows frequently contacted people up top. Gets much better after some time.
This. All that silly graphics and share options everywhere make it seems like a scammy app.
Mine dies after 1%. I can not back up a few times and it says 0% but it shuts down instantly
> Check your phone for updates.

What about LG users?
Fork! The dog is sleeping chiti do something
Aah the good old: Windows?, Sex, location
F
Fuck you laughed
Can I have some cake?
I can't say for HTC and LG but Sony is doing much better these days in India and some European countries these days. I've been getting security updates at the same time or even before my pixel/nexus-owning friends.
I'm done with this. Why the hell would I need a fidget spinner filter???
I actually kinda liked the chats section. Discover and public stories are a mess though. Have it on beta for months now.
Office UK or US?
In recent months snapchat has been mostly smooth for me on Android too (Xperia XZ, 8.0) mostly. That is unless doesn't wanna play ball and goes slideshow mode. It uses up battery like there is no tomorrow though
Probably removing you. But try reinstall (or app settings -> clear data if on Android), it might just be a glitch
Last year, HTC, LG and Sony (well they are kinda fucking up themselves in US) arguably had much better phones than Samsung but since they don't have the same carrier support they will never see same sales.
Early 2010s models were great. The best IMO. It has gone downhill from there
I blame Intel. Had they not made their CPUs so poorly, there would be no need for OP to overclock to compensate. 3.3v
Now I'm hungry. Brb guys.
Quick someone post it to /r/murderedbywords
Give it some time.
I was laughing hard on those until I realized that I too would never get any of those signs. Then I realized no girl would talk to me.

Life is sad :(
jQuery is the language of the future m8.

Also, happy cake day
Adding.
Adding....
HA! This needs more **vishibility.**
Wayland is missing a lot of things currently but performance wise it's much better option compared to x11 for most users.also some decisions they made simply doesn't make sense.
Err: unhandledException
Probably will be Livestreamed on twitch. Or if Facebook ponies up enough monies, Facebook video. The horror!
Yeah some services had uptime and response time issues yesterday with the forced reboots on all cloud services due to recent revelations about processor bugs. Things are starting to get back to normal though. Should be working now. Try a cache/data reset otherwise. Does opening the link k load the image in browser?

Works for me btw.

**Device information**

    Sync version: 16 (beta 2)    
    Sync flavor: free    
    Removed ads: false    
    
    View type: Fixed height cards    
    Player type: ExoPlayer    
    Push enabled: false    
    
    Device: F8332    
    Model: Sony F8332    
    Android: 8.1.0
Y U H8 WAYLAND, THE SAVIOUR OF HUMANKIND????
The thing is TeamViewer usually just works. With vnc and other server-less-like solutions you need the IP address and need to configure it (although this is usually a one time thing).
Yeah. Sometimes. I'm a very private person and I don't feel like I should be in a relationship. Most of the times it feels liberating seeing others and their relationships but there are a few times that I feel like having a SO would've been nice
Check out Mono documentation
Greyhound is the luxury option from spirit airlines.
Greyhound is the luxury option from spirit airlines.
Totallynotrobots
3/14. Nope. Definitely not a super recognizer
Where is this restaurant and what's it's name. Will definitely visit if I go to karela again.
Adding. Also love spicy food. Actually, I like any food.
Adding .. up for steak
Adding....
Adding ...
Adding.... Up for streaks.
Adding....
It's an operation mode flag set on the fly. Not at bios level by OS I assume (again, I really haven't read everything yet so I'm not sure and even then nobody outside of the researchers have all info yet and I'm not an expert at this so take this with a grain of salt) when performing certain operations and can access only usermode data. But because of the way the processor reads data from cache, blocking it is not possible. Only mitigation which is what and, Android security patch and other non Intel/x86 updates are doing. This is what I understand is happening right now. I guess swell have to wait about a week until all info is public.
Good humanoid
Why use apt-get when you can just apt?
I use the AmazonBasics one (type C). Works just as well as the original cord provided with the phone.
Here, The local uber competitor does so but not Uber
Nope. You need to go back about 10 more years
Or Sony.
Which phone? All XZ series was Oreo by November. Yeah. Jan updates should be rolling out anytime now...
You need to have a flag set in order for this to work which isn't usually used by anyone making it almost impossible
Working with metal, it's almost as if you're working for one platform similar to consoles (I guess going deeper you might need to get hands dirty for different hardware). Whereas with Linux and windows there are lots of variables. Now with Linux there isnt simply that much market share for them to care whereas for windows there is and because of how DX works, it's somewhat covered (more like middle ground between apple's situation and Linux)
Short answer, we don’t know yet. Things are going to be affected but we don’t know by how much for sure. Virtualisation is hit the most. Along with most of productivity and content creation software. We don’t really know much about gaming and it would depend largely on games and their engines but if you are using the top of line you probably Aren’t going to be affected much but that’s just a speculation. Until we get the patch on windows, we can’t tell for sure. 
Adding. PC gamer, though haven't been playing much for months now.
I guess most distros will automatically do that for you on fresh install at least.
I know they still make CPUs with x86 (and apparently x86-64) but I have never seen them in use outside of those really cheap and outdated boards on Amazon.
TIL: steam has voice calls
"somewhat"... Yeah. They were the gods themselves.

Even in colleges and universities now, they expect this. The number of times I've gotten in trouble for not doing this is kinda staggering.
Unfortunately in commercial environments you can’t just buy something else,
It affects you even if you use virtualisation even on desktop.
So how the flight? Must've felt like first class minus the comfy seats with no crying babies and fighting couples.
Unfortunately nominations and winning award shows is a good way to increase viewership. Plus people seem to generally not like good shows these days.
Added. Rohmish
rohmish. Feel free to talk about anything.
Added!
Aah yes. Agencies. My bad.
India:

States (and union territories) > district > tehsil(county) > town/city/village (some cities like Mumbai, Bangalore and delhi are large enough to be their own district or even spread across two. Most town and smaller cities are their own tehsil)
Yeah depending on cource structure electrical/electronic engineering should have some low level language lectures/subjects so that you know how to write software to control hardware. It's not as deep and in detail as doing just software engineering but depending on what you want to do, it might be a good starting point to build on yourself.
That's nice. Good for both you and him. I'm Working on confidence building too. Good luck
I feel like this happens a lot. You work on it for a long time and then you look back and Bam! It looks like you've done nothing. Really despise that feeling. You just feel powerless and useless.
What I hate is when you hit a quirk of a library or language. That or outdated poorly written manuals. Currently I'm struggling with mongoose pre on nodejs. I'm doing exactly as the manual says and is logically right but it still executes the update on DB before waiting for pre to complete.
Nice. That really awesome. How hard or easy is it to learn Japanese or chinese?
I hate this actually. The Uber rival here shows the general destination to the driver (it's really easy to get using Google maps API). Also they have OTP you give out to the driver so that the the driver can't initiate there trip without you being in the vehicle so if they call and ask to cancel I can just refuse. Plus they also allow you to have multiple rides so I can still use the app to call an other ride while the first one is holding me hostage for cancellation fee. Not to mention they have much better customer service. 

Also hey, we used to live in Reston long ago when I was a kid.
It actually depends on Amy factors, if the area he/she serves is having shortage of drivers, they will let it slide till about 4 or 3.*high something* and many other factors but generally that's the rule. I try to give 5 stars to all my driver unless they were really bad.
Just Netflix originals? Damn I get 95+ on just about everything.
In 2016 briefly this actually existed. Google "peeple" or "Yelp for people"(not relate to Yelp in any way). Also credit agencies is not far from this. It's not people personally rating you but corporations
4.72. I've taken about 80-90 rides on Uber. These days I've been using their competitor's services. I usually just give out 5 stars unless it was exceptionally bad which is very rare. Over the 100s of ride I've taken, I guess I've given less than 4 stars only a handful of times at most. Lower stars only if the driver was super rude, or took their own sweet time arriving.
Added
Added. Rohmish
Snap username?
Adding. Just for that selfpost. Edit: what's your snap username?
It goes away after you've seen it once. Also if a streak is timing out it will bring it to the top. I find that nice touch.
I quite like the chats part. The discover part is quite bad though. Stories is a bit glitchy but it works alright.
The app has been working great for me everywhere actually these days when it works. Even filters. The problem I see is that sometimes the app gets really slow for some reason and only way to fix it is to close the app and relaunch it. Sometimes even that doesn't help. It's not as smooth as iOS for sure but it has improved a lot these days
You can check it in the my stories tab in memories. It is a timeline history of all the snap stories you've posted arranged by date.
Complete rework on the way they say. But that said while the app sometimes get unbearably slow, these days it just works fine. (Sony Xperia XZ, 8.0 official)
It depends on the orientation specified in the images' exif data. That's written to the file by your camera app automatically when you take a photo. Make sure your camera app recognises the orientation correctly.
They have dialog boxes now? Last I used it they marked it as experimental and was terminal only. No GUI
I motion this support
Worse IMHO. Atleast apple designs their experience around customers
Well just because they are privately held doesn't mean they won't have regular corporate like tendencies.
I don't think there is a setting or a flag to change that behaviour on chrome mobile.
It's on play store to update the apps on Sony TVs and shields.
In settings, add your devices. The only issue is you can't cast if the page isn't loaded.
They've started selling Google devices again. There is an app on Android TV for Amazon prime services but it has to be sideloaded as it comes preinstalled on Nvidia shield and Sony devices and nothing else (which more or less just leaves nexus Player and the mi box out. I know of only one other Android TV device which is local to just my country and hasn't been available for sale anywhere ).
Amd could be called an exception. But their work was hugely focused on data compute and stuff. Suited for data centres and workstation. They only turned to graphic performance once valve entered the linux gaming market since they partnered with valve to supply graphics for their steamboxes.
Right now anything valve does is praised by almost all gamers worldwide unless it affect them in a negative way no matter how stupid thing it may be. Valve is seen as this golden duck that can do no wrong and is on gamers side by many. That's simply not true. Valve is a corporation first and foremost and only cares about profits and how to maximize it. The only reason valve even supports Linux is because Microsoft threatened their business with windows app store and because they wanted to capture the console market and the easiest (and cheapest) way to do that without ceding control to any other entity — Is to have machines run their distro of Linux. Currently steamOS seems dead in the water and as soon as valve and Microsoft get their things sorted out and get cosy together valve won't give a second thought to dropping Linux support.

Their customer support now, they do the bare minimum required by law for the user and don't give a fuck about you. They know that if you want to game on PC, you HAVE to have steam. What else options do you have? Most games are released on steam after all. Even hard copies these days just do steam install. Seriously, I'm surprised people don't see this as near monopoly-like situation.

Edit: someone pointed out about community efforts by valve, and the simple answer is – Valve profits from community mods. People are attracted to mods and you get sale for free. You didn't even have to advertise it to the buyer. Plus valve makes direct money on paid mods (not sure if they changed that but that might not be the case now.) Also a loyal community is a guaranteed source of profits.

While it is true that valve has supported Linux in many ways, they have been crucial in Linux graphics driver for example (previous to valve push most proprietary drivers for Linux if available would just be available to ensure basic functionality and would usually be vastly sub-par compared to windows and even Mac drivers.) Don't forget that valve always had something to gain from it.
That's what journalism has come to these days. Taking things out of context or without explanation and making a frenzy out of it for views.
Buy an 4G 7" tablet and just stick it up there. Much more useful. Older iPads and Samsung 's galaxy Tabs are both cheap. About 150-200 for purchase and 20-70 for data.
Chrome, atleast on Android had unlimited tabs from the beginning. The number of tabs really doesn't matter cause if your phone is low on ram it will automatically close the tab and will reload it when you revisit it.
Mostly, yeah. My phone usually has 1+ month uptime. But not everything is perfect. My phone restarts while applying monthly security updates and that's it. But if not rebooting your phone after a month or two isn't that bad of an idea.

Lollipop and iOS7,9 had many memory leaks due to massive under the hood changes and would visibly get slower after a few weeks but Marshmallow/oreo and iOS11 are mostly stable. Some small leaks exist though. One everymoth is a bit too much though.
Chrome reloads the tabs after reboot.
It used to be an amazing app but it went to shit recently. Right around the time they rolled out stories and stuff so I wonder if it has anything to do with this.
I haven't seen this on iOS too. And I think they generate the notification string server side
On Android, apps can have notification streams. So you can turn off say notifications for one kind of things but keep it on for other. Instagram doesn't implement it sadly. Would've been perfect.
That's fake. iOS and Android both do buffered refresh so it would be like some notifications appear together after some ms in waves. Not a literal constant stream.
That's quite sad dude. Hope it gets better for everyone in future.
Btw you use Arch
Good autocorrect
Uh, honestly? Did you even read the email? I don't think you want me to call my lawyers about this .
Bad humanbot
!isbot rohmish
Hey I too get headaches after talking to people on phone, but that's just due to the people on other side.
Happy cake day
Auto. Manuals are discontinued.
You got vbox passthrough to work without randomly breaking every third day? Impressive indeed.
Because the mouse doesn't actually saves anything. You need to be on same network too because it uses network to transfer stuff.
I actually have a 2GB drive lying around somewhere. Need to get converters to connect it but I will try it sometime.
I loved my note 6.
Use efi boot manager through a live image. 

Edit: Quick Google search found me this: https://linux.die.net/man/8/efibootmgr
The camera is great. Low light has more grain but it can shoot photos in much low light. In my opinion, if you are shooting low light, it's usually with family or friends indoors. You'll you rather have an image that's grainy or just black slide?
It's true elsewhere too. But they have slightly better market share in Europe and Asia
The service center was kinda fine but I contacted them via phone and that was great.
It was upgraded to shoot 4k actually.
That means it doesn't know that you have grub/Ubuntu bootable partition on your Disk. You need to manually add that in.
Actually, more modern phone's governors do query for battery health and temperatures and might reduce the time your phone goes to full speed and be more conservative in its approach. Qualcomm's binary power management sure does that. Not 100% sure about MTK but I'm fairly sure they too should have similar approach. The difference is no hard cap and it's much much les drastic. It doesnt cap the performance like apple.
It's not. It's logical and reasonable. The problem is that your phone doesn't tells you this. And apple suggests new phone instead of a new battery. Maybe a warning if it has to throttle more than a couple mHz would've been great.
Sony is releasing security updates for all their X series phones within a week or two. Many times I recieved updates before my nexus and pixel using phones. Also Sony has pushed 8.0 to year and half old phones while others are still releasing phones with Android N (heya, razer and Nokia(atleast they are starting to push 8.0)).

If you live outside the united states, I seriously recommend Sony. They kinda fucked up in the states.
Actually, most modern Android phones kinda does. You see, even when your phone (or even your desktop) says it has a processor capable of 3.5 Whooping gigahertz, it doesn't actually tu at that spends a all times. That's just wasteful. Also, some processors can automatically apply small amounts of overclock for brief period of time for extra snappier performance.

Now the question is when do we run at full speed? When should we dial it back? When should we add in that overclock? For how much time? And all this is decided by monitoring the CPU and device performance parameters. So if your phone is running hot, it will throttle more (run at lower speeds), it monitors battery health too. If your battery is weak, it will avoid running the processor at full speed or with overclock if possible. You (if you're rooted or the manufacturer otherwise) can actually tweak some of these parameters by modifying kernel/firmware and governor. Except, Qualcomm and most other uses proprietary binary blobs for thermal and performance control and stuff so you can't really control all parameters (maybe modders have gained more control, I haven't been reading up on developments recently). 

The difference is that apple is locking the max clock the phone can go to if it detects an abnormal battery "manually". This means lesser strain on battery since most of these software which manage the cpu are mostly performance oriented. Lesser strain as you might have guessed it is equal to better battery life. 

Apple says that they added in this feature with iPhone 6S but I conspire that they had similar implementations for older phones too but they made it slightly more dynamic and more aggressive in light of shitty batteries in iPhone 6S for many people. There is no other reason why iphones have had better battery backups compared to any other Android phones with stock/OEM-skinned ROMs after a few years. 

Many people over at ROMing community actually manually underclock their cpu once their device gets older to elongate battery life. You know (or mat have seen) of old phones that crap out and shut down or have like 15 minutes of use time before it empties your battery, this is the reason.

Also I don't see much performance difference in iPhone 6 and 6S and they run fine (unlike iPhone 4S and 5 which barely worked after their last iOS updates).

That said, apple executed this very poorly. They should've added in a listing in about or in battery that showed if the device performance was decreased to compensate for bad battery and shown warnings if the reduction was too much (like maybe if it was reduced below 900Mhz). Also apple should've offered battery replacements as an option instead of outright suggesting replacements/buying new phone. Also maybe extended battery replacement program for 6S users since thet seem to be affected the most.
Here the waiter usually comes with the bank terminal in hand. The bill if paid by the card is usually paid by single person and everyone else pays the payer later. I also noticed during my brief time in states how slow everyone are at bringing the bill to you. I didnt want to generalize but seems like it's common to wait 5 minutes for your bill to arrive there. Also for tip people usually will just leave the change or smaller bank notes with the bill and we don't have to write that down anywhere. Also we usually have chip and pin. Plus depending on card type and your settings (with bank) for smaller meals you don't even have to enter the pin with credit cards. Although I guess banks are phasing that out for renewals and new credit lines.
This guy downvotes
4096x2160 or stay back in 2017.
It wasn't at bad. But it was missing character development and it jumped around the story a lot for just being 1.8 hours of runtime
But paying the check should take like a minute max. What are you guys doing stateside that it's a whole affair just to pay for your food?
USB-C PD spec.
License. The patents and software codec bundle required cost money. If they wanted to enable it for every Xbox they would have to add about $10 to every Xbox and it's something that you probably would never use. Other Dolby codecs are chap enough and widely used enough that they can (or rather have to) bundle in with core firmware.
Fireshark is not hard to use. Using both alexa and Google assistant I can see traffic to their service hosts about a second after I activate it either using voice control or button.
That's how Google home and even phones with Siri and Google assistant on screen off work. The chip isn't exactly saperate and is part of the chipset/processor actually. It's programmable and that's how they tune the sensitivity or add voice print the device should understand.
To me they sound better and have better controls and such but Bose is more comfortable. Only if sony can switch the pads with something better, it would be amazing
These are lot cheaper here and the noice cancellation is better IMO. that said Bose does indeed have better pads.
Five star Service, eh?
I beat you! I don't have standards. *PERIOD.*
> ...I had already overflowed from the credit display and I was trying to see if I could wrap an integer value.

Priorities ✋🙏
What's with the attitude, ITS FOR THE CHURCH HONEY? NEXT!!
Had it replaced once because we thought the heating up was because of it being defective unit. We have done full reset a couple of times which helps somewhat. We sticker to play store with just a handful of apps installed outside of the stock one's. It slows down just like Samsung. Surprisingly, my Nexus never did that. My current XZ too hasn't ever been reset in year and half and the performance is same. Have installed 7.0, 7.1 and 8.0 updates without wipe.
Looked into it. I can relate to some of those principles. I just don't have that much confidence in me right now to join straight outta college. But applying at amazon is definitely on my list.
Your dad should seriously look into using a domain. Google apps for business (and I guess even Microsoft has similar Services) after easy to setup and everyone in the company can have their own proper address. Plus it looks more professional
/r/expectedhamilton
You'd think that is true. You'd be astonished by the number of people who work on a computer daily and still don't know what a double click or click-and-drag is.
Talking about Amazon, 

I live in a densely populated area where there are many people who constantly order stuff from Amazon, I always thought that people getting boxes that are absurdly large was overblown since I never got those (I actually frequently receive stuff jammed in a single box edge to edge) but I recently was visiting a relative who lives in a very sparsely populated area and also the kinda place that doesn't have many people ordering stuff constantly. They always get boxes that are 2x-4x the size of boxes required. I knew Amazon optimizes their packaging for efficiency but yeah, those boxes are big!
Well good for you! Most of the work environment complains comes from their marketplace business though

Also, love what you guys are doing. Would love to work on something that's as big as aws services. I consider myself a decently good coder and working on improving myself but when it comes to people skills and stuff,  admittedly I'm quite bad at those unfortunately
Nobody is good at Tetris. Even the devs working on this.
If you are using linux, the core kernel and basic services take almost no significant time to start up. It's usually the display server and other servers that take time.
My current laptop works just fine and is upgradable unlike any of the new ones. Not saying you should do all of those but just a list of everything that helps in improving performance. 1 and 5 don't really cost any money. 2 and 4 are universally recommended by everyone. If you have an really old/basic wifi card preinstalled, especially if it's broadcom I would suggest replacing it with something good even on newer hardware.
I'm not saying to go out and buy those. Just pointing out that there used to be food MacBooks. Also the new touchbar models aren't that bad either.
You say that. I have a friend who has Pixel XL. It worked fine for first month or so. Then it just gave up and would take literal seconds just to load web browser with no tabs (and cache cleaned) or Whatsapp. Have many other issues too.
Well it would've been £20 for them at most. International calling and roaming has massive markups.
After seeing some of the ppl I am graduating with, I hate myself.  
^HOW ^CAN ^PEOPLE ^BE ^THIS ^STUPID??
> I spend too much goddamn time on reddit

Don't we all?
I've done hard resets on my iPad many times now. I haven't read anything bad happening due to resets. Source?
If you have an old laptop, doing some of these will help:

1. clean the insides, remove all the dust. Apply new thermal paste.  
2. Upgrade to an SSD and add more RAM if possible.
3. Replace the wifi chip with Intel's 3360 or something similar.
4. Remove the CD drive and Replace it with an hard drive if you want more space. (Makes it lighter and consumes slightly less power. Adds storage if you add HDD)
5. Reinstall fresh windows or Linux
6. Install a new higher resolution screen if possible. It's really easy on older Laptops.
7. Get a new battery if possible
I have an old laptop with 5400RPM hdd that boots much quicker than a new-ish laptop with SSD because of the crap it has to start. That said my primary Linux laptop with SSD blows both out of water.
Early 2010s MacBooks were pretty great. Good bang for the buck even. The new touchbar ones are great but I hate that they are non upgradeable. Same goes for almost all new slim high end laptops on Windows side too.
WTF. I don't think that's even legal. I wiped my laptop and installed Linux the first day. Sony honored the warranty no questions asked when wifi card had problems. Got it replaced in a couple of days.
Even on Android phones, when your battery gets old it warms up easily, the battery life goes down considerably and performance is reduced (not because of something like this, because the CPU is starving) regularly. I feel that is being overblown by media. Not to mention the CP clock speed is reduced by just a couple hundred mhz in all but worse cases.
Great human
Hey I too use googla search
He interrupted the mechanical KEY-thingy
Use liveboot image or bios menu (if it allows) to add/move up the Ubuntu boot option in boot order list.
English should be my preferred language too if there is a setting there but it started in German for me.
I can't even imagine the hardship people who are texting, driving, drinking and being careful are going through.
The microwave clock doesn't have to be accurate to microseconds. And since most people have their kicthen in a corner, GPS signals are weak or non-existent. Not to mention that's a really complex solution to a simple problem. Adding in a battery on other hand is something even you and I can do over the weekend.
Wouldn't call that "cheap"
The PS3 controller fits perfectly in my hands. The PS4 controller is a bit uncomfortable. XBOX just feels awkward to me.
Or you know, just a small battery
That's why I stated "one of the biggest reason'. Random wakelocks by Google services draining battery is the second reason. I don't have that many apps installed on my phone. Even with 8.0, I don't see much improvements. Not to mention my other phone (S8) hasn't even received 8.0. 

I use iPads currently and while it slows down after a couple of updates, it's still bearable and works for me.
They launched one for Fire TV. I suppose they should've launched one for Android TV as well. Even if now, the app for fire TV should in theory work just fine with Android TV which all new Sony smart TVs after 2014 uses.

If you want something that's supported, try fire TV sticks as replacements in future. Despite all the hate it gets, its quite nice actually. The performance on 2nd and the new 3rd gen sticks are good (the 1st gens were a bit underpowered). Much cheaper than replacing compute sticks.
For me, it's studies and opportunity to work on something good and not just be support large companies and their badly in need of update systems. You see, even the best colleges in India mostly focus on theoretical aspects of IT and while having theoretical knowledge is not bad what they should be focusing on in more modern and practical knowledge. It's fucked up when after 4 years of your degree studies all they've done is write basic loops and stuff in like 4 languages. 

Not to mention how colleges and universities in India actively discourage having a part time job or using technologies you've learnt by yourself outside of college in your projects.

And yes government is a big reason too. I'll not go deep in that topic cause I really don't want to get political over here.
Mumbai, I've booked top row a day in advanced via bms multiple times. For star wars and justice league recently and multiple times before that too.
It depends, for me Netflix, Amazon prime and 2-4 month of hotstar subscription every year has replaced TV.
Try the new Firefox it's not that bad. Opera on other hand....
Every time Qualcomm releases a new processor, it's like 2x faster 4x efficient and 6x better at certain tasks but even then smartphones using them have random stutters and heat issues. Qualcomm is one of the biggest the reason I might move to iPhone for next upgrade.
I don't think we need peak performance improvements that much. If they can be more power efficient than snapdragon and have more consistent performance plus longer update cycles, they'd be great.
So kinda like subway and regular taco Bell combined?
> well done

You wouldn't eat a bear now, would you?
Because"UX". The app that is trying to play the song requests all other sources to pause before it can start.
It's good and it works... Until it doesn't.
While js is slow it can run on some pretty slow processors just fine. It's dom rendering that takes the massive computing power
Good human
Number 8 will give you chills
DOS time application had a philosophy of just throw everything at you. Good if you know what you are doing but bad if you are new. Most windows XP/2000 software was ment to change that. Now it could've been good but as it always happens, people fucked up and for compatibility sake everyone is still working with those stuff.
Their data mining is really good
Didn't like what happened. They didn't explain what happened to everyone.
Needs more jpeg.
You're better off booking a conference office in co-working space. If it's on weekdays and they don't have anything on schedule, it's usually very cheap.
About 70% of systemd is not specifically init related. You just need systemd as pid1. Everything else is niceties thrown in.
That shows up when I connect my ipad to my older laptop. If I leave it untouched for hours, it charges – barely, but it does.
It doesn't make much difference u less you are playing games actually. even with my S8 on 1440p I don't see any significant difference compared to 1080p. It's secondary phone so maybe using it as primary might have some difference. On Xperia Z5 and XZ Premium you can force 4k and it doesn't make much difference in battery life. As far as making a difference, you can see it being better when comparing directly but for daily use, even 720p does good
It's mostly Netflix and other streaming and backup. Netflix and YouTube take a significant chunk.
His uber driver's name was Jesus. Not his.
Unlimited option and my parents use about 5-6TB a month.
But that is unfair to my tenEightyPee screen!
Approaching 10k
9k now. Including me.
I like that it's different. Most other"succesful on TV" sitcoms are a bunch of friends that for some reason are always together and don't have anyone else outside of that group that they really care about.
You can try it yourself. Same or similar hardware with all the usual accesories and a 5K display.
I have seen people say that snapchat has lot of in between ads but I rarely get that. Unwatched Stories are above those featured part and are clearly distinguishable. And with the new update you don't even need to go to the right section. Yes there are ads, never denied that.
I guess so. Instagram which has same features apparently uses camera2 API. I haven't used camera API but I guess I will be looking into it now.
Those "featured" shit. I know they are ads but I those used to be below all the unwatched stories and I didnt watch them. Now with stories being moved with chats I don't even use the right part. (Im in beta and I have that update for couple of weeks now). It shows one after 4-5 stories but never after individual snaps. Still a lot less than every third post on Instagram. I never said snapchat doesn't have ads, I said they are clearly distinguishable from regular stories unlike on Instagram.
You mean "Fork" I lost it
Somehow "Netflix original" outside US of A
It's not that bad. Watchable. Good new show when everything running is just older "used to be" good shows being run to ground or shit new shows.
I haven't looked into camera API but it provides the ability to zoom live and take high quality photos without adjusting if I am not misinformed.
Using both platforms, Instagram doesn't feel that personal. It's full of ads and brands. Snapchat, especially with the new update feels much better to use IMHO. Not to mention that snapchat has improved quite a lot on Android in past few months and looks like they are working on it. Instagram o. Other hand is turning into crashy and buggy piece of shit with all the things they are adding.
Thunderbolt. With their USB-C push, it's an key part. And current amd cpu don't support TB.
Granted this isnt upgradable, similar spec'd pc with 5k display would cost much more.
On tablet or the helicopter?
Want to wipe out the town? First you need to install this update.
A. You never “owned” windows. You signed a agreement to license it for personal use under their terms ever since there was MSDOS.

You can easily postpone updates. Windows waits for 2 weeks before nagging you to reboot. And if you don’t have a spare 10 minutes to install updates then there is a different larger issue there. And windows never just reboots. It will remind you that it needs to do that and will always allow you to cancel it. Also while it’s an issue for small percentage of power users, it’s a good thing that Microsoft is forcing patches to all devices. We don’t want millions of unpatched devices out there.
Have your tried restarting all three at once?
They are pretty quick IMO
Nova is the first app I ever bought and would gladly pay again.
Hit the gym
I don't care if this can reach 1/100th of my internet speed. On. ADM it doesn't allow multiple streams
Amazon has been working on its own delivery network for a while now. If I order anything off of Amazon, it's more than likely that it will be delivered by "Amazon seller services".  Plus just due to the sheer amount of packages by Amazon , I wouldn't be surprised if UPS and others had runs/fleets just for Amazon packages
It's possible technically. It's just the question of does Comcast does it. I guess not. But who knows.
Meanwhile I enjoyed an $50 equivalent of credit the last time when installer was 15 minute late for modem upgrade. I can't imagine living in good ol' US of A.
I have a similar (Vaio Fit) model. Great laptop except for the display lid cracking at the joints.
Observant entry.
No Sony isn't. But Sony presents itself as phones for power/media users. If they kill it, it signals that even high quality media should go wireless
Worst human
Hahaha. Had my momentums replaced 6 times in span of a year because of the shitty wire. I wouldn't call it top notch. Those guys admitted that it was a known issue the first time I replaced them. Now I just go in there, give them the old one and get a new one. They don't even inspect the pairs.
No they are not. I've tried Mi3 and mi5. Both of which were shit.
Reddit disappointed me for the first time today. Why doesn't this exist.
Most likely a virus. But if OP was in Seattle, Microsoft was pretty influential in that area even back then. They could've worked out with local providers so beta testers could get free connection.
Technically AMP is just a standard/specification for very light pages. Google will automatically cache it and serve it to users. Kinda Similar, but not same.
By default, I think so. You can disable (skip) that though.
Macs are very similar. Sierra to high sierra took time because it was converting the file system.
Pretty sure XB1X is custom chip with Polaris graphic card design
For regular Joe keep first party and maybe google, Facebook and other "trusted" services. Disable others.
I'd say just run tron script like every month or so.
The built-in album app (Sony) works for me. I also opened it with solid explorer. That works too. Google Photos too shows detailed exif these days I guess.
Most places in very south Bombay actually. I'd say go scout the area first if you can.
I have tried Dell support a while back and it was decent. Lenovo sucked.
Nope. Education, Enterprise edition (and windows S) are versions designed for environment where the owner is an organization.

On other versions of you don't connect to internet, it actually defaults to local account.
The story page and chat works beautifully but camera (and maps) stutters on iPhone 8 Plus and on iPhone 7 (that's the two devices I've seen it on).
You forgot "not a dad but...."
Everyone has one.
11TB this month for me.
Internet prices are a bit uneven here in India (depends on the place) but these are too high. I pay $15 for unlimited 150 down 15 up. I get close to 250 down and 50 up.
Unless you don't want to disable connection to Microsoft's servers, running everything does no harm.
And my God is it the worst. Plus the area near growels. Also shot thought that weird 3 in one out thing for station road was good. If you get stuck there it's easily an hour plus to reach Thakur village. It's easier just walking (and I've tested that.)
Outside of US steady, if XZ1 is any indication if would be priced better. I can buy new XZ1 64GB dual with fps and good sw updates (unlike us) for $600. Not bad IMO when the note is for $1400+
Camera software. I've shot some really great images and the hardware is certainly capable of amazing things. It's the shitty software that holds it back. If only they could have a better software.
Keep some bazels Sony. I hate the miniscule bazels on S8
It runs like garbage on iOS too. It stutters on my friend's iPhone 8 plus too.
Just timed it on my XZ. 4~6 seconds to take a picture.
Still is.
Snapchat works better on my phone than play music app. Xperia XZ and galaxy S8. Snapchat has gotten considerably better in recent months. It also isn't that "optimised" for iPhones. It even makes my friend's iPhone 8 Plus stutter regularly. It's much better experience though
Huh. Never had that problem. If it shows the icon in the bar, enter will trigger that. To change, up and down arrow.
I hate it when it does that
Search never worked right for me in 7. It was good with 8.1. search works fine when it works in 10 but that is it doesn't get stuck at searching or app store suggestions.
For standard edition is just a "use local account" button at the bottom. Yeah, not the default but I wouldn't call it jumping though hoops either. As do linking with edu domain, that's what education/S edition is for. Admin can have control of your device.
Firefox works if I'm not wrong
Windows indexes executables. It doesn't indexes the C:/Windows folder by default.
You do realize the only information he'd have access to is general information unless he gets a job for the government or a contractor to government. And those information is available on the fucking internet. And NK does have internet. Plus they'd place spies more carefully in the society rather than put on a show like that.
So you're telling me that is not how it works?
Slashdot..... Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
As a developer I hate these Chinese rom "optimize" the most. Users use these optimizations and complain about shitty apps when apps do not function properly. I'd recommend using something greenify instead but in ideal conditions, nothing.
And hungry me first thought it was caramel coated power strip from some kitchen
/r/evenwithcontext
F
Wow. Unicorn customer, understanding management, competent coworkers, OP you've hit a gold mine!
The key to open the door is on the door
I have 2.5TB cap that is rarely enforced (and no extra cost or cutoff, speed is reduced to 50Mbps after that) and I still find that limiting.
$45 a month is $40 too much for that plan.
PS3 actually supports it if I am not wrong
There is no single place. You have level3, cogent, hurricane electric, Vodafone, tata, Airtel, and a few other big players that each connect into each other's network. Then the smaller players connect into either one of them (mostly smaller ISPs and businesses) or multiple of them (bigger ISPs) at multiple places. Then you probably might have more smaller players (local/city wide ISPs) plugging into these mid layer providers. Some mid level providers even connect to each other (peering) Your internet traffic can be on a different network than that of your ISPs peer network and it will connect to it using upstream connection.
Don't know why but whenever I read anyone talk about "full-form" or "internet" I think "internet network".
Many schools and colleges are moving to Google docs. And even with word you probably require internet for research.
These days you need internet for documentation and most of my interest / project these days demand an internet service.
India.
I'm moving back.
It's not F# level but it's certainly lot better than java. What I hate about Java is the verbosity while sometimes (rarely) helpful usually gets in the way a lot.
Nope
Here, mostly all ATMs are operated by banks. Others are in partnership with some bank and are very rare. Plus it shows the balance at as part of your transaction. So it will show you balance of you make a withdrawal, or even if you just insert the card sometimes
Probably from Australia
Sue those bastards
That's it, I'm moving to Australia
That turned up to 11 real quick.
Enable DRM.
WTF. How is that even possible. US banking system is really shitty I guess
Systemd-blame
Not webview as in it loads some site. I guess I should have said "written using web technologies". Kinda like all those Electron apps but it used something different under the hood. Proprietary implementation of an older webkit I guess.
Isnt the steam app itself a webview?
Meanwhile my government thinks it's a national security issue so no street view for us.
You two, get off my castle.
The 4K displays on Z5P and XZP are 800+ ppi
Not to offend anyone (there are many good Chinese companies, DJI for example) but many Chinese companies are known for having bad support and Service.
An amazing technology water on Snapchat filters.
I would buy one in an instant if Pixel 3 is nexus 4 with modern specs.
WTF did I just read?
Xiaomi phones, rarely if ever get actual Android version updates. It's just the MIUI skin updates.
Coke.
No, it was the cop who shot Snickers
!isbot Njs41
Depending how it was configured and if she had roaming profile, she could've just inserted the username and password and it pulled her profile.
2. *Unless you use Windows Phone*
Linux can get "complicated" if you want to customize it to hell and stuff but these days Linux "just works" on most hardware, especially a bit older hardware. Just install Ubuntu and for web browsing and these days even for gaming, its more or less like Windows. Better even.
I love living in France.
This. Even without Disney, Netflix still has many good titles.
Depends on people I guess. Formals just make me sweaty and lazy and tired and uncomfortable
The problem is that it's rare that this works and shouldn't be used as an example. Companies and cities/states are "going green" because it looks good and is actually getting more viable option these days. Most states/cities shouldn't have done so if there was lesser or no media attention on this topic. It's was easy for them to do so. Upheld current standards (don't change anything) and you get free press.
I second sync
I'm out of loop here, 75hz issue?
Because you can't use features on razer keyboard without an account. Also forcing you to use their horrible suite.
Even without ad blocking and other stuff, it's very rare to see an attack vector where you can execute malicious arbitrary code without user action. Mostly it will just crash the application. And if you insist on running that suspicious "file_downloader" then there isn't much an antivirus could do. Users just end up disabling the av or adding it to exception.
Gaming snake. Not RGB though. 2 stars.
X-post to /r/getmotivated
I'm just starting out but I love C#. Will take it any day over java. C# can be used in other platforms too but it's hard to implement outside Microsoft platforms (Windows environment/azure) though not impossible. That situation will only improve. If you want to target Windows desktop or even apps (with xamarin) then C# is a nice option.
Or so you think. It's not like they are busy improving their program or helping active customers.
I too remember them being missing not long ago
Well you aren't!
Pickup line gone wrong
I disagree with you.
Basically everyday. Just regular things like topics are never covered, yet the staff in sting that they covered it. TS going all out and literally saying that the college would side with them even if they made a mistake and college actually siding with them. 
With Ubuntu wait a month before upgrading. Most issue are fixed by then
It's certainly not the best but it's the best superheroes genre TV show right now.
It was good till season 3. Should've ended on S4.
It's shitty after first couple of seasons
Globally, yes but in India both have "root and it's void" policy.
I still haven’t done much reading on it but isn’t there one variant that affects APs too?
Sony updated older Z series devices until Google wouldn't certify them but dropped z5 for Oreo. Sony was never keen on supporting Z5 series for some reason.
Actually, Sony is one of the best option when it comes to patches. All X series phones are getting patches same week (or in 2 weeks) and Z series (Z3 and above) are a month behind.
Wow. That luxury of having 4 tabs open. Must feel like heaven
Limited options. I'm moving to Azure!!
Can't wait to see this posted in /r/writingprompts
If you want to jack off
Until someone dedicated enough writes a script to request the html, parse the unique link and request that without ever requesting the content twice.
These days if I recommend someone a pizza, I would be called a fucking pizza consultant.
The only thing random in programming is number 4. Everything else has a reason or an explanation
Put me in restaurants and I can make the richest man poor.
And you have your own personal urinal in school. Well played sir.
- Every sitcom ever
16 year old talks are the best. They don't make any sense and looking back, are hilarious AF.
That gcc number seems too low.
your company needs you!!! the'd do aanything to keep you. even buy out the company ou go to! Isn't that amazing..
3840 × 2160
ive never ever seen any .xps files in wild.
restart a service and reboot the device. I guess...
Office is available for macOS, android and iOS too. So thats possible. Backwardly (is this even a word?) possible.
Redhat 6 (w/o any updates) for server management. I guess we are not doing that bad either.
git revert to before user was born.
Need those to run karmacourt
Open Network Master race
That works against uglifierd Js. Cool tool. Unfortunately with minified code these days, it's hard to understand what's happening. I remember when I stared learning js years ago, I had basic knowledge of C++ and would open and try to understand and reverse engineer features and stuff from other websites.
I use webpack (or gulp task) to manage my code. It's rare to find webdev using IDE (and even rarer to find someone using IDE that's not webstorm). 

How's the embedded development? I'm interested in learning about it? What platforms do you develop for? Custom chips or for Arduino and RPis? What's your workflow like?
Dammit. It's fucking minified. I know it's a standard practice and I myself do that but I expect websites to serve unminified files for some reason. That's how I got started with js.
WebGL and not just css and js. That's even more amazing
Hats off to the person that did the css.
* legible handwriting
/r/assholedesign
What I want. Watching even before recording
But if you are whitelisting/blacklisting entire domains and not just specific parts of it, why does the filter have need its own certs?
Nobody can saperate my pizza and fanta.
I had that feeling when I read that reloading it was quick.
That's just...... wrong
It's true for everything...
This happened to me too. kinda. I either understood the thing sompletely (the part that we were required to understand if not the complete subject matter) or nothing at all. It never happened that i understood it somewhat and had questions. Even with concepts now it the same. I either understand it pretty good or not at all.
Exactly the reason I don't have friends.
Reddit is my prefered way of procrastination
And that kids is how you get your PlayStation in your own room. Well played.
Base model older generation iPad would've costed same if not lower. Just sign in with same account.
I use my PC for a lots of things and as a server so that thing rarely goes down (other than once or twice a month for updates) my laptop boots in about 5 seconds so that thing I shut down if I don't plan on using it for more than couple of hours
I use floppy disks as coasters. My dad had shit tonne of them (I'm 19 so they were more or less out by the time I had old enough to use Computers)
True. Bureaucracy is bad here.
Amazon/Ebay sells the European models as well if I am not wrong. Warranty might be an issue but otherwise there is no hassle with it. I really don't understand you Sony is deliberately fucking up US launches. I used to be a nexus user but now if I am using Android I'm sticking with Sony. I have an S8 (also fully unlocked) too and while it looks nice, i still reach for my XZ (the one with 820) because it is more responsive and feels faster.
That's the real issue now. We have plants capable of producing electricity to power more homes but no proper way of distribution. These plants just sit idle when people are without electricity on the other side.
Start with alternative tab switcher, dash to dock, screenshot resizer. Those are the essentials imo. Not on my laptop currently but I'll send you the list ~~layer~~ later :-)

Edit: Later not layer :-P
With gnome and exts, my desktop is more functional than windows will ever be. Yet when it comes to development the first thing i open is terminal.
Never settle- for less information
/r/indianpeoplefacebook is leaking again.
Why the hell does YouTube even displays ands on your own video if you are logged in?
Didn't read the title and spend about 4 minutes staring at the Duracell packaging. I am dumb
Doesn't work on Reddit site too. Works on gfycat website though. 

**Device information**

    Sync version: 14.4 (final final beta)    
    Sync flavor: free    
    Removed ads: false    
    
    Device: F8332    
    Model: Sony F8332    
    Android: 8.0.0
Makes me want Gordon Ramsey voice for GPS.
Even during this conference, they were taking a jab at how they dont descriminate depending on size and both phones have same features. But the Pixel doesnt have the larger/taller screen/aspect ratio. And if everyone is adding 2 cameras on back, next year google will too.
It's true with a lot of music instruments and recording gear. I have a saperate drawer just for these things.
Yup. After tapping yes. It shows the number on the device and i have to tap same on my phone. Doesn't happen often though.
Hmm.. what modems do comast and others provide stateside? Must be a rebrand of some company right? My ISP here gave me Cisco modems that I've been using for about 5 years now. The ventilation isn't that good for it to be honest so it's always running warm. (I need to fix it I know.) But that thing never gave me any problems. Currently it's uptime is somewhere around 6 months.
Nothing. Just pointing out that shitty people are the reason that people can't have nice things.
POST
pkill fortune
That's why I said the grid is bad in many places. Specially northern India.
Their logic being: they are big and they fuck us over. That's the reason we can't have nice things. Amazon used to have no question asked returns here in my country but due to people abusing it like hell they stopped that.
Insurance on phones and other devices are through third party here. Once the policy was changed to replace with same device if affected and extend the time user uses that device, that dropped down quick.
He actually used Bing to search that
Did you mean: *Benedict Cumberbatch*?
Emacs + systemd
Windows XP. PERFECTION
It used an unsigned int. Unsigned int8 goes from 0 to 255. 1 - 2 is 255.
Valve would prefer spending more, finding lame excuses for not fixing bugs rather than fixing it.
The problem was that vista required very powerful hardware. Plus they changed the driver model and vendors weren't ready for this. Vista has bugs too but they were fixed by SP1. I remember reading on a Microsoft blog (or maybe it was someone from Microsoft on twitter. I'll find and edit in the li k here.) that the difference between vista (w/ current updates at that time) and 7 were smaller than between 8 and 8.1 but by the time u came around, Microsoft had improved the backward compatibility layer by a lot and worked with vendors to provide drivers for new driver management model. Plus people were starting to get more modern hardware which made vista performance better.
iOS has several bugs but that's intentional for location services. Android has been doing this for years now too. If you disable wifi & bluetooth, on Android and now on iOS it will in scanning mode but wont attempt to reconnect (or connect) to a network or device.
Fucking used car salesman. They would even advertise large dents as anti-theft "features".
It's the same with PlayStation. Also Chromecast did that for a long time. I guess they finally added remembering multiple networks sometime ago because it automatically connected to my home Network after a trip few days ago. Many printers and IoT devices too will remember only one WiFi network.
Linus tech tips (one of the more popular youtube tech channel) [covered this](https://youtu.be/as_pm43IjJQ) recently. Its actually not that bad.
We have powerplants that can power them, we have decent-ish grids. But there are plants being underutilized while others are being overworked. While the grid is good in most places, it's old and in shambles in other, specially rural areas. I guess this project is just to bring them up to the standards.
I grunted knowing that I have to bundle it.
Yeah. Their network is good. Support & service depends on region. Its nice in my area.
In short - supporting chinese skinned devices is a headache. It messes with android system too much. Applications don't work properly because the system doesn't behave in standard way.
And you make lives of us developers a living hell by doing that. While I do support phones being cheaper, most Chinese OEMs can die in hell. They don’t update the core platform instead hide behind regular skin updates and their skin usually breaks everything. Missed notifications? App not working right? The answer 95% of time is blame your crappy Chinese OEM. But we have to support them due to their volume. They are just everywhere these days. 
I’d actually upvote you if your comment wasn’t so strongly worded. I agree with you on some points. On android side try Sony. They really have got their shit together with software. I know the fingerprint doesn’t work stateside and updates aren’t as consistent as rest of world but I’d suggest getting an European / Asian model. 
a. Yes apple makes better processors. 

b. Yes optimisation is not that simple when you are using an off the shelf OS and components. Plus when you are on schedule. 

c. Nope. Performance difference is not that drastic.  It’s a myth that jack and Jill makes thing slow. It’s not native but very close. Problem is that compare to iOS devices, single thread performance on android devices isn’t there yet (along with a few other issues).
True. But also the problem is that while couple of years ago I’d bash apple for not having all the features, today it isn’t missing any crucial feature that I want. Android too is mature and a good OS but the only main big problem is that even with all this hardware you have phones rom Samsung that aren’t optimised and doesn’t take advantage of the said hardware. OEMs like Sony who are actually making good phones and providing good/timely software updates are rare and not as big. And even then everyone is handicapped by market precedents and Chipset manufactures like Qualcomm and mediatek. Samsung is in position to change it due to their market, capital, them using their own chips but they aren’t doing that. 
a. Not everybody is comfortable flashing custom roms. If you have nexus, gen 1-3 Moto, a Snapdragon Sony device or Xiaomi (the older ones) you could get a stable-ish custom rom but other devices are nowhere near that. People generally just want to use their phone and expect it to be updated, nobody wants to fiddle around with it to get a custom rom running. Yes nexus 4 has Oreo but without driver binaries optimised for Oreo, the performance and stability isn’t what it could’ve been. (Also, thanks for letting me know. The N4 has been my favourite phone. Will flash the rom and check it out later). 

b. I used to go bananas with custom roms and mods back when you needed root even to just properly profile an app during development. But now with my XZ, I really see no reason to root. Nor do many other people.
Neither does Snapdragon phones. If your phone gets slower after a while, its either an app or your OEM doing half arsed job.
A security update i'd guess. which is nice. S6 is all Exynos and no Snapdragon if I'm correct so Samsung could provide updates to it a lot longer.
"should be"? Probably. But as one person developer it's extremely hard if not impossible to write custom implementations of all the features for backward compatibility. Plus certain features might use certain OS APIs that older version of OS just didnt provide. Its true on all OS. On windows (& other desktop systems) you could bypass certain things and have a much larger custom Stack to handle stuff but due to the locked down nature of phone OS, that's just not possible. Like until google added the printer API all apps that wanted printer support had to bundle tonnes of stuff. Plus you had to pair every app to printer. Now with printer API in 4.4+ you could just hand the job over to system and the system will take care of everything for you. Twitch for example has PiP view on Android with a custom implementation. It draws an overlay with the video currently too much work and too much code bundled to enable it. If it was an oreo+ only thing, it could be hella lot simpler.
But the note 4 is a galaxy. It says right in the name. Samsung Galaxy Note 4 

On Android sides sony has some really great optimization. I use XZ and s8 and my XZ outlasts s8 by more than a hour sot. Standby is no contest too.
Hathway & LCO. mumbai
What about countries where carriers don't control your phone though? AFAIK updates through carrier are a thing only in US, Canada, Australia and a couple of other countries.
Kinda. Apple is really innovating with their processers while with Snapdragon I feel my phone runs hotter every update cycle.
Sony had nougat beta for Z3 before Google added restrictions on Google services requirements that the z3 didn't pass. It ran smooth on it. Plus you have custom roms on phones and they run smooth.
The iPhone 4S and 5 had it bad. But even with iOS 11, iPhone 6 is not bad.
I've been using the XZ for about a year now. I've also suggested my friends sony for long before. And the performance has been asking. I know many people hate on Sony because of the front bazels but I don't mind it. Plus it has got stereo front facing speakers. Plus the fact that it gets updates early is an plus.
As much as everyone wants more cores, the fact is untill apps start doing proper multicore, having 10 cores is not something to brag about. Having one core with more IPC on single core is. And truth is, Apple's A series core does that. Same thing happened with AMD. They bet big on multicore revolution but it failed. Meanwhile Intel improved single core performance and was the winner. Ryzen now has bigger focus on single core too. On a phone , as of even now. 4 cores is more than enough.

One way to utilize the cores is to distribute different processes across different processors but on phones you don't have that many processes that must be running concurrently. And OEMs always choose small battery life improvements of aggregating processes on lesser cores and keeping some of them off to more performance. So unless you manually change that (with Root's permission), there is nothing you can do.
You can only update apps and add certain smaller features through app updates. Features like multi window, improved RAM & cache management, systemeide support for codecs, network stack updates etc are not possible using play store as of now. Certain APIs cannot be emulater with just an usermode application. Also there is the whole security update aspect. But my point wasn't that. It was that Qualcomm just refuses to provide binary for newer versions of android. Shina for them are just hacky techniques that make the system as a whole less stable. The Linux way of handling drivers is to blame here somewhat but the main offender are chipset and other sensor/parts provider and OEMs themselves. Project treble should ease the situation but it's not a fix.
The SD835 is not even a year old. What do you mean. The internals of iPhone is faster than the best internals you can get in an Android device
Generally carriers dont care about usage on unlimited plans outside US, chanda and Australia
Call vodafone and say you want to port out. Thell hook you up with something good for 6 month. Rinse & repeat.
I have youtube open for music in background and it always selects 4k. 5-6 hours of that every day.
India has good ones too if you find them. I have 100 down unlimited. Real unlimited. No caps.
I'd kill my ISP guys if they ever throttle me.
Wifi can easily manage double that. My wifi connection reaches 10 MegaBytes per second easily.
Read the article. The benchmarks for many cross platform tests are standardised usually. Even compared to x86 platform.
Name one.
Note 8 just came out. In fact it isn't even launched in all countries yet.
My problem is Qualcomm is sitting on its ass and every phone in market now has their chips. That is except for Exynos and Kirin which are in the same performance range too. If you want that performance, you gotta get an iphone.  Plus the updates. Why are 95% of all android phones not even getting 2 years of upgrades?
Image is edited and different lens. That's why things looks closer and bigger.
diss youl. What up Henry
I too dont lreally ike the new ones that much. The older ones were good.
I shouldn't have any problems getting top grades with my writing then.
/r/hailcorporate 
/r/Indianpeoplefacebook is leaking 
Taylor swift I’d imagine. Everyone loves TayTay but nobody wants to admit it.
Not sure if sarcasm or....
This. I've had Uber drivers call me and ask to cancel. Later I realised they had option to cancel.
We have it good here in Mumbai. Was in Bangalore last year and it was a shit show.
Think a year.
With this, there might be a port for other sony devices with similar board soon.
> he still emails me about the $3.50 I owe him for lunch.

you don't mess with a person's lunch.
The `right to be forgotten` in EU is something just like this. Nothing in non-EU nations as of yet that i know of. Including the US.
The endless cycles of repost will get to you... . . . eventually.


Best way to stress test!
That's disturbing. Hope he got some help.
Hotter than sun's surface (or Microsoft surface. With Intel chips, doesn't make any difference).
I wouldn't be surprised if Oracle moved to torrent installers for free products to save that little server cost
Him winning would've been fun too..
Reading this, I realised that if I had a dollar for everytime I thought to myself "if I had a dollar for everytime..." I'd be ~~rich~~ still poor.
How can people blame the driver? Being a kid doesn't make everything that happens to them 100% other person's fault.
As someone pointed out, some countries have laws which means you can overstay rent and not get kicked out easily. That makes it worse for landlords.
Not much Microsoft can do unless they licence the whole x86-64 from both Intel and AMD and virtualise it. Something they are just now working on along with Qualcomm. You needed apps to be compiled for ARM to run on RT devices. 

Also yes, Microsoft didn't market the difference between both of them enough and the fact that they tried to match them visually made it worse.
They do charge off the port is PD compliant or one of the charge ports. It does it on MacBooks and some others. (Charges through my Vaio but not my ideapad).
Should've use arch. /S
Microsoft made quite a lot of improvements with win8 under the hood plus had goals to make it fast enough for ARM devices. (Remember RT?) With win10 that all went down the drain.
Also, internet explorer
If i play in advance, credit history shouldn't affect it.
If i ever had to get a bionic arm, id make sure it has an preset for that. No work!
Now that's an non food Instagram account id follow.
If military is a concern, we can have an exception for them. But IMHO even military needs to have their software publically available. Maybe a delayed release with 8~18 year offset would be a good compromise for critical systems. That way military can keep software private for some time but they know they have to eventually release it to public.
I'm fairly sure even Microsoft doesn't know what telemetry they are collecting. It's just getting written to drives in their data centres never to be seen again.
These days things more or less just work. I had problem with my Bluetooth being flaky with default drivers (that's Broadcom for ya!) but Installing Broadcom driver proprietary makes it work just fine. Other than that, smooth af. Hell, I actually need to manually install and edit stuff on windows.
Uh..... I see it's working fine.
For day to day usage, there is nothing to learn if you go with mint or Ubuntu. Installation process is literally keep clicking next till you land on desktop.
Saperate the desktop process from file viewer. That helps.
Storage manager "tries" to speed up performance by "intelligently" retrieving files it thinks some process might need to ram. Also cache some data to ram while writing and store it in blocks.

Not the fact that I have seen zero improvements with it running is an entirely different thing.
Those are diagnostic packages, kinda like apps on your UEFI. Not actual UEFi update itself.

Also its generally not recommended to update bios/UEFI unless you are having issues or want a feature it enables.
A desktop environment.

I hear systemdOS is making it their default environment.
Dwm is worse.

K?
We have too many humans. Dolphins, not so much.
I said that because nobody else i know likes it. I've never seen anyone who likes it. to me, bottle gourd ruins everything.
Back when spying on citizen actually helped citizens.
How? I hate it
I get that for having 200Mbps down in my country
The great saying: Try again till you fail
So you are saying OP can still eat this bun??
Well that's weird. Even PS3 supported by headphones
You can change it in settings
These days everyone has proper ways to unlock and root device. But google's safety net makes it bad.
I don't know about you but I rarely get ads on my cc. On phone I see ads for every video I play.
Because YouTube app sucks. It shows ring while buffering for some reason
Mine doesn't beep. I remember my nexus had beeps on ringer volume but my XZ doesn't.
Good bot
Maybe a precursor to display failure? I had similar thing happen with my nexus 4. The display would stop responding intermittently and reboot would somehow fix it for some time. Then the display just stopped responding.
I wouldn't use react if facebook doesn't want to French with from patents. Angular for me.
I wouldn't say it was poorly produced. To someone who doesn't know anything about Marvel but still wants superhero tv shows, it fits fine. But yeah. It seemed like the bases was formed by someone who just read the wikipedia article last minute.
Git HARD
Totally expect that from a fucking assole lawyer
Its a common known bug on the reddit app for both Android and iOS. The app doesn't properly handle errors for no subreddit.
I would've somehow taken away the new one from $ow2 and gave her what she had. The windows vista one.
Exceptions: That's good error handling strategy.
You used same wallet for 40 years? Mine don't last more than 2. Maybe 3. But then I really cheep out on them so maybe that's the case.
I've played a bit of battlefield and MW but other than that and RL, don't really play realtime multiplayer.those game have real good ping for me on Asian servers. RL has sucked for me since I got it but I like that game.
Yeah. 800ms ping in real life would suck. Literally unlivable
Happens too often to me. Hit the ball, about to score and BAM! The ball is gone.
This has been an issue for me for quite a while now. Not RLs fault, my ISP (or one of their upstreams) is to blame here. The worst thing was that it would fluctuate a lot. Going down to sub 100 and then jumping to around 1000. Would make gameplay really bad. I played a short session a couple of weeks ago and noticed it wasn't going above 500 so seems like it's partially fixed.
Yes. But needs software support
That's not 4K. That's 2x1080
My ping can reach 800 in RL. (Other games work fine. Just RL. I guess it's fixed now but I haven't played RL for days.)
Zen is the architecture, ryzen is the actual product branding you idiot shit automod.
This. The only way to get a company to do something is Twitter. If they don't respond even there, it's a lost cause and you should cut all ties and move on.
That's europe
You know what really bugs me? THE FAXT THAT YOU HAVE 200 FUCKING LIGHTS IN YOUR BEDROOM.
Most of my relatives still have the turn on the modern when you want to use it. Turn it off later mentality. Plus everyone for some reason has dsl. Its a pain visiting them.
1.9
Good Bot
With that thing running I'm sure water evaporates even before touching the servers. Hell it would be gone as soon as you enter the ~~room~~ Earth's core
Well at least you have a Trello board and not a huge mailing list.
No soup for you!
It's your personal Google.

It's just standard hardware with Google logo.
I guess some time before the birth is a good line between choices to the mother and pro-life args
True. We have many internal problems but there's nothing to discount the achievements in country like this one. Let's see what else they do in next few years.
Not everyone in India and pakistan hate each other. Both countries have great achievements and outside of people who just listen to political figures, people are open to knowing more about their neighbour. Sadly there are many people who believe whatever these political figures say blindly. 

Yeah. I didn't really liked out government much previously but this year, they are doing far more and impactful good than bad. Nice, i guess?

Here's to hoping they don't ruin it.
They didn't lie technically. The card had 4GB of VRAM. Its just that the last .5 GB is really slow
UH?
Ubuntu Gnome on laptop. Arch on desktop
You mean systemdOS?

Kidding kidding!!!! I use systemd too...
Underruled! 

I know that's not a thing but I wanted to do it :P
I once got a current year Bravia TV at half the price. And they came through!!
8 ball used to be decent years ago then they added all the crap with cue recharge and stuff
Hell i know more about Whitehouse and people working there in Trump administration than I know about government here in my country
/r/privacy
Me too. I quite liked his character.
Haha international model. Fingerprint reader works for me.
The 4/4S was worst hit IMO. iPhone 5+ have held well over the years
We already have Samsung and MTK. The thing is nobody has a good incentive to keep updating. Plus google in their infinite wisdom has made it impossible to use workarounds.
Constant aa issues, shitty software. Remember when Hotspot wouldn't work for many on production builds? They took more than a month to fix it. And It had simple things wrong. But ofcourse media public is in bed with onePlus praising it no matter what.
My reasons for NOT supporting them;

1. Support, do i even need to mention at this point?

2. What Android version updated did you get?  And mi2cs was a time where they wanted people to return. Look at the phones now 

3. As a developer I can recommend anyone use MIUI. It fucks with the system too much, even more that want Samsung ever did. And I really hate when xiaomi users flood my app with "your app is shit" and "it doesn't wkrm' when i really have no power to do anything. 

4. I had Mi3 and later Mi4 and it wasn't "flagship quality". Battery life was shit. Unpredictable at best. Would usually drain by 1PM without actual any use.
True. The Android market's inability to streach updates for more than 2 (3 at most) is really disappointing. ~3 years update + 4-5 year security patches should be the norm atleast for high end and upper middle range devices. 

Also companies liek xiaomi which more or less never update the core android version brings down the pressure on all OEMs. Thankfully onePlus has been better. Not that they are anything Amazing.

I hear lots of people using iPhones complain about phone getting laggy after 4 or so years but honestly I praise Apple for supporting those phone for such long. I know Apple has less hardware to update and their hardware is closely knit and they know all the Ins and outs but even then. They are doing great with updates.
True. I actually have an XPERIA due to support. Their support has been great. Had issues with my friend's Z2 and their support was good and friendly. Add to that that i am a bit of sony fanboy and viola I have the XZ. I don't really understand what's Sony's problem in US. I hear devices there dont get monthly patches like rest of world. Not to mention fingerprint reader being disabled

I've had nexuses too before. Their support was great too. Got my Nexus4's whole body replaced for about $4 out of warranty
The onePlus One and probably the 2 was almost flagship level. But I can't say that for X, 3, 3T, 5, any Xiaomi devices. The one was a great phone.
My friend has a OPO. Honestly, it was an amazing device irrespective of the price. The thing is the qc on that was harshit horrible. And onePlus' service was no better. My friend has his device with onePlus for about 6 months. And this was when they launched OP2. He was ignored for a month (literally hanging up the phone on him) and later told on face that OPO was not a priority and to come after 3-4 months. His device was returned without fix. And this was within warranty. OP sold the one here for just 4-5 months before launching the 2. So quite a new device.
The problem with companies like onePlus and xiaomi are while their devices are cheap, but

A. Either they are backed by a different division of the company/parent company making lots of profit on a something. 

B. They are running on that startup/VC money. 

C. Being based on china helps. 

D. After sales support is a joke. No matter what onePlus or Xiaomi (or tonnes of other companies) says.

In many countries, the cost of shipment and stocking is swallowed by the resalers. That's the reason onePlus & Xiaomi is exclusive to a online shopping service in many countries. 

Once the VC money starts running out and hey start to realise how unfeasable their strategy is, they increase their prices. Just look at how every Mi & onePlus 'flagship' costs significantly more than others and usually dont drop in price for a long time. With no profits, development & R&D is impossible. Currently each of these companies are more or less riding on development costs from chip manufacturers who work with them to get their chips in more number of devices.
With or fading away slowly but steadily and Edge actually being good. Safari is the new IE.
VS: Taking user personalization to a whole new level.
Backup ta and you are golden
This. I know someone who got onboard with OPO and was literally ignored and told so on face because they were selling onePlus 2 now.
I'm still using the one that came with my Sony earphones. They should be available online on amazon though.
The Sony ones are amazing. I moved to sennehiser and the included one are shit. With the Sennheiser ones I could feel them in my ears. Sony ones felt like nothing inside your ears. I don't know about spinfit's fit. Haven't used them.
Dwarfursion
On sync tapping the image closes it. So technically the button worked for me.
Depends on distro
That happens. Not working on something for a month? You don't remember shit.
I pretty much expect everything here to be dogs and cats. I forget that sometimes humans can do aww-worthy stuff too
They could've had it before it. Some brands register generic words relate to their products often
Good bot
I went straight to that ekwb packaging and then to the 1080Tis
That doesn't even makes sense. Why would they merge in 2 ?
Unless you're using Broadcom or nvidia primus, hardware detection and driver support has been really good for a while now.
I'd contribute to it
Some users notice options missing. I don't know who told me this but, keep the links/buttons. Replace functionalities with error message.
Agree. Most of these call center people are either students working hours for extra money or people who can't get job elsewhere.
Adobe service people usually have accent so thick that even as an Indian, i can't understand them.
Nope. I haven't. But one of my friend who works there happens to know the person that usually interviews people. He shared resume with this guy (just to look at it and provide input) and he was pretty confidant that I would get in. He was happy with me having done all the small projects and highlighting them over certs, courcd and other stuff. Thats why im pretty confidant I would. I wasn't going to even apply thinking I would never get in but them saying that I am a good candidate boosts my confidence, even if I don't get selected.
Works for me

**Device information**

    Sync version: 14.3    
    Sync flavor: free    
    Removed ads: false    
    
    Device: F8332    
    Model: Sony F8332    
    Android: 7.1.2
Username does not check out.
The Android volume slider is functional and discreet enough
More importantly that insane scrubber of theisr can never be used to position accurately.
That doesn't happen to me usually. It keeps the video in memory of it has space available. Throws it away otherwise.
You got banboozled
Priceless
Also is it legally mentioned anywhere what attires are OK and what are not? Or is it just i dont like this kind of thing.
If cpu reaches 100°C+ its probably shutting down/halting to prevent damage. 

What's the difference without the cooling pad?

What's the idle temps with everythig closed down and with basic apps like browser open?
Then that would make even less sense.
I think i know why. My friend has an inspiron 7000 series laptop with same problem. It was overheating. Got a laptop cooler and the problem was no more. 

Go in system logs after crash and check the reason. Might be something else too.
Ofcourse bidens did it better. Plus an signature in ink (even if it is probably by a staffer on behalf) is a nice guesture
Try removing your graphics card and booting off the iGPU. On some mobos it won't post if it can't initialize/read a PCI device.

Try bare minimum boot. Just the primary boot drive or USB device, no dedicated GPU, only one RAM stick & keyboard connected.
I would recommend against travelling with a built system ever. mATX and ITX builds are good to if you really want to travel with it. Plus I'd recommend going full solid state and air-cooled. Just remove the cooler (low profile might be fine just keep your box lying horizontal to reduce stress) & gfx when travelling. It puts stress on your mobo and might risk breaking. If you will be staying in your dorm and would rarely be at home, I'd suggest just kicking it with laptop.

Also what sorta probels is your laptop having? The Dell consumer service won't get you anywhere. They are staffed by Indians just reading off the script who don't know shit about computers (no offence but that's the truth).
They are targetting medium businesses and enthusiast with TR. Chance of that happening is very low. Plus it's pretty simple actually.
Can be. But thing is they don't have the hardware. Maybe with model X and 3 they could have it and enable it in future but i doubt all the model S have it
With automation I want it to do something for me automatically but I still want to be able to control the device on the same level as I used to before automating it. Even if the service itself fails.
That would require the car to broadcast a WiFi or BT signal all the time.
This. If i am using my phone, just swiping down and pausing Netflix stream is convenient but not that convenient as unlocking the phone to do that. I would just use my TV remote for that.
Works every time.
Uh, that closes more than just the session
It's pretty horrifying to think that password management on your shitty weekend personal project is better than the banks.
Doesn't make any sense.it seems like a lot of extra work. Why not just store the ID for creator/admin/whatever they have somewhere else. That way if you have to transfer rights to someone else you can just change it at one place
Why netbeans though?
Eclipse and vs dwarfs those.
There are games that do this.

How is this original?
I would move to float. Extra accuracy in determining people's IQ.
What I always say. The JVM is a piece of programming marvel. The language on the other hand.....
Lambda 

Also known as the dick operater.
Oh, I ment the coming summer next year. For us here summer is almost gone (officially it ended last month) (we use the three season cycle here)
What's Google's fault if their products are widely used. I hate it when they actively trying to force people into their ecosystem but they have great service. Anything other than YouTube (and Netflix, prime video) buffers like hell for me. Why would I put myself through hell to use other services? And Vimeo and other services aren't small company. If they won't peer with my ISP, i can't do anything. And my isp is one of the largest in my country so i am not talking local services. 

Similarly with Amazon, there is another company with half of market share here in my country but because how they treat their customers and because how their service is, i prefer Amazon. (This other company was at google IO this year showing off their updated pwa which is very nice actually.)

Apple these days overcharge for their products too much but that doesn't mean their products are bad. 

Having choices would be nice though. Bing is very good at certain things but it never gave me right results for many things or the result was towards the end of page. If i use it as much as i use google, maybe it will learn but I still can't give up google for anything other than really basic searches
They have other products too. Plus Windows is doing a lot better now. (except for privacy issues).
Games like clash of clan, clash Royale, 8 Ball pool, etc.
I will be starting internship there this summer. I dont really like some things Oracle does but they definately have pushed the industry in many areas. Plus i know a few people working there for some time now and they say it's good
Evan iOS supports external DAC. If you are using WP phones for some reason, most of them too support external DAC
Unless you are using some crappy phone, the dac in recent phones are really good. Take a look at v20 from LG for example. Plus you can connect external dac via USB.
Now, where is my 10 bucks
Songs I truly like and I listen to regularly, I have hight quality flacs if available but for most stuff it's streaming. And once you listen to it most services cache it on phone if these is storage so you don't have to download it again.
Because these days most music is good for a while and then you don't ever listen to it again. Plus with digital streaming you have more options and radio features makes discoverablity easy.
The thing is you don't want to push people very hard.
Bobby fairs
Frankly, IT companies still demanding a degree and overlooking actual projects and experience and knowledge of a person deserve to die. Have they even looked at what is being tought in colleges these days?
I want to see UPI used in more places and evolve. 

I don't want paytm or any other single company that isnt even really a bank to hold all my money.
Yeah. Karela has really short highways but it was amazing. I would visit there again.
The truth is, in some area people WANT to shit in open when there are toilets. Mostly because either they like the old ways or because these toilets aren't maintained
If you're an politician here, you could literally get away with murder.
Here in mumbai Airbnb is not an bad idea.
Things are good if you are in the south, west, east or north east parts of India. Central, north, north west are hell. And I am saying this as an Indian. Really depends on where and at what time are you visiting. I myself dont want to explore northern parts of the country.
As an Indian, i can say delhi & agra are worst. Only thing I remember is being sick there.
Now that's amazing. I haven't used pro recently so I didn't knew that they've added that in.
Yes but it still naga you to update. 

I want Microsoft to have an option to delay updates for upto a month atleast. And it can even just be a powershell command. No need for GUI stuff. What i want is something that isn't tracked on. Something that Microsoft supports
Same with arch users.
Windows 10 does work well if you are able to disable forced updates. I wish microsoft adds the ability to delay updates even longer for power users but for most users who dont bother to update, forced update is a nice thing.
You were never cute. Cute people dont use reddit.
Did you mean really?

[ ] YES  
[ ] NO
Error reading file. Too large
Good bot
Bad bot
IM NOT YOUR FUCKING BOT. Mkay?


Crisis averted. Human doesn't know I am a bot.
Well pictures could include your pictures too.
/r/botsrights
1. Did you copy the efi partition to SSD?

2. Did you try removing the old HDD after cloning and letting it boot?
I've used stripe here in India. You can also use local services for India. Their APIs are quite simple to implement. Just stay away from billdesk.
That looks cool.

Here historically you would be redirected to a 3rd party payment gateway registered with the gov and only they could process charge on your card in the country. Now you have an ID, similar to email address <unique_uname>@<bank/service> and you would recieve an SMS/request in app to accept the charge. Handful of sites are using the new method right now.
But YouTube upvotes are even more meaningless than Reddit upvotes!
Speak for yourself. /u/Jaspersong has 3.
TIL there are more than one numbers of pi
The XB1 is essentially a x86 PC with a custom windows kernel and a few modifications. Its a locked down PC.
Perhaps maybe they mixed stuff up. That freesync monitor was ment to be for the other PC and they wanted to show something that freesync struggles at. (And before you ask me what, i don't know. This is a possible theory)
Just look at the comments Over there. Everyone seems to thing chance single-handedly changed the future for SC
True. On the contrary, clearing out app files from ram would end up making your phone slower if you are opening same app frequently because it has to move the same darn stuff to ram again and again. Plus you are preventing apps from doing tasks it wants to.
*opportunity*
I don't know what i am doing wrong these days but my computer isnt as broken these days
Php? Beautiful?

This is better than those arrays start at 1. Why aren't we funding this enough?
It locked scroll for me. Another site for me to view "what the fuck is this guy doing". Maybe i should start an series myself.
/r/evenwithcontext
/r/botsrights would like to have a word with you.
Fruit Ninja is a useless skill they said
Nice. Meaning apple just requires proof that I legally acquired the device. Sounds about right.
How can we forget Leftpad :)

JavaScript these days isn't that bad if you get used to it but the problem now is the library and framework situation. It's nice that there are options but it's too overwhelming even for someone who works JS fulltime.
Google is really proactive about asking you for your experience and if it had a good experience I want people to see that and even if it's bad then I want people to know that too.
I know nothing about facebook reviews ( i dont use it anymore). But yeah, google places is awesome.
India. Zomato is from here so obviously it's big here. They are also big in Russia some European nations. I saw the Zomato logo at many places in Australia but i don't really know how much its used there.
If i have a copy of the receipt, will apple unlock the device?
> The call queue would max out at 127 callers waiting on hold before customers got a busy signal, and if they made it into the queue

That's memory optimisation gone wrong. Some dev went, eh they will have enough manpower to never go above 100.
What yelp needs is competition and some proper checks. Here we have Zomato and if they tried to pull this shit they would be burried.
JavaScript community here in my city (not in US, in asia) is quite large. I don't think any other language community is this vibrant and large. And we do have quite a few events that are just social gathering and stuff. Plus many people have good social life here
Linux is like this. Its just that on Linux if you are using something just one time and the code is a few lines antwhay, you don't add another dependency. JavaScript loves to add dependencies because we think DRY means you literally never repeat anything. Even if you are not the one who wrote it.
They actually changed how it stored dependencies. Because previously if two modules had same dependencies it would still download them twise for each module. Not everything is stored at a single level.
True. mySQL can be a trouble sometimes
Swift does.
Like not sending the actual content to user in first place? Nah, that makes too much sense
I'm not a huge fan of macs but they used to be great hardware and honestly I'll take macOS any day over windows if games weren't an issue and they started making good hardware again.
But DX11 still wasn't enough in that regard.
Surprised me too. I really want apple to have better Vulcan support because for what it's worth both Mac/iOS and Android supporting Vulcan means a better cross platform support between them. And it will make porting games easier. Opening floodgates to Linux gaming.

But that said Metal API is seriously amazing. They are doing a kick-ass job. With the new external GPU support I wouldn't be surprised if Macs started to capture the casual gaming industry (because of iOS device)
From what I have read this issue is still present in latest builds. May have been fixed though.
Not an active Facebook user either but really respect their tech prowess. They have developed some really great tech.
Now, Who is this layman bloke you guys keep talking about?
It's wonderfull how most British people can talk about just anything and it feels reassuring
Yes
At this point I don't even remember my login password for my personal laptop. Its all muscle memory. They do their job
Why did you take so much time!!!


Ugh. Some people just don't care about family.
Ugh, java
The only reason onePlus needs 8GB is because they can't get their ram management straight. Can't swap them properly? Eliminate reason to swap. 

V20 has less than handlful of boot looping cases and all in early batches.
Even with a reversed display you aren't supposed to see that. And Doesn't look like a vsync problem. Most likely GPU driver update should fix it.
Amazon has backed out from no questions asked - Because people abuse.

If you buy Mid End+ Samsung, Sony, Apple, LG or some other brand you would have a generally good experience but since with new Motos, OnePlus, Xiaomi and other Chinese OEMs, Amazon has everything on themselves (they buy in bulk, any defective piece is on Amazon. OEMs have returns but those are near impossible even for Amazon. And they have to sell these device because even with all their flaws and blatant ripping off people here only buy that.) They will try everything to not have a defective devices get back. 

Call Amazon and don't get off. They will eventually agree to replace.
Watch me
Redownload the app. Either that or you need the arm64 version of the apk.
...as long as those win32 apps are 32Bit, don't touch some of the advanced instructions and aren't very performance intensive.
The ad is not from Google (I mean it's from Google but they didn't put it there). Ask huavei about it.
Still haven't watched it but more likely he will just get fired and won't be given his backpay. 

Most people know what they are getting into. They aren't that stupid.
How stable is Chicago?
Doing something is the reason I left this meme. I don't want to work.
Even sysadmin/devops usually dont usually fiddle with the iptables config
systemd will soon replace everything.
I guess he is implying his OEM never release UEFI updates.

And no, people don't usually update UEFI ever unless there is a security issue or update fixes something that the user wanted.
u/do_ya_like_dags_, who?
Infact it's the best kind of right.
I haven't used heroku either but DO is really simple. Plus they have great docs.
And that old account is also a new Microsoft account.
Just use a password manager for that.
Microsoft knows that outside of local business environments, they have lost the server market. Nobody would want to host their website on Windows if they knew what they were doing and weren't tied down. Microsoft open sourced some of their products and launched it on Linux just because they don't want those products to fail being tied down to Windows. Gaming is mostly either a console thing or a desktop thing. They already dominate PC and are in the top 2 with their console. If for some reason XBOX suddenly declined in sales and went into obscurity in next release, you would surely be seeing Micosoft studios games on PS and Nintendo consoles.
They still air it here to fill empty time because discovery and natGeo has like 8-10 channels between them and obviously don't have content to match.
Depends. If i am traveling, I generally don't. But otherwise it's calming.
Force reinstall the driver from management console
^WTF.

I am not reading that.
Just look at EA or ubisoft. Everyone here shouts don't pre-order and hates DLCs but whenever a new game or DLC comes out there are tonnes of people in this very subreddit that had pre-ordered the game or DLC and complain about it with someone else saying it will be fixed in an update.

Remember when game updates were usually minor bug fixes and optional? They didn't affect the gameplay like it does today? Remember when studios shipped finished games? Remember when there where no launched day patches.

Forget about others. People in here will buy their games when then next come out. Nobody will remember about this in a week or two.
As long as people aren't getting best deal on the airline, yeah they are bad. As soon as united becames the cheapest/only choice people well forget about any controversy.
Jaguar is based on bulldozer AFAIK
The problem with Bulldozer arch was that it was designed thinking mainstream will jump on multitudes see architecture. That never happened.
Adobe media tools and quite a few others use QuickTime to render and raytrace. iTunes comes bundled with QuickTime. That said you can install it saperately and apple has stopped updating QT for windows 


Windows uses the Media Transfer Protocol to transfer data between you phone and PC. MTP is a part of WMF/WMP. Games and other media apps may use codecs and other DLLs from WMF.
M E T A  
E  
T  
A
And I use them liberally here. 

YOU GET SAFFRON


YOU GRT SAFFRON


EVERYONE GETS SAFFRON
Now if this was a DSLR, think of the burn rate of those cameras.
I love photography and while I am not a professional photographer I do it as my own personal passion. What I have as equipment is the bottom end of that you can spend on as a serious photographer. Those lens and stable tripods cost pretty penny. If you want to do low-light, telescopic or sports /anything fast photography then God help you with those prices. And let's not even talk about video production gear. The lences, apart from upkeep are mostly one time purchase but DSLRs wear out after use (one reason why mirrorless is better), tripods get loose and their groves get stripped, meaning they will wobble and shake with winds. Lights have to be replaced (Use LEDs they have much better lifetime and have more consistent lighting). Plus if you do street, wildlife, or something that doesn't involve you being in a studio then there is travel and potentially living costs. Wedding photography is mostly night time and probably indoors in small closed space meaning you have to use wide angle lens. Plus there is editing.
And this is why you need to have a single payer system
True. Only old people use it. 

Source: OP's mom.
Changes in contract would just mean someone editing your account profile and pushing it out to your modem. They just want your money.
Steam UI is crap. They don't even have proper support. The only reason people like it is because of its library/popularity and because people think valve is not as evil as other game companies like ea or ubisoft. They have a cult following
Umm, sorry if I'm being dense but what does DSP mean in world of VoIP?
If your tv supports miracast try that. It has lower latency.
Well I've been loyal to many restaurants and eateries as long as they serve good food. But tech is something I can't be loyal to one store because there always will be some other store asking even less prices.

I've never had problems with Amazon. I rather have Amazon than local shops. Flipkart on other hand....
Well I've been loyal to many restaurants and eateries as long as they serve good food. But tech is something I can't be loyal to one store because there always will be some other store asking even less prices.

I've never had problems with Amazon. I rather have Amazon than local shops. Flipkart on other hand....
Well I've been loyal to many restaurants and eateries as long as they serve good food. But tech is something I can't be loyal to one store because there always will be some other store asking even less prices.

I've never had problems with Amazon. I rather have Amazon than local shops. Flipkart on other hand....
Well I've been loyal to many restaurants and eateries as long as they serve good food. But tech is something I can't be loyal to one store because there always will be some other store asking even less prices.

I've never had problems with Amazon. I rather have Amazon than local shops. Flipkart on other hand....
Well unlike fast food restaurants in US and western Europe McDonald's and other fast food restaurants actually hold themselves to pretty high standards. I have a couple of friends who work as an inspector and one of them actually worked for McDonald's for a few years. They have monthly scheduled inspections with random surprise ones, they also do stuff that many restaurants here don't. They throw away everything at night and one reuse it next morning for example. Its actually better and cheaper to eat at a fast food chain like mcdonalds here rather than a restaurant.
Well then you can't exactly say that everyone can get stuff cheap if it applies only to you. If he dupes all his customers then i and probably everyone else is better off with buying it online. 

I've been to Computer selection at lamington. Definately good if you want to build something in the upper-mid range. Staff is nice too. I remember asking for 970 a few months after it launched and they had same prices as Amazon but with their warranty instead of brand's on some stuff. If I cannot get something on Amazon and and shipping is too costly I usually buy from Lamington but after much research I've grown to prefer Amazon.
They will serve you only when everything from bill is present otherwise they will mark it on the bill and then mark it again when served.
I'll take it for free if you don't like it.
Which City though? Prices for AMD RYZEN were down after a couple of weeks AFAIK. On Amazon, It will default to the oldest seller unless they get multiple bad reviews or they are out of stock. You can get proper prices if you select a different seller. DM me shop name and address if in/near Mumbai
Well the problem AFAIK isn't the graphics card production it's the GPU that AMD (or Nvidia) provides that's low on supply. Even with a "graphic card for mining" your use the same die and even if you remove all the video hardware and save money on licensing for those you'd still require cooling because unlike games crypto mining tried to keep the GPU at full load while games do actually go down in usage.
Usually for the first month yes, but after that you can just select other supplier, and get cheaper price. The "local computerwala"'s purchase wouldn't satisfy Warranty requirements and is usually costlier. Plus they don't have stock till long after.
But at regular prices the RX series is cheaper and there are customisations towards AMD cards.
You mean ASICs?
Not true. There's an chrome extention that allows you to view prices from all Amazon websites. CPUs from Intel for example are only ₹1000-2000 more and still cheap than buying from stores for modern CPUs.
Why is that?
I reboot every month due to monthly security patches.
My mobile carrier says 128Kbps after FUP but it is around 250Kbps. That feels slow. How the hell do you even use 64Kbps?
I wonder what he says about the new ultrabooks, especially the LG Gram and the Acer one.
Legend says not even NSA can track him.
Java is multi-platform. There are tonnes of Java developers here in India. Java was good in past. Java VM is an amazing peice of software even today. But yeah man do i hate java. But the thing is if you want a multi platform software that has good community around it your only other option is python. And it's slooooooow. 

But newer software on Java is rare now and people are moving away. Except for Android that is. (I so wanted to to be another natively supported language. Not kotlin. Kotlin is to Java what scss is to css. Only difference is one is a language other is just a bunch of directives). People are either moving towards fully native or web.
Wasn't USBc on OnePlus 2 out of spec?
My friend got the OnePlus one. It was issue after issue. Even with the refurbished replacement. I mean it's a factory defect. We were there at their service centre on day 3 (yes, they have physical contracts locations in India) and they gave us refurbished. That had issues too. They probably had the phone 80% of the time for first 4 months. OnePlus one launched here quite late and one time the manager at the site straight up told us all work on OnePlus one 2as stopped because they had just launched OnePlus 2 a week ago and wee servicing those customers. Whatever. They then gave him a phone which wouldn't register with any network. And said they won't repair it and we had to pay for it. After a long back and forth he got a working but scuffed up phone almost an year later. That combined with my experiences with Xiaomi makes me uncomfortable with Chinese "Low cost" phones.

I have another friend who got the OnePlus 3. And the software issues it had for the first few months were abysmal. I mention no hotspot? Random disconnects? Phone shutting off? Wouldn't work with Volte on a network it worked before. Plus it took them 1 month to replace the screen (original had a strong purple tint). Plus with these companies Amazon just wants you to work with the company and they don't want to interfere for some reason
And they still push update to 5 year old devices for major security patches. They did that with iPhone 4 or 3GS i guess. That's quite nice actually.
Xiaomi doesn't to security patch. They rarely if ever update android. Its just Miui skin updates.
Same. Love my XZ. [How the fuck they pull this of the small battery is beyond me. ](http://i.imgur.com/UkH2tGH.png). The only charge it got was when I connected it to my laptop to transfer some files. 15 minutes max.
And not an option for US because you have to buy full price there and they disable fingerprint sensor there. For expensive, the XZs 64GB Dual is for $500 and older XZ is for $400 here. Plus they have card discounts and exchange offers here. The XZ Premium is cheaper than S8. The top and bottom bazels design is polarising topic though.
I've been using the XZ for about 9 months now and I am loving it. The only problem is the Speakers aren't loud enough and Sony removed the wrist lanyard holes (that one is a personal thing. I always wanted to have a wrist strap on my phone for some reason and only Sony had it but the first Sony phone I get for my use they fucking remove it). Other than that it's on 7.1.1, current security patch level (monthly patches!!) And the camera is much better than the older ones. Not as contrasty as Samsung but I prefer realistic colors so that's  a non issue for me. And it performs better in RAM tests i personally performed than the 1+3

Sony is really fucking US with prices and disabling the fingerprint reader. the XZ Premium (the new 4k one that is beating the S8 Exynos acc people who can have hands on both) sells at lower price than the S8+ and just $20 above the 32GB S8 model. XZ is around $400 now. 

Most people hate the large top and bottom bezels but I like it as I want something to hold.
I still use my ipad 2 for basic tasks like watching netflix and web browsing. Not heavy tasks but heavy enough. It works fine.
Windows into he other hand: well you gotta reinstall windows.
Better than windows.
Don't retailers provide some sort of coverage plan? Like pay it in 12 months. Since even with getting phone from carrier you are still paying the cost, only you are paying a fraction of it every month instead of upfront.
Its a Android feature actually. And Google could possibly forbid Samsung from removing it. Plus it's a legal protection. Stupid people who'd sue phone manufacturers for hearing loss.
[works fine for me. ](http://i.imgur.com/1vEwPq5.png)

**Device information**

    Sync version: 14.3 (beta 1)    
    Sync flavor: free    
    Removed ads: false    
    
    Device: F8332    
    Model: Sony F8332
What kind of hell are you trying to create there?
Some of these parents in question are newer though. Early to mid 2000s
They stay away from intels proprietary stuff or Intel doesn't care or they pay Intel.
Windows core is already compatible with ARM. They reuse many components in windows mobile 10 actually. They have been unifying things and making it platform agnostic since windows 8
They have money though. Money buys stuff ya know
Oracle and Intel are more or less the same at this point. Bunch of legal and marketing people with some engineers for variety
It would be fun to see someone emulating x86 over ARM over MIPS over RISC-V. Yes, I want to watch the world burn.
*cough* Java *cough*
Doesn't softbank own ARM now?
While intel was pushing itanium
For all the controversy the Microsoft store and UWP has caused, I quite like having a singular platform target virtually that can be used on different physical platforms. Plus with UWP Microsoft is blocking apps from going nuts on the system and modifying it which honestly I quite like. I know there are applications that absolutely require having a modified system but I don't see a reason why, except for a very niche solutions an application cannot be modified or rewritten to do that. And you can always target win32 platform for that. Plus while I dislike having to pay extra for 10S to 10 Pro upgrade I am overall very happy with what Microsoft has done. With this you don't have to worry much about users rendering the system unusable. Maybe only if Microsoft was more free with app store and didn't had it locked it down so much.
My phone comes with the NC750. Thise earpods are shit compared to these
Netbooks back then we're shit. They really didn't have any processing power.
Netbooks back in 2006.
Win10 is actually better than 7. The only issue with it is the spyware "add-ons" and forcing for updates.
So is smart tables a thing now?
I had a vista machine with 2.something GHz clock speed, 4GB Ram and 750GB HDD. I had no problem running it. But do you remember netbooks?
Initial vista release was buggy, they fixed it later but it left people with a sour taste. The mininum requirements for vista jumped quite considerably meaning many people either couldn't run it or were on the bottom edge. This also was the time of amazing netbooks, bare minimum specs laptop. Plus Microsoft made huge changes to driver model. By the time 7 came out, drivers had switched to the new model but it was a mess during Vista's time. 

To quite several Microsoft engineers, difference between later vista releases and early win7 releases are few, its a smaller change compared to win8->win8.1
Well in all honestly apple has had some really great products and has defined how something can and should be implemented eventhough they had no hand in inventing or creating the tech.
You could buy the base model, do the upgrades yourself, buy a cheap Mobo and case and pay and end up with an extra computer at that point.
When you perform tests in US, you get results for US. And US != ROW
Doesn't show how big an they actually are. Apple's logo has more *perceived* value than Samsung
Live reactions
They didn't even knew about it. No version control. I had it on my laptop but that was just for me. Thankfully never had to use it.
And they removed the 3.5mm on phones. More than doubling the wear
My phone type C cable in the box has this. I carry it with me everyday and tips it around. It's been 8 months noe and its as good as new. I've had micro USB cables from same OEM with my previous phone and I use it to charge my post bank.
My ipad charger has broken the covering so many times that at this point it's just tapes.
That's the old standard. With usb-pd, quick charge tech you can get me. My charger goes to 15v. I know some go to 18 or 20
I thought Dubai is in Abu Dhabi. And whose side are they on?
We sure do love "airlifting" people.
Happened to me recently. I was a unity project. We had to transfer the files between project partners because none of them would use git. anyways some of  the files were barely a whole kilobyte. Whole project was around 700-800Megs but it would take hours to copy to flash drive due it having to reset.
Uh... Co....cov.....cov**fefe**
Sorry...?
And here I am, I can't even spell common words without spell check.
So it's like big brother but one day and with kids.
I just hate cricket. I really dont understand the appeal of it.
Its just next to torture as far as 13 year olds are concerned
I want this too but i dont think my potatoGraphics™ 40000Pi will handle it.
It has been like that even before pin for me.
Here if you swipe debit it asks you for on, if you use credit it won't ask for pin if the amount is lower than the set amount you used for pin-less txn. Other than that it's same. You don't need to know which type.
I enjoy my life alone. Gives me time to do stuff I want. And I have some good friends that I don't mind being with for some time, once a week or so. It's actually fun.
True. Fun fact, I usually avoid conversations but if i get into one i can have a better quality conversations than my extrovert friends.
I understand. We are the same boat brother.
4G or WiFi(home broadband)?
You can also be shy. Be an introvert and have SA.
Just set it at 19°C (or whatever that is in Fahrenheit) and forget about it. Set it to just fan mode in winters or fucking switch it off.
4Mbps...no. but 128Kbps will.
Backup, Storage, Media Provider for all your devices, Could setup as router to manage network, streaming server, game server, alternate machine for Linux or for tinkering.
We can technically generate power required but the major change is distributing it. So you end up with plants working at least than half the total capacity in some areas while others are overworked. What we need is a universal grid similar to what US has. It is much harder distributing power across state lines and even between companies.
That's like half the price. Unfortunately it's always too high here.
Yup. Ram and SSD can throw a new life in a laptop. I have replaced my WiFi card with an Intel AC one (had a Broadcom n 2.4Ghz only. Laptop was wired for 5GHz because they had a 5GHz n model), am thinking of upgrading screen to 1080p (I have confirmed that I can do it.), Have 8GB of ram, so that's not an real issue for now. Heavy tasks go to PC. I also want an ssd but the prices are too much here. $200+ for a 240GB
If you agree root you can read (and even sometimes write) raw data to smart tokens and cards. I have tried it using my phone. It depends on the phone too though. Not all phones can do raw. My Old Mi3 couldn't. Nexus 4 could read raw. Have an Xperia m4 which can. I haven't rooted my current daily driver (don't feel the need to) so I don't know if it can.
I actually have one. RPi. Checks for email every 10 minutes. Dont use it though. I was just trying to find the least expected thing I can have blinky glow for.
It was NT4.0 on the nt counterpart I guess at that time. This was before I was born so pardon my ignorance if I am wrong
The vista of the time win 7 dropped have much more in common. More than what people think. The problem was indeed drivers and the fact that Vista has some really high requirements at the time but by the time win7 came along that hardware was much more common. I had Vista with 4GB RAM and God processor. It was rather nice. I actually installed Vista on an with modern-ish hardware recently just to check his it would do and it was good. Ofcourse I then nuked Vista to install Linux on it later.

I actually have a bookmark for a blog from an Microsoft engineer on windows team. I'll add it when I am on my laptop.
I am in my last year degree course now and they still reach us J6. It's a "new course material".
I read somewhere that he hasn't used any apple products in recent years. Guess he's still bitter about it.
But some companies like Pizza hut and others were made so popular and ubiquitous due to their new owners. Pizza hut and other Yum! Foods chains (KFC, Taco Bell) were made popular only because of heavy franchising made possible by their previous owner PepsiCo. There is a miniscule chance that any of them would've been this famous on their own.
I wonder how successful they would be.  
The never of people throwing away hard drives with a Bitcoin wallet in it would be incredibly small since these were early users who just used it for fun. And since these people normally would be technophilic they could've had encryption enabled, making it even more difficult to find and rare. And didn't all wallet managers had password protection since the very beginning?
The old Z series, yes. But the nex XZ series are quite capable. Specially XZs and XZP
Because they don't fucking update it frequently. 
Can't steam start encrypting all the resources?
Nope. I much prefer a regular app interface for app use
Guess your order got exchanged with OP.
A Jesse hamburg please.
Bought on google Fi?
Plus they couldn't possibly know if the phone was a flipper. Google hadn't blacklisted them or had any signs. And this is much more than that. Google is blacklisting phoe even if you paid for it and then switched.
Kinda makes sense. Sprint is the primary backend provider for Google fi.
There are driver issues with Linux but once you set it up, it fucking works. Unlike windows.
I got one with my phone (Sony). I use earphones on phone so i started using them with my laptop (on Linux) and they work amazing. They autocorrect on resume and controls work too! I have an another window laptop and its a different story on them. They constantly disconnect, won't even connect sometimes and have piss poor audio quality, even for Bluetooth. Now given I always have problems with windows (bad luck I guess?) I think windows just does a poor job with wireless. This is windows 10 too, not 7 and with creators update
It should be an Electron app! /S

Does windows provide an API to change the theme color by apps? If yes then it's quite easy. Probably could do it as a weekend project.
I love PS3 controllers. They fit perfectly in my hand.
It turns off if you aren't using it.
I find the PS3 & PS4 controllers more comfortable than Xbox but connecting it to PC is a hassle. Plus no wireless
Seriously! The PS3 controller lasts much longer.
Huh. Band aids always stick out on me. And I am brown.
That is if you have a direct straight connection with no hops
India actually. Cities can get good internet here.
Well if my usages suddenly increased exponentially without any changes to the code, I too wouldn't suspect my code was at fault (atleast at first). Plus firebase too didn't warned them ever previously about overuse.
I'd have friends.
Not quite 5 stars but bs infinite was great too. 4.8 Id say.
This. 2 of my banks now waits for you to request one before they issue a booklet. All of them wait for you to request you a new booklet if you exhaust the old one. Previously they would just send a new one when they cleared the last one.
Other countries have this. But in general, no countries (atleast that i know of) has automated the bulk of process even though these days you recievers salary and other payments online. Now i know there are manual transactions that they can't know of but atleast prefilling or simplifying according to given information should be a standard feature by now.
Part of the ping is due to aging infrastructure causing bottlenecks though. It can be improved but it will never be 1-2ms around the globe.
I usually get sub 10ms ping to all asian servers and below 20 to some of Europe in CSGO and other games. Ofcourse i don't play CSGO. In games like Rocket league which i play I see ~5-800ms regularly.
Calls to call center in general sound trash. I sometimes am barely able to make out the words.
Just take a look at Asia.
I have 50. I usually get 53.5Mbps on YouTube. Almost click and play.
Literally this except for tech stuff.

Internet not working, call me

Computer issues, call me

Need educated opinion on tech related stuff? Ask me (the fact that they still go ahead with the worst choice because their best friend said so or some other bullshit reason and still demand me to support it). Which brings us to,...

Need help with anything tech related? Call me.

Need help in studies (Degree course in I.T/C.S)? Call me.

Going out somewhere? Don't even let me know it.

Having a party? Don't invite me.

Having a get to gather? Me? Who is that?

Really though, I hate it and on one side I usually don't like to go to any parties or trips but they don't know that. I know they aren't real friends. Honeslty, I don't know what to say
They still aren't for friends. I'd love something like tinder but for finding ~~friends~~ people looking for friendship.
Ketchup i understand. I use it too when i am having a reheated pizza. But mayo?
This. Even flagships have dual SIM variants now. The Samsung Galaxy S series has had it since S4 i guess, and the note since Note 3. LG has dual sim from G5, sony has dual sim variants from Z2 (I personally use XZ dual SIM), Moto X/Z has dual sim variants. You'll almost always find dual sim variants for almost all mid range phones these days are either dual sim or have a dual sim variant. All Except Apple that is of course.

You have to fork full amount for phone though. I don't think any carriers sell dual SIM variants in US or Europe.
Why cobol computering?
I have seen ~1000ms on 127.0.0.1
They are moving to microwave Network last I heard
There is...
We used to be good at science-ey stuff. We provide the world with an integral part of service & support. 









Hints: We are HUGE in a metric and it's not really good thing.  
We have capable military  
All our neighbours hate us. One of them is really strong too. 
We love spicey food.
Mine is usually between 5-6 but I can hit 7 on a easy day. I have some battery issues after this months security patch but still get 4.5. I use my phone for Reddit (sync), DR, Twitter, lots for YouTube, Netflix, Instagram, Snapchat, prime video, and other apps.
I dd everything.
You could've said Linux distros. A Ubuntu iso is more closer to an HD movie that is of watchable quality than a 500MB XRAY
The pathology lab/scanning facility I use still hands them out physically in addition to digital copies which you can download online from their service
Have you even seen all these new"ultrabooks"?
This word is an exception. Sanskrit usually doesn't combine meanings into same word. 
Every country has its problems. Even US has gun violence, healthcare, net neutrality (one of the less serious ones) and many others. The other day I read same thing about an ISRO (indian space research organisation), people as SK why don't we spend the money on reducing poverty but what people don't know or forget is everything helps. In the ISRO example, they are self funded. They provide data that is useful for many things including farming and infrastructure. 
Reliance?
Yeh
Not a windows guy so I really don't know about how AD works inside but it may just not be able to locate your profile locally for some reason. The connect to AD module told it the profile is available offline, load if from there.
Looks like windows was checking in wrong place for the profile. Does the docking station have external media capabilities?
Think of the millions of dollars in R&D they saved.
So it does uninstall but installs ASK toolbar?
Every PC part maker, be it gigabyte, asus, Corsair, razer manages to fuck up software. Their unmanageable proprietary non-intercomaptible shit is just asshole levels of bad. 
Desktop. On phones it just makes it laggy sometimes. 
Edge i guess has it. Chrome has a flag but is disabled by default, so is opera and Firefox. Those implementation are on browser levels macOS and Linux can do it at much more basic level 
Windows laptops, or just laptops can do it. My Linux machine here can do it. It's just windows wanting to be different
Gnome+Chrome. Have same issue. For a second it felt as if the tab was unresponsive. 
Adobe, dropbox, patreon, last.fm. i don't even remember when i last used last.fm. Dont use dropbox too these days. I didn't even know i ihad patreon acct.
Don't know about GC but this person is a shitty friend
You have an option that show full link on sync for Reddit. Still clicked.
Because for it to be a Cisco product it shouldn't make sense
Me I guess. Atleast in my class i was one of them.  
I usually didn't usually talk to anyone outside my couple of friends. My interests were generally different than theirs. 
In Germany you are also protected by good laws. In US and many other countries while there are laws to protect them there are many loopholes. 
Another case when laws mentioned to protect people end up hurting them
That's like the Chinese law that if you injure someone you gotta pay for their life. They prefer to kill instead
2116

I dont know.
I hate it when cases like this make someone suffer and don't even recieve a sorry. 
You should be lucky if i even open the door on first ring.

i have made tea for myself and drank it infront of guest while not even asking them multiple times. If you're dining at my home I'll just ask once at max (sometimes not even that). Just take it if you want. I won't repeat myself. I really hard when people try to force you.

For my friends if you want water just go and take it. I won't be asking. 
I was thinking an hybrid of both 
Screen damages your eyes.
Software/computer engineering: not engineering, not magic.
You could just install electron during installation of the apps like vscode. Although the main reason behind shipping all apps with its own Electron core is compatibility but upgrading rarely if ever causes incompatiblities with Electron core. The node packages could also be stored globally.  You could ship the installer with just your project files and it would download and install election over internet or ship with Electron.

Java isn't something people like but many environments do this. You don't see all python apps shipping with the whole python engine. 
Moscow, India

Vancouver, Mexico

Sydney, *where New zealand should've been*
The data cost about 5-6 years ago wasn't much. A gigabyte of data was around  $1.2 and decreased if you went with larger pack. At peak last year the price skyrocketed to around $3+ for a gigabyte but with Jio bringing fresh compition it has fallen down again. The plans have gotten murkier though. On Jio for example you can't buy voice only plans or data only plans. Similar plans with slight differences are at drastically different prices. All new plans break your data allotment into equal day packs. Like if you get the 28GB plan you can't use all of it at once. It's divided into per day chunks. For example If you get Jio's 303 plan for example. I is a 28 GB plan but you get just one GB per day. And no it doesn't carry over. If you use only 512 MB the rest 512MB is gone. If you don't use anything like on weekends when you are connected to wifi all the time, the whole gigabyte is gone. Traditional plans still haven't come down that much in prices. 
If you do, and the lender allows to change co-signee then do it immediately 
Depends. Here Amazon Contracts with the shipping company and they just add a pickup to one of the delivery guys. Nothing to them to pickup. But you will never get free stuff. 
Depending on local laws you're in great trouble if the other party is able to prove otherwise (the real intent). Being an asshole to you isn't really a crime and they will be free. You'll have to pay for all the legal feel, the penalty, maybe jail time and will have a record.
Starbucks WiFi is really slow. I would get decent package for mobile data or cable. 
I have called up fast food places nearby over the years for legit issues, soggy fires, missing sides, etc. They ask for your bill number. Always. It's very simple to confirm. Just enter in the number and you'll get all the details. Simpler than getting all details from the customer and easy to confirm. And they will just send in the Missing stuff. Rarely do you get an extra. 
I like smaller 5-5.2 inches normally althoughI hi like note. The S8+ is nice too though. And that's way bigger. But the design makes it feel smaller. 

I agree with SMS not being used here. Nobody uses SMS anymore except for USA and might be a bunch of other countries.

I tried Mi3, had a lot of faith in them and got burned. Have used Samsung mid tier and dislike how they treat those phones. These days I rather stick with Pixel/XPERIA X(Z) series/LG g,v series/Samsung Note/S. Considering i will be using this device daily for hours for 2-3 years I am OK with dropping 50k on phone. 

I didn't really cared for dual sim phones until Jio. It was one of the reasons i got XZ over Pixel this year.

Calling people is still prevalent here. I have ~5 calls a week and I am on the low end. I know many people who do nearly double of that in a day.

In cities, people are buying more higher end (not necessarily flagship) phones because of price drops in data. Previously most people used their phones for calls and WhatsApp and maybe rare web browsing. Now with cheaper data and more free WiFi APs theam ever people are using their phones more and are buying more high end phone. I know a few people in my own friend circle who have upgraded from cheap $100 phones (redmi series and Moto E, old moto G,G2) to iPhones and Galaxy S7 (and recently one who got S8). M
RGB would've been even better.
My list would start with stating on Earth. 
I'm Indian. I approve of your approval
I didn't knew that. That explains so much of what I see. 
That would be 11 people. 
The 2011 2012 MBPs were very good machines. Upgradable and more value for money than anything that apple sells today. 
Used my fingers to count. Either that or the answer would come from that one "math genius". 

Insider secret - I was one of those math genius for some time and I too used fingers to count. It's just that my brain could effectively hold last numbers 
Should be called "people support" when you think about it. 
3 way and 4 way SLI isn't technically unsupported, it's just that Nvidia doesn't actively working with partners to optimize stuff for it (not that it solid much) and does bare minimum to ensure that they work. Nvidia, you could say just forms recommend those setups. Mostly because 2-way 1080 or Ti ought to be enough for most worloads rhst utilize SLI and the 3,4 way SLI market is just isn't profitable for Nvidia to invest in. 

We could see the same with AMD doing away with official support for 3 and 4 way crossfire with Vega. Also with the rise of quad core and with ryzen, hexa and octa core systems we would see more games take advantage of multithreading across the cores. CUDA and other ways of using the GPU for number crunching doesn't require SLI or crossfire.
The top levels don't see it that way. For them IT is money drain with no outcome if everything works and Total waste and the one who breaks everything if they find something hard. 
I use Google play music and granted 20+tabs are too much,  my 16 GB of RAM still fills up. And the browser takes up like 60-70% of the processor
Whenever someone asks you to work on stuff that's already done/available,

1. Work on it

2. **WASTE SOME TIME**  *YOU WANT TO MAKE IT LOOK LIKE YOU WERE BUSY THE ENTIRE TIME. PRESS RANDOM KEYS ON YOUR KEY-thingy IF THEY PASS BY.*

3. Deliver it.
Not unless you are me, crazy maniac who loves to collect them.
We here in india too had ridiculous caps. I am luck to have one connection with no caps and good speeds but it has stability issues do i have other connection that is more on par with what people here use. It was a 50Mbps down with 25GB cap. Just think for a bit. 25GB for a month. Then Jio (think Kingsman the movie like services) came around and now they "upgraded" me to 250GB plan and give extra 200GB "for free" for being "valuded customer" eveey month for same price.  
A 1GB/mo 4G plan would cost around 300 bucks (not including phone and SMS)  previously, now you get unlimited calls and 1 GB per day (30 GB Total) for same price. 
Oh, so that's what it's used for. I thought it was just an illustration. 



\*sheepishly finds "IO Shield" in storage\*
Unfortunately, YT red isn't available in my country so no special content but download is though. 
"includes paid promotion" : should i say more. 
Considering my XZ is compatible with all others CTIA format headphones, I think Sony has switched. 
It's the same with laminated screens. If you get a crack that is anything but cosmetic, the touch will stop working
Yup. It technically has OTG but can't provide the output power. 
Try Xiaomi. I upgraded from Mi+Nexus4 to XZ. I had to replace the Mi3 screen 5+ times and I currently have it in drawer with broken screen. And that was with a case. I use my XZ without case, no damage yet. 