Besides Frankie and Cub who isn't young in that division. The next FW title fight has two great fighters younger than 27. 
Correct, just listened to it couple days ago. I believe it was Ariel that asked him about it during the mma hour on Monday 
Thank you for the time and info, much appreciated. :)
I saw the doctor list and an Ellen Paige is in Tucson and that's where I live as well. Is that the Ellen Paige you got your procedure from? You don't have to answer, but me and my girlfriend have talked about getting the procedure and are definitely looking into it. How much did the procedure cost and did insurance cover it? 
Sorry to be off topic a bit but I have never had a credit card, always dealt everything with cash.  I Want to start building my credit and also I was told last year when I rented a car that most rental places will only deal with customers that have credit cards. Any idea of where I can look to find the best suitable credit card to build credit and benefits me when I decide to travel? I would mostly want it to benefit me when it comes to renting cars and booking hotels.
She basically lost me in that weight loss transformation. I'm 170 lbs flat and the thought of me carrying my own weight 24/7 is insane. Definitely big congratulations to her. 
Agreed, where the fuck is a jet force Gemini remastered or a sequel since MS owns Rare. A new Banjo Kazooie will have people curious. I want MS to bring it and hopefully we will see that this E3.
Thank you, I've always wondered how it is spelled out since khabib would say it often.
$65 my friend, new price hike took affect few months back.
What happened in 203? I remember it being overseen vs stipe and the debut of cm punk but I forgot what made it a cursed card.
I feel you, just got news Matt brown is out and they are trying to find condit a new opponent. Just the fact that I already have tickets and will be missing that awesome fight has me bummed out.
My second live event too, can't wait! 
How much was it overpriced? Sorry I rarely eat out at any fancy restaurants so I have no clue what the price ranges in these places are.
As a fellow Tucsonan I feel for you. Hopefully your sister has got something going for her as she comes back because she will need it. It sucks to see people take advantage of family. 
She broke up with you before Valentine's Day? That's rough, but you'll bounce back man. Chin up bratha.
Yes, definitely keep looking. I guess it depends on your region. I'm childfree man but currently seeing someone but know plenty of friends who are co-workers who are childfree, this is in AZ by the way. 
How much does it cost to train there? 
Luke almost pulled a Bob Sapp weigh in pose at 7:14.
Believe one of the embeddeds for 213. May have been episode 3 
Very smooth, especially the way he tried to pull that fast one on Pettis' girl and then quickly acknowledged him.
Same here 
Meisha Tate also had a podcast and then I never heard about for like a year. 
Are we live? 
And Rashas Evans. Rashad has a great intellectual way of breaking down fights as well. 
I would say most. Bill burr is hilarious, and I like callen but only off stage. He's too dramatic for me the times I've seen his standup, same thing with joe. 
Don't have time stamp but I heard it last week. I'm sure it's episode 330 of fighter and the kid.
Don't have time stamp but I heard it last week. I'm sure it's episode 330 of fighter and the kid.
In past years, big AAA titles would avoid coming out in summer, does anyone know why that is? It would be perfect since most schools are out and people are getting summer jobs. 
Great story. Makes me feel old of how long I've been a fan. Been a fan since I was roughly in middle school and saw season 1 TUF. 
"Strike doesn't lightning the same place twice" - Max Halloway
Damn, you must've had that phone for a while. I don't get it though. I got my iPhone 6 two years ago after alien blue was discontinued and was worried I had to use the official reddit app. I went to my purchased apps and there was alien blue and redownloaded it and that's what I'm using to write this. Also use antenna every now and then.
Connections. He would be nowhere if it wasn't for callen and rogan.
You're right that werdum has better Spanish than Cain, but during their fight most of the arena was rooting for Cain. That was one of the taking points leading up to that fight, werdum took a late replacement opponent in Mark Hunt and won a title and the crowd. Then for 188 the crowd would not cheer for him because Mexico City was back to rooting for one of their own even though Cain is Mexican American with limited Spanish. 
And for the UFC put cm punk vs JJ/Rose/Waterson in China somewhere and how each one of those girls would wipe the floors with him, just useless talk.
He is the key to the Mexican market. Even after all his pullouts and inactivity he will always be ranked because he has potential for a huge fan base. When Cain was fighting in 200, friends who followed Cain as champion were more excited to see him than Brock. 
If ppv surpasses the threshold his contract stipulates, who knows what that is.
That's also if the ppv sales pass the threshold that his contract has, if it doesn't then ppvs don't matter.
Could be natural disasters (floods, storms), maybe animals that jump in front of the car and driver swerves out of the way. Those are just some guesses but still in interesting statistic regardless of it regards to birth accidents or car accidents caused by people. 
Is this a typo or is it a statistical fact? Pretty funny either way 
This is shipped though. Don't fully know how the whole process and business of video game sales work, but Shipped doesn't equal to sold units to consumers. 
Yep, Manuwa vs Corey Anderson(?) got bumped up after claiming for days that wasn't going to be the main event. Huge slap in the face.
And it's not the first time they did this to the UK cards.
I would say they are pretty neck and neck, but barboza basically shows up to the cage with an 8 pack. Don't remember noticing the same thing when I would see chandler fight. 
Their USADA evasion stat would be at 95/100.
And why she still... She still?
Loved that interview, Tyron attempting to sell the fight but Wonderboy is just too nice.

http://youtu.be/lnpcbVGVrWw
Should be less than $60. I went to Yair vs BJ last year in downtown Phoenix, it was a fight night card and was in the 1 level seating for $80 a ticket. 
And being in the highest rated ultimate fighter with where they both were at each other's throats almost every episode.
She's pretty but her vocal fry can get a bit annoying if you had to listen to her long periods of time.
It is. He was really into his long hair due to his passion for rock music and was terrified of going bald since it ran in his family if I remember correctly.
I've been to the talking stick resort, never to the gila river. What's wrong with the arena? 
Hahaha it's Glendale, AZ not Glendale, CA where Edmund trains "once in a lifetime" athletes.
Fuck yes!! Finally we get another event here in AZ, and a banger! Definitely will be there, gotta root for home state Justin but love porier too.
No, Is he a mechanic? I have close friends who are mechanics and work on their own toys in their off time (cars, bikes, atvs, dune buggies), and we always talk about cars when we hangout. The altima thing I heard because couple months back I was looking into getting a Nissan Altima between the years 2007-2013 and I asked them for their advice. A buddy has a 2012 Camry and loves the car, but I am not sure if those have a cvt transmission. 
Way tougher, it's a cut throat sport. Any shithead who played football since freshman was going to make the varsity football team, in wrestling you have to eat you're place by beating everyone in your weight class to be varsity. One can still wrestle  I had no luck in beating 4 time wrestling champs that started at the age of 5. I had the athleticism, stamina, and attitude to remain on the team but that wasn't enough when  starting the sport as a sophomore and lacking technique. 
I also hear from buddies who are mechanics that their transmissions can be an issue. To replace a cvt transmission in a Nissan Altima dating couple years back can be easily in the thousands. They always recommend getting a Toyota since they rarely see a cvt transmission go bad in a Toyota Corolla. 
Same here, just sucks for stipe because this may pay him very well since he just got his contract negotiated but he has the most to lose in this fight I feel. Beating DC doesn't add much, I'm sure stipe will be the favorite, but beating Cain will further his star power. I can also imagine a heavy pressured wrestler/kick boxer like DC being a hard matchup for stipe. 
Wow, what a bunch of cocksuckers, I'm glad you didn't have to put in extra effort and money to get the ps4.
Yes, hope this keeps Al more active. Would love to see him fight 3 times a year, I am always excited when he fights. Al vs Pettis is a fight I want.
I'm very excited for this rematch, and it's under Khabib vs Tony, April can't come soon enough.
I watch every ppv, I really haven't noticed any changes, How has it gone up? The UFC has always tried out different things on the ppv for the past 15 years that I remember, can't think of a change that they have stayed with since 200. 
Don't forget "we gave him and offer and he didn't take it, he doesn't really want to fight, he's not a fighter".
I never trained bjj just wrestled with state champs in high school but hearing that episode completely went over my head. I'm going to have to watch  it for me just because I'm sure there are some great techniques danaher was discussing that I couldn't properly visualize or understand.
Shut up! I have no clue what you're talking about, I see nothing but shit cards and expect it to continue. 
And don't forget the $5 ppv increase as the ultimate fuck you to all the North American fans.
I'll be next to you.
Idk if it counts because I don't know for how long or often, but he has been training bjj with vinny maghalaes at the UFC PI. 
Right after joe goes on a huge detail explanation of how big muscles need lots of oxygen, and somehow throws Tyron Woodley as an example.
Especially in a 5 rd fight.
Don't forget Khabib which I'm sure most of us had no clue his wife was giving a birth to a baby until that night when he actually fought. 
UFC can hype ngannou all they want but they have to held accountable when they piss of people with bullshit statistics, especially your current champ that has been active, and is going to break a defense record. Tell a mechanic or physics professor that a fighter can hit as hard as a 1 ton car going over 120 mph and they would call bullshit. I Would like to see those physic professors faces when they have to  interpret the power in a punch that is 129,000 units. 
I also say it looks really bad for the UFC. They hyped their performance institute as place where the next level fighters will come out of, and ngannou would be a prime example of that. State of the art equipment, top chef and dietitians, cameras that record you're sparring at a all 360 degrees, pools, jacuzzis, cryo chambers, world class trainers, machines to show how strong you punch and all that other bullshit doesn't compare to the full-time firefighter who trains out of a small gym with coaches that aren't very well known.
Is there one for IOS? 
Don't worry what all those people say because at the end of the day it's the truth. As fans we always questions a fighters chin when he has taken too much damage and always refer to "x fighter left a piece of himself in there that night". You just expressed in a amazingly creative way.
Yep, with all this bullshit and the recently increased ppv price im definitely going to be streaming all ppvs and fight nights. I never minded supporting a product I care about but the little hope for integrity I had in this sport is lost. I don't care where the next TV deal is, fuck WME, I'll stream all the fights I want, when I want.  
#1 BOOLSHET!!!!!
Agree, no one can predict if taxes in your country will dramatically shoot up and you end up trying to raise a child with less money. All of these corporations are out for your money and you are more vulnerable if you have a child. 

Cost of healthcare is going up and if you live in the U.S. You don't have the option to opt-out of having to have health insurance, you either do or you get penalized come tax season. Tuition for colleges are on the rise, food prices can soar at any moment along with the price of fuel.  I would never try and gamble to have kids in hopes that the world will be a much richer and better place for them in 20 years, especially with all that is occurring politically.


I'm a male in my 20's, and many things over the years added up and as of two years ago I set on a CF life. As a kid I wanted at least to have kids, but then I discovered what I truly love about life like going out with friends and not looking at the bill when out a the bar, I came from a poor childhood. Vacations with friends or spontaneous trips around the state with a date is fun and I can sleep in as long as I want in the weekends. 

I've always had failed relationships because I was always busy with school, sports, work and that just left me with a slight distrust when a woman tells me she believes in "being there in tough times". I find it way too risky to have children with someone that may not be there or support a child as much as I would. 

I can always quit jobs without feeling I have to be there because I have a family to support, as long as I have a good amount of savings, I can up and leave if anyone pisses me off or if I find something better. 

I don't want to get political in any way but it must be said that it's ridiculous that raising a child is getting more expensive every year. If you're in the U.S. Any hospital visits for the little is a headache, got to have insurance for you and your family or you will be penalized come tax season. Tuition is going up for college, making it much difficult for parents who would want to assist their children pursue an education beyond HS and not end up with mountains of debt. 

Above all, my state, AZ, is a work at will state which means at any moment your employer can get a stick up their and fire you. I can't imagine the stress having to go home and make sure all the bills are paid, while building you and your spouse's future while doing as much as you can to save to any kids you bring into this world.

Oh and to be a little petty, I don't ever have to try and understand or get fully invested in this cocksucker Logan Paul because my child idols him or some other moronic YouTuber, instagramer, snapchatter, etc. I don't have to address child bullying in my house, eating tide pods, doing the dab, hearing shitty music, dealing with Black Friday or Christmas shopping season for the new toy, teenage era, HS relationship issues, and the list goes on and on. Life is too short for any of that, and every year seems to go by faster than the previous. 
And you can't shop around to find the best price for childbirth, fuck all that. Here's a vox mini-doc on child birth 

https://youtu.be/Tct38KwROdw
AZ is not on this list, not surprised when I always looked at the political leaders of this state as a bunch of cocksuckers.
Definitely lazy and fuck EA. I bought MVP 2005 as a kid for my ps4 and it had all the players from every team upon launch, plus it had hot prospects and most notable names from each teams farm system. No excuses for this half-ass shit. 
Vox made a mini YouTube documentary on the cost of childbirth roughly a year ago, wasn't as much as the headline but still a lot. It was a interesting documentary, but I'm sure price varies throughout the U.S. 
Sometimes I wake up after a long day at work and the bottom of my feet hurt, those flips would put me out for a week. 
Wasn't he with the UFC couple years back? What happened? 
That was so stupid that it pisses me off just thinking about it. Yeah Dana here's a pad, put your hand in it and stick your arm out as I drive this one ton car at over 100 mph to exactly replicate the force of Ngannous punch.
Fuckin' ridiculous.
I agree on switching up Till with convington. It would suck if Till gets beat by getting wrestle fucked by Usman. Let the Wonderboy fight Till so the fans can see a great striking match and let Usman and Colby see who the best wrestler is, usually those wrestling match ups end up being with lots of wild striking exchanges so it may be a fun fight. 
They need to add nba jam type gimmicks. If you win the belt in career mode you get the big head fighters with a trophy "Tito Ortiz" unlock. Getting 3 KOs in a row gives you ford escorts for hands. 
Nunes vs schevchenko 2

Edit: Added 2
Agree, I'm sure the takedown in the 5th rd if Nunes vs Schevchenko 2 made a difference even though she didn't do much with it. The commentators, fans, judges, and even Nunez and schev knew that was going to be a big factor regardless of what the rules are.

Edit: added 2
Lol  at Dana. I can imagine vitor not knowing the news of Uriah's pullout during the ceremonial weigh ins to then have a "a new challenger has entered" like if it was mortal Kombat, miraculously bypassing any medicals and allowed to weigh in late if this unknown opponent wasn't in the card already.
I'm excited for GOW and Days Gone but RDR2 is all I care about.
"You son of a bitch"
Agree, and I may be nitpicking here a bit but the UFC rankings also have to reflect that. Nate should be nowhere in the top 10 after being inactive for over a year, those spots should be awarded to the fighters taking risks and getting the wins.
I believe since high school. 
I hope. Many may disagree but people that commit this level of crime need to be put down. 
And criticize judges performance as well. As far as I know, he trains judges in Nevada on how to score fights. 
For me TUF 10 was the best. Especially at the time because now we get to see how a street brawler like kimbo slice would do against other professional fighters, and can't forget all the epic confrontations between Rampage and Rashad.
Right, are these people morons? He was also college baseball player, that's huge for someone to come into the contact sports world and be a terror like stipe. 
Makes sense. From what I recall, they aren't paying ngannou as much as stipe and I'm sure the UFC would rather have ngannou who they are more willing to market and comes cheaper. Ngannous payout for the last fight is not available but I believe the one before it was shown that he was making 60/60, That's a bargain for the ufc. Hope stipe wins though. 
Yes! Totally forgot about that one, that's it.
I remember around 5 years ago where Roy was heading that route. I forgot which fight but he lost  a lot of weight and shaved the beard down, he was a completely different person.
And Moraes manager Ali was talking shit to Rivera as this was going down, people on here rode Ali's nuts to then turn on him again when his posturing failed. 
Can kind of confirm. Me and friends have talked about how they don't jump but I've had times where I was walking in the desert for a hike and next thing I know a cholla is drilling it's needles into my calf. They are pretty painful even with pants on.

Source: I live in AZ and these things are everywhere in the desert. 
Breaking up through text is a bitch move, unless the other person is physically violent. 
As long as they cover ferg financially then I can't complain. If I was Tony I would sit out until the UFC quadrupled my pay. If the UFC wants to throw out interim belts like candy then they are going to have to pay those fighters like champions. 
I want fighters to be clean, but I wouldn't be mad if the UFC introduced a juiced division for fighters 38+. Those fighters can juice up all they want, same weight classes, same rules, but they only can fight other juiced fighters. They can't  be in the rankings or get title shots, they are a hybrid of freak show fights. 
I just remembered about this phase, what the fuck was Schaub thinking? I know he's into fashion, whatever that means, but was bleaching your hair the trend couple years ago? 
And bad game plans. Rufus hasn't taught him any defense. Roufus for of defense has always been to hit  the opponent back harder to fend them off and create space. You see Roufus telling Pettis this during the barboza fight and barboza exploited that with his boxing counters. 
Rose denied Joanna the rematch? I haven't heard of this, that sucks. 
How do the parents support that many children. Are they rich and live well below their means or is it a chaotic world with financial stress and never-ending noise? 
I believe Meisha and Bryan were already broken up by that time. According to the show Johnny and Meisha come from the same gym. 
He had lots of trouble keeping up pace backwards vs Diaz. Of course, I wouldn't call myself a professional at all when it comes to fight analysis, but Patrick Wyman and Conor Rebeusch also had said the same thing on their heavy hands podcast. Both write fight analysis, train, have visited many mma gyms, and have conversations with fighters. 
Would've never guessed he would look like this. 
He was probably referring to the magana incident couple months back.
That is true, many top fighters have trouble fighting going backwards. Barboza, Pettis, and even Conor are ones that pop into mind. 
She like, comin foh da beltch

Ftfy 
I watch at a bar as well. Me and friends don't have cable packages cus fuck that and our local bww doesn't do cover charges. We get the prelims, ppv, and food/drinks in one place. 
Jesus that's heartbreaking, hopefully the lady has some good things going for her now even though she's still with dickhead.
Damn, didn't know that. I remember seeing a glimpse of him in a documentary where they were following another mma fighter fighting in the local scene in Thailand to make money since he was poor. He ended up losing to smolka by sub. If I remember correctly.
Has anybody watched it, any good? Don't want to waste time to watch a shitty Netflix movie when I can catch up on the post fight press conference.
I can already imagine someone walking out to the shitty reebok-fight-kit commercia song.
Baby already showing snake tendencies.

So happy for TJ, went through a huge hurtle with a fight delay and got his belt back when Cody was beloved more by fans, and then to end it with a healthy baby. Hope DJ vs TJ is next. 
Last words from the guy basically summed up Goldie, I sure miss him.
That's now, but I believe all the promotion lead up to 207 didn't show the kick on Ronda. I vaguely remember them also not showing much of the knockout for the UFC 196 promotion.
I agree with you, there are just times where I cringe when Ariel asks certain questions, because I don't ever remember having these reactions. 

For example, he recently interviewed holly after her media workout and said something similar to "you were up there doing awkward dancing with awkward people, why do you do this?" It just came off a little rude for the fact that most of those participants were kids and kids get awkward and shy when the spotlight is on them. He should've just stuck to "you're probably the only fighter who invites fans up partake in dancing and short workout with you, why do you like having more interactions with fans then most other fighters in these workouts?"
Bet the house cocksuckas!
I like Esparzas reaction even more. She has the look that she anticipates of having the fight taken away from her but just a sigh of relief as buffer makes the announcement.
Damn not a good look. UFC is going to pull back all that marketing effort in calvillo now, just hopeful they direct it towards schevs 125 lb title run or Darren Till. 
Why She still.... She still? 
Fusion HA!
Exactly, they should definitely emphasize stipes accomplishments more. They can say that stipe has been the most active HW champion in recent years and will break the record of HW title defenses with a win over ngannou on Jan. 20, a record that was last held by former champion Cain Velasquez in a 3(?) year span. 
#ufchawaii lets do the damn ting
I can't believe the level of bullshit that is being thrown. We have lost science in many forms in our life but never would I thought that a human punch would be compared to be as strong as a 1 ton vehicle that goes over 130 mph.

Changed 2 Ton to 1
Got to build enthusiasm amongst casual fans and still have them talk about the UFC somehow someway.
Lots of times I agree with Dave but he mostly spouts out obvious financial choices. It's just amazing how a "finance guru" like himself can just brush off having children as a small expense. 

I remember thinking less of Warren Buffet during the recession. I forget what interview it was but he got a question of people being scared of having children because of the status of the economy at the time and he just replies with something similar to "it's the best time to have children". It just seemed a little dark to me just because he has many people that idol him and do as he says, plus can't forget that who the hell knows what investments he has at the time that may have him sway the belief that a recession is the best time to pop out children.
In what way? 
Same here, most of them have the modern look in both the exterior and interior. 
How didn't I catch that? It all makes sense now and I've listened to that song thousands of times. 
I don't want to say the car industry is fully heading this route but I remember reading of, I believe was the new jeep trail hawk that doesn't unlock it's full engine capabilities until driven past certain mileage.

Never heard of such thing but it was enough to make me think it's a little microtransactions-ish.
Alex Garcia I believe is his name, just lost couple weeks ago.
I agree that some topics are beaten to death but I just believe that Joe does too many podcasts with an old format that hasn't evolved. For example, I listen to mma podcasts where it's just two hosts the whole time who discuss the current events in the mma world. 

I have already listened to at least 100 episodes and I can't remember a time a story was retold. Joe has to retell stories because the only one new into the conversation is the guest who hasn't heard joes stories. It gets hard when he has a shitty guests and you can tell he is trying to fill in the 3 hours by telling stories.
Sorry for the late reply, years back I believe that was the case unless it was the UFC that handed Dana the check to give.  i apologize for not remembering but there was a fighter that said in an interview that backstage bonuses have disappeared since WME since they are cutting costs and not set a precedent of fighters getting more money if it's not in the contract. 
He has interesting guests from time to time but definitely not what it used to be years back where it was mostly comedians shooting the shit with no boundaries.
Hit the nail on the head. He always talks about how he gets obsessed with things and can't stop, got obsessed with bjj, got into archery the past couple years to the point where he would be outside for hours shooting, go workout, do podcasts for over 3 hours and then just go at night in time for the kids bedtime. 
We haven't quit our jobs to start our own podcast bro, there's plenty of room out there.
"You have a unique way of looking at life Jaq... You should start a podcast"
Same boat as you. Loved backwards hat rogan fucking around with Redban and Joey. Now it's rare for him to not have an episode without mentioning issues with the left-wingers and all this political bullshit. Every episode he ends up kissing the guests ass regardless if they say something he was against in another podcast. 
I love joe rogan, been listening to JRE since 2012 but he always hops on the latest train or just rolls with what guest tells him and that makes him come off like a moron even if he doesn't realize it. 

I heard this podcast last night and I was like,"yeah man, it's very easy for someone worth over $20million that makes over 6 figures doing podcasts, does commentary for the UFC 12-13 days of the year and is not obligated to be anywhere other than that, then yes having a kid is going to be way more enjoyable than the average person. He didn't have kids until past 30 and he was already rich by then, and it's very annoying in his part to praise kids after having them when he never had to punch out the clock at the end of the week and stil wonder if he will have enough to feed and care for a kid while living in he Hollywood hils.
Sorry for coming off like an asshole but who would get that bitch pregnant? Many factors come together for me being CF but a big one is most girls I know and come across are carrying too much baggage. They have kids, inherited health issues, debts, not financial savvy whatsoever, etc. 

To get a woman pregnant that I know has health issues that may affect her future and the future of the child is too much stress just thinking about it. Can't blame the ladies that also want to just have kids with a healthy guy with a good head on their shoulders. 
WME/ endeavor doesn't do backstage bonuses from what I recall. 
I would disagree on Yairs ground game. He's had few years training wrestling and bjj and in that Frankie Edgar fight he showed very little success to control Frankie's posture and hip escape. Even while near the fence he had lots of trouble getting his back up against the fence to at least wall-walk. I would pick cub, Mendes, Halloway, Aldo, zabit, and Lamas to beat Yair. 

I personally believe the UFC is protecting him  because he's the most marketable fighter in 145 to them, he holds the key to the Mexican market. Jason knight called him out months back and yair hasn't fought since May. I would definitely be proven wrong if he gets matched up against zabit but won't be shocked if the UFC throws Artem at him. 
Sorry, you're right it does say "Vegas strong", hard to tell watching the fights on my phone, and thank you. 
Did they remove "Charles "mask" Lewis" from the top entrance to the cage? I just noticed it said "Vegas standing" or something like that. I'm not sure how it's been the last few events or if this was a change for this event forward.
What's a BAC?
Yes! Ben Henderson pulled off a beautiful switch, forgive me because I forgot which fight it was but it was in the UFC. 
I remember the time TJ said they never looked after him after not pulling out and fighting joe soto to save the ppv. 
Just having ngannou around the kid during school should be enough. You have to be crazy to still bully the kid after seeing Ngannou nearly rip overeem's  head off his shoulders.


Anthony rumble Johnson after his loss against DC at UFC 210(?).
That's a great card so far, the HW strap for the main and LHW strap for the co-main.  
It's amazing how gyms are also vulnerable to the fast descent from stardom as the fighters. In 2015 AKA had two champions and was so close of having 3. 
Souk was moving so fast for that finish, great eyes by rosenthal to make a firm stoppage with no hesitation.
Exactly, many people with kids are stuck at a job and can't afford to take a sick day no matter how terrible they feel. Saving becomes insanely difficult and all it takes is for life to throw a curveball at you (doctor visit, car issues, unexpected bill hikes, tax raises, food cost etc) to turn your month into a living hell. 
Love that he's a ref but I just wonder if the commission will be careful in which fight he refs. It would definitely be talked about if Trigg reffed one of Matt Serras guys (aljo, raging al, weidman) just because of the history between the two guys. 
I'm confused by this a bit. Does this mean my fire stick that's currently on my tv will have the YouTube app stop working? 
Casual? I've been following mma since the early 2000's and nearly watched every event. I'm far from a "casual", just because you don't agree doesn't mean to throw that word around as if I've only been posting here for the past year.
Reminds of sid(?) from toy story.
The UFC brand will always be bigger than any fighter. Conor at this point is a rich keyboard warrior while fighters like Ferguson and Halloway are out winning title fights and on unbelievable winning streaks, he's the opposite of what he was last year. It just looks pathetic on Conor to talk about fighting and try to mock the current murderers while he has not defended a belt and fans are catching on that. MMA has no off-season and we MMA fans have a very short term memory because a new event occurs almost every 7 days. 
I don't think they talked about him, just listened to the latest episode like 2 hours ago, Ben folwkes and the other guy in the main event podcast did though. 
I remember years back Nate would have the similar gripes about the UFC. He expressed frustration fighting in front of many millionaire-celebrities and millions of people, who know who he is, on live television to end up getting paid 30/30 for a fight. 
Speaking of former champs, I got a question and sorry if it's a bit off topic. I believe KG is training with Rafael Cordeiro at Kings and has had him in his corner in recent fights, was Cordeiro going to corner against Silva had that fight happened? Cordeiro and silva go way back so I wonder if any light came out if it's just strictly business or if they had a falling out.
They are definitely told what to say, Paul felder confirmed this today in the UFC unfiltered podcast saying sometimes they tell him not to talk about a fighters losses etc. 
Very dumb way of thinking from the guys part. Yeah, that really motivates me to go out and try my first shot of meth just to make sure if I like it or not. 
One in front of his country to take his belt and the other in your country to defend your belt.
I didn't know he was previously married at all, I never heard or saw any of her in any of Maxs countdowns or fights. Married real young I guess if his kid is seems to be around 5 or so
Why does she do that? Does yelling out his name motivate Eddie? 
Think it's more that this should of been the version of IOS 11 on launch day. I would never update to a new iOS on launch day, that's what I've learned these past couple years with Apple.
Oh thank god it's a joke. I thought OP was referring to that his friend was getting so old that it was now hard to hold a controller and play videogames, was really worried about the future fora a second there. 
A jacked Boricua.
Parents would have beat the shit out of me for hiding their keys and have them miss an important meeting. 
This isn't needed. The UFC just needs to add in DJs contract that his full show/win money will be guaranteed if TJ doesn't make weight/gets sick/pulls out the week of the fight, similar to what DJ was asking for earlier this year. 

The problem is the UFC doesn't want that responsibility and would rather have the fans shit on DJ and say he's scared and doesn't want to further his legacy/popularity.
What does "heart of a champion" even mean at this point. We have Mcgregor who hasn't defended his belt, miocic getting paid less than other HW fighters as they are in the undercard, Dana and the UFC willing to hypocritically throw you under the bus any chance they get to get leverage against you. It's all bullshit that doesn't pay the bills at the end of the day.  
And the UFC doesn't want to guarantee pay to MM if TJ misses weight. They want MM to take all responbility if such fight falls through at the last minute.
Ferguson doesn't have to defend the interim belt. If I were him I would wait for the UFC to officially strip Conor then he can fight for the real belt. He already has a resume of a champion (amazing winning streak among many top 10 fighters). 
I said this when they announced the game, it's going to be a shitty UFC arcade game because it's made by EA. don't expect a full fledged UFC game with evolution to th previous ones. EA won't increase the budget on this game and has no interest in making it a big seller.
Doesn't sound good, hopefully it's  all just blown out of proportion. If the Irish mob scared the shit out of Dana enough for him to pack up and move to Vegas, then they will make sure Conor gets the message clearly if this is all true. 
 weidman vs Jacare would of been more fit for a FOX card 
Release the game and three weeks after launch activate paid loot boxes. All reviews will be out and it'll be too late for fans to complain. Activision has had success with this tactic in COD
Sucks that Anthem has so much potential to be a great game, but will fail when they announce its heavily a multiplayer game with a short story and loot boxes. 
Makes sense, I'll look for a stream for this card. 
It's ok. I prefer Luke Thomas or heavy hands, I always learn something out of those podcasts. With Joes podcast It's basically a recap and not even a detailed one. 
He also has a hard to to criticize at times. I get he will get shit from fighters and coached but at least Schaub will say things the hardcore mma fans are thinking. 
After discovering Wyman and (Rebusch?) Heavy hands podcast it just makes everyone else seem like they are Robin Black. I was listening to this this morning and I just cringed when he talked about Ngannous great boxing skills I believe is what he said. 
Agree with this. I've seen videos of this where it's a ps4 but the kid opens it up to see its a bunch of rocks and the parents say that they have the ps4 and it'll be his once his grades come up.
Do you know why it's banned in China? 
Idk if she still has the same boyfriend but if she does i feel for the guy. Like you said, she's usually in entertaining fights but it must be hard seeing your gf, who's pretty hot, lose 6 in a row. She's still young so hopefully she gets experience and newer skills at the regional scene and gets the call back up. 
We all have to be honest here, we don't actually know how big Of a star JJ is, and I'm a huge fan of hers. Her past couple of fights have been co-main or lower on the big/stacked cards. Hardcores love her obviously but I haven't seen that same acknowledgement outside the mma bubble. 

I'm more worried that people on the outside will not like her and just see her as a bully by her trash talking and staredowns when she has been doing the same thing before she won the belt.  
That's what she said, read the article.
I remember the good ole days where Dana would promote any fighter that was headlining. He would to the scrum and if the reporters asked Dana that fans thought a tactical fight was boring then he would rip them a new asshole and say "you're not a fucking fight fan" then ramble off the fighters credentials and highlights. He would do multiple interviews promoting events, compared to nowadays he just does it for Conor, MSG, IFW cards. 
Are you new? Dana and the UFC have shitted on cyborg, they would have never done that with PVZ or Holly. At the most Dana has shitted on Hollys manager, but that's it.
Paige pulls out of a fight and rumor was that she was getting the 125 title shot. It was all rumor of course and who knows if the UFC was heading that path until they saw the shitfest that they and PVZ got when she announced the tweet. If those rumors were true then without a doubt they push the young pretty blonde with a bland personally. 
I would say yes for PVZ. Dancing with the Stars gets millions of casual viewers. Maybe they don't follow her but they've seen her and recognize her as a fighter.  
PVZ has to be one of the most boring personalities, even Ben Folwkes who interviews and writes about fighters lives has admitted she was super boring. This just proves Amanda's point, PVZ got a huge push and may still get the push when her fight creeps around while she is the champ who retired Ronda and dismantled Meisha.
This clip is good but the right kick after a low left thigh kick on Pettis in round 3 is much more insane to me in my opinion. That kick was so nasty that you can see pettis twitch in place for a second.
I imagine this

https://m.imgur.com/gallery/9unfFH5


This is the closest thing I found. I remember he was doing many interviews bashing net neutrality because people were pirating ppvs, then he challenges people to hack him and they end up revealing his address and personal info. Then it all ended up being the personal info of an old lady named Dana white, supposedly. 
You're right but it's a small step that's getting people's attention. 
I love when Joe does podcasts with just Redban or if there's other comics around. You'll get some really funny stories out of him and that is where he really shines. 
I doubt it, that's what pays the bills for those cards.
And to make room for UFC content on dates where these other major sports also have the same slot time. For FS1 is was a bargain because it helped launch FS1. 
I don't, with the chances of net neutrality being repealed soon that is the last thing I want at the moment. 
This is the kind of thing that makes me hug my single-player games tighter at night.
I've listened to all of the episodes for unfiltered, they usually have their own take but just never talk about ratings or ppvs, unless it did very well then they will slightly mention it. Then again, Matt and Jim do this podcast as a hobby so I wouldn't want them to talk about the business of the UFC when we have Luke and Ariel more intuned in that world. 
The moron will end pre ordering in the future anyways, fuck him. 
Usually (+) means underdog and (-) means favorite. Rarely there will be fights where both are (-) on their odds.
Luke was on TFATK? When did this happen? 
I'm sure  it was confirmed last week that it was Holly that was holding out in that fight. 

Edit: wording 
He was referring to one tweet that the UFC put out, that's it, not how a fight was purely marketed throughout. The UFC puts out multiple ways to market a fight and one of them is going to be with the term "violence" used.
I have some houses in Detroit to sell you.
Apparently you haven't gotten the memo, weapons will be in there.
Don't feel bad for tbem now, feel bad when EA decides to fire people, cut costs, shut down studios.
It may be you're area. Friends and I are over 25 and childfree and I'm sure they remain to stay that way forever. 
*head first*
Death threats get thrown at kickers missing field goals, I'm sure anyone with a big name gets them constantly.
I would say that was only possible because tickets for UFCs first event at MSG was a huge even. The card had already looked impressive before that announcement. I would compare it more to the announcement of Rondas comeback last year. I believe it was announced on Nov 11 at the weigh ins and they already had a promo trailer, posters ready for that event.  

Edit: a huge event. 
Last year they used 205 to advertise Rondas comeback. They definitely don't have anything planned with Conor, that was the best time to market their end of the year ppv.
Those courts and judges aren't free. I am not paying to defend myself from saving a life. If it's not a family member or friend then I'm not going to perform cpr, I'll let someone else risk on being the hero.
Anthem had my attention until they showed the demo at E3 and it was really feeling like it's suppose to be a multiplayer game. I want to explore that world in single player with a great story behind it. 
Voting with your wallet is the way it should've always been. Their are plenty of games out there that put out a better experience without trying to rob you blind.
Right, I am all for the hate on EA but at this point in time who are all these dorks that pre order a game. I can barely understand preordering a game maybe a week and a half out from release but months out? Partial blame has to go to the consumer. 
Of all the years of me playing baseball, all the way up to varsity in high school, I have never seen anyone throw their bat into the field like that. I would say that's intentional and here is why. The batter has to stop the motion of swing of the bat with her wrist and not only does she do that but flicks it with enough force to roll it out towards the pitcher. I'm glad the pitcher didn't step on the bat or anything, but definitely an asshole move by the batter.
And a solid hit too.
Fuck the political bullshit, this is the South Park episode we need.
And I remember Dana saying at the time that they didn't have to make the fight for free but they wanted to give something to fox to show their appreciation.
I'll give you a better one, chris weidman was champ more recent than Pettis, and only has a win over a welterweight. 
I'm always excited for a Pettis fight but I hate his fanboys. It's worse watching one of his fights in a bar because most of the time these morons will be so amazed when Pettis throws a flashy kick that hits nothing but air.
Better  make the that confident bet against her in her next fight.
The smarter move would've been to keep her mouth shut.
I like Colby though :( 
They are not all cosmetic, previous call of duties already have weapons in the loot boxes, and you really think this on won't contain them, you can be a shill all you want but let's see what you're excuse will be when the loot boxes are fully out. 
All dlc is optional, all these people bitching about loot boxes in current games is just fake news I guess. 
Thanks, saw the YouTube video of the crowd that was near when that comment was yelled, didn't know it was the same the Rogan and the crew heard.

Edit: when that comment was yelled. 
Correct, head kick landed during the "f you TJ" Chant. Rogan I believe was referring to someone yelling out something, like a woman's voice, I could not make out what was yelled.
$4.2 billion company people.
He has done some modeling in magazines when he was younger if I recall correctly, and the UFC had him model the new wave of Reebok kits in the reshoot of that shitty reebok commercial. 
And John Dodson is looking good at 135. If he gets a impressive win tomorrow against Moraes then that whole "flyweight division is weak" argument and nonsense parroted by cock suckers. How can anyone say the division is weak when there are fighters in their with great striking, bjj, cardio, taekwondo, etc.
Can confirm, I'm salty. I'm salty more because loot boxes are not deterring people from buying it, thought it would, so now I expect for SWBF2 to sell very well.
Agree, it's incredible the band wagoners that come out of nowhere and shit on Joanna now. I expect some discussion about Roses promotional abilities when she is stoic and doesn't want to do much media in her title defense.
Can't find the original vid but Cody had couple drinks on TUF and was repeating it. He says its something he got from his uncle, his uncle used the line to tag an Instagram photo and it stuck with Cody.

http://youtu.be/Twr49KCrrEI
Yes! Can't wait for her to come back already, hopefully by March we get to see her again.
And scorpion is dumb enough to be a follower and do reckless things all because Quan Chi would tell him to do so.
I will continue to upvote.
Idk why those fuck faces would be worried about reddit when Instagram has accounts with over 100k followers with all finishes. 
Super Effective!
Especially when they were promoting Cody real hard this week, he was one of he fighters to help unveil that body armor sponsorship. 
I am rooting for Bisping because I don't even want fans and the media to entertain the conversation of a Mcgregor vs GSP fight. PVZ is already rumored to be fighting for the 125 belt so it's in no way out of the realm that WME is thinking of Mcgregor vs GSP
What are you talking about, Dana said yesterday that this has been the best year for the UFC, they are fine right now /s
Fuxk that, she gets the true 125 champ, schevchenko.
UFC is guilty of doing dirty shit too. Fox is just using their leveraging tactics that UFC would have done to anyone else.
You're thinking of what Joe Benevidez said to Henry Cejudo. 
TJ can switch stances like Cruz and therefore people say they fight alike and I also disagree with that. Cruz fights great when people are on the offensive against him. Once he has to go forward he has to use much more energy to create angles to throw one of his combinations. TJ is great at using pressure and footwork to be offensive.
The Rashad head was epic, and I love Rashad.
Regardless of her behavior people want to see her talk. Reporters weren't exactly dying to ask rose questions yesterday. 
That is truly an interesting take, and add 4 kids and a wife to support. Im sure the stress is out of this world for him trying to raise such family with the unstable life of being a fighter. 
They need an owner mode but that will be shit since we don't have information to fighter pay and contracts. NFL/MLB games that I've played would have such a depth managing system to manage player contracts, stadium aesthetics, concession prices, etc. we need a "Dana White mode".
I agree. EA doesn't give a fuck, they just wanted to cash on the UFC hype and the UFC wanted to be with the the best sports-videogame marketers. 
I agree but let's not pretend the EA UFC games had awesome gameplay, It's an ok Arcade fighter.
Graphics could be way better. This is PS3 graphics with the motion capture of a ps2 game. It's EA so don't set any high expectations.
Gollum, Golem is the Pokemon. 
Yes, and in almost every ppv they have are promoting the newest videogame or movie and usually has its own commercial segment before the ppv, I'm sure those aren't cheap.
I didn't believe it until Matt Serra said he personally saw it. That's when I figured it existed.
Bisping said he will fight again if he wins. To me it makes sense because that's another payday waiting for him to fight as a champion again since he gets ppv points. 
UFC has a lot of leverage but we will just see how desperate they are to get the biggest combat sports star back while still relevant and in his prime. Dana didn't directly shoot down questions of Conor getting company stake months ago.
I can see both sides but at the end of the day thats what negotiations are for. If the UFC doesn't feel Conor deserves a piece then it's up to them to decide if he's worth it when he is the only mega star remaining in this down year. At this point for Conor it doesn't matter if the UFC made him or not. 
They need to get some hardcore mma fans to work on this game for me to buy. That face off is weak as shit, Conor never faces off like that. Don't make me feel like a can pick out the incorrect details from a mile away. 

If the MLB can have a game with hundreds of pitching/batting styles, uniforms, stadiums, leagues, etc then EA needs to stop being cheap and focus on those details that mma fans truly love. It's EA so I expect loot boxes to be in the game way before we see attention to details.
This is EA, I wouldn't be surprised if somehow they put in microtransactions and go as far as putting in loot boxes in the game.
You're right, I was more referring to a stiff jab as offends rather than a feint, Joanna's jab comes to mind when I think of an effective jab or even GSPs against Koschek.
When is this out? 
He's not bad for mma, but he's the type of fighter that would be a greater threat if he had a decent jab. Many mma fighters don't have a decent jab but that's slowly being something of the past. Love the evolution that's been going on in fighting the past couple of years. 
What a cunt 
Then Bet the house on a draw.
Mcgregor and the UFC don't really care about what's good for the fans. If they did then Dana would've fulfilled his promise of Conor fighting in Europe after beating Aldo. 
I think Cody should be a favorite but 2-1 is a bit too much, especially since Cody is coming off the back injury. More power to people putting money on TJ though.
Luke Thomas mentioned it as well during one of his live chats. 
Right! Feels like I saw this two years ago. Fuck my life!
Like I said in other threads, people can be mad of what Colby said in the post-fight interview but it didn't up being one of the most things talked about this event. Now he's on people's radar and he will be on the MMA hour further promoting himself, and this will lead to other interviewers and sites wanting to give him some air time. 
That's probably the most dangerous version of Dan. Retirement Home Henderson feels at home and isn't afraid to beat the shit out of people in his lawn. 
I don't see how Colby is an asshole. We have had way worse people in the UFC, like Uncle creepy, Jon jones, Travis Browne, Ronda. Those are fighters who are assholes or have shown asshole tendencies. 
I agree to a certain extent. To believe that the scenario is going to change Conor's star power is pretty dumb. It didn't change how people viewed Cerrone after he said it in a interview at an event to DC, all because DC was seen as the "boring paper champion" at the time. 

A word Conor uses isn't going to change people's opinion and it's stupid to try and hold his feet to the fire when there are active UFC fighters who are willing to be paid to be around someone that has an army and actually hunts down homosexuals. 

That whole thing is blown out of proportion. Conor has to watch what he says when he is talking to his friend backstage in an moment? He didn't say it in a press conference or interview. 
Bisping at 213 I believe 
Then they get mad when fighters aren't putting themselves out there when it comes to promotion. 
I don't mind animals. There are much worse words in the English language Colby could have chosen that would have definitely crossed the line. If he had said "fags" "peasants" or something to that effect then I couldn't have defended Colby and all hate hurled his way would have been just.
I agree, people complain when fighters don't make a statement but Colby makes the most exciting post-fight of the night and now he's an asshole that should show class.
At the end of the day this is the fight game and he chose this way to promote himself. He didn't hurt anyone physically, and now we are talking about him and will most likely be on Helwanis and other interviews getting asked about it.
There was a photo on IG of all three I believe and one of the comments was Bisping with just the word "Nerds". 
Congrats to Chandler. Hope he gets the rematch and beats the shit out of Primus.
And moraga I believe. 
And some of those yes men included Dana, Lorenzo. 
It gives me the same vibe I had when King Kai described the hierarchy of the Kai's in the Buu saga.  
Hate to be that negative Nancy but I think this is just talk to gain headlines and get more leverage on the current TV negotiations. TV deals are a more stable and lucrative. Dana and the UFC weren't touting this statement as they were signing TV deals in other countries that would make a fight pass exclusive to the TV deal they signed to that country. 
I find this one a little more impressing.

https://instagram.com/p/xOcSAaLuLI/
I was listening to the joe rogan experience podcast with Dave Smith as guest yesterday and it was the first time I ever heard the argument that being a draft dodger is a genius move and "God bless him". 

I don't really get into the whole politics scene, just follow it and move on with my day, but I dont know how one can respect someone that dodges a draft and then is willing to play the tough guy not scared of war when he wont be in the front lines is pretty disgusting.  
I'm kind of a similar mindset. I am careful everyday when I drive just because I would be pissed and be rolling in my grave if I died before Red Dead Redemption 2 came out. 
I remember years back I saw, I believe was a vice documentary on YouTube on how cocain was made in South America to get exported to the U.S.It was a similar process where they used a bunch of chemicals. At one point the guy making it says he never does coke, just to make money, and that people would be hard shocked if they knew what they were really putting into their bodies. 

Edit: 
Here's the vid I was referring to
http://youtu.be/JwA3tjeiB5o
So what weight class is he fighting in, 170? The article and the poster don't state it unless it's just a catch-weight fight. 
Fuck yes!!! Cowboy adds another name to now know about.
People didn't have that excuse when they wanted TJ to drop to 125 to fight DJ when he has never fought or wrestled at that weight. Artems been there and if he can't make the weight then he should definitely retire.
No way. I've been at college baseball and football games where the fans start throwing fists. It's rare to see that at an mma event and I've been to 2 UFC events and couple local mma/boxing events. 

I don't like American Football but the nfl has a terrible fanbase. Bunch of mouth breathers who just follow a team because their family likes it. The amount of morons who I've met that are diehard cowboy or raider fans but yet when I ask them their team is going they just resort to they haven't watched any games, but yet will argue with others who oppose their team. 
Hahaha, I need a birds eye view of the whole fight so I just just see Conor hustle around the octagon.
Oh shit cockauckas! I hope Eddie and Schaub talk about the potential matchup of Tony vs Conor.
I wouldn't want to hold the hand of my SO on the job, that's a little too weird and high school-ish for me. 
Why those two names? Are there famous Brazilian actors/models/athletes that may have had that influence on the people? 
I was more curious of the things hanging. Are they steel balls hanging for a metal chain? 
He has been getting annoying lately, especially with how last week he didn't like the UFC using the word "violence" to promote an event in a tweet. I don't mind the talk of ppv sales, fighter pay etc. because all that determines match ups and the fighters future. 
I feel bad for laughing but if you're that close to the game and you get hit because of lack of awareness then you deserve it. 

This dumb bitch and old hag should know better than to keep your eyes off the game in such seats:

http://youtu.be/VvTkrJPgmfs
100% agree, that's exactly my train of thought. An open world for a halo game will it empty since it doesn't have those rpg elements to incentivize exploring. 
Agree, OP is preaching to the choir but I don't think the post hurts. We may be a minority but as long as momentum stays, it can't hurt to keep spreading the message. 

Many people from different walks of life are on here,  huge youtubers  can be here and decide to make a great vid with facts and reasons about the frustration that they share with us and reaching a much more casual fan base. Same goes form a journalist, blogger, or anyone with an audience to just discuss the topic with.

But it's also important to tell people to not only boycott microtransactions and/or games that abuse the tactic, but to support the games that give us what we want, that's why I bought South Park yesterday. Supporting the games like the witcher, last of us, Horizon, Dying light and etc is also important. 
I don't mind linear games as long as it has great story and gameplay. Fell in love With the uncharted and God of war series last gen. 

Now, I know I'm in the right sub for this but I don't mean it to in a harsh way but Microsoft fucked yo with Halo. That's a franchise that's been bitched slapped and thrown out to the corner and I am honestly surprised I don't hear much talk about it in gaming websites and by youtubers.

I loved First three Halo's and especially 3. They were fun and have great memories doing couch co-op with siblings and friends. Reach was alright and that's the last game I played from them because I expected more of an ambitious road taken with the franchise. That's a game with a universe that I want to explore and would love if it slowly moved a little into open world. 

Staying llinear, eliminating couch co-op, roughly same weapons, just makes me feel as if I played the game by looking up couple videos, just comes off boring and dull. Maybe I outgrew the game but I doubt it because every year I pop in halo 3 and can still have a good time. Halo is a game that has gone to shit by staying with the linear format. 
I would say more than a few.  What I mean is from episodes 1 to roughly 499 he would never talk about coyotes because he didn't read that book about coyotes. I stopped listening around ep 500 and continued briefly on ep. 850: with the newest episodes it seems like in every 2 podcasts he retell the facts he learned about coyotes. 

Sometimes it'll be him rebelling it in multiple podcasts. 3 hours is a lot of talking especially when you recently you have many boring guests and you need lots of filler. I've just come to a point where I know where joe is going to take the podcasts and what he will bring up. 
He does have a podcast, You're Welcome. That's actually the name, dont think I'm being a dick or something, just look up "you're welcome". Three episodes use to come out weekly now he cut it back to 2. 
Fuck reebok, would have been epic to see stipe do a walkout like this and fight in those shorts. I know he's a firefighter but still would've been awesome. 
Had brothers way older than me that would talk to me about the UFC when I was 5 or so, saw it as brutal but interesting. Mom and pops enrolled us into karate/kick boxing  when i was 8-10. That's how I was able to get all my athletic skills that benefited me in other sports throughout middle and high school. 

Was a semi casual during the chuck era because I was high school student and had no money to buy all the ppvs. None of my friends liked mma, I was in the varsity baseball team so their interest was purely baseball. Even though I was a casual during that time, I would watch all of Ariel helwanis interviews, Dana scrums, fighter interviews, read articles, and play-by-plays during live events to keep up with the sport with the lack of money I had. 

My senior year I bought a laptop and discovered how to stream ppvs, that's when I can truly say that was the moment I became a hardcore fan because I was able to watch it the big fights live, and the rest is history. Now I got money so me and friends can catch ppvs at bars and I can proudly say I have gotten many people in my circle interested in mma since I would always talk about it. 
I'm a huge fan of Joe and have listened to maybe 65% of all of his podcasts, and the truth is he can go for 3 hours but not really. Its much easier to go for 3 hours when you re-tell stories to just different guests. I've heard his story of when he caught his fwb making out in the car with his best friend multiple times, or the "coyotes are amazing" talk. I still love the podcasts though. 
Did he leave right away? I remember the UFC doing the sound blast side commentary with him and he stayed until they announced the winner.
 
God I  hope Edson stiffens Khabib with a head kick. I used to love khabib and still love watching him fight but it gets annoying hearing him and his manager make demands when he rarely fights. 
I didn't understand the hype for that fight. I would have Jon winning, I would have preferred a fight with Stipe. 
The post is actually correct. You don't have shit once you have a child. Energy, sleep, sex, time, money sanity, hope, dreams, all that is gone once you have a kid. 
Khabib never went to UFC doctors, he went straight to the hospital. Afterwards, Ali said it was the worst they were treated by the hospital and Dana inserted himself saying "what else did they expect, they never saw real doctors, our doctors". Paraphrasing it of course. 
Just saw a vox video about the cost of child birth. It started of like "this is my wife" and I was thinking "she's cute". Then he adds "and she's pregnant" I immediately yelled out "you done fucked up". Fuck the amount even with insurance and the whole concept of not being able to ask for a price for the procedure.

Here's the video:
https://youtu.be/Tct38KwROdw
How can you do that to your own parents? I can't imagine doing that to my moms. Sometimes when I pass by the house she hands me $100 bill to go do some grocery shopping for her, even if it's going to be $20 some worth of groceries. 

I always give her the receipt with all her change, She doesn't even count the change. The most extreme would be buying myself a cup of coffee along with the groceries and I just pay her back when I get the change.


I would've loved for him to fight Yair. Both are coming off a loss, and that would be a great fight. 
Awesome video man, I wouldn't have known that Ariel had addressed this issue that I've been noticing if it wasn't for your video. Thank you! 
His personality was needed at one point but now it feels like he's burned out and we need someone with that fire again. Dana was most effective when he was able to do scrums, but the UFC has made him dial it back and whenever he does get a chance to talk, he just states the obvious.
I think Dana is overrated when it comes to promotion. Promoting UFC 217 should be a softball to him.  Many great fighters in one card, a legend, a shit talker, bad blood teammates, a young bw champ that's good looking that just dethroned arguably the BW King, a former Champ who has ran through killers to get a tittle shot, a SW killer going out imprinting her legacy as best women fighter ever and is very active, and a young bjj practitioner that will find many ways to stop JJ from cementing her legacy.

And that's the just the tittle fights. Too bad the UFC didn't try to get more interaction between Cody and TJ. Yeah, maybe to the hardcore their feud is redudant but with a card like this it's the cauals attention you want to attract. Nothing better to sell casuals than "bad blood". 
Ariel had good points in the interview, and this sub has been saying that these UFC 217 press conferences have been sucking ass. He gave legitimate reasons and gave his own take when asked upon, and now it's on top of r/mma.

 Someone had to say it, especially with a name within the mma community. Stop acting as if every journalist in different fields are following the some stupid ass 10 commandments of journalism. I just browsed r/all and most articles headlines were completely are out of context of upon reading the article, and pushing a biased agenda. 
Naw, more the dad cop from family matters.
Because DJ has already said he wants guaranteed money  and fight being cancelled if TJ didn't make weight.  UFC doesn't want to agree to those stipulations and that's where that discussion ends. DJ has already said he doesn't want to hear about moving up to 135 unless the UFC is going to give him a seven-figure payday. If the UFC is not willing to pay what DJ wants wether he is worth it or not, no further discussion is needed. 
I remember cus that was the first time I heard paint it black. Great movie from my a childhood, liked it way more than sixth sense.
And now is fighting for the Chechnya dictators promotion. So much for all that soul searching he was doing after TUF, fuck him. 
Probably because they know it won't happen or the UFC won't allow them to do it. Much easier for DJ to go up then any of those to drop an extra 10 pounds when they already look lean as hell at 135. 
The UFC and the media don't even bother to promote TJ and Cody in the press conferences when their fight is a month away, they are all focused on Bisping vs GSP. It was always stupid for people to think DJ beating the 135 Champ is going to get him mainstream popularity. It'll just solidify to every hardcore fan that he is p4p #1 hands down and that's it. 
Should of had Edgy Brahs face photoshopped over the Truth from San Andreas. 
More that the UFC told tmz to follow Bisping. UFC has a partnership with them. Tmz would have never been at the press conference if it wasn't the partnership.
Two years ago those fights would be in the main card and Hendricks vs Borra and masvidal vs Thompson would be main and co-main for the prelims.
They remind of of the Kangaroos from the movie warriors of virtue. 
I want Bisping to win, and I like both guys. The UFC only knows what they will do with the MW division in the future but I don't want the possibility of GSP vs Conor for the MW title to be thought of. 
I think he was always like that, but for me it's much more clear to see what Robin is now that we have more people breaking down fights at a detailed technical level. We have bjj scout, jack slack, heavy hands podcast, Luke Thomas, UFCs inside the octagon with Hardy and other British guy (forgot his name). He's the taxi while everyone has moved on to uber. 
Have fun brother, this is a great card for a first event. 
I'm actually interested in a 2007-2015 White Nissan Altima. They look good, nice interior, great mileage, and rarely hear bad stuff about them. 
Exactly, I kind of understand what Ariel is hinting at but it just seems he's just trying to make a big deal out of something small. The UFC is violent, and a tweet advertising as such is so insignificant that he couldn't remember exactly which fight the UFC was advertising as "violent". 
 
Ariel may be talking about blood and kicks to the head but what Frankie Edgar did to Yair was violent even though not much blood was coming out of Yair and was not TKO'd. News could report that a man was beaten and shown a picture of the same physical damage that Yairs eye had and one could say the man was violently assaulted. Terminology doesn't change just because one was in the streets and the other in a regulated cage fight. Blood vessels near the eye were severely damaged in both cases.  


Yeah, I think it's a dumb discussion to have. If the UFC wants to advertise a fight as "violent" then they are in right and I didn't even think twice about it until Ariel had to bring it up. I don't mind the UFC announcing that an upcoming fight like Robbie vs RDA will be violent. I'll be more offended if they said Pearl Gonzalez's next fight is advertised as violent. 
Also maybe Dana will realize to not shit on his fighters if he is going to have them in a platform where the consumer has to pay $60 to see them
Fight.

I blame mostly on the UFC and Dana. I remember Dana would make prmotional rounds with ESPN, radio, and do scrums to promote the upcoming card and give reason as to why people should be interested in the headliner and the killers in he undercard. Now, you'll be lucky to even see him show up to an event. He doesn't go to fight nights or fight pass cards unless it's big fox, and didn't show up for UFC 215 because he was on vacation. 
Dana white has some good ideas at times but when he has shit ideas, they are a steaming pile of shit. Remember TUF live? I don't known the UFC was thinking with that shit, that's when my love for TUF ended. Dana try to play it off saying it was something new they were trying and we're definitely looking to do it again in the future, never did nor mentioned it again.
I'm in no way as smart as anyone in the Endeavor (WME-IMG) team so I am not going to pretend like it. I just can't see why they were willing to pay $4 Billion for the UFC. Didn't the Star Wars franchise sell for roughly the same? Disney has many avenues to financially gain from Star Wars with videogames, action figures, mobile games, license food products, ticket sales, Dvd sales, spin off animated series, soundtracks, etc. 

I remember seeing a video by the UFC on Twitter couple months back and it was like a trailer with Dana in the background saying something like "people are saying that Ari overpaid for the UFC, and we are going to prove them wrong" or some bullshit like that, I just laughed because it came off as if Dana has to keep this persona that Ari and his team bought a hill above a mountain of gold. 


Yeah that was annoying. I like Luke but at least give us a hint or spill the beans now that months have passed by, and just use the word "allegedly".
Didn't Lee say that he was done at 155 and is moving up to 170? Did he change his mind or was that false reports? 
100%. And all those ppvs that headline an interim belt should not be taken seriously, and the UFC is stupid enough to feel as if fans should if they pursue a fight with Conor vs Diaz. Interim belt contenders don't get ppv points and it doesn't guarantee them getting a tittle shot, so I can't blame fans for low buy rates. It's 2012 all over again where the UFC tries to pass ppvs with fights that should headline big Fox but now they slap "interim belt" on the poster.
Is that guy next to the purple shirt guy at 0:34 doing a hell hitler salute or just waving that it doesn't count? I barely watch football so I have no idea if that's a hand gesture for a touchdown not counting or something. 
I agree with you, but videogames isn't going anywhere for me. I still have a backlog of games I need to play from years back. 
Wasn't there a while years back where the Gracie breakdown was hidden behind a paywall. I remember watching every one I was able to find and at one point they stopped producing them and only gave a trailer of one, and that's when I slowly drifted away. Now I catch them whenever they get posted here. 
Let her believe what she wants to. At the end of the day she will be putting money into the economy once she has kids, obviously that's if she stays working and supports the kid. Let breeders stimulate the economy and we, as child-free people, enjoy the flexibility of doing more with our money. 
He was never taken off ppv points. He negotiated a flat rate to begin with. His fight on Saturday was first with ppv points, Malki may have been able to get him a good deal on his contract. 
Shittiest UFC cinematic promo. They seriously fucked up on this one. There are 3 title fights on this card, which is rare, have Cody and TJ in there. Where is Joanna and Rose? The UFC 205 promo was the best at promoting all 6 fighters in less length than this trailer. 
Agree, this is the worst cinematic promo the UFC has done for one of their big cards. They just needed voice overs from radio interviews, journalists, and dana like they did with the promo of 205, 207. 
And I loved it! Very Tony-esque.
That's who he needs to dress up as for Halloween. 
Right, it sucks even more that anything you purchase to go/see and event is a risk. You can plan way ahead, get the best deal in hotel, flights, seats, but the Card can ultimately fuck your whole experience.
For this being the "card of the year" with 3 title fights it sure didn't have that magnitude to it. That crowd sucked compared to previous conferences, but I'll give it the benefit of the doubt and say that Sunday's events sure had an affect of the atmosphere in Vegas during fight week. 
And she got the job by being a referees wife.
Or that fan last months embedded where he went up to Amanda as was like "hey, big fan........ When's your next fight?" 
I'm more impressed with the aircraft landing. They immediately stop, holy shit! 
I actually thought they were going to run the clip of Anderson digging his knee in Bispings face just because I couldn't recall a highlight of Bisping throwing a flying knee. Now it Conan mentioned a question mark kick then It would've got better and would be a perfect softball approach to have Bisping demonstrate it. 
I'm afraid he's too intense for the casual audience especially conans audience. I would love to see it but I can see it being a bit awkward. I'm sure I would have a change of opinion if he went on Joe Rogan on I could see what he's really about after 3 straight hours of conversations.
And on a Friday ppv which is impressive in itself. 
Same. I hated him on TUF because he came off to me as a prick and I was a fan of Hall so of course I wanted to see roundhouse him to the shadow realm. Overtime he grew on me and I became a huge fan of him. 

Loved his come back fight against Eddie Gordon and was devastated to hear the drugs he was messing with. Dude had a Very fantastic body, pics of him cutting weight would be at the top of r/mma the week of his fights, and was a great writer. I surely Miss the man.
I'm sorry to hear, hopefully things get better for ya man. 
My pros is not only the huge expense I save from being childfree, but in a small way, sticking it to society. Corporations will make any excuse to pay people as low as they can, but expect to keep growing every year to succeed. I won't contribute to that at all. The baby industry won't see a penny from me and neither will a university other than if I continue my schooling. I will rarely ever have to buy school supplies, a bunch of sugary cereal (I'm a corn flakes with strawberries guy), clothes that will be thrown out in half a year, gas for after school activities, extra airplane ticket on vacations, red bulls for the lack of sleep if be getting, and so on. All those avoided expenses means less sales tax as well which equals more money for myself. Some industries rely on reproducing and fuck them and their advertisements pushing the image of a happy person is one with their own messy kids. 
Don't forget Pettis vs Aldo. That was so close to coming to fruition, damn injuries.
I agree that it's fucked up but I have never seen it happened. I'm sure these assholes are out there and  maybe Im lucky i go to a gym full of nice people. 
Can't see it happening. ESPN is having massive cuts and I'm sure they have plenty of content at the moment. Spending millions and trying to make room for UFC content would be hell when they have football, college sports, MLB, boxing, nba, all on their. I can see the deal being spread out to multiple networks but that would fucking suck and I can see the UFCs fan base go down just because of that.
Same here. I got used to Foxs production, UFC tonight, TUF, and one (with fox affiliated channels) place. Got to admit that I would hate change, especially when I think back of how bad the first Fox events were when it came to the production. 
Not only that but the UFC doesn't have an off season. Events, crazy news, fight announcements, injuries, and all that comes with it are occurring around the clock all year and I am sure that's something FS1 loves.
I would say the UFC wouldn't mind Cruz as champion but know he won't be there for long. The UFC gave him a commentator gig, speaks well, intelligent, and other media likes talking to Cruz. He's promoted his fight with Cruz very well when at the moment Cody hasn't been in any worthwhile interviews, besides podcast that reiterate the same nonsense for that past year.

 I can't wait for the TJ and Cody fight but you got to admit for a fight happening in a month they have done some shit promoting, maybe we will see if we get anything on Friday.
I'm somewhat guilty of this. When friends ask what I did last week I reply that I was "busy", then list out that I was busy with running couple errands, cooking some food, yard work, videogames, catching up on tv shows/ and sports, etc. I'm not technically busy but I just don't have time in the week for all the things I want to do outside of work.
Even Kimbo beat him if I remember correctly. I thought Houston was going to steamroll him.
Max Holloway actually went to Aldo's  country and finished him in a stadium filled of his fans.

Conor is just saying it because it sounds good and knows it won't happen. Gate numbers won't be what they are if held in NY or Vegas, taxes and expenses to hold the event in Russia will be greater than here in the U.S., time zone difference is another headache the UFC doesn't like to deal with on their PPVs, and the risk of khabib making weight. All of those factors make the UFC scream hell no when they can hold Nate vs Conor 3 in Vegas with low taxes and expenses and break ppv records again. 
When Dana White was going around and telling every possible media outlet he could that Nate Diaz is not a "needle mover" then to put him into headlining cards, then you know he is a needle mover and it was just a negotiating tactic. 
It's not. I believe avg for a TUF episode would be like 600,000 viewers. TUF 10 was ridiculous mostly because it had Kimbo slice and each episode would easily surpass 1,000,000 viewers.
Twice
I'll be ok, As long he does 2 press conferences, one to hype the fight announcement months prior to sell the tickets, and the press conference the week of. Fuck all the media outlets, radios, late night tv, unless those mediums are going to pay him directly.
I haven't heard him drop it, is there any footage or is it on his Snapchat?

Conor's does because you know it's not sincere. Cowboy is still playing the whole "I don't know who this guy is" with Till. 

I loved this fight. Usually I root for Cowboy but I hated his "I don't know tho guy attitude" wether he was serious or not. It doesn't look good to have that attitude, get your ass whipped in front of your home crowd and have Masvidal yell at you if you know who he is now after destroying some of your brain cells. 
Don't be a drama queen. California taxes ass rapes everyone that lives in that state. 
Stardew Valley
Just enjoy the trash talk. 
One that comes to mind is that awful photoshopped  Roy Nelson fight poster vs Nogueira, I believe, where his left hand looks deformed as he throws an uppercut.
Right, and this is the biggest company when it comes to MMA, valued at over $4 Billion, yet they can't get their bout procedures in place at times. Hope to see KGB soon though, such a bummer. 
I would agree with you to a certain extent. Couple weeks back some coke head was swerving lane to lane for about a mile pinching his nose while I was behind him at a good distance, all during rush hour traffic. We ended up stopping at a red light and I could see him adjusting his nose constantly and he ended up slowly dozing off in his red mustang as the light turned red. 

Cars piled right behind him as he held traffic, thank god I knew something was up and switched to the left lane and leave the scene before I was stuck in the hellhole.

And fuck druggies that come up to me out of nowhere as I exit the grocery store asking for money as I have my baby nephew with me. They always seem to get real close and right when I'm near my car so I always have my hand next to my pocket knife as I reject them.
Pretty much. Remember family talking about it years  ago and recently reheard  it  and confirmed by peter schift when he was on the Joe Rogan podcast. 

He's a U.S business man who recently moved his business to Puerto Rico because of  lower taxes and said he just loses the right to vote. He doesn't get taxed federally, just has to deal with Puerto Rican taxes. 
They can't vote in U.S elections . If i move there as a u.s citizen I cannot vote. 

Source: have Puerto Rican family.

Added: U.S elections to be clear. 
After the Mayweather fight I was looking forward to Diaz vs Conor 3, but as time passes by the matchup is becoming boring to me. Maybe it's the fact that I'm excited for Lee vs Ferguson and feel as if the winner of that fight makes for a more compelling match. 
Hope that the goof makes the opposite move just out of spite of Ariel, and it ends up being the winner of Ferg vs Lee for Conor's next fight. 
Any word when Chandler is fighting Primus next? That's another fight I'm waiting for.
Exactly. I'm sure Andrade has everyone raising an eye, but to be tested that many times and still not popped for anything is impressive. Steroids and PEDs. Aren't cheap either, so I'll give her the benefit of the doubt until USADA finds something. 
Red Dead Redemption. Playing it to keep myself busy so I won't spend the majority of the my time refreshing gaming websites hoping for new details of a trailer or release time frame.
I may be having a slow day but I don't get it. Are the top frames the man when he was younger? Who's the kid with the orange shirt? The resemblance of the characters made it hard for my dumbass to get it. 
My exact thought. Have Conor face the real Russian threat, the Russian Hammer.
After Jon popping again I am convinced Many people at JacksonWink knew about it prior and are using some form of PED as well. I will most likely be rooting against every JacksonWink fighter for a while, which sucks because Holly seems like a total sweety but I hope cyborg runs through her now. 
Right, I'm happy for the author, but I take the same fulfilling picture with my nephew. 
A must buy, but isn't it $40? 
Good suggestion, and buy that family member/friend a nice meal or a pack of beer.
I clicked on the link and just looking at the thumbnail as it loaded it gave me flashbacks to when I first saw this as a kid. I'm sure it's the same vid so No need for me to watch again. 

Man jumps hits the corner of the floor thing and the you just see the water being drenched with blood. Then jr transitions to the operation room where you see it all. Totally forgot about this video until now 
They may not be the most skilled fighters at the moment but I love this fight. It may be because it feels like I've known who they were since they arrived in the UFC because of the DWLFAF series, so I'm invested in both guys. 
It's hard not to feel bad for her but at least the father/husband is present. Taking on the tasks as a single mother must be hell on steroids.
Own my house, 10 year old car paid off, no debts, 6 month emergency fund, and no kids. Just sucks that time is limited, but I can't imagine having less time with the. Responsibility that comes being a parent.
Used to wrestle with state champions and its hell. Don't know which thread you may be talking about but there is a documentary of i believe the Ohio wrestling program, and how tough it is. 
That's why they need to be supported. Pre order their games you truly appreciate and buy dlc and boycott the studios that do the opposite. Developers and publishers will see that shitty micritransactions aren't successful which isn't the case currently.
And age. Hate to say it but DC is getting up there while Jon can still be in his "prime" wether the suspension is 2 or 4 years.
Agree, it's sad when those people swarm fighters social media. Couple comments like those are on the branch's vid.
Yeah, I'll skip this game until I find it in the $20 bin.
In the region she committed the crime it is. 
Sucks that Sean retired recently. Entertaining fighter and great personality.
Don't worry, he will, and CM Punk will be at 99.
That sucks for such a good fight night card. At least they didn't have that struve-volkov card. Hope this means the UFC will bring a Phoenix card again soon. 
I don't mind him pulling out, little bummed out when I heard but I'll still be looking forward for him being back in the cage.
Boxing has to be one of the worst sports to bet on. I've seen many boxing matches where -1000 are common. 

Then you have big fights like last night where judges scorecards can't be justified other than there was a fix in place, just like 2 judges didn't give Conor the early rounds vs Mayweather. Two of the three judges  for MayMac have judged Mayweathers last 4 fights if I'm correct.
I'm glad I streamed this. Good fight but those scorecards really put a shit stain on the event. 
Too early. These new prospects should at least wait to be at least half way into their career or have impacted the sport greatly like Conor before thinking about a documentary. 
Will they cover the main card or just the main event? I don't think it matters when I think about it just because they hardly pay attention to great prelim fights in other fight companions.
I have 6 and jailbroken as well. Battery is still running strong and this years phones didn't do much to convince me to switch. If an X 128 GB was available then I would've been tempted to bite but currently I can't imagine living without YouTube +++ (saves YouTube vids onto phone, phantom ( snapchat jailbreak), Instagram +, swipe selection, and etc. 

If I see a significant drop in the battery in January then I'll replace it and just hold out for what next year has in store. 
I have no clue what next years lineup of iPhones Apple will bring or what they will be called, but it seems to me as if the X is just a whole new product from Apple that will see the most dramatic improvement in the next couple years. The Apple watch and TV has not really come out with anything to get people excited, but the Future X can remove the top notch, be widen on par with the plus series, larger battery, better water resistant, and so on. There are many improvements that will be made to the future X and I wouldn't be shocked if the run of this phone gets flack and dissatisfaction from owners  by The end of the year.  
I would say DC is above Conor without a doubt. Fighters have always said that defending the belt is way harder to do because all the targets are on you and you have much more to lose than the challenger. If I champ successfully defends then he/she just retains the belt, there is not much to gain further after becoming a champ other than gain more fans and create your legacy within the sport. 
Brendan has been pretty vocal against Jon. Last podcast with joe he was saying he was off the bones train and doesn't believe anything him or his crew says. 
I don't mind the shit talk but it has gotten mundane at this point. I just want to see how codys and TJ's styles match up. That's my fight of the night at 217, just above JJ vs Rose. 
Isn't T-Bol also illegal, I've heard that you can get arrested for having possession of certain steroids.
Can't wait for the fight tomorrow and I'll be rooting for GGG, but my money and mind  says Canelo. 
When is Bendo fighting again, feels like it's been forever since he last fought 
I didn't say anything about him losing his job genius. I'm referring to there's no consequences for the umps that I'm aware of. That's why I don't feel bad for him, he will continue to get paid to umpire. Should there be consequences for umpires making multiple bad calls? I'll leave that debate to hardcore baseball fans that understand the risk and reward of such penalties and if they help the sport overall. 
I wouldn't that he plays his character in his podcas, and Of course I don't believe that and that's the talk in referring to. If you listen to his podcast he has a pro-company stance, nothing wrong, except when he blatantly contradicts himself. 

Example, he claims 12 title defenses isn't a big deal and no one should celebrate such silly records. What he fails at is calling the main parties that person push this celebration he thinks is nonsense, the promotions. Not once in his reasoning did he say that the UFC is silly or dumb to push These records onto to the public to market, or even during ppvs when they mean nothing, I'm playing with his reasoning of course. 

It's important to call people on their bullshit like Chael, which I believe he wasn't in character,  so moronic fans don't start parroting what their favorite fighters say. 
Yep, I never listen to Chael. He comes off to as trying to be politically shocking, best i can describe it, when it comes to MMA. This week I heard him that DJs amount of title defenses is stupid and meaningless, "12 times isn't a lot to do anything of". Huge hypocrite. 
It may piss off many baseball purists but you're right. The fast food and trucking industry are eagerly breaking to automate as much of their business as possible, yet in baseball it is frowned upon to even suggest that it should be slowly implemented. A ump should be behind the plate to make the calls that the true umpire is relaying to him using pitchcast.
I don't feel bad for him. He majorly fucked and everyone in the stadium knows it, but he will keep his job. Haven't followed baseball In years so I have no clue wether this ump is notorious for bad calls. 
Not a big fan of it, makes me feel as if I'm supposed to look at it wearing 90's 3D glasses.
Yeah short term memory, you apparently forgot that jones popped and just got stripped and the UFC and athletic commissions are all on the same page on This. 
The salt 
I hope DC doesn't accept the belt and decides to fight for it against his opponent. Love DC but brain dead fans will continue to boo him if the belt goes directly back to him and he accepts even though that's the way it should be. His next fight will most likely to fight for the belt so him rejecting the belt and going on media saying "I wasn't the better man in 214, regardless of what happened after the fight. 

I feel like I need earn the title back and truly earn it back with a win." He will come out much as classy as he has been throughout this whole situation, and not give any of his haters any fuel to their dumb arguments of him not being the rightful champ. 
Sorry if I'm out of the loop by what is the stereotype? Is it supposed to be that Indian men are creeps/ perverts or something? 
That ain't a bad idea, then take a vacation there while at it. 
I'm more concerned if it's actually going to make the food cheaper. If it's not then il pass and any automated place can go fuck themselves, I don't want to hear about "robots are expensive to maintain and lowering prices would kill businesses". 
A good amount were Apple employees so I'm sure they got an email to cheer and be enthusiastic. Any other person that cheered is just some moron. 
My jailbroken iPhone 6 is safe. Will switch out the battery next week and good as new. Hopefully Apple can convince me to upgrade next year. 
My new line after a champion defending their title. 
Promoting fighters that mostly this sub knows won't be a worthy top-5 anytime soon is the true complaint and I agree. PVZ isn't a top 5 SW and I she'll only be ranked at 125 because of the lack of fighters. 
Dana already has Cynthia as his new friend. Plus I'm sure Dana knows that PVZ will be getting her shit kicked in at 125 and it's easier to invest the UFCs marketing dollars else where.
He may be referring to the rumors that Apple will have much slower wireless charging speeds than Samsung. Forgot what the technicalities were but Apple is rumored to not have Fast- wireless charging like Samsung. 
I'm in the same boat as you. iPhone 6 owner here and was willing to get the X 256gb that I thought would be $1099. I can afford the $1149 but i hate the upselling of it, that's not including the phone with a 10% sales tax. 

I'll lay off these "future" phones this year and Apple can try and sell me on one next year. Replacing the battery on my 6 is way cheaper. 
Wtf? I would've been ok paying $1,099 since that's the next entry above the 64gb, but $1,149 is really pushed it out of line for me. After taxes it'll be roughly  over $1,300. I'll skip this year around, not interested in being sold apples future when competitors are doing it now and cheaper. 
You're paying extra for the "future".
I may be the minority but I really hate how they emphasize fitness at any Apple watch presentation. I know 5 people who hate an apple watch and their still fat fucks, people don't get healthier over a bull shit watch, they get healthier by good consistent habits. 
I'll be getting it, especially since on a iPhone 6 so it'll be a huge upgrade for me. What was really lame were the iPhone 8/8+, that was the most pathetic part out of the even. A new numbered entry iPhone and yet it looks like the phones from the past 3 years, gtfo with that bullshit. 
Missed the entry where Tim introduces someone, audience claps, and the new speaker says "and now let's watch this beautiful iPhone video" and leaves. 
GTA V needed more trees and wildlife. I would've loved a wide variety of redneck side missions. 
Money can't buy good taste.
Yep, since UFC 188 but it never took off from there from some reason, and also called out Eddie Alavrez.

https://youtu.be/nz8BSrMG4c0
Women.
And that's why I'll root against her even though I love watching her fight. This sub gets stupid salty over dumbshit so I'll always root for nunes and against schev. 
You're right. My stream was cutting a bit but I remember giving big John some serious warnings so I thought eye pokes were taking place. 
I don't think Branch will win. Can see Luke's standup being way more superior and Branch didn't looked good striking at 211. I may be biased though because I believe this is a easy fight given by the UFC to Rockhold to shoot him back for a title fight. I like Branch and his personality, but I find it hard to believe that the UFC was impressed  by his fight at 211, which was the worst fight of the ppv, to invest in him at the tipping end of his career age-wise.  
For the UFC ppv is a good business, as long as they got enough stars, and they don't have to be same star level as Conor and Ronda. If I recall correctly, the UFC needs about 200k ppv to break even per event. I remember seeing that years ago but don't know how true it is or if it's true to this day with all the sponsorships and ads they put during the ppv.
Woodley backed up against the cage the whole fight, schev was backing up the cage the whole fight. Schev fought way more similar to Woodley last night.
Think it was "knee to the body part" as schev barely grazed Amanda.
It was a close fight, could've gone either way. She should've been more aggressive to have avoided this whole situation. 
DJ and Pettis I prefer, even DJ and Cejudo will do. 
Agree. Especially now that she's going to 125. The fighters front TUF 26 would rag doll her. 
What the fuck does his age have to do with anything?  Jon won the title at 23, alright, maybe one of the best fighters is a far stretch. Cody was 24 when he won the belt and Borg is 24 too. UFC can't wait a year to hopefully have Pettis ready.  
The De La Hoya fight was pretty controversial when it happened. People had Oscar winning that fight. 
Damage on ones face is not indicator of who got the worse beating. Some people cut and bruise easier than others. Silva is rarely seen with a beat up face no matter how much punishment he takes. 
Especially when after the fight she is looking like she can go another 5 rounds. John should've taken a point though, but at this point for me, all refs suck until they punish fighters for eye pokes. They know what's going on but yet are scared to act on it. 
Apparently you haven't seen a Holly fight. 
Backing up against the fence is a bad habit. 
At this point every ref, wether it's herb, big John, Goddard, or joe suck until one is comfortable on calling the fighters on their bullshit and acting on it. They know it's an occurring issue and have the power to do it but they pussy out when it's time to take a point in a fight with much at stake. 
I agree with you wholeheartedly, but schev should've came forward a bit more in the earlier rounds, at least in 2,3 to further take them. I don't feel bad for a fighter who still can go after a close fight then claim they are disgusted by the decision. Was rooting for womderboy and he got what he deserved and same thing for schev. 
Let me tell you, that Valentina vs Holly was fight of the year /s
Not like Dana and the UFC were going to help her to begin with. 
Maybe the embedded crew took a day off for Labor Day too.
He was telling Ariel that he was only 8 lbs away yesterday I believe, the lightest he has ever been a day prior to weigh-in supposedly. Fuck Borg.
Prelims on fight pass and force him to move to 135. He's  having issues making it to the fight healthy, there's no point of Borg killing himself and being prone to getting sick to make it at FlyW. Fighters should have to consistently make weight to be considered up for title contention.
I remember seeing a YouTube video explaining it the same way. I'm fine paying for $60 for the game and buying good based story based dlc at 10-15 bux. I have never bought those game loot boxes, or bought games that involve that casino mechanic in hopes to get any kind of dlc.
I was shocked, just cus how late the news came out. Was just seeing the mmafighting interviews they did with the fighters, then I switch over to reedit and main event is gone like that. :(
If you have a PS3 please do yourself a favor and play stick of truth before this one next month. You won't regret it.  Supposedly this one will have a bit more complex combat so stick of truth will be great to prepare you for SPFBW.
I may the minority here but the UFC has to keep Cain out reach from the belt, and forget about using him to attract the Mexican market. You have a better chance doing it with Yair and Grasso. If he gets the belt then expect it to be defended once every two years, meanwhile we have a worthy champion who has defended the belt twice within a year from winning the belt! Stipe is truly under appreciated.
Before clicking on the link I knew it had to be Esther Linn, she always pulls through. 
I would say they made out like bandits. Got out right as regulation and lawsuits were the their doorsteps. They don't have to deal with reeboks future, future broadcast partners ( especially when the fox deal is up, and the TV marketplace is looking uncertain), ongoing lawsuits with Mark hunt and other fighters, weight cutting issues,  fighter pay, and Conor changing the game for what is possible for fighters. 2016 was one of, if not, the best year for mma and they definitely left at a high note. 
It's all based on circumstances with the UFC. If Amanda fails to be in the octagon on Saturday for whatever reason I'm sure the UFC will strip the belt, and at the point I'm sure we will all agree that then it's justified. Stop pretending that there should be rules as such because the UFC doesn't want them. 

They have cards to fill throughout the year to sell and they need any piece of marketable material to sell fights. That's why we will most likely get one "title" fight on UFC 216. They aren't stamping that fight with their "interim title bout" seal of approval because Conor is nursing an injury.
Chael is full of shit. People need to stop with the whole "she/he should be stripped" because the UFC hasn't don't it yet because they know a title fight with Amanda vs schev is the best fight they can make to sell in  WB. Stop with the stupid tournament bracket rules because the UFC is trying to make as much money as they can off of fights, that's why this is on ppv and not on fight pass or on Fox. 
People who don't fight and act tough when they are out in public. It's easy to act tough when you haven't gotten the shit beat out of you in front of many people, doesn't necessarily have to be a fight. I use to wrestle in high school and those workouts and humiliation humbles you instantly. 
Exactly my life at the moment, love my Nephew for the fun moments and being able to teach him things, but once he starts being messy and annoying that's when I let my brother take over. Best of both worlds.
I'm sure the UFC will hold back spending marketing dollars on her now because what is good to market a pretty face if she is going to get beaten.  
Good for her but is there a female in that division that would draw if she's matched up with cyborg? I'm sure if cyborg wants to do this she wants to get paid nicely, unless she's just doing it for fun but I don't think the UFC will be having none of that. 
That's based off what Ariel said. I may have not gotten all the details correct but even luke Thomas confirmed vaguely in another podcast that it's Dana being a sourpuss. Straight from the source.
This week there's more of that, it happens whenever a fighters fights are coming up. He was being glorified all over r/mma as p4p #1 the few days after beating Reiss. Then Dana shits on him and it seems like the whole sub does a 180 and all of sudden he's not  p4p #1 and  Jons fight is on the horizon so they push Jon as the true p4p King. If DJ goes the distance you bet there will be people on this sub saying he was always boring. 
I love schev but I'll be rooting for Amanda just so she can stick up everyone's ass who said she was scared and continued with all the lesbian-butch insults. It was pretty bad here but even worse on other social media platforms. 
You can find them in many places where DJ is mentioned. Yesterday I some some comments saying DJ was boring and others that they don't care about this ppv because there aren't big names to make for exciting fights. This is a decent card and I'm personally excited for it.
Mma fans are so spoiled. They don't remember when the UFC was putting out ppvs without title fights. People complain about titles being on hold or fighters holding up divisions yet here they come to fight and they are more preoccupied wether that person is a draw or how stacked the card is. This is a great card. 3 best card of the year so far and potential for multiple fights of the night.
They could have done the numbered UFC events coming up like they in the UFC during a ppv. Have UFC 215, 216, and 217 stated and dated, then transition to the UFC 217 promo, adding emphasis that is the bigger card with an all-time goat returning. 
Exactly, and everyone knows what to expect from Nate when he fights. He's not bringing in awkward movements or anything. Plus, I'm sure the UFC is banking of still trying to have fans that saw the Mayweather vs Conor buying Conor's next fight, so the narrative and marketing is very easy to sell with Nate, boxing fans at least have an idea who Nate Diaz is. 
The story I know is that Dana got wind of Ariel working on the panel the day of the L.A tour and he stepped in and talked to someone on showtime. Ariel was told someone wanted to discuss something's with him and met Espinoza in an office where he broke the news that someone didn't want him working the panel. I'm sure Dana would've threatened to do the  "pick up his ball and go home" tactic if it didn't go his way. People have also suspected that Conor knew about the situation and why he further attacked Espinoza during the press tour because he folded to Dana and is the suspect to cutting the mic, plus Conor really likes Ariel. 
And I believe Matt Serra and David Branch have schools there as well. 
He should've had a floating flat earth CGI hologram with pin points of the locations of all his schools. 
99.9% of the planet can't name Floyds last opponent before fighting Conor.
Exactly, I would tell friends that Anderson beat Leites and Cote when they would be fighting and they wouldn't believe me until I forced them to look it up. Yeah, it was a long time ago but they couldn't wrap their heads around seeing Anderson defend their titles against those guys mostly because their names don't have star power.  
Yeah, fuck Florida.
I'm glad she is moving up but I can see her now losing way more often. I'm confident the happy warrior would beat her with ease.
Damn, I guess this officially  means no Joanna and Rose in this card.
And I'm pretty sure the interim belt holders don't get paid the same as if they were holding the belt. Fuck all that, I want real title bouts on the PPV's.
It's hard not to talk about beating Ronda when all the questions are about beating Ronda.
I remember him saying that he also didn't watch Conor vs Diaz 1 but had comments about it.
You are a dumbass. This sub is filled with people who don't read.
I don't give a fuck where it's going, that $1.50 isn't going to the family where it should go. A direct donation link to the family solves all these complaints, then consumers can donate directly as much as they want without restrictions.
A direct link to a gofundme would be way more helpful than guilt-tripping the fan base. I don't mind the dlc character, just shitty that only US funds, excluding certain states, will only be able to help the family. A gofundme link in the website and it the home screen of the game would do more good for the family. People can donate as much as they can and directly, Win-win except for WB because they won't see those funds. 
What did the guy pass away from? Just sucks that you have to purchase dlc to help out. They should include a gofundme link when highlighting the character in the game or something if you rather contribute directly to the family. 
This is the reason why I don't hate breeders and kids. Yeah, both are annoying in public places and fill up Facebook feed with useless shit, but at the end of the day they do what I will never want to, and that's having to forcibly increase my spending habits exponentially. Breeders and there kids are paying way more than me in sales taxes, consumables, energy (gas/food), and time. Companies love targeting the mombie demographic because there is so much value there. I rather have people pop out kids and keep stimulating the economy while I sit and save and enjoy my time and money. If a huge amount of people decided to be childfree in a region then there would definitely be an economic problem. 
And she is with ATT now. I believe Amanda wasn't with ATT in her first fight with Valentina. Better coaches and game planning this time around. 
I love khabib and can't wait to see him fight again but I never want to see him champion. Yeah Conor isn't going to defend the belt in over a year but he is I at least see him compete on average three times a year. 
He takes time out of his day at times to brighten up sick children's day, that's enough for me to give him a pass. It could also be an excellent pr move on his part but at the end of the day the kids don't give a flying fuck and end up with a great memory.
Agree, but I mostly stay away from those games that for you to play the casino to get camos, guns,  and perks. Fuck those games, I can't believe people actually let that shit fly.
Games that have the gambling system in place to obtain items. I can't outright buy items with in-game currency or with completing game tasks. It's a bigger "fuck you" when my real-life dollars aren't good enough for me to choose to buy call, guns, perks that I like. I am forced to play the games casino if I want it, and that's if I get lucky. Fuck all those games.  
This is on tonight? Holy shit, I had no clue. The UFC definitely didn't spend any marketing dollars to promote this season, and I'm usually dead on with the UFC's programming. 
Got to attract that Mexican market where Yair and Cain have failed. 
I can never see myself without YouTube. It's all there for me. Daily sport highlights are there for me, the UFC and other major companies put their interviews, promos, behind the scenes,  and news  for free on their. Just with that I am overloaded with more hours of video content than I can consume. 
We can discuss all the technicalities of that situation but at the end of the day if the UFC doesn't strip her then they chose not to, simple as that. This is prize fighting where the belt is much more of marketing tool to attract people to pay money and attention to events the fighter participates. 
Then your gripes should be with the UFC since they didn't strip Amanda after her pulling out. At the end of the day this is prize fighting and the UFC will not waste a champion that can be used on a ppv to sell. To strip her of the belt and have two fighters with less market material to sell a ppv is out of the question, that's why the UFC didn't even discuss that idea. 
I'm thankful for people like Derrick Lewis, a Houston resident  that fights in the ufc's heavyweight division. Just heard his story yesterday of him out there in Houston helping people out. 

http://m.sherdog.com/news/news/Houston-Native-Derrick-Lewis-Assists-Flood-Victims-Affected-by-Hurricane-Harvey-126489
I have a feeling that Brendan is a Conor fan but exaggerates it when the camera is on because he knows Conor has a huge following and more people would welcome him because of it. The maclife, made a video all about Brendan, I don't think he would've gotten that exposure if he was saying that Conor would win rounds but ultimately lose. He doesn't talk about Joanna the way he does of Conor and she is just as game and exciting as Conor. 

Schaub knows talking about Conor gets headlines, especially when saying dumb shit, and he uses that to market himself. He wouldn't bet that Conor would win for as much praise he was spreading, only with the "Conor will win rounds" bet he was throwing out. 
Not only that but both Conor and Floyd made that fight of the night. I only saw the ppv fight card so I have no clue about the prelims, or if they even exist in boxing, but every other fight before the main seemed like a total mismatch and favor for TMT fighters. Even with them being a favorite, most of those fights were boring to sit through and these are athletes that have been doing this for years. I'll take a shitty UFC prelim any day for more excitement. 
Can I have $100?
Max was just selling the fight. Just like how skip and that sharry guy do on their first take show do. It would get annoying hearing either of them during the past couple months, glad it's over though. 
I'd i recall correctly, the sponsorship scene was shrinking because of the tax the UFC had put on them. It went from $25k tax and ending up at a $100k tax just to sponsor a fighter. Sure that kind of fee kills any incentive to advertise. 
Especially after breaking a 3 consecutive loss. I'm a Holly fan but with this maneuver of trying to twist cyborgs arm without any leverage and being friends with Jon jones, I think I'm going to be cheering for cyborg to smash her head in if they fight. 
I didn't know that. I would go to Applebee's with friends at least once a month. Fuck that guy, we'll for sure go somewhere else. 
I have no idea who this guy is but I've heard of him on the fighter and the kid and I think he's been on JRE. He sounds like an annoying cocksucker that always bandwagons the hot thing, and believes his thoughts are groundbreaking. 
I don't think he will get the 4 years. In the beginning of the usada era, we were told that first time offenders would get 2 years automatically. Jones and Brock got half of that for whatever reasoning they had. The one who got fucked the most is Machida, who told usada what he was taking and they busted him and gave him the harshest punishment. 
He's one of Conor's close friends that also fights in the UFC. People would mostly agree that he's only in the UFC because he's Conor's boy. He has a very short reach and has had some unusual moments in fights. He's not a very athletic guy compared to other fighters so people sarcastically call him a great, mostly because he trains with Conor who is a great fighter, and usually great fighters train with other great fighters. 
I think he was saying "bring your boss". Just my guess since Paulie has also been trashing Dana, but you may be right too, could be how he talks.  
Cody also called TJ "boy" in a tweet in March. I'm a little tired of everyone trying to find any little thing to get triggered by, now I hope aljo gets Rivera and Rivera puts a whooping on him. 
Good, Fuck 'em! 
That's so badass, I am extremely jealous. 
I somewhat agree with OP. Yeah I'll get downvoted but whatever, But I find other prospects like knight, Klose, diakese, baby Pettis, Brandon Moreno way more exciting than Yair. Its hard for me to understand the reason he throws many of his kicks during a fight. 

Many of them miss but has people "ooh-ing" just because they are flashy. I prefer simple kicks in combinations that stun it's opponent like Barboza, Aldo (whenever he throws them), Pettis, cowboy, roundtree, even RDA has some nasty ones. 

The UFC wants to put yair in a winning streak since he is young, marketable, and has a grasp on the Mexican market. I dont expect him to be matched up with someone like Lamas, Mendes when he returns, or any fighter with strong wrestling. He was a bit overhyped and him dropping Malki and withdrawing from the elite wrestling program he was in doesn't make me a big fan of his. 
In case I don't see it. You would still have Stipes title fight, Halloway, cm punks rumored return, Jon Jones, the return of DC, Joanna ( if she's not in UFC 217), Tyron Woodley should be cleared to fight after January if his injuries aren't going to need surgery, Cyborg vs Holly. All of these fights along with great undercard match-ups (Edson Barboza, Jacare, Masvidal, Sergio Pettis, Anthony pettis, Weidman, volkan, Gustafson, Felder, Lamas, and so on) can create great cards until March. 
The Mexican lady from previous events is way worse, this guy is major league her.
You must've betted around $10. 
How does buffer announce the decision?

Buffer: Ladies and Gentleman, Herb Dean has stopped put an end to this contest at 2:47 of Round 2 and winner, by TKO by defecation, Felice Herrig.

It's a little too much to stop and publicly announce what happened in there. Feel bad for the first fighter that will have to go through this walk of shame. 
That is true, can't argue with that. Hope he gets Masvidal or a fighter that will really pressure him and win rounds decisively against him so he feels like he needs to come out firing.
Is there a website for all these variations? I know maybe like 10 but would like to add more to my routine. 
Very lucky! Bisping is thanking Woodley for extremely fucking up.
Blame Woodley. 
I put all the blame on Woodley for this fight happening. Dana said GSP would be next against the winner of GSP vs Maia the week leading up to UFC 214, That's how bad woodley fucked up. He fucked up so hard that the UFC took back the fight during the press conference (when they don't make fights after events)  and gave it right away to Bisping. 
All I heard was Dana saying it was a boring fight and didn't want to say much about it because there wasn't much to say.  Then Dana added that GSP will fight Bisping because Bisping fights, don't agree with the decision but I agree that Bisping fights. This is Dana being easy on Woodley to be honest. 
I hope that DC gets respect from all those people that boo'd him throughout fight week. I love the guy and wether you believe he was a real champion or not, you have to respect him for standing toe-to-toe with Gus, defeated rumble twice when Jon hasn't had the chance to be in the cage with him, and won rounds against Jon. 

He didn't beat off a bunch of scrubs, he beat all contenders while Jon was gone, couldn't ask much more from DC. I would have preferred him retire and leave the lhw as it is so fans can see that he, Jon along with Gus are the few big names that draw in that division. The UFC will most likely make the Brock lesnar fight. They want Brock's attraction and star power to rub off on jones while lhw still develops.
How does the UFC sell a division? Do they sell the fighters individual contracts out to different promoters? Do they sell the whole division to a promotion at a discount since most promotions won't pay the fighters what they currently being paid? 


I'm trying to understand how would the UFC do that, unless it's just them bullshitting everyone so people parrot what the UFC says and fighters feel as if they need to take pay cuts when their contract is up for negotiations.
And holm is 35 I believe. She's way up there in age so I can't blame the UFC trying to get as many big fights out of holm before she retires and still has recognition from KO'ing Ronda and having the highlight kick with Betche. 
He can fight however he wants. If Woodley believes a win is a win then good for him. He has been pretty active and should be since he's not taking any damage. His last couple fights have been the most boring title fights I have seen, even silva vs Maia had its moments, and those snooze fest will have fans reluctant to buy his ppv. 

He will most likely always be co-main event and never get a super fight, and he should be happy and not complain because that what he has earned for not taking risks. This was his night to convince the world that GSP should be in there with him, instead he made a case for Everyone to boo him out of the arena. 
Wether you are right or not, Woodley didn't do himself any favors for people to be clamoring for that fight. Fans hated this fight, the UFC was embarrassed by it and Woodley doesn't promote fights as well as Bisping.

 I'm not a fan of the Bisping vs GSP match up but woodley did everything last night to convince me that i would rather watch GSP vs anybody else 
He's just said recently that he just needed to recover and he would want a fight before the year ended because he wants to get paid. I remember him clamoring to return during the fall. 
Let's be fair, many people are pissed off at woodley for that performance. I'm glad he didn't get GSP but I was more leaning that the UFC would do GSP vs Diaz 2, or even vs Nate, if Nick didn't take it. 
Good for him that he's still champ? Yes. Not so good that he will most likely co-main event to every other fighter out there. I wouldn't be surprised at this point if the UFC put his fight as the fight pass headliner. 
And the opportunity he gets. If Dana does make Bisping vs GSP then be lost a big payday and I don't blame Dana. That fight was infuriating to watch, the whole bar got tired and even started booing. 
I would like to introduce your buddy to Tyrone Woodleys fights, they are something to die for.
His manager is Malki Kawa right? Didn't think he would do it, do know the Ali scumbag has been a major suspect on tweeting for his fighters. 
Getting familiar with fighters is the best way to get into the sport, especially before an event. The UFC will have there countdown show for UFC 214 soon. Usually they have it up by Sunday night but it's not there at the moment, maybe by Monday night it should be on there YouTube channel. It'll cover the main and co-main event fighters usually and give you a peak into their achievements and the how they got to their current position. 

They will also have a YouTube series called embedded that will come out throughout this week leading up to Saturday. It's basically the camera crew following the fighters behind the scenes as they get ready throughout the week for the fight, they are nice and roughly 10 min, keep a lookout for those, they will be highly upvoted when they come out.

The UFC YouTube channel has free fights for many of the fighters on this card:

Jon jones: https://youtu.be/3SKn60joIPw
Daniel Cormier: https://youtu.be/w4ZDNsIyrQg
Jones vs Cormier 1: https://youtu.be/wyaopUL1klw

Tyrone woodley: https://youtu.be/IIevsnrLkwE
Damian Maya: https://youtu.be/1BCRH3ecZJg

Cristine cyborg Justino: https://youtu.be/Z3Jg6UzYpkA
Tonya evinger: https://youtu.be/eFSKpOuieq0

Hope this helps a bit to get you more informed about these amazing fighters.



I'll be going, rarely are any UFC fights shown in the theaters, but got to watch Bellator nyc in one some had to go. This is basically the circus that comes around every 4 years, $40 ain't so bad. 
I listen to UFC unfiltered but the name "unfiltered" annoys me a bit. I believe they hardly mentions mousasi's release, don't discuss ratings/ppv buys of events, and have stories completely wrong. 

When they sided with Dana with the Mighty Mouse situation and all Serra could do is say "back then I fought for cheap and would fight anyone", and not reading out MM's message of the situation to better understand it, instead they just assumed he didn't want to fight TJ and just Borg without addressing the terms MM was setting for it to happen. It was a wasted argument and just spouting how macho everyone was years ago. 
I honestly think the UFC is punishing branch for that shitty performance at UFC 211. That was his debut, is up there in age (34 I believe) and is probably getting paid decently. UFC wants him out ASAP. 
Fully agree, I thought the point of the contender series is to give a contract to the most impressive fighters. Le looked great in the ultimate fighter and in his fight on Tuesday. Not to take anything away from the Omalley guy but he kod someone that didn't have his hands up. 
Along with Mauro Renallo, since he is currently going to get surgery for chronic sinusitis. 
The fighters they should start customization should be to the champs first. Not everyone can have their unique design and it'll be too much work for reebok but champs should definitely have their own brand of reebok shorts.
It's decent, both him and florian have personality but I still prefer listening to co-main, bas and Renallo, Bisping and Luis, and called and Schaub. 
$33 for two phones on ting here. I'm always in an area that has wifi so that keeps data at 0. 
I can see that, good thing I didn't know who the hell he was at all until I opened up reddit afterwards. Heard his music on the radio but I never bother to find about new artists,  so when people were posting about him on reddit after the show I still didn't know he was until I googled him. 
They usually don't take care of fighters with compensation, usually it's an empty promise. They will offer him Romero and say if he beats him and then wins the title again, then he will hit the jackpot, basically what they did to Bendo and Mousasi. 
Not even that, just watch couple Shows in English, and once in a while hang out with people who speaks English and he would've picked it up way faster 
Cholo isn't really offensive, especially the way Nick and Nate move and their mannerisms. They aren't cholos but I've had friends like Nick and Nate who are into gangs and that whole lifestyle. 
What a moron.
Thats best thing ever! 11/10 for overeem explosion reference! 
Not only that, but they are seeing a glimpse of how stuff gets promoted in the UFC. Just shit talking, theatrics, face to face stare downs and its all for the fans to enjoy and get excited when fight week comes around. 
Sorry, Who are the two that went to HBO? 
It will be hard to find a bar showing it. Lots of them will be out-priced 
I'm sure no BWW will show it. Talked to many managers in year prior about them showing ppv boxing fights and they said they don't do it because there's no demand for it, and for Mayvspac they were out priced. 
This is the type of guy that earned his pay with his performance. I'm glad sage is getting paid but him getting paid what he currently is getting with those poor performances is really a downer. Can't wait for Justin's next fight. 
Yeah that season sucked! Filled with commercials and delays to make sure they don't go over on time in episodes. 
That's how it should be, fuck getting half your pay if you don't win or if the judges screw you. 
If any bars are showing they will charge more than $10 for cover charge. BWW won't show it. 
Sorry to break it to you my man but I'm 95% sure 
the bars won't have this. They will out-priced and heard from bar managers that dealing with boxing ppvs are a total pain in the ass and not worth it. 

Edit: added "sure" 
I'm with ya. 5 friends and I will to a gather and split the cost. $25 a piece with each pitching in a couple extra bucks for drinks and pizza and we're good to go. I'm pretty bars won't be showing the fight, they will be out-priced just like how they were for Mayweather vs paquiao. 
What did they do after winning? 
Couple months ago I remember hearing he was selling a rare sports car of his for a ridiculous amount, somewhere in the millions and that he couldn't find a buyer for it. Mayweather is a celebrity but I find it hard for anyone to shell out that kind of money for a car of his. If it was a boxing legend like Ali then I could see that happening. 
There plenty of suckers in this sub and on Twitter that are interested in your offer. Plenty of them calling her gangster and all that, without a doubt that Joanna is a badass but to think it was possible is just dumb. 
I have no clue where you live but catching the fights at a bar is always a good time. Hopefully there are some showings around you. Some have cover charges while others don't, just call ahead of time and ask. 
That's one of the stupidest things I've read. She doesn't get paid per day that she is champ. She just missed out on a big payday given this was international fight week and on a decent card. If she is put on the September 9 card then we already know it's not going to be promoted or sell well. 
It's good they didn't mention her. Hopefully all them girls had meeting amongst each other in the back and agreed not to talk or answer questions about her since Ronda can't be bothered to be asked questions on the industry that are her who she was.
Idk about millions. This felt as promoted as the UFC 212 and this was supposed to be international fight week. The one that does seem more promoted is 214, they got their own cinematic commercial which alone isn't cheap. 
Agree, I thought miller would put way more pressure but he just would initiate couple strikes and the take exit back out in a straight line. He just gave Pettis to get comfortable with the kicks and less of a chance being threatened with a takedown, plus Pettis was the on pressuring while in his previous losses he was getting backed up into the fence.  
We have already gone through this discussion, the way UFC runs it is clear it's not a sport and they don't want to be classified as one. It's mostly entertainment, there are no tournament brackets, the best fighters are not the ones that are always the most paid or promoted etc. 
I don't know if time is going by real fast but it does not feel like fight week to me, especially international fight week. Usually there are three embeddeds out already and news regarding all the events happening in Vegas for international fight week. 
Put a $60 price on those videos and we will see if he really moves the needle. 
Why? I would say Flyweight has many great fights coming up with some fighters that are building up their names, yeah it took longer than usual but I believe lots of fans are warming up to flyweights now that they are more educated on the technicalities of mma. Pettis vs moreno in August is a fight I'm definitely excited about. 
She can't do wrestling, her knees are fucked from all the years of doing judo. She had roughly 3 surgeries in the past couple years I believe. 
Tools? Other fighters have already figured out how to negate her tools to have them become ineffective. Her knees are destroyed from her judo days so any level changes, chain wrestling,kicks that she can add to her arsenal at the age of 30 Is out of the question. 
I see what you mean but I those phrases always reminded me of Dana. Those were his go to words when he would have scrums. Even right now, Megan olivi will have a backstage interview with him and she will ask him what's next for x fighter and his reply, "we'll see". 
How much money is this fight actually losing? TJ vs DJ is sure a barn burner that will get 500 k ppv buys right? Get the fuck out of here with that. I'll be surprised if the UFC stacks the card. It'll be a weak card so it'll draw between 100k to 150k ppv buys, which looks good since bellators biggest card was projected to do as much. Then Dana is going to do interviews reaffirming MM is a weak draw and that MM lost out on a big payday enough to retire himself and his family. It'll just be a single tittle fight ppv while UFC 213 and 214 have multiple title fights, with much more star power. 

Edit: and to add, this is if MM's fight is a ppv, it could still be on Fox. If it is a ppv then I see Dana putting him on UFC 215 for September 9 to further make it a failure of a card. Is he trying to do a shit card intentionally? No, but that's a ppv card after July which has two ppvs that are stacked compared to rest of the year in  UFC 213 (international fight week) and UFC 214 (jones/ Cormier), two weeks before the biggest fight of the year where the worlds eyes are on Mayweather/ mcgregor (doubt that the UFC will be able to promote their next ppv in there since it's showtimes product), and a week before an anticipated boxing fight between canelo and GGG. You really can't win as a fighter to sell being sandwiched by stacked cards, spectacle fights, and fights that have been in the making for years. 
Felt bad for Wandy bouncing up and down trying to stay loose and warm with his hand up against his chest. The UFC really did right by removing that shit fest, get on to the fight. I expect to be a more pain in the ass with Mayweather vs mcgregor. 
Wouldn't mind seeing her back but she just had nose surgery a couple months ago since she was going to be putting more time in front of the camera. Why risk messing it up again, especially when I don't think she will just fight cat and be done, unless she loses. 
Anthony Pettis. I love when he gets mentioned on a card cus he's never in a boring fight and his opponents tend to always bring it to him, but right as the fight starts I always root against him ever since his fight against RDA. I guess it was more that he actually really thought he was hot shit at the time, and rightfully so. I mean he just got outvoted nba, nfl, and MLB players to be a on wheaties box, Dana is saying your P4P #1 by far if he can stay healthy, betting odds favored him, media was all over him and I just felt he needed a reality check. Still rooted against him after that because I'm a bigger fan of Gilbert, Barboza, and Hollaway than his, but I'll admit I do want him to get the win against miller because I would hate to see such an exciting fighter get cut or quit. 
I use to work for part-time at a call center for verizon Fios couple years back. I had the ability cancel service but it was suggested to send the customer over to retention. 

If a customer got mouthy and threatened to cancel their service, wether they were looking for discounts or not,  I would just say "are you sure you want to terminate your Verizon Fios bundle?" Customer would usually reply with "yes" and I would say " all done". 

It would take roughly 5 clicks, then I would let them know to pay last bill (usually would have termination fee and be prorate charges), and  return any of  STD's, DVR's, or Modems within the timeframe or they will be charged for equipment and if it's not paid then all charges would be sent to collections.
 I always tried to help the customer and that made me terrible at that job. I would give discounts to sweet kind people, and take off charges to help a customer out if they were struggling. 

Once I cut a customers bill in half. He just moved to another city within California that carried Fios, and ended up finding out he loved mixed martial arts which I'm a huge fan of it. Told me about his kid that trains BJJ and chatted about fights for an hour, definitely against policy to be on the phone that long. He called in to move service to  the new house, but he would have a to pay an installation fee since its service to another city even though he's an existing customer. He was fine with paying it, but I said "fuck that dude, let me see what I can do". I just had to credit items from his bill from the previous months since I couldn't directly waive the fee. His bill went from $300 something to the $80 for that month. That was the most fun I had on that job. 

with shit heads I wouldn't hesitate to be smartasses with them and if they started threatening me then I would add charges. It was a second job I had to make money on the side and also because friends would say lots of beautiful ladies would work there. 
I want TJ vs Cody first, hopefully TJ gets the belt and DJ breaks the record and then I'll be all in for champ vs champ fight. I'll even take Cody vs DJ if Cody wins against TJ, but I'll definitely be rooting for DJ on that one. 
Yes! Can't wait either. Going to watch them at the theatre with a couple friends, excited since the UFC has stopped showing UFC events in theaters around me. 
I don't believe many sports bars will have it. They will be out-priced just like they were for the Maypaq fight 
For me it's more the lack of knowledge and people willing to talk about it as if they know. I've already seen people on here saying the fight doesn't make sense, ITS NOT SUPPOSED TO MORONS, it's supposed to make Hundred of millions for the multiple parties involved because people (casuals) will pay and watch. This fight doesn't get sanctioned if the fighters are not name Mayweather and Mcgregor.
It is a good idea, that's why Dana, Floyds manager, and the NSAC have all agreed and continued on with the fight. As for spectacle, I will wait and see how they promote it, for press conferences, and for the fight. Don't get me wrong, Mayweather should win this handidly, but I'll consider it a success if Conor goes past 5 rounds. 
And so will the UFC, showtime, advertisements because of all the eyes that will be on the event wether they like it or not. Vegas sure is happy to have this, no way in hell would the commission sanction a fight with a veteran boxer against someone 0-0, it's all because of the payday it brings to many people. 
This is true, and if Mcgregor happens to win then Floyd can have a rematch against Conor. 
Then you're going to have to wait for the torrent cus it's for sure going to be over $50.
Most pubs and bars won't be showing this fight. It's a showtime fight and it'll be too expensive for them to justify buying it. Same thing happened with Mayweather vs paquiao 
I am 75% positive that your most bars won't have it. Buffalo Wild Wings doesn't show PPV fights, only UFC. This is showtime that will be hosting the ppv and its already confirmed that the ppv will cost more that typical ppv. 
The only thing that this sounds similar to was the time the UFC let the fans vote for FOTN and The other bonus (forgot what it was called previously). 

During the press conference of that event I remember Dana was pissed and said that's why he knew letting fan-voting was ridiculous because they are mostly dumb and vote for their fighters, and said he would never do it again.
Is there an improvement on the new layout? 
I don't know how much promotion responsibility the UFC will have but I do hope they make an epic ass cinematic commercial with music like they did for UFC 189, 193,205, and 207
The Megaman X series on SNES, too hard to pick which one out if he three though. 
Dana never came out liking Goldie from what I remember. To Dana Goldie was just a voice, but WME may have wanted to cut payroll which ended in cutting him.
Wouldn't be shocked if he is actually married an we just don't know about it. He doesn't reveal any relationships with his woman, just relationships on any people that helped him with fighting. 
No joke man.

https://mobile.twitter.com/teamkhabib/status/605502121144926209?lang=en

I remember seeing a picture of him in the hospital holding the baby but I can't that one. I believe it was from a another persons Instagram that I saw it on. 
He may not show it, but i believe he does care for
Women. His girlfriend had his baby girl roughly a year ago, I was surprised to find that out since it came out of nowhere without any of my suspicion. 
I, living in a single story home, find it so odd that people would still choose to live in two-story homes. I've heard and known people who've have accidents or had a family member die from just falling down the stairs. I sometimes hurt myself at night as i cut the corner to soon on my way to the kitchen, my dumbass would definitely be in the hospital living in such home. 
I rarely skip cards but this one is a skip for me. I'll watch the great fights that occurred tomorrow.
He did, at the post fight conference of DJ vs Wilson Heis 
E3 is on this week and it would have been sweet for the UFC to have had MM go their and do vlogs of the games he saw and what he's excited for this year. DJ could have hold a meet and greet with people who attend as well, then upload that footage into UFCs YouTube channel. MM isn't your typical "game" that plays Call of Duty/madden either.

If the UFC is serious about branching out then I would like for them to take advantage with big events like this, especially since a new UFC game is coming out next year. 
Actors don't get paid on what they bring in. Many movies have paid actors a huge sum % in relative to the amount the revenue brought in. This is all corporate talk from the UFC that it has its fans parroting. It minimizes the risk for the UFC to Invest and bet on anyone, I mean, what more do you expect by the fertittas who own station casinos. They're job is to cut out any chance or leverage of losing money. It's easy to say X fighter doesn't bring attention or dollars and that's why he/she doesn't get the big bucks when we have no look into the books. 

People make it seem like if the UFC guaranteed each champion minimum of 1 mill per fight that they would go bankrupt. The UFC has revenue from ads in events, ticket sales, yearly contract deals the fighters don't get a portion of. 

The UFC has taken out the idea of investing in fighters to keep pay low. I'm more familiar with Baseball so I'll use them for an example, but MLB teams invest in players when it comes to the form of pay. They will offer a player 20 mill spread through 5 years cus they believe he will help the ball club, but the team always has the choice to trade him   during the first half off the season and off the season if they feel they are not getting their money's worth.
The UFC has major sponsors on every event, do well in ticket sells, multi-million dollar annual TV contracts, and not one single of that penny goes to fighters. I'm sure they got costs pretty covered.
That comment may have been too soon for some at the time, but Rashad sure did make that fight interesting with the little trash talk him and Phil had.
What happened with Chris brown today? Is he just getting blasted on reddit or did he fuck up again?
Definitely agree, just sucks that lot of people still say it's a weak division or not filled with unexciting fighters.
I'm all for it. If MM had a public paypal that would be sweet but then again, I can always do it through his twitch stream and I believe ask him a question along with the donation. Im going to look into it.
That was exactly my tinfoil hat theory. Also to add that It gives DJ much more leveraging power when it comes to negotiating a contract or fights. 
To be fair, that quote fits Holloway way better because he actually did it, he went into enemy territory and did media and stopped Aldo in front of his people. Mcgregor vs Aldo was always going to be in Vegas. 
He is not entirely out of a check, he got paid to be a coach on TUF. They get 6 figures being on the show. 
*tinfoil hat on* 

I believe Dana wants and believes that TJ can beat him since DJ has had more trouble with fighters heavier than him, preventing him from breaking Andersons title defense record and not giving DJ much more leverage when it they are at the negotiating table. 

I'm sure DJ makes a decent amount of money from twitch and can give a shit on fighting 3 times a year, he can fight twice a year a gain more leverage while making money playing videogames the rest of the year. 

Edit: mixed up TJ for DJ in some lines 
Ppv points don't mean anything if you don't mean benchmarks that the UFC sets. From what I know, the UFC sets benchmarks, for example,  any sale above 350,000 ppv buys will give the fighter $1 per ppv and above 800,000 gets the fighter $2 per ppv a over that. This example is not entirely accurate of course cus of the figures I use, but don't think for once second that the UFC pays the fighters a % per sale of each ppv. 
Start with the first season. That'll set you up all for this second season that just came out on Tuesday. 
He's not, no debts at all. 
Me too! Sucks it had to be delayed for next year. :(
The UFC doesn't even want that. They said to hell with all that shit. in the beginning of USADA being hired, the UFC and USADA was saying that 2 year bans would be in place for popping for most banned substances including masking agents, they sure re-thought that one because they knew that would damage the UFC.
I remember him doing it to Matt Serra on their rematch, but those were knees to the body.
And fight was called off after tickets were on sale. 
His pay doesn't change wether he fights Borg or TJ. How can it be a super fight when compensation isn't a super payday. 
Also vs Pettis was the super fight I wished had happened. 
I don't know if DJ has ever talked about being the GOAT other than what seemed more like promotion from his last fight, but as long as he keeps winning he will always be in that conversation. Being the GOAT doesn't get him bigger pay days, so I don't blame him for taking the easier fight in Borg. 
Copied from what I posted on the Bisping vs Whittaker interimTitle thread:

That's real scummy by the UFC. Last week they sell tickets advertising Cody vs TJ as the headline and Amanda vs schevchenko as Co-main, when a lot of people who follow mma were aware of codys injury and were certain that fight wouldn't happen at 213.

 I feel for people who bought tickets for UFC 213 last week who don't really follow the sport on a daily basis, and yes I'm aware of the "*card subject to change fine print".
That's real scummy by the UFC. Last week they sell tickets advertising Cody vs TJ as the headline and Amanda vs schevchenko as Co-main, when a lot of people who follow mma were aware of codys injury and were certain that fight wouldn't happen at 213.

 I feel for people who bought tickets for UFC 213 last week who don't really follow the sport on a daily basis, and yes I'm aware of the "*card subject to change fine print".
I see this often and it really doesn't bother me. Same with fighters who make 10k/10k. I actually think that's decent for fighters who even as a hardcore fan I hardly get excited when there names are announced on the Fight Pass prelim. 

I hate seeing when exciting and notable fighters who are the main or comain getting stiffed. Tittle challenger makes less than 100k to main or co-main, or the fan favorite veterans like Edgar, Cowboy, Lauzon, Nate Diaz (before Conor fights) and so on. Not only that but when you have T-wood and DJ saying they are looking for a fight that brings that seven figure payday is pretty telling. I don't know the UFC finances but I would like for champs to get at least $1 mill at least per title fight. 
Don't say that around here man, the UFC shills here will come out and say that Rory was lucky to get $60 K for that championship fight that ended being fight of the year because he doesn't put ass in seats, or that his management should of just asked more when signing the contract. 
I highly doubt the UFC would give into those turns. Bellator did it with Fedor but the UFC will always attempt to get something out of their fighters and will no way give away free money, especially in the WME era. 
Can we stop with the stupid ass names. Rockstar already announced its Read Dead Redemption 2. That's what the game is called and that's what the gaming industry will recognize it as. Movies are far worse when it comes to  names to sequels or prequels, take that shit over there. 
And she came off kind of lame in her interviews in 2016. She would wear the big dark shades indoors, which kind of ran their course, and would sound kind of monotone and scripted in answering questions. I personally don't hate her, whatever works for her, but I can see why people may have been annoyed or put off by it. 
It's great for Bellator and for fans. Usually there events are in San Jose but when they have a big event, many UFC fighters and legends attend like Royce, Tito, Fedor, Rashad, Nate, Nick, khabib, etc. it would be badass to attend these events and know that there is going to be UFC fighters in attendance as well rooting for teammates or just there for promotion. 
That kid looks like that Kelly kid. The kid that was in the UFC world tour Ireland press conference that shush the crowd to ask questions, then in the embedded he got to meet aldo and say he was of fan of his but is choosing Conor over him. 
Scott Coker mentioned they are talking to Goldie, I hope it's true because it'll add much more enthusiasm to Bellators product. Having Goldie and Frank Mir being the color commentator would be an awesome duo for Bellator but I believe Mir is contracted doing commentary for another organization. 
Coker said he's in talks with Goldie at the moment.
Thiago Alves always came off pretty scary, especially back when he was fighting for the title.
Another Thiago that was scary was Thiago Silva. He looked like he would snap at any moment or just had the type of personality to walk around looking for someone to look at him to start fight. 
For stacked cards like this one, me and three other friends get together and pitch in for food, drinks, and the ppv. For UFC 212 we will go to BWW or a bar and catch it there, and that may be the same thing for UFC 213 if Cody and TJ are truly out and no suitable replacement is put it in. 
I tried to look it up and couldn't find much except a tall basketball player by the last name Bhullar, and I apologize in advance, but what are the difference between the two. Are there vast difference in physical characteristics between the both? 
He fought in October though. Not trying to fully defend Bisping but let's get our facts straight if we are going to attack the man. 
:(
He doesn't get ppv points dipshit. Ppv sales are irrelevant to him. 
Place a bet ASAP. Kelvin already became the favorite and who knows how far the line will move between now and fight day. 
He tied it within a year, that's already amazing for the how slow the pace of the HW division moves.
He would not get a pay upgrade to take this fight, I doubt the UFC will all of a sudden give him ppv points to fight a non-champion. 
I'll watch because I'm an mma fan and love seeing DJ fight.  You dorks in this thread have become the pickiest bitches within hours. 
I agree, I honestly think it's a bunch of UFC shills in this thread shitting of DJ. He submits Reis, a master of BJJ but these "mma fans" still have the balls to call him scared or uniteresting. 
He's fought and beaten the top contenders in his division, well most, and some of them he has beaten twice. All of a sudden a hoard of you dorks come out to call DJ, a 10-time defending champion scared or uninteresting? He submitted Wilson Reis, something that wasnt expected by anyone. 
I would not like to ever call A professional fighter that consistently defends his belt against top contenders scared, especially when he rarely pulls out with an injury, but I lean more that there's a lack of the dollar incentive. DJ doesn't get ppv points, why take a huge risk and potentially lose while getting paid the same.
How can you not be interested when DJ fights. I'd love to see him fight Borg or Pettis. He may win both contest but it's always fun seeing DJ in action. Some of you people just become the pickiest bitches overnight. 
The money incentive is not there. He doesn't get ppv points.
And for the same amount of money. DJ doesn't get ppv points, and I doubt the UFC will offer him any for this fight because he doesn't draw enough for them to give him the perk. 
This is true. Why take a fight with a big threat like TJ when I'm sure he isn't going to get a pay bump. He doesn't get ppv points and the UFC will just say that TJ isn't a champion so they won't pay him more, and all this on a big card like UFC 213. Fuck that, DJ has a lot of leverage in this situation.
To not be a danger on fucking road where other people also drive. 
Can confirm. Many reservations in Arizona and you'll plenty of Native Americans around those surrounding areas. Funny enough though that once you hit the heart of a city that's when you'll rarely see them. 
A shitty announcement with a shitty press conference. We use to have those quarterly press conferences that announced fights and cards for the next three months while having most of the main event fighters present to answer questions and do the face offs. Nothing got me excited for fight announcements as those. If WME wants momentum, they are going to have to bring those back because lots of promotional footage was made during those conferences. 
I really hope it's not Nate. It just gives me that empty feeling that some real worthy fight should be taking place instead of this. 
Never saw Ray Borg as boring. He put on an action packed fight against smolka back in 207 
Joe rogan said it on his podcast, that's where I heard it from.
Johnny Hendricks as well, he cheated against Tyron woodley in a college match, and Tyron got penalized I believe.
I would love to live closer to go to your classes.
Affordable and a coach with experience, can't ask for more. I used to wrestle with state champs all the time back in high school and it was the toughest thing I've ever done, best conditioning ever and good for building a strong mentality. I wish there were more wrestling clubs or gyms that focused on wrestling just to show the toughness of the sport. 
I hate to say it brother, but it's depending on the commission. This whole year has been fucked, in some events the new rules will be used, in others you'll have the old. We also have the UFC 210 situation where no one knows exactly what's going on at the moment. 
I wish your father the best of luck, has a safe trip and is back in one piece when he finally makes the climb. 
Not to shit on the people that do it but is it that hard? You have to be rich to afford the climb up there and I'm sure many that do the climb aren't freak athletes at the prime of their career. I would say those ultra marathons that are 50 to 100 miles are way than the climb to mt Everest. Not a lot of people are clamoring for that run even though it's a challenge.
This guy or gal made a mistake. I'm pretty sure he/she mean to put "pets" instead of "kids". Then it would be a true statement and the author won't look like dumbass.
Latino here, mama y papa don't care. They had my oldest brother in there early 20's. couple siblings later, I came around when they were in their mid 30's so most of their young life was raising kids. Now for the past decade they haven't had to care for kids and are fully enjoying all the freedom. 

They see their friends around the same age as then, who are also Hispanic, end up taking care of multiple grand children while the parents are at work. Seeing other family's stress about money, support, parents of the children keeping their shit together, really puts an ease of mind that they are not in that situation. 
Not really, I'm sure the UFC was hoping to have Holly win against GDR to set up the match against cyborg. The girl who beat Ronda vs The woman who was speculated to be the only one able to beat Ronda. It would've been a big fight as well. 
This motherfucker wants to fuck your wife up and Larry (CM Punks little black dog), alright. 
As long as the UFC doesn't force it but gives the opportunity to do a call out. I was so pissed at GDR and hope cyborg smashes her face; for one the late blows on Holly but for the most part for not taking advantage of the promotional opportunity at 208.

already the villain because of the late blows and a good amount of the crowd is booing GDR as the official decision is announced. Cyborg is sitting cage side because ultimately it's her division whether you dorks agree or not, (Dana said the division was made for cyborg) the moment Rogan Tees GDR a question about cyborg she suddenly has to mention her hand that got injured two fights ago needs to be looked at.  

That was her chance to get fans in the arena and watching hyped for cyborg challenging her for the belt and ultimately get behind the 145 lb female division. Cut the promo stupid and then during the post fight press conference talk about the hand and say you're ready when the doctors give you the green light. Now we have that division that seems to be dead on arrival. I don't entirely blame GDR but goddamn she was given all the promotional opportunities by the UFC to create hype and momentum for the division and herself. 


I Remember reading somewhere that a dietician would not be the answer. Dietitians study to give your body the proper nutrients it needs for a healthy living and weight cutting is a practice that would be banned in that field.  Don't know how much of it is right or wrong though. 
Carrot Top 
Exactly, I would love to catch it live but I was on the commute home when it was airing. I don't have a DVR so I just resorted to watching it on YouTube with shitty quality, but still watchable. 
Where do you have a savings account that's yielding 1%?
Congrats buddeh! I wish you nothing but the best on you're journey and hope to see you in the big show soon. 
Does anyone know the agreements to these kind of deals. Does Sony pay activision to be solely marketed by them or does activision pay them because they are the market leader. 
Wasn't she like a crackhead or heroin addict at one point? I remember during the promotion against sage that they did a piece on how Gall saved her from drug addiction with BJJ.
You really like regurgitating what a corporation tells you what they can do, because that's one of the stupidest things I've ever heard. 
And shitty emotes that will completely ruin the WWII immersion. 
I don't care about the kids or shitheads. That's the least of my concern as long as I can mute them. I don't want those shitty post fight emote celebration things. That'll ruin the game for me, seeing a bunch of soldiers doing the Carlton or dabbing and I'm completely out.  
I have  a lot of respect for  TJ  just because it would be so easy to throw the whole "well you're teammate goes and does him camp with me" routine at there face, well I don't recall him doing so.
Same here, respected but hated Cody for beating Cruz. After episode 1 I just can't wait until TJ lights him up and hope he goes on a Pettis streak. I can't wait now for UFC 213. 
I believe they got a partnership with the UFC. They are the ones that released Rondas 207 promo. They do mini interviews with few winners days after the events, asking generic questions along with "would you fight Conor" and the. Never have them on again even when news comes out that pertains to them. 
The question came about because yesterday tmz did a 2 minute interview with Mighty Mouse. So, being the morons that we know they are, they ask MM if he would ever want to fight Conor without addressing the weight situation. Mighty Mouse obviously says of course. 
Bill Burr said that a cartoon form was the best way to express that. Much easier for audiences to take those situations in compared to actors portraying it. 
Chael was loved tremendously by Brazilian fans after that season of TUF. I'm sure even he was surprised.
In the age of binge watching through Hulu and Netflix, we are definitely spoiled and I agree.
Would love just to binge watch this whole season during the two week dry spell between next weekends event and UFC 211.
I always imagine his home as a simple home. Not a lot of furniture and lots of space, is that how it is? 
How many people attend coachella? Is it something worth going to? Always heard a big deal about it but it just seems like a modern day Woodstock. 
Almost everyone  WME tries to get behind and heavily promote ends up losing. 
UFC killing off all contenders just to have GSP vs Bisping. Pretty sure Yoel is somewhere learning from this and not fighting unless it's a title shot.
If what he says is true then all I got to say is congrats to Kevin. Even though he is disliked widely, I personally don't mind it, it's great knowing he's getting paid.
That's why Mighty Mouse is #1 on my P4P list.
This is true, just bough super metroid yesterday for my 3ds. 
I believe it was Chael that said recently that there are television ratings payouts in Bellator. It was a couple of weeks ago, and also I take what Chael says with a grain of salt. 
I remember a year or so ago there was a Harley Davidson commercials during fight broadcasts and it would show Dana riding just with shades and no helmet or gear at all. Just jeans, a black shirt, some shitty maroon sneakers and shades. Don't think he believes in the protective gear.
Not only was he let go but he got paid shit for this fight, $59,000 I believe. Rory was a fighter that was a fan favorite and would be a great face for Canadian fighters since GSP was gone at the time. It's crazy how sage northcutt with couple fights in he gets a $60,000 to show $60,000 to win contract, (good for him) and yet can't beat some of the UFC's unranked fighters. 
Let's be honest, who the fuck actually knows what should happen based on the rules. As a hardcore fan I think I know most of what's happening and then a situation like this occurs. 

Doesn't help that new rules were voted in and yet at the beginning of some events broadcast they state that they will be using the old rules. Different commissions have different rules evidently, and the that fuck face who is suppose to be aware of it all, Marc Ratner, is given mic time to explain what's going on in situations and he doesn't even know. He just blabbers on reinstating the obvious, he should be fired. 
I agree, even for people who place bets. Outcomes being determined by the refs without re-examining situations would suck, more so for the fighters who get their full pay  based on winning. 
TJ training with Loma gets me really excited for his bout against Cody. I'm rooting for TJ but can't wait for the striking exchanges between those two. 
Very Mousasi-esq at the end of that statement, joe.
I would like to think he's a great coach, but with Aljo latest performances I may think you're right. I was really looking forward to Aljo tearing up the division by how confident, athletic, and Longo's praise of him but it seems like he needs a lot of work to do, or move camps entirely. 
After the corner audio was out, I was going around this sub upvoting people that would get downvoted to hell when they were just saying that Henri may have just been frustrated with AJs game plan. 

It was amazing to see the amount of cocksuckers on here with their own shitty experiences give their own assessment, "bro, none of my coaches would do that" or " I would never do that to my fighter ". They need to shut the fuck up because they aren't a coach to a top 10 fighter in the UFC where fan scrutiny is out on the coaches for every little thing.

Same thing with Daniels 1.2 lb weigh in, many morons came out and made a big deal, over that cheated 1.2 lb which saved the main event. UFC, nysac, and most importantly Rumble didn't give a fuck, but all these non-fighters through there screens did. I can sympathize with Dana a little more after this weekend because I'm sure he has to beat the message to people constantly to shut the fuck up because these dorks out on the internet aren't fighters/ managers in the UFC, even though sometimes he does it to protect his ass. 
Hopefully they negotiate to go up for a pay increase. That division needs contenders and names in it to keep it from looking like a ghost town. 
That's what happens when they let go/cut valuable talent. UFC really done fucked up this time. 
Fuck New York events. All Except 205 have been trash. The commission there sucks and the crowd is full of cocksuckers, and I thought this whole time Vegas was bad. 
Weidman initially said he couldn't continue, speculating that the knee was illegal and would DQ Mousasi to get the win. when Dan told him it was legal, Chris said he was fine to continue but doctors had to stop it cus of Chris' intitial claims, and it would have been irresponsible for the docs not to stop it from that claim. 
Weidman initially said he couldn't continue, speculating that the knee was illegal and would DQ Mousasi to get the win, when Dan told him it was legal Chris said he was fine to continue but doctors had to stop it cus or Chris' intitial claims. 
This happened 
https://www.reddit.com/r/MMA/comments/649krl/official_ufc_210_cormier_vs_johnson_live/
At the moment GSP has expressed no interest in fighting during the summer, he's looking to come back in September. This could be all just a publicity stunt being done by GSP or the UFC so the news can have more hype behind it. 
The commission and the UFC are playing dumb. They edited it out of their own embedded, they know what they are doing.
What's crazier for me is that he is living in this truck within a 15 minute drive radius from me. A living UFC legend is going through some struggles near me, really saddens me and hope he is able to get into a home/apt soon before the summer heat arrives. 
You may have a point, so what fight would you suggest would be right for Pettis? Brooks would have been a pretty good favorite against him and that was a bout that Brooks said was trying to be made. I'm sure the UFC doesn't want Pettis lose another fight. He's young still, a draw, marketable, and Hispanic. A fight against Paul Felder would be my other suggestion if Gall is too green for some fans. 
Pettit will Need 3 wins to be seen as a tittle contender. 155 is stacked with talent, but I wouldn't crap on the guy if him and his team took a fight vs mickey gall. At this point it's do or die for Pettis and Gall wants to make his run at 155. It gives Gall a high profile matchup that he wants and Pettis a chance to have a highlight reel off someone who is just developing their striking game. 
 
Sorry if I sound dumb but why do people remove them? Haven't heard about anyone of my peers removing their tonsils since elementary, but never questioned why. 
I Remember he was on the panel for the post fight show once couple years ago. He wasn't that bad, but I would rather have DC, Cruz, Bisping, Rashad, meisha, actually anyone but him. 
I feel your pain brother, I'm in the same boat. That's why I'm lurking in this sub to find a solution and so far none :(. I'll have to use another device for snapchat since I don't want to upgrade iOS.
I haven't completely lost interest but it's fading away fast. My iPhone 6 is jailbroken on 8.4 and my snapchat is worthless. Snapchat doesn't let me log in unless I upgrade iOS and download the latest version, that means all my jailbreaks are gone. I love YouTube +, but if there isn't anything new with the next iPhone and a jailbreak in the time I'm looking for a new phone then I'll look into android and their rooting community.
The UFC is allowing Bisping to hold up the division. Th UFC makes these fights, let's not act as if Bisping is the promotion. The UFC should be credited or discredited the most when these fights are made. 
Fuck that! A title will not make me buy a game. Activitision will carry over the loot crate, drop supply, whatever that stupid shit is called, and mess up the setting of this game. I would hate to see all the fruity camo and stupid ass victory taunts in a game like this. I hope activision proves my suspicions wrong though. 
I would day woodley has that spot at the moment. His fight at 209 didn't help him at all. All current champions Except for GDR have had amazing fights in there last showing, including Bisping. 
Maybe worst champ but can't deny he is a great fighter. Beats silva, Rockhold, and most likely beats up GSP. That's a resume that a legend in the sport would have. 
Cruz walks around 155-160. I would want that to be the ideal weight for a featherweight, especially a female. If cyborg is tipping the 170 range then she's a big gal for that division.
I miss Robbie Lawler as our champion.
It's just right place at the right time. I can't be mad when great work is being shown even if it is a repost.
I agree. Months ago I saw a documentary series on YouTube done by Al Jazeera called The slums. Basically, showing the different struggles people in Southeast Asia have on a daily basis and most of them are families of 6 or more, many being children. Worst cases are the when the mother is the only income and has kids, between the ages of 18-21, and they are already having kids. It truly depresses me for a day thinking about the situation and he'll it must be to live in that situation.
He got paid for it. If he fairly compensates the person/people for the error then I can accept that it's sincere and he really feels guilty about it, if he doesn't then he's just a cocksucker that got caught with his hands in the cookie jar.
Live events are great, it's rare to have a bad seat. Hope the fights are better than what they are on paper, have fun brother. 
I agree, as a person who lives in an area with few days a rain a year. 
He doesn't have to answer every question asked on him through Twitter, he decided to pick this question. 
Soon we will hear Serra wants to make a comeback, Hughes vs Serra will finally happen. Serra will take the Brock route and get the usada exemption. 
I boycotted the shit out of bud light after I saw her in their commercials. Never going to buy their beer. They can go fuck themselves, plus there's other good beer out there. 
Gotta vote with the wallet.  
Did Stann also like Bisping vs GSP? I don't remember reading any thoughts of his on it. Even Chael wasn't looking forward to that fight but said that the press conference totally won him over.
How does that do any good for Anderson? If silva loses to him it helps hall, if silva wins then it's seen as he is supposed to win. Let's not pretend Uriah Hall is now a world beater since he got Stopped by Mousasi,  it makes no sense. KG beat Hall as well, so one can argue that he is the better fighter with the momentum at the moment. 
She gets hate because she steals jokes. Parallel thinking does exist but not at the level that Amy has. Let's not pretend that Amy is the only victim here and gets all the hate, Carlos Mencia got the hammer slammed on him for joke stealing. Amy is basically getting away with it. 
I stopped drinking bud light just because they had her in one of there commercials, and this was after all of this. Bud light can go fuck themselves, I'll stick exclusively with hard liquor. 
What is a better fight for silva? 

Robert Whittaker is booked

Jacare is fighting Whittaker 

Yoel is #2 and May wait for his title shot, but even if he did take the fight against Anderson he would be a much more dangerous fight than KG

Weidman is booked to fight Mousasi so those two are gone.

And Luke Rockhold is still recovering from his knee stem cell procedures. 


Wether he does or doesn't, he agreed to the bout. Anderson may like the matchup and believes he can pull the win in his home country.  Everybody ranked above him have a bout, Injured, or would a much more dangerous fight than KG. 
That's still Anderson silva. He's still dangerous and sells. It looks good on the resume and is guaranteed a good spot in a card, this time being in a ppv. It pays off more than fighting the top 3. 
And time and time again, we get reminded that fighters get more pay/fame/opportunities going after popular fighters regardless of age. 
I'm still sad we didn't see Gastelum vs cowboy. 
"You know what I mean"
If I recall correctly it was Schaub that was getting the heated argument with Eddie and schaub was the one that said cnn. 

Edit- http://youtu.be/I3uwKvnKTik
Barbas 
I wouldn't like to see that one. I would say khabib takes that one. 
The article still does not answer the question. Dave meltzer, who is the leading man when it comes to ppv estimates can't give numbers since the Conor event was only available online. It would be much harder to get numbers for this event, but thanks for trying. 
No, this one 

http://youtu.be/9MvAUBolLDA
Too bad we don't know what numbers Conors press conference did.
He wasn't completely unknown. He was making headlines when he was in cage warriors before the UFC. I remember hearing about him and he was also in the MMA Hour and talked about on inside MMA, the show with Mauro and Bas Rutten.
Any apps that are able to be used in the U.S.? 
And CM punk! 
I wouldn't doubt this but the beef with woodley and Dana had me believe it's not real. Usually, these are employee vs employer scenarios where the fans take side of the employee against the asshole employer who screws everyone over. 

More people were siding with Dana than woodley all of last week, especially when he called woodley a "drama queen", and most fans agreed with that sentiment. Plus, woodley having that snooze fest after calling himself the best welterweight fighter ever doesn't help his case and have viewers chant "I got your back" at their TV sets.
I haven't seen this but I remember thinking she had it rough when I watched the countdown for her fight against Rousey. She was training and driving her kid to school and home in a beaten up (white I believe) 90's Toyota or Honda. 


My thoughts were just how brave for the UFC to show me that I have live a much more comfortable life than one of their top female athletes going into the biggest fight and payday of her life.
I like the podcast but I listen for entertainment. Norton usually talks about being the creepy old man that fucks college aged girls and Matt is the intense dude with a soft side and a passion for BJJ and super heroes. 

They hype up all UFC fights and never really shit on them. Matt was ok with UFC 208 but they acknowledge the missing spark from it. They don't call Dana out on his bs when he's on obviously and rarely talk about fighter issues unless a guest talks about it.
Is it worth a listen or am I better off just listening to th co main event podcast summarizing the event? 
I don't mind Bens post fight cringe interviews, better than fighters who say "I'll fight whoever the UFC gives me". 
The featherweight division wasn't made yet and cyborg was already booked for UFC 199? 
To be fair, when holly was asked she was booked against Meisha Tate for UFC 196 and then was booked vs schevchenko. I wouldn't doubt it would have been Holly vs Cyborg if cyborg wasn't flagged.
I don't think Khabib is fighting anytime soon either. Dana said that khabib may need a break from cutting weight for this fight and UFC 205. That leaves khabib two months to fight before he's gone the whole summer for Ramadan. He's on pacing on fighting once this year.
And it doesn't help that he doesn't fight during the summer because of Ramadan. I would love for the UFC market the hell out of khabib especially since they got the new TV deal in Russia, but I can't blame them when he fights roughly once a year. 
That's why they should get paid more than the average fighter per fight. Nothing was more maddening than seeing all the dorks on here saying cowboy should be happy with his pay because he fights so often that it hurts his leveraging power with the UFC. 
Until woodley loses and wonderboy gets finishes. That would be the only way the UFC can get behind wonderboy after his performance last night.
Shh 
People that believe woodley won will just say that wonderboy did jack shit and that automatically gives woodley 3 rounds.
That's all bullshit. That's just what the UFC says to gain leverage on there fighters. The fans who paid to attend are not getting discount on their tickets even though this fight is cancelled, advertisers don't pay less for the space to advertise, and the PPV is still the same price. 

All rates are the same and the UFC wants Tony to fight with a pay cut because he's "not a draw" or "doesn't bring ppv"? He was main event and had a great performance to get a bonus 4 months ago. The UFC certainly has enough belief in him to be a draw to have him main event.
He's definitely one that's getting fucked because of this. I am going to catch the fights at the bar with friends instead of ordering it, all because the peoples main event is off. 
Not us, gods are punishing the UFC for the Bisping vs GSP bullshit.
You got to admit he is great at interviewing people especially when it's in person. There's a reason why Conor had Ariel be the guy to interview him last month in London.
I don't blame bisping looking for the big payday. WME actually had meetings and discussions about this fight and agreed to send out contracts to Gsp and Bisping to make it official. 
And all of this after Dana was calling him lazy publicly and told him he didn't want him there on TUF.
That Paul Felder elbow last week is great reminder of how underrated they are in my opinion. 
Lots Nerds in general are assholes. They are one of the first ones to nitpick, doesn't matter if they are a ps4 nerd, PC nerd, comic nerd, movie nerd, they all have to come out and argue and show their elitism.
Just downloaded latest version of snapchat yesterday since my old version was having issues with snapchat lite and kept crashing as I opened the app. Just downloaded phantom lite and works perfectly, while yesterday both phantom lite and snapchat lite didn't work for dick. Ads are in but I'll take it any day just to have to the tweak working. 
He's just saying this for attention. He defended Tito couple episodes ago saying that there wasn't a clear tap and how it hurt Chael so much to lose to a guy he thought absolutely sucked. 
Yep, there's a promo for UFC 207 that shows the change of the belts and rogan says something like "what now?" And that was the quote they took from a job jones promo after defending his belt couple times.
Like this press conference format way better than the current one. We get these kind of moments.
Agree 100 percent. Have a buddy at work that is really into politics and all that jazz, and will always complain about people getting welfare, wic, etc. He believes everything should be privatized and everyone just has to pick themselves by the boot straps and the markets will decide the best solution for the people. 

I always tell him that I rather have my tax money be used to prevent accidents because people are going to fuck no matter what, rather than years from now hearing about kids in unstable conditions needing assistance.

Exactly, and it's going to make it hell on the UFC to negotiate with Conor. Why ever fight in the UFC for less than 10 mil. Dana did say that prefers skimping on paying fighters so they will be hungry to fight. 
Not for free, Brandon Gibson said he would get a zip file and it would b very useful because they would have the ability of slowing it down. Also said it is possible with fight pass but it's a pain in the ass to do so and he and the fighters don't get fight pass for free.
Don't want to sound a conspiracist but the UFC must really want Joanna to win if this is the case. Joanna just began her camp 3 weeks ago, before Jessica Andrade had her fight with Hill. If this fight for 211 is true then it's a short turn around for Andrade to have a fight camp to prepare for JJ, develop a game plan, not enough time to add to her arsenal, and cut weight once again.
Save your pity for the weak 
From what I understand is that you have to play a ridiculous amount to get these currencies in These new cods. Hell, there was a rumor in black ops 3 that certain loot was more likely to be obtainable if one used crypto keys purchased with real-money.

Don't take my word for it, I don't play or give a fuck about cod, most of it is from YouTuber 402thunder402 which I'll take his word over most cock suckers who play cod religiously. 
One of, but to be honest it's been a quite a while since we had a shitty ppv and since we have short term memory in the fight game then yes, worst PPV ever.
One thing that will never comeback to these kind of performances is the purely focus on to the show. Everything has to be turned to some party or rave-like event with everyone jumping and waving their cellphones around. It doesn't bother me, but it really hit me last weekend when I went to go watch a symphony.

 I'm in my 20's and it was an experience out of this world when I went to my first symphony and Everyone sat the fuck down and was purely focused on the music. Of course it's different types of people that go watch these kinds of things, but it's sad for me that there are few events where all the focus is on the performance. Of course it's a totally different time, but Marvin Gaye performing sexual healing live is one that comes to my mind. 

https://youtu.be/w30RGhFCAkk
Fastest kicks: Edson Barboza
In the beginning of the sale I was skeptical of what WME got themselves into. Now I'm convinced that they had no idea what they bought and all the baggage it comes with it. The UFC was always extremely volatile. Many were yelling (including me) over saturation of events back in 2013/2012 and blaming the lackluster events to that. 

No one expected for the UFC to have the best years in 2015 and 2016 at that time, especially on the back of a Female judoka specialist and a brash loud Irish man, and their absence in the first half of 2017 will be proof of their huge impact. 

Also, the UFC audience is very hard to please. They can't just put UFC cards and expect the same amount of people to watch. Matchmaking and promotion is very important wether the UFC feels as if it's the fighters job to promote themselves. At 
They are going to in May, in not defending them, but I'm sure Conor's/fighters Criticism of not knowing the new regime made them set up this meeting. 

Also can't ignore the fact that lots of fighters are talking about unions and the need of one, so there's that too. 
Exactly, Anderson silva had Nike and Burger King sponsoring him. They are much more willing to pay more to a top level athlete for the exposure.
To add, I remember TJ saying he was being begged by Lorenzo to take the fight against Joe soto when the bathtub took out Renan Barao the day of the weigh in, and TJ got nothing extra out of it. The UFC still made money out of that event and was saved from pissing lots of fans/ partnerships off just to screw TJ. 
Did shamrock have one for this event too or just Tito because he was champion? 
Joe would get an automatic waiver since he never fought in the UFC so we're cleared.
Exactly, I don't mind R* really focusing on their shark cards shit, but i would love if they also focused on just one expansion of SP DLC like with liberty city stories. 

I haven't touched GTA V in 3 years and I am really not intrigued to turn it on and play online, but the moment a SP DLC would've been available I would have called in from work and jumped on it. My money is there's for the taking when it comes to SP DLC 
Don't say that too loud around here, you'll have the corporate shills telling you that's exactly what Frankie Edgar deserves because that's what his manager got him.
I bought some shades for $5 in LA next to the union station, best sunglasses I ever had. Plus I treat them like shit.
And in the morning as the sun was about to rise for the crowd, just adds salt into wound.
Joanna is two weeks into her camp, and I don't think Andrade is ready to take up that challenge in such short notice. If she does take it then the UFC really is setting her up to lose. she just cut weight, went through a war, prepare for Joanna without having time do develop her game while Joanna has a fresh 15 min to analyze andrades game.
Nina and Amanda must really love UFC events because they have been at every UFC event in 2017 so far.
As a fan of Edson Barboza I would recommend Edson Barboza vs Paul Felder
There are still plenty of great fights in the horizon. My mma viewing experience doesn't revolve on the stars of the sport. My most anticipated fights at the top of my head are Tony vs khabib, TJ vs Cody, woodley vs wonderboy. For me that's enough to get me excited until the next "big star" fights. This is way better then the ages of a few ppvs a year and TUF to satisfy my MMA craving.
Hi Dana 
I'm sorry for being out of the loop but what's this? Is it part of Facebook? 
Feel bad for people who jumped on getting tickets for this event without the UFC claiming this bout as the main event even though it was already announced to be on the fight card.
Didn't Greg Jackson say he was retiring from coaching to be with family couple years back? It just came up in my head that there was talks about it. Same thing with Andre pedenares but I think he's still coaching.
Conor and Joanna 
DJ has mentioned this before, this isn't new. When they asked him about it long ago he said he will move up to fight (TJ at the time I believe) for minimum of $2 Million.
Especially when they face off, nothing gets me hyped seeing fighters facing off during the weigh ins and see the close up from Danas camera guy.
Yes, here in Arizona, but can't speak for other states (California, New Mexico, Texas). One thing I see that people don't mention is that this whole immigration is not really opposing immigrants to come here and better there lives. 

What I mean is the U.S. Is fighting against powerful smugglers and businesses in this. Border patrols agents are routinely bribed to let drugs or let people get smuggled in, it's all a business. On daily basis does the news reports millions of dollars of drugs/cash being seized at the border, but there are also millions getting through. 

Source: live in southern az, lots stories of people succeeding in getting drugs/people through by bribing border patrol agents. 
Cowboy is the Pete Rose of MMA.
TIL asking for a raise = asking for Conor Mcgregor money.
I believe we will see Conor fight cowboy stadium. For one, it's too difficult to sell a 50,000 seat stadium. You make more on gate records in Vegas because of limited seat venue therefore much easier for consumers to digest expensive tickets, especially for the fact that it's Vegas. 

I believe if the UFC had any chance to sellout an event in  Cowboy stadium would have been last year with Aldo vs mcgregor and Ronda vs Holm. That's the kind of star power to sell it out these days, especially in Texas where the market for professional mma is not in demand as it is in Vegas or NY
Agreed, so happy to see him walkout to it live, it was so magical
Not really, Chael is up there in age and you gotta protect him if youre working with him. Plus, I'm sure Chael understands just for the fact that he usually takes the company's side on things like fighter pay and honoring contracts to the end. 
I'm half Cuban and aware of that. None of us refer to ourselves as black, or any african decent regardless if we have dark skin or light skin, it's simply just Cuban. Hence why it's annoying seeing people lump Hispanics with some African roots as black. 
The walkouts for Bellator last Saturday were pretty badass. I'm not a fan of their production entirely but those walkouts were awesome, can't imagine how badass they were for the live audience.
Dominic Cruz must be one the most discriminated athletes out there in woodleys eyes. Joe and many other fans start putting question of his cardio when he starts breathing heavily in the first round and ends up fighting through all 25 min /s
Exactly, and has said it about hector Lombard and Yoel Romero, and they are Cuban, or are people going to lump them up with racism against African Americans just cus the color of there skin. 
Agree, if he really wanted to make it about race then he had the perfect chance during that sportscenter interview to fully discuss it. He said he was by far the worst treated champion in the UFC, and leaves it at that, and That's what pissed me off.

If woodley is going to open up those can of worms, especially a controversial one, he should explain fully what he means. I don't know wether he is talking about monetarily, treated bad by fans ( which we all know of lots fighters who get shitted), treated bad by the UFC (used a racial slur on him, gave him an unfavorable feeling). I just don't know where he is coming from and I follow the sport closely. 
The television promo for this fight was badass too! One of my favorites and seriously underrated .

This is the one
http://youtu.be/8jy_4kCqHaw
That's unfortunate, all that tells me is to expect water down cards with big headliners. Diaz vs mcgregor wasn't even for a title fight and draws way more than 3 title fights. 
I heard Tito Ortiz post fight interview in the cage was good, but I can't find a link anywhere on it. 
AH MY FUCKING BACK!
Unfiltered with Matt Serra and him Norton is great just cus they tend to bullshit a lot and talk a lot of mma, but the UFC pays them so they really don't dig deep into current headlines that may give the ufc a bad look. 

Co main event podcast is great. Comes out on Tuesdays and they touch up on every subject in the world of mma and aren't afraid to criticize. Hosted by Chad dundas ( works for bleacherreport) and Ben folwkes ( works for mma junkie I believe), and both guys have been around the sport long enough to know the insides along with Ben having contact with some gyms.

Live chat with Luke Thomas is kind of co main but on a much more serious note and answers the questions of fans which tends to be questions about mmas current landscape. He works for mmafighting and has close contact with fighters and gyms so he's not just some guy with a podcast. 

Heavy hands is a podcast that breakdown fighters and analyzes them. They talk technique, tendencies, and mind set of fighters. Just started listening a month ago and is quickly becoming one of my tops. I would recommend this podcast to people who are familiar with fighters and want to dive into the technical side of things. I would recommend listening to the Ronda Rousey analysis they gave after UFC 207, just cus it was the last big ppv and they talk a lot of about mindset, her fight, and also touch on Cruz vs Cody, as well as TJ vs lineker which were very technical fights.
Agree, why don't they just copy the way buffer announces it? Just have a universal way of announcing the official decision except when they do it for tittle fights since the buffer as UFC has "and still" or "and new". 
I currently listen to Jon& Anik, you're welcome (Chael Sonnen), CO-main event, Heavy Hands, UFC unfiltered, Monday morning analyst and Live Chat (Luke Thomas), submission radio, and whenever joe rogan has an mma related podcast. Still gotta subscribe to the mma hour.

I have 5th round and bushido talk podcasts downloaded to my phone but I might give one listen and delete them, I feel like I'm kinda over doing it with all these podcasts that most of them kind of have the same opinion on stuff.
I would give more credit to Jon jones for making Tate vs Nunes as the headliner for 200.
No one was saying this when Ronda was already mentioning retiring 3 fights ago. 

Edit: it also didn't stop the UFC from further promoting her.
I don't mind the protests and all but wouldn't using your wallet be more effective? For example, boycott booking any rooms at trump towers, or any businesses that do business with them. Always surprised that I don't hear much from major news/ radio outlets emphasizing the importance of voting with dollars.
What's BJM's podcast? Already got a shit load of mma podacasts that I listen to on the daily but I gotta subscribe to his.
Brandon That
Wait I saw this in the front page couple days ago, is that really mark Hunt? 
I wouldn't go that far, some fighters were getting paid handsomely to train there.
Does anyone have know if this gif exist with text? 
The tale of the tape music before UFC 189 is the one that's ingrained into my skull. 
I personally don't count JJ in just for the fact that she came in as champ and has only had one camp there. Not sure if she has mentioned anything about continuing being there since she's been in Poland since her fight at 205.
Great card for sure! Caceres was in Phoenix last night for the fights, which I thought was rare since his fight is two weeks away.
I have a 3ds on the way and heard lots about harvest moon. Saw that there is one for the 3ds and ds. Which one is better or would recommend, never played any of them but I am very interested.
Would you happen to know what he passed away from? Chaels Wikipedia had nothing.
And apparently it'll be free this weekend with no cc needed starting on Friday 
Tl;dw?
Can't tell if he healed up fast or if the camera mirrors  and he's covering it with dojos paw in this pic.

https://instagram.com/p/BO-uyM-D8vK/
Wasn't it dillashaw vs lineker?
She's just answering questions she is given. She should run it until the wheels fall off. Dana said the defeating rousey is what she'll be known for when asked about lack of promotion, and this is what you get. 
Breath of the wild is the Zelda game right? Didn't Nintendo confirm that it won't be a launch title? 
Not too soon for me. Would rather have him take a break, let TJ and Cody go at it, and hopefully get a shot at the title, or win one fight and then get a title shot. 
Always laugh at this, even better is the edited one with the reebok logo on the headband.
I don't blame Ronda much for believing she can best Mayweather, she had uber confidence in her skills which you need in the fight game, even though it was delusional confidence.

 She had many yes-men around telling her she can beat up anyone, along with the UFC &Rogan pushing that narrative. Once they really started pushing it out there then that's when mainstream media picked it up and ran with it. The UFC & Rogan are mainly to blame for promoting her as such, while media waits for these kind of quotes to be said by "credible" sources.
I think it depends on the city. All BWW in my city are free of cover charge but I have to get there roughly at an hour before the prelims starts to secure a good seat,especially for big fights like the one last weekend.
It's smart for Cruz. He had a busy year, fought 3 times and now can take a long break and analyze the fight between Cody and TJ, much better preparation vs the winner of that fight.
They for sure know how to promote fights, I mean who else can notify everyone that this PPV was today on the direct commercials /s
He's a tax fraud and is being investigated by the irs. If I recall correctly, he also bets on his fighters so he may have lost money too. 
Don't feel bad for the coach. Fuck him! He's under investigation by the IRS for tax fraud. Many fighters have gone to his gym and have shown a step backwards in skill. Rondas boyfriend, Travis Browne is one of these victims, he has a fight on UFC 208 in February.
Link for reference

http://alaysia4.tumblr.com/post/155198486534/thechlostertalkssports-dirtyboxing-enjoy-the
"What you doing tonight?"
And here on out it helps if the fighter is managed by WME since they now own the UFC since July 
Conor seems to respect Rousey a lot, I don't think he will say that about her. He will say that he's all they got though and keep it very vague. 
Ronda rouseys be Travis Browne, he also used to coach jake ellenberger and once he got couple loses he moved out of that camp and won his first fight away from Edmund.
Lots of those idiots were on here arguing that she will finish Amanda. I believe they just wanted to see this sub go into chaos but none was worse than all the boos Nunes got at the bar and in the T-Mobile arena, so glad she shut all these morons up. Imagine if Ronda would have won in any way. 
Or that she can beat half of the men's bantamweight division.
Also, I believe this is the Super Bowl Weekend card. These cards are usually stacked but this one screams to be on FS1
He did, it's just that he's a terrible coach that she's been with for years. All of his fighters are on a losing record. they may not  drill it enough during practice to get proficient, and/or she's a terrible learner, but she was a Olympic female judoka so I don't believe the latter 

http://alaysia4.tumblr.com/post/155198486534/thechlostertalkssports-dirtyboxing-enjoy-the
You have no clue what fuck you're talking about. Ever heard of invicta? It's a promotion that basically hosts an all women's league division. That's where most of the new female  fighters come from. They are obviously not a successful promotion like the UFC but are doing great enough things for the UFC to partner with them.

Terrible female fighters? Based of what? Joanna a world champ muy Thai fighter out of Poland and now is the queen of the strawweight division and has Karolina to be in the same level as her. Claudia Ghadelea is a well known grapple who gave Joanna a tough and exciting fight. That's just a few, you still have Rose Namajunes, Michelle waterson, Jessica Andrade. That's just the 115 lb division

135 has Pena, schevchenko, Nunes, and more up comers that are coming from different promotions around the world that already have fighting experience but just need to fight in the big show.

If you don't know much about mma just stay quiet because you end up sounding like a fool 
And she didn't have to do media or interviews during games the week of the fight, something most fighters hate because it gets the way in the preparation.
Her management runs the UFC now. WME-IMG, her management, bought the UFC in July, that's why most the promotions was all about Ronda.
If that's you're only complaint then you are a fool and I would recommend you go to sleep next time instead of watching another event. The co-main just had Cody, the underdog, outclass Cruz. 
The boxing media also played along with that narrative, and don't forget joe rogans "once in a lifetime" quote.
GADOOSH!!
Only if you were around when Dana would sling out "faggot" in his vlogs 
Only if you were around when Dana would sling out "faggot" in his vlogs 

Edit: sorry, it was in reply to Truefighter 
It's not like Dana is 100 percent loyal to Reebok. 
It definitely worked for woodley when it was woodley vs Hendricks for title eliminator
Add that Werdum turned down fight with JDS at 207, seems like he wanted more money and also turned down an Alastair fight for UFC 208 in Brooklyn.
From what I understood is that Werdum was asking more money to risk fighting JDS at 207.
Train by day, Joe Rogan podcast all night, all day!
What's with these adverts? I will boycott any movie or buy any product that interrupts me during a video.
For me it's going to be weird her coming out first
I'm the opposite, I can't imagine how UFC will treat Ronda as the "greatest athlete ever" if she gets a win. The UFC will go on high promo for her and so will celebrities, which they are all quiet this time around compared to weeks before UFC 193, bunch of bandwagon cocksuckers. 
I wonder why they took it down, maybe to edit some stuff? Would gladly appreciate if you can watch the re uploaded version when available and point out if anything was added or removed.
Pretty pathetic. Isn't this suppose to be the super bowl weekend card? These cards are usually stacked and headlined by massive fight, usually a heavyweight fight. Sorry Brooklyn.
I would love to see a Leg kick TKO in a women's title fight. Those are the reason Barboza and Aldo are my favorite fighters.
Don't forget the cringey and forced speeches she would doin the background as footage rolled. Either her, the UFC or both really dug attention of that DNB bullshit and try to have make another one and it would just come out pathetic and forced.  Glad not to hear that shit and hopefully we don't have to hear any of it at all 
Identifying gay to the public was big for stars in other industries, why wouldn't be here. If the lgbt community can get Dana to backtrack using "faggot" then I'm sure they are a community to come out and support Nunes. Let's say that promotional narrative  doesn't work, at least try.

 The UFC didn't hold back on Ronda being the most dominant female athlete of all time last year, now Conor being P4P, Diaz being a huge WW, etc. so why not push Nunes in every aspect now.
UFC: best trash talk of 2016!

Ends up censoring curse words. 
Fuck all that. Too many championship fights and top contender fights I want to see without the interruption of commercials. I want to hear the corners along with replays between rounds. Nothing was worse than the amount of commercials and filler leading up to the fight with Cain and jds on FOX
And don't forget them taking time to clean the canvas from any blood between fights to act as if a war did not just happen in there.
Dave Meltzer, an expert in the PPV biz and close contacts with cable providers says a Friday PPV really hurts its potential compared to if it were on a Saturday. 
I remember when Pettis was his p4p during UFC 185 fight week , oh how times have changed 
Lying gets you far in this world, almost no consequences come out of it for Dana 
Not building up Amanda certainly does not help. We just had a card of mostly fresh talent last week pull amazing numbers on FOX, not cus they were undefeated or "once in a lifetime", but because they were promoted heavily and had some highlights in there careers.
I would say people have a problem with it because this is the same reason Conor got pulled from UFC 200. Dana said that everyone has to do their media obligations. 
Exactly. Wtf is up with all these dorks justifying her pay with the whole "she should blame her management" line. We don't know what negotiations are like with the UFC to be fair, but I doubt they give fighters one fight contracts so the fighters can always come back and negotiate hard for more. 

It's sad that the UFC plays the whole "what have you done for me lately" line with their athletes and these dumbass fans parrot it in their defense. 

When cowboy complained about his pay, these people were giving cowboy shit for fighting so often and that's why he gets paid little. I didn't hear anyone ever mention that fighting often was bad move to make money, even Dana with say otherwise this whole "small window of opportunity" line. 

If a women fighter has issues about pay, these fans chalk it up to her not being marketable or both fighting enough. If they fight enough and are marketable then they resort to, they haven't beaten anybody significant, or that no one is paying/ tuning in for them. 

Michelle waterson can fight, is marketable, has a story, and can draw, outdoing last years December fox card that had a title on the line. The UFC had enough confidence in these to women to headline a FOX card, It takes two to tango and she was partner in that dance. To then say "how do we know people were tuning in for her and not Paige or northcutt" is just another stupid excuse from giving her the credit/pay she should be owed. 



I always wondered if he is an actual person or is it Chad with an accent? 
I would like to agree with you but Punk still hasn't been cut. If he does end up fighting again then maybe the UFC was pulling for him to win to keep the show rolling.
He is very lucky we don't have the nfl fan base' mentality and spam his social media that he's a fucking moron. 
Aluminum Perry
I didn't watch it live, so PVZ got choked out and once big John called it immediately turned to her metropcs commercial? 
Also funny when Rampage called him Keith Sardine 
Yelled at Dennis Bermudez because he mistakenly was sitting in her seat at the 205 weigh ins I believe. Bermudez ends up bringing it up to womderboy and he apologizes.
I enjoyed the read as well but I tend to try and skim the whole article to get the key points. Would love more shorter, to-the-point articles If possible. 
Sewer rat best fits Ferguson. 
I don't like anik much either but fuck Goldie as Cerrone was getting rocked last night, but he kept on reading the promo. If it is Anik and Rogan then at least it won't be Anik going in there interviewing fighters after a fight. 
I honestly won't. Used to like him but is now just a soundboard next to Joe 
Source is from Brendan Schaubs fighter and kid podcast couple months back when he talked about joe silva. If I recall correctly he said that joe silva didn't go in for his Lavar Johnson fight to shake his hand and that's when he learned that joe doesn't go there if he doesn't like it.
He didn't go in the octagon to congratulate the fighters so most likely means he hated the fight, which has been his way of saying this. 
My guess he hated the fight. Joe always goes in there to Congratulate fighters if he loved the fight, but doesn't if he hated it. 
He said for the past year that he would fight Cruz for the title, he just wants to get paid accordingly to it. $2 million I believe is what he asked for to have that super fight.
DC must have taken thanksgiving serious this year to have gotten injured while eating.
What rounds did you have for ward? 2 judges had all rounds beyond the 7 for ward. How the hell does he win Rd 10 and the fight especially with the 10-8 2nd round 
Sorry but I'm confused, how is that a majority draw? Wouldn't the one judge that decided 48-47 be the deciding factor to woodley because woodley won 3 rounds in his scorecard? 
Bummed out for Kennedy vs Rashad and cowboy not happening at 205 but I can handle the delay. Now excited for this card and so happy that it gives a chance for DC to get a good PPV points on it.
Same for Holly. Came into the year as the world beater and a huge favorite against Meisha Tate, getting choked unconscious a few minutes before likely winning a decision, and getting technically played by schevchenko. 
And all within less than a year I believe.
I'll celebrate it cus at the end of the day the PPV is still the same price and that's how I'm going to watch it. Cheapest seats for UFC 205 were reported at $800 or so and for the card that will make history, that's not bad at all. 

Filled with fun fights, different personalities, production, styles, results. I honestly don't know how people can pay $3000 plus per ticket to go to the super bowl to hopefully not see your team get run through for 6 hours if the game is not competitive. 
Don't hate it. Be happy about it. I remember the day of the event Luke Thomas was saying it wasn't filled with boxing fans at all. It was all rich people who filled the Las Vegas airport in their private jets who knew nothing about boxing. They were just there cus of "history".

They brought Las Vegas tons of revenue by spending there money and got a shit product at the end of the day. Now they won't think twice about being fooled again, and are now with the thought that the UFC will always deliver in some way, which it does. 
Yeah, I wanted to root for her but that little stunt just got me wanting Amanda to light her up like a Christmas tree. 
I'm single and live AZ. Used to have a dog but passed away couple years back. Life consist of working and hitting the gym after work, and I light jog or hike with couple friends around the mountains nearby. I'm a hardcore mma fan so I spent lots of time watching fights, reading mma related Articles on my phone, and betting friends on fights. UFC 205, biggest card ever is tomorrow night and I have roughly a group of 25 people, most of us child-free, meeting up at Natives bar and grill to watch the fights and then go out into the town afterwards. It's a pretty laid back lifestyle, but friends and hobbies make it worth being CF.

https://twitter.com/arielhelwani/status/797125522882969600
I would be very cautious with picking Weidman. He had neck surgery not to long ago and i would say that plays a huge factor that i haven't heard anyone bring up. Who knows how well he has recovered and if his wrestling will be affected by it. All we know about Yoel is that he is supposedly not taking any PED's, he may be injured but i would say age is working against him at the moment more than any injuries.
i am afraid he can't save the day. Cerrone seems to be fighting at UFC 206 against Matt Brown, all sails are pointing in that direction. Plus, cowboy said it's nearly impossible to get another opponent in such a short notice because of the strict rules the New York Commission has at the moment.
don't they weigh in the fighters early in the week so they have an idea of where there weight is at? Why doesn't the ufc weigh each fighter everyday for 3 days prior to the fight, so if one fighter is way off and not on track to make weight they can communicate it to the opposing fighter and make a deal to a catch weight fight before the weighing-in for the commision and still di the 20% deduction fight purse.
I wouldn't say that to him. It's already bad enough as a fan that it was supposed to be Cowboy Vs Lawler initially. Then it was Cowboy vs Gastelum, at least cowboy is fighting so its worth it. Then for the guy to buy the expensive tickets for this historic event and knowing the fight is off the day before the event all because the fuck face can't make weight. 

Fuck that, he can be pissed all he can. He's not getting the product that was initially presented to him at this time. 2 fights with major stars of the gone, just like that a week before the fight. 


Did Conor say "don't touch the coat" or "don't touch the goat"? I can't make it out.
Dana seemed genuinely concerned. When there's tension between two fighters during the state down he routinely says not to touch each other. Does the UFC or fighters get fined if they not even hit, but lay hands on each other before the fight, or is he worried about some bad press from people who still deem mma as human cockfighting? 
Eddie comes out at roughly the 4:23 mark 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z9sbz85QJpI
Eddie comes in at roughly the 4:23 mark 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z9sbz85QJpI
They need to cover everyone in the main card for a historic event like this one. Get Weidman and Frankie in there, especially since they are both near Eddie or near New York, and make it a 15 min embedded. 
Depends of your area. The all Buffalo Wild Wings, Tilted kilts, Hooters, Natives, Famous SAMs are free in my area. Friends and I always go in early to get a good seat and order food and couple drinks and we're solid for the night.
Funny how when there were rumors of Rogan leaving last year people were clamoring (including me) for Robin Black to be a good replacement because of his enthusiasm and love for the sport. 

He started doing exclusive breakdowns for the UFC and then the whole Ariel-UFC ban happened and that's when everything turned on him it seems. Once he made his unpopular remark, a lot of people in the mma bubble turned on him and even the UFC doesn't use him as much, if any, in their YouTube channel like they did before. They rather have Hardy do the breakdowns, and rightfully so because he's way better. 

Just goes to show that the mma audience and the UFC don't give a fuck about you if you make a stupid remark, even if you're trying to be a buddy-buddy with a corporation so they have you in mind for a future gig. He really fucked himself hard, because mma audiences don't forget and will hold that on him for a long time.
Exactly, I don't expect this or that capoeira kick at all against Eddie Alvarez. Uses too much energy and leaves him vulnerable. High risk, and low reward move.
I would go with Barbozas kicks. Finished 2 guys with them and his switch kick is so fast that it seems he rarely has issues pulling the trigger on it. 

Would've loved to see Aldo use more leg kicks against Frankie back at 200 but I if I remember correctly he didn't want to be left vulnerable for the takedown 
He may be, but we can't act like we don't love it. Classic interviews from mma have been from Ariel. The sport that is supposed to thrive on self-promotion is very much fueled by people like Ariel.
Yes sir
I alwaya tend to root for the fighter that has the style i love. Ill always root for Barboza, aldo, edgar, and Mighty Mouse.
I never miss any of These vids, too good.
That speed! 
It may not be as dangerous as you say but fuck living there. Would hate to live in a place where some dude thinks youre dogging him and now thinks he's got something to prove. I had friends like that and they always fucked up a good time.
2 boys and with his new baby girl itll be 3
To the octagon and the PPV. It's silly to sit down to see a full blown trailer before the main event after paying for the PPV. 
I went with buddies to a couple theatre PPVs and it's fun but most of the time you are quiet and respectful compared to a pub where you're more loud and talkative. 

For UFC 187 I went alone since everyone was busy with their families and was totally worth it. Some people were also alone since you are mostly in the dark and have the environment of just watching fights, than a waitress asking you every couple minutes if you're ok, and some asshole at another table screaming "OHHH" at every punch thrown.
And you can hear all the audio. I watched couple PPVs last year in the theatre when they were showing them and the end-of-the-round horn made me actually cover my ears. 
Of course most illegals are going to be Latino but let's not pretend that there are other nationalities that are here illegally, even some Canadians. I knew a Filipino girl I use to work with who was the sole income of family of 6. 

Besides her kid, the mother, father and siblings were all illegal. No clue how they came in but it's also no shock that some come through Mexico as well.   
There are lots of other nationalities here that are living illegally, not just Latinos. Source, I live in AZ. 
I see what you mean, It's sandwiched between two massive cards, 205 and 206, but I would say they would to a disservice to what once was the "Mecca" of MMA.

 Especially now that they let go Rory who may not be champion, but was always loved by Canadians and international audiences. Canada may not be as big on MMA as it was in the GSP era but it is a PPV market, I would expect it to be a much more valuable market than most overseas markets, especially with the new direction of the new ownership.
GSP seems to be the factor that makes or breaks UFC 206 for a lot of people wether it's attending or buying the PPV. 
Now I gotta root for Werdum. I was undecided and was leaning towards Cain cus I'm Hispanic, he's from AZ, and beat finished Travs Browne. Ill probably end up rooting for Cain when the fight starts out of instinct though.
Aren't weigh ins usually free. Could've sworn it was a free event or are they charging now cus UFC 205 is massive? 
I'm a guy that kind of stopped initiating conversation with this girl. She's an ex and now we are good friends and all but says she still has feelings for me. I invited her to watch magnificent 7, (cus I love western movies and she loves Chris Pratt) the Saturday it had come out followed by dinner afterwards.  I was going to take her out since we are friends and she is always working and talks about how she needs a day off to relax so this would be perfect. 

Couple hours before I have to go pick her up I get a text from her saying her mother got food poisoning and she will have to watch the kids. I already had a feeling she was going to bail. She already has bailed on me twice, we make time to go out every couple months and we have only been successful 3/6 times. So after she gave me her reason why she couldn't go and how sorry she was I told no worries and to let me know when she can so we can reschedule, never does mention it. The Saturday after does mention how she went out drinking, so now I've stopped texting her unless she texts me, but I'll be pretty brief in the convo, and  I've been ignoring her snaps.

I'm a huge mma fan and I already told her about Novembers big fight card and she suggested how "that's one we must watch". Nah bitch, you staying home and I'll be with my friends watching this fight.  
I had already bought two tickets to see the game of thrones symphony your next year that was suppose to be me and her, but I hope she forgets about it and I'll just have to find a new date to take. 
What's Cruz snapchat?
If he's on the rousey card then they may call it embedded. UFC 193s show that aired on TV was called embedded instead of countdown.
Serious question, does the PC have faster loading times? 
I love Joe Rogan and I'm glad he has a passion for comedy, but I don't ever remember laughing at any of his stand up. On the other hand, when he talks off the cuff or talks shit on his podcast is when I'll find myself howling, especially in the earlier of his podcasts. Oh, and him tearing into hecklers and Mencia is funny too. 
I stopped using it about a year ago. The app hasnt been updated in years and formatted for older iphones like you said. Ive just used twitter instead.
And came back and out-boxed silva after being "knocked out"
A loss is a loss my man. Meisha tate lost in front of a huge crowd and brushed it off and is fighting almost 4 months from that loss.
I kinda agree but I want a twist. Would love for them to take influence from the movie Dusk Til Dawn. Imagine,  at night you're at a bar and some people just start turning to these hideous vampires and you decide to run out of the bar to quickly hop on your horse to make your getaway. You can see the Milky Way Galaxy above you, as well as the silhouettes of the winged vampires that are chasing you down.
Is this clip from his "you're welcome" podcast?
Agree, It's crazy how we now have this sentiment compared to few years back when we mostly all cried about Over saturation.
He does get PPV points but I don't think he got it for UFC 200 against silva because the belt wasn't on the line.
Bas wouldnt be that good as a color commentator, his commentating is pretty lackluster from what you expect.

It definitely sucks for DC. Especially when in boxing, GGG and his opponent both made over $1 million and had less than 300k PPV buys. I truly believe the UFC has a a pay system where they don't invest in talent. They put the pressure on the fighters to perform/ market and the UFC ends up in the winning end of it. If the fighter doesn't sell for whatever reason then the UFC can just say they don't deserve  real money while they benefit from sponsors, television deals, and PPV buys.


We don't know exactly how these points work. One the I heard was bracket based. For example. Anything above 350k PPV buys gave $1 for every PPV sold then the next would be 600k and anything above that was $2. 

That's just an example completely made up, and I believe that's why settled for a flat salary because he was aware he would not benefit from the PPV point system.
Did he get points? Didn't he have to sign a different offer because it wasn't for the belt his pay was disclosed pay was less than what he would've if he had fought Jones. I remember he mentioned in an interview that he didn't get what he was supposed to if had Jon stayed on to fight.
On my birthday!! Best birthday present ever!
Poor DC.
Are people buying them? yes, but until we get sale numbers then that's we can tell for sure. I really haven't see as many as you claim when im watching the fights and they pan to the crowd. For UFC 204 i went to watch at BWW and there was a shit load of Cubs and Giants jerseys for the playoffs, and nearly the same amount of people were there for the fights and i didn't see one fight kit. The only fight kit ive seen in person was a Cruz championship jersey when i went to see UFC 199.
If Joe & celebs start goes hard on Ronda again i will not be able to hold back my instinct and hope for another KO on Ronda.
I wonder if that contributed to PPV buys. I remember that not one bar in town was showing MayPac fight, bww wasn't even showing it when they show all UFC PPVs, saying it was too expensive. 

So anyone that wanted to watch the "fight of a lifetime" would be forced to order at home causing more buys because not everyone is going to have 40-70 people in one place watching a combat event like bars do. 

I'm sure that scenario played out all across the country for that fight.
I don't even think retweets is comparable. Conor has a dedicated fan base whereas Rondas is more of people jumping on the bandwagon because they saw highlights on Facebook, and celebs talking about her.  All that Google and retweet is nonsense IMO, anyone can do that. Yeah Ronda was on furious 7 but she wasn't the star of that movie and her entourage movie bombed hard.

I would measure more how much are people willing to pay to see Conor or Ronda perform and Conor is massive in that aspect even with a loss. We will see how huge her comeback is, and that may catapult her into stardom or back to the shadows depending on the outcome .