I remember staying up until 3am to watch John's Starcraft livestreams. I remember falling asleep to some WTF Is playlists, I remember habitually watching the Terraria videos. I remember watching and rewatching every Cataclysm beta video to find every little detail = I remember it all, because it had such a profoundly positive effect on my mental health (maybe not the poor sleeping habits, but still) during that time period.

This news really hit me like a truck, but I can't even imagine what you and your family are going through.

I think it's safe to say that we're all here for you. I know that doesn't count for a whole lot right now, but please know you're not alone.

Godspeed, Bain family.
Yeah eco has kiosks in every state except MN. They're all over the place. Eco also has a partnership with Walmart, they're in tons of them.

https://www.gazelle.com is the same company but web based
It happens, don't stress.
Because two slow vehicles are monopolizing both lanes going the same speed.

/r/nothingeverhappens 
It takes him two seconds to say mother fucker?
Haha. Thank you.
Haha. Thank you.
Can I share this here?

I was playing Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 a long time ago. I was at my friends house and we were taking turns.

There was this map with a small playground. I was using the intervention (sniper rifle) and randomly shot through a wall. I have no idea why I did this. I didn't scope in, I just looked at the wall and shot.

I got a double headshot collateral kill on two people in the playground area!

Here's what my shot looked like roughly: https://i.imgur.com/oeH6O8E.jpg

No one saw it. I'm sure the people who died just passed it off as hacking. MW2 didn't have any replay function (even though the very next game, Black Ops, did). I die a little bit realizing that my video game career peaked there.
you're right - keep your eyes peeled for milk shills
Yeah man I dunno. It was some shit
Same :(

It didn't help that the axe bottle literally said "hold at arms length and spray for 6 seconds"
I thought maybe she was talking about some law that says you can't take the children somewhere without both parents consent? Is that a thing?
Call the post master General. I hear they don't fuck around with mail tampering.
How do you fight? Say you're ganking a lane of two squishes, what do you do?
Probably..

Glad to hear that you're safe.

Even more of a reason to file a police report. The police would have a record of you suspecting him of misbehavior, so if anyone else reports him in the future they'll have a basis for investigation.
Right - or you could just spend 20 cents and get a brand new one.
I believe you can put a thin, metal plate between the clamp and the desk to distribute the force.
I just got glasses and I'm experiencing this. I don't want to buy lense solution if I can avoid it.
What happened?
I'll be excited to see it when I play it
Neat.
We're just learning all kinds of things today aren't we
Does exorcism give haste?
I've seen Cuckcake
Chin up! Sounds like you have a good thing going.
Seems to me that everyone here is thinking I'm saying "is this gta v?" "that picture is gta v, I don't believe you"

I'm just saying I think the graphical styles are similar. I'm not even comparing the games in any other way except some specific instances where they look similar.
Alright then. Looks like the watch dogs and gta v crowd don't overlap very much.
... in your opinion.
Yeah, I do.

I'm not surprised that I'm being downvoted in the watch dogs subreddit for implying that it looks like another game in some screenshots.

That's the beauty of opinions, everyone's allowed to have one and it's just as valid.
Alright dude. Agree to disagree.
You're being kind of condescending, man. This isn't an insult or attempt at an argument.

I've played gta v for 1100 hours. I haven't played watch dogs at all. It's clear why I would think it looks like gta
I sent these to a few of my friends and they also guessed GTA V. I don't think it's too crazy to think that they look similar.

And in any case, looking like GTA V isn't a bad thing. GTA V is a beautiful game.
https://www.reddit.com/r/watch_dogs/comments/8bbx00/another_screenshot_showing_the_beauty_of_this_game/

https://www.reddit.com/r/watch_dogs/comments/8b1nu0/this_game_looks_amazing/

These two demonstrate what I'm talking about
I'm looking through these pictures on the sub and figured it out - I think the nighttime pictures look extremely similar to GTA V. Daytime pictures are unique
I'll stand by it - it looks like GTA V
Every picture I see of this game just looks like GTA V
Those claws are no joke
Well the whole couch was compromised, I'm surprised you didn't get rid of it immediately. If you go a little further with it, by bringing that couch into your new house you've also compromised the house.
Yeah but there's a confirmed spider in the bedroom, there's only _maybe_ a spider near the couch
Sleep on the couch or get a hotel asap.
Nailed it. Thanks for clarifying
Correct! I actually used that exact same example in my comment.
Filing a report is free, so to say. They'll tell you if you they can't act right away, and even give you some good tips and guidelines.

Tell the officers that you're worried. If, god forbid, something bad happened to you, then they'd have a lead on someone.

You're not wasting anyone's time with a report like this. Your ability to feel safe is important, and you should do whatever you can.
Not a lawyer, but I think you should call the cops and file a report.

This is concerning.
Is it one specific spot on the mirror?

I have no idea how those apps work, but it's almost definitely something to do with light, and mirrors reflect a lot of it. Maybe IR or something.

The fan is definitely suspect. Does your Wifi have a password on it? If there is a camera on the fan somewhere then he has to get the data somehow. Whether that's entering your apartment to retrieve it, or accessing it remotely.
If he accesses it remotely then it would have to be connected somehow. Either by Wifi or Cell signal.

My guess is that if he put a camera in there he connected it to a nearby wifi network that he controls.

Just be careful. If he notices that you're suspicious he'll feel cornered and feel like he has to do something to protect himself (if he is indeed recording you).

It might be a good idea to get a hidden camera of your own. If he does anything else you'll have it recorded, and if he gets violent as a result of you catching on to his recording, you'll at least have some of it recorded.
It's tough because if he sees you place it then he'd know it's there. Maybe set it up in the dark.

Now, about the dark. If a camera is in your house it might be equipped with some kind of night vision. I'm not sure, but I think this blasts IR into the room and picks up on that. If that's the case you could do some more investigating. Your phone camera can pick up IR (point a TV remote at the camera and press some buttons, you'll be able to see the light).

Maybe turn all of the lights off at night and walk around and scan the apartment with your phone camera, that should reveal any IR in your apartment.

Good luck and stay safe.
But maybe a little bit
I like to think of those as "so called" quotation marks.

Russia says Syrian, so called 'chemical attack', was staged.
My grandpa sends emails with the weirdest quotation marks and I love it. I'll dig one up real quick

Edit:
>BELOW is an announcement about UN-L’s transition to a different ‘wireless/WIFI’ system for its employees (and maybe for retirees like me?)

>If you think it would be of any value/use for me/us to look into it (particularly for Grandma who, I think, uses WIFI fairly often) please point me/us in a useful direction

\-
>TODAY, the TV was full of commentary about  ’the speech,’ what it might mean or if it was meaningless {because it was inherently ephemeral} or just ’less’.   [ “Less is more” someone has said.]


>In the email INBOX today, our dinning partner had  forwarded this dire diatribe copied from his reading material.    Read it and weep!

\-
>It will take only a little time for  FAUX(FOX) News staff to  expose (via repetitive assertions by Ms Huckabee-Sanders inter alia ) the blurb (below) about 'working less' to  be 'FAKE NEWS" as it must be.

>It HAS TO BE  false!  {Any number of my GOPer friends, or at least erstwhile friends,  and relatives will sincerely assure you that the preceding sentence is A TRUISM}

God, I love that guy. Really entertaining to talk with.
Yeah - so I learned after the first few nights haha. I've gotten pretty efficient about it, but honestly at this point just keep some water bottles by your bed.
I've started keeping a biking water bladder hidden behind my headboard and just drape the mouthpiece underneath my pillow. It actually works out really well.
You're getting a ton of responses so I think your question has been answered, but I wanted to take the chance to share my story too.

My childhood dog was living with my dad after I moved out. Dad told me he wasn't doing well so I came to visit. He was sitting in the back yard with a thousand-yard stare. Hair matted, smelled terrible. I put my hand to his face and he completely ignored me. His nose was so dry it was cracking, and he had a audible wheeze/crackle when he breathed.

That was the easiest decision I've ever had to make. My best friend was hurting at the end of his life - I couldn't just let him suffer.
It was also the hardest thing I've ever had to do.

I took the batteries out of my daily-wear watch and locked the time/date to when we put him down.


I will never understand why my father didn't do more to help him when he noticed deterioration. I resent him for that.


To summarize, it's not always a difficult decision, but it's always the most difficult thing to do.
Have you tried lealgalizing recreational cannabis?
Oh cool. Where should I be looking for a table? Furniture stores? Online?

I've been looking at IKEA, but they're 2 months late on giving me a refund for another thing, so I don't want to give them any more money, haha.
What desk is that? Currently looking for a gaming desk for my new apartment. Currently using a circular, outdoor, metal folding table with a grated top.
Some people are saying they're all trolls, etc.

I have a friend, he's fun to hang out with, but he's a born n' raised Nebraskan (as am I). He's legitimately a flat earther.

"Nah man, that shit is flat. Have you ever seen space launches? Bro, they fuckin' go sideways."

We grilled him for about an hour over drinks and he was unwavering.

Really neat guy.
To this day I have not seen the real message she sent her sister.
So if you've done something wrong you can't change? I don't care for hannity, but we've gotta use some logic here.
Ah right, but just recently I was scrolling to the bottom of my massive playlist and somehow dismissed the notification.
I love GPM, it's one of my favorite music services, but there are two critical issues.

Sometimes they lose licenses to songs so they disappear from your playlist, never to be seen again. You don't get a notification about this so you have no idea what went missing.

The other problem is the mobile app. It's fine, but one critical flaw. If you accidentally swipe left on a song, it gets taken off of the list and that's that. It's gone and if you were trying to scroll down you probably don't even know which one it was.


Otherwise, I've been using it for years and I like it.
What do I do if my partner has this problem?
That's just it, he's sacrificing his worth and his companies worth, but he still makes the rules. It's not absurd that he would do something like this.
Yeah same boat. Zuckerberg makes the rules here - it's not a democracy.
Yes :(

That about sums up my reddit experience.

I was at -1200 on r/askhistorians because I suggested that some conversation is better than no conversation.

My inbox lit the hell up.
The TLD would be .www, /creedthoughts would be a path.

The Domain would be gov.www, with the subdomain www.creedthoughts
Yeah, what the hell, man?
I was curious about this too, being a native english speaker.

So here's the first definition of the word "sorry"
>
feeling distress, especially through sympathy with someone else's misfortune.

I think this fits very well in this case, but actually brings into question why we say "I'm sorry" when admitting guilt or regret.

Maybe "Sorry" isn't a way of expressing regret. Which makes "I'm sorry" pretty condescending. "I'm sympathetic of your misfortune... of getting screwed over by me"

The other definition:
>in a poor or pitiful state or condition.

Maybe this could explain it? Maybe by saying you're sorry, you're expressing empathy for their situation while also expressing you're in a "pitiful state" due to your regret?

Maybe regret is just implied?

Maybe I have no idea what I'm talking about?

Maybe there's another definition for "sorry" that explains all of this?

Who knows!
And hey that's exactly what I'm saying. Speaking reasonably, I kill bees if they're a danger to myself or others. No question.

Just an interesting thought experiment, I guess.

I'd love to read that article
April fools...     ?
I don't like bees very much. I've never been stung by one and don't intend to. I completely understand their importance to the ecosystem so I do what I can to facilitate their growth (not pulling dandelions, planting beds of flowers they like, etc.)

I don't think anyone would suggest that someone give their life for the betterment of bees - but I don't know where I'd stand on the argument when it's: One Life vs. The Future of the Ecosystem.
Absolutely!

I don't know that it's wise to make this decision purely based on anecdotal evidence from strangers on the internet though.

Gauge it for yourself - be especially cautious. Decide if it's worth losing a best friend over.

My friend and I had a great friendship, we had a lot in common. I didn't even think about whether or not it'd work out. We'd consistently spend weekends at each other's house doing lan parties and stuff.

I wasn't worried at all, but I'm sure plenty of people have felt the same way and ruined friendships with a bad roommate situation.
You're right. Probably closer to 5 or 6 days.
Worked out for me and my best bud! We've lived together for about three years in a few different apartments, sometimes with other roomates. Had our differences of course, but we still made it work.

Just went our own ways recently - definitely didn't regret living with them for awhile.
Yeah we're totally on the same page, I was just trying to help clarify the conversation as I understood it.
I think /u/HueMongoose is suggesting that just because it can't be tested with one specific measuring tool, doesn't mean it's not alkaline.
Same. Had to turn off flux to understand what I was looking at
Absolutely!
Haha, yeah. I didn't make the best hud choices back then.
So, I just wanted to share this video of our PvP guild getting together to raid Orgrimmar back in WotLK.

I watch this silly over-produced video every now and again because it really brings me back, you know?

Being in a big group like this really brings about a feeling of comradery. Like you're all part of a team, working together and just having a great time.

The silly stuff mattered a lot - Make sure the Guild Leader survives, they're the face for your group. They provide morale. Don't give the other people the satisfaction of killing them.

I haven't felt this kind of enjoyment from a video game since then.. These days I always feel a little disconnected, like I'm not fully immersed in the game.
I don't know how many other games give you the opportunity to join a massive group of people and make dozens of friends. There are probably plenty, but it takes a lot of time to get to that level.

Time which is more and more sparse as we grow up.

And that's probably the real bitch of the whole thing, we can't really enjoy this kind of gameplay again as we grow up because we just don't have the time anymore. Real life gets in the way and demands that you spend 8 hours a day working so you can live.

Our parents aren't paying the bills anymore, so we're no longer in this little bubble where we can make a video game a major part of our lives. Not like we used to be able to, anyway.

One of my favorite quotes, said perfectly by Andy Bernard:[ "I wish there was a way to know that you're in 'The Good Old days' before you've actually left them.."](https://youtu.be/C7qcFCTa1vw?t=8)

I'll miss all of those amazing friendships I formed while playing. I haven't stayed in touch with most of these people, and I have no idea how to find them again. I really miss a lot of them. I often think about them and hope they're doing well, hope that they're living it up with whatever they're doing these days.


I'm definitely rambling at this point. I just wanted to share a glimpse into one of my favorite experiences in gaming, and I hope it can echo some of your own.


I fully expect this to be burried, I guess. That's okay though - it was cathartic to write this all out.


WoW was a big part of my life, and I hope it had a positive impact on you at some point too.


Good luck irl, friends.
Hm.. Are there extra commands to set the bot AI, enable cheats, set gamemode to Turbo, and set each team's bot difficulty separately?
Please share!
Very annoying. I feel like this is an oversight by Valve, I can't think of any technical reason for this limitation.
Right?

Honestly I just want to play a turbo game with bots and practice my item builds.

I feel like I have all of the resources locally that I'd need to do something like that?

The AI is locally run, the server is running locally, etc.
Okay, I'll just hang up and try another hotel.
Yeah, sort of! It was all very last minute. I got home at 9pm and decided to travel across the country - so I bought a train ticket for 1am that same night.
It seems like there's a pretty common theme in this thread: **YMMV**. Each hotel very clearly operates differently.
With stops. Seattle to Minneapolis. I had a sleeper cab though, it wasn't bad at all. Very beautiful through Washington and western Montana.
I didn't downvote you! I upvoted you for adding to the conversation.
Seems like each location is different.
I think the overwhelming majority of people in the industry posting here have been encouraging this tip. In fact, many of them have been saying to just ask nicely for chargers.
Honestly though, if I were staying at a hotel and legitimately forgot something - I don't know that I'd remember the room number.

Is that kind of thing on a receipt or something?
The charger I was referencing was a macbook charger. I bought one for $45 once, but otherwise they were always paid for by my employer, so I'm not very privy. Looks like they retail from $50 - $80 now.
Right, I'm sure some places have different procedures. Usually nicer hotels will be more restrictive (they pay their employees more, so they care more).

Just call first, they'll ask their questions then.

Another commenter suggested that you say you're calling on behalf of a friend that wants you to retrieve it and ship it to them. Worst case scenario the hotel tells you that you'll have to tell your friend to call instead.
I know some frequent travellers (though I'm sure there are many more here on reddit), I'll shoot them a message! No problem, I figured this tip has helped me in the past so I'd share.
I'm not sure how lost and found works in an airport.
Yeah that's really annoying. Is that just due to the increased cost to import goods?
Haha, jeeze. That's crazy. That's 89 in USD or AUD?
.. I don't think so. My girlfriend worked at a hotel for many years and verified that this is a good tip. Other hotel employees have commented here to say similar things.

USB-C and Micro USB chargers are very common, sure, but how many chargers do employees need? If anything this tip is _more_ relevant as cables become standardized.
I remember I bought one for $45 in Minneapolis - I was estimating the $30.
What did you do?
Perhaps try a hotel?
Sorry about that. I specifically posted it now because I hadn't seen it on Reddit in quite some time.
I was just joking.
Go make sure that poor lady is okay!

edit: Jeeze, guys, I was kidding.
That's actually not that bad. It's probably only a Sunday clean away from being livable.
I like how instead of cleaning even a little bit, they went out of their way to buy one of those dangling fly traps.
What's a jigger
huge if true
I'm from Nebraska. All the beautiful people move away.
Oof. I don't think I've ever met someone that gorgeous.
I'll give it a try! Thanks for the suggestion
Hi! Thanks for the response. Could you check my latest update and sanity check it for me? I'd appreciate it.
Thanks, I appreciate the advice. Seems level headed and I agree with pretty much everything you said.
I sure learned my lesson didn't I
Thanks for the advice. This seems like the most sane solution. I've had a lawyer contact me about this, but I'm not sure if I want to pursue legal action.
... So like, 2k?
For real?! I'd honestly pay for something like that. I just want some decent modern furniture but it's super daunting to go out and get started. I have a fold out chair and an outdoor table right now, and that's literally the only furniture in my apartment.
Those are pretty big regions, why did you exclude those?

I'm in San Diego right now and I'll need to start buying furniture soon.
Hey, just moved here.

My city in Nebraska tried to move the resources out of downtown to prevent homeless people from idling around there.

What we found was almost expected - the homeless had a better reason to beg for money, "hey I need a few bucks to catch the bus over to the shelter". Seems like just as many homeless hang around downtown.


I don't know what the solution is, just wanted to throw that out there.
It sort of has one? When you make a calendar event there's an option to "Create a hangout for this event" after adding guests. 

https://imgur.com/nurqHXF
No. That isn't your fault at all. Don't ever blame yourself for the behavior of others. You can influence other people's behaviour, but not cause it.

They fucked with your keyboard, they trashed your desk. This is very disrespectful and isn't welcome in a modern workplace.

It sounds like disrespecting you is a common theme - don't let up on your boss about the Model M. Don't let him ignore it. Explain the significance of the keyboard and ensure that something is done about it.

Good luck, friend. Don't let those garbage people treat you poorly.
Yeah the roll is really the failsafe.
Do they though? Out of curiosity I took a look at available sizes on amazon, and the largest one I see is the equivalent of Men's US Size 12, and the reviews are saying they run small.

Surely no shoe manufacturer would make a high heel that could fit size 13 (or 14, 15, etc..) feet - they just wouldn't sell enough.

That being said, I sure feel bad for any big-footed women out there.
Every single time I've offered a worker a beer they've declined. Every time.

What am I doing wrong? :(
Hi Gamer Dad. You'll need a few things.

Does each player have a computer they can play on? If not, that's definitely step #1. A cheap laptop might be sufficient.

Next up you'll need to set up a Minecraft server. There are a ton of great tutorials out there. This one might be the most comprehensive: https://minecraft.gamepedia.com/Tutorials/Setting_up_a_server


Now, will everyone be playing in the same network? If so, then you really don't need to do anything special. If not, you'll need to work on port forwarding for the machine running the game server.


Another fun thing to do might be to get a Discord server set up, so they can all chat about it without having to be in the server.

Good luck!
It's probably required for the engraver to map out what it's going to do and ensure that there's ample material to do it.

Whatever its purpose, it's extremely badass.
Alright bud, don't forget who started Arbor Day in the first place. (Nebraska).
Why do you think that? I'm looking to buy some nice desktop speakers here soon and I had been looking at the edifeirs.
(or your hands)
Very well written and presented. Thank you, I think that pretty much satiates my curiosity.
That's a good idea, I think it would be a pretty limited data set though.
I'm in the Midwest. Curious, why do you think it would make a difference?
I can't stomach brie (or most cheeses). This looks fun, is there something I could use instead?
It's okay to be misinformed! Maybe you should try doing some googling?

Just think about it, how could the fetus stay fresh if not for the hymen?
I'm not mad at him? I feel like he's doing fine.
Why is that almost impossible?
Wow thank you!

Do you mind if I ask about your qualifications? It seems like a few of the things you mentioned go against other advice I've read from esteemed dog behavioralists (eg : Dr. Ian Dunbar).

He also doesn't really care about hand muzzling. He'll wait patiently for you to let go and then immediately start biting the hand again.

I'm worried about the time out thing. He has massive anxiety in the kennel, absurd amounts of drool when we let him out, excessive whining/crying/thrashing as soon as we put him in (we never use it as a punishment and we always make him sit/shake before putting him in and we put some food in there for him). So I'm concerned that by isolating him as a punishment it may make the kennel worse for him.

I haven't checked his gums yet but will when I get home.

He's good at sit, shake, lay, and speak. Not so good at stay.


Thanks again!
I've been perscribed both Adderall and Vyvanse, I much prefer Vyvanse. Don't see anyone talking about it - is it uncommon in the recreation realm?
Help, our new puppy just gets more aggressive if we express pain. (a high pitched "ow" followed by slow removal of the hand). He gets mad that we're taking the hand away and doesn't give a shit about whether or not he's causing pain.

Also barks and growls aggressively until he's given attention.
This is surprisingly relevant: https://i.imgur.com/SrGq6lS.jpg
Are you saying you could get anyone's name and phone number if you claimed then as a dependent?

I believe you need someone's SSN before claiming them as a dependent. In this case I'd wager that it's not that hard to find contact info about someone if you know their SSN, so this is a non-issue.

But let's break this down:

In the cases where both identities are legitimate, there's no harm in releasing the contact info of the person claiming someone else to the person being claimed.

In the case where the claimer is an illegitimate or stolen identity then it could help the person who was claimed, only hurting the criminal in the process. Or it could be fruitless, helping no one but not hurting anyone. 

In the case that the claimed person was using an illegitimate or stolen identity, then it could potentially leak contact information of the claimer to the illegitimately claimed, but this seems like such a complex attack vector for such little information.

In the case that both identities are illegitimate or stolen, then...?

I feel like the one case where information could be leaked is so inconsequential and rare that it doesn't outweigh the possible benefits of this disclosure policy.
Lmao
I loved your points.

I had a very similar conversation recently, specifically about the carrying of traditions/knowledge. There's a big body of water in South Africa that dries out every so often. Never in recent history, but I think there's been evidence of it having emptied many times before (the validity of this is kind of moot because it's a good example).

What if a village kept settling in the same spot, only to get mostly destroyed by the infrequent drought. What if they kept settling there / not moving because very few people were able to carry on the knowledge that a great drought happens and tons of people die. I attributed this partially to the lack of written records.
Top loaders have this problem too?
This looks great! Except I don't like sour cream or cheese, sooo..
It's actually an anger management technique
We should stop having.
What did it say?
Or imprisoned for years
>that face when
Yeah why is no one talking about the Gorilla and Crocodile.

Idk how rats are going to beat a Crocodile, and Gorillas are extremely scary.

Lions probably wouldn't be too much of a problem. They're more of a strike-force animal (sort of like wolves), they don't do well in prolonged fights but they can kill effectively. 10,000 rats would probably take care of the lions.

Buffalo and Brown Bears? Not really sure how to deal with those.
Hmm. Good point.
Buddy how about we all just take a breath.

The comment, as it stands, is grammatically incorrect. It's legitimately tough to follow. I can infer your meaning just based on the words, but English is my first language.

No one's mad at you, your comment is still positive. It was just some friendly advice to re-phrase your comment.
Why the hell are you so hostile? No one was mean to you?
How many rats can 50 hawks eat? Certainly not 10,000
I audibly said "Fuck yeah!" when I read the title.


Thanks, guys!
Without a doubt my favorite VR game. I was surprised to learn it wasn't a VR-exclusive game.
"I wonder if the other side of the hill is also riddled with the Spanish Flu"

I think at some point you have to count your blessings. You weren't infected yet, and now you're the only person in this town. No more people to transmit it to you!
Laughed a good deal at this
Mhm, that's great and all, but how does it handle any skin that creeps into my personal space?
I don't really like the idea of having to keep all of my media on a storage device. I think streaming is really the way to go. 

Can Plex play netflix videos too?
It's really funny, and really sad that this joke mock-up is legitimately better than the actual system they used.
https://i.imgur.com/UEAzDbg.jpg
I've renewed my learners permit 4 times over 5 years. I'll get that operator's permit some day.
Wireshark is very noisy. What kinds of things should I look for? What filters should I use?
I've been plagued with this problem for months. I've replaced my modem and router to no avail. I was about to start wiping hard drives because I thought a computer was infected with something that was over-saturating the network.
I wonder if this could affect hardwired connections too?
There are three steps between my car and kitchen :)
People taking an STD test
It's a Scooby Doo!
Seriously! I keep checking back here to figure it out!
Haven't failed yet. Don't plan to.
It's so they're always ready

*taps bluetooth answer button

"Go."
Holy shit, yeah this is a major problem. I thought I was just bad at transactions.
Yeah but Mandy's work was significantly cheaper
Lol I was just giving you a hard time. I understand what you mean. I just think it's funny, we're over here talking about lighting up in a goddamn igloo and you're complaining about irritated eyes and inefficient weed consumption.
Yo, hit me up when that happens because I've never been inside of a snow structure
I bet you're fun at parties
Yeah exactly. Even independent of trump, I want to make sure my president is mentally fit enough to take office.
I feel like there are a _ton_ of bindings for E:D, do you have a fancy-pants HOTAS or do you also use another control interface?

An I expect you have a wheel/pedal setup for Dirt Rally too? :)
Really just a pathetic guy.
It makes sense, it was previou- Actually looking at it again I have no idea.
Do you play Elite Dangerous with the Oculus Touch?

Also yes, I've accidentally yanked on my cables while playing Superhot because it got caught around my ankles, haha.
Idk how they can say the same 3 lines over and over and still laugh their ass off every time.
Icetown, that's the massive indoor winter sport complex, right?
Underrated comment right here. Mind blown.
Lol. I feel the same way.

We've been conditioned to want near-garbage food.
Shit, I have no idea. Probably got taken down by reddit for "inciting violence" or something.
/r/punchablefaces ?
For fun, let's assume they are just as bewildered as we are.
I don't think so. /u/Locke91 said he was wishing we had the same standards in America as they do in Germany, and /u/incogburritos countered by saying the policies in Germany are worse because Merkel makes rash decisions about what is or isn't a newspaper.
Eerily similar to our orange orangutan deciding what is and is not news
I don't get that scene? Why did Stanley say "oh God" and hand Jim some paper?
I think their point is that people will still be obese, because they'll simply use this drug as a way to eat even more food.
I'll be honest when I saw this in my notification bar I was extremely confused as to what comment you could be replying to
Wait why? It's calming as fuck.
What are the chances that Trump could benefit financially from this book?
> intelligence doesn't stop cancer, injuries, accidents, or violence.

First off, we're talking about Education, not Intelligence (I believe there's a difference there). And you're right, it doesn't stop any of those things. In fact, I'd wager it doesn't stop anything bad. But it helps, and that's what counts.

I don't know if free college is something that could ever happen, and honestly I don't care a whole lot. I just hope that someday higher education is at the very least, more accessible.
I understand that, but you both contribute to the account. As long as you don't spend more than you put in?
Hmm, I'd speculate it's because narcotics are legal to prescribe on both a State and Federal level.
>so she doesn't cut your PC parts budget

??
Are we no longer our own people when we get into a marriage?
By his logic, I should accuse AMD of selling fake processors
If everyone is equal, this little girl saying "I'm the greatest" means everyone is the greatest (because they're all equal).
Wanna take some side action? I'd put like, $2 down that the boyfriend wanted her to post them
My friend sent me this picture and I tracked down the thread just so I could see if anyone could figure out wtf is in his passenger seat. It's driving me crazy! **What's in the passenger seat?**
Sex? Do they mean sex? That thing that almost every living thing does?
Oh jeeze, I feel for you. When my v10 failed I was only using coinbase. Luckily it wasn't so tough, just took time. Using like, 4 exchanges now so I'm thankful I'm covered.

Best of luck to you my friend :)
Darn, now when I drown in a freezing pond I'll also be mad at myself because I learned a way to save myself on reddit but couldn't remember.
Thanks for clarifying, I was trying to imply that most sites do in fact encrypt your passwords, just like Authy.
Yup! That's the point I was trying to make. Thanks for clarifying.

As reference, they encrypt your entire authenticator with a master password.
Maybe you could share more info to help people make a decision?
Maybe, but only in the same way that storing your passwords online is a security risk (you already do this with every site you use).

The entire app is encrypted with your master password, and you're only given one (I think?) backup code.

From what I've seen, even security professionals are happy with this.
Yup! You can have as many authenticators on your phone as you want.
No, I'm afraid it's not too easy. You'll have to re-do each of your existing apps, but goddamn it's so worth it to do it before you need it.
I'm a sheep, I bought a v30 the day after my v10 bootlooped. Funny story, I was planning on going to the Verizon store to buy a v30 on Thursday, and my v10 failed on Wednesday.

I had almost 30 accounts linked to my google authenticator that I've been working on getting migrated. It's a real pain in the ass. Tip for the reader: Use Authy instead, it has cloud saves of your authenticator.
The way that man picks up the phone is elegant.
That's definitely some of it
I didn't know that at all. I don't know how I feel about all of this
Oh god..
Are we just not going to talk about the raw eggs?
I don't drive, but I can work from home. I only need to be able to walk to some restaurants and grocery stores. I can lyft everywhere else. Does my lifestyle fit in there?
I want to move to Bellingham! Any tips or advice?
Quickly scribbled his comment and mailed it in to Reddit HQ
Wait, am I on facebook?
What else could you say?
Not the place, I guess.
That last girl is really cute
I was typing this response and then they deleted their comment, but for those who are still unaware:

Hospice is end of life care. Often times when elderly family members fall terminally ill they need to be watched full time by professionals. Employers usually wouldn't allow for the time off required to care for an ill parent/grandparent, so the only alternative is to pay someone to be there for them.
Thank you! I'd been curious about that.
Sucks that we have to feel that way.

If I were on the west coast witnessing this, I'd likely think something bad was happening. Stupid.
Lol we've gathered information and share it for those of us who are able to find themselves in such a situation
Sounds like he gave up on his own domain name even though everyone is saying can still get it back. Here's another webdev's support, I really think he can get it back with moderate effort.
Tried to reword it a few times, gave up. :(
No, it's not perfect. The people who do know will avoid doing so, though.
> That's a felony?, wtf?

To deter people from doing it.

It's less about it being a fair and just punishment, and more about making people think twice before doing it.
Ah, interesting. Thanks for sharing.

I would imagine that the US/SK military are certainly aware of these limitations also, but they're still quite afraid to start a conflict. Perhaps there's more to the story?
But it does have something to do with Nixon? Nixon and his Administration are at fault for the horribly incorrect view that most 50+'ers have on Cannabis.
Source?
Also the world kind of sucks ass right now.
The idea of submersible data centers is cool.
Neat. Thanks TugboatEng.
Who's we?
Super super interested in trying a squonker!
But Mythbusters just assumes perfect conditions. I'm sure they know enough science to be able to replicate something like this.
How long will it take me to get the Try it All Pack with free shipping? :)
Your account looks like a shill account too
Tons of them look like shill accounts, what's going on?
This guy posted twice on your thread
Did you create an account just to say this?
This is your only reddit post
That legitimately confused me for awhile because I jumped into the middle of the article.
Little anecdote: I'm definitely not relaxed during a haircut. I don't even have any specific anxiety, I'm just extremely uncomfortable due to the social situation. 
Jesus man, I think you care about this way more than I do
Thanks! That made me happy to read.
r/iamverysmart == r/iamverypretentious
Here's the thing, I agree with you. I just think you came off incredibly pretentious with your post.
r/iamveryrude

^:(
This gif shares a birthdate with my grandmother
r/iamverysmart
How did you get it for that cheap?
I'd take this house just like it is if it meant I got to live there.
.. Autocorrect.
What do you mean?
How the FUCK are people complaining about the headboard and heating bills? Are you kidding me? I'd literally do anything to live in a place like this. Those are the gd ALPS outside your window.
Holy shit.
THANK YOU
According to these guys, the people in favor of Net Neutrality were just bots spouting profanities. Not fair.
Is caffeine a pain suppressant?
Lol, their emblem has turtles on it.
Saw 3 warnings and thought I might be able to watch it. It was just awful. Really awful :(
In this chain, we're talking about critical awareness functionality. Stuff that the vehicle simply couldn't function without.

Tesla's quality control is poor, but remember that they have some of the most talented engineers in the world on staff.
I agree, I don't drive. Still moot though, because cars are a hugely ingrained part of our society. They're not going anywhere. Going back to our previous topic, trying to change the requirements to get a license would be a massive undertaking. It's a crappy position we're in, and we probably won't see change for awhile.. Maybe automatic cars will help push policy change along, I dunno.
That's a good answer to tons of questions on reddit.

I have no idea, but I'm sure the people who are paid to do.
Sure, maybe that's valid, but we couldn't reasonably make it happen. Being disappointed in or criticizing people who don't know how to deal with shock is both unfair, and a waste of time.
I agree, it comes before the original trilogy, it's a prequel. I was speaking specifically in our meming context.
So what's the official stance? Are we calling R1 a prequel?

Edit: Yes, it's technically a prequel, we're on the same page. I'm asking if this subreddit is cool with R1 memes. Just curious. Seems like it is because this post was on my front page.
See edit :)
It was a really obscene comment about decapitating muslims.

Edit: my bad I misread, it was actually a comment about muslims decapitating English leadership.
Dude, what the fuck?
No one said vitamin deficiency didn't exist
Another neat thing is that if your trip goes bad, it can get infinitely more frightening outdoors at night.
Oh my god.
And then you burn yourself out, becoming desensitized to sex *and* you still don't remember the material.
It is :) Thank you
When I was 13 I had time to grind in game to get the items. 

Now I have to work, I have relationships, and time is in short supply. I'm almost forced to pay some shady guy to drop money on me if I want to enjoy the game. Just kidding though, if you get caught they'll just prevent you from playing and delete all of that time/money invested.

It's absurd. I just want to play the game.
Okay, but it helps.

No one suggested changing the default port and calling it a day. It was suggested as an _additional_ measure one could take.
... but it helps.

Changing the port helps protect against general wide-reaching attacks.
Come with us! I'm definitely out of here soon, too.
I was thinking.. Do you think animals recognize that clothes aren't a body part?

My puppy knows not to chew on my fingers, but I never taught him not to chew on my sleeves. 
Hey man, how about we all settle down. Everything's fine.
Oh my God. Turn it into a Civilization game but with a really involved space program. Also you can colonize other planets. So basically, Civilization with a really involved space program and also the game takes place over an entire galaxy.

I'd pay a lot of money to commission the creation of a game or mod like this.
Reading this hurt me.
The two streaks appear to have the same pattern. I don't think the tripod was knocked, but if it were, I'd expect to see the same streak pattern on everything.
Thanks, love you.
Hi! I've used a google home before, but finally bought one for my place.

I'm looking to get Uber linked up but I can't find it in any of the Google Home integration menus. I have Uber installed and set up on my phone.

Any advice? Would be super nice to call an Uber in the morning if I'm running late
Could you curve a TV in the other direction to allow for more viewing angles?
Always need a flange
Making a good interface isn't difficult, it just takes work.
Ahh! Help!
Omg thank you
Lol because #2
I agree that gaseous materials are less dense than solids. However, I think at this point it's a matter of how dense you can make the gas and with what material.

What if you had a cloud of many-faced highly-reflective material?

I'm not arguing with you or anything, I'm just trying to explain my first question :)
Wouldn't the distribution of particles cause the laser to scatter?
What do you mean? The engine?
This house is my spirit animal.
There there /u/xXPu33ySl4y3rXx, it'll get better.
Okay
??? What do you mean? Because it has the word "love" in it? Am I missing a reference?
oh
Can't handle that guy's voice. I liked him in Breaking Bad (I think that was him) but I just can't handle his scream-type comedy.
Thank you! That makes way more sense.
Thank you! That makes a lot more sense.
Ah ha, gotcha. Thank you for the explanation.
I'm confused.. I do say "lay-sir" (more like "lay-zer" but still).

SCUBA stands for "self-contained underwater breathing apparatus", so how did you get "scuh-buh" as an argument?

Full disclosure, I say Jif.

Edit: Why are you downvoting me? I'm legitimately curious, not criticising anything.
Maybe just say .if and insist that the G is silent. The most neutral solution.
Just like every other email you contact, and every service you sign up for.
I started 13 years ago and the friends I made were all saying "toon". I remember because I thought they were saying it because the art style of players looked "cartoonish".

Can confirm.
Gravity is just pointing the wrong way for them :(
I also heard about the "blood turns red in presence of oxygen" thing in elementary school too, so I'm sort of questioning everything.
Goddamn.
I feel like I'm the only one, but it really made me cringe.
My girlfriend is the same way, I feel really bad for her! She can never enjoy early morning relaxation because she's always extremely anxious about the time.
lmao what the hell
No way that's an actual track
ahh, that's where I was getting it wrong *^quickly ^scribbles ^notes*

Dude... Remember just a second ago when you said "they never admit they were wrong in anything"?

Can't you even admit for a second that what you're feeling might be heavily influencing what you're saying (placing what you're saying outside of the realm of logic)? Just take a second to consider how ridiculous this snip I quoted from your comment is. You're sort of acting like a child.

> And perhaps your statements are coming from a place of being paid by GGG, who knows?

Huh, when was this revealed?
Oh my god no one here can just appreciate a joke.
I can't play anymore, and I only saw Varian die after the Horde abandoned them (I thought something was up with that). What happened? Why did they withdraw?
Right on. Thanks.
Just for reference, have you been in an active shooter situation? Are you a cc?
That's really cool. What could I google to find out if this is allowed in my home state?
It's all starting to come together now
It feels like you're dehumanizing them. The story makes me really sad, and I also don't quite understand it, but the way you described it isn't fair.
... you doing okay?
Idk man, blunts are still really wasteful compared to vaping
Swear to god no one in this sub can think of anything more than a month in the future.

AMD isn't going bankrupt.
Ahh, I can't link it to mine, and I think it's because I have a mobile authenticator tied to my account.
I misread, I thought you said "increase the signal to noise ratio". My bad
*Please* read this. There's literally a list on the wiki page, just read the list.
Meanwhile, Russia is hard at work fulfilling Dugin's wet, fascist dreams.

Russia has established great relations with Iran, laying the foundation for the "Moscow-Tehran axis".

Russia has annexed Crimea, previously part of Ukraine (the book calls for a complete annexation of Ukraine.)

The book says that the UK needs to be cut off from Europe. It seems like the UK is further away from Europe than it has been in a long time.

In the book, it's suggested that [Russia offer the Kuril Islands to Japan](https://www.ft.com/content/1905fc24-c360-11e6-9bca-2b93a6856354), in an effort to manipulate their politics and promote anti-Americanism. This basically happened late last year.

**But the most relevant part of the book**, and I'll let you read this summary for yourself:

Russia should use its special services within the borders of the United States to fuel instability and separatism, for instance, provoke "Afro-American racists". Russia should "introduce geopolitical disorder into internal American activity, encouraging all kinds of separatism and ethnic, social and racial conflicts, actively supporting all dissident movements – extremist, racist, and sectarian groups, thus destabilizing internal political processes in the U.S. It would also make sense simultaneously to support isolationist tendencies in American politics."
Maybe, but does America pull that shit in russia?
^I ^think ^that ^would ^be ^*decreasing* ^the ^signal ^to ^noise ^ratio
I can't read this at all. Can someone explain?
You can't punch lawyers in the face.. The reality is that we have to follow our rules, and people who break the rules (often) don't get in trouble (specifically talking about white collar offenses).

This is a difficult problem, and no amount of punching will fix it.
Ukraine has a total of 45 million people. South Korea has 51 million.

The South Korean protests peaked at 2.3 million, with a total of 10 million attending. ([source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016%E2%80%9317_South_Korean_protests#2017)). A total of 10 million people is ~20% of South Korea's population. It took 20% of their population protesting to remove their president from office.

If we use 20% as our number (I know this isn't a perfect comparison), it would take 64,620,000 Americans to protest for what we want. That's.. Just not feasible.

In the United States, our geography is vast. As a result, our ideas are very different, and often polarized. It's hard to rally all of these people together. In South Korea, the population density is so high that you can just yell about something and have a large amount of people hear you.

In the US, it's just not the same. It's *really* hard to spread information, especially to those who don't use social media.

I don't know what the solution is, but it's not the same as South Korea, Ukraine, or the Arab Spring protests.


You can't even use Coinbase on Mint, can you?
I think he may have said this about Putin, which may still be true.
I think you should find the right currency. Doesn't have to be USD. Find a currency with the highest worth-per-bill, or make it a function of weight vs worth. Surely there's a bill more valuable than the $100 note
>"Man up" is more akin to "Stop being such a boy, start acting like a man.", it's not "toxic masculinity" centered at all.

I disagree with you, but that's what's great about this place.

More important to remember is that there are likely lots of different contexts "man up" is used in, and maybe you've experienced some more reasonable uses.

I, however, have seen some *extremely* toxic people using that phrase religiously. I was playing a game of catch with my friend's dad and brother. The brother was younger and didn't have any shoes on (we were playing in some really rough gravel, I wouldn't have wanted to be barefoot). The brother complained after a little bit that his feet were hurting. The dad retorted with "oh fine then, go put your tampon in and play with your barbies". I'll save you the rest of the story, but the kid had bloody feet about 15 minutes later.

I dunno, maybe it's just that I'm more on board with loose gender role definitions. Some of the greatest men I know are quiet, relatively timid people. Similarly, some of the greatest women I know are extremely outspoken and strong willed.

I don't think men need to be the stereotypical man, and I don't think women need to be the stereotypical woman.
Right? For some reason it's really normalized, but it if you think about it from even a slightly different perspective, it's actually really messed up how industrialized we've become (Not saying it wasn't necessary or hasn't been helpful or whatever).
Have you seen the fish processing machine posted here?

We're too good at this shit.
Thanks for the suggestion! Can I use this on a multiplayer server? (the name suggests otherwise). 

Edit:

A couple of more questions:

The link you pasted says I need ModLoader or Minecraft Forge. Which one does Voltz use?

The Player API forum page has many downloads for 1.5.2, which do I need, or how can I find out?:
Universal,
Bukkit,
MCPC+,
Render

I see the 1.5.2 download for Single Player Commands (http://www.minecraftforum.net/forums/mapping-and-modding-java-edition/minecraft-mods/1272348-single-player-commands-v4-9-official-download-spc#c1), I imagine I use Manual Installation? If so, where do I put it? I see there are a few different .jar files in my server directory (or perhaps they go in the mods/ folder?)
No :(
Thank you for the response! I've been having trouble finding someone to help.

Are you sure? It says here that it's made on 1.5.2: https://www.technicpack.net/modpack/voltz.552677/mods

Maybe I have the wrong version of voltz..

I see that there's also this one: https://www.technicpack.net/modpack/better-volt.410527

We've been working on this world for a few days now. Can I upgrade without too much trouble?
Sorry that you interpreted my narrative incorrectly.
Okay?
Ah, gotcha. A lot happened in just a couple of hours, so it's tough to tell.
Pretty sure that one of the charges is literally "Conspiracy against the United States"
Waiting for Manafort to get hit with the RICO.
:(
On Garry's Mod, there's an open world RPG-like server which allows you to be a student in hogwarts. You have to attend your classes on time, and you learn a new spell after every class (and everyone's roleplaying the whole time, teaching about potions, or muggles, or herbology, etc.). It's pretty fun.
What if the bird was like, biting his insides? Or clawing his insides?

I guess then the bird would spit him out, meaning fish cooperation..
Why don't you just tell your doctors?..
I find that chatting while it's happening keeps your mind occupied. I know you're already done, but maybe for next time..

In any case it's really great of you to donate, especially because it's difficult for you.

Embarrassingly, I've been there.
That's exactly what I did, and I learned a lot! It went super well.

I don't know why everyone was being so weird about it.
Hey man, it went fine. He was super nice, awesome to talk to. All around a great experience.


You tried to scare me.
It was a great experience and I learned quite a bit. He was a genuine guy and he was happy to talk with me, and never once tried to sell or push anything on me.

I'm glad I didn't cancel the meeting :)
He ended up being a great guy. He didn't know what to talk about, so I just laid out where I was and he told me I was on a good path, already investing well.

He never tried to sell me anything or push anything on me.

It was a very valuable meeting!
Hey, super super valuable stuff. Thank you. I'm definitely framing it more around these things than anything else.

I understand what you mean. It's a little nuclear though.

There doesn't need to be another meeting. Knowing this now, I'm able to just say "no", right? Just need to play it safe.
Fair, but I'm not asking him so I can rush home and buy X stock.

I'd ask the question to get his perspective on things, observe why he thinks what he does,e tc.
You know, that's fair. I appreciate that you brought them up.

I don't think it applies to this situation, I'm not trying to buy products or services from him. Just gain some perspective and insight.
Jeeze, okay. Good to know, thank you. This is why I made this post! I wouldn't have known.
Great suggestion! I like that idea a lot. Thank you.
He expressed that he doesn't have any desire to do business with me either. I imagine he's looking for old people with lots of money.

I'll keep my wits about me. I'm certainly not signing anything while I'm there.

Thanks for the advice
Thanks for the word of caution.

I won't let him sell me anything. I'm only looking for him to share his knowledge with me.

I believe that his primary purpose for responding to me is to fulfill a desire of passing on his knowledge to someone young. I think a lot of older people feel that way. But maybe I'm wrong.

I'm certainly not signing anything in this meeting!
Yup, exactly!

I think many commenters on this thread believe that I will walk into the office and trust every word he says.

He's just a guy, but I imagine he has more wealth management experience than most people here. I'm simply asking how to best take advantage of it.

Thanks for commenting
You're being very critical and reading into things that I don't think need to be read into.. 

I don't know how to answer your second question, it feels like a trap. They've talked to me about how they manage their money, and they've invested very wisely in the past. Very frugal people. They retired early, living off of passive income. As I understand it, their passive income is exceeding their current expenses.

As for your last question, this is a one time meeting with a man who can offer some potentially valuable information. I'm not suggesting I'll take his word as gospel. I'm simply asking what kinds of questions would be worthwhile asking someone with lots of wealth management experience.

I probably should have clarified a lot of this in the original post
Well, this will be my only visit with this advisor. I don't intend on doing any business with him (nor him with me), he's simply offering his time and knowledge.
I probably didn't make it clear. I don't intend on doing business with this advisor. He's giving me an hour of his time (free of charge) to ask any questions I might have.
My retirement account allows me to choose how my money is invested, and most of it is in index funds.

I have $1,000 in stocks because I want to. I think it's fascinating, and I've made money so far.
Hi!

He's one of the highest rated wealth managers in my area. I have some money-smart family members who have spoken highly of him. Perhaps "esteemed" was not the correct choice of words.

I have ~$1,000 invested in stocks right now. I'll take a look at those wikis!

I don't plan on doing any business with this man. He essentially said he didn't want to do business with me either (he likes old people with a lot of money), but he extended this offer of time to me.

"If I had someone like me advising me when I was your age, I'd be filthy rich!"
Haha, what am I missing? I don't know anything about Whole Life Insurance.
That's a good point, and one I didn't really consider.

I'm writing up a portfolio summary now. My goals are loose, I don't really know what I want to do.. I suppose that might be Step 1.

Thanks for the advice!
That's really good advice! Thank you.

I'll start writing that information up now.
Sorry, I should have clarified. I want to get information which would help me personally.

My stock market questions are primarily "Will X market do well in the next 5 years?" I have my theories and would be interested to hear what he thinks of them.
Good idea. I'm young so I don't have much of a portfolio (and perhaps I'm not sure what a portfolio should contain).

Should I show/discuss what stocks I'm invested in, or should I just say I have N dollars invested in the stock market?


oh
Oh.. It was a legitimate question. Maybe going to war _would_ increase our productivity. Maybe this isn't the place for that discussion.
Is this trumps policy too?
Yeah of course, but then there are billions of people who eat meat daily. I'm saying it's difficult for us as a species/society to move away from something that has been a staple for us since the dawn of time.
It's hard to kick thousands of years of dietary habits.
Beans and lentils all the way
Matt Damon (the gentleman in the picture) also played Private Ryan in Saving Private Ryan
Waiting for dream interpreter's pseudo science to chime in.
Like nixon children who believe that cannabis is as bad/scary/dangerous as heroin.

Can't believe it.
Weekend project :)

Then you help the next person to think the same thing.
"Well that's that."
Jesus Christ that would be terrifying. Chilling out and then a bug scary thing starts flashing at you out if nowhere and then eats you.
I suggested in an r/askhistorians thread that a tangentially related, sourced answer is better than no answers at all.

Boy was I wrong. Almost hit -1000 for that.
We need a new bird plague, that's what we need.
As I've started to get older, I've started to develop this deep hatred for those things. Everything about them is disgusting and awful. Just so awful.
There are different kinds of weed, too. 
Wait am I the Nazi in this case
Seriously, I bet that at least 30% of these images on facebook are just data collection campaigns. It would be so easy to write a bot to parse the comments and link the data to the commenter.
So are you actually going to remake it? I know how easy it is to _not_ work on a project that already feels done, even if it's a prototype.
R&M reference?
:(
Oh, nice!

Sidenote, did my ✓ work?
Awesome! I'd be curious to see your code, if you wanted to share (messy or otherwise!).

So, to advertisers (or anyone trying to gather data on the masses), would a 25% chance of having the correct birth date be valuable enough to make a meme on facebook? Probably!

I appreciate the work that went into this, thank you!

✓
Oh.. Yeah that makes sense. I'm always curious how much of an info-grab these little exercises are.
This is a little different than other posts I usually see here, so please let me know if it doesn't belong here. Thank you!
3.2 now. I'm also lost.
Iiiinteresting. Thank you :)
I'm really confused by this story. 

Your grandpa never liked his own daughter because his wife had sex with his brother?
Why?
Yeah, the strategy is aimed at weakening them rather than defeating them.
Yeah I'm not even into drawing or anything, but I took a little bit to admire his art. The hands look decent, the hair was made well, proportions are good, and I think the eyes were great too.
The only problem I've had with mine is the fact that it keeps inflating every battery I put into it. I'm on battery 5 now.
Oh.
No.. I was googling it thinking that it was a company name or new technology or something.
... To say you've been on a completely scripted tour of North Korea
Thanks! They deserve it.
Tell me about the vmware training?
I set up a voip system for a small office. I managed all of the extensions and stuff, and I'm really kicking myself for not even getting a _little_ bit creative with it now.
So this kind of speed is only for local network use?
Hey man I'm just asking a question to learn. I feel like you're being a little rude.

If I plug my computer with this network card into a router, you're saying that the router doesn't have the bandwidth to support this card, but a switch does. Surely you can't plug the switch into the router, because the router still has the same bandwidth limits.

So it seems to me, that as long as your modem and cables support it, the only way to get this thing working would be to connect it directly to the modem.

But again, I'm, just trying to learn.
So you just connect a switch directly to the modem?
Why do you need a network switch for this? Does a traditional router not have the bandwidth required to support this?
Just starting to get into men's fashion.. What's wrong with this tie? (also, which tie are we talking about)
Based on recent experience, I believe this person put the cable through the dryer, and it balled up really tightly creating those small tears in the cable. This also explains the strange coiling of the cable.
I don't think that's what the commenter was implying.

"woah, dude, what are we doing here?"

"ah dude, we're waiting for the cops to run my license"

".. shit"

And then shortly after,

"wait man there's a movie playing"
I don't think that's what the commenter is implying? Just convinced him briefly, only for him to come back to reality shortly after.
It looks like Everett is like, right in the center of that convergence zone?
Thank you! I googled "Convergence Zone" and I guess that was stupid, because it's a pretty general term.
I'm hearing a ton of great things about Bellingham. I think it's in my top 3 right now.
I hear that Tacoma has a relatively high crime rate. Enough to worry about, do you think?

It looks like Olympia is a good option for me.

I stayed in Bremerton for 2-3 weeks, and it wasn't the best place, but certainly wasn't the worst.
Can you tell me more about this convergence zone?
This is perfect!! Thank you!
/shrug

It keeps them entertained between seasons I guess. To me, that's what fan theories are all about :)
Hmm.. That looks very promising. How much would I be looking to spend for 1 or 2 bedroom apartments?

What's the quickest way to Seattle?
August into September :(

It was 98 degrees in my room on my second day..
Any suggestions for living in/around the rainforest?
Isn't that the case with a lot of posts here?

In fact, I see a lot of fan theories for series that have ended a long time ago with no intention of a reboot. Is that really any better?
Hey man, check out a comment lower. I said my numbers were too low.

Unhelpful comment.
Thank you! I like you too! :)
I recently lived in Washington for just over a month!
Wow, thanks for the info!

What city would you suggest on the coast? That kind of weather sounds like what I'm looking for :)
I would settle for 1 bedroom?

My estimates were unreasonably low. I could go as high as 1600 comfortably.
Yeah that's also a good point. I'm also not looking to live in Washington until I retire either. I'm only looking to rent for a year-ish
Thanks for the suggestion! I've heard mixed things about Aberdeen?
Getting a lot of suggestions for Snohomish! It's sounding promising. Thanks for suggesting it :)
I actually just spent ~1 month in Kitsap county (Bremerton) and I enjoyed it. I didn't see _any_ rain though, as I visited in August. I'm totally open to it! I don't think I'd want to live in Bremerton, though. Maybe Silverdale.
My plan is to work remotely for my current employer.
Wow! That looks really beautiful!
Right, you got me there. I'm living in Nebraska right now, and mostly I just want to get out of the heat. As long as the summer isn't as hot as it is here.

Funny story, I went to live in Seattle for all of last August, it wasn't the best demonstration of enjoyable Seattle summers!
Hmm, seems interesting. Thanks for the suggestion!
I was just looking there. Seems like rent is cheap, though I only found 1 apartment with openings there.
You're right that it has more average rainfall, but I don't think that's the right region of the US for me
Nail on the head here, I'm really looking to live in the PNW :)

Thanks for the suggestion
It is, but it's what I make here in the Midwest. I'm not looking to be close to Seattle though.
Good idea! I'm seeing a lot more info here, some of it suggesting that Olympia sees the least sun in the state.

Olympia prices are out of my range, though.
Yeah, that'll be a problem for me. I like to game on my PC, but I could sacrifice that for the right location. I need my internet to be consistent for work, though.
Yeah, I'm realizing that now. It's a good point. I should be looking at a "Days of Sun" map instead.
That suuuuucks. I didn't realize it was so inconvenient!
Another great point! I'll have to look at coverage maps, too.
Cost of living, mostly. It doesn't seem to rain as much as I'd like, either. I only stayed for a couple of months, though.
Ahh, you're totally right. Didn't think about that
Awesome info!

You're right about that, and I sort of considered it but didn't know what other metric to look for. Maybe total days of precipitation?

I'm looking for general overcast and drizzle for as many days a year as possible
Hi, I'm OP!

I'm completely fine with living in a remote area, as long as I'm relatively close to a train station, or along a Greyhound route.

I agree, it sounds very lovely :)
You're right.

I'm a computer programmer, so I can work remotely from anywhere.

I'm looking to rent, my goal is 2 beds 1 bath, with a budget of ~~~$900~~1600/mo

I think I would be okay with living in a remote town, as long as I can get a decent place with access to groceries and Amazon Prime :)
A lot of it is the national park, so it's not super easy.

Sidenote, I wish google would have a complex querying system to query towns/cities in a selected area.
I'm just imagining a nightmarish line of sweaty nerds that I'll have to wait behind, only to find out that they ran out of Szechuan sauce by the time I get to the front.

I really want to try it, but I'm worried that it'll be a bad experience.
Same! I just try to remain positive and join in on the excitement.
Why did you reply to this comment
Robber walks up at 0:43
Having fun on a summer day, hop into the water and then all of the sudden you're dead.
I can't even imagine. I've never heard of this before.

This is tragic.
The browns are superb.
_^^ctrl+f_
Proof?
Alright.  Seems like some assholes are using the downvote button as a "disagree" button. I wouldn't like it, but it would be very neat to see a turn based combat system, and I don't know how many people could argue that.
Haha, that's neat that the retail cost of the engines is just common knowledge to you.
That's definitely what this is
[That](https://i.imgur.com/8JJkgtn.png) [handshake](https://i.imgur.com/6Cdg2k2.png) was a disaster
oh
Is this a pun just because it also contains the word "finger"? 
What's amateur about this?
It was a mistake to suggest that Bitcoin elicits this reaction from me for that reason alone. It also has to do with my interest level in Bitcoin, and the apparent barrier of entry..
undo!
On top of that, I'm not super enthusiastic about Bitcoin. I think it's awesome, and I think it's really great that it's becoming so big, I just don't know if I'm ready to get involved.
bullllll shit
Thank you :)
Man I feel you there. I feel like the amount I could invest in bitcoin right now wouldn't be enough to see sizable increases in value. It's like if I invest in TSLA, I can only afford 1 share so even if it spikes up 10%, I only "earn" an extra $34, where others are making millions.

edit: gah, guys I know this isn't logical
psst, they have queso now
You'll wipe student loans if you get a big donation?
oh
_psst_, it's $300
Does waterproof mean non replaceable battery?
> I understand it's a bit of extra load on the servers to keep track of damage dealt (as what deals damage isn't sent to the client, only updated life numbers, so the recap can't be handled client side)

This seems like a flimsy excuse for not including this. First of all, the animations for the abilities are played in the right place at the right time clientside, so the client _has_ to know what ability is being used, right? In any case, it wouldn't be that much extra network load to send even just the _names_ of abilities that have affected the player.
Stop! Usernames are just usernames
Okay so we all agree that this is awesome, right?
Hey thanks for the information! I got it figured out. Next step is to rotate the heat sink :)
Ahh, I figured it out!
There's only 1 cable coming off of the cooler
There's only 1 cable coming out of the CPU cooler. There is a cable which looks like it should connect to that header. Do I have to manually attach the cable TO the cooler?
If we were subpoenaing (terminology?) the data from Snapchat, it's very likely that a "created_at" date/time is saved in that meta data. Even if you couldn't see the video itself, you could see that it was taken and posted at the time that the incident occurred.
I've seen all of the movies and even read some of the books, and I don't understand this one?
Guys this is definitely doctored
Hey, seriously /u/reallynotgroot

A companion/pet will give you a sense of purpose, and that can chain-reaction into some really great changes.

Maybe try fostering a pet for a small duration?
Facebook
Hi I keep watching this episode and I can NOT get over this line. I lose my shit every single time.
They've gotta type this shit and then look at it and be like "eh, close enough" and hit post lmao.
My point wasn't to upset you?

Just pointing out a fun fact.
Voice of reason, thank you :)
*also owned by google*
lmfao I love this place.
I know :) 

I just like the variety of words and phrases describing the same thing.
You write weird.
ok
yeah they can tell it during the next cartel outdoor bbq party
So it's decided, stupid science bitches can't even make proper takoyaki automation tools.
So you're using the world population as you reference for normality?

You'd better be Han or you're abnormal

e: Also I was just shooting a what if, as a hypothetical.
What if there more overweight people than not-overweight people?
How do you know this guy isn't a _senior_ upholstery cleaner and knows something that you don't?
Haha right on. That's awesome, thanks for the stats.
Hmm. Any way of knowing if any of those are still active?
Curious what other people's records look like. Is anyone "catching up"? Drizzy himself won't even be able to beat this record.
... Are you putting frozen grapes inside of your wife?
I think that says more about you than the title..
Shuuuut up. Jesus. It belongs in a different because of a typo in the title? Come on man.
Nah that's definitely some kind of paranoid schizo talk right there.
yo, thanks for updating your answer with correct info. I know it seems like a simple thing but if 1/100 people go to your post and take away incorrect info, then that's misinformation being accidentally spread.
So, thanks!
It depends.
This is some fear mongering.



We can be sad together
Man I looked through your post history for a little bit. You post all the time and it almost always gets negative interaction (removed, downvoted, etc) or no interaction at all. Even when you're not trolling.

That's kind of sad, honestly.

I bet you're loving the attention you're getting in this thread.
No?
/shitredditsays

Also, hey Dr.Daver899, where did you get your medical license?

It's pretty shitty to just go around saying that there is "something mentally wrong" with a group of people. It's ignorant and offensive (granted in this case you're talking about internet trolls, but still).
ok

I learned from someone who knew her better that she did in fact pass away a few months after her last post. Thank you for the offer, though.
I read through all of her posts..  I figured it was the least I could do. I wish I could summarize what I've learned in only a few words, but it's tough.
Fun fact: This appears here because this is frequently the coordinate (0,0) on a standard map. Usually this happens because the wrong coordinates were entered for a place on Google.
Dude I have no idea why people are being such assholes here. I don't think this is offensive either, I just don't understand the joke.
lol this is perfect
I don't think that a giant airline is going to be personally offended for asking for free things. Especially because you provided them with a valuable service.
You have to ask for something like that :) They won't just give it to you.
Hey! There it is. Thank you!
Lol, I was hoping for a more intricate solution than that
How?
This is a good idea, and one I'm working on. The trouble is finding a way to display that information in an aesthetically pleasing way. I really like the simplicity of the site design, so I'll he sure to do it right.
lmao thanks, cumwaffles
gamefaqs represent
Here's the source code, written in Python :)

https://github.com/brandonsturgeon/drake-me

The meat of the scraping is done in here: https://github.com/brandonsturgeon/drake-me/blob/master/build-lyrics/generate.py
Lyrics are complements of genius.com! I wrote a relatively complicated scraping script for it. 

Thanks for the kind words!
Nice, pretty much the same thing :)
Lol, working on that
I'm still ironing out some weird lyrics that got put in there. Also, they're not always Drizzy's lines, but it works for the most part!

cURL-friendly link: http://www.drakeme.com/lyric
Oh god I hate it. Angers me to no end that it's permanent.

Might get a custom stylesheet or something.
Oh, interesting. Thanks for sharing.

Surely it's lack of oxygen which prevents you from passing out, though? I remember I've been on the brink of passing out from oxygen deprivation (darkness starting from the edges of my vision which slowly began approaching the center of my vision), and a big breath of air quickly remedied the problem. That's gotta' mean that oxygen can get to your brain pretty quickly, right?
How is he holding it? Uncomfortably?
That's valid, but that still means that you wouldn't feel "relief" from your breaths for about 5 seconds.
If you take a sharp, deep breath, sometimes you'll feel a small tingle in your fingers. Maybe there's some weird stuff going on, but this seems like some strong supporting evidence to me.

Also when you're under water for a long time and come up for air, I'd be surprised if it took 5 seconds for the oxygen to start taking effect.
You post your own videos with just the titles as a comment. That's interesting.
But.. Cheap games.
Oh, thank you! I appreciate the clarification. I guess I'll just head straight for the gate, then.
Awesome, hopefully they're in the same gate. Thank you!
Thank you very much!
AFAIK every plane is operated by United. I got an email from United with all of my flights on it, so I have to assume that's right. I just didn't want to mislead you.
Awesome, that's exactly what I needed to know! Thank you.
Okay that's not so bad. I think they're both United, so it sounds like I should be OK. Worse case scenario I arrive a few hours later.
It looks like it's all on one ticket. I only made 1 reservation through Google Flights
I think it's United because I don't see anything which would refute that..
It looks like I'm flying United!
I think they're both United because I don't see anything which would suggest otherwise. (Email from United with all of my flights in it)
It's the same ticket I believe. I booked through Google Flights, and I only see one ticket # here.
Thanks for the advice!

OMA -> DEN is an A-319, whereas DEN -> SEA is an A-320, so I don't think that's the case for me :/
At least I think that's what's happening? Having a hard time understanding what Rob's trying to get across..
Going into every facet of Linux that I'm familiar with isn't worth anyone's time to read, but mentioning that I'm familiar with it as a whole is useful.
I'm down. React, python(flask, bottle, Django), ruby (rails, Sinatra), and Linux under my belt. When do we get started?
I just don't understand the context of why it's in these comments..
I don't understand
Our attorney general still believes Nixon-era marijuana propaganda.
wtf would you do if you bought this thing and there was a missile in it
Whoo! Schiit!
Right, this is vry srs
http://djbooth.net/news/entry/2016-05-02-drake-views-credits-all

http://www.premiumtimesng.com/entertainment/music/222457-wizkid-bags-u-s-award-writing-drakes-one-dance.html

After like a second of digging. AFAIK, he's never claimed to have written something that he didn't. I've only just started getting into hip hop though.
Except then, I don't get the joy of physically moving sliders :)

Happy cake day
Drake has given credit to a lot of writers, idk.
Votes are hidden for the first X hours/minutes so that people don't see the vote count and copy the masses. (eg: a post is at -3 so you downvote it too)
My friend just said that this exact same thing happened to him shortly before More Life dropped. Food for thought.
GOOGLE WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO ME. Giving me a heart attack.
I mean... She may have not done either of those things? These are still pictures, not videos..
Whole foods stock soars
It's a fun gamemode, and definitely more evolved than many others.
... ?
It was just interesting to hear about "teenage fantasy" from a female's perspective. I just wouldn't have expected to hear a woman say that about her early years. I'm flawed, I don't have very many female friends.
Okay this isn't pc at all please forgive me but this changes the story a lot for me, did you identify as a boy or girl at the time?
Same here man. I preached so hard about this that I feel like a total ass now.
It's a good jar
Oh, but I don't see it?
I don't know. But maybe it's just nail polish that changes color when it comes in contact with daterape drugs?
.. what?
Could you tell me about Dan?
There's a million reasons why someone's card could be getting declined​. Also, "poor" is a little bit of an offensive term..
>And now I actually rather toke up than drink.

Seems like a lot of my peers feel the same way about that (myself included). I think it's an interesting shift from the last generation.
I weirdly understand exactly what you're saying. [7]
Oh.
> One of the best nights of my life.

Why?
Was going to suggest the same thing.
:|
Bro, you do you. I would totally buy 1g samplers if I had the opportunity.
I got a gigabyte 1070 :) It's working great. Just about to start up a game and give it a run for its money!

Thank you for the advice!
A 1070 is almost $400, where a 1060 is $269

Is it really worth the extra ~$130? 

2gb more VRAM.... hm.
If I'm getting a new monitor too, it seems like going with amd and  Freesync is better? Given that this is just temporary, maybe the difference doesn't matter all that much?
How quick are we talking here? Like, minutes, hours?
Sheesh. So dumb that there's a card that I literally can't get. Thanks for the suggestion.
I'll wait a week or two for the RX 580 to pop up. Do you think that's a fair amount of time?


Hm. The primary reason I'd pull the trigger on a card right now is because of my timeline. The 1060 is available right now..
That's some really good info! Thank you :)

I can't seem to find an rx 580 for sale anywhere..

Also, I don't know anything about freesync, do you have any suggestions?
Hm, I see. Thanks for the reply.

Looking ath UserBenchmark here, it looks like the 1060 outperforms the 580 (if only slightly) in many categories.

http://gpu.userbenchmark.com/Compare/Nvidia-GTX-1060-6GB-vs-AMD-RX-580/3639vs3923

What do you think about that? If you factor in Freesync will it end up being better?
My thought is that Vega would lower the price of many other cards.

What's your thinking with the 580 + Freesync?
Good game physics are impressive and cool to look at. Bad dad reflexes are boring and just result in hurt children. You know what I mean? I only want to see good dad reflexes.
Who is that with you? She seems like she's having a good time.
I've only been to Chicago once, I've only had deep dish pizza once, and I can confirm that this is definitely Giordano's.
I know Drake lyrics too guys
I know when that hotline bling
I bet this is really annoying for the guy who asked the question, because he finally got an answer (and a link to the suggested product) only for it to be removed.
I'm famous
Sure is!
Yup :)
No, rothaga just rolls off the tongue better.
Yes, but that doesn't roll off the tongue nearly as well.
Who actually reads usernames?
he needs help
It was the other way around :)

https://www.theguardian.com/media/mind-your-language/2010/oct/04/new-york-street-signs-capitals

https://www.citylab.com/transportation/2016/01/official-united-states-highway-sign-font-clearview/427068/ (Pressed for time, wasn't able to actually read this one but it may provide some helpful info.)

I remember reading some city planner's full-on research into this. From what I can tell (and remember), it was the most extensive set of experiments and research into this topic that I've been able to find. Wish I could find that study...
Lmao yeah it was
what
The "before any YouTube video" idea is a good one. 10 seconds to get someone's attention and get them to click.

Sorry, it's just that you posted twice, I was afraid you'd create a feedback loop if someone didn't detect it and tell you to stop.
STOP
One consideration is the ease of learning the language.

For example, Nebraska has a lot of Vietnamese and middle-eastern immigrants, and one of the reasons they go there is because a Nebraskan accent is very mild compared many other regions.
I've worked for enough places that shrug off backups to understand the amount of people paying up to WannaCrypt.
Here's the only frame that anything around his face lights up.
https://i.imgur.com/52kmraW.png
That looks like the room from the beginning of The Princess Bride
????
Bro stop giving people money. Ignore it and if a REAL police officer shows up, you can worry about it.

Until then, don't even spend a single brain cycle on it.
Maaan, what the fuck?

You're saying that because you can't immediately and directly do anything to help, that it's not even worth seeing it?
You're missing a few letters there.
Oh fuck yeah. That's so goddamn attractive. Let me know if you find out anything more about that.
I thought the same thing
????? How have they not reported this yet?

/u/ostulus *please* report this creep before it turns into anything dangerous.
Robinhood was taking your # of shares of MSTX and multiplying it by the value of the new SVRA ticker. It was just a temporary bug while everything switched over.
Oh jesus christ..
"Tube buffer" is probably a better description of it, you're right.
Not the pool party episode.

This is to show that it's a memory *and* that it's in Mexico. 
Jesus, he was actively leaning forwards too, so his head couldn't freely move back as it was hit. So much stress probably just went on his spine in his neck.
Yeah, I also have like $40,000 in my robinhood now because it thinks that my MSTX exchanged 1:1 for SVRA (0.13 -> 8.XX), haha.

Looks like we'll be able to trade SVRA within the week.
that guy is an asshole
I'm 9000 shares down the hole and I won't stop buying. I sold my dog so I could buy more shares before the merger.

MSTX WILL MAKE US RICH
I don't play by the rules.

Seriously though, I play around with my setup a lot. I like to see what I can do to change the sound in different ways. This preamp thing is enjoyable for awhile, and maybe later I use it for something else. 
No way man. I currently have a tube preamp set up before my solid state amp. Really adds a little mood to the music. I actually have a pretty autistic bypass setup too, so if I prefer some songs through the solid state only, I can bypass the preamp.
Always so angry and full of rage towards "those goddamn audio elitists", even though he is himself an elitist at this point. Don't ever get him started on stock chinese tubes because he'll probably start breaking things.

Please Audiophile safely


See, I read the same thing. I read a quote which stated that SVRA will be trading on the NYSE on the 28th.

Here's another quote I found:
"Savara's common stock will commence trading on April 28th, 2017 on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol 'SVRA'"
Man I honestly don't know. I feel dumb for not having looked into this before the merger. Just getting started, heh.. 

I had a decent chunk of my portfolio in MSTX.
Turns out that if you traded on Robinhood, you're now boned because SVRA isn't public.
I graduated 4 years ago

[More context](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/67s5i0/what_historical_fact_blows_your_mind/dgtjque/)
Definitely not lying. I've been working on filling in the gaps.

I learned about the civil war, history of USA's involvement in southeast Asia, history of women's rights, history of african americans in the US, some presidential history, and lots of geography.

To be fair, we talked about Hiroshima and Nagasaki. The reasoning behind the bombs, and what the effect was, but nothing before that.

I legitimately think that someone forgot to put me in a class or something, because many of my peers seem to know a fair bit about WW2.

I liked history class, I was paying attention
I actually wasn't taught anything about WW2 in high school. Just the economic impacts of it, nothing about how it went down. I feel like my counselor forgot to put me in a class or something.

I feel like I was done a disservice..
Some people like it a little black
Hey you're only in high school cut that out
That must've been really scary! I can't even imagine.

I'm glad she's doing well now :)
Damn. Can I ask how that happened?
`wget` life 
What do you mean?
Dude I agreed with your original point about how it was extremely plausible, but you went off the fucking deep end here. Jesus, chill out.
Your content was agreeable but you took a hostile approach to it. Not sure why you're being downvoted so hard.
I dunno man.. I feel like maybe you're looking for narcissistic behavior, so you're finding it.

I don't know your relationship or your SO.

But.. It's just a phone call?
Okay you can be aware of that, but what you said up there
    
    Mint does screen scraping, NOT API integration. 

Doesn't really make a whole lot of sense. Mint isn't *just* a scraping service. There's still extensive backend and frontend work being done.

Maybe their backend is pretty established and they only have 1 maintainence engineer or something. Surely they still have scrapers on staff? If you can write a scraping script, you can pull data from an API. Relatively, it's not very complex.

This is of course all speculation, but all I'm saying is technically, an API integration with Robinhood shouldn't be out of their wheelhouse.
What would be a better way for her to phrase this? As a question? Does the phrasing bother you that much? She's just indicating that she wants to talk to you, but that she is trying not to interrupt whatever you're doing.

I mean, even with the heart you think this is disrespectful? If anything it seems more respectful than her just calling you up whenever she feels like it.
It's great for it's intended purpose! It was originally made as a simple hosting site for Reddit.
Can I enter too?
I've never been to that subreddit in my life, but I sort of thought the same thing for some reason?
Agreed. And they can probably even get some kind of compensation if they're evicted.
Shit... I thought it still leveled gems quicker?
Draw up a mock of what it would actually look like on the canvas. Dimensions, kerning, etc.
I said "d u m b". Get it together r/LSC
Lmao are you kidding me?
Idk I thought the commercial was just as dumb as any other.
Pretty sure it's when you plank over the toilet with your penis in the bowl, and you use 1 hand to hold yourself up
haha.. ha... :(
mulberry OG
Wait you're both watching this at work?
Okay but maybe they were just 10 blocks away where they didn't get gassed? I feel like this is pretty simple
Syria is a big place? They didn't gas a 30 square mile area or anything.
Shut up, nerd. Can we get this guy exiled?
The lady holding the camera was pretty cool.
PiHole :)
Not having a passenger in the passenger seat is an enormous inconvenience, especially if your vehicle is a family vehicle. It's absurd to me that you would suggest that it's a  "simple request". If a family of 4 go everywhere together and now all of a sudden only 3 of them can ride together? That's not simple.
why is nobody talking about the alarming catatonic state of this animal
Oh god this chain is hilarious with [Cloud to Butt](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/cloud-to-butt-plus/apmlngnhgbnjpajelfkmabhkfapgnoai?hl=en)
I'm giving it a couple of more days. I definitely shouldn't have asked for help when I didn't have any useful data!
That's for suspenseful gifs. This is justice. 
It worked out okay, and the wires aren't even that bad. Thank you :)
I would love a Schiit style EQ! It's really cool to be able to adjust the channels and play around with the music. I have everything set up now and I love it.

I appreciate how level headed you are about this. It ended up being a good choice, despite what many others said.

Also I couldn't even set up a software EQ because the modi's USB interface bypassed all software I used. I dunno.
Goddamn. That's sketchy.
That's neat
I mean, it wasn't even really that good
Idk man I vehemently avoid non-amazon sellers, and I know I'm not alone. I go to Amazon for quick and convenient, no-risk products, and individual retailers just can't guarantee that.

If I wanted handmade stuff or had risk tolerance, maybe something like eBay or Etsy would be more appropriate.
That's some good insight. This is a piece I'm fuzzy on, though.

Why did Pintel and Ragetti chase Elizabeth in the first place? They didn't know she had the medallion at this point, or that her last name was (supposedly) Turner. If the gold was calling to Pintel and Ragetti, why wasn't Barbosa there to handle the situation himself? Our one-eyed friend doesn't seem to be the "best man for the job" so to say.
I bet you it's not like they have GPS coordinates in their head. It's more of a "I feel like it's close by"

Unless the medallion can do that big sonar pulse thing as many times as it wants, then it would be pretty easy to find.
(D)o (y)ou (e)ven (l)ift bro
Jesus Christ.
And also when it's idle on the table.
also it's a meme
ok
Why a base?
literally hitler
There's also a much higher chance of it being permanently lost if it falls in the water. Falling into/being pushed by the tide into some impossible nook/cranny. Shark eating it up or something. 

None of that can happen while it's still on deck, and this is a very important piece of metal to them. It's literally the key to their mortality.
That's fair, but if you could avoid having to do that, wouldn't you?
There's no way it would fall straight down. They'd be on the bottom of that harbor for days trying to find it.
It doesn't amplify the signal or anything? I'm not risking breaking anything right?

Still learning about all of this! Thank you for the quick reply!
Nice! Thank you.

Can I just make a pull request to suggest a URL to whitelist?

http://api.ipify.org is being blocked by some list, but it's a very useful tool.
So if I were going to install *some* of the suspicious list, these are the ones I should add?
Thanks for those lists! I just applied all of the checked ones last night, up to 437k domains blocked!

I appreciate it
https://github.com/dodie/vim-disapprove-deep-indentation
https://github.com/dodie/vim-disapprove-deep-indentation
The 4-channel mixer is actually 4 outs and 1 in. 

I have a Little Dot MK II and a Magni 2 Uber. 

Is there any quality or volume loss from converting to 3.5 and passing it through those wires or anything? How about loss from splitting the signal?
Wouldn't want comments flooding this 18-count comment section
Hm, you should ask if you're close. It seems highly coincidental that the word "decode" would be erroneously extrapolated from this.
Can I get a 6.35 splitter (like this: https://www.amazon.com/Monoprice-6-35mm-Stereo-Splitter-Adaptor/dp/B0069M5U6C) so that me and my friend can listen to music from my amp at the same time?

I don't know how electricity works :(

I also have a 4-channel mixer (see: https://www.amazon.com/Behringer-MicroMIX-MX400-Low-Noise-4-channel/dp/B000KGYAYQ) could I use a 6.35 male-male cable to connect the amp's output to the mixer's input and then plug 2 headphones into the different outs on the mixer? Or does that amplify the signal too much?
It sitting like a gargoyle
Wait so you're saying that taking Vitamin D makes you pull more? So just don't take vitamin D?
I'm afraid I had just as much trouble reading through your post as I did through Github Pages' instructions the first time.

Let's pretend my github username is `rothaga`. I currently have a domain routed to `rothaga.github.io` and a completely separate domain routed to `rothaga.github.io/my_project`.

Does that help?
Better cameras!
https://www.reddit.com/r/PrequelMemes/comments/5uwqqf/another_happy_landing/ddxn8ns/

This guy just got gold and 1400 points for posting it there
Not on desktop. Must be the app you're using not recognizing links very well.
The names are replacements for letters. 

Take a look at the last line, the double Miranda gives it away. That'll be a repeated letter like oo, tt, ll ee. That's where you want to start.

A nine letter word with repeated characters on the 3rd and 4th slots. After you get that, then you can use the other letters in the word to get the top 2 lines

Edit1:

Words that the last line could be:

https://gist.github.com/brandonsturgeon/d2cf4cfa27c9cd17bcc158240234c29d

Edit2:

With the power of programming I have discovered that the first word could be 'decode', so I think it's safe to run with that.

That leaves this puzzle:
`['decode', 'o?', 'co??od???']`


Edit3:

And then finding any word that matches those letters in that order for the last one leaves:
`['decode', 'o?', ['commodity', 'commodore', 'corroding']]`

If my stuff was correct, then that leaves you with:

"decode o? commodity"

or

"decode o? commodore"

or

"decode o? corroding"


That middle word could be anything like "or", "on", "ol"(as in ol'). 


Here's the actual name/letter mappings

    "Brian": "d",
    "Dom": "e", 
    "Mason": "c", 
    "Leslie": "o",
    "Britney": "d",
    "Samantha": "e"


Hope this helps!


In the episode of Man vs Wild, Obama said something like "look, I'm pretty cut" with a sly grin on his face. 
Used to use exclusively Newegg. Was always very happy.
No chance
http://sleepyti.me is perfect for this!
http://sleepyti.me is a great esource
also ourselves
You're delusional.
Yes? It was unnecessarily hostile. Especially because your writing was at fault for the confusion, not his interpretation.
You're being weird.

You write in a weird way which makes it difficult to establish tone, but that doesn't mean that guy thinks any less of you or what you're writing. (However you do come off as a bit of an asshole)

Also what was with the jab at the ego of someone that just joined the conversation?
I've only been through 1 breakup and it nearly killed me, but I think I learned that the best way to get over someone is to completely remove them from your life. Remove reminders, etc. I had to travel across the country for a bit because everything I normally did reminded me of the heartbreak.

In your case, maybe you stop watching thick cocks railing a chick in the same manner as you and your ex.
this is no good. throw this post in the trash where it belongs.
ABSOLUTELY inSANE
If even 1 person is in a stall I just leave. I don't want to hear other people's assholes flapping about and I'd like to give them the same courtesy.
I think good AI would have helped a lot. Similar to counter strike or other valve games where there could be AI and real players in the game.
I mean, I can see that, but the grate isn't 1-way. If you shake it, surely just as much kief is going out of the kief chamber as there is going in?
Interesting. Just the added bangin' around in there will sort of act as a sifter?
Jesus Chris why do people pay so much attention to user names? I will never ever understand it.
That was a dumb meme.
They wanted to separate themselves completely so that they'd be entirely standalone.
Yes but they also have more polygons applied
No problem
Omaha zoo is voted best zoo in the world
That state of wonder we get seems to only come as children, too. Which makes video games less and less appealing as we grow, until brand new mind-blowing technologies come out.

I imagine this is probably what elderly people are feeling with VR right now. Surely we'll feel the same way about some radically new tech in our 40s and 50s.
I'm in my 20's and have renewed my learners permit 3-4 times now. I totally feel you. I don't have any advice, just want to give you some encouragement.
Don't stress it buddy. Your Github profile is what you make it, you don't need to live up to anyone's standards. Github is a tool and you can use it how you'd like. If you want it as a place to keep your code backed up, use it just like that and don't worry what anyone else has to say.
What do you mean?
Lighten the fuck up, lol
Also apparently Russia offered the Kuril Islands to Japan in recent negotiations..
Wouldn't want to go believing that this guy is dead without peer reviewed evidence.
I thought I read that gorillas muscles don't deteriorate like ours do (or something like that), so they're the biggest they can be all of the time.

No idea if that's true, though.
I opened a robinhood account and bought 700 shares of MSTX because of this meme.

Not even kidding, I made 40 dollars because of a meme, and it's still going up
You mean OG Marlboro straight from the brick weed farms in Columbia?
Serenity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CxK_nA2iVXw

You're too nice for Reddit :)
Effectively, it did. One (bear with me on that one, I know it's not just one) event caused the deaths of people almost halfway across the world.
I've been told that it's due to stress, diet, and toothpaste. I've changed all three of these up so many times, it's just not those things. I don't know what else I can do short of talking to an immunologist. 
oh shit
I like how it just says "No Touch"
Oh shut up. You're technically correct but you're not acknowledging the context. It is not out of the question for a reader to infer that the poster was saying a GLK is an expensive vehicle.
Okay well I tried my best and it just turned into me ulting every 7 seconds and pushing people away from fights, usually saving them.

Wizard Sniper:

3/10 would probably try again if I was already playing sniper and my team upset me
It was mostly a joke.
What's not a feature in cmd?
Ha ha that's great, seems like this happens a lot!
Legal marijuana attracts liberals.
So like 8 minutes? Haha. Thanks man, looking forward to trying Wizard Sniper 
Haha, I told him how to exit and he didn't seem to realize just how close he came to figuring it out by himself.
I didn't know where to put this. I saw some other funny pictures on the front page of r/linux and thought it would be okay.

If you look at r/linux right now, I feel like this is similar to some of the other 'funny' posts here.
Ubuntu running in a VM on a windows machine. It's actually my machine, but he played around with it for awhile. This was taken with Windows snipping tool, I believe.
I'd be interested in trying this!

What kind of item build should I be going to? Item priorities?

When do you start to fall off with this build?
That's hearing loss, not hearing damage.
wow so edgy
very thick

What should OP have done? What should he have said when they asked him to take a blood test?
I tried the Google music recognition thing, and it didn't seem to work. I just did it again and it worked :/

I may not have had a good sound setup
How you got the answer doesn't lessen the fact that you got the answer :)

I tried using a service like Shazam with no luck. 

Thanks for taking the time to figure this out for me!

Enjoy the /r/lounge !

Edit: I'm sure you're already aware, but [here's the gold information page](https://www.reddit.com/gold/about). They update it from time to time, so take a skim and maybe there's something new in there you didn't know about :)
There it is :)

Thank you!

Did you recognize the song, or did you use some service to find it?
Thanks dude.
Like people who get lost in the catacombs...
What are some non-stupid ports?
Hm, IP obfuscation looks promising. I need a url that is 6 characters. The only obfuscation I can find turns the ip into a long string of numbers. Are there different kinds?
I wish I owned a domain that short! 

Where can i learn about short payloads, eval, and location hashes? I'd like to understand better!
I haven't tried those html tricks. Surely there's some way to take advantage of this? If script could have a self closing tag, then it would work. Or if I could shave 3 characters off of my src url, it would work.

I'm so close, I want to solve this thing!
It's a server side truncation. The field is limited to 30 characters, but even if you tamper with the request, it still chops off anything over 30 when it gets to the server.
My thoughts exactly, haha,
alright lmao, thank you :)

I mean, now I want an SOS Age Roll.
Which means we'll be out of the valley sooner!
This isn't said enough, and I'm sure I'll catch some flak for this, but maybe you should consider also getting a mental checkup. Delusions and hallucinations can be some early warning signs of some very serious problems. 

I'm not trying to discount your experience, but I think firmly believing that this was real is dangerous.
It's almost like people can have differing opinions on things
Maybe the cup of water contained some medicine or something?
> "

You dropped that
That's a praying mantis
Does that actually happen?
Hilary Comcast Clinton Comcast is Comcast a Comcast corporate Comcast shill Comcast likely Comcast funded Comcast by Comcast Comcast Comcast
Slacking there. Show her some love.
/r/funeralclips
You think OP was looking for the word "pun"? I think you're being stupid for arguing this further.
I think I'd get more value out of a video, or at least some pictures.
I've set a suicide date. If Rick and Morty doesn't come out before then, it's lights out for this cronenberg.
How much do you think that all costs? I don't live in a legal state so I have no idea.
I'm even more retarded. I read your comment and came to the conclusion that Koi enthusiasts actually went out and bought bags of donuts to heat up and throw on their frozen pond.

f
CGI?
What app is that?
Okay but Chicago sucks
Ok
But why declare war on the poor?
I'm not a Dota expert, but it seems like this hero is made so that dying is almost encouraged. Making her harder to kill seems counter intuitive
I mean, maybe he just really likes working with Graphite?
I'm 99% sure you're a troll, but on the off chance that you're being serious (read: retarded), I'll listen to your case. What are some _major_ issues with this app that should be accomplished before working on small changes like this?
Excuse me? Are you saying there's anything more important than minor inconveniences?
Do you like generalizations?
Shit
Another equals sign also would have prevented this
Did it work?
China made that giant bus thing that goes over traffic. Could we just have a little pizza delivery RC car, and have it drive around traffic like in Toy Story?
You make a lot of dog metaphors.. 

Are you a dog? On the internet?
Does Walmart have a "Correct the Record" policy going on or something?

Walmart has the worst customer service out of any superstore in my area.
Wtf? Looks like scribbles. Surely this wasn't the intended end result?
Being forced to place a strategic vote is the worst. STV is definitely my preference as well.
I haven't and wouldn't rinse my chicken, I was just curious what the difference would be.
I haven't and wouldn't wash my chicken, I was just curious.
What if you have the water on very low?
For me I found refuge in Dota IMBA and other customs. They're just so fun, and I can finally relax and just enjoy the game and not worry about losing or doing poorly.
Verify the integrity of game cache if you're using Steam.
> So the OG Christians (followers of Jesus) way back when used to believe legit doctrine that Jesus delivered gifts to people by flying on a sled pulled by reindeer and climbing down chimneys. And lived in the North Pole and had elves I guess. But he only delivered gifts to those who truly believed.

I'm going to need some sources on that, because I don't think any of that is true
Right there with you
It's my dream to move to Washington. Such a beautiful, amazing place.
What? I can't see that at all
your mom is a greeble
Not being able to walk is a pretty big bummer.
Brazil is pretty shit at presenting itself internationally.
What if you flip it around
TL;DR : Everyone learned their lesson in West Africa 2 years ago. And also because Zika is particularly vulnerable to vaccine.
I lurk here a lot and this is one of the best colorizations I've seen.
Right because everything in Dota makes sense. 

Clarification isn't bad.
Okay.
A naturally occuring portal that just helps you down the hill. How convenient.

How about we stop talking about paranormal shit and suggest that OP take a checkup trip to the doctor (or maybe a neurologist). Memory lapses like that can be signs of all sorts of things. 

/u/royboyblue please get yourself checked out! 
More likely just a mistype.
DID SOMEONE SAY VOAT?
.
She was a bit of a stunner in her earlier years.
Is it the whole "Vaccinations give you autism" thing, and so you go home and act autistic in front of your mom after get a vaccination?
Week long, I heard.
I don't understand?
Still not understanding
TToC?
Rude.
Just like every other arcana? 

We all know it won't be anything crazy, and are still interested to see what they will come up with.
I don't like that it immediately downloads a pdf. Sketchy.
YOU ARE ON THE FASTEST ROUTE AND THE ROUTE IS CLEAR
Every single hobby has high-end things that to someone who isn't passionate about the hobby, seem unnecessary and overpriced.
I think so, but I can't really tell. I don't really want to look that hard, either.
The cameraman is walking down a street and there are numerous bodies strewn about. You can hear cries for help in French, and there are many people crying.

It's incredibly eerie, graphic, and terrifying.
Yes
ALL WANDS SHALL BREAK
I DIDN'T SIGN NO GENEVA CONVENTION
Why?

Thank you!
Can't watch. Which one wins?
You're kind of an asshole.

We're talking about the meaning of the sentence, not if "I'm" is a conjugation of "I am". Everyone knows this, so it doesn't even need to be discussed.
That isn't what's being argued
You ruined it for us!
There's actually music playing from VLC in the background, but I actually have all of the PoE sound files!
This isn't about making money, dude, this is about someone stealing his intellectual property and claiming it as their own. 
I get what you mean. Without context you're making a lot of sense, but with context it's more clear that it's intentionally leaving out the last word
Or the one where they team up to push a seal off of an iceberg with waves. It scares me how clever they are.
Curious, what about the interface don't you like? It's a simple list of friends and then you click on one and write a message. I use it a lot and don't think much about the interface. 

What are your thoughts?
People on reddit put waaay to much value into usernames. Sometimes there's a funny novelty account,,but other than no one cares about a username when they post.
Where are your sources?
Our metrics show that our customers want to spend more money!
We all know it was Charles Westmoreland!
Same!
Depends on the shipping method chosen, I imagine.
You're right, it was clarified in a comment.
Underlord when?
You can still die from unnatural causes
I picture you as a cantankerous old guy who complains about everything.
Lol, why did you post this comment?
Whenever I see /s it makes me not want to upvote
> tl;dr If you're young and this comic struck a chord with you, don't let it get to you. It's okay to like poetry or RPGs or even being perceived as "dull". It's okay to be yourself. There are plenty of people out there who share similar interests and views as you. If there's any take away from this, it's that maybe you should be more assertive in your love life and maybe you need to work on your appearance. But for the love of god don't pretend you're someone you're not just to become "alpha".

Thank you. I'm a gullible, impressionable young person, and reading things like this makes me sad because I'm a nerd who doesn't like to try new restaurants and sometimes I sound smart. I'm not an asshole or anything, I'm in a very great relationship right now. But still, when I read these things I feel ashamed that I wasted my younger years playing World of Warcraft, instead of making friends and developing my social skills.

Sorry, you don't need my life story. I'm just saying that it's nice to have a reminder that I'm how I am, and for the most part that's OK. Maybe I should work on being more spontaneous and open to change, but otherwise I should be happy with who I am.
Use the /camp command to retrieve it!
I'd always do really clever ones and no one would laugh at them :(
He's found his niche
I'm curious, why do you think that?
Don't be gross, Tammy.
/r/conspiracy is this way --->


<--- /r/trees is that way
Computer Programming
No, that's someone who studies electronic gypsies
Call a health inspector and put in an anonymous tip. If it's to the point where you're worried about the safety of the customers, it's just a matter of making sure people are safe.
I'll be holding my breath.
He succeeded in ruining his life for the next 18 years

More importantly, YOU decide how to play the game YOU spent money on. Who the fuck cares if someone uses MechJeb.
> My apologies Amanda. I'm pretty embarrassed to have spent this much time on this.

> [Here's what I'm talking about.](http://i.imgur.com/nTVG5PW.jpg)  I'm gonna delete this comment after you look.


Herniated discs are a bit serious, I really think you should call your doctor and ask what kinds of things you can do to make yourself more comfortable, stretches etc. Reddit's MD is sketchy at best.
Reaching over to your phone is a good stretch, and while it's in your hand you may as well call a doctor.
Perfect! Looks great!
You should edit your Spotify logo to have Saturn's belt across it
Are you any good at bird law?
I'll do some testing right now
> Enigma - Increases the pull strength of Blackhole, and adds Midnight Pulse damage to the Blackhole.

 I don't believe this is true, I remember hoping that it'd do this when I bought it but was disappointed. I can't remember what it actually does, though..
I've been searching for a long time to play imba with bots. Can you help me figure it out?
I need something more brutal. Something that will rip and tear but not kill right away.
Not as much as you would when the food is cooked directly on the baking sheet, though.
Really? What do you mean?
Same! I don't really like inbox on the PC. On mobile it's fantastic, though.
/r/ignorantimgur

I hate the imgur community so much.
9spooky11me
Right because pee is better than plain old water.
So it is! Hello Sync, goodbye Baconreader!
I really use reddit for comments, and having to hold for a split second on a comment to collapse it is a deal breaker for me. I feel like it should be reversed, tap a comment to collapse, hold to get options like upvote/downvote. Or maybe a swipe left for more options.
It seems clear to me. How can I help explain it better?
That will likely never happen :/ it will always be law that you need to be as awake and alert as you would in any other car.
What do you find different? 
And of course Vimium for Chrome.
But make it like 30 seconds long.
She made me cum in less than 4 inches
Pandas pandas pandas pandas I GOT BROADS IN ATLANTA
What?
This worked for a friend of mine
"Dire's top tower is being attacked"
Scooby snacks?
I can't take a full look at your code, but in your main loop display.flip() or display.update() should be pretty much the last thing.

Another thing that might be helpful, creating Font objects is costly. Try to only do it once.
Interesting. What OS are you on?
Well, if you set the fullscreen flag you shouldn't be able to drag the window. (Fullscreen will see your frames skyrocket, by the way.)

I know that I get some big FPS drops when I drag the window as well, but mine recovers. I'd suggest some googling.
Also be sure you're converting your surfaces

    Surface.convert()

Edit:

Another thing, set your display flags

        flags = pygame.DOUBLEBUF | pygame.FULLSCREEN | pygame.HWSURFACE
        self.game_window = pygame.display.set_mode((1000, 700), flags)

Setting flags and converting surfaces gave me the biggest performance gain
Yes!! Thank you **so** much!! I've been looking for almost 2 weeks now. 

That's so much for the reply. I'm afraid that's not the song I'm looking for though :(


I think he means the salt is bitter
My bad, I X-posted this from /r/tomt and forgot to edit the title :/
I guess I'm not surprised that Python takes care of all of this for me, and I don't need to worry.

I like your idea about the imports, though. I'm going to steal that.

Thanks!
I suppose that's true. Maybe I was stuck on the idea that it was just a way for them to let Kal Penn off the show and I didn't give it the proper thought it deserved.
Really? I feel like it was super sudden and clearly just a way to get him off the show. I think it definitely could have been done better.
You can load the ads asynchronously
FYI, Lua isn't all-caps
I don't think I understand. Can I get some explanation?
Ok
Thanks for such a detailed response. I really like CM but I've been playing her all wrong. I run to the safelane and try to zone enemies for my carry. I thought that if I got frostbite level 1, I could cast it a few times on the enemy while I get aura. As soon as I got aura I could cast frostbite on the enemy a lot and use up his regen and keep him zoned.

I don't use the jungle as much as I should on supports.

Thanks again
The people who go to my website don't know how to do something like _that_. It's _fiiiine_
If I recall correctly, it's because the TM causes crashes and stuff under certain conditions.
Dota2 Heroes as concrete mixers/pourers?
What's considered "low effort"?
How are you using Multis? I know of them but never really found a use for them. 

Why are they so integral for you? If I can make my Reddit experience better, I'm all ears!
Why does that sound funny?
Shout out to /u/necnill and /u/doswarrior the OGs of #teamgirthybuttsofcena
As the founder of Girth, I was happy to see you lead us to diplomacy. I lost the room.
Ah, my bad. thanks for clearing that up.

Interval makes it run ever X ms
I'm a windows guy. I always have been, it's what I've used my whole life.

When I got my first programming gig and they gave me a Macbook pro for development, I realized that I never wanted to program on anything else. Setting up Vagrant, docker, git, etc. All a breeze, *especially* compared to how much hair I had to pull out to get the same things set up on a Windows environment.
CAN'T WAKE UP
What about Taft? Or Roosevelt? Both of those were after Benjamin Harrison.
    alias vi='vim'
For thinking you could eat something healthy at IHOP? Sort of.
> So even if you go there with the good intentions of eating healthfully

You're already an idiot if you do that. No one goes to IHOP with the intention of eating healthy food. You go there to stuff your face with syrup soaked pancakes.
You have beautiful handwriting
In that order? In any order? What creep do I R? when aether lense? how gank? what lane?
> I just wanted to punch the little shit.

You absolutely should have
I've always liked lich but I want to learn how to play him. Where can I do some 6.86-specific reading on him?
Get that fixed ASAP as possible.
That's the one, thanks!
He just wants to be pure
That's a link to a clip from It's Always Sunny in Philidelphia.

Or did you want more context in the actual episode?
arteezy isn't relevant anymore
You're being very difficult here. The performance difference is less than negligible. Loading a color vs a decal is essentially nothing. And keep in mind all of the other settings _are_ the lowest, providing you the more performance you're longing for.
Bernie is visiting Lincoln NE tomorrow, and he's got a _ton_ of supporters it seems. I'm going to try to show up early to see him, but it's possible I won't even be able to get into the building.
[I just want to be pure](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSJSWy2o_1I)
Okay, again, this is just making it so that 1 model is loaded instead of another. There will be 0 performance difference here. Exact same amount of polygons.
You work with brownies all day so you can drink all night?

Sign me up
Nah, this would simply be rendering model B instead of model A
Do you think we'll even be able to see him? The entirety of UNL will be in attendance. I fear I won't be able to see him even if I can get to wherever he'll be.
What movie was that?
Is the avenger a good ship? Is it quick? Where can I get some good consolidated ship info?
Okay I feel like that's a joke to the famine. Is it because the rats would fuck up a bunch of potatoes if they were stored in the same place or something?
I'd really love some AI, too.
Surely when the game is developed it'll get more efficient and we'll get better frames without needing to do .cfgs
Aldi cashiers also do lots of other work when there's no one to check out
Maybe it's because I just got used to it, but I really did like GTA IV's driving more. When I saw the previews for GTA V, I was really worried it'd be more like Saint's Row's arcade-y driving. 

It's not so bad, but most cars have unrealistic speeds and handle far too well.
I wasn't saying "this isn't funny and you shouldn't laugh at it"

I was just annoyed with how often this happens, so I ranted a bit.. Sorry.
You should totally make it so that if the settings are below a certain threshold, you lay some potatoes by the side of road, or make decals on the trucks so it looks like they're delivering potatoes or something. That would be hilarious.
> e.g.: was my farming/teamfighting/map movement/UI mechanics good? In the long run we aim to even break this down to specific actions( e.g. missed lasthits, good/bad spell targets, ...), to give far more detailed information n how to improve.

As a programmer, I know that it's realy fun to think of awesome ideas like this. But I also know that it's easy to say "Well the site already _mostly_ works, and I'm kind of bored with it.."

This has some real potential to be awesome. Please don't fall into the typical non-profit developer trap. I'd love to see this become a thing.