Maybe it's not my first account and I got tired of using my old one...
It's how he plugs back into the Matrix.
I know it's not saying much with 3 games left, but if we throw the ball on 3rd and 1 one more time this year and don't make it, I won't watch another snap for the rest of the season. Also the Dorsett pick was just as bad as my knee jerk reaction on draft night indicated.
W E E P S

E

E

P

S
Any chance we can pick him up as head coach? There's no exposed ceiling fans around here and he'd be able to call a run on 4th and 1 I bet.
Removable battery and sd card slot.
If he hasn't complained about all the shit that's been said about him, I doubt hands will be the breaking point.
The difference is that Obama doesn't care.
Were only mad about the emails Hillary lost, not the 2 million that Bush lost.
Right? Someone submits an HDR forest shot from above to r/EarthPorn and I have to find new eyeballs. Especially the fall color ones.
Really? It amplified the taste of my beef jerky. However, I probably would have puked actually driving in May's car with the shit smell.
Power-ranks the top 12 and only writes about 2?
>Indians lead 3-1
Well I was going to link the new Ford GT, but probably not worth it if you think the GTR sounds like shit.

Also the Jag F-Type V6
You're now my favorite UK fan on here.
Hey dipshit, you're not doing your job. I still dislike Trump and haven't gotten a check in the mail in the last few weeks.
This sounds just as conceited as UK fans that don't want to play IU because "it's not worth it." Chalk me up on your scoreboard as mentioning that I think the Crossroads Classic is awesome.
Damn, I almost got an r/The_Donald bingo... Any chance you can edit libtard, cuck, or SJW into your comment?
Infinity is the vegan gallowboob, just peep their post history.
I'm impressed that you've managed to trash both OP and OP's dissenters in the same comment. Unless the first part wasn't a burn for karmawhoring.
I'd imagine there's more people in the latter group than the former. I don't have the answer for how to reach out to them, but I know that the answer isn't negativity. Of course, I'm not your mom so do whatever you feel is right.
Let's say they do. How would you convince me to become a vegan? Let's say they don't. How would you convince me knowing that?
Cheap and ubiquitous replacements for the animal products I still use. And I will definitely go back to eating meat when it's able to be sustainably grown in a lab.
Well it's clear to see discussion has ended after whatever your comments have devolved into. Go outside after your next operation and pet some animals my friend.
No, but I have been a vegetarian since the beginning of this year.
No the great thing about the internet is I don't have to care if you believe me because I will never see you.
Environmental impact. But since we know a lot of people don't care about that because they won't directly deal with the ramifications of climate change, it would be when lab grown meat is able to replace farmed meat in taste and texture, if you consider lab meat to be vegan. Until then, it's like convincing the Catholic church to hold gay marriage ceremonies.
I'm vegetarian. Are you almost done with your angry word vomit?
Why do you assume I'm not? Because I disagree with how you're going about commenting in this thread?
Damn, how did you figure me out so well? I'm honestly so impressed I'd like you to have this picture of me. http://imgur.com/nNYF9km
Downvotes are feedback as well. That way there's not twice as many comments with you just saying 'no' or 'shut up.' Also as evidenced by the rise and 'empowerment' of r/The_Donald, trying to stop people's behaviors you deem negative with equal negativity usually just makes them close up to outside opinions and strengthens what they believe to be true.
There's also a huge difference in sentencing for the variations in motivations.
Winning the hearts and minds of carnivores!

https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/5h6rmm/cows_will_be_your_friend_if_you_treat_them_nicely/day39c3/
> There motivations were different but our crimes the same

Except crimes can vary even for killing a person depending on your motivations.
I'm sold!
Yeah it's weird, I climbed to the top of Half Dome in Yosemite National Park, but I don't remember ordering a pizza at the top...
To expand, you realize what you were angry about was extremely trivial in the grand scheme of things.
Same, I guess that means we're not addicted then.
YUUUGE strawman. No one wants alcohol banned, just for people to acknowledge that marijuana is no more dangerous than currently legal substances.
I don't think it's that they truly want to demonize alcohol, just that they want people to acknowledge that weed is no more dangerous that already legal substances.
I bet they wouldn't have shot her at a legal dispensary. It's not all happy highs and food because of prohibition.
I see so many more comments on reddit saying everyone pretends there are no consequences than actual comments saying there are no negative effects. It seems like a giant strawman has been created.
Also the same logic I use to call all white males terrorists.
Also when they are #1.

Just kidding I still know quite a few cool ones, some on here too.
Also ROW in the context of this app seemed like a jab at the US to me, as in "get with the rest of the world."
Oh shit you're right, good thing my pitchfork is still right next to me!
Meh, 1 year gap and only 4 total submissions? I'll allow it.
I deleted my comment because it was too reactionary anyways, but I don't see how a German app designer putting those options on a weather app would necessitate telling the US they are not the center of the world or universe. Also there may be a language barrier because "rest" means "the remaining part of something." The remaining part of the world that is not the United States is literally the rest of the world.
Relevant username haha
Of course you do, your team is already in the MLS.
The timeline where this is a satire sub and the entire last sentence is false.
*Picks up mic and stores it properly, fucking kids playing rough with mics...*
Yeah [this](http://i.imgur.com/2WY8UES.png) is basically how I feel every time anything like measurements are brought up.
I wish the DEA would step on Lego. The war on drugs costs taxpayers way too much!
Mention from self-loathing Americans about how measurements somehow make the US inferior - one shot

Mention of the other countries that don't use metric to disparage the US - one shot

Statement that metric is more "civilised"/"catch up with the rest of the world already" - one shot
Where they at? Show me "so many" haha.
Damn, I was kinda hoping they would inflate the crap out of it to cheapen the karma of the career reddit posters that sell their accounts for karma.
I use the Comply Isolation tips for mine and you'll want the 200 model to fit the MA750s. I personally use the Large size because I've always had issues with rubber tips falling out of my oddly shaped ears. The isolation tips will improve the bass significantly because they can create a much better seal. I also have a Fiio E17 to amp mine, but that's not necessarily required.
Not to mention the fake pops they add in (with pretty unrealistic looking flames) are so loud they mask the actual crackling of the exhaust for the cars that have it.
I felt the same way until the 675LT came out. I was never a fan of the 650S but they made a lot of visual improvements for the 675.
The real MVP right here.
All the samshills that laughed at crapple's courage are eating some major karmic crow and I'm just here with my Nexus laughing. Fuck I'm old, but at least I have a god damn headphone jack. Plus with Google's track record of not making arbitrary decisions to drop/add things and their commitment to Nexus phones, I should be good way into the future.
How can it not be a great return when Trump is great at business? You sound like a mainstream media shill! /s
Traffic flows faster in the passing lane though. That's how passing happens. If everyone in every lane went 5 over, it wouldn't be a passing lane anymore. People aren't regularly going just 5 over in the passing lane with no congestion.
Read the username. And then shake your head that they bothered to make the account.
Only your level of speeding is acceptable?
I wish, just people that think they are.
It's beautiful but also scary because of the sheer amount of people that have never driven in snow before. 
That's like saying a woodworker has an odd hobby.
I know. You just said that.
Also who could forget the timeless "U PC BRO?" comments.
Not just that, if you're in the left lane, be actively passing and not holding up cars behind you

>It's annoying af frankly.

And so is this smug counter-comment that always pops up. People use what everyone around them uses, you said it yourself. Get all my contacts to change yourself and I'll stop talking about it.
I'm grabbing some popcorn for the Passing-Lane Police's arrival.
I appreciated classical more than I did before, but I listened to almost everything even before I had decent headphones.
I've read enough corporate euphemisms to know that Service Desk Analyst is just an IT guy that does all the bitch work like fix paper jams in printers and remove viruses that idiots downloaded on their computer.
You sound fun, I'm coming over.
"I'll take Phrases Heard in Indiana Daily for 500, Alex."
McAfee has been for years my friend.
As an IU fan, I'm just happy to be in the bowl game!
I will be there yelling my ass off.
Well he didn't try to stop her from killing humans either, so I think it was more of the good samaritan reflex being disabled than Ford being a host. Although it's still possible, I just don't think this points to that.
With the welcome:amiibo update you can also fill that 10th spot by scanning an amiibo villager card if you're willing to buy a pack of cards.
The 'you're not allowed to make sense' comments add less than nothing to Reddit.
Necrophilia isn't worse?
Either that or he dies of dehydration out there.
Not sure if rhetorical or not, but we see all the samurai armor and part of the escape scene goes by doors with an 'SW' logo, presumably Samurai World or Shogun World.
Better than violent delights leading to sexy ends...
See: Member Berries, South Park.
Small government!*

*Unless we're telling gays and pregnant women how to live using the bible as justification
Yeah I'd give it up with this guy, they seem pretty upset about a near-arbitrary number at this point.
Works for me!
It's almost a paradox or existential crisis. We are good enough that we count for a better quality loss for them than we have against Fort Wayne. But if we're ranked lower than those teams we beat head-to-head, how are we that quality of a loss to be able to put them in front of us?
Hmm, well you got me curious and it's actually only about $25 USD shipped now. But just a week or so ago, they only had 3rd party sellers selling them on Amazon and none were under $30. They must have made more of them.

An example of what I was talking about is here: https://www.walmart.com/ip/Sheik-Amiibo-Wii-U/41488608
Please see this helpful diagram: https://i.imgur.com/XHDlvDR.jpg
Either a programmer, working at a startup, or both.
Only in Texas would they try and ruin something that amazing.
Plus you don't even have a Fort Wayne loss to confuse people like us.
Well they were referring to every single punter with a personality, so both of them were probably in that criteria. The guy hates everything Colts on an unhealthy level so I'm 99.9% sure they were specifically talking about Pat.
Aww, what did Pat do to hurt you bud?
This post is relevant to my interests.
Thanks, I'm glad you're not violently angry at me. 
They boned me with QC issues in the last X00 drop so I moved on up to the E-MU Teaks.
Cut out as in stop or cut out as in remove from the code? Because that phrase comes standard from Karmadecay if you didn't know.
The last time I was at the 96th Street Parti Pak, there were no prices for 6 packs displayed anywhere, let alone individual bottle prices for mixing and matching. Has that changed at all?
Because you're basing everything on your personal anecdotes. Everyone's courses they play are different. My local course has a cross country course sharing the exact same grounds. The coast may be clear when you release a disc, but not always when it gets to a path.
Dude we don't need to know how you're going to celebrate at your house.
Thanks for the explanation from an insider!
I'll swallow some gems and produce a better bejeweled stool than that.
There's actually a pretty good, albeit in-depth, read on the origins of Christmas here: http://www.historytoday.com/alexander-murray/medieval-christmas


Yeah u triggered bro.
Doesn't sound like anyone will get upset about you being polite haha.
Same for Happy Holidays.
The only good morning is a dead morning!
You sound triggered.
I was mocking a butthurt conservative so I'm glad you picked up on the fact that it sounded upset, the satire worked. And I guess the truth made you kinda upset when you found out it was a joke and they didn't actually want to assault someone.
It was a joke you triggered cuck. 
A lot of conservatives getting their fee fees hurt in this thread when they have historically made fun of liberals for the same thing.
Sounds like a good learning experience! It's best not to just assume someone is being called a bigot because a Democrat can't handle a Trump sign. Likewise, it's not good to assume someone is a bigot just because they have a Trump sign.
It was actually adapted from pagan holidays. 
That's a definite no. And since people hate the word "privilege" let's just say they've probably never needed a pride parade for their beliefs because they have been in the majority with those beliefs.
> genious


It works for Trump when he claims sarcasm.
The line about assault was a joke. Did it hurt your fee fees?
Or she was making a joke.
He changed the bill because of lost business and threats of more companies to move out, not because he had some kind of moral epiphany.
> To say that only republicans are intolerant is 100% false.

That is correct. Also, no one has said that but you.
The Human Rights Campaign is for civil rights, not politics. Your comment teaches me all I need to know about you.
Probably because they didn't read about Mike Pence before voting.
Yep, but I think it's a GT race so no prototypes.

Edit: actually it does say Ligier LMP3 too

http://www.gulf12hours.com/
That would be awesome! I haven't visited another town yet so you'll have to bear with me. My friend code is in my flair if you need it.
This is my first December playing AC so I'm just happy over here with my Jingle Dresser, my first and only Christmas item so far. I have a cypress plant for my tree haha.
The technical term for it is "lol i dunno."
It's a 21:9 TV.
No, not Yas Marina. Daytona! /s
Except almost every single comment I've read has said to buff other ships instead...
That is an accurate depiction of Southwest seats though.
I feel like IU losing to Fort Wayne is the happiest Purdue fans will be all season.
Do you want ants? Because that's how you get ants.
Had impure thoughts about Ciara before marriage.
I'd recommend it. Even if the color/contrast stuff is placebo, the mood lighting is still aesthetically appealing and it was relatively cheap.
Not OP, but I set mine to a 6500K color temp that's close to the temperature of my TV, which is said to enhance colors and contrast and reduce eye strain of flashes at night. I just got a $12 strip from Amazon, so it doesn't connect to my content.
Just study up on the strawman bud and try not to use it so much in the future. I notice you did it with someone else in this thread as well. It's helpful if you want people to see your side of the argument without being distracted by a fallacy.
Just a helpful tip, don't point out to this guy they are using a strawman, they don't know what that means. I tried saying the exact same thing and was met with the same shitty attitude and deflection.
Probably deleted/removed for calling them a 'scared bitch'. 

>They absolutely meant

Again, you don't seem to be grasping the concept of a strawman so I'll just leave you be. And don't worry, your argument isn't invalidated by your Duke flair, only by your complete lack of understanding of the strawman fallacy.
I sincerely hope that someone with fee fees in their vocabulary is not old enough to vote.
Judging by your comment, you don't know what a strawman is. Sorry, I should have explained instead of just assuming. That must be what's preventing you from understanding why you were wrong. A strawman is when you create a fake argument for someone (that they didn't make) so you can easily defeat it. You put a lot of words into the person's mouth you replied to about how people only request flairs so they can downvote flairs they don't like. Flair is actually useful for identifying bias in comments, not for invalidating them, just for giving you the whole picture. So your strawman was that they were only asking for a flair so they could downvote. Next, on to your use of strawman. Saying "Grayson Allen flops" is not a strawman, it's a fact. A strawman is saying "Grayson Allen flops because he thought Hitler was a good guy." Because he never said that, but it's easy to reply back that he is wrong because Hitler sucked. Again, sorry for the confusion about the definition of strawman. As for your last piece of wisdom, I'd ask that of you instead. You made an uninformed comment to someone, I corrected you on it, and you don't seem to be taking it very well.
No one is saying that, so your comments seem unnecessary. You keep sticking to this strawman that people are only waiting for a flair so they can downvote. You don't need to do any more pointing out, you're not some genius trying to help people see the light about flairs.
Intelligence vs common sense, usually it's one or the other with most people. Unfortunately some have neither. 
Looking forward to the Coke Lot interpretations.
You're just stuffing that strawman with more straw my friend. Fuck off with your condescension.
Lol, you think a Duke fan actually went to Duke?

*Hides in glass house*
When did u/pasimp44 say their point was invalid because of no flair? Nice strawman there. I agree with you that some people on this sub are dumb, but we probably won't agree on who those people are.
Any comments on how they sound per sidebar rule 9?
If you go to a college with a lot of international students, it is. But theirs aren't as nice as this one haha.
Years down the road when Trump fucks up, their response will still be "Yeah but Hillary lost emails!"
Dude she can't read what you're saying, so she's not going to change her lifestyle because of your comment. No one is encouraging her to be fat. Sounds like you're just a bitter smoker with an axe to grind.
I put all the ones I don't want in a sort of 'wild' area at the top corner of my town. Then at random I'll sprint through them all, getting rid of some.
Keep fighting the good fight! Definitely a productive use of your time and a positive contribution to society.
Is there a particular reason you've spent so much time in this thread trying to convince people of that?
He wants to keep his karma from his main account intact from all those spicy r/The_Donald memes.
The silver lining in the loss is that we lost to a non-Purdue Indiana team. I'm happy for all of the fans that were there in their IPFW gear when most people showed up in IU gear. The underdog story has always been part of basketball in Indiana. They have a rallying point for the season now so I'm glad we could at least provide that. Just hoping all the Purdue fans that gloated afterwards get their just desserts this season. Maybe things will get a Little Rocky for them come tournament time...
Don't worry, we still plan on making that a Quality Loss for you guys. ;)
Honestly don't care that we got bumped all the way out of the Top 10. I'd rather play with a smaller target on our backs and prove we're top 10 from more than just a win against Kansas and some cupcakes.
The hardest I've laughed at the show so far was when he said the M2 couldn't pull a greasy string out of a dog's ass. 
The KKK is actually pretty thrilled about their representation in our government now. http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/305912-kkk-american-nazi-party-praise-trumps-hiring-of-bannon
CTR IS BEHIND THIS RIGHT?!? Get a fucking life. All of your posts are only complaining about liberals. Do something healthy. 
If Washburn is going to win their mid-major conference, then yes.
Yeah after gear and clubs, that would probably be the first kind of sponsorship I'd seek out if I were a pro.
Yep and then you get called an entitled asshole on reddit for not allowing them their god-given right to recline.
With slightly less meth and handies.
Which way to the silver linings thread? We at least lost to a non-Purdue team from the state of Indiana.
Hillary is leading the popular vote by over 1 million votes. Trump got the electoral vote, not the popular or majority vote.
I lost my first putter I ever got, an Innova Birdie, in a 50 foot impossibly thick pine tree. Couldn't find it to knock down and I went back after some storms but still never saw it. More sentimental value than anything else, although I was also used to its weight and flight. I'd had that putter for probably 16 years and somehow never lost it.
[I GOT YOU FAM.](http://i.imgur.com/Aud57ZC.jpg)
It was one of those tired 'did you assume my gender' lines.
It sure was last night.
I took a picture from the presentation after they asked the Mexican fans to assist.

http://i.imgur.com/oG2HGfZ.jpg
Everyone ITT is mad about where their team is ranked and I'm just happy to be back in the top 20.  ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
I can't go back to a smaller phone now, especially not one that is smaller than 5 inches.
That's cool but Kirkland has a cheaper version and you can buy them in bulk.
Gotta translate for the Brits, it's Bruce Arener.
I'm surprised that as a Pats fan that you're not looking forward to the Scott Tolzien led Colts getting blown out in prime-time.
Only to be re-concussed after taking his 8th sack of the game.
It's basically all I have to complain about haha. I didn't expect a win at all.
We didn't beat Kansas convincingly enough for a lot of people.
This comment doesn't look like anything to me.
Those have been and always will be my favorite BMW wheels.
No but I use the digital download code that comes with my physical Blu-Rays to redeem them on Google Play so I can watch them on Youtube anytime I'm on the go.
Don't point out mean facts to them, it will make them re-elect Trump they said!

Damn it's too bad the guy that replied to me deleted [this comment.](http://i.imgur.com/BcCldSr.png) I would have also accepted being called a CTR shill, cuck, or libtard.
Clarkson is more American but will never admit it.
The math checked out for once!
How are you so down on an Indiana team that beat your new #2?
They're doing the UK blue/white squad thing this year.
Especially since in my experience, those trains never go anywhere important.
Alabama has to play in the SEC for their conference schedule. UK gets to play in the SEC for their conference schedule.
Be patient, it's barely been out! /s
iPhone 7: I like the dangle of your dongle ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Yeah you have to watch it, Kristine Leahy is smoking hot!
So autism then?
That looks like a pretty familiar non-con, breh.
Gotta save room on that schedule for real advantages like playing Cleveland State and UT Martin, I understand.
I just watched months of Hillary vs Trump, I don't need the CBB equivalent.
Damn, as a scientific literate, I would have thought you would be interested in explaining the process to me. I guess not! So indulge my tiny little brain with this question: how do we stop introducing more CO2 into the environment?
Do [these](http://i.imgur.com/GfVAQCe.jpg) count? I'm getting a pair from Massdrop for Christmas and can't wait!
As a scientific literate, can you tell me what happened to Venus to turn into the state it's in today?
First, it was a joke. I don't expect either candidate to "solve" global warming, and certainly not a therapist. Second, that's quite the strawman you've created there for people trying to reduce our impact on the environment. I've not heard this doomsday talk from anyone, at least not a doomsday in our lifetime. Science isn't partisan. 
It was you that made that post! I thought of it immediately when reading this post haha. I'll see you in the "it's not perfect but I like" it post tomorrow!
Just like any other meme it won't happen, so start making peace with it.
Molly!
This is usually the top comment every time this is posted.
BACK-TO-BACK BYE WEEKS, I'LL TAKE IT!
Trying to stop a kid from hearing swear words is like trying to dam a river with toothpicks. I wasn't allowed to listen to any music with a parental advisory label on it growing up and guess who still got sent to the principal multiple times in elementary school for language? Being restricted from something just made it that much cooler.
I got a Full XL bed because of this, it's the same length as a queen but the same width as a full. I just get my sheets from Amazon and can still use a queen comforter.
If you dance by the fire while he is playing his maracas, he will stop his rhythm and shake them like crazy.
It's something they can't understand so they fear it. Humans had the same issue a long time ago. Thunder and lightning led to the creation of gods before people understood what they were.
This probably won't mean much, but I'm sorry you're not enjoying Indianapolis. I understand some people like larger cities naturally, but it's the perfect size for me.
Anything with tracks becomes awesome.
Yes, the last line! Your cliches feed me! Call me a cuck now! Say something about my mom's basement! I live for this shit.
Treating the left-leaning side of any political discussion as being a meme, SJW, or some other form of SJW is doing a lot of damage to political discourse.


Actually yes, your smug deflection as an admission of defeat for calling liberals whiny 2nd graders is exactly what I wanted to hear. Thanks!
We need to have Fox as a villager!
My point is [even the best of us](http://i.imgur.com/Lt6S8sm.jpg) want to protest after not getting their way. Those are Trump's tweets after Obama defeated Romney.
Lmao your response was a perfect segue into Trump's tweets after Obama beat Romney. http://imgur.com/Lt6S8sm.jpg I guess you just elected a whiny child from 2nd grade.
http://i.imgur.com/Fyu81pH.png
Can that therapist solve global warming?
Not to mention the whole fucking premise of r/The_Donald is a meme machine.
Ah well when you put it that way, it makes complete sense.
Still a blessing.
Rationalcomment (ironic username, right?) has been the king of that recently. 
What if the person in that ambulance was a CTR shill?
[The tolerant right.](http://i.imgur.com/Fyu81pH.png)
They were almost technically correct though. AFC South is just as bad (or as good) as the NFC South.
When you nut but she still suckin'
I'm trying to think how they can innovate stickers more for the next update. Neural network created stickers?
Totally sarcasm!
Beating Kansas for sure. I expected them to be a 'quality loss' for our March resume, especially with how poorly we play at neutral sites.
And u/warlockx77 was making the 'what door' joke. :)
Speaking of the kind you can't reason with... https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/5d4uwt/my_parents_very_protrump_and_i_are_going_to/da29kw1/
Are you sure? I thought he was the guy who invented the airplane.
America just decided that's (allegedly) fine.
On fire Indiana is going to be redundant this whole season!
Well I'm glad to see you admit you were triggered. I'm sorry for hurting your feelings.
r/Jeep 
No, were you triggered by being called an ass clown?
Brought to you by the previous generation that raised them that way.
Automation can lead to guaranteed income, then everyone wins.
Also to kill dolphins and whales.
It's why I'm not allowed near my local church's nativity scene anymore.
And Star Citizen will still be in Beta.
Is this the cord you need to connect your new iPhone to your new MacBook Pro?
Still might land on some massive shit stains walking outside so you're still doing a good thing.
Shh, just say St. Thomas!
Take a drink for every rape walker or PC Principal reference in this thread and report back to me, GO!
My school had a school-sponsored version of this back in the late 2000's. So you're saying back then it was for the butthurt pussies that couldn't stand a black man being president?
Then you've probably also seen this: https://i.imgur.com/utzTCyo.png
Seriously, u/JoeyBulgaria is explaining their points as calmly and rationally as possible, being the literal opposite of the SJW-strawman everyone on Reddit hates, and is still being condescended every step of the way by that ass clown.
If they are still the same as my 2010, my guess is they didn't have the little one in stock. They use one large one and a tiny one on the passenger side. Still, you can find them at any store and install them yourself and not have to pay the labor costs.
Where do you get those headphones? They look awesome. 
Coaches!
No first place vote in this one? BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
When I go to that link in mobile, it just redirects to her instagram page.
Just a heads up, it's $160 from Massdrop right now. Still not $100, but closer than the MSRP.
Yeah this wouldn't work with a Lab.
Any hi-res, less compressed versions available?
Don't forget sharks! I take the rod with me too in case I see that fin while running round.
Lol at all the salty twitter replies. And OF COURSE there's at least one from a UK fan. 
From the genius who brought you this comment:

https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/5cfk86/cowboys_de_randy_gregory_has_failed_another_drug/d9w2mng/

I understand everyone can have an opinion and post whatever they want on reddit, but I sure wish they wouldn't.
I am 110% bipolar after reading those symptoms.
I'm not talking about r/politics, I've never been in there. I'm talking about default subs like pics and gifs. Anything pro-Hillary or anti-Trump was dismissed by Trump supporters as shilling for CTR. If I actually got paid for every time I was accused of being paid, I'd be living pretty comfortably.
But the Republicans have taught me everyone who disagrees with me is a paid shill.
But then come back for the next season because Evans is gone and Harris, Reid, and LeBlanc are fun.
I went from a 2012 MBP to the 9350, so a bit different, but haven't had any of the issues you're describing. In fact I like how close the key travel is to my old MBP.
Must have a very creamy mouthfeel and a thick head.
No Taylor Swift, obviously.
We tried to in 2011, but the Titans and Texans weren't having it!
What if they wrote out 20 of them sober to use when hungover?
I've known about ATM machine, but today is the first time I've thought about PIN Number, my mind is slightly blown. 
Just my opinion, but I much prefer the hamburger menu and swipe from the side for options. It leaves more real estate for the actual contents of the app.
Yeah it really just depends on where you live. I'd imagine the more rural parts of the US don't see many of these in their lifetime.
What the fuck are you talking about? He's a Golden State Warriors fan and they blew a 3-1 lead.
Not for me, we have our Cars and Coffee at a Lotus authorized dealership.
2 edits yelling at strawmen and no one has even replied to you. You should take a break for a bit.
Ah, thanks for the tip!
I summoned Lottie via card, thinking it would be the same as the figure, but she didn't give me her picture, just a random item. :/
I heard the Red Bull store doesn't even have them ready to sell and are rushing to bring them out.
Just make sure you do it before you wreck yourself. Sorry.
This isn't like gender, there is only 1 true search engine.
I'll trade my holographic Honduran for your 1st Edition Rapist Mexican!
Out of my 800+ friends, I saw 3 of those statuses yesterday. What I saw a lot of were my lgbt/minority/female friends that were worried about what might happen in the future.
I mean if you were afraid of black people, your opinion might change, but [these people seem fine with it.](http://i.imgur.com/bxs9tez.jpg)
Venus became the way it is because of runaway greenhouse gases and that wasn't even because of humans fucking up.
Have you tried taking beetles to a store and selling them?
Every time I think I've read your dumbest comment ever, you continue to surprise!
WE WERE ABOUT THE MOST GODDAMN CRIMSON STATE IN THE UNION.
YOU'RE KILLING IT IN THIS THREAD WHICH IS MORE THAN CAN BE SAID ABOUT YOUR TEAM.
*instict
I would have voted for any candidate with this as their platform.
Okay, now I'm jacked in both arms and can barely move them, what now?
If they are mostly dead by now, surely, it wouldn't be losing that many votes and would help assuage people's fears that he had some racists thoughts or potential policies. I'd love to be proven wrong, but I never saw him distance himself from that support.
For thinking the KKK are bastards, he sure accepted their support without issue.
That's great and all that you didn't do that, but quite a few Republicans have done their best to obstruct and divide for all of the last 8 years. I also wanted them to grow the fuck up and act like an adult, but that didn't happen.
Damn I almost got a full Alt-Right Buzzword Bingo from just this comment!
Or Facebook?
That's what *some Clinton supporters believe. Otherwise, you'd be as guilty as them for generalizing a voter base.
Ironic since his flowers get destroyed in the movie haha. 
Donnie, you're out of your element!
I'd never do something like this, but it also irks me to no end when the waiter/waitress doesn't write anything down and either A. has to come back to ask again what you ordered or B. the order comes out wrong.
GS adopted GT4 regulations right? If so, I share your optimism.
Maybe our slogan can be "Make America Great Again" where we actually mean it after 4 years of Trump.
Yeah I doubt they were actually prepared for that so tonight will be interesting.
I mean enjoy your masturbating, but there's no salt in this thread for the Blackhawks. Only people ripping the article.
Well that night was the first time I'd used iTunes in a long time, so it was the first time I'd noticed it.
We will be the 50th state to pass that. And if it's made legal at a federal level before we do, you only have to look at the fight against marriage equality to know how much the state govt will drag their feet on it.
I'm from Indiana and I accept that bet.
You can ignore them with Reddit Enhancement Suite if you hover over their username.
As of right now on Google, she is ahead by 145,892 votes.
Lol, this is the equivalent of asking a torrent seeder if it's okay to share the songs with your friend. 
Don't forget always stereotyping American fans.
This is the **UN**popular opinion thread.
You are correct, TIL that trolley cars are only powered by overhead electricity.
Did you play the older game and collect rewards regularly? If not, maybe it's trying to catch you up.
Would it still pick up C O N S T I T U T I O N?
I had made an orchard next to my house, which is pretty close to a cliff, with all the fruits in the game so I could easily grab one if needed. Well Pecan is set to move in, and guess where she barely found enough room to build... The ironic part is that the game probably wouldn't have let me put a PWP there but somehow it's big enough for a house.
I actually noticed that last night. I usually play music through foobar2000, but was using iTunes for a playlist I had in there and not in foobar. It only skipped/stuttered when listening to iTunes though, not foobar.
I knew a lot of people were going to get them at that price, but not that it was going to turn into a Black Friday scenario. I'm glad there wasn't that hype for the E-MU Teaks!
I rode a [trolley](http://i.imgur.com/v2RDDn7.jpg) in San Francisco, but no way could you push that around a grocery store.
I'm talking about all of your ad hominem attacks, those are petty.
Yeah it's actually called the Mustang vs Cayman GT4 challenge since those are the only cars in that class anymore.
No, it's petty. That's like a toddler yelling 'he started it!'
You type all this petty bullshit and then ask if the *other* person is in high school? Your fandom is clouding your judgement.
And then there's this haha

https://www.reddit.com/r/forza/comments/5brzzj/a_nice_warm_welcome_the_first_time_playing/
None of this matters because we hung an AFC Finalist banner.
Eat a dick OP, you posted this same thing in this same sub 3 months ago. Just whoring for karma.
While r/The_Donald isn't run by a SuperPAC, it does have support from Non-Profits.

http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2016/09/how-your-oculus-rift-is-secretly-funding-donald-trumps-racist-meme-wars/ 
Right but it should still be your choice, it's not high school anymore.
You need to embrace all of Google's messaging options! I want to see icons for Allo, Duo, Hangouts, and Messenger!
It's to attach a tow line to on a track day if it goes off the track.
Wow, what a great success story! You finally posted this exact same comment enough for it to get upvoted!
> when people mention it was definitely a missed call

>I wouldn't mind seeing Sherman take the NFL equivalent to a fastball in the hip.

Pick one.
Why does reading things wrong make you a mormon?
Kinda like how all the closeted gay christians are extremely anti-gay.
So if the media can't be trusted, none of that actually happened!
Looks like this guy was assembled with IKEA instructions.
So who are you going to blame after the election when your bullshit is still downvoted?
Damn that's too bad about your experiences. I never had an issue in probably 50 visits. It was the closest thing to In-n-Out in Indiana.
Indiana is second only to California for number of teams in the top 100. The Crossroads Classic will be nuts!
Other than it literally being the Imperial logo, I guess it's not that Imperial...
I was one of the people that got burned on the last TH-X00 drop by Fostex's quality issues, so this came at a great time.
The DB kept trying to swat it away so he just held it higher haha.
His TD catch with his fingertips over his head was pretty nuts too.
Well I'd completely expect them to come from that monster as it spits flames IRL, but not from something like the GTS. Here is a video of a 600 HP custom M4 that would be shooting flames every half second in Forza https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_UXrk10lj0
Lay off the member berries.
The Reddit voting system is rigged!
Source?
Agreed, but I wish they would drop the fake pops/flames they put on every car, so we could hear the real pops and burbles better.
I thought it was being shown as open faced, but the bottom slice would be moved to the top after the picture but you're right, it's on top of an already made sandwich. Still looks amazing though, just fork food now.
Also I love how when it's raining, it switches to a softer xylophone version of each song. 
What are we doing here? Racing or just posing for a video game cover?
You...don't understand how the Comments page for someone works, do you? It's page by page. You're taking up way too much of my time, I won't be replying anymore. I tried to explain why people don't like seeing 100 'boobs' comments in a thread and if you can't get that, I can't help you.
Nope, it's just a mechanism to try and appear morally superior to one side or both.
Completely understand man, those comments get annoying. Since you're having a bad day, I found another gif to help cheer you up.

http://i.imgur.com/Pko1lDr.gifv
Same amount of work my friend, I'd have to read through it all and find where I've complained about everyone commenting the same thing in a thread. Now you hopefully understand how ridiculous your request sounded. You're also still missing the point that no one was criticizing male sexuality. You've strawmanned a 'SJW' into this argument where there was none.
"Killing people with your car is fine ~~as long as you are old~~." - state attornies all over, apparently
Seriously, every new thing I find out on here is like Christmas! I'd been waiting for that FOREVER and I just bought a wall-mounted version, I guess I'll keep both in different rooms haha.
I don't need a custom design, I have the KK Edition 3DS!
>but it only ever seems to happen for thins.

Well, I have a log of everything I've said on reddit. You'd be awfully convincing if you showed where I haven't said it about something else in the past. Also, drop the shrug shit and smug talk, you're defending people just saying 'boobs' on Reddit.
Why does it matter what I've said in the past? I'm not going to sift through thousands of comments to appease you haha. Believe me or don't, just think about it when you're enjoying reading all the wonderfully insightful comments of 'boobs' in this thread and many others.
I would say that about tons of shit that's on Reddit too (especially political "opinions") if it was happening in this thread. It's not worse because it's male sexuality, just much more widespread in this thread and Reddit in general because of the demographics of Reddit.
You can think whatever you want to about her, no one is saying you shouldn't. You just don't have to broadcast that to Reddit. We all have eyes and can see she is attractive, but if every single person that thought that also typed it, we'd have so much shit to wade through in every comments section.
Still safer than coming to a complete stop on the god damn onramp.
It's a good outlook, even coming straight out of college. Informatics is so broad of a major you can shape it into whatever you'd like to do relating to technology. I graduated back in 2011, but take a look at this Hiring Report from the Informatics class of 2015: https://www.soic.indiana.edu/doc/career/undergraduate-hiring-report-2016-02-19.pdf
Awesome, thanks for the tip!
The same thing happened to me, I decided to party Freshman year instead of applying myself. However, an INFO major with Business cognate (I also got a Business Certificate and Marketing Minor) makes you really attractive coming out of school. You can cast a much wider net than just with a business major. There are a lot of companies looking for business analysts and while it's not Kelley, Informatics still provides great networking events and job search/resume assistance. If you haven't already, take INFO-I101 and see if it's for you.
I use it on a daily basis and only sort of miss a Search feature. It's not slow or counter-intuitive, I feel bad for the people that say it's a slow buggy mess because I've haven't experienced anything like that in a couple of years.
And you get more people to use Allo by having SMS integration. Eventually when enough people to get it to use SMS, they realize they can now just use it for Allo. Then less people use SMS since they've switched to sending Allo messages and we can move past it eventually.
Oh no, it would take away dev time for new splash screens and stickers...
No probably about it.
You'd think a Nutella ad wouldn't feature expired product.
Sorry but you haven't had a successful day of posting in r/soccer until you've called someone a plastic.
Wow a self-sustaining robot!
http://i.imgur.com/QJWA27e.png
My wallet just let out a scream.
Tell us where the American touched you.
Just like the game itself is a nice break from the crappy parts of life, this sub is a nice break from the crappy parts of Reddit.
The Colts will never begin a 4th quarter with a lead.
Lol, who is going through and downvoting all the Fat Dan's suggestions, a transplanted Indians fan?
With a Salt Life window sticker even though she lives in a landlocked state and the interior reeks of cigarettes.
I hope she's not a principal.
Mine got everyone right on Android. It's freaky good with context clues when I expect it to mess up. 
That's why I look forward to guaranteed income. Bring on the robots!
To shreds you say?
He doubled down on the dumbassery, it's a bold strategy Cotton.
Yeah but it's a divisional matchup and we had to play them at their true home stadium. You only had to play them in Jacksonville.
Every dashcam video is either Russia or China, it's a scientific fact.
I'm still waiting on my 'Libtard Cuck SJW and Loving It' sign to arrive.
http://i.imgur.com/zihcPvZ.jpg

Also happy cake day
They used a flat wooden stick that looked just like a popsicle stick to swab. But cotton would make me gag too.
Okay, I'll count off 60 seconds and then get out.

*Proceeds to count the slowest seconds ever.*
Well duh, does every doctor not do that?
$150K+ upgrade from his 650S and his doors still go like this  /\\_(ツ)_/\
I agree, I hate when a team you beat is still ahead of you, especially if you beat them in their home stadium.
So since the Colts beat them in Nashville, what does that make us?
It was a challenging fap, but I made it through in the end.
I knew I wasn't made to suck dicks when I would puke every time I got a strep throat test at the doctor.
[Can I interest you in gecko next?](http://i.imgur.com/92kn2Fo.jpg)
Correct, it lasted for maybe 2 years at the most, but they folded the SRT 'brand' and just returned it to a performance model designation. Ram was also spun off and still is to this day.
Damn that's a pretty nice selfie!
Vipers are sold as a Dodge again and have been for at least a year.
Why don't we have the 675LT yet? /s (kinda)
Your verbosity is greatly venerated.
Can you imagine a brushless vibrator running 6s?
http://i.imgur.com/CcKPBPI.gif
Yeah that was posted in here yesterday, we were waiting for it to come to the better streaming service ;)
If that was IRL, my disc would be showing up in someone's lake rake post a month from now.
In a different one, they toss the Raiders fan a Chargers beer but he's ready with that Raiders coozie.
Well yeah, I can't make you dance better.
'Beer with your team on it.' Incredibly simple.
Not a native Welsh speaker, but I believe it's pronounced like 'fake' but with an L-sound at the beginning instead.
Shame fat people: karma galore

Shame cigarette smokers: leave us alone you cunt, we're not bothering you! Also, what about fat people, they are worse than us! 
IF PURDUE IS 15, WHY DOES IT SHOW GONZAGA AT 14 INSTEAD OF ARKANSAS LITTLE ROCK?
Yeah it definitely got worse after the update. Pause and galaxy map are the most noticeable because I never had any pausing issues in the last expansion and the galaxy map now takes at least twice as long to load.
I bet they made it just to piss you off and make you comment multiple times in it.
Clearly didn't leave enough room for that black hole to pass.
Not to mention not knowing what you are doing and relying on something/someone else is a cornerstone of the corporate world.
So bringing up 'bitter college students' seems a bit arbitrary if that had nothing to do with the OP making their comments about an injury to Pence. It just sounds like a hot take designed to divide.
Fuck me, remastered sound was one of the things I was most excited about. Especially since I run it through a DAC and amp before my headphones. 
If that were true, wouldn't their post be highly upvoted instead of negative?
It's in solidarity with Gucci Mane.
You just described most default threads.
That guy put in a lot of effort just to justify his purchase...
Yes
Nothing confusing about my Berner right now.
Yeah I think that goes without saying for anyone that doesn't own an iPhone or S7.
I wish they did. Instead they just leave their crap parking job there and walk away.
Get over it.
To each their own, but you have the better taste in wheels IMO.
Same as the last few seasons, we don't get serious as a team until we are down multiple possessions in the 4th quarter.
Carporn should always be as hi-resolution as this.
I'm going to assume you said 'Love you Bernie.'
Well that's why it's so thick, to accommodate the magnum size battery.
Well if you're a Trump fan, I've got great news for you!
I feel for you, a lot of my friends are Republicans and feel the same way. This cycle they don't really have someone that represents them running.
That's why I am voting for the political party, not the person. And my views align more with the Democratic Party.
Let's get Pied Piper on it.
Lol, thanks for the laugh friend. With all the profanities you're spouting, I hope your feelings didn't get hurt as well.
You were talking about pussies getting their feelings hurt, so I assumed you were talking about the people over at r/The_Donald. And I certainly support your right to post wherever you want, I never said otherwise.
What do the posters at r/The_Donald have to do with this post?
I wouldn't say most people assume that. I would maybe say most people assume everyone who votes for Trump is saying that kind of language is not dangerous, which is very different from being a bigot themselves.
Make sure you wipe its paws before allowing it back in your house.
That broker is making sweet commish on those fines.
Both of your comments have been way too full of generalizations just designed to inflame without any substance. You're trying to sound smart by saying "let's not jump to extremes" after having said 
>That's a good way the left gets their point across, by violence. I thought most left voters were educated?
That happened with certain HRE wheels in FM6. They were originally chrome, but if you painted them any other color, they would go back to chrome when spinning. That was never patched so it's unlikely to be patched here either :/
one person and not an entire political party?
So you think 51% of American Democrats all did this at the same time?
We voted Yes for defacing it at the weekly CTR meeting.
From what I've read, Rossion has a manufacturing facility in Florida. I don't know if they make the whole car there or just pieces for assembly though. I'll have to ask next time I'm there for Cars and Coffee.
It's this same reason I don't get political yard signs.
Both new and used. I think Rossion is considered a full blown manufacturer, the dealer lists themselves as an authorized Rossion sales and service center.
Man day old spam bot.
We have a Lotus dealer nearby that sells all manner of rare lightweights including this one.
Back to a glorious time without Touchwizz.
"Allo isn't doing as well as we thought boss, Hangouts still has a decent userbase and does everything better."

"*Execute Order 66*"
Yeah I loved the tour of their HQ, and the hauler garage was breathtaking. I haven't been since they got into USCR, so I'm curious how it's changed.
The difference I've noticed is that when they are physically in the same room, the host is not clothed, whereas these convos all take place with her clothed. Of course, it could just be because he's only taking her away for a short time. My main bone to pick, which is not with you but with OP, is why does the distinction really matter either way?
That may be true, but Bernard remoting in to her requires 0 suspension of disbelief.
YOU TAKE THAT BACK THAT WAS A CLASH FOR THE AGES. When is the last time you saw a team with a 1% chance of winning come back to win?
Thanks, ma[HEY WAIT A MINUTE.](http://i.imgur.com/lTokn.jpg)
So Bernard had someone sneak up to the fire while her, William, and Logan were sleeping, drag her away for a conversation, and then put her back without them noticing?
Oh shit, you're not the same guy. Carry on!
But this article is about Wireless internet, not Fi.
Looks like the Audeze has a warm signature.
*Set beam lasers to Rave!*
https://media0.giphy.com/media/3FBwwRCNTSa52/giphy.gif
I visited my cousin at Purdue while in high school and couldn't get over the Twinkie-flavored ice cream at one of the dining halls there. I think IU only had 1 or 2 unlimited options when I was there.
He was my first villager to give me his picture and always wears my clothing designs, so he's one of my favorites too.
Fuck me, that's so much easier than opening the left panel and selecting it that way.
Please don't challenge them.
K.K. Jazz
Do you mean a built-in method and not 3rd party? Because there are a good amount of 3rd party ways to do that wirelessly. Still though without a 3rd party app, it's as easy as plugging in a USB cable and dragging and dropping.
I can, here you go. These don't seem very chill to me or laughing it off, especially the first one.

https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/58neal/steelers_coach_patriots_offense_operates_on_the/d91t5fb/

https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/58neal/steelers_coach_patriots_offense_operates_on_the/d91sj4o/

https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/58neal/steelers_coach_patriots_offense_operates_on_the/d91u4j3/

https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/58neal/steelers_coach_patriots_offense_operates_on_the/d91rh4s/

https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/58neal/steelers_coach_patriots_offense_operates_on_the/d91s6of/
I mean there are TVs now that are literally just a screen. I don't see how that will look out of date until we have holgrams for TVs.

https://9to5mac.files.wordpress.com/2012/01/lg-55-inch-oled-tv_0120120102084751728.jpg
[Here's the source.](http://imgur.com/a/zyOHQ)
MINNESOTA MUST BE [TAKING IT EASY](http://i.imgur.com/m3LswA4.png) TO REST FOR MLS NEXT YEAR. HOPE YOU ENJOY HAVING THEM GUYS!
I didn't even recognize him smiling, I'm used to the sad puppy dog face.
I wish the lowest category was DOZENS OF US, DOZENS!
Of course Duke is going to win that category.
I'm not OP, but here's one I took at 1920x1080

http://i.imgur.com/ExbDrsa.png
THANK YOU FOR AT LEAST PICKING ONE OF THE LIGHTEST CARS AROUND.
I've found plenty of comedy in this comedy show this season. Just because parts of SP make you think (just like they used to with the 'I learned something today' speeches) doesn't mean the show is no longer comedy. Now the jokes are just topical commentary instead of Kenny dying.
When my family books and not me, it's usually Southwest. Also American Airlines, United Airlines, and the old US Airways.
Yo u/Zephyrkills could I get a tour as well?
I'm really glad then. If seats could recline more than they actually do in my experience, it would be a huge issue. My knees touch the seat in front of me before a seat is even reclined. I wouldn't be able to fly without getting an exit row seat.
Gateway monitor? WHAT YEAR IS IT?!?
> new York NY NY NY USA

Just a bit of stuttering


It's not that I don't think people don't recline their seats, it's that I don't see the advantage in doing so with as little as they recline.
No matter how clean I try to drive though, the other drivatars are going to hit me during a race, which increases my average collisions per race, which makes my drivatar crash into other people more, which increases their average collisions per race, which makes their drivatar drive worse, and so on.
I thought I recognized 96th and Meridian! Oddly enough I hadn't seen one in the wild either until about a month ago at 86th and Michigan on the NW side but the one I saw was black. So there are at minimum 2 in northern Indy I guess.
Agreed. Part of me wishes there was a separate sub for Forza PC though because of it. There were too many posts about "will Forza work on my PC" and now it's too many posts about the bans, along with anyone explaining the old bans getting downvoted to shit.
They are getting downvoted by all the new PC users who know nothing about the old bans and feel personally attacked for some reason.
Android lets you set schedules too so every work night my phone goes into Do Not Disturb mode at 10 PM and turns back on at 8 AM the next day.
Thanks, I know how sarcasm works. Usually a sarcastic statement like that is made to mock the people that actually hold those sentiments. So I was asking them to show me who holds those sentiments. Otherwise it was a completely arbitrary comment, whether sarcastic or not, if no one actually believes what was said.
I've never reclined on a plane regardless of what the person in front of me did, but the longest flight I've been on was only 9 hours.
Then I guess I don't understand the point of your original comment if no one said or inferred that.
Can you link me to a well-upvoted comment that said the Pixel wouldn't sell well because they got rid of the Nexus line? 
I appreciate the replies. For what it's worth, I don't think reclining seat people are entitled, I was replying back with a similar argument to yours to play devil's advocate. Just remember that not all tall people behind you are selfish or entitled, they could just be in that seat because of circumstances beyond their control and a reclined seat could mean purple and painful knees at the end of the flight.
>You can sit in front of a reclined seat just as easily. Heck, the vast majority of flyers do without complaining.

You still didn't answer what this means. You said **in front of a reclined seat.** Was that just a typo, because it threw me off. People still recline in aisle seats but I try to get exit row whenever possible, but there's not always that choice. For what it's worth, I don't think coach/basic class airline seats should recline because it causes a lot of problems like you are seeing in this thread. Lastly, and this won't be turned around against you, this is purely for curiosity, how tall are you?
But a Nexus was. And now there is no Nexus.
**S**plash Screen

**M**essaging

**S**hit

We did it Reddit! SMS confirmed! 

Ah, I see what you're saying now. Thanks for taking the time to reply.
Can you expand on what you mean by Google's lack of control over the platform?
The point I am making is that the added comfort of reclining is less than the added discomfort of a tall person having a seat in their knees.

And if you recline, the tall person behind you is very much making a sacrifice. They are sacrificing their comfort for you to be marginally more comfortable than you were before. It's something shorter people will never understand.

>You can sit in front of a reclined seat just as easily. Heck, the vast majority of flyers do without complaining.

I have no idea what this means. Am I to wait until the person in front of me reclines their seat, then go 2 rows up and ask to switch seats with the person in front of the person that reclined?
Honestly I'd be fine if it wasn't even fallback, just merged conversations like Hangouts had. That way if you have a confusing situation like you described, you could choose which type of message you wanted to send. I just don't want separate apps for SMS and messaging. Hangouts did it perfectly when you could just choose which one you wanted to send within the same conversation, not taking 10 extra seconds each time to find your other messaging app, open it and go into that other type of conversation.
a. It sends a SMS to the iOS user if they don't have Allo installed. The same way they send you a SMS if you don't have iMessage installed.

b. I'd imagine it would interact the same way as iMessage does for people that don't use iMessage for SMS and don't have notifications enabled, it still sends the chat message.

All I hear is 'hurr durr move past SMS', when I can't help what other people I communicate with use.
Do you really think it's anything but selfish to recline 2 whole degrees when you could fall asleep just as easily without? You're expecting the tall person behind you to sacrifice their comfort for yours, which just reeks of entitlement.

Also, 6'4" and reclining I can deal with, but the one that actually affects me is the armrest for the seat in front which sounds weird. It's right where my knees have to go when they are reclined. When it's stored upright, I have no issue, but when they put it down it actually makes it stick out more which digs into my knees. It sucks because I'm not going to tell someone to not use their armrest. 
You know, I learned something today... This is a pretty ironic post as member berries are what cause stagnation in everything and don't let any new ideas move forward, just like your ideal version of SP you don't want to let go of.
Not with the Pixel Launcher they won't.
Not 'we', I was always fine with making compromises for the price point of the Nexus phones as long as they still had pure Android. I have no issues with the Pixel but I also wish they kept the Nexus line for the lower price point people that don't want an OEM skin and don't want to flash something. I never asked for an 'iPhone killer.'
I'll have what you're smoking.
I never thought I'd see Pat McAfee in r/headphones 
Not even Morgan Freeman narrating the explanation would convince me.
Browsing on their old flip phones at that. It still looks like shit on my phone.
Maybe I'm just jaded from the old complaints about bans before the game went to PC, but like 75% of those people were saying "I have no idea why I got banned! I only made this rape van/shocker sticker/naked anime livery/[insert obviously bannable offense here]!"
Maybe some wetwork missions too ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
You're already subscribed to r/nfl though.
Old people that go somewhere warmer in the winter.
[Hot girl, Volkswagen Jetta. It's a law, like water or dinosaurs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ITrUIb6m4Fk)
[This one is good.](https://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/589klx/from_mobys_new_music_video/d8ynt6y)
The hats were better in the 90's.
Seriously, who is going to say 'no it fucking sucks' in response to that question on this sub?
You fixed nothing. I don't need new stickers or to make my text larger or smaller with Allo, Duo doesn't do group calling, Messenger won't sent texts from a desktop app. Hangouts still does everything better than those 3 apps.
Or

- Hangouts - Everything

And not using/installing any of the others because my needs are already being met.
Eh it's not really that important.
I would hope the Pro 4 is nothing like the first gen, it's 3 gens more.
Probably, but I haven't tried it to test.
I have a Fiio E17 as a portable DAC/AMP. I can amp the sound with 3DS>male-to-male 3.5mm>E17>Headphones, but the DAC will only work with USB or Optical input. There's probably a 3.5mm to optical adapter that can be bought though.
That's possibly the best compliment you can give to a car. Although her ass is still rocking now.
They must have learned how to lose them from the previous administration.

http://www.newsweek.com/2016/09/23/george-w-bush-white-house-lost-22-million-emails-497373.html
>Around 34% prefer iPhone as an alternative

They are just becoming other shills.
CRAB PEOPLE, CRAB PEOPLE
Purdue is one of the best teams in Indiana that hasn't won a National Championship.
I'm 29 and the number of old guys who don't wash their hands after using the restroom at my workplace is also absurd. Bottom line is don't shake any man's hand.
That's my RES tag for them so I know to never trust their opinions on phones or really anything for that matter.
SuperVeloce, not Superleggera. /pedant
I only got 2 HE cars despite spending every credit the game would allow on re-spins... :/ I wanted the F-Type HE badly.
[A peanut plant being harvested](http://i.imgur.com/kJnxU6n.mp4)
http://i.imgur.com/No0HlbN.jpg
Also 'The Gang Hits the Slopes' from Always Sunny.
http://i.imgur.com/iReoeF7.jpg
My comment that triggered this was literally just me saying I'd take the Pixel over an S7 Edge.
The answer is always something Samsung.
Maybe they meant Anders Holmvik?
Sometimes if the waiter/waitress takes an extremely long time to get to our table, I'll order 2 pints at once. I'm not trying to wait another 30 minutes for my next one.
I'd really like to know the story of your username.
I don't know if this is original or not, but it's definitely the best response I've seen to that comment.
Lmao, good laugh bud.
If the room you're in is quiet, Bubbles by Yosi Horikawa.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T9F9ob0ZzHw
They are clearly a troll account with that username.
Yeah in the end, it doesn't affect me what phone they go with, it's just good to try and stop misinformation and spec sheet battles on here when possible.
I completely agree with what you're saying, but anyone who posts on here is not a general consumer and should know better.
I bet myself $10 you would just lay their spec sheets out side-by-side. I owe myself $10!
Better to me? Yes. Better to you? I don't know, the term 'better' is very subjective and everyone has different things they look for in a phone.
Live, it's K.K. DnB because he beatboxes a lot of it. For playing in my house, I like K.K. Jazz.
The best looking Mansory kit there's been IMO. Usually they are a bit over the top for me.
If you're online with friends, could you have them block the ends of the zone with their cars while everyone takes turns doing the run? Or would cars still spawn in between?
Yeah this is 90% of the people that switch to iPhone. "I don't like my Samsung and I'm too lazy to find the right phone for me from the plethora of Android options so I'll just say Android sucks and go to Apple and post about it for karma."
You must have just moved to Seattle if that is at all surprising or you don't already have rain golf gear.
Still a better rate than my actual savings account...
If you live in Chicago, someone else can do it for you!
I purchased the V-Moda Crossfade LP2s which were advertised as over-ear, but were most definitely on-ear. Way too tight of a clamping force and it can't form a good seal for isolation, so I returned them for proper over ear headphones.
They use dual superchargers a decent amount in powerboats. [Here](http://i.imgur.com/Ap4S3yC.jpg) is an example from Mercury.
We're working on it, you damn commies. /s
No you don't get it, you're being impatient! You have to wait 5 years and all your contacts will have it! /s
Yep I work near Gatsby's and it's pretty great. My favorite sandwich there is the crusted Romano chicken sandwich though.
Any tighter and he'll create the Higgs-Boson particle.
Not to mention this isn't even a gif.
It's too bad the Voodoo is too rare to drop in.
Yeah but there's always other Vikings fans reining them in.
I blame Eagles fans.
I'll take that bet!
All Porsches, and for that matter, Rufs until they add the Porsches in as DLC. I can't wait until that EA exclusive deal is done.
Well to answer your question, everyone haha.
Whenever they are in a schoolroom doing math, I'm just yelling at the screen that their math is wrong. Boner killer!
I'm trying to remain civil but your reasoning skills are making it difficult. He doesn't give two shits about who stands for the national anthem. He's not protesting his teammates standing for the anthem or even the anthem itself. He's personally protesting systemic racism in America and using the anthem to do it. All the words you're forcing into his mouth are from your personal and frankly ignorant agenda. 
That's a Ruf, not a Porsche.
Uh, no. I'm reading his actual quotes. You are inferring things beyond what he is saying to fit your argument. By your logic, he would be calling the other black players on his team racist since they stand for the anthem.
I just came here to say fuck you OP. 
'A lot of racism disguised as patriotism' does not mean or imply 'every patriot is racist' in any way, shape, or form. You seem to be creating a strawman for his views not based on things he has actually said.
>“There’s a lot of racism disguised as patriotism in this country. And people don’t like to address that. And they don’t like to address what the root of this protest is,” Kaepernick said.

All I'm reading here is that there are racist people that are using the guise of patriotism to criticize him. Can you give me exact lines for what you're implying he said? I don't see anywhere where he said or even implied anything you just said.
And we are just as entitled to criticize his opinion as my racist aunt is to criticize Kaep's opinion.
That's bullshit.
That's not really an apples to apples comparison as Hangouts has a lot more functionality than Allo, it would only make sense that Allo loads faster side-by-side. 
Can you link to the quote where he says all patriots are racist? I'm interested in learning more.
Hmm, well I don't have Allo downloaded because I have no use for it, but when I just used Hangouts with a lot of apps open like Gmail, FB Messenger, Photos, Sync for Reddit, etc, it's still incredibly smooth. Maybe it's a difference of internals between the N6 and N5X?
Don't know what the hell that guy is talking about. If you've been on Reddit for 5 years, you know all about false equivalency.
I applaud how hard you guys would have had to work to not know this, regardless of age, TV show preference, or anything else. They are like spilled glitter: fucking everywhere.
Could be the cliche 'am I the only one?' phrasing.
It becomes my business when people smoke in public and smell like shit.
I know what they are doing with it right now, I'm not optimistic about the future of the app.
Lol wasn't there a tweet yesterday about how PG believes the Pacers can score 115 every game?
So in summation, people are upset because Google is (close to) taking away something they found incredibly useful and don't really care they aren't the target market for the replacement of that useful thing because they still want something incredibly useful to them? Color me surprised!
Just curious, what phone do you use Hangouts on? I've never had the slow loading issues that I've heard people describe.
It cuts out before the crucial part which is being able to stand up with 200+ lbs on your shoulders.
Spray someone's jizz rag with it haha.
I love watching the IMSA series. They race my car in the Continental Tire Challenge.
I live in Indiana and 50% of our political ads are EVAN BAYH WILL TAKE YOUR GUNS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Well hopefully Verizon paid a pretty penny for the exclusivity then because they are missing out on a lot of sales because of it.
Carriers, which is plural, not just Verizon. What average AT&T customer that sees the ads is going to know they can also use the phone on AT&T?
Or maybe a combination of both?
That's what I don't understand. It seems like Google is shooting themselves in the foot with 'Only on Verizon' in all their ads. That's going to turn a lot of average consumers away if they aren't on Verizon because it doesn't say in any promotional materials that it can be bought unlocked from Google. I'm sure Verizon made them put it in, but they make not attempt to clarify.
On Xbox One it's the Left and Right Triggers to lower and raise the height. It doesn't fly very high though, probably so it's not ridiculously easy to find the barn.
Sorry if I missed it but what speakers are those? 
He was driving backwards obviously. That means you hit 100 first.
Nothing fringe about it IMH(omer)O
Seriously, everyone is saying they are tired of talking about OBJ, but it would just move to another sensationalist story right after.
The Android boat is actually a fleet of ships, each traveling together while looking distinct. And no one in the fleet is going to throw that ass clown a life preserver.

Bonus pic of the Samsung ship http://i.imgur.com/3s0ajcx.jpg
Good thing you put that /s or my low redditor IQ you talked about would have prevented me from getting it!
Hopefully it's duly noted by you then.
Yep I have to put something on top of it to sleep at night.
Trying this when I get home. Like many others in here I'm stuck with 1 road left and have scoured the map for hours.
So we have you to thank for the update!
Yep and it's a lot of fun to fly the drone around. I've used this tactic for every barn find.
There's nothing stressful about telling someone they didn't contribute to a discussion.
I just don't enjoy annoying comments like yours. Was it supposed to be a joke? 
>but it's really annoying for such a great game

Well that's a pretty inaccurate presumption and your comment added nothing to the discussion. When someone has a legitimate complaint about this game, your response is to create a strawman saying they automatically think the game is unplayable?
I knew it was sarcasm, I responded back in kind. Tell me where OP said it made the game unplayable.
Wow, must have been nice, my max HSPA+ down with the N4 was about 6 Mb/s. Too much land area in the US and we have some lazy telecoms. You're right about it not being widespread when the phone first launched though. It's just that since LTE came out soon after, it was one of the major reasons I made the jump to the Nexus 5 even though my 4 still worked at the time. That and it's easy to tell 720p and 1080p apart for me at least.
And LTE.
That's interesting, why would that make the game unplayable for you?
How much do you care then if you could care less?
Try using Drone Camera and fly to every barn in the area. It will mark the right one when you fly by it.
Here's my favorite: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QqEuI2HBBWM
Someone's been playing a bit too much GTA.
Including carbon fiber exhaust tips
This is by far the most realistic Forza photo I've ever seen.
I don't know how holding up Hillary Clinton to take a photo would make this picture look better. /s
We know, it's easy to tell.
[I didn't feel up for dipping my feet in the river when I was there...](http://i.imgur.com/pEC08eB.jpg)
Catch-22. They are based on people, but those people are crashing into drivatars when racing because those other drivatars suck at driving.
This loosens more than the shoulders.
Gotcha, I appreciate the answer anyways.
I'm looking to learn more about how iOS has changed. As an example, say you wanted to add a quick .mp3 clip as your alarm ringtone for every morning. How would you go about doing that on an iPhone? On an Android I would drag the file directly into the Ringtones folder of my phone through something like Windows Explorer.
Bury the setting deep like Developer Options so your grandma can't get to it, but yeah it needs a file system somehow.
No, I said that they would get downvoted to shit in a default sub for saying what they did.
Yeah I get a lot of the complaints about the Pixel but this is not one of them. 2 years is the longest I've had any phone and that's usually because they physically degrade and/or the battery goes to shit.
You do get a Daydream set for free if you pre-order the phone, just not technically 'bundled'. They will send you a code for a free one.
Bluetooth Master Race! The Android fanboys complaining about Apple removing the headphone jack are just too poor to afford wireless Beats!
I wish it was a bit more of a revival for us. :/
Fun fact, this already happens for the 6P when you Google it. Well at least it redirects to the Pixel page when you click the Nexus link in the results. Fuck it's old...
I know it's offseason, but this again?

https://www.reddit.com/r/SiliconValleyHBO/search?q=mark+cuban&restrict_sr=on&sort=relevance&t=all
The only one I didn't like was the 650S because it looked like they Grand Theft Auto'd the P1 front and MP4-12C rear. The 675 addressed that with a better looking rear, especially the exhaust.
From your first paragraph, it sounds like you need to play Elite:Dangerous! The only thing is that it's set in 3302 and quite a few stars in our galaxy have been settled.
You will get downvoted to shit in most defaults when pointing this out.
The irony next week when he inevitably gets a sack on Luck...
I wish you were right instead of me, but I can live with the slight compression. I also back all media of mine up physically on a USB 3.0 hard drive in case I ever do need the original image. 
With a caveat. The files are slightly compressed if you choose High Quality (unlimited), but with Original you have to use Drive storage to hold the full size image. Of course if you can't really see the compression or don't care, then it's moot.
What 4K TV doesn't already have 4K streaming built in? My Sony TV even has Google Cast built in.
[MFW I watch the Colts go down early every game, only to try and make a 4th quarter comeback, only to fail or give up another score after the comeback](http://i.imgur.com/qIn2xbK.jpg)
I have Violet in my town and her catchphrase is RIPHarambe.
Fucking LOL, I've never once made money on buying re-spins. I'm probably at around 100 total rebuys and lose money every time. I get hilariously low credits or a cheap car every time.
It's too bad your parents didn't follow your advice.
I'd go viking funeral with it on the White River.
I'm glad you're happy with your device, that's the most important part, but Android as an OS has made absurdly large strides since 2012. 
Let them dump on your day by driving past you on the shoulder? If that's all it takes to ruin your day, I feel bad for you.
Fucking fight me IRL
I'm terrible at having sex with swimsuit models.
>none of it really has to do with the fact that he's American

You say that, but go read the r/soccer thread.
It will die down. I also wanted a r/willforzahorizon3runonmypc leading up to launch but those posts have disappeared as will all these pictures.
I just imagine your drivatar flipping off 3rd place as you cross the line haha.
Please give me more of your valuable insight, Jony Ive.
It's the free market baby! Capitalism solves all problems. Regulation is bad! 

\- Probably these same people at some point.
If you have a large head: beware. The clamping force is tight (can be overcome with bending), but in addition, the headband itself just isn't long enough to have the cups go all the way down to your ears comfortably, for me at least. I'm trying to experiment with bending them, but they feel so tight compared to my HD600s.
Since they have a horn button, hopefully it can activate that.
First, the person you replied to said it was a good design because everyone else is using it too. Second, even if they didn't say that your comment sounds pretentious as fuck.
It's not that American viewpoints aren't allowed on r/soccer , it's how you present them. 'Pusilic is awesome' has been repeated ad-nauseum as have price comparisons to American sports leagues.
After some Googling, very much so.
Lol, your salt is hilarious. Your anger at the author is clouding your judgement. Thanks for the downvote, friend!
We're talking rich douche uniform, which is Vineyard Vines and Ralph Lauren everything with Sperrys. The more pastel the better.
You didn't answer the question.
Good thing McAfee is playing there then!
It's like how the South calls the Civil War the War of Northern Aggression.
A neighbor in college was from there. He had the classic douche uniform which put me off at first, but he was actually a pretty cool guy.
Also, the start is too fast for you to get in the optimal revs to launch. I'm pissed they removed the countdown.
Not only that, but they have the real popping/burbling sound of the exhaust (GT350R for example) and then they add the fake popping and flames ON TOP of that. It almost ruins the sound for me.
Anyone who uses age, gender, race, etc to define what people should and shouldn't do probably has a lame life.
Also true.
They are still using a shitty phone as a benchmark for the Pixel. The Pixel has no equals or competition, it is just Pixel.
When you really need to wake up on a Monday.
Mix all the ingredients together for an American Casserole. It's actually our national dish.
Yeah that happened in FH2 as well, I've seen many a drivatar cutting corners. The other important thing about the first 2 cars is racing in clear space vs having to weave through a pack.
inb4 50 different tired 'bacon' jokes.
His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy

There's vomit on his sweater already: Dog spaghetti
At least the shape of the building right there is still a reminder of her sticking it to the man.
Postgradproblems must be for people that just graduated High School.
Well it's a bit pedantic, but the cars in this pic aren't the same either. OP owns a Grand Sport, while the in-game car is a Z06.
Not in Japan...
Allo doesn't have SMS fallback. How could you miss that in your points?
If you're saying manual w/ clutch is too hard on a controller, I recommend switching the clutch and e-brake in the controller settings. With the clutch set to A it's easy to roll your thumb and shift. It will also shave time off your laps (maybe not Goliath lol) because it shifts a lot faster.
Hey I was right about you taking the narrative where you wanted it to go! I will have a pleasant day, I hope you do as well. I appreciate you explaining the functionality of the Hide button, I had no idea what it did before this.
Lol, last reply and then I have to get back to work. You said liberal was a larger insult than 10-year-old and then in the very next sentence said an insult can't be larger. Last word is all yours, enjoy! Can't wait to read it later today.
So it is larger or isn't? Your reply is a contradiction. I like the doubling down though.
You said 'I see' and then proceeded to not understand my point at all. You sounded more whiny than the person you replied to, let's not make this a strawman about how I hate reposts. When I said annoying reposts, I was talking about how they viewed them not me. But your use of 'triggered' gives me good indication none of this explanation matters and you will think what you'd like to.
If you're holding a snake that size and it decides it wants to move, it will move.
You say that as if liberal is a larger insult than 10-year old. And I'm sure you will come back with 'but it is' helping prove his insult.
How so? You started with 'Jesus' and ended with 'stop crying.' That on its own sounds more melodramatic than someone explaining what they do with annoying reposts.
You sound a lot more whiny than the person you replied to.
[>MFW](http://i.imgur.com/YBizrBA.jpg)
He wouldn't say that to Cromartie.
Dang that sucks, hope they get it fixed soon for you guys.
I play on Xbox One. Is there a PC bug with the music being way too loud? Can't it be lowered in the menus like the X1 version? 
I couldn't disagree more, it's way too sudden and you can't get into launch revs.
Yeah that's the main reason I like them better, rally tires didn't look like they belonged on a truck.
I love the new offroad racing tires instead of having to install rally tires on a truck.
If it's painful, your volume is probably too loud.
You list them under work experience, but don't put their contact info in your supplemental references list you give with your resume.
I think it was all either cosmetic or adhesive-related. But it was bad enough to not send them out and they don't seem open to selling the blemished ones at a discount either which is a shame.
Hopefully you can find some on Ebay because Massdrop just cancelled the most recent TH-X00 drop due to defects with the units and it was a mess. Who knows how long it will be until they try and start another drop.
At least the Colts had much more mediocre expectations than last year heading into this year so we don't get called overrated every thread.
Yeah the max height of the drone cam is hilariously low unless I'm missing something.
I thought from the title it was going to be the Russian Avengers.
It was caused by clipping through a fence and then flying underwater. I don't remember the exact location.
Millennial and calling everyone who disagrees with you a SJW. Sounds about right.
That's Need for Speed, Simba. You must never go there.
Should have said stuffed crust pizza.
You're correct that AutoArt models have more detail but they cost at least 5 times as much in the same scale.
Well my smart TV runs Android so...
Me too when I was sitting in my Ferrari getting a blowjob from a swimsuit model.
They are the only ones in a different material than the others they provide. The squishy foam material that is kind of sticky on the outside. [These are the ones mine came with.](http://www.complyfoam.com/products/ts-200/) You roll them to make them smaller, insert them into your ears, and they should expand to fit your ear canal perfectly. But they even have different sizes of those, so maybe the ones they provide are still too small for your ears if they fall out. Mine would take an incredible amount of shaking to dislodge even though any other tip I've ever tried falls out instantly.
Yep that one is my favorite standard plate, but I've been rocking my IU plate since 2007 because of how bad the more recent default plates have been.
I can do driving line off on Motorsport but I'm absolute shit when I try it on Horizon with all the crazy routes.
I don't want to bum you out for not hearing it live, but it's my favorite exhaust note out there right now.
Did those not come with any Comply tips? I recently got the MA750s and they came with 2 sets of Comply tips, which are the only ones out of the 12 or so they include that actually fit in my dumb, weird ears.
I'm not going nuts, but I'm certainly laughing haha. This is one of the more creative troll accounts.
I live close to a major Amazon hub so I've never experienced a shipping delay. I also placed my order for FH3 a month ago though.
I've only ever heard Hometown Hero, but it says that's just from a high approval rating.
I first heard of them when they did a collaboration with Sun King, which is local for me, but their Truth IPA is in my top 5 I've ever had. It's the perfect mix of floral/citrus for me.
I think it's exactly the same.
That time must have been longer than 5 years ago because it's been like this the whole time I've been here.
Yay, flagship franchise of a soon-to-be 3rd tier league!
I'm always some shade of drunk when I get an Uber, so I'm probably annoying them with my talking. Every cab my friends and I used to take before Uber we'd basically ask to hear cabbie's life story before we got back. There's a lot of interesting people you can meet that way.
I hope a lot of people wouldn't say the things they say online in a face-to-face talk, but I get what you're saying.
Why would you not just fly it for 10 minutes at several hundred feet up?
Is that the Texas state motto?
As an American
I guess we'll just have to agree to disagree. [This image](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/31/5a/a9/315aa978244ab74cfd3cb23a53a40519.jpg) has quite a few that I've liked from our past, especially 1999-2003.

I will concede the bicentennial and 'In God We Trust' plates were garbage and this new covered bridge one looks a bit too clip-arty, but the other options look too bland especially compared to the examples in the article you listed.
You gave me all the answer I needed by downvoting and not replying. There's no way to do it, so it's not simply 'clinging on.' I hope you were able to learn a bit from this. Don't forget to downvote.
A couple of things:

1. The article doesn't address Android to iOS

2. What is does mention is that texts are sent from an automated 5 digit number and spams Android users to download Allo.

Also

>This is how it works for most cases, but for some contacts in Allo, there isn’t an option to send messages via “free SMS.” There is simply an “invite” button. We’re not sure yet why some users can have full conversations but others are limited to simple invites.

So please answer my question instead of downvoting me and linking to an irrelevant article.
Then how would you communicate with an iPhone owner that didn't have Allo installed because iMessage works just fine for them?
If every circlejerky comment got gold, Reddit wouldn't even have to pay for their own servers.
Not sure why someone downvoted your first post so I put it back to 1, it's your opinion. I would argue though that it's something to represent your state, not a magazine ad for an iPhone. Most of the state plates I've seen have some symbol of the state included. Also it's my understanding [this](http://www.plateshack.com/y2k/Maryland3/md2013.jpg) is the standard MD plate, soon to be replaced by [this](http://media2.abc2news.com/photo/2016/08/31/mdlicenseplatenew_1472648460719_45520445_ver1.0_640_480.jpg)
When did I say she voted for the bill to become law? Is Congress the only authority we can congratulate on public policy?

http://www.politico.com/agenda/story/2016/03/michelle-obama-healthy-eating-school-lunch-food-policy-000066
Pug Leader, standing by.
Head on over to r/theocho my friend.
Which of the 3 would you have chosen?
**THANKS (MICHELLE) OBAMA**
Crawling on donuts, awesome haha.
Yeah there's at least 4 or 5 full songs she dances to out there in 4K.
Yep, completely agree. That may have been what they were referring to as well, the fad of hyper-reactions. I just hoped they weren't referring to non-violent protests against perceived injustice as a fad, only the knee jerk reactions to it.
I didn't buy into the hype here because I never heard SMS fallback or desktop client in their presentation, but [this is me.](http://i.imgur.com/mpKZg.png)
Racial inequality in America is part of the protest. The question still stands what the racial makeup of any sports league has to do with the protest.
By 'fad' are you referring to the discussion of the protest or the protest itself?
http://www.windowscentral.com/simple-background-music-player-app-xbox-one-adds-more-languages-and-formats
Well I would hope he would wash his hands every time he came here!
When m'ladies get moist after I whip out my ~~Sexus~~ Dixel, I gotta have something that can withstand all the moisture!
I call dibs on next year!

https://www.reddit.com/r/sloths/search?q=ridiculously+photogenic+baby+sloth&restrict_sr=on&sort=relevance&t=all
AKA the reason I bought a 4K TV.

Just kidding ^^kinda
I have and haven't found any true comparisons, that's why I asked you, because you seemed certain there were comparable options. I listen to lossless music and can certainly tell the difference between wireless and wired, it's presumptuous of you to think no one can hear a difference just because you can't.
Bose headphones were about 3 upgrades in quality ago for me. Plus I had a wired pair of those which already offers better sound quality than bluetooth. I was wondering if you could recommend bluetooth headphones that would compare to something like the Sennheiser HD6XX series or Beyerdynamic DT series.
Well NASCAR and IndyCar are raced in the US for more than 1 race a year so more people watch those.
Make sure we also include Djibouti on the schedule then, wouldn't want to leave out any part of the WORLD.
Yes please for Indy.
I guess different uses for different people, I would use Snapchat or grab the Google Photos share link for the video.
I'll bet it does have a USB port and doesn't require any more cords/accessories than the aux port.
What would you recommend as a decent pair of bluetooth headphones?
Motorola did already and it didn't get great reviews from r/Android. https://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/4sx2by/this_is_the_adapter_youll_need_to_plug_headphones/

But then again, Motorola didn't jack themselves off publicly over their 'courage.' Also it looks like an iPhone fan helped disprove this in one of the replies to you: https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/53sk4b/now_thats_a_nice_feature/d7w40g9
Then the trend spreads and your Civic now has no AUX port even though you wanted nothing to do with the F-150.
You're right.
I'm going to miss driving on the correct side of the road... Sorry in advance to all the NPCs in FH3.
It's weird seeing all these 'will it run for me' threads in this sub, I'm not used to it haha.
Why would you not send a link instead of an entire video?
I'd recommend posting in the megathread of sorts:

https://www.reddit.com/r/forza/comments/53q1vh/forza_horizon_3_pc_preload_support_thread/
Pump fake on point!
Can't wait for Injury Bowl this weekend!
You weren't kidding about Stafford's wife.
Gets his notes ready for Monday Night Countdown. COME BACK MATT!
I'd be selling homeboy to the nearest slaver if they tried to leave.
Actually the death knell was Penske driving the pace car for the 100th running instead of a celeb who would bring eyeballs. ;)
It takes courage to still use retarded as an insult.
Oh so these are the PC graphics everyone has been bragging about! /s
That's great but I don't live outside the US so I'd like to use what the majority of my country uses to communicate. I agree that the phrase 'no one will use it' is hyperbole but what they probably mean is 'no one I know' will use it which is basically the whole point of whether to install a new communication app or not: whether you can communicate with the people you talk to most by using the app. If not, there's not a point like they said.
According to Google you're now a business user, congrats!
Courage referring to them removing the headphone jack, not removing SMS.
Just [this song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XfR9iY5y94s) on repeat.
Your original comment was ambiguous, I tried to seek clarification, and all you've done is downvote and condescend. Have a good day man.
So 'still' not 'once again.'
Perfectly apt as I'm happy with the Elite:Dangerous of apps which is Hangouts. A lot of options but you can do what works for you.
Please don't download, otherwise the fanboys will use it to tout download numbers like they did with Duo.
You say once again, but has it ever not been since its creation? I love Hangouts and have no major issues with it, but the only thing it does better is the inclusion of group video calls.
Not a punt, but... 
http://i.imgur.com/4XO8f93.gifv
Yeah, the fact that they are an active poster here *is* the problem.
I just look at the axis it's spinning on and fly to the pole (face) that is spinning counter-clockwise.
Everyone was touting the Duo download numbers so I won't even download this one to be disappointed with. My friends and I are now a corporation because we won't be switching from "business-oriented" Hangouts.
Hi, nice to meet you, I'm No One.
Well I had to downvote after the edits, it's the law.
http://i.imgur.com/dhZg8UD.gif
I don't want to give up my large screen either. I'll probably be getting the 6P when my 6 dies, at least that is still 5.7"
Can't wait for the price drop on the 6P when these come out!
Not sure if you're trying to pretend I wasn't talking about you or didn't understand I was talking about you...
With your permission, I'd like to step into this conversation and say you are taking all of this way too seriously.
Google has a lot of IRL examples

http://www.simonmotorsport.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/11.jpg
It goes both ways. I've seen complaints from Patriots fans saying they only get downvoted for their flair and not for their shitty attitude and/or abrasive and confrontational comments.

Of course, this post isn't confrontational or abrasive which is why it's at +212 now.
No, everyone else is just a retard.
Oh so he's not yawning, he's actually gasping in horror because you just stabbed him! /s
BRONCOS IF YOU DON'T DROP OVER 30 ON OUR DEFENSE ON LIFE SUPPORT, YOU ARE NOT VERY GOOD AT FOOTBALL.
THIS HAS BEEN RE-UPLOADED AND COMPRESSED SO MUCH IT WILL BE 6 TOTAL PIXELS BY NEXT YEAR.
I'd be yawning too if I had to watch the Rams this year.
I'm an IT Analyst and our jobs are the same, I just save my masturbation for home haha.
Guaranteed Basic Income once the robots take over.
'Custodial Engineer'
Same, I don't reddit at home so I have enough content to look at from my desk the next day.
She's good at multitasking and does both at the same time.
Yeah, do people not know how quotes work? You described exactly what someone would say and then described their actions outside the quotes. People need better reading comprehension skills.
The easiest way is to go to [xboxdvr.com](http://xboxdvr.com/) and then type in your gamertag. It will let you view or download the full size screencaps you've taken at 1080p. Then you can re-host through imgur or another image service if you want.

Example: http://i.imgur.com/1LUafbr.jpg
This is where everyone says the company they hate runs a bar. My choice is Comcast.
It's starting to make me wish there were 2 separate subs for Xbox and PC. Too many 'PC master race' comments already.
You at least have the 1920x1080 version you can post. The version here is about half that resolution, just saying.
I think you mean Project Scorpio, I'm already playing it on the One S.
Well they can rest easy knowing they made the right hire now. It was nice of him to remove all ambiguity from the decision.
New drinking game! Take a drink for every comment complaining about why this is NSFW even though it doesn't stop anyone from viewing it. I'm trying the game right n
None of my friends are technologically savvy and have no problems using Hangouts for messaging and video calls. There's my competing anecdote.
It looks like once a month [from the current trend.](https://www.reddit.com/r/gameofthrones/comments/4x8x48/no_spoilers_game_of_thrones_stunt_doubles/)
That's gotta be a sad life that someone actively spends time antagonizing people instead of enjoying their own experiences.
Why would the OP speak about things becoming acceptable across the entire world when there are so many cultural differences and they can't see the entire world at the same time? They had a shower thought about how that is becoming the case where they are. They never said around the world.
Pay-for-play is the problem.
I want that chair in the office for music listening.
Should have gone with 'Hacked by 4Chan'
Yes you are, they are a troll haha.
I think they were referring to downvotes for the submission itself, which are encouraged if you don't like the content. You're correct about downvotes for comments though.
I dub this the most reposted pig picture on Reddit.

http://karmadecay.com/r/aww/comments/52ho2t/tiny_happy_piglet/
I'M FLYIN' HERE!
No but reddit seems to eat them up, like this one.
Doing God's work! I've tried to offer this with all the phone screenshots of leaderboards to mixed reception.
It would be cool if you could save your settings across Forza games, kinda like what EA Sports used to do with Hospitality Settings. When you start the game, it checks for saved data from previous games and asks if you'd like to use those settings.
> ~~The media~~ Reddit wants negative, clickbait-worthy stuff -- and they just got it.


I think I just watched the first Oscar-winning gif.
Or people that enjoy audio fidelity.
Uh, people don't need a new reason to hate the Pats and their fans, there's already plenty.
When I criticize Samsung for having an exploding phone: "lol go buy your phone without a headphone jack you shill!"

When I criticize Apple for removing the headphone jack: "At least it doesn't explode like your lagdroid phone!"

No thanks to both haha, I'll stick with my Nexus.
Calm down, Satan.
Bernie Sander?
Probably a bit of Step 1 and 2 to help with the vine fame.
Lol the number 10 post that day was asking Reddit if there were adult-size light up sneakers.
[Too many pumps!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGJb2iLvOKE)
I'd say get a 2nd one and hang them from the ends of the handlebars.
I feel like soccer mom is a broader term than that. I would definitely still say there are soccer moms in my city (giant SUV full of kids, one of a handful of haircuts, etc) but the median income would probably put us over middle class.
The first couple of days I had the game, I thought the FSD trails were all comets when in Supercruise mode.
That's a pretty sweet walkway.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d8tPpS7MI6s
He saw [this](http://i.imgur.com/2oDvgTZ.gif) and got inspired.
The OP account is a spam bot and should be reported as such.
Well this became my phone background in about 10 seconds.
I wish you could walk up to him and just start dancing with him with the same motions.
I did a write-in for 'Fucking Nobody.'
Welp, this is the part where every average consumer (and some misinformed people on here from what I've seen) equate Samsung to Android and leave the platform for iOS.
The Moto X used to be, but I think this guy might literally be using a potato for a phone.
Wrong, dumbass. https://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/4sx2by/this_is_the_adapter_youll_need_to_plug_headphones/
It was right here, maybe try searching before you assume things. https://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/4sx2by/this_is_the_adapter_youll_need_to_plug_headphones/
Sorry you'll have to buy a dongle to remove shitposts.
What stops bugs and critters from just crawling/flying into your house? Tons of chemicals on that lawn?
Referring to the comments in this thread I'm assuming.
I bet they have the courage to remove it from the iPad soon too. Hopefully they at least include 2 ports on something that big. 
Nope sorry you can only be a neckbeard Android fanboy if you don't blindly praise every Apple decision. Sorry you had to find out you were one this way... 
If you had just stuck to voting, my comment wouldn't even exist. I didn't see your first version, but your second was just smug edginess so I can only assume the first was worse.
Stirring shit up with nothing to add to the comment you replied to is not adding to the conversation. Let's be real, your goal was not to create discussion. The person you replied to was actually trying to create discussion. It's like someone saying '+1' or 'this.' Your comment is useless when there is an upvote button.
[So simple and minimalist, just like the rest of Apple's design language!](https://i.imgur.com/OvbvRch.png)
Your phrasing still sucks and adds nothing to the discussion.
I find it odd that someone with an amp listening to FLAC files for their home setup would deem bluetooth audio quality acceptable.
He can't count it if he didn't call 'bank.'
Wait, what? The person you replied to said computers should still have USB ports. You said if something comes along to make those USB ports obsolete, then it's fine. I said nothing better has come along than USB. Then you asked if I was ignoring USB.

To address bluetooth and lightning, bluetooth has vastly inferior transfer speeds and I don't own a Mac so lightning is useless to me.
Maybe Android will do it differently, but [this](http://i.imgur.com/OvbvRch.png) is the current solution if you're going to get the iPhone 7.
Also, Apple followed Motorola by removing the headphone jack.

http://www.theverge.com/2016/6/10/11900992/moto-z-specs-no-headphone-jack
Well it hasn't.
That's a second faster than the [Koenigsegg CCX.](http://i.imgur.com/9vEXPZn.jpg) Holy shit. Also it ties the 991 GT3, Audi R8 V10, Ferrari 458, and Carrera GT.
My rotating wallpaper folder just got a little bit larger.
[C O U R A G E](http://i.imgur.com/OvbvRch.png)
I won't care what the fuss is about because I will still have an Android phone with a headphone jack.
>On a phone
Why wouldn't they be wishing they got any other Android phone? They have both a headphone jack and a non-exploding mode.
My home course only prohibits play when there is snow on the ground, so I hope to have a very short or non-existent offseason.
You're thinking of matzo.
[I got you fam.](http://i.imgur.com/SYzOogV.gif)
No it's still bad.
Still better than snakes from what I've heard.
Work: Self-Employed

Education: Graduated from the School of Hard Knocks
It shows that however they look on the outside, a lot of people are ugly on the inside.
Lol, so this is what arguments with Apple fanboys devolve into. I asked about the thickness of a phone and we're now to you talking about me being born from sodomizing a donkey. You stay classy man and keep on shilling for Apple.
Do you have your parents' permission to be online?
>of or denoting a type of behavior or personality characterized by indirect resistance to the demands of others and an avoidance of direct confrontation, as in procrastinating, pouting, or misplacing important materials.

I asked you how much thinner of a phone you needed and your first response was 'get a flip phone' followed by 'lagdroid lol.' And I'm the passive aggressive one? 
Such eloquence!
Touchwiz is one of the heaviest Android skins though.

Ah crap, I think I missed your sarcasm from the exploding phone reports.
Or I'll stay with Android which gives both of us the options we want.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/4sx2by/this_is_the_adapter_youll_need_to_plug_headphones/

Please tell me again how Android 'fanboys' are only bashing this because it's Apple after reading the comments in what I linked. Sounds like you're grasping at straws to defend Apple.
You can tell pretty easily who those people are in this thread. Especially the shit like 'bluetooth master race.'
Some are trying pretty hard to ITT.
Jesus, how much thinner do you need a phone to be than what we have now? I want a thicker phone with a larger battery and a headphone jack.
Why would I use bluetooth headphones when the sound quality is degraded? Until bluetooth is able to play the same quality audio as a headphone jack, people will always want to use the jack. I'm guessing you've never owned any hifi gear if you can't see why anyone wouldn't want bluetooth.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/4sx2by/this_is_the_adapter_youll_need_to_plug_headphones/

And people hated that decision too, dumbass. Stop acting like a martyr. You're arguing about a phone.
https://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/4sx2by/this_is_the_adapter_youll_need_to_plug_headphones/


Read all the praise Android fanboys gave it in this thread! https://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/4sx2by/this_is_the_adapter_youll_need_to_plug_headphones/

Oh wait, everyone condemning it just like they are now...

Thanks for admitting defeat with your downvote and no reply, keep on shilling!
Speaking of projecting...
Unfortunately, I find most people that went from Android to Apple came from Samsung because they think that OS represents all of Android. The Nexus experience is much better in terms of less clutter and has frequent security updates. It also doesn't experience the ~2 year slowdown a lot of Samsung devices seem to have where they drag through everything. Also it sounds like Google Photos wasn't around when you had your phone because it is by far the best and easiest photo syncing/storage app.
If you're basing your Android experience on a tablet, I'm sorry you had to go through that. The phone experience is much better, not much has been optimized for tablets. 
Which apps are supported for background? I have one called something like Simple Music Player and it would be awesome to play the Interstellar soundtrack.
He'd probably just need to make 2 fewer fighter jets or cruise missiles each year. Yes, this is sarcasm, but damn those things are expensive, especially the F35 program.
Path buddies!
Of course it is a nonsensical insult, I'd never argue otherwise. I'm a Moderate and can only speak to the specific insults I've received on this site. Most of which in my 5 years here have come from Trump supporters in the last year or so, and in default subs having nothing to do with politics.
Yeah that's what I said.
Nothing you said refutes that the issue that needs fixed is institutional racism so I'm glad to see you agree with me. 
Yeah, it just provided a place for that cancer to gather and focus its energy.
Okay, now we're splitting hairs. Your exact quote was 'mostly all left wing' and that's not true. Also I've never once mentioned 50-50 in a comment.
Not everyone can further every cause. They happen to focus on what is the most important to them. If they called it the largest problem in America, I may have to disagree with them, but their end goal is to make people that are often marginalized feel more comfortable and I can't argue with that.
>The mindless political cancer leaking onto subs are mostly all left wing's

That's simply not true and exactly what I was trying to point out.
Yeah since it was vaguely worded and used an inflammatory term like 'cancer' it was bound to make people draw different conclusions.
A black person not seeing themselves as black won't help them in the slightest with institutional racism. So if by 'source' you mean institutions of power within the country, then you are correct.
Unless you were on the beta on the N6.
True but the comment I replied to implied (to me) the cancer came solely from the left-wing nature of Reddit.
I can think of a lot more nonsensical insults (SJW, cuck, libtard, regressive left, etc) that have come from the right, but your point is also correct. I think they are just better at it.
Please quote me where they said the only explanation for the current situation was racism. Lol, no reply just a downvote. Now you can have one of mine.
The cancer is not from the left-wing people you're talking about. It's from a sub that rhymes with Muh Fronald.
The issue is how others view you, not how you view yourself.
Larger version from the last time this was posted:

http://apod.nasa.gov/apod/image/1105/sombrero_hst_3215.jpg
Okay, Skeptical.
I live in Indianapolis and have to watch Monaco on Monday once I've recovered from the festivities on Sunday.
No coasters? Living on the edge I see.
All your fans have moved on so that shouldn't bother you, it's only the IU fans living in the past!
But when you reach across the table and smack them, everyone knows it was your card.
The person you replied to was justifying the outrage of social media against Turner and the case, not of this specific protester against Turner and the case.
You're 33% correct in your assessment. He is a white male.
Exactly! They should have waited until after he started raping her to stop him.
Thanks!
It's funny to see when gun enthusiasts like yourself ask if a certain display is necessary, only to be condescended by 'gun nuts' who think you are complaining about all open carries or don't understand the law. They are so quick to point out the laws that they skip right past your question of the necessity of it.
The signage and barriers ruin the beauty of the area. It would be better to just not have people destroying things at will and be respectful.
That's a different type of convention. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I see what you're saying but that sets a bad precedent for almost anything in nature if we are able to use that justification.
> I got a Trumpster bingo!

Are you serious? I literally said it the sentence before I mentioned a card. I guess that confirms your terrible reading comprehension. You didn't have to read my mind, just what I typed. Keep your checklist of insults coming though, love it!
This from the guy that got upset the FAA had to approve a private space flight out of US airspace. Now you like to brag about regulations when you can boast about your country eh?

>Who the fuck, is the US government to tell me I can't send shit into space or to the moon?
At night when nobody is around, it's all you can ride!
I don't get those hybrid fans. It takes a season of IU football to really make you appreciate IU basketball. When you watch ND football, there's no buildup for the basketball season like when you're wondering how IU already went down 21 to Ohio State at home before halftime and decide to go back to the tailgate fields.
I see what looks like an old Ferrari F1 car.
Not a relevant username.
I mean you're free to think what you want, but why did you reply to me and not just post it as a regular comment? But since you did reply to me, I completely disagree with you and don't know why it matters that you're European. I bet I can find much weirder shit that people love wherever you're from.
Finally, an IMAX camera for a phone that can adequately capture my Instagram food photos!
Usually an organization that has the word 'Family' or 'Values' in their name.

Here's a quote from Phil Burress, from Citizens For Community Values when asked about a California bill that would provide LGBT training for foster parents:

>BURRESS: It’s going to continue to confuse children. This is the way the homosexual activists continue to build their numbers — is to get people confused about their gender identity and start acting out… Obviously, people who care about children — Christian couples — they will probably go ahead and go through the training if they’re required to. When they start raising them, they’re just going to have to raise them as Christians.

And a quote from Jeremy Tedesco from Alliance Defense Fund in support of an Illinois school system that voted to remove a book from their schools because it stated 'some kids have 2 moms or 2 dads':

>TEDESCO: Public schools should not be coerced by outside groups into indoctrinating students into homosexual behavior by exposing them to inappropriate sexual materials. Schools are supposed to be places of learning, not places where schools push propaganda on students. The school is right under these circumstances to prohibit access to the GLSEN materials and not cave to the ACLU’s demands.

I'm dealing with one that really needs me to know that he specifically doesn't like Mort. Because I've never picked up on that before from other fans' comments.
I'm replying to your replies. My original comment was giving someone gold, thanking them for their differing comment, and wishing them a nice day. And that person was not you. Then you interjected and here we are. You are the one that really wants me to know you don't like Mort, so I gave you the satisfaction of registering your dislike for him. What more do you need? Do I need to say I don't like him either before you're done replying to me?
What we have in this picture is a shirt that humorously describes a gay agenda. It is a play on those that say gays have an agenda to turn everyone gay. But as you can see from the shirt, that is actually not part of their agenda. Only regular gay stuff and Taco Tuesdays, which everyone loves. Do you have a better understanding now? It sounded like you were struggling with the premise. Let me know if I can further clarify anything.

Edit: Well dang, they gave up their 'too cool for defaults' shtick. The comment I replied to asked something along the line of 'what the fuck is this shit, I'm so glad I unsubscribed from all the defaults.'
Did you contribute anything besides saying the same exact thing that is said by Pats fans every thread about him? If not, it seems like your comment is not useful to the discussion since it has been duly noted before. But if it makes you feel special, we can throw your comment about his work on to the pile. Now it's been registered. In fact I can hang it on the fridge if you like. Now everyone can know that you specifically, along with many other Pats fans, don't like his work. 
It still sounds too hard for you. In your analysis you omitted the option of not posting at all if you don't really care about a random person's recovery. We all know Pats fans' opinion of him, so I'm not sure why it needs to be reiterated constantly especially when the post is mostly about his recovery. 
Your reading comprehension needs some work. I said you were trashing him at the same time as praising his recovery. Try this exercise with me, no matter how you feel and how wronged you feel by him: try saying "I'm glad he is recovering." That's it, nothing about your personal agenda against him, even if you think it inside. Just "I'm glad to see he's getting better." If this exercise is too hard for you, maybe just consider not posting.
Great tip, I'll try this when I get home tonight! I've been struggling bigtime to get the camera to stop in place when I need it to.
Right now it's frustrating for me because I'm new to the game and my precision camera flying is just as awkward as my precision ship flying.
I'm sorry Mort has personally hurt you so badly, enough to trash him in the same breath as talking about how he's free of cancer for now.
I love the lighting, great picture!
Your content is almost the sole reason I'm subbed here. Now I'm starving at 11 AM though...
I miss the car too!
You get gold for being the only Patriots fan in here to not take the opportunity to start shitting on him again. When I opened this thread I knew it would be full of that, just like the original announcement thread was. I hope you have a great day and football is almost back!
Now the threats need to make it 10 feet wider.
What in the ever-loving fuck are you talking about? I was talking about my bingo card that contains tired phrases I've heard from Trump supporters. I have no idea what 'card' you're talking about. You are still assuming so much about me it's ridiculous. At least it seems you've conceded I was not referring to the intelligence level of all Trump supporters in my original comment, only to the intelligence of keyboard warriors like yourself that have a checklist of words ready to go at a moment's notice when God-forbid someone doesn't like your candidate.
I got a Trumpster bingo! Who do I turn my card in to? Again feel free to show me where I talked about the education level of all Trump supporters. I'd be more than happy to talk about yours though.
Classic Haas, stealing all of Ferrari's ideas! Oh, wait...
Amazing shot, and thank you for your service!
The ultimate repost.
Whoa, I think I found a bot programmed with buzzwords from /r/The_Donald. You asked if they had spoken to one and I answered. And then proceeded to fit the exact profile I was describing. So you're just adding to the pile of vomit by assuming so many different things about me. Your generalizations are absurdly broad whereas I was only referring to the tangible words I've read in this thread. I don't remember calling the entire Republican Party uneducated or even all Trump supporters uneducated. Only those spewing vitriol in this thread, which you have happily joined the ranks of.
[Huracan as well](http://i.imgur.com/0a3j240.jpg)
[Them, hopefully](http://i.imgur.com/zihcPvZ.jpg)
Statistically speaking, it's probably still safer than driving.
You know how they say 'I just threw up a bit in my mouth' with triggers for vomiting? Well I just sharted a bit in my pants just thinking about that combo of Chipotle and Taco Bell.
I don't know how you keep skipping right past red's initial illegal action and go right to green. All of this is moot if red obeys the law, it means no one else has to make any kind of judgement calls. Can we not just agree that red is the worst driver in this scenario because they have caused all the discussion we've had? If there's no red, there's no green. Simple as that.
Well I've read plenty of word vomit from them in this thread and it's not painting a great picture in my mind.
Wat. Dude, slow down. Stop saying random words. Catch your breath, let's look at this logically.

Are there people in this entire comment section that are intolerant of others' views, whether they be democrat, republican, or something else? The answer is yes, unless you read below a 3rd grade level. Next step, what was the definition of a bigot again? Do you remember when I told you earlier? It's someone who is intolerant of someone else's views. So if there are people in this thread that are intolerant of others' views (no matter their political affiliation, I see liberal and conservative bigots all over this thread) then there are bigots in this thread. If you can't follow that, I feel bad for you.
The definition of a bigot is someone who is intolerant to those holding different opinions. I'm not sure where you got your definition from. Certainly not from the person you replied to because they never defined it that way, they just said there was bigotry in this thread which is correct. 
It's going to be hard to go back to high school with my full time job, but if you say so...
I wish our muckraking still rhymed...
Yes.
I was about to tell you it's bleu cheese, but quick research showed both are correct and it was even called blue cheese first. Silly Frenchmen trying to complicate things!
It's the final Nougat Dev preview, I'm still waiting to get fully blessed.
I'm at 13,212 but I think I should get Tier 10 for my 10-year Forza anniversary which is in 2017. It does say out of 16,000 points so if FH3 is worth 3,000 I wouldn't get 10 until almost acing that game if 10 was at 16,000.
There's a pizza place near me that uses fresh ones and not pickled. I get etouffee sauce, cheese, crawfish, and those jalapenos. My favorite unconventional pizza ever, but it is borderline punishment to eat.
That's the test, whether or not you can reach my high five.
One with Instagram-filtered glass windows apparently.
Be relieved it's gone so I don't have to use it for 90% of my contacts. And then never be able to message anyone that is using iMessage.
People will get downsized to promote organizational synergy.
Yeah but the phrase is not "I'll take the 12.9333% ground."
The ultimate irony would be if OP was a short man trying to gather up all the tall women on here again. ;)
Your "character" is making a throwaway account and either starting shit or making terrible jokes. Pretty much says it all.
Yeah I meant to say pickled habaneros. Even fresh jalapenos are pretty hot to me.
>The officers soon realized that they got the wrong person. Still, DeShawn Franklin was handcuffed and placed in a squad car for resisting. 

That's AFTER they knew they fucked up. I wish there was not such a wide range of common sense levels in police officers.
It carries on the look of the Carrera GT too. I happen to like how understated it is. Business in front, party in the back! Also less expensive stuff to hit on curbs. :)
I'll take the middle ground with habaneros. Love their flavor!